RIOt ? di^^&^gd^ ©ufjjsts s&fc; iaica^pi^weU-' afij^li^^Mble; - i^h^ts dippf^dwo: mttoiiSjpf white ichiysanthemuiULS jmti -fsattw^joa^^ lively chatter was going on, mingled witk;s6ft rlpples of langhter> iso ^hat-the:. complaeently that sM had paired the right" people togetker, and thatvUeL- party; was going to^be H sneeess. \ . : ~''. .. . ' -Miss Enid Glifton-Talbot,' although tie queen of the dayy fras certainly inot. the centrefof attraction ather mother's itable. As fliat lady had not expected that she would be,she was notdisapiMJintedi Enid was pretty and winning, of course, but how conld sbe shine in the presence of .Peari Sumner, lier cousin, the brilliant poung beauiy who bad turned the heads of a score or two of -men during the previous London season? - " Miss "Sumner had-been taken dowp to dinner by Sir Hugh Boyd, a jovial young sporting, baronet, who owned an estateno't many miles away from Clifton Court, Qn her other side she had - the rising artist, Mr Maurice Holland, whose clever . black-and-white - work had brought him into prominence during the. past two years. Mrs Clifton-Talbot's only son, Eustace, was wont to sneer at young Holland, and to declare that he was of lowly origin; but, when Pearl had Challenged him to verify his. statement upon one occasion, he had been . compelled to admit his inability to do so. All he could say was that Mr Holland was never knovgj^ talk about his. people, and that certain "fellows" said he hafi been educated by charity. "Oli, If you go by dub-room scandal," , declared Miss Peafl. with a scornful tilt of he* deliciously-dimpled chin. "But 1 do not, remember. \ Therefore, it is of no use to repeat suqh things to me, unless you have more definite grounds to go upon." ' . And she bad been cool to him for a week afterwards. This had happened in the summer, and Eustace had left the Court in September, in order to pay a round of visits. It now wanted but a few days to Christmas, and he had just returned, having seen no one half so pretty as his cousin Pearl during his absence. and having decided in his- own mind that she and no other should be the mistress of Clifton Court in the future. . \- - Miss Sumner was as yet quite unconscious of her cousin's-intentions. Now. and then she gave him a friendly smile across the table that sent the blood rushjug through his-veins. - -He felt that be loved her far-more passionately than • he had done three months beforei. And surely she had grown lovelier during, his absence. To-niglit slie wore a pimple, white gown, witii'shorj, puffed and folds of white siik about her slim waist, in which slip looked almost a child in spite of hgr nineteen years. Her milkwhite neck and arms were bare, and the unrelieved white of her gown seemed to accentuate the vivid rose-red tints of "her lips and cheeks, the deep blue of her eyes, the bronze hue of her rippling hair. -Young Holland seemed greatly to admire her, too, and be certainly, paid more at-, tention to her than to the lady who had fallen to' his lot: but then, Mrs Veneker was not an exacting person, and thought more of her dinner than of desultory conversation. Pearl began to speak of v Christmas when the dinner was drawing to a close. She and her aunt and cousins were to spend, it _Mth her guardian,. old_ General Sumiier, X%"'fatba* ? s^Mer brpther, who lived iii'a rambling old house in Kent, ^about thirty, miles from the Court. v "Hike going to Lyndhurst," she said, "tl&ple; Dick is very indulgent, and has old-l^s^oned hdtiofis about , ? Ghristmas.- "He k^Spfe up the custom of telling ghost , ftorie^ dn^CBristinas ii'e insists bn hat^ng snap-dragon and games, early , dinner <ox Christmas .Day, and a.ilanee fosibe ^rv&feln-th;^evenil^^I danced ^Itb the'^ioie>fai^n : it ^Sas LfijBSaT ^h^Js .s 'win j Eustace bit his lip angrily beneath Ms moustache. How had "that fellow" manas^A to secure an invitation to Lyndliursi wondered. He Had expec-ted to have Pearl all to himself, and now But he was not really afraid of Holland; he bad a spoke to put in the wheel of that presuming young artist. For a few moments he sat regarding the great bowl of flowers in front of him, and then he roused himself, and, bending forward, addressed bis cousin: "Pearl, how would you like to go down to Eryndhurst on your bicyfcle?" he asked. The soft pink flush deepened on - the girl's cheeks: her eyes"beamed. , "Eustace! 'It would be charming! Why did I not think of it? And this frost has made the roads delightfully firm. Will yoti take me?" "With great pleasure, little cousin," he, returned, smiling. "It will be a nice spin for. us. Enid, I know, will prefer to go by rail with mother.'' '" • i "Then that is. settled," said Pearl, gleefully. "Tliahli you so much, Eustace." She gave him a soft, grateful glance across the table from her sweet blue eyes, and after that he could bear to see Tier turn again to Holland.' Even when, later in the evenlng.the pair wandered off to. the .conservatory, " "Eugtacemerely shrugged his shoulders, and made no attempt to follow them. Holland was not, he argued within himself, o.n such familiar terms with Pearl that he would be at all likely to propose.to her, to-night. Aud when Pearlknejrjhe truth .concerning him. as, she isgion would know-r?— Meanwhile. Maurice and Pearl walked lietween the rows of flowering plants, a soft, subdued light falling on their faces from a number small .lamps shaiped like . roses and " halfopened lilies. Pearl's haiid rested lightly oh'' her", companion's arqi ; herJbarge, soft eyes looked wistfully up into his face. All her pretty, coquettish airs were put aside in -this man's presence; for Pearl had given her heart to the young artist months before, and, although she believed that she had secured his in exchange, he had-never told her so. That he loved her she felt convinced. Why, then, did he withhold the words -that-had more than once 'seemed to tremble on liis'lips. and' that would have set her troubled doubts to rest? . \- "Perhaps he is silent because of my horrible money," she thought, sometimes. "He is not rich yet, I know; but he is so clever that he is more than my equal.' And yet I* cannot tell him tso." Young Holland'^ manner was . rather more constrained .than usual on this December evening, aid Peak's heart beat heavily beneath her pretty white bodice. , "Shall you be at Lyndhurst-when we arrive there-on the 23rd?" she, .asked, presently, as they, paused to admire a particularly fine chrysanthemum. "I shall not be there until after Christmas Day/" he replied. <Jeneral Sumner understands that' I thought you might be aware of it I am due at Iiyndhurst on.the 26tlii I—I always spend Christinas with my own people* Pearl looked up eagerly. This was the first time that sbe had lieard him allude to his "people." - "Do they—shall you be in town then?" she Inquired. • • "No. They—my parents I mean—live in the country;" He said notlilng fiirlher, and Pearl feit that his tone did not Invite questions. He might have been a little more confidential, she thought, and not have treated her almost as a stranger. " The tears rose to her eyes, and .she heedlessly plueked the finest bloom from the plant and scattered its feathery white petals over, the floor, " - "Oh, you mischievous little lady!" exclaimed Mauijce, In a bantering* tone; and- tiien slie noticed what she had done, and tried to laugh. " ''We bad better go back to the drawingrooiii," 'She said. "I am always -gettingiutojaisgraee widi Tqpiklns for destroying bis plants. He comes grumbling to auntie, ^irith such a long face." And so the Utfle ihterview from which Pearl badlioped SQjoauch was over, and It had brought only-disappointment. &he; wished that sbe had not suggested that £be should.be inyited to EnidUi tnrtii-^ day, dinner. She-,no longer "looked .for^ ward to Christmas with-joyous anticipationi ThEijCun would take r^aee before Maurice's- arrival, aud she ' would -did not say good- be obliged to take part in It and to pretend to-be happy, whilst all the time her heart -would ache With that strange dull pain /that bad of late marred , all her brightest moments.. *. .. ; Mauriee left the Court shortly after eleven, in order to catch the midnight , l^re to Pearl, who, at the moment of bis departure, was seated at • the pianos .with lialf-a-dozen men clustered around h£r, Jto whom she; was giving ai spiritedimitationof-. <a •popular music-ball -« tiste,-in one of , her. latest songs. . VThe lamplight, fell.;upon ber waving bronzfe hair, her saucy ,upturnQd face and sparkling eyes,{as-3fauj?ice tnrned in the doorwayJor one last glimpse of her. Was she a thorough coquette? lie wondered, aad could she have "been playing a part flir-diour ago. when her wistful, clouded eyes had sought his, her little hand trembled on his arm? - - "I will put my fate to the touch—after Christmas," he thought, as he ran downstairs. Pearl seemed in very good spirits during the next-two days. She was gracious to her cousin Eustace, and raised his hopes considerably by hjer .^pretty affectionate manner. The pair went out skating and cycling together during the daytime, and sang Suets in the drawingroom after dinner. Mrs Cliftou-Talbot was delighted, with Hie^aspect. of affairs. jShe tod.long.cqveted.the. youiig lielress for hgt daughter-in-law, and she really wished to see PearL married, so that Enid .mlght have-lier chance. For quiet Httle TSaid was always-overlooked in the presence of her brilliant cousin. . On the morning of the 23rd the frost still continued. There -was a. good deal to be done before lunch in. the way of packing, but the family assembled in fhe dining-room at onei: .o'clock, which -was an hour before.the usual time. Pearl was arrayed in her neat fawn cloth skirt and coat, with smart little gaiters to mStch, in readiness for her journey. "We must start in an hour's time, Pearl," observed her cousin, as he carved. some delicate slices of turkey for her. "Make a good: lunch. We shall be there as soon as mother and Enid, I daresay. If we only do ten miles an liour,: we can reach there at 5 o'clock." 'tTompkins tays we shall have a change in the weather," put in Enid. "The Wind has veered round, and he predicts show before long." Tompkins is generally right in his predictions, but the snow will not come before we reach Lyndhurst. We are not .going to be frightened out of our ride—eh, Pearl?" said Eustace, laughingi. " " Certainly not. Oh ! not all that tongue, auntie, please! I can never eat it' "I thought you were to make a good lunch," said Auntie." with mock severity. .' ' "Ah, mother, wait until after our ride. Pearl mil have found her appetite then; and as for myself—well, if you get there first, you can warn them to have special relays of tea and hot cakes in readiness for us." When the pair were ready to start Mrs Clifton-Talbot and Enid went to the hall door to see them off, and waited Until a bend in the avenue hid them from view. . ""How graceful Pearl looks on her machine!" remarked Enid, as she closed thedoor. "And what spirits they both are in! Do- you know, Enie, I shall not be surprised if ivhen we see Pearl again she is an engaged young lady." " "I shall," muttered Miss Enid, but the words were spoken under her breath. Mis Clifton-Talbot did not like to be contradicted, and her daughter seldom attempted to <lo iso. : Meanwhile, Eustace and his cousin ldsa^d.-ii^itiy oyer tii£jggd r.side by side. Both were fond of the pastime of cycling, and Pearl seldom bad a chance of indulging in it save when her cousin was at home, as her aunt objected to her riding alone at any distance from home. The wind was very- keen to-day, but the girl was warmly clad, and she had put on a veil to protect her face and ears. Thrpugh the meshes of this Eustace could see the lovely vivid glow oh,the cheek nearest to him. like the tint of * a geranium petal. "We have done thirteen miles already,"' he exclaimed, as they passed through a quiet little village, and he consulted his wiatcli, the hands of which pointed to the hour of three. "We shall be there before the others, at this rate." "But how daTk it is growing!" observed Pearl, witli a glance around. "It might be four o'clock instead of three." "That is accounted for by .those heavy clouds over there. I am afraid Tompkins was right, and that we are in for a snowstorm; but we may reach our destination before it comes." "It will be. fun' if. it does come, I tliink, T 'laughed Pearl. "Not so enjoyable as you fancy, little lady. I have been caught in a snowstorm before now> The white flakes blind and confuse one, and after a bit the roads are -rendered .almost impassable for cycles. But^weimust hope for/ the best."- .. • ... i. . ~ • .- At half-past three the two were obliged to dismount, in order to light their lamps.. They had made good speed during the. hour, and were now twenty miles from home. Eustace congratulated his cousin on her.skill in riding. .• t - . "The wind is ; eot in our fa^or either," he said. "You have done . famously, Pearl. Only ten miles to go now, and By Jove! it is beginning to snow, after all."... Pearl extended.!her hand in its little fur-lined glove. A white flake fell on ; it ajid jested therp for a few second^ ere it melted away. "Don't look concerned, Eustace. We have not far to go now." she said. "Here are two roads. Which one are we to take?" \- 1 "The—the ope to the left, if I remember rightly. Yes, this is it. "Come along, Pearl. I hope you are not tired:" "Not at all. I am.good for twenty miles yet". ^ . But the road they had taken was not as smooth as the one they had lef t, - It was-; a by-road, In fact, and jthe occasional ruts and loose, stones caused a good deal of jolting! Pearl found that she could not keep up her former rate of speed. f The snow was falling quite heavUy, too, and J the large white flakes flew into .her faee with great persistence. Her veil -eoon clang to her-cheeks like a wet rag. arid she was obliged to stop and remove if altogether. " •" "What a veiy soliiary part of the .world tlfisis!" she :remarked, presently. "The houses seem to get fewer and fewer. I thought I knew all arohnd Lyndhurst for miles, and yet this part seeihs quite strange.'' i'... • . ' "Miave just been thinking the same." said bet cousin. "We ought to*be within five miles of Lyndhurst, and yet •—• Pearl. dear. I am afraid that we have got •out of our way; I have only been down here once betore by toad, and I—f must have madex-a mistake now." . *JHad we not better turn back?", asked Pearl,-trying .to speak lightly. ; "Oh, I think not We are at such a distance from the. cross-roads, and there may be some means of gaining the direct route, without going back. We will stop at the next bouse we come to. and make inquiries." . -Pearl pushed on courageously. It really required a great-effort now, for the indifferent, road was 1 by .no means improved by the falling snow tha'f whirled also into her eyes. The wind was piercingly cold, and her cheeks and ears felt frozen. But she did%ot mean to give Tri. It was a irreat relief, -nevertheless, when her cousin called out to Uer to dismount We have reached a house of some j •sort" lie said. "I can see the lights in the windows, and here Is a gate." He fumbled for the latch with his giovea fingers. "Come inside here, my poor, tired little cousin," be continued. "These evergreens will afford some slight shelter from the storm. I will go to the ball door and make inaturids" . > . : Pearl stationed . b^rself beneatb a friendly tree, and leaned wfearily on ber, machine when her cousin left her. How tired she was. and how cold! She could have cried with the pain of her little frozen, ears; and perhaps they were altogether .out of their way. and- it would be hours before they reached Lyndhurst If But her. meditations were interrupted by the sound of voices, and her cousin re-appeared, followed by a tall, elderly man. bearing a lantern. Eustace approached her eagerly. * "; . "Pearl, dear, these good people insist that we shall take shelter in their house -for awhile. I find that we are- ten or twelve miles from Lyndhurst, and four from any- station, and you must be so tired " "Yes, indeed, young lady," put in the stranger, in a hearty, kindly voice. "You must just bring your machine indoors, and let my wife look after you a bit It's not a night for a dog to be out, let alone a delicate young lassie." "You are very kind." Pearl faltered. "What do you think, Eustace? Auntie will be so., anxious, and - Uncle Dick also.*' "You certainly cannot go on without a rest. Pearl. I can see that you are done up. Sir, I think we must accept your kind offer for an hour or two." "To be sure, sir. Come this way, young lady. We shall soon be under shelter. Here we are, and here's my wife looking out for us. There's nothing Martha likes better than trying to make people comfortable." \ -And Pearl found herself drawn into a large, wiell-lighted apartment, that seemed, to be a sort of farmhouse kitchen, with a wide, old-fashioned fireplace and raftered ceiling. Here she was received by a motherly-looking dame in a black silk gown and a lace cap. who expressed much concern at the state of her wet garments. - "You're just wet through, my dear," she said, touching the fawn coat here and there , with a plump, tender hand. "It's no use your sitting by the fire in these things. Come up stairs with me, and let's see what can be done. Father, I trust to you to see after the gentleman. Peggy!"—opening a door and raising her voice a little—"get tea v ready at once." Pearl and her cousin protested against so much trouble being taken on their behalf, but they were not listened to. Pekrl was hurried up stairs, her damp things were removed, and she was arrayed in a skirt belonging to. her hostess, the waist of which was a mile too larjge for her, a silk bodice, and over all a fine, old-fashioned Paisley shawl, which was - brought from a lavender-scented chest. Very pretty she looked as she re-entered the kitchen in her quaint attire, with the loveliest flush on her cheeks, and her bronze hair curling in rings about her face. Eustace was standing near the fire, wearing a most becoming loose coat .of brown velvet in place of his Norfolk jacket. Pearl was surprised to see such a garment in their present quarters, but from a remark that passed between her host and his wife she gathered that it belonged to a son who was away from home. The large round table in the centre <jf the room was laid for tea, and a redfaced servant-maid was bringing in various hot dishes. Tea in this house was evidently a substantial reality, and not an apology for a meal. There was a dish of hot porn sausages on the board, such delicately-flavored dainties as Pearl had never before tasted; there was broiled ham and eggs, and hot cakes, delicious home-made bread and butter, plum-cake, honey in the 'COinb, and preserved ginger. The tea was excellent, •the cream rich and thick, and the two hungry travellers felt that their lines had fallen in pleasant places. "It's not so often we get the chance of entertaining company," said the mistress of the house, as she supplied • Pearl's plate with £nieely=frizzted" slice of.liAni. "It's quite a treat to us, isn't it father?" "Father" nodded. He was helping Mr Clifton-Talbot to a second supply of sausages. "It's very lonely here in winter," went on the old lady. "But we wouldn't live anywhere else now. Father was born in this house, and I. came to it a bride over thirty years ago. It was quite a farm then, but now we only keep a couple of cows, and a pony, and some poultry—just enough to keep our hands busy. There's my son has wanted lately to take a house for us just outside London—a nice little villa, as he says—but father and me'll stick to the old place." "Does your son live in town?" asked Eustace, in a tone of polite interest "In London, sir? Yes, to be , sure. He's quite a great man now is our lad. and makes pictures. I can show you two or three in the sitting- room by-and-bye.- From a little toddler he was always trying to draw things, and when he got old enough, nothing would do but he must go to a School of Art and when he was twenty he won a scholarship to study abroad for two years, and so he went on. until now he's made a name for himself. Perhaps you'll have heard of him—Maurice Holland." There was a momentary silence. Pearl laid down her fork, and looked across the table at her cousin with wide, startled eyes. - Something in the expression of his face caused a sudden suspicion to enter her mind—a suspicion that increased to certainty when she noticed the dull flush that crept to his brow. "Martha, my lass, you mustn't think that everybody has heard of the lad," put iu the good woman's husband. "Oh. but we have!" cried Pearl, quickly. "He is a friend of ours. Why. he dined with us only the other evening. And to think that he is your son, and we never knew it!" With a charming little gesture she slipped her band within that of Mrs Holland, by whose side she was seated. "We must be great friends now," she said, sweetly. \- _ The old lady stooped aud kissed the up r turned face. "Bless you, my dear, to be suib we will," she .returned, heartily. "And so you saw our Morry only the other night? Well, the world is but a small place* after all. We haven't seen .hint for . a month, but he'll be "down to-morrow night. He •never fails to spend Ghristmas Day with us." - - . Eustace was, rather silent during the rest of; the meal;-but Pearl talked iu her prettiest ananner, and completely fascinate d *he simple fanner and hijs wite They would not hear of her leaving their roof that night -and she professed herself perfectly willing to remain, if only Eus-" face could get to Lyndhurst, in order to allay-the anxiety, of his mother and old General Sumner" It was finally decided that Mr Holland should convey Eustace and life bicycle in the trap to "the nearest station, and that the young.- man should return on the morrow to : escort bis cousin to Lyndhurst Before Eustacfe's departure the cousins were left slone for 'a few moments, Mr Holland being in the stable, aud his wife In<the;6nter kitchen, «riring- directions fo. the servant. ' - "I hardly b'ke to leave you.. Pearl;"- said Eustace' ih low tones. "T^hy hot?*—rather' coldly. "I am with friends.". rienqs. "Toil ii can'hardly call these people your Tflencls. dear. They - are^'kind enough in their, way", but they are ignorant* uncultured. It is surprising that Maurice Holland could have comeFof such a. stock. 1 ' . _ Peari turned and looked him stt-aight in eyes. - . " It ls no surprise TO you. Eustace. -You have often.hinted that Mr Holland was of lowly" birth, and you knew It when yon. brought me here to- day—on purpose." "Pearl! 1 ' - " Don't stoop to deny it Eustace. I feel convinced "that I am right Toil wanted to let me see for myself" 1 " And uow that you have seen. Pearl." ; be interrupted, eagerly, " you will treat . that fellow as he deserves." . . I ' " I—I will try to do 60." " And you" will give me a chance I lore you, Pearl—you must know it— and. if you will only give me a grain of boptf" •:--,-• - But Pearl turned from him with a superb gesture of disdain. " I would «ot marry you. con.sin. Ior all that the world could give me," gbe said, in coldj ffweet tones. * * * . «- * * * On the following morning a tail, fairhaired young man. with a clean-shaved, resolute face, strode up the snowcovered pathway that, led to the side door of the Thorpe Firm, as old Mir Holland's house was still called. He lifted the latch and entered the large kitrjen used for cooking purposes ; ; bti nobody was there, and he passed'on; to the general living room. Mrs Holland was, there, stoning plums at the round, table, and seated beside her, a big cooking apron tied on over her fawn gown, was . a lovely girl, who was deftly removing the peel from a large apple. At the sight of her the new arrival stood still in the doorway, a look of amazement upon his face, and Mrs Holland observed him and sprang up with a cry : " Maurice ! Oh. my boy !'' When he had kissed his mother, the young man turned to the girl, who. returned his gaze demurely, though the color deepened in her cheeks. "Miss Sumner," he faltered. " You did not expect to find me here," she said, placing her little fingers in his strong clasp. " But I am here, you see, and—and very much at home. We must- tell you about it by-and- by." " We did not expect you till evening, Maurice," said his mother. " I found I could get here before, mammy, dear, so I came by the earliest train. Miss Sumner, I thought you would be at Lyndhurst"- " You seem dreadfully curious. . I must explain." said Pearl, laughing. " Arid I will go and get you some lunch, '" my boy," said Mrs Holland. *' You must be hungry, and Peggy is busy up-stairs." She bustled off, while Pearl related her adventure of the previous day, suppressing her knowledge of Eustace's little plot. I thought I was dreaming when I saw you here," he said, when she had finished. " And you looked so much. at home—so sweet—in that white apron. And you do not despise my people, after all ?" " Despise them ! I—I love them. I should be a wretch if I did not, after all their kindness." " Then . you must despise me for my false pride. I was ashamed of your knowing that I—that my dear old father and mother -were not of your order. That is why I never spoke" Pearl could not resist the words that rushed to her lips : " But you will speak—now ?" He caught her in "his arms and pressed with his own those sweet lips upon which his idle fapcy had feigned so many kisses. - f "What will your guardian say?" he whispered, presently. "He never refuses me anything I want. And, oh, Maurice—I may say it uow—I—have wanted you since I began to think y»ii cared." "Not as I have wanted you. But you seemed as far above me as the stars. Oh, Pearl, my sweet—my precious Christmas giftl" And Mrs Holland, entering the room at that moment with a tray in her hands, nearly let her burden fall to the ground in her astonishment For her son Maurice held her young guest in his arms, the girl's ruffled head rested most confidingly upon his shoulder, and the wintry sunshine, streaming in through the window, fell upon two faces on which Love had just stamped his own unmistakable seal.—'London Weekly Budget" 