A Complete Short' Story. The Man of Ferozashah. HE called himself Smith —chiefly, perhaps, because it was not his real name — and he was one of a type which was far from uncommon in those days of the late 'sixties. He was a short, squarely built old fellow, with a seamed and furrowed face, his hair already turning to grey, his shoulders well ' set up,' his body still as straight as an arrow, and all over him that indescribable something by which soldiers can always recognise each other. The English army was then just at the end of a quarter of a century of almost continuous warfare— serious warfare, too, in every quarter of the globe. Of course, it had naturally fol lowed that while this long succession of wars had brought to some honours and promotion, to others (thanks largely to their own inability to emulate their heroism in the hour of trial by a corresponding moderation in the piping times of peace) there had come nothing but the bitter memories of wasted opportunity, and a sense of failure for which they themselves were alone to blame. There were scores of such men scattered about the regiments, some open and acknowledged, others (and it was to this last class that Private William Smith belonged) driven out of one regiment after another to masquerade in a very transparent disguise as recruits in some strange corps which only knew them as they were, not as they used to be. Recruiting sergeants in those days of long service were not nearly so keen in the detection of 'frauds ' (as they call men who enlist after discharge from another regiment), and it was easy enough for these old fellows to slip through. Anyway, that was certainly William Smith's good fortune; for once that queer recruit had taken his place in the ranks of the 110th there was the strongest wish on all sides that he might be able to finish his active career without the necessity of another move. '?*' Moreove.1y7.as a soldier-- he had his gpod; ?_?-,' , ... points, an(i~thpse of-.asort dear to ihis officers', hoarts. This ' utter ?blackguard'' was ' always civil, willing, and respectful when sober- that is to say, whenever he was on duty, and on parade he always turned out as clean and smart as new paint.:*; ^Indeed, so good was his churflDtfiV in £hi« -rpsnppfc thfli-.hr- mittlit: hnvo died in the corps if 'only he would hav'6' con fined his outbursts to his own barracks. Un happily for him, it was always in the town or 3n the canteen of some other regiment that be got on the spree, and this is the sort of thing that no self-respecting corps can stand. Men not unnaturally get. annoyed when they see a draggled, drunken scarecrow in their own uniform in the hands either of the civil police or of the picket of another regiment, and it was far too often William Smith's fate to figure so. It so happened that when it had been, not to mince matters, a disgrace to the 110th for something over five years, a change of com manding officers took place. There were those 4 who looked upon this as a special interference of Providence on his. behalf, for the old chief was growing weary of Smith's frequent lapses from straight walking, and had threatened, afterhis latest violation of his solemn pledges' of amendment, that he would- not overlook his misconduct again. But those who had ?thought so were speedily, undeceived, for even before his predecessor was gazetted out, the new chief set to work to prove to the Horse Guards his determination to free the regiment of all the doubtful members who had survived ?so long under the former's easy rule, and as a .first start, be fell upon William Smith. There was in those days a ready way of getting rid of undesirable soldiers by recom mending their discharge as ' incorrigible and worthless/characters.' Though no one could \- dispute the closeness with which this fitted Private Smith, nevertheless there were found plenty to intercede on his behalf. But their plea for one more chance fell this timo on deaf ears. Colonel- Masters was determined to strike terror into all evil-doers by at least one Gxample, and say what else they could, there was no. man among Smith's- well-wishers to deny that if there' was one typical blackguard to be selected, this was in common justice' the ' man. The end of it was that the recommenda tion went forward in the prescribed form. Private William Smith altogether refused to discuss the question with anybody, and only apoke out when he heard someone abusing his commanding ofBcer. Then he would break into strong language, roundly averring with many strange oaths thn^noy none of them knew what they were talking about, and that if Colonel Masters thought he ought to go for the good of the regiment, for his own part he was ? quite ready to believe that he was right. When one bolder than his fello,vs took the victim to' task on this point he was at once suppressed. '?-..' If you had known the Colonel as long as I have, young fellow,'' quoth that worthy, ' you'd know, too', that when he makes up his mind he is generally in the right.' ? The which oracular rimark left tho regiment more puzzled than aver.-.;.' -, ? ? - ?.':'... .: .? ; ' But at last the fatal answer' arrived, and the word went forth that Private sympathetic eyes;. followed him ashe marched across the barrack-square for perhaps the last time,- to have; the decision of the 'higher authority .communicated to him. It was remarked that';6f\the pair, the Colonel ?showed considerably more emotion than the soldier';-' for the latter stood smart and erect as iQver, and in the most approved .position before hisjodge, nnd in obedience to -the Sergeant Major's order', swung round in the 'right 4urn '' and marched quietly from the room. Younger and worse disciplined men might have-shown their disgust at. so ignominious a iate. 'but he did not. -\ ? Colonel Masters sat, back in his chair and 'begtinto beyery busy with- the next business brought before him. But if he thought he was :*id of William Smith he was wrong ; for a imoment later the Sergeant-Major was whisper ing something to the Adjutant, and this last, ?-rising from the chair beside his commanding ? officer; left the room. He^was absent for a few minutes, and as he sat down again, he remarked to the Colonel :' Smith would like ?to speak to you, Sir.' ; , ? V« 'March him. in, then,' was the answer, and a moment later Smith stood once more before 'his commanding officer,. and this time availing himself of his new position of 'freedom,' he. took a pace to the front without any word of command, aud held out his hand. \- ' Well, Smith, what; is it ?' asked Colonel Masters. ' Perhaps I/had bettor tell yOu once iox ftll that it is useless you trying to beg off now. You ought to have thought of that «erore you ? ' It wasn't that at all, sir,' replied the dis graee of the regiment, with a good-natured smile ou his face. ' It was only that you and I being old friends, I'd a notion I'd like to say ' good-bye to you before I went to the work house.' But all tho time the Colonel was staring at him as if he had seen a ghost. ' Who in heaven's name are you?' he demanded. ?' Why, sir, I am William Smith, just dis charged as an incorrigible and worthless charucter from this regiment. But it wasn't always this 'ivay with me, Sir. Time was when I was noithur a drunkard nor a blackguard, but as smart a yojng corporal as you'd wish to see. You and me joined tho old regiment much of a time, Sir, and was both posted to number nine company, within a week of each other. My namo in those days was ? ' But before he could finish, the other, who till tbat moment had sat spellbound, listening to the soldier he was dismissing in disgrace, had forced himself to his feet with a mighty effort. ' Stop ! ' he thundered, loud enough for the waiting orderlies outside to hear him. ' I want to hear no more ! I must have been blind not to have recognised you before ! Gentlemen,' turning to the wondering officers, ' I can tell you all about it in two words. This man saved my life at the risk of his own at Ferozeshah.' And without another word he rushed, shame-stricken by his misfortune, from the room. * * * * * It was a day or two before anyone saw the Colonel again. As for Smith, he went his ways, and no one quite knew what became of him after that memorable day. But the Adjutant somehow or other got hold of a strange yarn, which he confessed to believing, though he admitted that he had not one atom of proof. He declared that William Smith, reformed so far as such a man could hope to be, was living in his native village in the enjoyment of a comfortable pension, in amount rather more than what he could ever have earned in his regiment, which was paid to him not by a grateful country, but by the man whose life he had saved. By Major Bray in P.I.P. 