BOOKS AND BOOKMEN. IN Maoriland and other verses, published by the Bulletin Newspaper Company, Mr. Arthur H. Adams gives us a volume containing sixty seven pieces, thirty three of which have appeared in the Bulletin or other publications, while the remainder are now printed for the first time. Mr. Adams and his publishers religiously abstain in the title page from claiming that his works are poems. To them they are "Verses" or "pieces," but no reader will hesitate to admit that the volume is one of genuine poetry. The versification is for the most part elegant, the thought virile, the subject matter interesting and the fancy poetic. The author seems to have been chiefly influenced by Browning and Dante Rossetti, and though there is no plagiarism, this influence is here and there strikingly apparent. The mode of thought, choice and treatment of subject often suggest Browning, while lines of sensuous fanciful des cription, and turns of phrase are strongly reminiscent of Rossetti. Following a dedication by the author to his mother, come a number of pieces on Maoriland, mani festing Mr. Adams's close acquaintance with and love of his country, but less interesting otherwise, though one or two are more ambitious than the love motives which follow. In these Mr. Adams is perhaps at his best. Then comes a collection of sonnets-next " other verses " among which may be found a confession of the author's poetic faith in some lines on " The poet to be yet," who will not be a singer of some types enumerated But he who Sorrow's presence knows, Who hears the minor chords beneath The song of life, and feels the breath Upon his cheek of quiet death, Yet stirs and sings of life and love. Who in his suffering yet can sing; With that calm patience in his face The hopeless yearning of the race- Can chant the faith that holds its place, Up surging through each sore heart's speech. Who though his heart bleed, onward leads; Who knows eternal is our quest, Yet bids us toil and strive-not rest Who looks life o'er and takes its best This is the poet to be yet. The line quoted seem to us to better describe the philosophy and aspirations of the author than those with which he credits himself in the preceding piece, " Myself--My Song." Here aloof, I take my stand Alien, Iconoclast Poet of a newer land Confident, aggressive lonely, Product of the present only, Thinking nothing of the past. In this the poet does himself an injustice for one of his merits is a cosmopolitan broadness of thought with no hint of aggression, and an absence except where "newer lands" are his subject of insistence that he belongs to them. Pathos and melancholy, relieved by philosophic faith in ultimate good, and lightened by some charming conceits and word pictures, are the prevailing motive of much of Mr. Adams' work which deserves to be read for its manly thought and artistic expression. The New Woman finds in him one of her few poet friends:- So she shall tempt, and touch, and try, and taste, And in the wrestle of the world shall lose Her dimpled prettiness, her petals bruise; But moulding over to a truer type She shall return to man, no more abased His counterpart, a woman, rounded, rlpe. . Somk very pleasant reading is "to be found in A ,Cockney, in Arcadia, by Harry A. Spurr, with illustra tions by John Hassail and Cecil Aldin (George Alleu). Tho writer rogards himself as " a Cockney in the sentimental sense because I was ignorant of the life and customs, doings and thought ol' any land outside of flagged pavements." Pie "suspected that some subtle difference existed between straw and hay, but as both were wore,or loss;y.e11o\v, I had a shrewd idea that tho distinction wasnnly'a technical and trivial one." Ons of the best chapters is descriptive of a village concert in ghe Temperance'canso, "sjielt throughout tho evening with a capital T." In Arcadia, the -Superlative She and "Mr Superlative Sho " have several visitors, prominent among .whom are the small boy, Doody, and the .Elderly Visitor whose "path in life is thickly strewn I with things that she ought to have said otherwise," and who invariably " either gives a person, u wi'onjj; name or, I failing that, mispronounces his right one," and yet "as | she sits by our liresicle with her silver hair and golden spectacles none of our neighbours notice the little slips of tongue and memory; they feel only the smiling courtesy, simple dignity and homely sympathy of her manner-of all our guests, the Guest of Honour, the "TWSVthigpfc and the most welcome." Mr Superlative She Js i ^|tocijh,u enough to weary ol' town and Cockney for London. He sums up his position ;in some\to6aB with which the volume closes : 01 99"lio<"o!fco live where Hoav'n doth give, ,^£p tofl the boon of peace; s <-iUUiefp,i'oofa gleam red, where overhead ..The' songbirds never coase; . /' i?' ' eW-Koi'e trees wave high and meadows lie .-rcaec3*8" About the quiet street, "Where toil is strong, and hearts are strong, And life is staid and sweet. Yet, . It's oil for the jingle of tho hansom eaAn, And tho buses that crawl up and down, And the roar and heat and sound Of the grimy underground, And the sti-eets of London town.'' ??'Thefrontispiece is an altogether delightful present ment of a cockney in top-hat, shirt sleeves, and check trousers tied up with red ribbons, sitting in a scene of Arcadian simplicity, gently tootling on his umbrella what time two doves and a pig of beatific expression drink in the melody. Those who can swallow a practically impossible plot, if plot it can be called, will find Virtue'* Tragedy by Ell' Kaye worth veading. Some of the characters are i very well drawn, amongst the bosfc being MaPaohesham, and Lacly George JBohun, who figured as ono of tho two loading ladies in Her Ladj/tihip'ti Income, and who still retains enough of the pavvenu to _ mildly rosent the derision -which ,meets the mention of Lord George as a "gentleman." Jit a or more formally Lady Pachosham Is a type of theUrltish matron in her most virtuous and most managing form. Her son " had run away to sea; , had-..been 'fetched. back by his father with a promise that mothor vwon't intovfeve, and had, lean' sont to the Britannic since the navy was his dream and mother was such a thumping bad sailor, she couldn't get af tor him." The best part of the book is tho dialoguo which is at times really clever and is nover dull; and if tho strain after oplgram is'sometimes evident, it is not prolonged. Virtue?* Trttycdy is published Library. M Queen's ColJ S.vilnev | ?''Ul'ely cluinniiV' t .?rsuwniKs in bluckn' IS not so "S doubt if it Win 4i« _? -uthful mind, T]P^ ?'-breadth, but olj ?'X'ciate many 0l Bubbles, Ilia Book, is n purelv written by B. F. Fi'omc, illusi; published by William Brook Brisbane. The illustrations ai . colouring being original and tk white exquisitively graceful. 'J" as some o£ the writing, and appeal as a fairy tale to the escapes are not sufficiently lu readers can scarcely fail to up passages. From the Land of the Wombat, "Willinm « "i «lir "Coo.»»" (John Long) , \M collection oE Australian fj'|1P tvn gradients are present - up -nt.-y ruee' luislirangei's, lost child, annlcec. ghosts, o0](\ . f1 aborigines, rabbits, kangaroos- -hut, they' m-c Un!Hll mixed, and the consistency is not good. We 1 .]'¥ that some of the stories are menul"to be tra"! Mi others comic, but beyond very easily discornin(till many are melodramatic, and none quite worth reluM we have not been able to decide which is which tiioul'l we feel pretty sure that .-1 Ilitbhit station, dealing 'Jf does almost exclusively with delirium tremens, nnVtf meant to amuse. ' ' AMONG .the publications which it is said may be looked for are The Wixdom of the ll'i.u', ailnumil John Oliver Hobbes, whoso drama or the .1 however it went, on the stage, was not a reading nhf and the once much tnlked- of sequel to HcnUmaM Tommy. It is also said of Mr. Barrio thai, not contof with literary honours, he is anxious to rqireseutf Jjnnai'kshive division in the House. Hai.Tj Caine has been recently described as " a «ies landed magnate in the Isle of Man.' Siu Edmund Antvobus, it is said, has oilfoiert tosl " Stonehenge," 1800 acres, to the War olliee, T ..£125,000. The most popular book of the season, nccordinj; the publishers' circular, has undoubtedly been Mil Fowler's novel, A Double Thread. Miss Fowler is safl to be contemplating a dramatic version. Miss Ethel Qviinn in The Well-Sinker* |l'i Unwin's Overseas Library), has not chosen to depict tlfl bright si'le ot Australian life nov the dramatic. Sh| has laid her scone " out-hack," her characters live (ol the most part in" a flapping time-worn tent, vnvinjf long streamers of canvas in the hot north wind, wiih j few tumble-down bush sheds around it." The plotr of the slightest; and there is little description, hut iM droughts' and* rabbit -pest-- the familiar furies of Ansa tralian life-are drawn in a few clear stmke love sto'v'y is a tragedy of conmumyWiec clmmetev*. yog it is with regret that we " leave the time-worn tlai>i>in|| tent to -flap with a weary sigh. Leave the tall »w t| overlook the weary plains. Leave them nil, imd elosg tho pages of a disappointing story of a disappointiM land." 