PURGATORY. According to announcement Mr. Cookson delivered an address on the above subject, in the Lyceum Hall, on -Wednesday evening last. The hall was crowded, and J. Ab bott, Esq., J, P., was moved to llie chair. - - Mr. Abbott briefly introduced the speaker ; juid claimed for him a pa tient hearing. Mr. Cookson then came forward, and deliveredliis address as follows : — Me. Chairman, Ladies and Gentle* men, — 1 hold in my hand two books. They are copies of one ; excepting, of course, those parts called the Apocry pha, which are not contaiued in this one which I hold in my right . hand. Now, at.the outset, I wish to impress ' upon you that ' bur Protestant New Testament is a direct translation irom the Greek in which language the j|os pe's and epistles were originally wiit ten. But, the Douay or Roman Cath olic version is not so. It was li ret translated from1, the 'Gfcek into the Latin and from that into the English. Now, it is easy to see from this that our version stands/the better chance of being free from error and corruption, seeing it had not to go through what is a dead language, the Latin. But some might object, and tay : 'That cannot be true, unless it is proven that the scholars who translated it were at least equal to the other translators.' Granted, but who but a confirmed big ot who knows anything of the Bible would affirm that they were not so. Why I call your attention to' this is to 1 disabuse the minds of some who may be present of the idea, that our Bible is a specially prepared one to condemn the Roman Catholic Religion. ' IT IS SOT SO. However, instead of using it I shall use the Douay Bible for all that I have to prove tonight. In dealing with our subject, I shall tread somewhat in the footsteps of father O'Regan, keeping my garments clean of the filth which so characterised him. He ridiculed the idea that the Bible is a sufficient role of faith. And 110 wonder ; be cause were he to admit it to be to, Purgatory for one thing would have no part in bis creed ; and, consequently put less money in his pocket. He was great on ' the OBAL PART OP THE WORD OF GOD,' but was careful enough not to show hi audience how most of that which is claimed to be the unwritten Word of God flatly contradicts that which is written. He has left us to show this. Now, God never contradicts Himself, therefore, as the Douay Bible sny6 : To the law rather, and to the testimony. . And if they speak not according to this Word, .they shall not have the morning, light.' _ Or, as our version more EweepingJyjojits jt, ' R is because there is no ligltfTIn them,' Isa, 8.20. Whatever, therefore, is claimed to be the Word. ofj.God, -must square with what is.-written. otherwise it is to be rejected. Ano.ther thing I observed was, -that-he .kept hip audience in the dark that -it was through the scriptures, and them alone, that our Lord in His great temptation in the wilderness put Satan to flight,-. It is written,' and there He rested. . So also with the Phar isees and Sadducees : to the one it was ' How readest thou,' totbe other, ' Ye do err not knowing the scriptures. The Apostles followed the same example, and their question was, ' What saith the scripture ?' Rom. 4. This uniform cry has been altered to ' WHAT , SAITH THE CHURCH 1' The Spirit of God evidently forestalled Rather O'Regan when he prompted St. Paul to say, ' To write the same things to you, to me indeed is not wearisome, hut to yon is necessary,' Phill. 3.1. Or, as our version has it, ' But for you it is safe.' Yes, as the Old Testament scriptures were a safeguard against the ' oral, or unwritten Word' of the Pharisees, which tradition set aside the commands of God, so the New Testa ment scriptures are against the Phari saical traditions of the Romish Church. As we proceed wo shall see how much this ' oral word' is to be trusted. WHAT CONVERTED YOU, from the church ?' said/Father O'Regan inTaree, last Saturday. 1 replied 'The Bible ; and if you read it, aud went by it, it would convert you also.' This accounts 'for his warmth when he de nounced me as one ' carting about Bibles.'- --He is a bit nervous, as well he might be, about the free course of these -books:' He has evidently studied church' hiatdTy, I and : does ? not , forget whab Bibles have done for England. And,' fl-oitrbis talkj'Iie 'must have been in the North of Ireland,' and seen the influence d! the book in brightening, the hearts and homes of christians there This must JjftVA.mqslphim savage, when he got back to where Romanism reigns, in superstition, dirt, and poverty. I speak from experience, for I have been in Ireland, and could see with my own eyes.: He spoke the truth for once in his life, last Sunday morning, when he said that my EDUCATION 'HAD BEEN NEGLECTED in my youth : but his application of that truth, like most truths in his handB, was wrong. It was owing to my lack of proper education that I was detained so long in the Roman church ; . and if. he will read the account of my conversion, as written by myself, he will at once see that it must have been sadly neglected indeed when I was so ea sily befooled into the doing of such silly things as therein mentioned. His re marks' on this score are admirably ap plicable to all the members of his church, for nothing less than 'neglected education keeps them where they are today. This neglect, as pages 6 and 7 of my own book says, results in ' Ig norance, of. the word of God.' I have been told that the priests are educated men and gentlemen but, as Father O'Regan opened his mouth, and poured forth suoh a torrent of filthy abuse up on protestants and orangemen, I ima gined a covering had ljurst off a cess pool, the contents of which were flood ing the hall. He was pretty free with his remarks about the immorality of protestants ; giving as proof the statis tics from some protest.au'. writer, but not the name. I should like to have heard the name. However, he need not cry out so much, for if the convents etc., were open to public inspection and we had the true statistics of them, the figures would come out far differently. We will now deal with our subject as advertised — Purgatory : ' What it is, Where it is, 'Woo are consigned there.' WHAT it is, Were I to give a definition in my own words, I would say, It is an improved edition, or better still, a curtailed con dition of bell, In other words, hell Cut Bhort. not for the enemies of God ; but, as Father O'Regau said, for the '? friends of God.' Here is a sample — ' There are numbers of men which no arithmetic can reckon up, all lying on the ground, pierced through the body. They uttered hoarse cries of agony, their tongues cleaving to their jaws They were buffetted by violeut tempests, and shattered by repeated blows of devils. The devils drove them into another plain, horrible with ex quisite tortures. Some with iron chains about their necks aud limbs, were sus pended over the fires ; others were burned with red hot cinders. Not a few were transfixed with spits and roasted, melted metal being poured in to them. Alas for those who do not penance in this world.' Extracted from ' O'Sullivan's Compendium of Catholic History of Ireland, signed and autiiorised by cardinals, archbishops, and bishops — bearing date 1621, vol. 1, lib. 2., cap. 8, p. 24.' Now I main tain that Purgatory, according to this, and pictures of like nature, sanctioned by the same church, is nothing less than a fiendish caricature of the charac ter of God the Father. He torture His friends thus ! Torment and torture those who stand in blessed relationship of children to Him ! Those who are taught of His Spirit to affectionately address Him as ' Our Father;' and to confide in Him as such. No, it is a base, hellish, infernal lie. The being who can do this is not He whom the Bible describes as delighting in mercy, ready to forgive, whose compassions fail not ; and who is Love.' Secondly, it is a base libel upon the atoning work of God the Son, He said upon the cross, ' It is finished.' Purgatory says, No ; it is only part finished. He only atoned for the greater sins, christians have to atone for the lesser ones ; HU blood is not powarful enough for them, In fact, if we admit that His blood is efficacious enough for all ain, then we speak according to the scripture ; and we are redeemed, as St. Peter says, not with silver orgold, but with the precious ?blood of Christ.' But, oh 1 look at the money we lose by so speaking. No, no, no, we can't afford .it ; there must, there must be a Purgatory says tbe Pope, and all his followers say, Amen, and Amen. Thirdly, it is a direct insult to the sanctifying work of God the Holy Spirit. We become the children bf God by birth. Born of HiB Word aud Spirit, compare John 3 c., 5 v., with 1 Pet. 1 c., 23 v. And by these we are fitted for glory. Several pas sages were here quoted in proof. But, Rome says, Purgatory fits us for that. Well, all I can say is Amen to what St. Paul said, namely, ? Let God be true, but every man,' Pope included, 'a liar.' Therefore, let him who dares contradict God's revealed mind, bear the awful burden of his guilt. where it is Rome has not defined the exact locality, but declares that it is in the unseen world whither the faithful depart immediately after death. This is partly, true, let me give you the whole truth. 1 claim to be an iufalliable Pope for once, as I speak ex cathedra for God, when I assert that Purgatory is, as Rome says, in the unseen ; which I interpret as the mental or the demen tal sphere, tbe exact locality being the carnal mind of cruel, unjust, wicked, fiendish man ; from whence also sprang that horrible unchristiau instrument of fiendish torture, tbe Inquisition, which protestants are too prone to forget, Purgatory is nOw located. WHO ARE CONSIGNED THERE ? ' The friends of God,' so Father O'Regan said ; - and this bis church teaches. According to him, I shall not be there, for I am an apostate. Thank God, (for between him and me 'there isa.great gulf.', Mr. Stewart will not be there, 'tnor orangemen, nor protes tants; t nickname^ ; s' non-catholics.'. Well, 1 am sure, ye shall not lose any thing.by that, seeing our, Purgatory is here, r- That, is, ' the precious blood of Christ.'. We -have no desire for that place ; but, like-Paul, when we depart, our '? desire is to be with Christ which is far better.' Although money cannot, be taken for Mass to be said to get protestants out of Purgatory, because they are not there, yet I observed that when tbe place went round protestant money was received therein ; but mine remained in my pocket for better uses. When my hand helps popery, I'll serve it as Cranmer did his, burn it off. We will linger a little upon the plate mat ter, as it is very instructive and needs being dealt with. What wp are in great need of is that class of^protes tants who have no half measures about them. To illustrate my meaning, let me give you a story I once heard. A certain gentleman owned a very val uable but ferocious dog. Passing a sentry one day, this dog flew at' the man, whereupon he shot him dead. 'The owner was very angry and de manded why he did so. The sentry replied, ' Because I had no desire to be bitten by the brnte.' But, ' Why did you hot take the butt end of your rifle 1' said he. ' So I would,' replied the sentry, ' if he had come at me with his tail.' This man, evidently was not ; ? : ? re ? a man of half measures ; let us not be so either. As Popery is approaching ns with its teeth, let us be out and out against it. I have something more for you. Listen: 'The most remarkable thing, said the Bishop, is that Mr. Thorpe is a non-catholic, and that that gentleman first gave the ground that the church was built on free, and then he left no stones unturned until the church was built and blessed and opened for service.' Bishop Murray's address, Laurieton, Feb. 4th, 1899. Catch a Roman doing as much for a heretic protestant. Surely this gentle man must have been indulging in Mr. Reid's ' Yes-No Baby Mixture' as. ad- vertised in the Bulletin. Now as to the authorities that are put forth in SUPPORT OP PURGATORY. First, the liturgies. Time will only permit reference to one, one of the earliest, ascribed to St. James the Apostle. If this be true, how comes it, 1. That mention is made therein of confessors t A term Cardinal Bellar uiine admits to have been unknown in the days of St. James. 2. How comes it that thereiu are quotations from the Epistle of St. Paul? Which Epistles were not written till after James was dead. 3. How comes it that the doxology and trisagion or sancius and gloria pairia, are contained therein? When these forms were not used or gene rally recognised until the fifth century. 4\. How comes it that the term, ' the Mother of God,' is contained therein ? when this distinctive term, as now applied, was unknown in the time of St. James. 5, How comes it that the Holy Ghost is therein declared to he consubstantial with the Son? And yet, no mention is made either of this, or the Virgin being therein called the Mother of God, either by the Council of Nice, or tbe Council of Ephesus who met to consider these vexed questions. 6\. How comes it that therein are collects for persons shut up in monas teries and .convents ? when no sane Roman Catholic would dare assert that these things existed in the time of St. James. Neither did 'incense and altars,' yet they are mentioned in this liturgy. So much for this feundation of sand. Second, the unanimous con sent of the fathers and Scripture. The Apocrypha, what do they say about tbem ? 1, Origen, A.D. 200, in his catalogue of the inspireh books, never mentions one of them. 2. St. Athana sius rejects all but the Book of Baruch. 3\. The Catalogue of the Canon -of St. Epipbenius, A.D,, 358, does not include one of tbem. Neither do the three following : Gregory of Nazianzen ; Amphilochius, A.D., 370 ; and Jerome, A.D., 392. And, what is still greater as applying to our subject, POPE GREGORY THE GREAT, A.D., 520, rejects the books of the Maccabees, the very books so fondly referred to in proof of Purgatory. Now, seeing the early fathers are against those of later date, let me finish by |a .king, how comes it that the Jews, who were the depositories of the inspired books of the Old Testament, never received them ? How comes it that they were never written in the Hebrew language, as tbe inspired books were, never quoted by our Lord nor His apostles, and never recognised in tbe catalogue given of the inspired books by tbe great Jewish Historian Josepbus? Let Father O'Regan answer these questions. Let us now examine some Scriptures. Matt. 5-25, to begin 1 Are the fathers agreed upon this passage ? They are all at variance as to the mean ing of tbe adversary, the officer, the prison, and the last farthing. Cardinal Bellarmine gives four who believe ad versary to mean ' the devil ' ; others to mean ' tbe flesh.' Three, that it means ' another man.' And himself, with five others, that it means 'THE LAW OP GOD.' Chrysostom, according to the Cardinal, gives a mcaniDg which ' is not probable,' because he makes the passage relate literally to the things of this life. I believe him right. The adversary is the creditor, I am the debtor. He is about to have me before the court. I meet him. Now is my chance, let me come to an agreeaient with him, or I shall be adjudged guilty, delivered to tbe officer or sheriff, and cast into prison until the debt is paid. Now apply this to spiritual things, I am a sinner, in debt to God. I can't pay for 'lam sold under sin.' What am I to do? Treat the whole matter indifferently ? No, should I do this, prison is my portion. What then ? Con fessmyjdebtorship, accept Him who discharges the debt -of all who believe, and thus come to an agreement with God ; for, as the Douay Bible declares, ' Behold, now is the day of salvation. For God was in Christ, reconciling tho world to himself, not imputing to them their sins,' Observe if this passage refers to Pur gatary, it places the Roman Catholic in the position of having God as his adversary ; hut ' friends' not adversaries are cast into Pur gatory, they say. Jb urther, the text says, he himself shall pay the uttermost farthing ; but Pnrgatory says, ' Not so, let his friends pay, the priest.' And the argument that the word ' till' oannot mean for ever, is as round as they who make it ; for God says : I am till you grow old. Who dare infer that God should then cease to be. Footnote, Matt. 11-25, Douay Bible. Next Matt. 1 2-32. If this passage proves that some sine will be forgiven in the world to come, it needs to be proved that thoy will be forgiven differently to how they are now, that is, through repentance and faith, before it can possibly favour Purgatory. According to Matt. 5, it is said, rmiGATOi'.y is foe paying a debt, but this speaks of forgiveness. When I was in Sydney, I paid a man someenoney I owed bim ; now observe, he said to me, on receiv ing payment, ' Thank you, I forgive you.' ' Forgive me; what do you mean ? Why sir, do you mean to insult me, I have paid you what I owe and need none of your forgive ness.' This is how I should deal with a ease like that: Now if you want to know the meaning of paying off a debt, say it means getting forgiveness, and try it on with your grocers when you have to hand up the cash. Ah! so p-a-y-m-e-n-t spells f-o-r-g-i-v-e-n-e-s-s, does it ? So much tor the . education of Borne. The . parallel passage, in Mark settles the meaning of 'shall never be forgiven neither in this world, neither in the world to come.' This is' a strong mode of stating ' Hath never forgiveness,' Mark 3, 29.. Next let us deal with 1 Oor. 8. Here we are told that ' fire' means Purgatory. Now, observe it is here -stated the ' fire shall try every man's work of what sort it is.' But Purgatory is for purifying, not trying. Father O'Began made a great mistake when he attacked me about my education ; for listen, he said only ' some' go to Purgatory, but this passage speaks of 'every man's work being tried,*' therefore 'every' means 'some.' Again, 'try' means 'purify.' ' W-o- r-k' spells s--u-l. And 'fire' spells Purgatory. Why I'll let any man come on the platform and quarter me if such a word is in the New Testament. Is it any wonder that the Roman Catholic Church is opposed to public educa tion? In the public schools children are taught the right meaning of iwotds, but this docs not suit Rome, hence her opposition. She likes to teach her own, and here is a sample of her educational process. We cry out for the unanimous consent of the fathers upon these passages, but we cry and cry and cry in vain, As the prophets of Baal called upon their god, cutting, hacking, and lashing themselves, hut received no answer, so may the Romanist cry out for this, their god, the unanimous CONSENT OF THE FATHEBS, upon these passage, and never get an answer, for the simple reason there is no unanimous consent. Observe, then, Purgatory is for purifying, this fire is for trying ; that is for souls, this is for work ; that is for some, this is for every man. Now, reconcile them, if you can. We will now deal with 1 Peter, 3 19\. To begin, prison in thi6 place, according to the Church of Rome, spells Purgatory ; but, this taken to mean Purgatory iB fatal for them, because their Bible teaches that those confined in that prison were ;? incredulous ' ; see verse 20, that is to say, they ..were un believing, which is a mortal sin. But only those guilty of venial 6ui go to Purgatory ; therefor,.-, tbey could not be there. Now, the meaning is clear, when we remember that their Bible declares that holy men of old — ' spoke, inspired by the Holy Ghost' It was by this spirit in the person of Noah, who is called ' a preacher of righteousness,' that Christ preached the gospel while the ark was preparing. They were in the /rison of unbelief, nevertheless, as now, tlfe gospel was proclaimed, for the ark spoke'of Christ as well as Noali's words. Obsqfve, also, Purgatory is for veuial, not mortal sin ; but God's word declares I ALL SIN MOBTAL. It banishes the soul from Iiis jresence for ever. The argument for venial jin is ' the just man falleth seven times ard risetli up again ' ; not mortally, for tlien he were no loDger just, but venially, Pepr was a just man, was his fall only venial? /David's also. And Moses ; he only spoke unadvisedly with his lips, what Father O'Rean called ' a small lie,' referring to a child, out itexcluded Moses from the promised laad. There is only one remedy for sin — call it by what name you choose— and that it the blood of the Lamb. It is not whal man makes sin to he but what God declares it to be ; so the remedy is not what max provides but ' what saith the scriptures.' In conclusion, Father O'Regan's argument that the Jews prayed for the dead, if true, proveE nothing ; for our Lord said to ihem ' Well do you make void the commtndment of God that you may keep your own tradition.' And again, ' In vain do the- worship me, .teaching doctrines and preceptsof men.' But pray ing for the dead does njt establish Purgatory. It has yet to be proved that those who pray for the dead, pray to get them out of a place of punishment, and no: that they pray that they may be brought into the full enjoyment of bliss, into which they bare only entered now in part. Mr. Cookson leartily thanked the audience for the pitient and sympathalio hearing they had given him;; and a hearty vote of thanks to the lecturer and to the chairman brought the meeting to a close. 