A GHOSTLY APPEARANCE AT AUBURN.; EXCITEMENT IN THE NEIGHBOR. HOOD. Tho' Borne sceptics may den.v belief in visitants from another sphere, yet with tho majority of folk tho belief dies hard. Mies Marner, of '"Lumington," Victoria road, Auburn, Victoria, has moro than onco Been something resembling u ghost-when, for instance, she looked in her mirror, so de bilitated was she by many months' illness. She says : " X commenced, some two years ago, to feel very ill after returning home from school. I did not feel sufficiently unwell to take to my bed, but experienced a continued languid feeling that made mo most miserable. Father took mo to sco a doctor, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do to, there was 110 fear of my disobeying this order, and I took tie ''quinine tonic" given me, with regularity. Then 1 com menced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest." " We tried every tiling to induce sleep," interposed Mr Marncr, "but without effect; then X' consulted a well-known Col lins-street practitioner. He said my daugh ter was sufferkig principally from weakness, and advised a change. Xler mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but sho returned looking worBo. Sho would also rotch on rising in tUo morning ; any food taken could not bo kept down. Sho lost flesh and became a mere ghost." " This timo last year," said Miss Alice, " I weighed 7st 31b, now I ain 9st 71b." " A groat improvement; your treatment must have been beneficial ? " "No; all the medicine I got did me very little good. Actually, Dr Williams' Pinlc Pills for Palo People deserve that credit. Just beforo tho Jubilee holidays, father bought mo a box of Dr Williams' Pink Pills, at Mr Ploosanco'p, Chapel-street, Prahan ; thoy did me so much good that I continued with them. It is a long timo since I discontinued taking them, and I am now as healthy as anyone could wish." " And you would recommend them ?" "Yes; and that strongly, too," paid Mr Marner, "had I known"of Dr Williams' Pink Pills two years before, it would have saved m# a hundred pounds." There arc many readers who may bo for tunate onough_to savo their pockets if they act ai^tbls;y6unjjr;:-lady did. Dr Williams' Pink^illsjvillcufeantiraia, wcakhcart, slcop les/ne&fBCrofula;, consumption, chronic ery siaela/, detUKyj^ndigestion,- liver and kidney disease's, and' client and lung \troubles, pale ontMallow complexions, paralysis, locomotor ataxia^J.neuralgia, St. Vitus1 danco, and norvous'lieadache, and all nervous disorders. They aro sold by chemists "and storekeepers, and by the Dr Williams' Medicino Company, earn of Rocke. Tompsitt and Co., Elinders- j street, Melbourne, at two and nine a box. or six for fifteen and threepence, but aro genuino only with tho full name (sevc.n words), Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Palo People, on each ' box, Thousands have testified to their cura tive powers, - 