jMARTIN GASH ; I . OR 1IIE ^ .- [?] \ , ? , ' ? ? - I in Historical Narrative of ib» § : Early Days, from Hie Diary ] of mi Old .Colonist i rf,i_. « (IN SEVENTEEN PARTS ) ] PART XVI. j Talcing about six pounds of gun l-owder, the leader advanced cautiously but quickly towotds the circular build ing, #iiich was not more than one hun dred jAtcU distant, and soon reached it There was a small recsss close to the ground in tlie stonework evidently for drainage purposes, and into this Cash inserted tbe powder, A train was isua out foV some distance and the aperture of the recess parti; closed by a log which lay dose at hand. Wheh all was ready the powder train, was ignited, and, raising bis right arm as a signal to his comrades, Cash drew a pistol and ran round the building. The huge dqg in front at once espied him, but almost ere it could bay the bushranger fired and killed it The distance between this round siructkre and this homestead proper was riot more than fifty yards, abd it did not lake many seconds for so fleet a runner as ^ash, to cover it. Short as was the time, however, the explosion occurred before the door was reached, and just as a rnan, bent almost doable with age,«ametoit a terrible blast took place. The volume of smoke which shot up obscured the greater part of the struc ture 'for a time, but as it cleared away the full effects of the explosion were apparent. The loosely built stones were hurled and thrown about in all directions — in fact the- place had col lapsed. The howls of the wounded and during dogs were terrific, and the. sight arid the noise seemed to paralyze the old man who had come to an swer the door, and was no other than Apsley himself. 'Surrender or you are a dead man. i I am Martin Cash, the bushranger. If any resistance is made I'll not scruple to take life, so be wise and yield with out trouble!' the leader cried as he confronted the aged owner of the farm house. By this time Cash was joined by his two comrades, and though several men belonging lo the farm made their ap jicarance from different places, they were all manned and entirely at -the mcrcy of the outlaws. To resist meant death. They had all heard of Martin Cash and his comrades and were not disposed to irritate them by useless re sistance,. 'MSpn^Se/, the summary measures takei)io* 3estroythe dogs had a salutary cffect'ori them - Irani the bushrangers' pointy o1-View. Evjjfy one of the animaisjiad been killed or seriously, i njureflif^t -explosion arid the falling stones, and the sight was a pitiableone as the wounded animals dragged them selves about howling with pain. 'Let we get pistols and put these poor creatures out of their agony,' pleaded the old man as he watched his favorite dogs. ' I'il save you the trouble. It's best to shoot them, nodoubt Watch these people for a few minutes,' the leader said to his fellow-outlaws as he strode towards the kennels. There were — so for as be could see six iyll grown dogs in the place and four puppies. Only three remained alive, and Cash soon put them out of pain by shooting them. This done, be turned towards the homestead and be gan the serious business of the day. 'Muster all your servants in the kitchen, and mind no one is left out,' he said to the old man, who Jones told him was Apsley. TweJatter did not nuke any demur to tbis order but at once obeyed it Indeed, die employees scarcely wanted telling for they turned into a large wing t-n the south side of the home stead which was used as the kitchen and common dining-room. There were a dozen male-servants at the farm and three female- servants, but four of the former were in the outfields. They had hegrd the explosion and were now returning to the homestead in con siderable perturbation. Of course they had no idea of what had really hap pened, but naturally suspected that the powder which Apsley kept in the house had exploded Kavanagh, who remained outside, saw these workers coming across the paddocks, and he went inside until tbey came close to the house. Then going but lie covered diem with his muKci aura (jiuaij nurcaca mem id . to their prisoner comrades. 'I don't see young Apsley amongst tbe crowd,' ^ijl Jones to his chief. ' Where is your son f' curtly asked Cash of the old man. ' Myjbn?' repeated Apsley senior rather startled. 'Mj son? Oh yes. He Is in Hobart Town. Went away a couple' of days ago on business,' he concluded, in a rather jerky sort of manner. The answer seemed to satisfy the busfuangers, who £aid nothing further onthifpoint but proceeded to make therh^vesis totSfoftable as possible. The larder of Apsley farm was well stocked, and Cash ordered the best food in the house , to be prepared for all hands. He 'desired- to ingratiate himself with the employees, as it was always wise to conciliate them. ' I intend to stop here a couple of days, Apsley,' he began, ' and in the meantime I'll take care of your fire arras. Let me have every weapon of tiwi sort in the house, and I can pro mise jou will not be molested There must be no ueachiry. If there is, you tnqjr what will result.' The farmer spoketo one of the men, telling him lo show the outlaw where tliearms were kept, and in ten minutes the:?, chief had them all secured in a 'corner of thelarge room. These which were loaded he drew the chaises from, andihat done, he proceeded to do full justice to the excellent repast set before him. There was plenty of strong drink |i!a(%d on the table, .but the outlaws *cte not foolish enough to indulge too \- freely in it. . In fact, sobriety was one '? -t i the main factors attending the sue ccs of Cash's gang. It was now rapidly drawing on to . *irds evening, and the bushrangers rensuited as. to the best method of -'pinoing ihe night Thty detiiedta get what rest , w«|vppssitile -Under the cii&fnstances;, 'aiid jrbrjthat purpose Cjsh told the servants that they could retire to rest at the usual time, but the men must sl«p in the kitchen and the wotnenintheir ©wniquarters. By ilift arriHigemennwo ofthe convicts would be able to sleep while the other one mounted guard over thetinamied em ployees. ? This suited the latter well enotigh, and, truth to say, when 'they found there was no .danger of brutal treat ment from the outlaws they rather en joyed the diversion. It really ; meant relaxation to them at the expense of the master, for while the bushrangers remained no work would be done In addition they would eat and drink of the best, and altogether their lot would be much better than .under the ordinary routine of life. The only person who looked par ticularly gloomy, and indeed vengeful, was old Apsley. For the first time in thirty years the farm had been success fully raided and his trusty dogs, de stroyed without him having a chance to fire a shot. Still a look ot hope' sometimes flitted across his face as he sat moodily before the spacious fire place. Cash noticed his dejection, and said 7^-' This is the first time I be lieve, Apsley, you havener bad to en tertain bushrangers. I must say yon do it well, and we will always think 1 gratefully of you.' j The old man turned fiercely and ex claimed ' You may never get a chance to be grateful. You've come to j Apsley Farm, but you haven't got away yet Don't make too sure of anything in this place 1' The outlaws only laughed at the old man's chagrin and ceased to torment him. Cash was chivalrous enough to see his great age should at least pro tect him from insult A couple of hours later silence and sleep was or dered, and soon the inmates of Apsley Farm were either slumbering or trying to do so. Each outlaw took a turn on guard and the night passed without in cident Cash was in no hurry to leave his comfortable quarters, and decided to remain another night on the farm, as he had stated. The convicts did not fear pursuit for several days longer, and their disposition was to tempt attack rather than run away from-it Indeed, the three men intended to have a short life— for they looked upon that as in evitable—and to make it as merry as [ possible. They did not care to live | like wild beasts hunted from one | covert to another and suffering priva tions and dangers.' During the day the outlaws held high revel. Those of the servants who could sing or dance were cempelled to do so, though the compulsion was not of a severe nature. Apsley, of course, was not asked to take part in this on ac count of his age, but a careful watch was. kept on him. The old man spent the time wander ing around, and often going to the front door, he would gaze long and earnestly in the direction where Oat lands lays as if he hoped tor succor from that quarter. He had heard of the desperate character of Cash and his comrades, and knew they were quite ready to fight a company of soldiers, as they had done, and that fact occasioned Apsley not a little uneasiness. As evening drew on the same pre parations as were made on the previous night were carried out During the day the outlaws had possessed them selves of all the money -rhich was in place. This amounted to £64. They had also secured the most valuable of the firearms and additional ammuni tion. A bullet-mould was also taken, their own having been lost. Cash decided to take the first watch himself, and this began shortly after nine o'clock— early to bed and early to rise being a maxim practised in Van Dieman's Land in those days by the settlers. The large room where the employees were kept captive was, as already stated, a wing of the home stead, and from its door a good view could be obtained around. Before ten o'clock the whole house hold was apparently asleep, and the guard passed most of his time walking to and fro just outside the room and in front of the house, taking an occa sional look into the apartment to see that all was well. It was while thus engaged shortly after ten o'clock that the silence of the night, which was almost oppressive in its intensity, was suddenly broken by the deep baying of a dog close at hand. Tbe sound appeared to come from the 1 vicinity of the demolished kennels, and the grim warning did not fall unheeded on the acute ears of Cash. Going into the room, he called up Jones. Kavanagh was already sitting up, the sound having awakened him, and old Apsley was also very wide awake and not able to conceal his agitation, though the outlaws aid not notice it being otherwise engaged 'There is something the matter,1 Jones. We could not have killed all j the dogs. There is one outside now, 1 unless ' — and Cash laughed, queerly — ' it is a ghost of one of the brutes we killed.' 'Dogs!' repeated Jones, jumping up. ' Then there is something wrong,' —and be seized bis weapons—*' Yoyng Apsley must have returned, and wc'il have to be careful.' The three men were now very wide awake and fully armed— indeed, almost ovcrarmed Each had four pistois and two muskets, besides a sort of cutlass, j Going to the door, they were speedily ; convinced there was something wrong j as the commotion at the late kennels was considerable. There must have been several dogs, by tbe noise, and no doubt they had human comrades with them. The night was very dark, and Cash expressed his intention of going to the west side of the house to try and really ascertain wh t was the matter. Jones advised him not to do so on account of the dogs, but the outlaw chief only laughed at his fears. Kavanagh remained at the outside door, while Jones kept guard over those inside and rather anxiously awaited the leader's return. Cash quite knew the risk of discovery he ran, but be loved danger and was equal to every emergency: He bad just attained his objective point wben be instinctively fell some thing was near him. Both .muskets were at lull cock and ready for use, but he could not see tbe foe though be felt one was close to tiira. He was not kept long in suspense, for in ^ dark ness a few feet sway there suddenly gleamed a -^ir irffiery eyciL and the . next instant, wlth' a1oWy'«aiv^e^ro.wl, a huge bloodhound sprang upon lhe - outlaw.^ ..; _ * He instantly fired, but the shot only slightly wounded the infuriated animal and the next moment Hftad made a spring at his throat With.* the arm the inah kept it frojn thatipart, but its fangs fastened into the ileshy partof his left forearm. Dropping the firearms, Cash drew die cutlass -and begim to slash -tbe brute. This was a:wise act anil pro bably saved his lifc. Using.all -his immense strength, a few cuts of the weapon— one of which half severed its' body — laid it dying on the£Taund, and not a moment too soon. He had scarcely time to draw a pistol when an other hound was upon, him, but this time his shot was lucky and laid it low. ( TO -BE CONTINUED.) 