THE PEDDLERS' PACK. ' It ain't a very pleasant story,' said tho landlord of tho Long Pock, ' but I like to tell it sometime! just to remind myself that the worst thing a man cau have in this world is a hot, obstinate temper. ' You see, I came to this coast soon after tbe gold fever broke outuud settled down in the Santa Barbara valley, below hero, ranching, 1 was a widower even tl.en, and had brought with me fiom the Ststes my only child, a daughter past 17. She was a pretty girl, if 1 do say it, and being as good os pretty you can imagine I was quite wrapped up in her. Of course, 1 was anxious to keep her with me, anil if not that ut leant 1 looked for her to do something butter than fall in love with a peddler.' ' And did she.' ' Yes. You se.o, in thoso days the couutry rfas full of youug fellows who had struck out for themselves :m.i were trying to get a start by carrying kuicklti.ai ks around from one mining camp to another. Some of them were lively chaps enough and well educated, but I was fresh from tho States, with all the eastern prejudice.-, and it almost drove me wild when Nellie told me she wanted to marry a young fellow who brought his pack through our district 'a good deil oftener tban the trade seemed to require. stormed, threatened, locked Nellie up for a week aud seut word to her lover that I had loaded ray gun for nilcl cats and peddlers.' ' What did Nello do ?' ' You might have guessed it. One day when I came hick from a cattle sale she was missing. I chased her a couple of days, but they bad taken to the woods, aud it was of no use. After awliile I got a letter from Frisco, aud 1 wrote back saying that I had disowned her, aud that he had better keep out of the tango of uiy rifle.' ' What did you do then ?' ' Suffered, mister, just suffered. I knew I wns wrong, but I'd have died rather tbau give iu. For five years) I lived like a toad in a rock, hating the whole world. All the' pleasure I had was in watching for peddlers. The number I chi-sed off the ranch during that time would b.stonisb you. ' One evening after a terrible rainstorm a peddler came to my house and asked for a shelter for the night He was a thin, weak looking Fellow, with his face covered with a huge, ragged bi aid. He carried on his back an enormously lung and l.eavy pack and seemed so exhausted with his tramp through the mire that I hadn't the heart to do more than order him oft the place.' '-That was pretty hard,'' said tho listener. ' I suppose it was. Tho pi ddler seemed nil broke up when he found I wouldn't even give him a bunch of straw iu the stable, and uo nl her house within twelve miles. Instead of complaining, however, be merely begged thai 1 wuuld let him leave his puck, which he aald contained goods of value, under shelter from the ruin I finally conBentefi to this. So, as 1 hud sworn none of his trade should ever cross my threshold, I carried his pack insHe, while its owncrJimpei! off to crawl uuder some bus' or other.' ' Didn't you feel jjiean ?' ' Yes, me.au and bitter at the same timt-, for something about the nun i emiuded me of Nellit's husband a little. However, I locked and barred all the doors and windows as usaul, IU[ yULUC lunu MgcuM umu ucwu axuuuu bUUai parts abcut tbat time and had stopped aud robbed teveral ranchers, aud, as 1 told you, I wns all alone. Somehow I coulilu't go to sleep when after that I went to bed. After tossing around for awhilo I got up and sat by the fire, brooding over my trouble and trying not to thiuk of the pour chap shivering out there iu the cold and rain somewhere. I looked at his puck sitting up in the room and wondered what made it so long. ' As 1 watched it, I funded I Baw it move.' '? Saw it raovo ?' ' Exactly. . I wouldu't believe my own eyes at first, but after watching intently for awhile 1 distinctly saw the front of a hand pressed agaiust the canvas from the inside. Like a flp»L then I understood the whole thing. The pedd ler was one of the road agents' gang, and, knowing I had considerable money about the 'house, they had adopted that plan for smug irlirirr nnn nf their ernw inflirln tht* hniiKn Alton I bad gone to sleep the fellow inside could let in the rest and finish the job. I walked quietly across the room, took my gun from the antlers, knelt down a few fret from the pack, nimeil square in the centre and pulled tho trigger.' 11 Go on,' murmured tbe listener, with a shudder, ?' But the gun didn't go off,' continued the landlord, clearing his throat. ' The nipple was rusty and wouldn't work, so I laid (iowu the rifle and got an axe from tbo kitchen. It had been uewly ground that day, and when I lifted it over my head I counted upon cleaving that pack, robber and all, clear to the grouud. Just as I raised the ax nud braced myself for the, blow I saw a ghost.' ' A ghost ? ' 'Yes, sir. Tbe pack opened, anil I Baw stick ing out of its top tho ourly yellow hair of my Nellie when she was a little tot of 4. The abode staggered me so that 1 sank on my knees. A nipcu uijf ojr«ii» nuu wuuutreu H 1 nhU not pore tr-'zy. I was almost otrtain of it when the ghost Btretched out a pair of ouubby while arms and said : ' ' How do, grandpa ? ' ' ' A-b,' suid the guest, with a relieved sigh, ' 1 beAin to see. And what did you do then ? ' ' I don't exactly know,' caid the landlord, softly, ' bat if there in anything that will bend a stiff, stubborn neck quicker than the arms ot a little child, I'd like to know what it is. I put tbe tired little prisoner down by the lire, opened tbe door aud held out my arms ' ' And the mother ?' ' Yes,' nodded the landlord. 'They w-re both thi re, and, mister, I gueBs that's the end of n y story.' And tho old man wiped his eyes. ' You must excuse me.but that was a wtt even ing, and somehow I haven't got quite diy since.' 