[?] NEW TALE OF A TUB. By Mrs Harry Coghill. "I have heard many ghost stories," said my grand-aunt Mary, "and I dont be lieve in any of them. They are mostly silly and purposeless, and evidently made up; but one story that you may can a ghost story if you like, I. will tell you, for I— I lived through it myself." Then she told us this story:— "Well, deal's, when I was a girl, it wasn't the fashion for bride and bride groom to rush away, the minute they were married, from all their kind friends and well- wishers, and go wandering to gether all over the world, relying on the tender mercies of hotel-keepers and chamber-maids for tlieir comfort, seeing nothing but strange faces, with no one to speak to but themselves, taking, as it seems to me, the surest possible way to grow tired of each other. . No, if tliey went away at all, they took some of the wedding" guests away with them, and went to a friend's house — somewhere within a drive very likely — that had been made warm and comfortable for them beforehand. "When my cousin, Eveline Burke, was married to Dick Marchmont, it was ar ranged that her two bridesmaids, my cousin North and myself, giddy young women of seventeen and eighteen, should go with them to D , a country house belonging to the Marchmouts, as I was told. When there are several estates in the family, all, except the favored one, are apt to get somewhat neglected and become mere storehouses of old pic tures and tapestries and lumbers of all lelnds that would clash sadly with the more modern furniture and appliances of the actual family seat. These extraneous homes are generally presided over by an old housekeeper, who gradually grows as yellow and musty as the parch ments in the muniment room, and as faded and decayed as the tapestries on the walls. But there was not even a housekeeper at D- — . The gardener, who lived in the grounds, and neither dug nor delved, and a laundry woman who had no washing to do, gave it .on eye now and then However, Dick's uncle, the present head of the family, was anxious to lend him the house for bis honeymoon, assuring him that it only wanted "'airing' a bit, and that Dick, however desperately in love he might be witli Eveline, would be glad of the excellent fishing afforded by the lake in the park— after the first few days. "Dick, of course, scouted this theory— any place would suit him so long as he had Eveline; but be gratefully accepted the loan of D , as it happened to be conveniently near the Burkes', and would allow him- and liis bride to take part in the festivities given in tbeir honor, and yet reach their temporary home before nightfall. "Norali and I, who were to go with them, rather enjoyed the idea of haviug a rambling old country house all to our selves— for we hardly counted Dick and Eveline— an old, romantic mansion, re plete with every ancient discomfort, to reverse the saying. We were a little disappointed when we heard there was no ghost, and, though it was in Ireland, not the very remotest chance of moon lighters. However, we flattered our selves we should enjoy our 'honey moon,' as we persisted in calling it, for we were devoted to eac-h other, and the ephemeral attachment of Dick and Eve line was nothing to our strong and last ing passion. We meant to be friends all our lives, and we were not at all anxious for the advent of the detach ment of our household party who volun teered to come down in a day or two and keep us 'st mused. "Early on the morning of the wedding day three or four servants were sent off with our luggage, to make the house ready for us, and after the wedding was over and the toasts drunk, Eveline and Dick, Norali and I, got into a chaise, and away we went with four horses over roads that a coachman nowadays would think too bad for anything but a country .waggon. "It was a long, long drive, and, though we had started in tearing spirits, we got dreadfully tired, not to say cross, in the course of four mortal hours' jolting. It was quite dark when we turned into a gloomy avenue of beech trees, but on approaching the house we could "just- make out, against the red sky, the great gaunt boughs of a tree that looked as if it bad been struck by lightning. I don't suppose any of us thought it odd that the drive was grass-grown, the gate un bolted, the tree not cut down— we were not particular in Ireland in those days! i The .windows of the house shone like burning-glasses in the sunset, so that at first I "thought the honse was on fire. The hall door stood open, it was all friendly and hospitable— and casual! Our servants were all hidden -about the house like rabbits in their burrows, and the hall was absolutely empty as we came in, but they bad lit a real good peat fire, and a good-thing, too, for there was the most dreadful, all-pervadiug smell of damp about the place you can conceive. "Norah and I opened at least a dozen doors Saeh before we thought of taking off our bonnets and pelisses, or sitting down to the supper prepared for us. We stopped to look out of the window at the lake that lay gloomily a few feet away, the water just gleaming green and blue under the last faint streaks, of twilight. It was melauejioly; the stricken tree was melancholy, the wash of the water was. melancholy. 'I'm rather glad there is no ghost!' said Norah, slipping her hand into mine. "Then we supped, and held each other's hands under the table, just like Dick and Eveline; and at nine o'clock, when we had 'got rid of them,' as we put it, wc went up to the large bedroom that had been assigned to us. It was oak-panelled, it was gloomy, it bad a large four-post 'bed. bung with chintz of a faded pattern, and would have held four such slips of girls as Norah and me. There was an immense chimney, like another room, and a horrid cupboard at one end— Must the place for a ghost!' murmured Norah, cheerfully. "We began to discuss things — every thing, in fact, as young girls will. Our eyes were heavy with sleep, but we rubbed them; our feet grew cold and we warmed them at the lire. There was a clock somewhere far away that struck thfe quarters, and we enjoyed hearing the 'time go. and made up our minds to sit up till twelve, like grown-up people. "Twelve began to strike at last. That clock had a strange, hollow sound. " 'I am really and truly glad there is no ghost,' Norah had said for the third time just before it began to strike. pIt would have happened at the stroke of twelve whatever it was! It always does." .. J . . , , . "At 'six' she shivered a at eight she grasped my hand, at 'ten' she half closed her eyes and whispered, 'Some thing is coming!' " 'Nonsense!' I began; but tbe non came on the last stroke, and I never got to sense, for a series of astonishing and perfectly dreadful shrieks ran thiougli the house. We innocent country gills had never heard anything worse than a pig's squeal or a lamb's bleat, but this was the real thing and no mistake. It was the veil of a man in agony; it was every possible kind of human noise that could be evoked by terror. Groans— moans— cries— then along the passage tlie strange, lumbering noise, as if some heavy thing were being rolled or dragged slowly along. On It came, nearer and nearer, and there seemed to be with it a sound of footsteps and a. strange, in termittent jingling noise. We felt the floor jar under oiu- feet with the weight that moved over the boards outside. Our door was close to tbe bead of a little stair- ca — -wc knew what must happen, ne heard the bump bump of the thing, whatever it was, being rolled carefully down the steps. There were thirty steps; we counted thirty bumps, that seemed to beat on our very hearts. Then there was a silence; we remembered there was a door at the bottom of "the staircase— not that we baa ever opened it; it seemed to lead into some cellar— and Norali «nrang forward and bolted the door of our room— instead of opening it to see what wast here, like a little coward that sli£ was! "I for one, was no bolder. We both were shivering as we had never shivered on the coldest winter night, and our teeth chattered like castanets. In the increased gleam of our two candles, as tliey flared up before going out, I saw her pale face, and knew mine was as pale as hers. "I have heard of people s hair turning <rrey in one uiglit from fear ; I suppose we were too young for that, but when the dawn came and found us lying on the bed just as we bad at last fallen asleep in our clothes, we must have look ed very unlike the two healthy girls wno had come there only twelve hours be fore. Our old servant came in and scold ed us for not going to bed properly, and, perfectly conscious of our woe-begone looks, and feeling as important as per sons who have had a long and painful illness, we went down to breakfast. "Dick and Eveline, who had evidently heard nothing., would not take pur story soriously at all, but alluded to fried beans and bacon tbe uiglit before. Then tliey shut themselves up in a kind of morn ing room that had been rigged for Eve- liue, and we wandered miserably about till the evening, when my eldest cousin, Walter, and his wife Ursula came down to D . We told our sad story afresh, of course. After our short, uneasy sleep of the night before, we looked ghastly enough to make them believe we really had gone through something! "Walter and Ursula bad been married a couple of years and were not so wrapped up in themselves as Dick and Eveline. They helped us to make a thorough search. One of the rooms in our corridor had been made ready for the new-comers, and looked as little ghostly as possible. The other at tbe far end was a perfectly ordinary but cheerless room, built at such an angle that it never got any sun, but not other wise disagreeable. . For this reason, and also on account of its close, mildewy smell no one had chosen it. 'The: ghostly procession would appear to start from there,' laughed Walter, and he and Ursula volunteered to sit up with Nora and me till twelve o'clock. We accepted eagerly, and at night had a good five, lit plenty of candles) and sat down to have a jolly evening. Ursula was very gay, up to a certain point but at ten o'clock I noticed her eyes begin to shift uneasily, and she left off talking when ever the clock struck the quarters. Walter, who I know fancied that Norah and I, with the impishness of school girls, had been taking them all in, grew convinced of our seriousness when all his efforts to tease Norah— she was as teasable as schoolgirls generally are- failed 1ft elicit a single giggle. I felt as if every nerve in my body was uncover ed, ready to quiver at tbe first shock of the repeated horror. It was like having a tooth out twice over. "We were all quite silent when it be gan to strike midnight. Walter looked gloomily into the fire. I looked at Ur sula. She was very still. 1 said in a low voice, 'Ursula!' She threw back her head and fainted dead away just before the stroke of twelve, but nobody, at tended to her, for exactly on the stroke of twelve the shrieks rang out again and again! "Norah covered her face, "Walter sprang up, seized a candle and opened tbe door. We all followed. The noise approached — there came the rolling sound on the oak floor and the metallic jingle — and then a rush of cold wind swept through the open door, and left us in darkness! "Norali tremblingly lit a match, and her eye fell on Ursula, in a dead faint. She called Walter, and Ursula came to a little, and clung to her husband, and begged him to stay with her, and would not lei him go. The noises had ceased. Walter was dreadfully vexed at having been prevented from following them up. Then, with a candle each, we walked along the passage. All the doors were fast; not a window was open anywhere to account for that icy blast, that was more like a breath -from a cold church vault, than the mild airs of a September night. "We made no more investigations after that. Walter bore Ursula ten derly away to her room, and we girls tried to sleep. How could we? Next day it was determined that everything should be done to clear up the mystery of our nightly disturbance, and before dark all our arrangements were made. Dick and Walter again examined the empty room at tbe end of the passage, and locked the door, and Dick put the key in his pocket. They sounded the walls, they sounded the floor of tbe pas sage, find lmd a lamp put on a shelf just over the door of the empty room. A number of candles were takeu to our room and lit, until tbe cliimney-pioce looked like tbe altar of a Roman Catholic church. Walter had secured an old stable lantern, whieli ho thought would stand the breeze better than our host of candles. "Dick and Eveline, who intended to share our vigil, had a brilliant idea; it was to have supper spread— and a good one, too — in our room, so that we should have something to do besides sitting op posite each other and solemnly staring into each other's faces. A little Dutch courage was also suggested as an addi tion. Ursula promised not to faint, on condition she was given none of it. Dick and Eveline, who eame fresh to the scene of our terrors, and whose nerves were not shattered by the repetition of two such nights as ours, were gay enough at first, while Ursula, too, who had contrived to be in such a faint the night before as to hear nothing, was quite herself again. But at half-past eleven we had finished en, ting— Walter had ended all his stories— Norah couldn't sit still— there were dreadful pauses, broken only by labored remarks from o'ne or the" other of us about anything but the subject in hand— the only one in which anybody was really interested. But I remember Dick saying to Walter, 'I think you are quite overdoing this lighting-up business, it will frighten those rascals, and they will lie by to night, and we shall be no wiser.' "He evidently thought it a case of thieves or moonlighters, and I noticed a revolver sticking up cut of his pocket., ami 1 fancy Walter liad one, too. "As midnight drew near we were all absolutely silent. There was tbe faint sound of the water washing against the little landing-stage by the lake-side, and: the fall of ihe embers in the fire— nothing else. The night was extremely still and very dark. The birch boufhs that grew close up to and touched our windows did not make the slightest stir against the glass panes, so there would be posi tively, nothing to account for the rush- inc wind in the passage, if it should comb again. "At last it began to strike twelve. Walter took up bis lantern in one baud and his revolver in tbe other, and stood, his hand on tbe latch, ready to throw open the door at the slightest sound. He waved his hand to keep us ail back, but it was curiosity, I am afraid, not courage, that made us gather all round the door, behind him and Dick. "Nine— ten— eleven-rtwelve— and then that dreadful cry! - "Walter opened the door and stepped out, and the flame of his lantern flicker ed wildly in the blast of ice-cold air that swept into the .room and extinguished every candle but one. It did not go out, however, and be flashed it down the pas sage, and we all looked over his shoul der and saw at the extreme end of the corridor .what seemed to be a deepening of the shadow about the door of tbe empty room. Then, to our .wonder, this shadow seemed to gather Into shape and passed slowly towards us along the'nas-' sage. Boning round and round, a dark shade two or three feet high— as a mist cloud fs rolled, when the west wind arises and drives it down a river valley The cries and voices had ceased, and as this unaccountable shadow passed along the flooring creaked, and we heard a hollow sound, so exactly like that caused by a great cask or barrel being rolled along, that it was impossible not to believe that we were actually watch ing some such thing poshed along and turning round and round as it passed. Not one of us stirred hand or foot as it eame on. We even stood back to let it go by. Slowly creaking over the boards, it passed us and came to the head of the staircase.' There it stopped for a moment, and thai began to roll down. We followed. Step by step, as we had beard It the past two nights, we now saw it go, and stole after it. "'There, is a door at the foot of the stairs, gasped Walter. " 'I have all the keys,' said Dick. "The semblance of this ghostly barrel stopped for a moment at the foot of the stairs. The door had a slightly raised sill, too narrow for its passage. Exactly as if it had been raised by human hands,' the shadowy barrel was lifted, and, after being poised for a moment on tbe sill, rolled tin and seemed to fall on to a hollow-sounding stone floor. "Walter put his band out. 'Give mo tlie keys,' he said. "Dick banded him the bunch,- and, after trying one or two, the door yielded and we went in. It was a small, square cellar, perfectly empty, perfectly cleaa, with four bare walls and a window liigh it), closed by bars, but without, glass. That was all. " 'Whatever it is, it is here,' Dick said, solemnly; 'but it must wait till morn ing.' He put bis arm round Eveline, who stood shivering beside him. "Come, darling; you ought not to be here. Be sides, it's over for to-night. Go back to your rooms, all of you.' He locked the door of tbe cellar, and we all filed up stairs again. , "Next day Dick, having sent for Den nis, fbe gardener, despatched him for men and implements, and by twelve o'clock a little group of workmen, under tbe superintendence of Dick and Walter, visited tbe cellar. We women were not strictly invited, but it was found impossible to keep us out, emboldened as we were by numbers and the whole some daylight. Every stone of Ihe floor ing was removed, and under one of . them a heavy pine barrel, of ancient make, was discovered and opened by a few strokes of a hatchet. "We girls, looking over tbe men's shoulders, saw that it was empty, except for a whitish substance, and buried among that a bunch of keys and a watch. "Nothing else! It was explained to us that the white substance was quick lime, which will destroy any human re mains in the shortest poss'ble time. The watcli was an old-fashioned turnip watch, such as gentlemen used to wear. The iingliug uoise we had heard was obviously made by the bunch of keys, which were attached to a bulky cluster of valuable seals. They were at once sent to Dick's uncle. # "Dick's uncle proved to be very uncom municative in tbe matter, and it was allowed to drop. But Eveline, some time after, in a moment of confidence, in formed Norali and me that the watch bore tbe Marchmont crest and certain initials, which made it easily traceable to a member of the family, while among the keys were two which opened c-hesls in the house ' where old Marchmont lived. One of these chests had been broken open, and a new key made— the other, then considered of no interest, had been allowed to remain in a deserted lumber room. " 'A.nd did tbey open it?' I asked. " 'And did they find out anything? " 'They found papers relating to tae 'owner of tbe watch.' " 'They know bis name, then? " 'Yes,' said Eveline, portentously. It appears that he bad been foully mur dered. . . and. ... . " She sud denly grew reticent. 'I am not going to tell you anything more. You are two dreadfully curious little girls, and Dick has particularly forbidden me to reveal family secrets.' _ " 'Of a discreditable nature? said J. pertly and rudely, urged by my baulked curiosity. . .. " 'Every family ha s a skeleton in tu cupboard,' added Eveline, 'any family of any age and importance, at least. " 'A skeleton in a cupboard is a very respectable thing to have,' I retoitod. Verv! But yours is only a ghost m a tub!' "Black and White." 