SHREDS AND PATCHES. BY ARGUS. A member of a country Municipal Council, somewhere in Tasmania, re cently took part in a discussion as to what variety of tree should be utilised in beautifying the township. After a brief address on the necessity of shady walks, shelter belts, etc., he wound up by saying:-"I cotton to them Heng lish trees, but car't stand them there blessed pines insignificant at eny price." Correct copy of the original of an advertisement which was received at a Launceston newspaper ollice one evening recently:-"Wonted clene strong girl for washin' an' airin'." The clerk puzzled over the last word for ten minutes, then altered it to "ironing." In one of our country towns there resides a hardy son of toll whose per sonal appearance is not altogether that of Adonis, but who nevertheless had often felt the effects of Cupid's dart. For some time he hail been paying his addresses to a young lady whose mother had set her face against her daughter's keeping company with a man who had so few pretensions to. good looks. The meetings became therefore clandestine, and were success fully carried on for some time before they were discovered by the inflexible mater. Once having made herself sure that the young people were in the habit of holding forbidden meets, she resolved to upset their little game. Arming herself with a "billhook," she secretly awaited the young man's coming. Hardly had he arrived when she "went" for him with the hedge-cutter uplifted as though she meant to cut him down. "Hold on, missus," said the devout lover; "wot are yer goin' to do with that 'ere hook? I know I am a bit rough looking, but don't yer think for a minnet that I'm a blooming old goss fence." Having thus delivered him self the young man made good his es cape, with. the "billhook" lady in full chase. A "sure cure" for toothache has been announced in the "Examiner", during the week, and discussion has followed thereon. The health officer of the W.C.T.U.-letters which some unbe lieving pagan has asserted mean "Women Cannot Take Usher"-has told us that if we leave ofl corsets and rub plenty of salt into the proper place we will never suffer from what lago calls "a raging tooth.". I take this opportunity of directing the at tention of Alderman M'Crackan to the first portion of this advice, for, as a "Loyal Maid of Cornwall," I presume he is addicted to the wearing of cor sets. I would ask him to read care| fully the health oflicer of the W.C.T.U.'s letter, and then start on the warpath amongst his Cornish sisters against stays and the evils thereof. Relative to the salt cure, I have frequently heard that the surest way to catch the wily fowl was to place about half-an ounce of saline matter on Its tail, but salt as a remedy for toothache struck me somewhat in the light of a novelty. A correspondent fronm Deloraine who signs himself "Tooth," and therefore ought to know all about it, writes: "Dear Argus,-Several gentlemen of my acquaintance are at present suffer ing severely from toothache, though they most solemnly swear that they do not wear stays or corsets, tight or otherwise. It remained for the W.C.T.U health oflicer to assure us that salt is good for the teeth (a dreary platitude). For many years I used this natural dentifrice, and as a conse quence all my teeth have long since departed. The oflicer's remarks are both interesting and instructive, but I fear he or she will have to think again ere-he or she finds a reason for toothache. Surely one so brilliant should easily evolve some new theory, for which all, will wait with breathless anxiety. By-the-by, would Mr. or Ma's. Bell kindly inform a suffering public if wearing high collars will cause bunions, or if alfecting tight garters is likely to bring about insanity?" At a recent election meeting in Ho bart:-Free and independent elector "Is the candidate in favour of giving women voting powers?" Candidate "No, I snm not." Firee and independent elector-"Will you be kind enough to tell us why'?" Candidate--"Because women do not waiit votes. If they required the franchise they would have asked for it. I am sure if my wife wanted to vote she would have no hesitation in letting me know of it." Husky voice from the rear-"Wait till yer cet "ome. old man; I'll tell 'er wet yer sed." A gentleman with long hair has been a source of some amusement to the everyday citizens of La~unceston dur lng the past week. I have it on his own authority that during his short visit to this city, judging from the re marks ovei'heard in the streets, he has been taken for "Great Caesar's ghost," "Jumping Moses," "Shake speare," "Buffalo Bill," "Texas Jack," and "Something from the Zoo." There was another long-haired gentleman in Launceston once, who one evening in the bar of a leading hotel get into argument with a wvell-known horse tirniner. The horsey man began to twvit the othei' with the length of his hair, and the interchanges of "com pliment" became, as Bret Harte would term it, "painful and free." At last the trainer took oil his hat and ex hibited a head the top of which wvas smooth as the proverbial billiaro ball. "Well," exclaimed the hirsute one, thinking he had at last got a chance to score. "you're a nice fellow to talk. Why, blow me! you've got no blessed hair at all!" "That's quite correct," came the rejoinder. "As you say, I've got no hair, hut I have brains. Bi'ains and hair, you know, nevei' go togethei'. Pill 'em up again, waiter." It is recorded that Charles Matthews, the celebrated comedian, had such a keen sense of fun that the ruling pas sion was even strong in death. Shortly before his demise the nurse, in er'or, gave him some ink to take instead of his medicine. When she discovered her mistake and informed her patient he only smiled, and murmured:-"Let me swallow some blotting paper." As an antithesis a local story anent a birth may he apropos. The other day one of our legalParliamnentarians~who Is noted for his sense of humour and smart re partee, was walklaw down the street when he met a friend. "How are you?" enquired the latter. "Oh, evaporat ing?" "And the wife?" "Oh, she's Al. Just graduated; taken her MA degree." "Indeed? Capital! It must remind you of your early days. You were always an 'advocate' for the higher education of women." And then they parted. It was not till the friend saw in the paper next day that the wife of the lawyer had presented her husband with a daughter that the joke dawned upon him. This is another legal story:-The five years old son of a leading Launces ton solicitor was looking in at the window of a well-known Brisbane street pastrycook's establishment on Monday last, when, with watering mouth, he suddenly turned to his mam ma and exclaimed:-"Oh, mums, why don't you ask papa to leave his nasty old office and keep a pie shop?" 