'ROUND THE WORLD.' A DOWNS RESIDENT ABROAD. notes mjm way. IN AND A HMNI) LONDON [Hv tub Hon. J. Aiiciiiiiai.I), M.L.C.| On Sunday afternoons near Ihe MarLle Arch ut the N.K. Corner 111ay.be seen large audiences, livening lo preachers, spouler-, and open-air lecturers, l'oliiical demonstra tions, to which or recent years the idlers of London resort, are held about the centre of me paik. North from Hyde Park Corner nt the ws-.l side of the drive we saw the Achillei statue, a copy of Ihe C-istor and Pollux on'. Monte Cxvallo, Rome, which was cast from brows'1 taken al the battles of SaUiiunca, Villoria, Toulouse, an.l Waterloo. It was erected hi 1S22 al a cost of ^lo.ooo by the women of England in honor of the Duke of Wellington and his brave compinion- in-arms. June, 71I1. Gelling on the lop of a 'bus to-day I fount! myself in tin: neighbourhood of llie I'iiy..l Agricultural Hall at Islington. The driver behind whom I sal was cheerful and communi cative about London /and' her sights, an, I d s covering that I w.is\i stranger, .ifui dulling awhile, he ai'»ed if I had seen the Military Tournament. Replying in ihe negative, he said, ' see it, or you will, miss the finest 'nml most attractive sight in London.' Tliisijuickly decided me, and lo ihe Royal Agricultural Hail I wenl, reaching the building about 5 p.-m. I expected 10 see a few cf the principal militaiy displays (believing il w.is held in the open air), and return to dine wilh my wife and daughter al our usual hour; But in this I was disappointed. On reaching the outer entrance' I found an eager crowd jostling each other at the ticket ha\\. After wailing some time, per haps half an hour, I got a ticket for which I only paid 1-,. This, I soon found, only ad mitted me within the oilier door where I could inspect 'ad libitim' the 'performers, compris ing soldiers dressed in uniform, representing ali. the eras from, the lime of William the Con queror Id the present day, with their accom paniments, accoutrements of war. .These in cluded the Queen's Navy, N.S. Wales Lancers, Indian, African, and Sudanese soldiers. Get ling a ticket for the greal lull, where the dis plays were to lake place at 7 p.m. (an after noon performance just having been concluded), I went inside, and although these were i\6 hours before the opening, I fauriclthe immense hall filled with about 5,000 persons. With difficulty I got a seat, and there with surprise and much patience I sat until the hour of com mencement arrived, feeling in my anxiety to see this unique performance, that I had not only deprived myself of my dinner, but was doubtless causing my wife an\iety, as I knew she would have all manner of apprehensions as to my safely w ithin the st range city. To send word to her was i matter of great difficulty. She had no idea where I w.is, as on leaving I promised to return for dinner after doing Is lington from an omnibus. She and my daugh ter would have accompanied me as usual, but that afternoon they had to stdy in lo receive calls. The Royal Military Tournament is here held annually ' in the season;' So far, it has only been held in London, but the authorities owing to its popularity and financial-success (the nelt proceeds being devoted to the Disabled Soldiers' Home,) have decided upon this year extending their performance to Manchester, Liverpool, London, and possibly one or two other large centres of pop,,l-.iiun. It is certainly most popular in London (this being its twentieth year), being patronised this season by-upwards ol 100,000 persons, including Royalty, 'The nobility, and elite of London and suburbs. Though held twice daily at 3 and 7 o'clock, p.m., during its continuance it is impossible to obtain a seat unless previously booked, as each for admission are 10s, 7s 6d, 6s, 5s, 4s, 35, and is. ? . ' The hall itself is an immense building, the centre being a clear open space', length about twice the breadth,, wilh ingress and egress al each end for vehicles, &c.; ? Surrounding the open space on all sides arc spacious galleries to accommodate the visitors, who are well located lo ad\anl.igeously view all the displays, msinujuvres, or performances. I do not purpose attempting, to describe the many popular items so ably rendered, as that is beyond my descriptive powers. Only a soldier with more or less experience should, I think, attempt to record his impressions. I can say lhat every acl was applauded to the echo by the vast assemblage, and that I fully and entirely enjoyed, and took part in the en thusiasm displayed. Amongst many nf the displays l'ie f Mowing may he mentioned as the most important : — 1.— Kencing wilh swords. 2\. — Lancers display between New South Wales Lancers and a. company of English soldiers. 3\. — Bare-back riding around the ring, over hedges and fences j 4\. — Wrestling between N.S.W. Lancers and company of English soldiers, all on hare- back steeds. (In this event the New Smith Wales men unseated all their opponents) ; 5\. — Display showing 'how horses can be utilized to carry olf wounded men from a battle field, after being taught lo lie' down for wounded lo be helped on'thcir backs ; 6.— Display showing utility of bicycles on the battle-field for transport of men and cannons, and in the conveyance of the wounded to the hospital ; 7\. — Naval display, showing how the. navy manipulate their cannon on shore, in coming inlo action, and firing same, the facility with which ihey take carriage and cannon to pieces, and the quick restoration of same after obstacles have been surmounted ; S. — Artillery musical driving by six teams of eight horses each, drawing carriage, cannon, and ammunition, including walking, trolling, galloping, and firing ; 9\. — Artillery obstacle drive, through gate ways, and between earthenware cups as obstacles, by four teams of eight horses each, drawing wngom, cannon, and ammunition, nl trotting and galloping speed j 10\. — Mimic battles between English and Soudanese soldiers, illustrative of the recent Soudan campaign ; camels and cjmel riders being used at the display ; 11\. — Grand .spectacular display of soldiers, from Ihe early ages lo the present day, with officers, their respective dresses, coats of uiuil, horse trappings, ancient saddles, and mail worn by horses, including old and new muskets, and cannon of all ages. Every performer, includ ing navy, artillery, and bands took part in the display. The effect, as each company of soldiers, from ancienl times lo Ihe present day, marched inln llie great hall, headul by one or oilier of the bands, playing a in.iiching tune, was very fine, and when llie entire company filled the Hour space the ringing dicers ami '??t'.lmsUsm nf the vast audience was .simply leafening ; I 12. — The musical lido of the Guards. — This was a very fine display, the horses, from their perfect training keeping perfect time in the various evolutions performed lo the music. Oneof the mOsl popular items;0n the gener ous programme. - fi'or Ihe foregoing about military tournament I have had to nl,' entirely on ni'inory. I r.;rrel very much the mcrgre' ness of my notes in consequent.] Last Sunday we attended divine service' at the City Temple, Dr. Parker again officiating. Some weeks ago I referred in my notes In his prayer against the Sultan of Turkey, which created such a stir, ..nnd was received wilh horror by 'many of his brethren in ihe ministry. I could not. at llie lime fib'taiii any authentic information as to . llie circuni il.in':cs 11 il»r which Dr. Parker used l!i3 words, 'Cod damn the Sultan.'. Since th.-n, however, finding that Dr. Parker's sarjnoas were p i'i. fished monthly, I obtained s,.:ne, an 1 no.v find lhat. lhe« memorable words were uiierc 1, not in ii special . pr.iyer, but durin;; i!u delivery of a sermon preached in ihe City Templo on the 25th April last, from Ihe texl in Maa, chap. IX, .versa 3. In hit discourse ho described l*/r.i as the Ciom uell of the Old Testament, as a priest and scribe saturated wilh the law and perin.'atcd by Ihe spirit of righteousness ; a light valiant a id outspoken man, who . would have had a hard 1 ime had he lived in our day. Further on D.\ Parker said : 'Ezra rent his mantle and girmenis and sat down astonished because a Cinstian professor had broken .his word.' Tnen he sniJ, 'I believe wfi may have to ge rid of some people; I knowingly feel thu we may by few and yet stronger. I am wearied with your milk and waler men, and I ani wearied with any party that only tampers and patters wilh gre»t questions. : I do not want to he a popular preacher, I want the preacher whether he be popular or unpopular, to be (Airless, independent, gracious, indexible in justice.' Here followed the memorable words with their contevt, which I give in full :' '?When I heard that the 'Kaiser wenl lo the P. 1st, and after dinner- hear this, for there is n ) more solemn word in the speech of Chris limily— when I heaid that the Kaiser wenl lo a dinner, and in an after dinner speech said : 'My friend the S.iltan,'-. I, was astonished, I could have sat down in humiliation and terror. The grenl assis^in had insulted civilisation, and outraged every Christian sentiment and defied concerted Europe, lie may have been Ihe Kaiser's friend, he was not jours, he was not mine, he was not God's. Down with surh speaking, and let every man's voice be heard on this matter ; then -the Liberals may come hack to power. So long as any man can say 'My friend the Sultan,' I wish lo have no commerce of friendship with that man. The Sultan drenched Ihe lands with tlood, cut up men, women, and children, spared none, ripped np the womb, ba)oneled the babe, and did all manner of hellish iniquity. He may have been the Kaiser's friend, but in the name of God, in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost— speaking of the Sultan, not as an individ jal,. not merely as man, but speaking of him as the great assassin— pray, God damn the Sultan.' V (To be continued.) 