[?] Short Story, The Minister's Ghost Story. ' Good-night, balms 1 M'lvor, «ee thill they a gang to bed at a reasonable hour, and dinua «lt up late .vessel. The morn's the Fast Day, mind, and je've to preach." With these words tbe Rev. Ducnld M'K'hnon look hie candle, and beamed round on the company. " Good - .night, sir ! Good - night, father !" they responded, with much dcfcr«ice» MNo, we won't stay np late.' Tbe door closed, and the old gentle man's footsteps were beard ascending The stairs. " NoW, Mr. M'lvor," said one of the girls, Mgerly, " remember your pro mise." " Certainly, Ml&s; Janet." answered the gentleman, rising with much gravity. " T Intend to alt a few minute later my self. bflf I promised fo see the re-sf. of yon off. T am glad," he continued, pro ceeding to light the candles, "that Miss Janet should he tbo one to call me to a sens of——" " Fiddlesticks." said Janet, a toll, bright-faced girl 1o a dress of soft crimson, which suited her admirably. She was flitting on a low stool before the fire, trying to shield her flushed cheeks from the blaxo with a huge crimson Japanese fan. "Don't be a humbug. Mr. M'lvor: ymi know what I mean— that ghost story yon promised to ell u«" " Do tell It. Mr. M'lvor !" " !d rather hear about pirates," said Hobby M'Kinnon. n schoolboy of 12. "Ghovfs are such awful rot." "Then you can go to bed." retorted Tanet. " I'll do nothing of the kind." said Bobby, much Insulted. "Go to bed yourself." ' You may remain If you behave your self." said Janet, surveying him calmly. "Mr. M'lvor. T shan't leavo the room until yon hare told thni story." " Is it tbe will of the company that their young blood be frozen and curdled in darkness ? It Is a real ghost, remem ber." " How delldouB." murmured one of to elrls. " Very well. Don't blame me If you can't «lep to-night." IT extinguished the lamp ae be spoke, and resumed bis sat. The firelight nlnyed on his dark face, and he looked with his spare form. thin, keen features, and great hollow eyes like a Romish priest worn out with fasting and penance. There was a pause, during which the company sat silent and expectant, and the yonns minister gazed at the fire as If faMnftled hy something he saw there. At last he drew a long breath. " Yon knew what second sight is." he began, turning his melancholy pyes on Toey Keith, the girl who thought real shoRts delicious. She shuddered slightly. " T possess (hat doubtful gift," he went on in a quiet, serious voice. "Appari tions, ghostly coffins. shadows of funerals— nil these things I have seen. »ffen, in my own parish. Many times t hare heard the tapping of hnmm«vs tnd sawing of wood In the carpenter's thnp after lite day's work was done, felling that death was coming. Three nights before a death the sounds arc hoard-It never fad?" The speaker paused, and his audience sbirered awd sat n little closer. " ft Is just a year since T went to preach for Alexander of Harnstra. There Is nothing at all suggestive of the supernatural about either him or his wife, bnt the mane wa« big Bnd eerie, full of draughty eorridors and wide Maircase. ti had been an old mansion. And there was rt story ennpeofed with tt. Alexander said, hut lie would not tell it that night. We «nt talking over old college days, lie and I. until long past m'dnlght. Then we lit our candles. , «nd Alexander led the way to niy room. I shonld have had difficulty in finding the way myeclf. for R was up a wide staircase and along a corridor with a number of doors on dthcr side. J trod softly, fearing to disturb the household, but Alexander assured me the caution was unnecessary. T wn« alone id that part of the house. T am not a nervous man. but T should have preferred one or two neighbours. My room was at the very end of tbe corridor— a cheerful apartment by day. when tho gun shono in. hut at that honr, with the moonlight ca«tlng strange shadows on everything, it was eerie. "I said good-night, to my host, and retired to my rent when I had convinced myself that a certain suspicious-looking shadow on the lawn was caused l>y a tree. T was not at all uleeny : bo after a time I sat up. lit the candle that stood on a small table by the bedside, and began to look over my sermon. Then I selected the Psalms to be sung, and had Jnst fired on three, when I felt a sudden rush of cold air. and looked up. An stwely n«; I am elttlne here— as enrely as von are listening — " Inn M'lvor raised his hand impres sively and looked round with an un earthly light In his eyes. "The door opened slowly, and fl woman glided in." Joey Keith shrieked and hid her face on Janet's shoulder. "I thought T had locked the door: hut evidently I was mistnken, and I concluded that this was one of the maids walking in her nleep. T lay back on ray pillows and watched the Intruder, hardly daring to breathe lest she should turn and see me. for the thought of her suddenly waking and finding herself in my room was em barrassing. Then In a moment the truth flashed upon me, for in the clear moonlight I saw her plainly. I had drawn up the blind ; and while ray bed was in shadow, hy the window it was almost as light as day. This was no servant. Her long, beautiful hair was unbound, rippling In golden waves below her waist. Her dress was loose and flowing, of some shimmering white stuff— It minded me of White, samite, myatic. wonderful.' Once she turned her face towards me— a beautiful face, hut pale and drawu with anguish, and the eyes wide with horror. I tried to more or speak, but limbs and tongue were paralysed. She moaned plteously and wrung her hands ; then, to my horror, glided to the window and threw It open with a terrible cry. There was an answering cry— the walling of a little child outside. The woman threw ont her arras wllh a despairing gesture, and the loose sleeves fell back, disclosing their exquisite shnpeliness. Rbo would hare flung herself from the window, hut was bold back— the horror of It— by a hand. I saw It distinctly, and a shadowy arm. nothing else. I think I realised tho something of what Bel- Altnxxar must hare felt when he saw the fingers that wrote— mene, tekel, up- ha rain "Then the moon went under a cloud" -and !&'« yoke jonk to a jrhlager- "t eaw that my candle was burning with a blue flauic. . My hair atood on end. I would have given all I possessed to find myself In' the atudy downstairs, but I could neither move band nor foot, and if I could, who knowa what ! might have seen in that long corridor. Those empty rooms— I dared not pass them ! I lay back helplessly watching - that tragedy of bygone days. "There was another awful- cry, and again there caroe the pitiful wailing from outside, fainter than before, and dying away Jn the distance. To Mile day. when I read of Rachel mourning for her children, jjmt cry rings in my cars. There seemed to be a struggle, the window was forcibly closed, the woman Bank on the floor with hands clapped and the beautiful face upt timed hi agony. Then the moon shoue out, and slowly the vision faded." There was a long Alienee when lan had finished speaking. Then Janet spoke. " Who was she ? What was herstorv, Mr. MTver ?" "Alexander told me the story next day. Margaret Kiljot of Barns'trae. a beautiful and high-spirited girl, fell in Jove with nd secretly married her brothers tutor. When the marriage was discovered he was Jn Edinburgh preparing a home for his wife, and on his return there was a terrible srene, for Mrs. KIHot was another Laflv Ash- ton. She told him that hi? wife had ncen sent to a French convent, and the 1 poor follow, nind with grief, went ' abroad in acarch of her. It wa a false, j hood, of course. Margaret nerer loft j tor house alive. Dor little ohhd was taken away one night, and Margaret in despair tried to throw herself from the window of that rery room I slept Jn. She died soon after of a broken heart, it fll! hap pened long ago— Iflflt century. I believe." |Poor girl." said Joey, softly. I liked that bit about the candle burning blue," said Janet pensively : it made tne creep," " I should »e to see a phost," said ! BoKbr, "Hush!" said Irnr. hohllnp up a warninp hnnd. ' Whtit Is tliu't ?" PJt-pat, pit-pat. oiiiiip tlio sound of soft footstops on tho stair. Tho pirls looked at each oilior fearfullv. and r.nVhy turnod very pair. Ian praspod I the pmror with cue hand and threw his oilier nrm pmlerringly round Janet. Pit-pat, pit-pat. If was coming nearer, i Bang ! Joey screamed, ami fell fainting In Ian s arms. He ro«e, getitlv deposited her on the conch, nsid opeiioii n,e door. .Something few 71ns 1 with a wild cry. Bobby howled, thinking his hour was come. " Who is that 7" Ian dojuanded, sternly. " MTvnr. Is that you ?" said a quaver ing voice from the darkne«s. " Angrils and ministers of grace de fend us ! A light. Ian. qub'k V ex claimed Ivor, bonding over a heap at tho foot of the stairs. lan dropped tho poker and struck a light, and .Tnnet followed )i!jn Into the passage. | "Oh!" she ejaculated in rttanny. It was flip Rev. Dougnld M'Kinnon. ' in nlghte.ip mid dressing-gown, with an extinguished taper in one hand, n stick 1n the other, and a large Jajnniid tea- tray on the top of him. They helped the old gentleman to his feet, and took him into the room to . recover. " I'm nil right, bairns." ho said, when i he had been revived with n mouthful i of whisky. " Whatever brought von downstairs, father ashed .Inert, lmverlng '»v.»r him .nffei'fi.-in:i:«Ty with the h.Clle. " 1 heard voice. »nr dear, and thought it was burgl-n-s. Then, when 1 g-'t to the foot of the i triilpnd nn the cat and knn kol over tlio tray." "The ea» ! T1'11 aerneefs 'tir the : awful yell." «nkl 1 an. "T didn't Um.w whether it wn»? Rnhliv or the gh-eU " " Whom is Hobby said .Innet. look- big round. j ".Tory. dear. wak« up! The ghuet ; is having some wVskv. and you had j better have pome w»." j " Dljost " repeated M'Kinnon. T wonder linvepn malr sense, .lanet. Kh ! it> that ? There's a mm behind tu.» curtain. M'lvor." exclaimed the old genricinan. pointing with great pxePenifuvt to the crimson damask, which appeared to lip muh agitated. I "Thovo Is some one there." replied | Tan. deliberateiv ric1ng and going fo ! the w'rdow. There was a howl from behind the rnrtcin as he proceed' to unmask the ruffian. Tt was the valiant Hobby, crouched in a corner, with lite fingers in hi" cars. " Bobby ! What d'ye mean by sir like cantrips ?" demanded his father, in dignantly. Bobby exelaimed with a scarlet coun tenance that he 'bought it was one of Mr. M'Tvor's roffins. and that he felt a mtireni reluctance to occupy It pre maturely. " Oofflns ! The laddie's dreaming." ! Atrid 4he old Igentleman. scandalised. " What way are ye no in bed. Hobby ?' "T congratulate yon on the success : of your story. Mr. M'lvor." paid Janet." " You have frightened everybody Into fits." "I wonder at ye. M'lvor, and the morn the Fast Dny." «n.1rt the old minis ter.' In a tone »\f mild reproach. "They would have it, Plr." said Ian, apologetically. "Never mind, father," Jsaid Janet, saucily, "we'll do pontine to-morrow— we'll all go twice to church." " Yc've mucklo need," was tho dry refponoe. "'M'lvor. light Hie candles —Til see ye a' oot this time." Tan obeyed, trnd tho procession formed and filed ont of the room, headed by the old gentleman and Bobby— the latter much subdued. "We only want surplice to look like a procession of prleslfl and acolytes." paid Janet, laughingly. "Don't you feel like one. Tan 7 "Not I," he replied, promptly. "I wouldn't be a Roman Catho3ic priest under cxtetlug circumstance"— bo looked at Janet—" for any considera tion." Janet turned round Impatiently. "Come Along. Joey. Itte time you were In bed with that white face. -Mr. M'Tvor, I hoq>c we shan't dream of the golden-haired Margaret." "I hope not. Miss .Tanet." he replied, with n smile. " Good night. Mtes Joey" I —then In a lower tone—" the lady of my dreams will not have golden Tt. would have been unreasonable to complain Just then of Miss Keith's lack of crilour. "Good-night. Mr. M'lvor," she mid. with a sudden, lovely smile. " I shall never,- as long as I live, forget this night, or vour story, or—" "Or what Miss Joey? No, not tJH you finish your sentence J" for she was trying to regain possession of her hand. She looked round, half-frightened. They were quite alone on the landing. " Or you !" Bip words were hardly audible. " Joey !" _ But Jocv had vanished.— By X Straw, In the " People's Friend." 