A Trip to England. fBr a Qawlebitb.1 (Continuedfrom last issue.) Glasgow, Jaly 23. To-day (Sunday^ we weat for a walk along the 6hreat Western-road for aboat two miles. We saw the Royal Lunatic Asylum at Gartnavel, and some very large gasometers. Then we took a tram back to Kelvinside. We afterwards walked through a pretty park to the University. It is on the top of a high hill, and is a splendid building. In the centre of the front portion is a tower 150 feet high, and on the top of this is a spire 100 feet high. It is a very renowned place. Just now it is holiday time, and being Sunday we conld not go in. From the hill on which the University stood we had an excellent view for miles and miles, and were quite close to the building now being erected for the Glasgow Exhibi tion of 1901 and the Museum and new Art Gallery. Around the park are magnificent residences, and the River Kelvin winds in and out all along the garden. Every church, and there must be hundreds about, has a spire, and most public buildings have towers and spires, so that from a ^high point there looks to be a forest of them. Kikboss, July 25. We left Glasgow on our return to Kinross at 9 a.m. yesterday, the 24th. It was a beautiful sunny day (the only one so far). On nearing Kinross we found the country stations were full, and our train was soon crowded with folk going to the all important ' July Fair' held on the fourth Monday in July every year at Kinross. Everybody was preparing for it. At 1 o'clock we all proceeded to the place where the games were to be held, which was on the grounds of Kinross House, the property of Sir Graham Montgomery. The house was empty, but -the grounds are very good. It is an excellent place for sports, with plenty of space snrronnded by a high mound, all beautifully green. At one side a few rows of seats had been arranged, and at the back of them was a wooden partition. This was the grand stand, to which we obtained admission on payment of Is, In front of it on tha green was a large platform or rather floor on which the dancing contests and bagpipe competi tions took place. On it there was also a fine exhibition of cycling by ' Cata wheela,' who went through some wonderful feats with bikes and different wheels. At the same time these were going on several foot races and high jumps were taking place. The band of the ^Gordon Highlanders was present, and played very nicely. There was also a band of pipers. At the last a few horses and ponies had trotting matches. There was a crowd, ot abont 20,000 people. There were various btande for refreshments, and a few side shows. The games weie over at about 5.30, and then down the avenue near the gate all the boys and girls and yonng men and women engaged in dancing, fast and furious, reels, country dances, polkas, waltzes, &o.; We sat od the monad and watched them for a while, and it was very good. All aiouud on the mound were beautiful old trees, elm, beech, oak. &c.; At 10 o'clock we all walked to the top of the town to Market Park, a big square vacant piece of ground. Just inside the gate were abont 25 donkeys, all saddled ready for riding, and then there was a double row of side-shows, all lit up most brilliantly with naptha lamps. It is impossible to describe the scene. Dozens of different sorts of Aunt Sally concerns were fitted ap in long rows, and there were various gipsy tents and three or four portable theatres, very elaborate looking outside with abnndance of giU, &c.; In two were ghost illusions^ and {cinematographs, and in another living waxworks. Each had an outside piarform, on which downs and dancing girls disported themselves, and all had mnslc of some sort, many full bands worked by steam, and saveral had tambourines and drums. Yon csnnot imagine the row it all made. All the elite make it a point of going late, for tiien a great number has gone off by train, bnt ttill there were crowds left. All make it a practice of visiting the side- shows and having a shy at the Aunt Sally affairs. There were three or four merry-go-rounds, one especially good, lit with electric light and worked by steam. A sort of switch back was conneoted with it, and the horses went up and down most grace- : fully. It was very elegant, and I have never seen such a good one. You had to go up several steps on to a plat form to obtain a ride, and it was a great scramble to get on a horse. We visited one of the ghost theatres. They had a platform and scenery, and did the ghost part very well. The Beats were jast boards covered over. There were about 70 present I should. think, and during the performance the lights were taken out. I had chosen a high back seat and was much amused at the remarks I heard about how splendid it was, especially the cinematograph, which showed a procession of Barnum's circus and a pillow fight, I think the entrance fee to these places was 2d. or Id., but the shows were always crowded. The saddest part of the whole affair was the terrible amount of drunkenness about. Wo were in the streets at 7.80 to see the different stands and crowds, and saw dozens of quite young men staggering along most helplessly drunk, as well as ol Jer ones, and some women. All along each side of the narrow istreet were stalls, most of them loaded with sixpenny and twopenny parcels of gingerbread done up in silver paper, and toys and sweets. . Every one, is supposed to give each other 'some faring at this time, so most give cakes of gingerbread. We Baw the last of the fair at midnight. . ; ,Io Liverpool no. child under eleven ia allowed to aell in tbe streets, and all children over, eleven »re required to obtain a licence. The changes la rates of wages in England reported during May were all increases &oi; affected abont ?209,600 workpeople. - ? ' : *' My Experience sb a . Charity Carnival Organiser,' an interesting sixteen-page illustrated pamphlet published by. .A. S. Gordon. , free ;oa application. Send post card to A. S. Gordon, Manager Adelaide Property Distribution, Perth, W.A.— 3m88 