DEBATE.—IS SPIRITUALISM ANTI-CHRISTIAN? Rev. F. J. Wilkin M.A. affirms. Mr Jas. A. S. Brown denies. Third Evening, 3rd March. Mr Geo. Adams, J.P., Chairman. (Debate Continued.) Rev. F. J. Wilkin: Mr Chairman, Ladies and Gentlemen, those of you who were here last evening will re- member that Mr Brown gave us a definition of Spiritualism. I am not sure that I can recollect his exact words, but what I can recall is this: Man is a spirit clothed in flesh; death is the liberation of man from the en- folding flesh, and man then leaving the body takes with him all that is essen- tially his own, that is, all his charac- ter. Having left this world he pro- gresses in another on the lines of his earthly life according to the dictum that whatsoever a man sows, he shall also reap. Mr Brown asks are these points anti-Christian? I say no. There is another point in his definition. He says the departed can communicate with those they have left in the flesh. This point I will leave till my next ad- dress. Referring to the first part of his definition I say again that those points are not anti-Christian. All these points were taught by Jesus Christ. I want to know why Spiri- tualism claims to have discovered these truths. They are not the peculiar possession of Spiritualism. They were taught by Christ; they were proclaimed by His disciples, and yet now Spiritualism says "This is our contribution to the faith of the world." Spiritualism adds nothing to our knowledge of God, of man, of things present, or of things to come. It has no revelation. It has not added one item of knowledge to the religious wisdom of the world and yet it comes before as with great pre- tences and claims great novelty and great power. I have a little book en- titled Spiritualism Explained. It con- sists of a series of lectures delivered by E. T. Wallis in Birmingham, is pub- lished by the Spiritualists' Union in Birmingham and set forth as a manual of Spiritualism. That book says that man was in the dark before Spiritua- lism formulated these truths; and again, that Spiritualism is the only means by which we may know life's value and life's issues. I claim that that assertion is untrue to history. In the greatest age of materialism Jesus Christ came and proclaimed the reality and greatness of man's Spiritual nature. He proclaimed man's immortality and his responsibility. These teach- ings have never been forgotten, and they have revolutionized all the ages. The claims of Spiritualism are unrea- sonable and untenable. Spiritualism has incorporated some of the teachings of the Lord Jesus Christ, and I never said these teachings were anti-Christian. I have been teaching them for the last 20 years. I have iterated them and reiterated them throughout the district. Then you may ask why do I oppose Spiritualism? Because these are not the only Spiritualistic teach- ings. Mr Brown joins issue with me just here, and he says they are the only teachings on which Spiritualism speaks dogmatically, and that all other matters are left to the reason of the individual. Spiritualism says with regard to the divinity and atonement of the Lord Jesus Christ that a man may believe as he chooses. Amongst Spiritualists on these great questions there is nothing definite. I can't rest in such a position. I need certitude. I owe truth to myself and I owe truth to others. Doubt is a sign of weak- ness and man demands truth. I can't believe that Jesus Christ intended us to be in doubt as to His resurrection. I will not stand on the quaking quick- sands of error. I will stand on the living rock of truth. I object to a go- as-you-please faith. Mr Brown says that is the position of Spiritualists on other matters except those I have re- ferred to; and yet, and yet, how comes it to pass that Spiritualists are in agreement virtually with Christ's deity and atoning sacrifice? I have heard and read a good many statements from Spiritualists, and I have never heard one of them acknowledge the God-head of Christ or his atoning sacrifice. They repudiate these tenets, and some of them with a certain amount of bitter- ness. In to-day's issue of the Kerang Times appears a letter signed H. Junor Browne. To show what that gentle- man's position is I will read you two passages from a lecture he delivered on the 14th of February, 1898, to the Vic- torian Spiritualists' Association. And you cap then judge the value of the letter in to-day's Times. He says, "The doctrine of vicarious sacrifice is as absurd as it is unjust and God-dis- honoring. To impute to God the cruel murder of the innocent Jesus is, in plain language, utter blasphemy. I do not know which is the more ab- surd, the Fall or the Atonement." Then, again, "As to the triune God of the New Testament, he was an unjust God in requiring the death of the in- nocent for the guilty." Now I will put the New Testament in the hands of any man and ask him the promi- nent doctrine, and he will tell you that it is that Jesus Christ came into the world to save sinners. It is the uni- versal creed of Christendom that the death of the Lord Jesus Christ is a fact of the supremest importance. In the history of the cburch by all Christian writers that has been the chief theme. Every page refers to it. Every page of the epistles refers to it. In every great city of the empire during the first century Christ's atoning sacrifice was preached. The great essential of Christianity is the death of the Lord Jesus Christ. That doctrine was not invented by the disciples. It was con- trary to all Jewish thought. It was repugnant to Grecian culture. The cross is the great central fact in the world's story, the great central fact of the Christian system. Jesus Christ died and his death was substitutional in character. That truth was declared world wide and it lasts, and in the present day millions believe it. Jesus often referred to his death. The de- tails were foreseen, and were foretold, to his disciples. To Nicodemus he said "As Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the Son of Man be lifted up." Later on speaking to the Jews about himself, he said, "I am the Good Shepherd; I lay down my life for the sheep." The word "for" is the same word as that used by Caiaphas, who said it was expe- dient that one man should die "for" the people. Again Jesus Christ directly affirmed his substitutionary sacrifice. He said, He "came to give His life a ransom for many." When He died on Calvary's Cross He yielded up His spirit. He voluntarily laid down His life. At the Last Supper He said "This cup is the new covenant in my blood shed for many for the re- mission of sins." Could Jesus, in more clear language express the substi- tutional character of his atonement? This shows how Christ regarded his own death. I do not refer to any theories regarding the atonement. I state the facts, and Christ's own ex- planation of the facts is what we have to bear in mind. Jesus died, and said he died, to make a sacrifice for sin. Objections are made to this fact. We are told it was cruel on the part of God. But what if Jesus was God, God manifest in the flesh, on the cross, reconciling the world to Himself? If God be love, and if the purest expres- sion of love be in self-sacrifice then the cross becomes the symbol of the highest, deepest, purest love. It has been said that the sacrifice was im- mortal if that death was not volun- tary; but it was voluntary. Jesus Christ laid down His life willingly, and that death becomes heroic and beauti- ful and symbolizes all that is high and noble in manhood. In regard to that great fact Spiritualism is opposed. In E. J. Wallis' book I find this sen- tence: "The cowardly transference of iniquity to an innocent man." And again he says, "We impeach this teaching as demoralizing and blas- phemous," and similar language was used in the Kerang Times last year. Spiritualism impeaches the substitu- tional sacrifice of the Lord Jesus Christ and so far forth it is anti- Christian. Mr Brown: Mr Chairman, Ladies and Gentlemen, I am glad to see by the still larger attendance here this evening that the interest in this ques- tion is increasing. It is a grand thing to know this. It is a sure indication that a knowledge of the truth will re- sult from our debate; and that is what I came here for. With reference to the letter which appeared in to-day's paper signed H. Junor Browne, bear- ing on the subject of this debate, per- mit me to say that that is not my name. I did not write it or know anything about its being written, and I had no connection with its publica- tion at this junctue. We have been listening to Mr Wilkin for two nights, and I must compliment him on his splendid command of language; but the matter we have to deal with is not one of splendid oratory or finely- roun- ded sentences. When I entered into this debate I made up my mind that I would only deal with sound, logical argument, and I maintain that I have from beginning to end stuck to the point. If you look at the question fairly and squarely I think you will agree that for the whole two nights during which Mr Wilkin has been speaking he has only been endorsing all I say. Instead of showing that Spiritualism is anti- Christian he has been proving it to be Christian. In his very first proposition he maintained what I have been striving all along to maintain. I will quote from the Ke- rang Times of to-day from the report of Mr Wilkin's first speech. Mr Wil- kin said: "A Christian is not a man who simply believes certain truths and gives his assent to propositions about Jesus Christ, but one vitally united with Him. How that is far and away above the region of dogmas, abstractions and formulas. It is life, confidence and de- votion, a passion and enthusiasm for Christ." Now for the last two nights he has been fighting me abuat my belief concerning Jesus Christ. He has been fighting me on a quibble whether Jesus Christ was really the Deity or only the Son of God. On the first night he himself said a Christian is not a man who assents to certain things about Jesus Christ. We have for these two nights been debating on the question of whether I believe certain things about Jesus Christ. He says a Christian is not a man who assents to certain dogmas. A Christian is a man who makes the life of Jesus Christ part of his own. I maintain that I have made the life of Jesus Christ, as far as I am able, part of my own, and I maintain that Spiritualism in its very essentials upholds the very thing that Mr Wilkin contends is Chris- tian. Spiritualists say they don't believe in dogmatising on these points. Spiritualism pure and simple, then, as Mr Wilkin has himself proved, is not anti-Christian.. Spiri- tualism pure and simple demonstrates that there is a life beyond, and Mr Wil- kin admits that that is not anti-Chris- tian. Spiritualism lays down no dogma about Jesus Christ. How can Mr Wil- kin assert that any Spiritualist is anti- Christian? I pin him to the point, and I maintain he has not brought one soli- tary proof, one single argument, to sup- port his affirmation. It is not a ques- tion of believing certain things about Jesus Christ, but a question of accepting and living up to His teachings and making myself one with Him. I main- tain I am as much a follower of Jesus Christ as Mr Wilkin is, and if I am l anti-Christian then Mr Wilkin is like- wise anti Christian. The other evening Mr Wilkin said I juggled with terms. I want, during the whole of this debate, even if we can't agree, to show that we can love one another. He said I juggled with words. Now let us see. I don't want to use the expression un- charitably, but Mr Wilkin, according to his way of arguing, reminds me of the old schoolboy argument that a horse chestnut is a chestnut horse. You will see what I mean directly. He says the Son of God is God the Son. Now I challenge Mr Wilkin or any man living to find one single passage in the Bible that contains the words "God the Son." Mr Wilkin mast prove that Jesus Christ lays it down that it is a vital point that people must believe that He is God. Are we to believe that un- told millions are to be classed as outside the pale, as anti-Christian, became they cannot believe in His identity with the Eternal God? Can I believe that a God of infinite wisdom and love will damn me because I fail to grasp a mystery? To show the juggling with words he says, in default of argument, that the Son of the Eternal God is the Eternal God. I believe there is an Eternal God, God the Father; but I can't find in the Bible one single word about God the Son or God the Holy Ghost. One Supreme and Eternal God is spoken of, and I believe in Him with all my heart and soul, and I don't give in to any living being in that belief, and in my belief and love in Christ; but I am not going to put Jesus on an equal position with God the Father until I find reason for doing so in the Bible. When I do, then I will accept it. Mr Wilkin says the Son of the Eternal God is the Eternal God. Can the Son be as eternal as the Father? There is one passage here I want to quote, and this, I think will effectually dispose of Mr Wilkin's contention as regards the deity of Christ. John v.26. "For as the Father hath life in Himself, so hath He given to the Son to have life in him- self." According to that passage Jesus Christ was a created being, created sub- sequent to the Father's pre-existence. I have proved that Jesus Christ said that he was less than the Father when he used the words, "My Father is greater than I." If Spiritualists do not place Jesus on an equality with the Father, if they place him next to God, but not equal to or above God, how are they to be blamed for taking Christ's own words for it? If Mr Wilkin's own defi- nition, which I have just read, is to be accepted as correct, he shows himself that Spiritualism pure and simple is not anti-Christian. Where is he to fasten the charge of being anti-Christian on Spiritualism? Is it not a quibble? He says it must be anti-Christian be- cause it is opposed to Christ. But I challenge Mr Wilkin to prove that Spiritualists as a whole are opposed even to his (Mr Wilkin's) definition of Christianity. I want to be charitable to him, and as far as he has explained the atonement I can go with him, and I say that there are thousands of Spiritualists who go further than I do. How can I then be called anti-Christian? There are thousands of Spiritualists who believe in the blood of Jesus in a substitutional sense. I believe Jesus Christ made an atonement. I believe He died for my sin. I believe in the atonement in a certain sense; but it hangs upon a point which he Mr Wil- kin) confesses he is unable to explain. How can I accept it in any form until he explains it? I have my own ex- planation of the atonement, and if it is not right he can show it is wrong. When Mr Wilkin has given his explanation of the atonement I will give mine. But these subjects which are so hard to agree upon are not pertinent to the de- bate, and I want Mr Wilkin to keep to the question. Is it reasonable to say we are anti-Christian because we take different views upon points of doctrine in which there is so much diversity of opinion? I have yet to learn where Jesus Christ said he was God or that he came to save us from our sins. He laid down certain rules for the guidance of men who wanted life eternal; but the man who says "I want life, the pure life," is anti-Christian according to Mr Wilkin. Jesus Christ says, "Love God 'and man." So says Spiritualism. The man who won't love God or his fellow man is anti-Christian. I never heard or read of any Spiritualist who said I must not love God or man. Who by searching can find out the Almighty? But, before I can love God, I must first begin to love man. Here is the whole fundamental teaching of Jesus Christ in Matt. xii, 87-40. "Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt love the Lord, thy God, with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind. This is the first and great commandment, and the second is like unto it. Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets." Where does this question of belief in the atonement come in? How are we to be classed as anti- Christians for not believing in things we can't decide? Where does the charge of anti-Christian come in when Chris- tians themselves are not agreed on the point ? When Mr Wilkin can prove that Spiritualism teaches a man to be impure, bad, unholy, or to shape his life on anti-Christian lines, then I'll give in. Until that proof is brought, Mr Wilkin's affirmation remains un- proved. No dogma or doctrine that Mr Wilkin can propose affects the ques- tion of this discussion. Let him bring forward his charges, and if I can't meet them, and if they are solid charges, you are the ones who should decide. Mark what an awful charge it is to bring against myself and against millions of Spiritualists to call them anti-Christian. I maintain there are millions of Spirit- ualists, women who are sisters and mothers, as pure as the driven snow, and yet we are told they are anti-Chris- tian. Let there be something definite, something conclusive, brought forward to establish this awful charge before you condemn these people as anti-Christian. Rev. F. J. Wilkin: Mr Chairman, Ladies and Gentlemen.—I begin to think we will not come to any definite conclusion. If ever I am involved in another debate the question will be made somewhat different. Mr Brown, when commencing his address acknow- ledged that he denies the deity of Jesus Christ, and yet he says that Christ lives in him, is shaping his life and moulding his character. He admitted that he believed that Jesus Christ lived in him and lived in the hearts and lives of millions. I don't see how Mr Brown can avoid the sequence that if Christ can thus live in the hearts and lives of millions in every part of the world at the same time, He must be God. I don't think it wise that we should continue to discuss farther the deity of the Lord Jesus Christ. I think it has been exhaustively dis- cussed. I brought forward 75 texts in which Christ claims to be God. I suppose these addresses will appear in the local press, and you will have all the statements laid before you, and I will ask you to compare them at your leisure. You remember Mr Brown spoke very tenderly and pathetically about the death of a little child, and the mother sitting with her heart bleed ing over her loss. He asked was it anti-Christian to comfort that mother with proof that her child still lived. I say no, it is not anti-Christian. It is just what Christianity has been say- ing for the last 19 centuries. It is just the kind of comfort that Chris- tianity gives to every broken heart. Jesus Christ spoke these truths cen- turies before Spiritualism was heard of. Modern Spiritualism is not as old as man. It was only started in 1848 in America. In the catacombs at Rome there were thousands upon thousands buried during the first three centuries. The inscriptions on the tombs say that when they departed this life they still lived in the presence of the glorious Redeemer, Christ. Christianity speaks confidently, I will prove the uncertainty of Spiritual- ism before I go any further. Spiritual- ism claims to speak certainty as to the departed, because Spiritualists have received manifestations from the un- seen. Some 50 years ago the knock- ings and rappings, called the Rochester knockings, were first spoken of. Since then knockings, rappings and tappings have been heard throughout the wide world. They have been examined by scientific men, who have tried to put the matter to the most scientific tests. They have been investigated by Pro- fessors Zollner, Fechner, Schreibner, in Germany; by Professor A. R. Wal- lace, a man in the foremost ranks of the scientific research of the day; Sir William Crookes, president of the Royal Society, and discoverer of the X rays; by a society in London called the Dialectical Society, and by the Society for Psychical Research in America. All these scientists acknow- ledge that there are manifestations from thc unseen. They say they have had manifestations to the touch, the sight and the hearing. Unfortunately many of these manifestations are of the most trival character. There are manifestations of table rapping, slate writing, and levitation of articles of furniture. All these are laid to the credit of some unseen, occult power, and science cannot by any of its known laws account for these different mani- festations, these strange phenomena. What is the conclusion come to by Spiritualists? They say by these manifestations they are put in com- munication with their departed friends. That is a tremendous assumption. Logicians say there should be nothing in the conclusion of your arguments that is not on the premises. Spirit- ualists assume too much. They have more in their conclusion than they have in their premises. From mecha- nical rapping they jump over an im- mense gulf to the conclusion that these are caused by their dead friends. Sup- pose I am going into my gateway, and I notice footprints on the sand. I may say my wife has been there, but logically I have no right to come to that conclusion. I have no right to jump from those footprints to the conclusion that my wife has passed through the gateway. Scientists are telling us that they are not sure that these manifestations are caused by any disembodied intelligence; they say that the facts tend to point in that direc- tion, but they are not ready to come to that conclusion. They await further evidence. Professor James says— "The whole subject is a perfect puzzle,'' Professor Sidgwick says —"I do not at present regard the theory of unem- bodied intelligences as the only hypo- thesis which will account for the facts." Owen, in his Debateable Land, says there is "no proof in the case of any spirit once celebrated either for good ness or talent, returning after centu- ries to enlighten or reform mankind." Mrs De Morgan, speaking to the mem- bers of the London Spiritualists Alli- ance, says on the question of identity, "There seems to be only fragments of similarity; the resemblances are not perfect." A luminous hand, a misty phantasm is not sufficient proof of identity. Stainton Moses says— "Verification cannot be got. Any in- formation given might have been gained by an observer.'' You remember last year in the Kerang Times there was published a long article by Dr. Hodg- son, a member of the Society for Psychical Research. He had, through the mediumship of Mrs Piper, many communications from a Dr. Phinuit. You have read the whole story. Hodgson said he could get no proof or test of the identity of the alleged spirit that was speaking. He often found the spirits could not spell their own names. They often made mistakes as to people who were dead, and Phinuit gave no explanation, and said he had no interest in religion. These testi- monies come from Spiritualists them- selves; and if Spiritualists doubt the identity, how is the uninitiated man helped? Spiritualists say that there are many earthbound or lying spirits who have no true moral consciousness, and only when these evil tendencies are overcome will the communication be trustworthy. We have to bear in mind that writings by the planchette often tell the truth, but often lies. Judge Edmonds says, referring to one case, that "the spirit spoke so many lies that he was absolutely disgusted with the exhibition.'' A. R. Wallace says "that absolute dependence cannot be placed on any individual." If you can't prove these manifestations are the result of disembodied intelligences, if you can prove they are liable to deceive, what definite conclusion can you come to? I bring everything to the bar of reason in this matter. We have been asked to weigh everything calmly and clearly in the light of reason. I have come to the conclusion that since identity has never been established, and that there are Con- fessedly many lying spirits, I am doubt- ful if the dead have ever communicated with the world. The character of the messages always depends on the character of the medium and the character of the person asking the question; and the answers to the wise man are not always in accordance with wisdom. It is said that Spiritualism is a system that has thrown light on the religious truths of the world: but I say it is a system that has revealed no new truth, and only emphasised a few of the teachings of the Lord Jesus Christ. If anyone says Spiritualism has revealed new truth to the world let him name it. (To be continued.) The past is the moEt ciuel of all mae- ters. A danger that jb known is a guido-post to Safely- The man who hanged himself wiih a lowel siuiply wiped himself out of ex istence. A IiouKe built upon the sand cannot have a permanent foundation ; and tbe eame may be said of eve y undertaking iu life. Sue- cea, to have a permanent effect, most be built upon something toiid» or it will crumble into stiea when te-micgly within our greep. Ihe foundation of anything of value must be carefully laid,' or it wjii soon become useless. This remark is particularly applicatue in reference to onr health, for if it is not firmly established through the blood being pare and the etoxnsch in regular order, we are liable at any thne to be fatally attacked by disease. HolluW«y6 fills and Ointment lay a foundation petmanent and strong as a rock. 