THE NOVELIST. "LADY LORRIMER'S SCHEME." CHAPTER III. It was just such another night as this,' begun Sir Hubert as liis littlo nudionco drew closer round him (including the curate, who sat a littlo on tho outsida of tlio circlo, as if not quito suro if ho ought to countonauce ghost stories) ; tho Miss \--Gillinghamo arranging themselves in picluresquo attitudes, and their brother crossing one leg over tlio other, and intontly admiring tho cloolc of his silk sock. ' It was just such a night as this : wild, wot, howling wind, pitch dark — I .1:. ought to begin liko that; only I can't, becauso it wusn't. It was a very fine summer night, quiet and starlight, now- V'piowii hay smells about, and nightingales, perhaps; and I stranded at a wayside junction, having missed my train. I didn't know what on oarth to do 1 1'hero was not a decent inn for miles round or train till next morning. Luckily I _ recollected that a brother officer of inino had his home noar. I remember tho name of the place, nnd as ho had always been a groat friond of mino, thought I would chance it. I hirod a baker's cart 'and drovu ovor to — I won't mention names, as tho story's true, romombcr. As \- luck would liuvo it, my friend was at home. It was late, and evorybody (tho liouso was full of visitors) gono to bed. ""Only my friond and a fow men up in tho smoking-room. I'liey gave 1110 somo supper, and we sat up a littlo, talking, l aud tlion A .showed mo up to my ream. It was an old, old country house '—Tudor, I think — and ns wo walked along tho passage ho pointed to a door and said with a laugh, ' That's the -haunted room ; we keep a ghost here !" Eilie Marshall shivered slightly. ' My room was next to it. When I j -was left alone, somehow I didn't feel a bit inclined for bed. (Perhaps it was tho lato supper.) Anyhow, tlio idea struck ino to look into tlio noxt room ; thoro was a door bctweon the two rooms. It soemed an ordinary, vary old-fashioucd room onough ' ' Big hod — oriel window — old oak furniture I don't forgot the properties,' sneered Arthur Uillinghamc. ' Arthur, bo quiet,' remonstrated his .elder sister. 1 Sir Hubert is tolling us a true story, nnd we're all very frightoned, remember.1 ,.:Sir Hubert hardly heeded tho inter ruption : lie went on as if talking to Effio Marshall alone, whoso largo bluo dyes were fixed on him. ' It didn't look particularly ghostly : . but, nnyhow, I thought I'd wait a bit, 'and sit down nnd seo what might turn up, or not turn up. And just thon the " clock struck twelve.' ' And what happened 1' cried May Trevor. 'Tlio ghost camo in I' replied Hubert, in a low voice. 1 Ha !' gasped Ellio Marshall, drawing a quick breath. ' Tlio door opened noiselessly. A .figure in whito, flooded with a greon light, a female figure, I think, with hair down, advanced into the room ; nnd there followed the most unearthly bloodcurdling shriek 1 over heard, nnd never wish to hear again,' added tlio narrator, insensibly lowering his voico, and droppiug his eyes on to tlio lloor. ' ' And what did you do 1' asked Bee .Qillinghnmc, after a moment's siienco all round. \- 'I boltod 1' said Sir Hubert simply. ' Well, plucky of you to tell us !' re marked Arthur Giliitighuine. ' Nut at all. I should do so again to-night under similar circumstances, I mil sura. I know quito woil what the unearthly, creepy feeling means, illiss Marshall, and I'm not ashninod to say so. rNet. for worlds would I liavu gone into that room again at night. I didn't toll jinyono then, though. My friend sent me "over quito early tlio noxt morning to catch iny train, anil I know nothing more .about tlio ghost or any story.' ' 'Awfully ruin tiling, though,' remarked Arthur Gillinghamo. 'I'm not easily put off iny balance, I think,' Sir Hubert added. 'I had a "plasty sliavo once when I fell off my horso, wounded and helpless ; I saw 11 Zulu, dead, as I thought, riso up in tho moon light and have a dig at mo ; and once, in Burmali, tigor-shooting on foot, a tiger charged me within a fow yards, aud I .saw the insido of his open mouth. But nothing gave mo a turn liko that ghost did.' Effio nodded at him sympathetically. ' I know, I know,' slio said, in a low whisper. ' I saw ono too, oneo.' j '1 Indeed, Miss Marshall,' sneered Miss Gillinghamo. ' Now, I should havo thought you wore tlio sort of person often to seo ghosts !' ' (July that once, ropliod Elba, with a siiivcr, quito impervious to tlio sneer, and shaking her head thoughtfully, her oyos staring at tlio carpet. Could you tell us 1' asked Sir Hubert gently. Slio lifted her oyes to liis. ' If you like.' 'Oh, do" asked Arthur Cillingliame, fastening tlio pretty littlo figure with his boilod gooseberry oyes. 'I was staying in a liouso in, but perhaps I'd bettor not tell you where,' began Effio in a low tono, as if talking to horsolf. ' There was a haunted room. Tho girls, ono night when we were nil brushing our hair in each other's rooms at bed-time, dared 1110 to go into it,' 'because I said I believed in ghosts. It was very unkind of them, bocauso I was dreadfully frightened, oil, dreadfully ! But they almost mada 1110 go, and I went. Down a long passnge, all alone, quito still tlio liouso was— oh 1 1 remombor now how still,' slio went on, with a shudder. ' And tho stable clock struck twelve. I turned the liundlo of the door, I opened it — I went in — the ghost was there, sitting in a big chair by tho fire- plnco ' and Effio ceased abruptly, covering hor fnco with her hands as if to shut out somo dreadful sight. 'But what was it liko ! 'What did it do 1 Perhaps you'd better not go on ; it's too much for you,' said Sir Hubert gently, laying his hand oil tho girl's bare arm. Jt was icy cold. ' At his touch Effio uncovered her face. It -was deadly white. 'I can't tell you, any more;' sho gaspod. 'I don't knpw any more, I think I must havo run away down the passage, and havo fainted, they found mo lying thoro. Papa was very angry ' ' Papa was very angry about what, my child V asked Mr. Marshall himself, coming up to tlio littlo group. Ellio's faco brightened up, and alio laid her hand clingingly ill liis. ' Its timo wo wore going, I think" added Mr. Marshall. 'Oil Mr. Marshall, and we wore just having such an interesting conversation,' murmured tho elder Miss Gillinghamo swcolly. 'Tolling ghost storms, ' added hor sister. 31 r. Marshall's face grew suddenly grave and harassed, and ho looked sharply ut his daughter. 'Come, Effie,' lie sniil firmly, without paying any nttontiun ; 'como and say goodnight to Mrs. Bucknall.' There was a general uprising as the Marshall took their leave. Effio hold out a cold little hand to Sir Hubert, who spoko over her head to tier father. ' I shall do myself the pleasure to ride ovor to Darfiold to-morrow afternoon, and call en Miss Marshall and see your horses.' ' I thought you were coming cubbing to-morrow, Sir Hubortl' put in Boo Gillinghamo. ' Too wot and too rough a night. Foxes won't Ho,' ho repliod and as tho Marslialls left tho room, himsolf took loavo of his hostess. Tho oldor inhabitants lingered a few moments bohind tho new- comers, who had just departed. Pretty littlo bit of what's-his-namo china, but nothing in hor,' drawled Arthur Gillinghamo to Mrs. Bucknall. ' Sir Hubert seemed to be of a different opinion,' put in tho canon good- humouredly. ' No, lio's been in the wilds for years, and hasn't sot oyes on a woman ' 1 Or a gown,' sighed May Trevor enviously. ' Mrs- Bucknall, did you ovor seo such a lovo of a gown 1' ' Dear Mrs. Bucknall, good-night,' Baid Miss Gillinghamo. 1 Thank you for such a pleasant evening. Charming man, Sir. Marshall. But tlio girl seems a perfect idiot I' ' Hubert Brio's just tlio same as ho used to bo,' remarked tlio canon to his wifo as tlio last carriage rolled away ; nnd he walked round tlio deserted drawing-room, thriftily blowing out tho wax candles. 'As nico as over,' echoed tho lady. 1 But really Augusta Gilliaghamo gets sourer every day.' CHAPTER TV. D.utriF.Ln Hall, as the crows flies, lies but two or three miles from Corno Court, but tho More rolls betwoen. To drive from one to the othor, you have to go round by Great Morcfinrd and over Morcliard Bridge. It was a still autumn afternoon as Sir Hubert Erie got into iiis dog-cart at his front door to go ovor to tlio Marslialls'. Tho leavos were sero and yollow in tho avonuo, nnd dropping noiselessly ono by ono on tlio damp groud. Tho rooks wore cawing loudly in a nowly upturned field across tho park paling. Outside the lodge-gate lies tho littlo village of Cerno, the church actually st Hiding 111 a corner of tho park. At tho last cottago in the straggling row— a quaint thatched little structure— Sir Hubort suddenly pulled up. ' Giles,' ho called to his servant, 'knock and see if Mrs. Morton is in.' No need. Hardly had the dog-cart stopped than a whito cap peeped over tho blind, nnd tho noxt moment a littlo old woman opened the door, her wrinkled face, rosy like a withered applo, beaming witli smiles. ' Heart alivo I and if it isn't my boy I' slio exclaimed, extending both hands and grasping those of tho tall young man, who had to stoop his head to enter tho little room. ' Bog pardin', Sir Hubert ; but, bless my soul, it do seem so nat'rnl- like to see you ngin 1' And two tears welled out of the sunken eyes and stoic down tho withered cheeks. Well, nurso, how are you V said Sir Ilulicrt, seating himself in the cushioned chair, and putting liis feet 011 a wonder ful hearth-rug, composed of different shrods of cloth and material all knitted together. ' All just tho same, I see,' he continued, looking round the room ; ' the red china dog wo used to admire so on the inantlepicco, and the coloured print of Trafalgar ; all our photographs, what sights wo were 1 and you, dear old nursy, not a day older-looking.' I'm fairly well for my years, thank tlio Lord I' said Airs. Morton, soating horsolf opposite liirn nnd smoothing lier apron, ' and comfortable, thanks to your good pa and poor Alaster Cyril as is gono I' And things shall be just the same now with mo, never you foar, nursy — the pnfinrrA f.ltn lifcfln nnnsSnn ' 1 And to seo you now and thon, Master Hubort, that's what I'm hungered for somotimes, tho sight o' some of your faces. That's mora to mo nor vittals a'most 1' ' Yes, indeed. In fact, I feel guilty at not having boon down to see you before. But, remember, I've only been home three days, and ovory minute of thorn I've bean pestored with tho bailiff, and tho tenants, and grooms and gardeners — there's so much to do, so much to soo to.' ' All, to think as W you're mastor hare, Sir Hubert ! Who'd ha' thought it J Poor dear Alaster Cyril ! IIo were always that venturesome, oven in tho nursery,' sho continued wiping hor oyos and shaking hor head. 'And my pretty Irene, too, married, and a ladyship now 1 And you be growed, I think, nnd quito tho soldior — and that's the scar, tho nasty wound they told mo of 1' slio added passing lior withered hand ovor his tannod cheek. 'Yes, nursy, there aro indeed great changes, though in many ways the old ploco scorns just tho samo as if I had novor boon away.' ' Thore's the old rector gono ; wo miss tho old rector.' ' But you've got a very zoalous, hard working parson, I hear.' 'Too hard-working for tho likes o' mo 1 Ho coraos from a big town does Parson Adams, whore there's lots of people, and plenty of bad 'uns. But down heroin Corno, littlo bit of a placo liko this, whoro wo knowseverybody, and overybodyknows tho parson, wo don't want a lot of classes and guilds, and mcotins', on'taimnonts, and what not, and a rushin' and toarin' up and down the placo, and a poppin' in and out o' folks' houses. Wo'ro quiet folks we arc, here. Why, in tho old days if anybody was ill or wanted tlio rector, we'd just go up to tlio rectory and seo liim or Miss Aliirjorio ' 'All, Mim Marjoriot I'vo not been able to got down tho Grange yot. How is sho 1' She's just tlio samo'Th 'herself. But, lor 1 sir to soo. hoty you'd hover \ think she was the thin little slip of 'a 'girl as' you left. Sho'd grow'd up that fino and tall and straight, nnd lier voice that sweot, it do yon good to hear it, lot nlono what sho says.' Sho conies to soo you.somotimos 1' ' In course sho do. Slid bo nbout tho village just the same in lier father's time, and folks do say- — ' nnd 'tho woman stoppod with a littlo meaning smile. 1 Well, and what do folk say 1' 1 As how Atiss Marjoio '11 live agin at the Rectory yot. 'Tis common talk. Why, Sir Hubort, only a few weeks back; at Sunday-school, she was askin' littlo Ned. Bryant (him as is half as ' innorcont,' ye know) what a miracle was. ' Why.' ho sezs, ho up and sezs, ' Mother sezs it '11 bo a mirncio if you don't marry th' now parson." r.: .! vi :. ' And Mi«s Alarjorio! Didn't half liko', it, 'specially as the rector was a standin' by. But lor 1 Noddy's three .parts." 'daft, yo know, sir, and I, for my ' port, think it 'ud be a good job if slio did. Sho'd quiet him down with hor yoico, would Miss Mar- jorie, and lie needs a power o' quiotin' down. He's a deal, too 'fidgety for my taste.' Hero tho old clock in tlio cornor chimed tho hour and reminded Sir Hubert of fleeting timo. Ho got up, promising soon to look in again, and was presently bowling down the hilt towards Morchard Bridge. Miss Marshall 1 was" at home. Thoro were others callers : Air. Blayke, ingrati ating himself with Air. Marshall and tho Miss Gillinghames, the oldor of whom was intent on doing the samo tiling, and had driven ovor on purposo. Of Boo Uillinghame it was said in tho hunting field that if Mr. Bluyko. hunted the Loam- shire hounds, she hunted Air. Blayke. But hitherto lier chose hod been futile. Effie Alarshall Sir Hubert found to bo evon prettier in mourning than in even ing dress ; which is saying a great doul. But then, hor complexion pud her colour ing we're hor strung" points, rather thon Iter features or expression.' She received him with a faint blush nnd with undis guised pleasure,' prattling to him as to an old acquaintance. Presently tho party adjourned to the stables to inspect Mr. Alarshall's stud, walking two and two, Noah's Ark fashion, Sir Hubort bringing up the rear with his little.-hostoss. ' Do you ride, .Miss Alarshalll'; Oh, no. It's very silly, but I'm so norvous with horses. I suppose I lose a lot of fun I' 1 Perhaps. . But I'm not "sure that tho horsey young lady of the prcsont day is not overdone. AVc can't get rid of her. Slio is always with us, in tlio stables, riding over us in tho hunting-field, in the gallery at Tattorsall's.' ' ' Then you don't think I'm silly 1 I'm so glad. I'm always being told I ought to ride and drive.' you arc,' replied Sir Hubert, liis oyes echoing tho admiration of liis words, till Effio's fell before thorn, -'and she reddened. Tho two did not linger long in tlio stables. Leaving the others in earnest discussion, bending down "to the straw to feel this and that , quadruped's legs, as each was stripped in succession, and, with a Got h'over,' exhibited for inspection, they turned out of a 'side door' into tho garden' -, : „ '-vi : 1 What a chaos, isn't it I An autumn garden always seems so sad, such a wreck. These blackened geraniums, theso over grown tangled flower-beds. It makes one quite melancholy,' sighed Effio. ' You ought not to feelmoloncholy at your age,' said her' companion, looking at Iter sunny head and almost childish face. So papa is always saying, but I do ofton, I don't know why. Ono can't always explain one's feolings, can onot See, the last rose of summer. Have a button-hole, Sir Hubert!1 They wore standing in a littlo roso- garden, under a south wall, and sho plucked him a palo gloiro bud. 'Thanks,' ho replied, settling it in his coat, and returning to her question. 1 No, one can't, like the creapiness we were talking of yesterday.' Her face changed. A frightened look stole into her eyes. . . ' Ah ! that night at Alilverton Manor,' she gasped, shuddering.:— — r:_ , .. . 1 Alilverton Alanor V repeated Sir Hubert, surprised, ' "Was your ghost at Milvcrton Manor 11. i „ J. ', She nodded... ' Why, so was mino. How strange.' ' It was when I was stavintr there with a school friend, last Alay.' ' Last Alay 1 It was May wlion I stayed the night there, it could not : pos sibly be, it wore too ' odd; Could you remember the date 1 I know it was tho week before the Derby, a. Thursday— ' 1 'It was. a Thursday, I do romomber, because I had gono to spend Wednosday tho 23rd, Clara's.' ' Thursday ' You walked in — ' 1 You sat" in the cliair— '- Thoro was a moment's silence. Both stood stock-still, looking at eaoh other. Then Effie burnt into an uncontrollable, almost hysterical fit of laughter, in which Sir Hubert joinod, 'Ha! ha I The rummlesbihing I pver heard in ray life." ' You were my ghost— ' ' And you mino I' sho cried. Then suddenly sho grow grave, and draw a long breath.'!: 'Oh! . yqu don't know I Its such a "relief; it's haunted me, weighed upon ino, all these months, like an evil dream. T could hot got rid' of the memory of that horrible night, I was quite ill for days after, that was how I novor hoard . of your," flying visit, I sup pose! . Sir Hubert grow grovo too. , ' I am so sorry to havo boen the canse ; I am, indeed,' ho said, in a very con cerned tone.; - 'Oh, nevermind! .'It's all right now, and I shall nover, nover be frightoned again. I am so glad it was you ! she cried, executing a little pirouette like a ploasod child. 'What tho joke! asked Beo Gilling- hamo's rather shrill voice, as the rest of tho party came round the corner. r'Oh, papa, papa, only think! cried Effio, running up to her fntlior nnd cling- to him. ' It's all cleared up, all explained, I feel so happy I' ' What is nil oxplnincd I asked Air. Marshall of Sir Hubert. ' Our mutual ghost,' replied tho latter, as ho told the story. 'As ho listened Mr. Alarshall's brow cleared, and liis faco grew almost happy. 'Very well, thon, my child,' ho said, patting his daughter's cheok. 1 That's all right, and we'll forgot all about it,' ho added, turning to tho other ladies. ' Como into tho houso and havo somo tea.' But Effio shtt a wicked glance at Sir Hubort behind her father's back. ' I shan't forgot,' slio whisporod shyly. ' Nor I,' ho replied in tlio same tone, feeling, somehow, oddly lisppy over tlio link which they hwl established botwocn them. Thoy all wont into tho drawing-ioom to tea, and Alius Gillinghamo was shown rooms and admired everything profusely, Air. Marshall's old oriental china, his Japnnoso curios, his Indian draperies. Sir Hubort sat by Effio at tho tea-table in tho bow window which looked out across tho lawn down to tlio river. ' How near Corno looks from hero,' ho remarked. I can traco the avonuo trees distinctly, nnd tho Homo Wood. Yot it is a long way round to drivo.' ' There is a short cut across tho fields and over tho rivor,' said Effio. ' I often use it to go to Studloy Grango.' 'Do you know Miss Aston, then! asked Hubort. 'Know Alarjorio 1 Indeed I do !' cried Effio joyously. ' She's tho greatest frioud I have yet mado down horo. Somohow or other, tho Alias Gillinghames — one's so old, and tho othor so ' ' Horsey ! 'Woil, yes, but Marjorio, Alarjorio Aston, is just so nice. She is so quiot, and restful, and soothing. Even if I have ono of my headaches, and thoy are bad, you know, sometimes, Marjorio's incre voico seems to sootho it, and hor soft brown oyos, that look into one, you know— — 1 ' I havo not seen Miss Aston sinco — sinco sho wore short frocks and a pigtail. But sho was always very sweet.' 'So sympathetic I 1'in just devoted to Alarjorio. I often punt mysolf across tho rivor and run over tho fields to tho Grange.' ' A pleasant walk. Will you take me back that way 1 I will send tho dog cart homo by tlio road ' ' And go and seo Matjorio 1 Do 1 I've so often hoard her talk about you.' ' Havo you I She's not forgotten mo ! 1 Oh dear, no 1 Yes, certainly you shall go across the river and seo Marjorio.' ' Bo taken hy you, Miss Marshall 1 I do not think I havo tiino to go and call nt tho Grango today. I have a man waiting to see me at homo ; it will save time if you wilt bo so nico as to put mo over the river.' And a quarter of an hour later Hubert found himsolf with Effio at the river seat. Tho autumn nftornoon was drawing in. A mist wus rising up tho river ; tho rooks camo ulanging homo, winging their way across tho moadows to tlio Avenue at Cerno. Otherwise, the world was very still. The More, here broad and placid, between green pastures, flowed quietly on Hii)j iriugvii WIVII yuuuw reuua. uy tho river Beat, under tho weeping willow, tho grass was already brown nnd rank. Effio stepped into tho punt and soeized tho pole. 'No, indeed,' said Sir Hubert, taking it from her, and, pointing to the low seat at tho far end, he pushed oft from tho bank. He punted idly, and over so slowly. The sun had set imperceptibly in a hazy bank of grey clouds behind Cerno Hill, leaving a yellow glow in the west. The twilight deepened as the mist came np all round tho horizon ; the air was very still. A moor-hen darted across the stream, and a water-rat, with a sudden scurry and a splash, dived into the bank. Effie sat nt the end of tlio punt prattling. But to Hubort Erlo it seemod as if the end of tho journey camo all too soon. "Where a footpath from across the meadows reached tho bank, ho ran the punt up to tlio shore and jumped out, offering Effio a hand. Show mo tho way a bit, won't you! said lie. 'You don't pretend you've forgotten it! slie answered, with a toss of her head. 'Let us seo,' was liis reply, as he tied up tho punt, and thoy sot off together across tho misty meadows. Thoro is a certain stiio, and when you havo climbed, nssistcd, perhaps, as was Effio, by being jumped off tho top rail, you find yourself in a lane bctweon two rows of pollard willows. This leads up the hill and to Come village ; a narrow path across tho meadow to tho right takes you to tho farm-house known as Studley Grango. Tt was whiio Effio was in tho act of jumping from tho top of tho ctilo and of seizing Sir Hubert's outstretched hands as she alighted, that two figures turned the corner out of tho latter path. Ono was that of a clergyman, thin, smooth- shavon, long-coated, with clerical felt hat with cords. The other was that of a girl, tall and graceful. Effio looked up with a glad cry of surprise. ' Alarjorio ! CHAPTER V. ' I think I must hurry on to tho teachers' mooting,1 said tho Reverend Edgar Adams rather constrainedly, as the four stood a moment togotlior by tho stiio. ' I hope to do myself tlio pleasure of a call in a day or two, Sir Hubert ; but, just now, I really have not a minute ' and he hurried off down the lane, his long cost swinging about liis logs. ' And I must mako haste homo bofore it gets dark,' cried Effio to Sir Hubert and Alarjorio. Boyond a more formal hand-shako and a muttered word or two, nothing had bcon said on either side, and it was to Effie Sir Hubort spoke. ' Let us seo you to tho punt.' ' Yos,' said Alarjorio, ' wo will soo you to the punt.' Tho meadow path was very narrow, and tho edges of tlio grass deep and muddy. Sir Hubert walked bohind, and tho two girls, ono so tall, tlio other so petite, in front. Tho latter did all tho talking. ' To think of your turning up just now. And wo had boon talking about you, Alarjorio,' said tlio younger girl, passing hor arm in that of hor friond. ' You dear thing I And I haven't scon you for an ago ; lot mo see, two whole days 1 Fancy. I'vo such a lot to tell you ! haven't we, Sir Hubert 1 All about our dinnor-party, last night, suoh a nico dinnor-pnrty, wasn't it ! turning round. _ ;< ' Very pleasant,' from behind. ' ' 'And thon, oh, Aiarjorie, something, wondorful has happened 1 She'll hover guess, will she, Sir Hubert ! (laughing). - Gueaz what ! Why, about tho ghost, tho ghostoss — Thoro woro two gliostmiira Sitting on two poatesscs, &c.;, sc. — you know, AInrjorio, ghosts, the ghosts, our ghosts, oh, Sir Hubert ! ' Our ghosts,' ho returned emphatically.' That sounds very ominous,' said Marjorio Aston, who had hardly spoken yot. 'Doosn'tit! But it isn't, though 1 ' Unless pleasantly ominous of our acquaintanceship,' put in tho young man bohind. ' But it's too long a story to tell now. Como ovor to tea soon, will you, darling Marjorio, and we'll have a long chat.' 'To-morrow afternoon is filled up,1 said Alias Aston, gravely looking down into tho bright littlo faco. And tho day after we've a visitor coming. But ono I want you to know. So como over and lunuh, will you, thore's a dear f ' And mo,' put in Hubert, as ho assisted her into tho boat. ' Now you'vo so kindly refreshed my memory about tho short cut ovor tho meadows, may I bo allowed to uso it ! 1 Oh, yos, if you liko,' responded Effie, seizing tho polo und pushing off. ' Oh, then I shall like! he laughed. But not for two or three days, worse luck ; I've got to run up to London to seo those wretched lawyers! He lifted his hat, the punt shot away down stream, Effio nodding her head at them. Tiie two stood a fow moments on tho bank till tho skiff had disappeared round a roach aud was hiddon by somo willows. I must bo going on,' said Marjorio. ' Tim parson will bo waiting,' smiled Hubert, as thoy turned up tho path again. Ho swept n glnnco ovor. tlio_ toll figure at his side. ' Why, Aiarjorie, Ishouldn't have known you if I'd met you! ' Nor I you,' sho answered in a low voico, stealing n look nt him. ' Old Nurse Morton's been tolling mo I'vo ' growed. ' ' 1 It's so long ago siuco you went away! Seems so to you, doesn't it 1 Well, what must it seem to- mo who knocked about so, so many changes — tho Capo — Burmah — Alalto— Egypt— horo you seam all just the same way, except that every body looks older. I begin myself to feel quite venerable. I suppose it is by comparison with that child. What a dainty littlo thing it is ! ' Effio's n swoot, dear little girl 1 I'm vory fond of hor. She's so affectionate, so craving for sympathy! ' There is something vory taking indeed about lier besides her prottincss! ' She's very excitable, and not strong, I fear. Sho suffers so from lieadachos! ' slio wants taking care of, deciuml Sir Hubort, with masculine superiority; she's very frail, I should fear! ' I do all I can,' said Alarjorio. ' but I can't seo so much of her as I should wish. I am vory busy, mother, tho parish ' 1 How is your mother, Alaijorie ' ' Very much altered. She has grown quito old Sinco father's death, and is so often vory ailing; it is not all fancy. Sho loans utterly on mo! ' I can understand that. 1 You're 110 broken reed, either, Aiarjorie. You always wore sympathetic, you always did understand what people felt and wanted, you know! Alarjorie's pale face, sho had too littlo colour, flushed with pleasure and lier eyes sparkled at Sir Hubert's words. Sho did not speak, however, and thoy reached tho stile. Aiarjorie was much toller than Effio and needed no assistonco to mount it. Sho did not toko Sir Hubert's prof- forcd linnd. ' And Bill,' ho asked, as they walked np the lane. ' I have not inquired after Bill! 1 Bill is well, I boliovo, and happy, I trust. Ho's engineering in Brazil! 'How we're nil scattered now, Aiar jorie. You and I seem the only two left! 'Yes, indeed,' she answered, ' the only two left! !' Thoro was another silonce. Marjorio could not trust herself to speak, Iter heart was too full. Tlio lano turned into a by-road and past a group of rather poor cottages, whence children ran out to bob a curtsoy and pull a forelock at their new squire. Alarjorio patted ono grubby urchin on the cheek and inquired after its sick sister ; thon, as thoy pursued tliair way, slio said timidly — 'Thoso cottages are dreadfully un hygienic, Air. Adams thinks, Sir Hubert.' Ho looked up as if thinking of some thing eiso. ' Yos. AVhat 1 I know, I know ! I shall do np all the cottages on tho estate. I'vo mado up my mind to seo about it. Soino aro in a shocking condition. But, listen, Alarjorio, I was thinking, about a littlo lunch party, if Airs. Perquisites will let me. (I'vo got such a now housekecpor, Aiarjorie ; I'm awfully afraid of her.) I thought of asking Air. Alarshall and liis daughter ovor, and will you comol I'll ask tho new parson, too! 'I think you'll find Air. Adams too busy for inuch society, and I don't know about my mother sparing me, Sir Hubort! 'Oh, nonsense! you must como; and look here, Aiarjorie,' he continued : ' pray don't 'Sir Hubert' mo. Really, niter all theso years we'vo been friends, ever sinco wo woro children, it's too absurd! It was getting quito dusk, and tho road hero was dark underneath tho trees. He could not seo hor faco as ho looked across at hor (tlio lano was muddy and sho was walking somo way from him) but sho gave a littlo short laugh. ' Ah 1 we're not exactly children now, you seo! A bnkor's cart camo tearing by at that momont, nnd separated them still further. Then tlio road turned into tlio village streo, and lights began to glimmer in tho cottago windows. Ha crossed over to her. You will come, won't you, Maijorio? You seo it's easier lor mo to get Aliss Marshall if there's another lady coming. Sho caught her breath. _ Yes, I understand. It's easier for you to got Aliss Alarshall if I come. Very well, thon! Thoy had reached tho rectory gate, and AInrjorio paused. ' This is where I am duo nt tho teaeliors' meeting. Good-night,' and slio held out her hand. ' Good-night. I'll write when I'vo squared Airs. Perquisites. Sho says she is not ' straight ' yot. Good-nighty AInr jorio, and toll your mother I'm coming to seo hor when I return from London! Marjorio opened tlio gato and turned into tlio familar rectory garden. The now incumbent had turned the coach house into what ho called Ins 'parish room,' and which he used almost nightly during tho winter months for various parochial gatherings. It was lit up now, and singing proceeded from it. But Alarjorio turned in tho opposite direction. Though it was now almost dark, she know her way perfectly among tlio garden paths whoro slio had played as a child. Sho took ono which wound round tho lawn towards tho shrubbery, the shrub bery where she and Bill lind mado hiding-places in tho past. Slio stopped at the cornor where, under a laurustinus bush, a white stono gleamed in the gloom. Sho know tlio inscription well, for had slio not painted it with her own hands, years ngo t To Smudge, ' Faithful nnd Truo! But no ono but horsclf lmd ovor known nil sho had meant by those thrco words, 1 faithful and true,' and novor, till to night, had sho so realised thoir meaning. ' Faithful nnd true,' she wailed to her self, standing still in front of the littlo tomb, and wringing her hands. ' 'Faithful and truo ' I have been; and bills 19 vllv villi Ul Iv 1 XXu IIU9 CQiilw .UilvKy I have scon him, spoken to him, and tho coining back is worse than tho leaving I Ah 1 Smudgo, dear old Smudge,' sho added, ' there is more buried hero than you ! Tho autumn wind camo up from tho river, wailing through the churchyard trees, with a melancholy sigh, and tlio dead leaves fluttered down upon her. Alarjorio pulled horself togother, and dried her eyes almost fiorccly. This is weak, this is foolish ! slio said to herself angrily, and turned and wont in to tho teachers' meeting. CHAPTER VI. AIabjome Aston lmd beon into Loam- hampton shopping, two days after her meoting with Sir Hubert Erie, and was returning by tlio train in the dusk of an autumn afternoon. It is a little branch lino which runs tho county town pnst Great Alorchard, the nearest station to Corno, nnd tlio cumpany is careful and thrifty in tho matter of gas. Alarjorio was too early for tho train, and sat her self down in tho dim waiting-room. It was a drizzling, disagreeablo ovening. Tlio down oxpress on tlio main lino had halted a moment or two at Loamhamp- ton, and vanished into a gloom. Tho station-master and all tho porters appeared to havo gone houie to tea. Aiarjorie fancied herself the only passenger at tho atttuuiii But a sound of voices from tho equally dark Indies' waiting-room next door pre sently uudcceivod hor. The door stood ajar, and bccanio tho involuntary hearer of the following conversation— ' You put in my grey and orange ten- gown, Rosalie ! ' Yes, ra'ladi (in a foreign accont), I did put him in. I zouglib you would vant him. Alademoisello horo is always so bien mine! ' Oh yes ; I shall want a lot oi clothes hero. As you say, mademoiselle dresses well : well, and so sho ought' 'Ah! m'ladi, wid her colour, her hair. Alodemoissclle is not forte, not clevarc, liko m'ladi. To press is all she hns! 'You're right there, Rosalie,' replied the other, with a little unpleasant laugh. ' Poor little fool ! but I do envy hor her frocks sometimes. ' And then for monsieur, m'ladi I For monsieur, I zouglit vo vould bring de orange tea-gown do red zcrgc which go so well to m'Jadi's hair. Zero in monsieur to vliom we must zink. ' Rosalio, you talk too much, and I lot you. I'vo no designs in that quarter witli the red serge from town, I assure you. Now hold your tongue, and listen. I want you to get round madenioisollo's maid, and use your oyos and copy somo of hor dresses. I tell you I'm very hard up just now, Aladame Chiffon and tlio rest are all worrying witli their bills ; I must get somo of my new winter gowns looked up liore. You understand mo, Rosalio ! _ ' Atais oui, m'ladi. But it will take time! ' There's no hurry, Rosalio. I mean to stay here somo while. It does not suit mo to go back to town and Bet up house keeping just yot, but I depend on you to mako something out of this visit for my drosses.' 'Tres roluntiors, m'ladi, as wo stay long. Ah 1 mademoisollo will rejoice her heart, sho adores mladio. If I might ofior a counsel to m'ladi, it would bo to stay for always. Alonsieur is rich, voiy rich ; I10 admires ra'ladi ; I seo it ' ' ltosalio, you lot your tonguo run on a great deal too fast ! I hear a noise. Go and see if that's tho train! Two minutes later tho trainlot for Great Alorchard amply into tho station, and aftor a duo delay, amplcd out again into tho misty twilight across tho watery meadows and over tho winding Aloro, sovoral times, on low noisy bridges. ' AVhat a nico person to havo to come nnd stay in one's house,' thought Alarjorio to herself, as sho smiled ovor tho nbovo- rccordod dialogue. At Great Alorchard station lamps woro lit. Tho first person Aiarjorie saw, as alio doscondod, parcol-laden, was Effio Marshall standing under a gas lamp, looking up and down tho platform with a bewildered air, as if seeking someone. Alajorio was advancing towards her, when a voico behind called — ' Effio ! Tlio girl turned hastly, eagerly, and then rushed towards a woman who had just alighted. ' I thought you would como and meot mo,' said the latter, as thoy embraced. The voice was tho voico heard in tho waiting-room. Marjorio could not holp half turning round and taking mental stock of tho owner. She was a tall woman, of fivo or six- and-twenty, fashionably dressed, and what tho society papers term ' smart! A second glance snowed hor to be undo liiably handsome in an uncommon and and rather attractive style, black hair, steel-grey oyes, cold, hut brilliant, a nose and chin with a good deal of character, but with lips which, when closed, were s trifle too tight uud thin for umiabiiity. 1 1 felt you wanted me, I folt as if I must como,' answere l Effie, clinging to her. . ' Papa thought it too wet, but, dear Lady Lorrimer, I felt I must como! As thoy passed through to tlio carriage, not noticing Aiarjorie, who stood in the shadow. ' Dear mo,' said someone, coming np behind. 1 Why, Alias Aston, is that Lady Lorrimer como to stay with tho Mar- shrills ! The speaker was Airs. Bucknall, come to the station about a parcel. 'Effio called her by that namo. Do yon know her ! ' I meet hor about, when wo aro up in residence, nt my cousin's in Queen's Gate chiefly. She's a woman who's about in London a great deal! ' Who is sho ! ' Sho was one of the Allcrton ' girls— they were all liko that ; handsome, striking, clever. That is Lilah. Site married old General Sir John Lorrimer nnd went ont to India. Ho was old enough to bq her father, and, if it did not sound malicious, I should say ho disappointed her ; for she was loft very badly off at his death! ' Sho seems to be a lively young lady! ' All tho Allerton's woro that, too lively for my taste! ' I wonder what brings hor down here t ' .'Can't imagine. Porhaps sho whoa 'designs on poor Air. Alarshall 1 ' Bevare of viddies ! as Air. Weller, souior, said! lauelied Airs. Buckhall crood-humouredlv. ' Won't you come in and have a cup of tea on your way home, Aiarjorie ! 'No thanks; tho pony-cart is waiting for me, and I'm crowded up witli pareels! That ovening, after tlio heterogeneous meal they called ' high ten,' and which they affected, woman-liko, Marjorio was a littlo perturbed to find time lier mother lmd 11 sclicme in her head. Now, Mrs. Aston vciy rarely lmd any original ideas or plans. Slio left that sort of thing to her capnblo daughter. Never, even in her young days, nt all a clever woman, sinco lier husband's death Airs. Aston had aged beyond her years, and settled down into a chronic valetudinarianism, tempered with peovishness, which would havo mado hor a trying companion for anyone less sweet- tempered than Aiarjorie. ' I do think,' she began, looking up from tlio knitting she was doing for Air. Adams's new Needlework Guild, of which she was the sheet anchor — ' I do think you might havo found a day to drivo me over to call at Darfiold before now! ' I did suggest it, mother, soon after the Marslialls came. But you said tlio weather was too damp for you! 'So it is. But wo'vogotSt. what's his name's littlo summer to leok forward to ; and I am quito willing to sacrifico myself for you, dear child, even if my cough— — ' ' AVhat do you mean, mother 1 Effie knows quite well you don't get out much! nover mniu ; J. mean to go ovor, nnd to-morrow. I havo iny reasons, dear,' sho continued, nodding sngely. ' Certainly, mother. AVillio shall drive you. I want to got this sketch done for the club this month ' ' No, no, I won't go with Willie. That boy is too disreputable-looking ! Really, Alarjorio' — and Airs. Aston looked ready to cry — ' I think you might liavo more consideration for my feelings, when you know how different things were in your door father's time, than to want to send nie out to call at Darfield driven by a raw plough ' 'Very well, very well, mother. I'll drive you, by all means! ' Besides, I particularly want you to go with mo. Littlo Aliss Alarshall has evi dently taken a great fancy to you, and is always asking you over, and Mr. Alarshall so civil. There's 110 knowing ' and Airs. Aston nodded sagely again. Alarjorio eould not hour hints. Slio got up, and said gently — ' Alothor dear, would you mind my fokh'S tlicso school accounts into the dining-room ? I work so mucli bettor at them if I am quite alone, and Air. Adams wnnts them to-mor ' ' There 1 Isn't that what I was saying tho othor day! returned tho lady, trium phantly, as tho door closed, nnd Marjorio departed in peace. AVlien the Astons woro ushered into tlio drawing-room at Darfield tlio follow- ing afternoon, to Airs. Aston's chagrin Air. Marshall was not visible. But sho soon forgot nil about liiin in lier dolight at being introduced to so smart-looking a porsoiiago as Lady Lorrimer. (to be continued.) 