THE MIRACLE OF ST. JANUARIUS. There are many signs by whioh God points out the Catholic Church as the trne Church of Christ, and raises her amidst ' the nations of the world as the standard of troth and justice. Foremost amongst these signs are the miracles, which God never ceases to work, to confirm her teaching and to testify to the sanctity of her saints. Loretto, Lourdes, and Lalouesc, and many other holy places have been, and still are, the witnesses of innumerable blessings and graces showered down upon the pious pil grims. None but an infidel can visit these places without being strengthened in hsi faith and receiving that spiritual consola tion which the Holy Ghost produces in the .souls of the children of God. No wonder, therefore, that the Materialists of our times become enraged whenever they hear it related that Almighty God, by a miracle, has deigned to interrupt the regular course of nature, and to manifest the power which controls all the natural laws. But all their vehement denunciations of the fanaticism and stupidity which prompt the belief in miracles are of no avail. Miracles do not cease, nor does the belief in miracles. A striking proof of this is the miraculous liquefaction of the blood of Saint Januarius, which for many centuries has taken place every year before the eyes of the whole world, and will be witnessed again by the thousands of spectators in the beginning of May. Thousands of sceptics and unbelievers have journeyed to Naples to watch the proceedings with argus eyes in order to lay bare the fraud and to dis cover the natural causes that produce the phenomenon. But up to now no one has been successful. On the contrary, many an unbeliever has again found the true faith, and many have received the grace of becoming members of the Catholic Church. We only mention the conversion of the great historian, Frederick von Hurter. Sir Humphrey Davy, one of the greatest of modern chemists, investigated the whole matter most carefully, and arrived at the conclusion that it is impossible to explain the phenomenon by natural causes. Even Alexander Dumas, whom nobody will call a bigot, was forced by what he saw to con fess that the miracle was genuine. After having related what he had seen, he thus refutes the current objection to the genuineness of the miracle :—" Shall we now say that there is a secret which has been concealed since the fourth century, from generation to generation, by the canons in charge of the treasure ? Suppose there be such a secret. In this case their -reticence, I must say, is more wonderful than the miracle itself. Hence I prefer to believe in the miracle itself, and I declare that I do believe in it." The genuineness of the miracle is further guaranteed by the testimony of Peter Punzo, a professor of chemistry at the University of Naples. As the investiga tions of this professor were undertaken at the order of de Luca, who is a freethinker and infidel, their object was not to strengthen the faith in the miracle or to contribute to the edification of the Chris tian world. Hence the result is the more .valuable. Balaam came to pronounce a ourse, but it was a blessing that he did pronounce. Our readers know in what the miracle consists. It consists in this, that the co agulated blood of St. Januarius, which is preserved in a glass bottle, becomes liquid as often as it is brought near the skull of the saint. This is done on three different occasions in the course of the year—on the anniversary of the translation of the relics of the Baint (at the beginning of May), and during the Octave, nine times; in Septem ^ ber, during the Octave of his feast, eight ' times, and once on the day of the patronage of the Saint, on December 16. Professor Punzo minutely describes the ■ vessel in which the sacred relic is pre . served; he tells us that the blood has the appearance of a . firmly coagulated dark brown substance, and describes the festivi ties that precede and accompany the miracle, of all of which he was an eye-witneBB in May and September of 1880. Then he relates the series of observations made for the purpose of explaining the phenomenon " by natural causes. They may be reduced to the following points;— (1). Absolute instability and irregularity as regards the change of the volume when the blood changes from the liquid into the coagulated state. Sometimes it expands when it becomes liquid, sometimes it re tains its volume.. In May, 1880, it expan ded so much as to fill the whole bottle, and it retained this volume when it became hard up to the month of September. But in September, when it became liquid again, it contracted to its ordinary volume. (2). Instability as regards the time it takes to become fully liquid. Sometimes . two minuteB are sufficient for the change; at other times it takes two hours and more. (3). Instability of the secondary pheno mena accompanying the liquefaotion, as the bubbling, etc. (4). The temperatures of the niche and the chapel are the same. The difference, at the utmost, is one degree at any time of the year. The difference in temperature, therefore, cannot have had the slightest influence on the acceleration or retardation of the phenomenon. (5) The surfaces of the double glass covering of the reliquary are perfectly smooth; when the vessel is touched and kissed, the changes of temperature it undergoes are altogether similar to those any other glass vessel is subject to under the same circumstances. The same applies to the metallic part of the reliquary. On the basis of these observations. Pro fessor Punzo with care and accuracy examines the question whether or not the present phenomenon may be explained by either of two causes which alone might ac count for it: heat and chemical agency. As regards the first cause, there are, in deed, artificial mixtures which become liquid at a temperature of less than 30 degrees C. Professor Punzo made a mix tare of tincture of curcuma and soda soap, adding a minute quantity of ammonia. The mixture looks like coagulated blood, and becomes fluid when it is in immediate contact with the band, but when the source of heat is at a distance of a few centimetres, and especially when, as is the case in the reliquary, it is separated from the substance by a double glass covering, a high temperature is required to melt it. Some attempted to explain the lique faction of the blood by the warming of the glass through the kisses of the faithful; but the blood is kissed after it has become liquid. Others say that it is influenced by the heat of the candle which is held by a cleric at a distance of a pace or two from the relic, and is continually changing its distance; others, again, think that the candles on the altar are responsible for the liquefaction. All these ridiculous explanations Profes . sor Punzo rejects, with the remark that such only can put them forth as have never seen the phenomenon or have no notion whatever of experimental science. The observations regarding the insta bility of time and volume exclude the pos sibility of explaining the liquefaction by a difference of temperature between the niche and the chapel. Still less tenable is the hypothesis that it is due to the action of heat coming from outside or being com municated at the glass vessel by a medium, e.g., a metallic wire or an electric current or warm air conducted to the vessel through a pipe. To dream even of such an explanation is only possible when one forgets that the bottle is within the sight of all people, and is only separated from them by two transparent plates of glass; it is fastened to the rel quary with a kind of cement, and well corked and sealed. Hence it is altogether out of question that dissolving substances be brought into the bottle. Professor Punzo thus concludes his re marks : " If, then, neither heat nor chemi cal agency can be the cause of the lique faction, and if neither this nor the other phenomena connected with it may be explained in any other natural way, it follows that science in its present develop ment is unable to give a solution of the miraculous problem." How modest modern science is in drawing conclusions from given facts when they touch on the supernatural sphere. But let us at least record this confession of inability. By it Professor Punzo has stigmatized the frivolous interpretations of all those who think themselves entitled to pass over ; tho miracle of St. Januarius with the pro fanity of unbelief. Science is forced to, acknowledge that she stands before an in explicable mystery — she, therefore, con , siders it a matter of prudence to postpone her answer indefinitely, and in the mean time to wall herself behind unknown causes. Are the scientists not convinced that the phenomena to be explained, es pecially the instability of the volume and the time it takes the blood to liquefy in spite of the~ sameness of the circumstances, cannot be the outcome of physical causes, which always produce the same result under the 'same circumstances! If they are not convinced of this, they cannot pos sibly uphold the stability of the laws of nature, which is the foundation of all natural sciences. Let them admit that the finger of God is visible here,.tut the scien tists of Egypt did when they were unable to imitate the miracles of Moses. Let them admit that God glorifies His martyr in his blood, and that He intends to teach the world that He is atill the Lord of All and the Master of the UmTerse.— " Bombay Catholic Examiner. Be must have been a bright boy—a very bright little boy—who saicl to his mother: " I wish a lion would eat me up." " Why ?" the mother asked. " Because it would be each a gd joke for the lion. He would think I wal inside of him, and I Bhould be up in heaven." 