IjADIJKH' COLUMN ENGLISH LETTER. Soon we shall have to bogin to talk about those half-yearly blessings bo dear to a feminine heart — the sales ; though wo seem only juBt to have finished disposing of the pnrohasos mado by ua at tho winter sales. I know for a faot that the meanB of having delightfully np-to-dato materials will bo reudy to hand for us, beoauae I havo inter viewed oortain authorities on the aubjeot, and, therefore, this week I havo beon setting down various models, whioh will be conven ient for UBing tho materials wnion wo pnau inevitably acquiro during these exciting times, and also for fitting us out well for the holidays, ?when it is a duty, as well aB a plcasuro, to attire ourselves in the freshest and daintiest style possible. And knowing that muslins will bo among the urticles whioh we shall sooura, I want to tell you of some of the most styliah modes whioh I saw for the Goodwood raoos. * » * One of the most attractive of these was a large -patterned oeriso and white muslin, made up over a foundation of the same brilliant shade. Rathor startling, you will say; but though, perhaps, it may sound absurd, I must toll you that the impression it made on me was that there was too mnoh of it to be startling. The whole effect was good. Tbe skirt boasted two deep flounoes, one above the othei, and the upper ono was headed by four rows of oerise and white ribbon, very narrow, and gathered into tho usual little ruohe. The under, or lower, flounoe waa only allowed two rows of the trimming; and eaoh was bordered with laoe. * e ? The bodice had its little peculiarity, as every self -respecting bodioe must have nowadays. Instead of everyone being alike in garments of one prevailing out and shade, it is considered good form to have your own distinctiveness, and a woman who would have the oourage and also tho position to set the fashion of carrying her hat by itB strings instead of wearing it on her head, would be Ko an admirinr* rvrnmil fti finding something original. » ' * * Well, you have not forgotten the gathered ribbon of cerise and white with whioh the Bkirt was trimmed. This flgnred very largely indeed on the bodioe in question ; in faot, a deep yoke waa formed of many rows of it, and a very pretty effeot it had, qnite novel and out of the ordinary. ' And so easy,' I mucmurod to myself when I looked at it, thinking of the friends of Oub Horns who liked to employ their oleverness in making things with their own hands. But if you would use the idea, mind and get the stripped ribbon, as it was this that gave it suoh a good effeot. ? ? ? There was a beautifully arranged shoulder drapery of very soft cerise silk mousseline, arranged fiehn-wiae, and drawn down to the left Bide of the bodioe. It fastened with a great bow of broad ribbon in the twooolonra, ?which also composed a twisted belt round the waiat ; ana this brings me to a little faot which you ought to know. Almost every dress boasts some sort of shoulder drapery now, generally of ohiffon, and this style of trimm-ng is not intended only for muslin or silk gowns, but appears also on oloth and ^oashmire in the moat reckless fashion. * * * This idea of mixing up materials in rather a strange way grows in publio favour. There was one skirt whioh I particularly admired, and, by the way, the rumour iB correct that the very, very tight Bkirts are on the wane, or, rather, tho love of them, I should say ; tho skirts are beginning to show a faint suggestion of a fold, or a ghost of a gathering, at the baok, and the foundation of the skirt I am going to desoribe now, being only made this week, had this hopeful little suggestion. * * « The foundation -was of white silk, ivory white, and the muslin (for, of oourse, it was muslin) was of a delioate faint heliotrope, with violet cornflowers all over it. It had a pointed front and two very full soalloped flounoes, whioh were bound with rioh violet velvet. Thia gave them a solidity whioh ie not expected of a muslin. This was not all, however ; eaoh flounoe was edged above the velvet with a narrow, butter-ooloured ValenoienneB laoe, put on the wrong way up. I hope you understand this. Instead of the lower edge of the laoe going to the lower edge of the flounoe, it was reserved. * - * * The bodioo had a very fall draping of violet-edged ohiffon in many frills, and a vest of violet velvet, with the high French eared oollar. Eaoh ear was edged with butter-ooloured lace. It had elbow sleeves of muslin, with the frills of ohiffon. These latter are troublesome, but the beauty of tho elbow aleeve is a very powerful compensation for it, and I arc sure we shall not complain. 