THE STORY-TELLER BOERS AND BRITISHERS. RECOLLECTIONS OF AN OLD RAILWAY GANGER IN THE TRANSVAAL. To tell the truth, I neither admired nor pitied the hungry, shivering crowd of burghers, Outlander volunteers, and burgher "ghosts " that made up the Johannesburg commando to cope with the recent native disturbances in Maga- toland as it disembarked at Pietpot- gietestrust, the, at that time, rail-head of the Zoutpansberg line. The seeds of dissension had already been sown in the ranks owing to the rascally and slipshod way things had been managed, the officers, one and all, wrangling as to superiority, and totally unable to maintain discipline. I should have stood there longer gazing at the hope- less mess if it had not been that I was drenched to the skin after a ride from Pietersburg, and old Harry Swan, a British railway ganger, or "lengths- man," as they are called, was endeavour- ing to get me away to his hut for a change and a drop of something to keep the cold out. "Fine lot of warriors," I remarked sarcastically, as we moved off. "Ugly, dirty ruffians, I calls 'em," grunted Swan. "Rare owd picnic they thought is, having, I warrant. But it just sarves 'em glad, says I, and I wishes 'em luck with owd McPefu- may he." "Hush, I said, "Treason, Harry, treason." The old man toned down a bit at my admonishment. "Well," he continued thoughtfully, " I never were one to wish a white man licked by a kaflir ; but, jigger me ! it do go agen the grain to see them com- mandants and field-cornets a fossicking about as if they was little orlmighties, instead of ignorant idiots what can't look a white man in the face. Lor, bless ye, I knows the rascals ! but, here's your health, mister." The neal dop made me cough and splutter, bub old Swan drained his cup without a wink. "Nob bad that," ho grunted, "bub not a patch on the stuff as wo used to got doivn in the colony on Hex River. Now that waa dop, if you likes 1 Them was the good ovvd days when South Africa was South Africa. And money ! Bless ye, instead of 'oin a-coraing up as they does now, with, the pay in small bag» and notes, dealing it out to a blessed ticky, they used to dump a few barrer loads o' suvrins on a sail and each man do a go-as-yor-pleaso till he were moro or loss satisfied Î Wo looked at mithin' under a half a dollar piece then." How long Swan would have gone on with his alcoholio and. financial reminis- cences I am unable to Bay, for just at that junoturo something beneath me gave way, and 1 wa3 thrown from my seat across the hut. I made a grasp at the old man to save myself and brought him over as well. "Hello, what's happening now?" I said, as [ picked myself up and helped him to his feet again. Swan rubbed his arra briskly fora moment, and then gazed ruefully at the rough floor boards whiob/ had for some reason, mysteriously to me, suddenly collapsed across the corner where [had been seated. " Thom peta o' mine up to mischief again, I reckon ¡ but, bleas yo, 1 ain't got the heart to ouss'em all said'and done." - , r" " Your what ?" I cried, moving out of further harm's way towards the door. "My pets, mister, you don't mean to say you ain't heard of Swan's pots, and you been up along the Uno some five times now, ain't it ?" I nodded acquiescence. Strictly speaking, I had heard of referonco made on one or two occasions to Swau's pets, bub of their actual identity I was unaware. " I've heard them mentioned," 1 said ; " but I had no idea thoy came of such a dangerous stock as they seem to. T supposo you keep them outside under the flooring 1 What are they ? Babbits guinea pigs, rats, or what?" "You ain't much used to roughing it or veldt life at all, I'm reck'ning, or you'd a knowd a few of 'em aforo now," chuckled Swan. " Fust of all," he began, " if you'vo heard the yarn afore, I dries up afore I starts, eos they says as I'm mighty fond o' telling it. Folks as has heard it afore is always a-nudging each other and codling as if they hadn't when I mention the subjeck." " Well, then, Swan, I'll swear." "'Nougli swearing on railway jobs without you starting, mister. Anyhow, I believe you, so here goes. "OE course I'm getting on in years now-nigh on 60loouut-and you was a a youngstei',1 reckon jbutanyhow you'll have heard tell of them days-twenty year ago nearly-when we has that bit of a urgymenb with the Boers, and getting no sorter satisfaction like, billets a few Highlanders in Pretoria just to show as how things didn't suit us somohow ? "Just about that time," continued the old man, " Heft tho colony and did a trek up to see what the couutry were. I had heard of gold up this way ; so mo and a pal shoulders our blankets one fine day, and starts off. When wo passed through Pretoria tilings was quiot enough, and no one thought o' much trouble ahead from the Dutch- men. " Well, after two weeks' easy going, wo gets up to Smitsdorp-there worn'b no Piotersburg in them days-and after a few wcoks' quiet prospecting of no great account, wo arrives in the dorp one night to hoar as how things was going serious since wo left, and a British garrison established at Mara bastad, some few miles oil'. Them Dutchmen looked at us nasty when we como in, and knowing the breed, I says to Jim, my pal, us how wo should join our countrymen sharp as possible. All well und good, so me and Jim borrers a horse each from a farmer wo knovved of-on the quiotsuro enough and manages to got in with tho British lot in a couplo o' hours. Tim news had just come up of the lively times Uioy was having in Pi etoria, and the Cap'n-I forget his name now-was ulooking a bit sick, I can tell you, as to our chances of gotting out of it all right. We was only 40 odd strong, and wo knowed them Dutchmen 'd bo play- ing froezo out aforo long if wo got no help to clear the country for supplies, eos thoy was shifting the cattle and mealies, and it aint no joke to feed 40 odd sojers and keep 'em fit. " Aforo I goes further you must just understand as how we was placed. Wo arohoro now in PiotpotgietersruBt, some 130 odd miles from Pretoria and Mara bastud, as you knows, lays still 30 north of this, making in all ÍG0 from head- quarters. Well, things grovved so warm and nasty like at last that the cap'n calls for volunteers to take despatches as they calls 'em, to Pretoria. If we was to howd the position we must got reinfoiced or iggorininncrsly clear out and gib shot for the finish. When I says this, I looks across at Jim and I says, ' Are yo game, mato, for the trip V " ' Bight," lie says, ' if you cares to chance it. May as well die in tho open than starved like a lot o' rats in a hole.' " And tho end of it were, mo and Jim gets off one night and keeps away to the hills till morning, when wo rests for a few hours, frightens an owd Kaffir 'ooman into giving us a bucket of mealies, and then on again. O' courso mo had to keep gotting on the transport road for calling in at OHO of the fow stores after dark for 'skof.' Thom storekeepers was good sorts, and if thnydid smell ourgamo thoy never split, and allays givo us tho nod when Dutch- men vvas knocking around Anyhow, all wont swimming for tluoo days, till we struck a storo kop' by a Britisher, but only to lind tho place seemingly deserted, and the ' baas ' cleared out. Jimmy warned mo tomiud out and togo easy ; but being hungry at the time^and not over wet, I walks across out of tho bU'Jt as bold as brass, and ontoi's tho shanty. It hadn't been built long; in faut, when wo como up tho chap as run tho show vvas doing business nnder a bit of a sail till he bad timo to got properly staatod. As I was a saying, in I goes and knocks on the counter. I hears voices outside, but ns nobody seems to bo on duty and thom bottles a bit tantorlising, I just slips across the board and a lifting a bottle for a good owd swig, intending to plank down later on, when two fellers, Dutchmen both en 'em, rushes in from the hack and has me by the arms afore I'd half a chanco to wot me whistle. " ' Hold hard a raiuit,' 1 says, landing out and stretching one of'em across the counter, But the other chap worn't waiting for his turn so easy, and just lands HW ono over tho nut with his whip stock.Jknocking me silly fora time. Ile happened to have a lot of'pals out behind -the beggars had been doing a loot-sitting round the coolcshed lire enjying thcirselves with hot corfoe, gin, and sardines, and a mopping up the oil proper, the greasy warminls I "I knowed I wore in for it hot in some way or'initiier, and only hoped as Jim 'd get clear with tho papers, though I knowed us he'd nob give mo tho slip unless forced to. Anyhow, afore they had mo properly fastened up with bridle straps as they'd lifted from the store, across comos Histor Jim to look for me and falls into tho same trap ; only lie has a bit better show than ino to start with, and nearly puts ono Dutchman to sleop for ever afore ho was done up. Knowing a good bit of the .Dutch lingo, I understood most of what was going on atvveen 'em, and the dop vvonvfc improving the chances for us by no manner o' means. Then thoy started a-calling us blank blank rooinoks and chucking [hot ashes on to us, burning our shirts-and skins as well 1 I can toll yo, I should just have liked to have had a fair show with mo dukes for a couple of minutes with thom rifles out of sight ! Me and Jim 'ud have cleared tho iloor o' the scum in two ticks ; like ive done one night when wo was up Kimberley way together, when ten hulking devils o' Dutchmen set on us in Noll Morton's bar, just outside tho township. " ' Now voetzak, vordomde rooinek,' says one, meaning of course, as I dessay you know for Jim to olear out as sharp as ho knowed how to. Jim looks round at mo as if to say, ' Shall I, mate V " ' Go, lad,' I says, ' and don't forgit what wo was after ; I'll look after meself-good bye.' "With that he turns round quiet like to olpar ¡ but I seed he were that mad leaving me with them devils. Afore he gets 20 yards off one o' the Dutchmen gives the word, and bang goes five rifles. Through the smoko I seed poor owd Jim givo a leap in the air and then fall as dead as a herring I Them oovvardly hounds just laughed, and proceeded to ram down another charge, which I expeoted meant old Harry Swan's turn were coming next. " ' If you are going to shoot mo, for God's sake treat me as a man and not a dog, I says. But the chap as had struok mo turns round and says, 'No, Mynheer rooinek, two big English buck in one day is spoiling sport ¡ so wo keeps you for another time.' And with this they hoists mo up atvveen 'em and carries me into the store and lays me up in a corner. Then they bolts up the door on to the road, and after re- marking something about nob wanting more sport till Sunday--It was Friday then I reckon-and having another estate to visit, they might not call for a time, and hoped as I'd make myself at home till then. After thab they gags me, gives me a parting kick each-the first Dutchmen as had ever took the liberty, and the last while Harry Swan can watch it !-and clears out." Here Swan took a lengthy^ pull at his cup, and wiped his mouth with his shirt sleevo. "Nobany more for me just_ now," I said, as he held up clio bottle insinuat- ingly. " I'm interested to hoar how you gob nut of such a terrible predicament." "Predicyment worn'tno word for it," ho muttered. " I were just a coming to the part you wants to hear of; bub I allus has to havo a tot and a fresh fill afore I gets up steam to finish the trip." " Well, resumed Swan, ufter ho had fired up, as ho termed it, Jind, " got tho regulator open," I can toll you, mister, 'tworn't pleasant like laying there with an empty belly and a prospect o' bwo days without 'skof and a dose o'lead to top up with, s'posing as I didn't peg out aforehand. "I woro feeling dead boat any- how, and it worn't long afore I goes off to sleep. When I wakes up it were darli as owd Harry, and I knowed as I must have slope a goodish stretch, seoiug as how it were not midday when tho Dutchmen loft me. I'd fuddled about enough afore going off to know it were no go a trying to get my arms and hands fres, for them murderers had strapped 'ein closo down to my body afoie leaving, and my legs was tight up together as well. I shifts my posi- tion as much us I could to ease myself a bit, and it were then I feels a lot of little things a running over ono o' ray hands, and a tickling like blazes- just 'eos I vvorn'b in no way able to scratch, I reckon. I gives a oxtry effort to turn over a bit, when something gives all of a sudden like, and I feels the pres- sure slacken a goodish bit. No, you aiub far wrong, mister. Thom straps was busted sure as I sits here to-day and tells the yarn ; though what pro vordonco'd done me the turn I didn't take no trouble to lind out just thon. In fivo minutes I were clear o' the whole caboodle. I were as stiff us a rail, true, but that weared off afore long, when I finds a match in my pocket and lights up, cautious-like, for a squint round the shanty. All seemingly quiet, I opens tho gin-case door leading to the back and peept out, o'course having a bit o' bush stuff I'd picked up from under the counter handy in case o' accidents. O' course a durn rat just fixes on at that time to do a summerset from one o' tho shelves with a wump on to the counter, and very near scares what wits I has left out o' my body. " Ah ! them reck'lections makes me boil," ho went on sort of apologetically picking up tho plate ho had sent Hying on to the lloor. " Well, to got on with tho yarn, poor old Jim still lay out there stiff and cowd where he wore murdered, and I tells you I shivered as I thinked as what his body might look like if left there all the next day in the baking sun. 1 had no time to lose if I wore to keep clear o' tho bullets ; bub. I spares a hour just to dig a bib of a holo to dump my poor owd pall into, fust of all taking tlie paper off of him, us thom hounds *d never as much as gived him ii parting kick as I cotild seo. I asks ye, mister, what sorb of n show has a Britisher had with them Dutchmen since ? Wo us has mudo 'oin everythink what they is, and what is thoy doing for us ab the present day ? I rospecs law ; I respecs order : bub afore I pegs out I hopes to see thab timo when me and you, and all of ss'll wipe oub what we ainb had a'chance of doing proper up i to now." " Bub the pets ?" I said, as Swan lii-ought his story to a conclusion and sat viciously pulling at his pipe, mut- tering to himself the while» _ -$& '' Ah, Swan's pots, them asysaved his life that night and tumblesl'you over just now-them's white tints. gjYo see, that storekeeper hadn't got rio tar for tho bottoms' o' the posts of his shanty like nowadays, and my pets fixes on that there night for to do a fossick round like to seo as how much they could get away with afore tho baas comos back. Bless yo, mister, thom little warniiiits (going to the cullupscd corner of the hut floor anil pulling forth a handful of the rod, gritty crust with which those destroyers cover the object of their attack, together with a few wandoring specimens of bhe tribe) '11 cat anything bar a steel rail, and a nice piece of leather strap or a shoe is just their mark."-Illustrated Mail. 