XEW BRITAIN AND ITS TRADE. A CHAT mm A.N ISLAND TRADEB. A representative of the 'Daily Tele graph ~ on 11th May had an interview with Mr. J. M. C. Foreaytb, partner in the firm of E. E. Forsaytii and Co? of Balum, New Britain, who hae just arrived from chc is lands, and is at present staying su. tSus .ueoopouian iioiei. ' When I left Kew Britain,' said Mr. For sayth, 'everything was very quiet. The seiilas had zecerred the news of the island being *taken over by the German Govern ment, and were delighted. Trade win now go on better- Dr. Schnee is acting as Deputy-Governor, and ISie new Governor, Mr. tod Benningsen, was expected to arrive on the 27 th of May. I visited Xew Ireland, Gardiner, Fisher, and Sir Charles Hardy ^claw^Cj and found trade there flourishing. When I got to Pedersen's Station at Kapsu, I was informed tiai two boats sent up the coast past Leinam for trading purposes had been attacked and ^frpir crews lrill*^ and eaten. At Xew Britain the G.MS Moewe had just arrived from Hongkong. Captain Dunbar, ber commander, had taken up the murder of Captain Colzuhn, of the Sea Ghost, who, with his crew, were mas sacred in Tinput's Bay some eighteen months ago, and had arranged to go and punish the murderere. Punishing these natives means a great thing to the country, as it teaches them not to molest ships or interfere with their crews. Of the settlers at New Britain, two-thirds are Germans. There are several other large firms besides ourselves there. The Wedeyan and Catholic missions are doing a great deal of good, and gradually civilising the natives, and tog«*Tiing tliem the use of botii English and German coinage. Herbertsfaoh, at present the port of entry, and head station of the Kew Gninea Company, will likely be altered, and -he port of entry and Imperial Government station be settled at Baraiwon Point, or Simpson Harbour. Baruwon Point would suit best, as it is easy of access to vessels, and good land is available for '? settlement. My firm is' having built in Sydney an auxiliary schooner of 130 tons, called the Nngarea, for the German colony, and will make her trial trip on Tuesday next. At present we bave a subsidised Ger tdxb mail steamer every two months from Singapore, and from 6ydney Messrs. Burns, Philp -dispa!tch a steamer every seven or eight weeks. Exports from Kew Britain average yearly between 2500 to 3000 tons of copra, besides large quantities of long stapled sea island cotton, pearl and turtle ' shell, and beche-de-mer. There are now on the island in cultivation about 4000 acres oc oocoannts, cotton, and coffee. Messrs. Hemsheim and Co-'s schooner Elsie, well known in the Torres Straits trade, was recently lost in the Admiralty Group. The captain loaded the salvage on canoes, but the wily natives literally 'cleared' out with it, and 'were never seen again. A few days before I left one of the murderers of Oiptain Colzuhn -was caught and Boot In passing, through Samarai (British New Guinea), -on the 11th of Januarv last, a strange tiling happened. The natives told the white settlers that fe burricane and tidal wave would come on the 15th. The * settlers laughed fit them, while the natives removed even tiieir houses into tile bush. The storm arrived to the very* day, and Bougainville and villages situated on the sea coast -were swept away. In Tinputs Bay also one of our vesselswent to anchor, and instead of four fathoms, as usual, found no bottom after the tidal wave. T erpect to leave Sydney again in the Ku- ' garea, on the 20th instant, and get back to Kew Britain via the Solomons. But I will ten you before I £O that the heaviest cargo of copra that ever left 'Kew Britain vras recently shipped by us to Europe in the Norwegian barque Augusta. It must have reached 1100 tons.' There has just been concluded at the Government Depot, says the ' Adelaide Ob server,' a butter test which has extended . over six monlhs. The quantity comprised twelve 50Q- boxes, including one box of pasteurised butter. Twelve factories took part in the test, and each manufacturer had to supply a number of answers to questions as a guide to the finding out of faults and defects in working and in aualitv of pro dupe. Three practical and analytical examinations were made while the butter was under refrigeration at the Depot, and at the expiry of twelve weeks three out of the twelve boxes were considered favourable for export to London, to be afterwards re turned to Adelaide for a final examination. This has been done, and the result demon strates the value of the system of pasteuri sation. Although the pasteurised butter was rich in gaseous matter no preservatives of any kind or colouring matter were used, and three-quarters of the salt was added as a solution when the butter vras in the granu Iftr stage. The second sample contained a small percentage of boracie acid, and with a butter comparativelv free from caseous matter the quality was decidedly inferior. The third sample was also inferior to the pasteurised butter. Much valuable informa tion has been gained by the test, and a detailed report will be prepared bv Mr. G. a Thomson, the Government Dairy Expert, who conducted the examination. 