CHAPTER XT. THE G UILTY PASSION. ," Hare was a beauty that made sad the eye, Bright, but fast fading, like a twilight sky ; The shape, so finely, delicately frail, As formed for climes unrutll d by a gale The lustrous eye, thr'ough which looked forth the soul, Bright and more brightly as it neared the goal ; The waning beauty, the funereal charms, With which death steals his bride into his arms."-New .Timon. A week passed away, during which Mrs Dent had sufficiently recovered to appear in the parlor ; and, with the elasticity of spirits belonging to her diseowe, declared herself to be better, much bett.'r, than before her attack-a week, during which Colonel D-nt ha'i tried earnestly, but itn vain, to obtain an interview with Miss Summers-a week, during which Ernest Dent's manner ts Hot ter had been more affec.ti,oate ant solicitous than ever before, probably, perhaps, from the. knowled.e that her remtining days of life were to be few and 1panful, but mostly from the con- tciousnes of his recent infidelity of heart towards her. At the end of this week the Dents anti Miss Sutimers received cards to a-soiree musicale, to be given at ,he house of'Secretary --. - SI wish you to so, Heater, love,' s id Colotel Dsnt. -.'It-is five ,'r six days off yet, and in that time you will be sufficiently well. I am desirous _that yu should go, for Secretary -- is my friend, and Mrs - called here several times Lo inquire after you while you were ill. I wish you to go, if you appear there only a few minutes, and return.' " Oh, I am now very well able to go, colonel. I:am quite r covered now.' ' And,, Heater-though indeed it seems puerile to interfere with so trivial a matter as your. toileb-?et do try to dress with a little more -tact. Consider the midiculous error into' which your childish appearance ep dli1 pe at Madamie 's. You should iinitate your friend's styvl of costume.' ' Yes; Juliette has fin taste. But I fear it was not-the dress, b bt the woman, that led .the company into that error. Consider, dear Ernest, that your li tie wife has not the stature, dignity, and grace of Miss Summris.' 'I snppose there was much in that.' ' Yes. However, Eriiest, I will dress exactly like Juliette for.. this'concert, and then we sh:11 see.' -.. - .:What are you g.,ing to wear, Juliette, my love 7' inquired Mrs .-Dent: of Miss Summers,= as _.the two. ladies. were sitting together thatbaf'e:noon. S'Let me see. White blond over white :satin, I think.' 'Anid your ah irP' I'Ishall wear 'my' ha'r in smooth, plain bands' ' SbadYes;: hot what otnament 4' 'I shall h ve ihe diamonds taken out of myocrescent, and arran.ed in -a light tiara. Oh, by t.he .wy, 'Hester, my dearest love, will you dit me a fevrr ' Why, c?rta:nly. What is it I' "'Just lend me the large brilliants in your breast-pin, ear-rings, atl bracelets, for the central diamonds of my tiara.' " 'Yes, indteed, yrtu shall have them, Juliebte,' said Mrs Dent, rising and going to het c sket. ' There I you had better send them to Lapidn at once, so that they may be set in time. Yoo have a fine t noste, J liette. '-Your costume will be perfect.' .'Now, love, don't think me selfish in wanting your diamonds ; but in trth you snow your fortune is made, while mine is yet to be made.' ' Oh, darling, don't say a woid. You are quite welcome to anything I have got, exo, pt, perhaps, Ernest.' Miss Summers started violently, and looked keenly at the speaker, but the unclouded brow of Hester quite relieved her. 'What shall be your own toilette, Mrs Dentt ' inquired Miss Summers, smilingly, changing 'he sul jeot S' Oh I just precisely your own,. White blond ovrr white satin; except that in my hair T shall wear a bandeau of pearls.' . Juliette's coun'enance fell at ' this announcement. She wished to be alone in the style of her dress. She hastened to say 'But, my dear ?ester, you are too pale to wear white; you will look like a ghost. Select of coleur de rors ' ' No, I will wear white,' persisted Hester. And Juliette ceased to object. And most dazzling and imposing was the appearance of Miss Summers on the evening of the soiree. The pure, rich white satin, and the light, goseam-r blond that arrayed her tall, full, graceful figure, and the coronet of diamonds thah surroinded her polished brow, and flashed in her jet black hair, gave her the air of a r,'yl bride. [To nE CONTINUID.J 