?Rp®GM 1RM»KS AND ROUNDABOUT .? - .Reminiscences. ' (By 'BOOMDI.') Pi q oft iyp ort 12 A. 'R Tea.'dcr, 'for are n--,'| rwiho alon'e pro claims the true ? dimensions of our puny frames !' Witih muffled tread the King of Terrors strides ever swiftly on, followed closely by Old FaJther Time, with that dread wallet on 'hiis back, ic-^5 whi'ch he thrusts all our deeds, the gesd ^tih Jth^Yil.Sa^ caTyies.ifliean off to b-9 burled in- oblivion. From the daa'k moment that the first m'an sank, dying _to tJi1© ©aptii, -.'fiiijld vth.6 . first . ffoul 'WtinsGd. its flight to ithe 'Larid 'rif 'the' Great . Unknown, .down even,, to'. 'tho. present enligbitened age, Death has eveTTe^nained a.ifearful.' mystery. We come, we-kncfer mot ?whence--- we go, we Trniniw' no't wliere. The kings of -tihe ear.tii bow .their heads and sorrowfully prepare to depart When the 'black camel' kneels be fore their palace gates. The. poor toil-worn (glaive welcomes Death even as the bride groom greets his bride. Death makes an ?end of all. Where are now the onoe all powerful iBharoaihs, where are Pericles, Alexander Magnus, amd Darius, .tihe migMy Meide ? Where are Ifche Caesars, Charle magne, Napoleon, and all the other irestless ruling spirits of .the olden times ? More sorrowful' still— where aire all the fair women who ruled the men who ruled the 'world ? That prime poetic scamp, Fran cois Villon, propounded and answered that sad cuery 500 years ago in Ms 'Ballad of Dead Ladies' : White Queen Blanche, like a- queen of lilies, With, a voice like any menmaiden — Bertha BroadJoot, Beatrice, Alice, ? And Ermengarde, the lady -of Maine; And that good Joan whom Englishmen At Rouen doomed and burned her there — Mother of God ! Where are they, then ? . . . But- where are snows of yester-year ? ?Nay, never ask this week, fair lord, iWhere: they -are gone, nor yet this year, Eidept with 'this for. an over-word— ?' ''But where are the snows of yester-year ? $ 9 * * To-tday tihe poor Old Year— the year whixsh tut twelve short months ago we welcomed ?with loud acclaim is dying fast, but instead of .feeling any very great regrdt on that score, all our anxiety seems to be centred on- 'the'tick of the' clock which announces the birth of the New Year. The Old Year is dead ! .. Long live. the New ! will then be theory shinrted wli'th all goodwill and zesit — so' we speeftr'the parting, and' welcome the coming guest. It is somewhat ungrateful, Tjut very natural, especially to those who bold it is eood to be on with a new love before you are off with the old. « * . * . * Aimoirgst the maniy tired souls who crossed over the Great Divide during 'the past year there was one who claimed more than ordi nary attention from me — 'poor old 'Martin Simons-en. We were not friends — :I ihad but a nodding acquaintance with ihian, but there ' '.?were several -reasons why my sympathy eihauld go forth 'to the man who suffered so much, and who suffered so bravely 'and so long. Wilting to a friend shortly before Ihe 'shuffled off ? mortal coal,' the ill— starred -but gifted inaesitro said, : 'I 'have ca'baraets on' both eyes, I 'have eciiati'ca, I am lame, d^aif, and getting blind. 1 am miserable and unhappy. I do not think there is another man-. in Victoria who is 'as much so as I am. I know, my old friend, that you, at least, Wiil p'ilty me a little !' Sadder words could not 'be panned. And ?the pity of it all is that poor Martin's troubles were undeserved. He was a clever man in his profession, and as . honest as .the sun. No company of Simonsen's was ever stranded if the 'boss' could make the 'ghost' walk by any fair means whatever. He would sell Ithe shirt .off his back to settle a just debt. That is one reason 'Why he died poor and comparatively deserted. No one deserved better at the liauds of the musical public of Australia. No one co-til d have 'been treated 'worse. He brought out. good antfii^ts — Hazon, Dimitresco, Pimazzani amd the ilike ; but 'they were ctrilled by a ?beggarly array of empty benches. Martin piped, but the public refused to -pay. He knew how the music should go, and he saw that it went that way, -but 'he was no mano^ ger, in a financial sense, as Lyister was, amd WILllameen is, and so trouble 'followed ?trouble, disaster came upon disaster, and at last ;-the crushed, lonely tean could at timels sit down and sarcastically laugh in the face of cruel Fate, and mockingly ask : 'Wlhat nest — and mexft ?' The death of his clever wife an'd the trouble that came upon 'his son Jules broke down old Martin's resjsan at Tast, and it was small wander he made 'his quietus, for it would be a hard world indeed that could be crueller than tihis world was to poor, struggling Martin 'SimOnsen. . His life was that of a real hero. Hi's death was a disgrace to the musical portion of Australia. Had toe been wealthy he would have been feted un'til he fa'irly burst, for it -is ever the fatted ox that is most cared for. But Simonsen was poor — and the public allowed him to grow poorer^ , Next came a shot — amd them 'the darkness ! * . . » o * I feel deeply for poor Simonsen, for, like Q-im, I -have had nerve trouble and sight trouble, too, and in former days I had a tmnsadtion wli'th (him whi'dh might have led to something good had not Martin's hard Fate stepped in and dealt ihim his first — perhaps ? mbst cruel blow. Music was al ways my tayorfi'te 'hobby, and somewhere about 20 years ago Mr. W. H. Harrison, of Sydney, anticipated Masoagn'i, by writing the libretto of a really temorous one -'act operetta called 'La- Vendetta.' This I sec to music, and Simonsen'is company started reheaTsin'g it under ithe able coitduutorship of Mr. J. A. Del'aney. The opening chorus was mastered, and -tihe Second number star ted, when crash ! like 'a 'bolt from the (blue' came Martini's first great crushing blow in Australia (all -6-ncerned on it are now dead); the1 company was disbanded, and I Qi'ave never since found ('I haven't even asked), anyone plucky enough to give my work a tshow — although, of course, 'there's millions in it.' It woqxld now 'be easier for a camel to (throw a back somer sault 'through the eye of a cam'bric needle than tor a local musician to get an oipera sta:gad in any capital city .in Australia, no matter were 'he the equal of-Mascagnii, or even Mozart. « » * ? When Lyster'is opera companies were flourishing 'here I Was 'behind the scenes' a great deal, being (handy at orchestration and the like, and some of the many reimi ariscences I could cono-ure up might be worth recording- In those , days Lyster staged and gave really splendid represeriibatkins of such mig'hty musical works as ''Don Giovanni,' 'Les Hugenats,' 'Rioiberto,' -'The Prophet,' 'William Tell,'- 'Semiramide,' 'The Sdci lian Vespers,' and scores of other glorious compositions. To-day — wiESll, to-day we get ?''Punch and Judy' stuff, which 'the -belles of New -York .call, 'Kanmac .Apparah,' beauti fied .at,- times 'by the initEofduoti'on of such Tavishing, -not to merb'tion refined, alirs as 'How-d'ye-db-de-db,' 'or-'A Little Bit Off the Top.' And Sydney, we are told, is si tall a musical city !'; My, favorite opera in 'the days Wheli we ,'heaiid -.real opera was 'Les Hiigenots, and' when properly played Meyer.beer'3 gr-?a't work -will stand the test of all tiihe. - ? And when -it is (done badly one ?has the satisfaction of knowing itlhiat all the principal perforrhera' are 'Mlled fatally dead-^'ri:fiie..-l'ast actt -Oii'.OieiMStog the great 'Blessing of the Sword's' given for itthe first time ! th-?«gh!t !i&ait; itlie very 'highest pitch of , operatic composfftioh: had been .reached, and to -prevent a ridiculous (anltii-idliimax the curtain should Jhave fallen as fthe 'basses, led 'by thode' patriarchal hea.vy-weIgMs, Hsnry Benhalm and 'iFat' Thosnjisoii, went off eipglng 'Dio lo vhioI !',* on tlxo tow B and E. «But ibliefa. came the -most pa-sai'nri^ love duet- ; ever , written, thalt in »wMch fair Valemtina 'sings -to her. '-best boy,' Raoul, 'Stay, alh ! dtay, I thee Implore,' but th© nobly-born lass, 'having caught tihe war fever badly, jumps 'thriough the window as 'he' yells, 'Ah, no ; 'alh,, ' no, I go Ito plug the blooming Boer !'r — or words Ito ithat effect. The Boers plug Raoul, of course, and he deservtes 'to be. killed, too ; aa does every -m^n who would rush from a beaurtlfuJ woman's arms to get messed up in a reli gious : tow over nothing. ? Alas ! for the daya of Gli Ugonotti, Le Pmphete, and Rolbertto ! Now we get 'That's the Time to Catch 'Em,' and 'I Ain't ia-gain' to Tell !' And we prate of 'classical culchlaw' and ?the refined taste of Sydney— save the mark ! A blackfel'low would brain bis dog with a brick if it couldn't howl sweeter than some of :the musical 'trealts' that are now tole rated here. ♦ ? ' « * Talking of the 'Huguemoits,' reminds me that whenever Lyster wanted a horse for stage business he used to secure the ser vices of an old 'crock' owned by Teddy M'Lean, the boss ballet master of those days, and a nice mess 'the moke generally made of the game, too. One night when ?the 'Elixir of Love' w&s; staged, the quack doctor, Dulcamara, came on in a buggy drawn by Teddy's charger, but before he h'ald' warbled ten bars of his opening song ithe war-horse of 'the M*Leans had slewed the trap round, and backed it and the doctor and all 'his truck clean into the orchestra, ?Luckily the players saw tihe cyclone com ing, or 'Watty' Rioe and a few others would h'ave been knocked as flat as the pro verbial pancake. I w'as very young in those days, 'but not too young to notice that the operatic contralto was always a lady of remarkably plump proportions, and perhaps it was for .that reason itha't they were gene rally situck into tights and 'cast' for male parts. X never saw , a wrinkle in their tigh'ts either, although' some of those gar ments were wtlde enough in parts to cover a churn. Onsini, in 'Lucrezia Borgia,' Ars'ace in 'Semiramide,' Urbano in 'Gli Ugonotti,' OscaT in 'Un B'ailo,' Siebeil in 'Faust,' all demand contralto artisits, aind all the artists I saw playing those parts were remarkably full in the understandings — little Flora Gnaupner excepted, and she not only looked the pant of a pretty page to perfection, but in 'Un Ballo' she sang and acted to a pitch very near perfection. The most angdliic tof all the corutralti, howtever, in the way of face and figure was Magi, her appearance 'as Cherubino in Mozart's superb 'La Nozze di Figaro' being enough to send even St. An'thony silly in one apt As Orsini in the 'Borgia' I never saw the superior, never heard .the equal of Sign'ora. Fabris (I 'trust the giftefd lady is Still with us), and the same remark applies to her Azucena in the much-hackneyed but ever popular 'II Trovatore.' La Signora was one of the sweet songbirds who should never have left La .Belle Italia for the all too young and untutored Australia. « « ? ? One of the old-time solo contra! K here was so abnormally developed in the lower limbs that a bet was once made between two sportive opera patrons regarding the 1 genuineness of her tights' contents, and a super was bribed to stand behind the scene at the back of the stase an'd jab a pin through inito 'the lady's oailf when she stood close enough to apply the test. The con tents were real, and the moment the pin got home the portly Siebel 'took a top note compared with which 'Sister Mary's' would sound 'like the squeak of a dying prawn. To (this day I often wonder why the pos session by a lady of a fine full contralto voice is always accompanied by the pos session of a fine lull pair of ? but leit us turn over to 'another page — 'Volti subito' — and discourse of less intoxicating subjects. W ?m K » With onfe of Lyster' s opera companies there came on'e Jose, a very short, very Stout, and clever Italian, who played ffih&t; cumbersome but very essential musical .wea pon called the double- fbass, or 'bull fiddle,'' in a style that I have never - since hetaxd equalled. In andlamte movements he could make his instrument 'sing' like a first vio i'ln, fjnd he could rattle off florid passages -in a : Style that would cause many a . 'cello player to sit up and stare in wiild astonish ment to-day. Between ithe acts Jose used to stand on the stage ami play operatic fantasias, acc'ompanietd by the orchestra in front One night he started a 'Norma' selection; with about half a dozen fortissimo passages, and while rasping those out with all -the vigor at his command, Jose burst boith his back suspend'er buttons from his oh-no-n'ever-mention 'ems, and as 'the lovely prayer of the priestess ('Casta Diva') streamed sweetly forth from the bull fiddle strings the player's pants began to stream steadily down from his waist in the most alarming manner possible. While the an d'amite movement was being played, Jose ma naged to keep up his dignity and his breeches fairly well, by giving the latter a quick, vigorous hitch-up whenever he came to a bar containing a 'timely 'rest' But when the allegro movement came otn, amd Jose had to fi'ddle .thirteen, 'to 'the dozen as fast as he could rasp IMs bow across the 'bull fiddle's' stomach, it .was at once appa rent that a frightful caJtaStriophe must soon occur, and the excitement of .the audience ?begain to rise in proportion to the descent of the now fran'tic fiddler's lower fixings. The crash oame when the perspiring player endeavoned to run 32 notes into one bar, for the pants, taking a mean advantage Of their unincky owner, suddenly fell with a sicken ing slump to his heels, where ithey acted like a pair of hobbles, so that when poor Jose attempted to rush off to the wings he 'tripped amd fell headforemost into the great 'bull fiddle's' sltomach, where his head remained embedded while his feet lashed out furiously kicking (holes in the inoffensive air. Then they, dropped the curtain as the 'house' sent up a mighty max— and the subsequent proceedings inte rested 'Jo' no more. V » » ft A some'whiat Kim liar tragic occnunesnce once 'happened to my very good friend, amd most capable artist, -Percy Shammon, of ope ratic tenor renown. The -Mon tagu -Turner Company were performing here ait the time, and 'the opera, billeid .Was 'Maritana.' ' Just as the overture was about to commence, however, 'Charlie' Turner was tfcakeai seai ously ill, and 'Mr. Shannon happening to be 'in front' at 'the time, his valuable aid was asked, and, as usual, 'Cheerfully given. An other serious hitch, came on, however, when Percy began to dress for Don Caesar, for he 'happens to be built on 'pony' limes, while poor Turner possessed a fine upstand ing Herculean figure. There was nothing left, therefore, bat to pull Turner's dothes in baggy folds round Percy's form, anfd then sew him up tin them ; which one of the ladies did, with (as the sequel showed) mora celerity than strength. All went well, however, until 'Don Caesar came down to Ithe footlights to warble that soul -.stirring strain, 'Y es ! Let -Me Like a Soldier Fall ! ' Nerving hlmse/1'f it® let thiB off in hiis very best style, Percy struck the C on the Word 'Yes' with such determined vigor that he not only 'split the eaas of the groundlings' but he also split the waistband of his nice plush pants, but 'With 'great presence of mind he Caught the bursted band in front, just where his 'top itnouser-trutton ought to be, and held on 'bravely as he tcolled out the rest Of the line. But when he came to ?the 'soul sentiment, 'This breast expanding for -the ball,' the audience fairly shrieked as 'they noticed where ithe Don's 'hand was pointing, ? an'd -a wag in 'the 'gallery capped a'll by shouting, clear over the din, 'Higher ?up, Mister Caissar ! That's yer bloomin' bingie, not yer breast !' . Of .the old-time opera -days a Sarge and very interesting book could be written, but l mudt 'ring diown the curtain to- day with ithe sound, though allot Wholly ?original, remark, 'Sufficient fear ithe day 'is the evil thereof.' 