LOST FOR LOVE.! 5 CHAPTER XLII. ? MB. WYNDHAM 'S WOOIJiG. ' A bleak and rainy morniug in Speckport — a raw and windy morning, with a sk3' all lead colour, cxcept where it was inky black. A ?wild, wet, rainy day, 011 which nobody wanted to stir out if they could help it. An utterly black and miserable day, that which followed the officer's ball. On this wretchedly wet and windy day Olive Henderson sat at her chamber window, and looked out over the black and foam crested bay. Tho room looked very cozy and pleaHant, with its soft, warm, bright hucd Brussels carpet, its cushioned easy-chairs and lounges, its white- draped bed, it pretty pictures and tables, and bright coal fire burning in the glittering steel grate, its costly window-draperies of lace and damask, looking all tho more pleasant and luxurious by con trast with the black, bleai: day outside. A delightful room tliis bad May morning, a room to bask and luxuriate in, this chamber o£ Olive Henderson. But Olive Henderson herself, sitting by tho window, staring blankly out, seemed to tako very little enjoyment in its comfort aud beauty. She wore a white loose muslin wrapper, tied carelessly round the slender waist with a crimson cord, its every fold, as it hung straight about her telling how indifferently the simple toilette had been made. All her profuse black hair was drawn away from her face, haggard and worn in the gray morning light, and fastened in a great careless knot behind. But some how, the statoliness that was a part of her ? self characterized her as strikingly in this primitive simplicity as when robed in velvet and diamonds last night. Perhaps Semiramis, Qii(icn of Assyria, when in trouble with foreign parts, wore white muslin wrappers, and her black hair dishevelled, before her ?subjects, and managed to look Queen ?Semiramis withal. It isn't likely you know, but she may. Rain, rain, rain ! How ceaselessly it lashed tlie windows, and how piteously it beat on the heads of tho poor little newsboys, passing up and down Golden Row, and chanting disconsolately, Morning Snorter, the S-n-o-o-o-r-ter ! Perhaps, looking up at the curtained window, where the young lady sat, these newsboys thought it was a fine thing to be Miss Olive Henderson, the heiress of Redmon, and live in a handsome house, with servants to wait on her, and nothing to do but play the piano, and drive about in her carriage all day long. But, I am pretty sure, there was not a pug-noBed urchin coming there that particular morning, who was not a thousand times happier than the heiress of Redmon. Discovered — disgraced — rin the power of the man — this stranger ! Liable to be exposed as a liar and a cheat to the world at any hour ! Liable to have all this wealth and luxury, for which she had done so much — for 'which she had risked her very soul — torn from her at any instant, and she herself thrust out to fight the battle of life, with poverty and labour and misery once more. , Bhe seemed to have grown old in four-and. . twenty hours, with her haggard cheeks and v great hollow eyes. She had sat as she was sitting now for hours, her hands clasped loosely in her lap, her vacant gaze fixed on -? . the wretched day, but seeing nothing. Only yesterday, and she had been so sure, so secure, so happy, and now — and now ! She had not fainted the night before. Laura Blair found her lying back ghastly and ?whito in her chair, but not insensible. The ? ballroom had been filled with consternation, and sho was so surrounded immediately that Mr. Wyndham, returning with his glass of water, could find no possibility of approaching her. They had ledher into'the ladies' dressing room, and Captain Cavendish had gone for a cab ; and when she was a little better, they took her home, and the rest went back to the ballroom. People began to think that in spite of Migs Henderson's apparent physical : ? perfection, she was subject to fainting fits, and pitied her very much, as they resumed their dancing. But the eclipsed belles of Speckport rejoiced, I am afraid, in their wicked little hearts, that the conqueress was gone, and held up their pretty heads, which had drooped in the sunlight of her shining presence before. Once at home, Miss Henderson professed herself perfectly restored, and insisted on Laura and her mamma, who had been their chaperone, and Captain Cavendish, going back to the ball once more. 'I shall do well enough now,' she said, wearily. ' I am very foolish, but ? ' Her voice died away, and her head dropped forward on her arm. Captain Cavendish bent tenderly over her, as she lay on a sofa, with a pale and anxious face. . ; ' My darling,' he said, ' I am afraid you are very ill. Lot nie go for Dr. Leach — this may be something serious.' But Miss Henderson positively refused, and 'insisted on their returning to the ball. ' I shall lie down and go asleep,' she said, ' and I will be quite restored to-morrow. Go at once.' ' I shall go,' the captain said, holding her Lands, 'but not back to the, ball. Do you think there could be any pleasure for me there, and you absent, Olive? Gotod night, my love— get rid of this whito face before I' see you to-morrow.' ?1 Olive Henderson slept that night, but it was more like .stupor than healthful sleep, and she awoke with a dully throbbing head ache, and a numbing sense of misery at her heart. She had arisen in the black and wretched dawn of that miserable May morning, and had sat staring vacantly out at the ceaseless rain, and dark and turbid sea. Sho was not thinking — sho was sitting thero in a dull torpor of despair, waiting for the end. Thero was a knock at the door. It had to be repeated two or three times before sho comprehended what it meant, and then she arose and opened the door. It was Rosie, tho housemaid; and tho girl recoiled at sight of \- her, as if she had seen a ghost. ?; ' ? ' My pationco, miss ! how bad you do look ! I am afraid you are worse than you was last night.' ? 'No. What is it you want?' 'It's a gentleman, miss, that has called, \- and is in the drawing-room, although it is raining cats and dogs.' She presented a card to hor mistress, and Olivo read tho namo of 'Paul Wyndham.' Sho turned siclc at sight of that namo — that naraeCso lately heard for tho first time, but so . terribly familiar now ; and looked at tho . girl with a sort of torror iu hor great black oyos. f 1 Is thjg rdaii — is this Mr, Wyndham hore?' .» ' Down in the drawing-room, miss, and his overcoat and umbrella making little streams of rain-water all along the hall. Will you go down, miss ?'' Olive Henderson's hand had closed on the pasteboard with so convulsive a pressure, that the card was crushed into a shapeless mass. Her stupor was ending in a sort of sullen des peration. ' Let the worst come, it was Pate and she was powerless to battle with so for midable a foe. Whatever brought this man now, his coming was merciful ; the most dreadful certainty was better than this horrible suspense, which had made the past night a century of. misery. Rosie, the pretty housemaid, watched her young lady's changing face, as she walked rapidly up and down, her eyes staring straight before her with a fierce and feverish lustre, and her Hds so rigidly set. Rosie saw all this, and greatly marvelled thereat. A gentleman had called very early on a wet morning but that was no reason why Miss Henderson should be prancing up and down her room, with the look of an inmate of a lunatic asylum. ' Will I tell him you'll come down, miss,' Rosie ventured to ask, %vhen she thought the silence had lasted long enough. The voice of the girl drew Olive out of her darkly brooding fit, and she turned to close her door. ' Yes,' she said. ' Tell him I will be down in five minutes.' She walked to the glass, and looked at her self. I dare say Lady Jane Grey and Mary Queen of Scots did the same before they were led to the block, and I doubt if either wore a more ghostly face at that Horrible moment than the girl standing there did now. She smiled in bittar scorn of herself, as she saw the haggard face and' the hollow, burning eyes. ' I look as if I had grown old in a night,' she said. ' Where is the beauty now that so many have-praised since I came here ?' She made no attempt to change her dress, but with the loose white muslin wrapper trailing in long folds around her and girdled with scarlet,, she descended the stairs, and entered the drawing room. Mr. Paul Wyndham Was sitting at a win dow, watching the ceaseless rain, beating against the glass. At that very window, looking at the silvery moonlight, she herself had sat a few nights before, while she promised Captain Cavendish she would be his wife. Perhaps she thought of this as she swept-past, a la princesse, just deigning to acknowledge her visitor's presence by her haughtiest bow. She could not have acted otherwise, had a hundred fortunes depended on it, and she did not sit down. She stood beside the mant6l, her arnj, from which. the flowing white sleeves dropped away, leaning on it, her eyes fixed steadily upon the man before her, waiting in proud silence for what he had to say. Any one else might have been disconcerted, but Mr. Wyndham did not look as if he was. He looked pile and quiet and gentlemanly, and entirely self-possessed. ' You do not ask the object of my visit, Miss Henderson,' he said, ' although the hour is unfashionably early, and the day not such as callers usually select. But I presume you have been expecting me, and are not sur prised.' ' I am not surprised,' she said, coldly. ' I thought that at this hour I should be most certain of finding you at home and alone. Therefore, I havo come, knowing that after what passed last night, the sooner we come to an understanding the better.' 