QGle tirgslllbi tile., MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1S?. Tua second reading of the Enablin Bill, remitting the amended Commaion wealth Constitution Bill to the Iteler-i dum, will be discussed in tho New Sobm Wales Parliament to-morrow. ot Assembly has made up its mind to pan tile measure, but the very certainty that the numbers are against themn gives ith anti-Federationist a considerable iadrn tage in tile discussion. Time, to om the familiar phrase of the auctioneer !, tihe "essence of the contract," and to push on the bill through all its stages of more importance than for lFedm tionists to expose in verbose debate ts fallacies of the Oppositioniats. 1" fortunately, there are many people wb are always willing to believe all ase. tion, if it is uncontralicted, especiali when it fits in with their prejudics, There is still a strong party in Nie, South WVales determined to oppose itt Convention's Federation Constitutin; Bill by any means. They resent beiDi termed anti- Federnlionists, tit aree. theless their ainm is to block Federatii in the vague hope that in the course d a ftw years either Now South Wnles eO make better terms for herself, or [a sibly a union formed on the (lerms plan, giving New South Wales the sami preponderence that Prussia enjoys ii thle German Empire. Only poltiicis of the stamnp of Sin honor. DUIs, Mull WANT, and Mn A, G(eorrar EAoEn, Itave any belief in suchnell shim rical idea, but they are dangerousn b' cause they are energetic, recklesr, ad have the support of those whol like )31 IIloaaos, in Victoria, thinalkthat ti waiting, a more democratio fors dn Federation' ifiy be obtained. 1lie dense is still the ignorance on the re visions of the Comnimonwealth Constilte tution was exemplified by tile fact of hI1 Asnenasoe, one of the Governmentteul porters, who professed to have stldiotl thi lill carefully, gravely asking Mn liei to insert a clause for the abolishlnt dti intercolonial llduties. The incident ca?nla a hearty laugh in the House, bit jutldt ing from the speeches of several otti memulbers, M?u A.xnuisess'S ignlloance t( the clauses of thloe ill is cqlualled Il their ignorance of its principle. i . tFderitionists persist in talking as the (Constitution ]ill was aO eutiet!I new depalture in legislation, and not 0 MnI 1)E.tKIN aptly decilned it-a co~slt t(tion embodyitng the most liberal pt1i ciples of Parliamentary (Govertnall already in existence in the colonies. t The pCopil are not asked to ncceplt ai uutrievd novelty in the way of admitistalu tive machinery. Such "exlptimetills u the alppointmtent of Minuiters eithlO roelection, which has Iproved so diOa trtlls to a stable catbinet in France, ott referentdum, which wouhl deprive IIs Senate of its power of veto, hate lea eliminated. The Federal Iloveretllt is truly a federation on the princil'Ol familiar to the citizens of every call! Muich talk has been indulged in st'il the loss ttd gain of the tmleditc et I! whltich the Federal capital is fihe ia New South \Vales, cwhilou lehlbol?r?le? to enjoy tli aidvantage of being I," temporary capital of Federated .tA t ulia. Judging bIy Cli tXhlltriru; of Atmerica tul Switzerlanld Ihtl is really little to be gained by a lyr city being also the political 00111'" 'Walshington has not ratdo as mouch I'0 gress venl as ti arltlitit and lit'rael! capital as Bh?otoun, l'hiltadelphi, Cliltituore. erone is far iuferior G(leneva aIt centre of the highier etllt' As regards cotmmercial dcvele,'lupul being the seat of (;oeit ttit a"l'l to bo ? a tdra rather than nit inei,'n No do ubt some slmi all iwnshsil', plo'i',l . in too Iivtr inta, or "i the liitle he ,1' coutry! atrolinat 'i;?; old I:yI, Vill i +'i into prlotlnenep andl prioprrily 4? . PFederal capital, but the comneltic, 5 ý profits of supplying that capital with goods and entertainments will come to Melbourne and Sydney almost as much as if the Government buildings were in either of those cities. It is really too somall an affair to quarrel over, and Mna Reid can be allowed his boasting about his superior diplomacy in securing the amendment to the Constitution giving the Federal Palliament no choice as to the State in awhich the Federal capital is to be established. It is one of those concessions which, as Lono SALIsBsRt said recently, hurt no one, yet smooth the tfiled susceptibili ties of the defeated party. Mn REID had to he assisted to lay what Mia Hun Ioes practically termed the ghosts of his dead speeches hiclh were continually rising up to challenge him. Queensland in like manner had to be lot down easily. By allowing MRI Dicesos to joiu as an equal in the conference of Premiers to discuss amendments to a bill which his colony lihd no part in framing, Queens land leels it no derogation to her "proper pride" to join the federal movement. It is this chastened spirit amongst tile poli ticians which make the prospects of the immediate accomplishment of federation so satisfactory. The anti-federationists have really only one line of defence, and that is the apathy of the people who will accept federation, but will not vote for it. If they can only work upon this apathy, until indifference grows to doubt, then they triumph. The onednty of all federationists is to rouse the people and make them realise that those who are not with them are against them. The people who are neither hot nor cold, who will say neither "yes" nor "no" are imperil ling their own prospects, and retarding until perhaps too late, the means by which Australia will spring.from a group cf colonies to the power and splen dour of a nation. Thursday, the 2nd, and Thursday, 16th March have been Gazetted public holidays in the Sale Borough. Thursday 23rd March, has been Gazetted as a public holiday throughout the shire of Rosdale. The partnership of Arthur Dendy, J." M. Craig, and A. M. Craig has been dissolved. l'arcels await delivery at the Sale Rail way station for the following:-Lalor, Cross, Lyon, Hagenauer, Smith, Bnsot, A.Beekett, M'IIwain, Polkinghorne, Cobain Wise, Mathieson, Parker, Fergiason, Sillett, Webb, M'Intosh, Kelleher, Wilson, Nelson, Howard, Hornidge, King, Taylor, Rev. Fathers Coleman and Synnott. The "Courier" says :-A good many sug gestions, all more or less had, have been made for a name for, the new Federal Capital. The best. we have yet seen is one submitted to nos by an old resident of Sale, who derives the euphonious term "Salutaria" by an anagram of the word Australia. We are not strong on anagrams, as a rule, but this appears to be a happy one. Etymologically, Salutaria means health, safety, or otherwise a welcome or greeting. Some name will have to be selected, and this appears to hold the record up to the present. We have been assured that it has been submitted to, and approved, by some of the leading lights of the Federal movement At the Bairnsdalo Court of Petty Sessions on Friday last, six Salvationists were fined £1 each, with lls 6d costs, in default seven days' imprisonment. for marching in pro cession through the streets of Bairnsdale. A stay of execution for 14 days was granted. .Mr J. R. F. Davis, Allan's well-known travelling tuner and representative, will visit Sale and district on Friday next. Custom ere requiring his services are requested to send messages as soon as possible to the Adelphi Hotel. The half- yearly muster of stock comn mences next Wednesday, the first day being devoted to horses, and the two following days to cattle. Owners must bear in mind that the master will take place at the yards recently erected on the common. Few licensees who have booths at outdoor public gatherings are aware that they must not sell after 7 p.m., but the police are taking steps to impress it on them in the Traralgon and Morrell districts. It seems rather absurd that in the long days of the eummer, and at places where the sports are not over until late, that the police should come down on a licensed man for supplying his customers a 'few minutes after seven o'clock, just as they would in a sly-grog case, hut the law is on.their side,and for the future in Gippaland holders of licenses for booths will do well to set the alarm for 7 p.m. by the post office clock before start ing out. Watehes differ at times. We have had our attention called to this matter by a correspondent, who informs us that at the Morwell police court on Thursday, before Mr Cresswell, P.M, and Messra Edney and Hall, J.P., C. E. Miller, land lord of Malrdock's hotel, was fined £2 and 10s costs for having allowed liquor to be sold at his booth at the Yinnar races on ind January last at 10 minutes past 7 pm., the temporary license only allowing the sal of lilquor between 10 etm. and 7p.m. James Dobie who had been acting as a barman for MIr Miller, andI sold the glass of ale to O'iara after 7 p.m. was fined £25 witlh 10s costs; both fines were paid at once and the 'Police Magistrate stated that if application was madtle in the proper quarter he would recommend the remission of Dobie's fine. C. Smythl was fined 10s and 2o costs for not hIaving a lamp in front of his licensed pre mises at MorwelL Win. Little sued iR. ]ate for illegal detention of a?heifer,'but the case wnas diamissed with £2 l cost.. At the Mirboosolice court, Gee. Downing was committed for three days for.non.pays-. tuent of a fine under the dog act; and Wm. Little was fined Os and £1 1s 9d costs for asaulting a boy named Charles Payne. "The Aurstralasian" gives special promi nence to the Salo Turf Club's annual races it its issueof Saturday. "On the Stewardi's Stand" serves to introdeuce a nuimber of the officials; the two views on the grand stanid, " lMaking up a Sweep," and " A corner of he Grand Stand,"as wellas " Tle Afternoon Tea," are done full justice to by the photo grapher anl engraver, whilst " lobby Brown,"the dusky "King Ilundawaal in Meltung," describod as "a veteran (lippslatdt sport," eould notbe imnproved Ulpoit. Extra copies may be obtained from the local agents if applied for early this week. The Mohawk Minstrels are actively rehear. sing for their performance on the 16th March, and the programme, which will appear in next issue of the Times, will be found to equal any yet provided by the com pany. The chorus is a good one, and Mr Paul is unsparing in his efforts to have the parts as perfect as possible, in addition to which the old favorites, Messrs. Clues and Osmond, will fill their respective corners. The Cttninghame correspondent to the " Courier" writes that there is cotnsiderable tun.tiness felt in atnd about that neighboutr :,,,l aotong.t the ftrmera and cattle Owllcr:, owing to the lltystcriouo anl coin pletc disappearance of cattle fromn their pas ture tl and paddocks. iars anl padloctks Oetllt to, Ie Ito obstacle, andl as neither torttn nor ehtf i to be fot l, it is Ieyon?l I lout that they thae ieen eremoved bodily, and all trace th',tritvel Sonic tiine hack there [a rteat wailing aflter- ot thiktnet,. Nowt o i lrger g~atl;, oril !i,,qino ts ',colt sesti6us. The Sale Rowing Club will hold scratch fours on Thursday, and in the evening run a moonlight trip to Lake Wellington. The "shareholders" steamboat trip to Ocean Grange arranged for yesterday was abandoned as thle "all night" programme did not meet with approval. The Maffra Agricultural Society's com mittee decided on Friday that the condli tion attached to class P (needlework) -"All the above to be the work of the exhibitor and never before exhibited," shall not apply to any collection in that claos. Entries will be received for sections 1, 2, 3, 5, 14 and 18, without extra charge up till Tuesday. A man, named William Watson, of Linde. now, was bitten by a snake on the leg last Thursday, and was sent to the Bairnsdale hospital for treatment. Although there was really nothing new in aIr Justice Hodges' ruling as to " recent posseOsion" in tile cattle-stealing case last week, it caused a good deal of uneasiness to fannrmers and graziers when they heard it. At first sight, it does seem a monstrous thing that if an owner loses possession of a beast for over six months the man to whose posses sion it is first tracedl cannot be criminally prosecuted, But there is another aspect of the case which will present itself to our readers on more mature consideration. Would it not be an equally monstrous thing in a district such as this where cattle change hands so frequently, occasionally three or four times a week at the Maffra, Sale and Traralgon markets and where so mach whole sale dealing takes place, if the innocent holder of a stolen beast had to go to trial, with the risk of gaol, if he could not tell exactly where he got the animal? The uninitiated may say, " Oh, it is easy enough for a buyer to say where he got a beast, for heo gets the brands on his receipt," but those in the trade know that it is a very common thing in the rush of dealing to have the brands improperly described. There are other causes which also operate to make it very diflicult,afterany length of time, for the holdersof cattle to say where they got any particular beast from, antl surely it is well that, after a reasonable time has elapsed, they should not be liable to be placed under arrest until their bona file ownership is established. Far better to let the guilty escape than to place the innocent in such jeopardy. It is nonsense to say that "as t siatters sitand at present, a man may steal a horse, plant the nnimal for nine months, and then, having saddled and bridled it, 5 may ride up to the owners's door andt defy I hIim to touch either him--the thief-or his own property.". Such is not the case nor E did Mr Justice Hodges say anything on which that construction could be put. "Recent possession" must be established for all the purposes of a criminal prosecution, but failure to establish " recent possession" does not prevent an owner from recovering his property in the civil courts. Therefore, in this connection the law is not the "hass" Mr Bumble considered it, and prudent men will hesitate before they will join in any agitation to have it altered. As it stands at present no injustice can be done to owners. True, it gives the skilled cattle duffer a chance to evade gaol, but that is very much better than to place innocent people in the'position of criminals. There is a member of Parliament for one of the Gippsland districts (says a writer in the "Leader") whose constituents are not satisfied with him. They give him credit for good intentions, blst they have come to the conclusion tlat he lacks the power to have his views carried out. He was "in favour of" everything at the election, bus his being in favour 'of reforms of all kinds does not seem to bring the reforms ans nearer. When brought toloi k recently bly a group of influential voters,, he complained that they were unreasonable in being dis satisfied when they knew he had.Ldol as-his best to get the matters in question attended to." "Yoea ought to be satisfied," he said " for you know I went to the Minister about it, and evei tried to bring it up in the House. If you didall you could to get a feed for your horse and failed through no fault of your own, it would be very mean of the horse to blame you, would it not ?" Well, 5 we might not like the horse to blame us," replied one of the deputation, "but we certainly wouldn't expect that horse to have a very satisfied look." Agricultural lllustra- tions sometimes illustrate too much. Dougald M'CGregor was committed for trial by the Richmond Bench on Wednes day on a charge of obtaining money by means of false pretences from a Kew chemist, named Robert Anderson.: The accused had, it was alleged, falselyrepresented that a cow which he sold to Mr Anderson had only recently calved, would give sixteen quarts of milk per day, was quiet, and had been bred by Mr Buckley, of Toorak. Some important facts bearing on the case of Gunner Briner, who was shot dead by 1 Gunner Pollock at Queenseliff, apparently without the least provocative reason, have been ascertained by Detective-Sergeant Whitney, whlo returned from Queenselift I afterinvestigating the ase. The peculiarity of the crime was thlat, as far as could Ibe ascertainedl, there was no motive whastever for it. The detective has been informed that 10 days before the occnrresce, Gunner Pollock, placing a cartridgo in his rifle, said to Gunner Brown, "I will shoot you. Do you dare me to shoot yous " Treating thel matter as a joke, tumsser Blrown replised, "No Iwos't ldare you." t;unner I'ollock then said, "That's all right. I wonlt olhoot a man for less than sixpence." After thlis Gunner Pollock remnoved thie cartrildge froms the weapon and the incident estled. Ser geant Whitsey has tracedl Pollock's move ments on the dlay of the tragedly till tlhe hour at night when it happened. On this occasion, Pollock, this time addressing Gun ner Hamilton, repeated thie quesction, "Do you dliie mne to shoot you:" Hamilton lasghed, anl Gunner Briner, s he was sitting on his bedl, said to Pollock, "Yosu are great at the ganme of hIlff." lPollockl thle loaldedl hIis rifle, delilbrately took nims, anl shot liriner. There is not tlse remotest trace of any ill feeling hlaving existed between Pollock and the victims of the tragic occur Accolrdiug to reports of a great number of physicians of tiLhe ilighlcst professional stand ing. there are oflered Eucalypti Exntracts whichl possess no curativequalitics. In pro tection of the world wide fame of Sander and Sons' preparation we publishl a lofw? abstracts from these reports, uohich bear fully out thalt no reliance can be placed in other products:-Dr. WI'. It. ush, 0akland, Fla., writes-" It is sometimes dillicult to obtain thie genuine article (Saonder and Son'). i employed different other preparations; they had no therapcutic value and no effects. In one case the efects were simnilar to the oil eamphora, tlhe oljectionab!e action ofl which is well known." Dr. I. R. Ukske, Portland, Oregon, says--"Since I became acquainted withll this preparation (Ssnder and Sons') I use no othlr formofeucalyptqs as I think it by far tile best." Dr. S. P. P'reston, Lyochburg, Va., writes-" I never use anypreparatisn other than Sander and, So,,', as I have found the others to be almost useless." Dr. J. 31. Corlnell, Kansas Ct'it, Kane., says-" Care has to be exercised not to be supplied with spirious preparations, as done by sny supply-ldruggist." Dr. II. B. H"rt, New York, nys--" It goes without i saying tlhat Sander and SUns' Eacalypti Ex tract is the bet the ht he narket." Dr. James RIeekie, Fairviesv, N. I.--" So snide is withi me the range of applications of S nder aud Son's Eucalypti Extract that I carry it with me sherver [go. I find it most usefoul in diarrhrea, iall throt trolubles, bronchitis, I etc." T)r. A. MSlKitrick, llrownsburg. Intl. -" I regardl Sander and Sons' Eucalypti Extract withll high repate. As a remedy for asthmatic and hronehil tronhlesr, it e'rtainly antnt bie excellrs d 