'Dante the Great' was reading the inter view with himself in Saturday's ''Evening Journal,' and was pleased with it up to a certain Doint Cominr to the sentence— 'Oh! yes, the Adebtde audiences— and, in leed, the audiences throughout Australia -are**— w*rich was intercepted by a large pictorial Dreyfus block— be did not take the advice of the little Salvation Army lassie and 'follow on,' but his eyes turned to the top of the next column. This is what there met his eye— 'the greatest, thieves on earth. They stole all the Stage Mana ger's took, but the most alarming theft of iU was when one of the committee came on to the stage while the imitation seance ires bamg given, and when examining the Lay took the gold watch from his pocket under my very eyes.' Dante was thunder struck. 'GreaitCaeear's ghost!' he exclaim fd; 'they've been and mixed Australia up irith Mexico. FH be poleaxed. My life is not -worth a minute's purchase. I must rat a posse of poKce.to take me to the rhearre to-night.' But he could not be lieve bis own eyes, and so he started ta read the startling statement again. This time bis eyes followed on, passed the Drey Fas picture, and he sow '*re very appre ciative.' The mag8'*'1 heaved a sigh of rePcf. 'Some of the lamp-posts in Palmerston tforth, New Zealand, have a history worth relating (writes the Dunedin correspondent « the 'Australian'). About 1828 an Ameri ran printing press was boded in Botany Bay, and was used for printing in connec tion with convict works. It was used to print the 'Sydney Morning Herald' in 1831. Some time later it found its way to Xew Zeaktnd, and vu used to print the first issue of the Wellington Independent' in ISli Twenty years later it turned up at Row, and then it drifted about the diggings town*ips of the West Coast of tie South [shod. It then found its way to Opunake, in Taranaki, in 1SS3, and a year later it tras in Palmerston North, where it was used to print a *ee* nmrrnac. It appear* to have been rtowed away, rusting in old lumber, while the proprietors of the 'Syd ney Morning Herald' unavaiKngly adver tised for it, with -ths object of setting it up as a curiosity alongside their fast' modem machinery, capable of turning out is many sheets in an hour as the old press rould turn out in 200 hours, qt eight days of right hours* continuous work, or, taking the ordinary eight pages of the 'Herald,' as much in an hour as the press could do (rich M-utinu«ius work in 33 days 8 hours. The old press then turned up at a foundry, and now it stands as lamp-posts in the street to shed light in dirk places— a. not unfitting fate.' The printing press which arrived in South Australia in 1836, and was used to print ''The Regutor' a few months later, ii still in the office of the proprie tors cf this paper, and is carefully preserved is on intcresung memento o£ the olden times. Offing to an inadvertence, a biography of Sir John Frederick Bridge, the organist of Westminster Abbey, was given to accom pany the picture ot bir John Bridge, the nreu-knotvn London Police Magistrate, which appeared in Saturday's 'Evening Journal.*' Sir John Bridge is the Chief Police Magistrate for the English metro polis, and received his knighthood in 1S90. ie was born in lS2i, educated at Trinity College, Oxford, and admitted as barrister to the Inner Temple in 1SS0. From Mr. James Bowden, London, we iave received s. useful little illustrated manual on 'Health Exercises and Home gymnastics— how to train, strengthen, and levdop the body without the use of aunib lells' or other appliances,' by Hartvig Kisttu, instructor m gymnastics at Har vard University and Director of physical raining at Boston Public School. Mr. C. A. Ubrlaub, certificated teacher under the Education Department, and Mas ter of Modern Languages, is about to open evening classes of shorthand, book-keeping, irithmetic, &c;, at the Wellington-road School, Norwood. We have been asked to call attention to in alteration in die time of the steamer L'orowo, which will leave Murray Bridge on Tuesday evening, instead of Wednesday as luual. Mr. T. H. Wolhnann, of 14S, PuHeney street, Adelaide, has just accomplished an irtistic piece of work by cutting down and altering a high-cushion billiard table and iltcring it to the modern k-n*-cu?hion table. The table is to be seen in the Set borne billiard saloon, and is something al together new in this colony, and can be done by Mr. Wallmann for at least a third of the cost than having them sent out of the colony. Mr. Harry Evans, the well known ex-champion billiard player of Aus tralia, who has charge of the room, speaks highly of the table, and is perfectly satis fied that it will compare with any other ow-cushion table in the same room. Mr. Wallmann set up and covered the table on which the recent billiard championship match was played. nx It w quite an old savins that tie Aus tralian tun ?mII take the colour out of any thing, but Obas. Birks * Co.'s new stock of Bbe .Serge Suitings, jib* to hand, are all pure indigo dyes, and absolutely reliable. Suits from *buy-five shillings. n231e_ There is no article of human consumption more injurious to the health of the public than the use of inferior tea. BLOSSOM TEA is absolutely pure, and contains only the very choicest pickings of hill-grown Ceylon, Indian, and China Teas specially blended and packed in AIRTIGHT TINS, which retain the natural flavour of the tea, and reaches the consumer in exactly the same condition as the day it left the plan tation on which it was grown. BLOSSOM TEA is sold at 1/3, 1/6, and 1/0 per ID. b- all grocers; also wholesale and retail at the CITY GASH STOXES, 45, Bundle-street, Adelaide. n331mwsc Otto B. Hup, the S«bt Medics! Clairvoyant, may be conauiUtl »t ibe Botanic flotei. North terrace. A&laide;, on Monday, Tuoiday, am) Wed. nc*lay. the ilst. £nd, and 3rd ot August, till noon o( la*t day. Swiss Alpine' Herbal Treatment. Patients at a distance can be diagnosed by fend ing a lock of Uair cat dose to the rooU; no other ptnon bat patient nuat touch the hair. Correct diagnosis guaranteed. Fee, lot. «d. Mel bourne iUdte*s. Otio B. Hue, East Melbourne. nSSe Mothers with boys to clothe will bo in terested to know Jiat Messrs. Chas. Birks and Co. have again marked oil several hundred pairs of Boys' Tweed and. Serge Knickers made from tailoring remnants. n±21c 'My Experience as a Cliariiy Carnival Organizer, an interesting 16-page illustra ted pamphlet, published by A. b. Gordon. Free on application. Send postcard to A. S. Gordon, Manager Adelaide Property Distribution, Perth, W.A. n223mwf312 'GardVn and Field' for August— Prize Designs (or Cow-shelters, best ever published in Aus tralia: Artificial Chicken-mother; TubercoiotU: Fcreeaitinic Frost, important to Fruit and Vine (3ro«er»; Useful Notes. OroVr at once; July sold out; 5± ©U. yearlr. Adilress—Grenfell-rtreet, Adelaide. « n21tmwfe 