SKKTCIIER. ON THE TRAIL OF A GHOST. There has been published this week a book under the title of ' The Alleged Haunting of B ? House, ' which should cause no little stir in psyohioal and spiritualist circles. It is edited by the Marquis of Bnte and Miss Goodrioh Freer— the 'MissX' who figured prominently in the controversy two yean ago. ? B ? House '—for obvious reasons its real name and that of its proprietor are not given by Lord Bute, but it is well —having the bad reputation of being haunted, waB taken ou lease bf the Marquis, and Colonel Taylor, a well-known Spiri tualist, put in possession to investigate mat ters with the aid of Miss Freer and other Roman Oatholio friends. They all kept diaries, wbioh recorded their ghostly experi ences, and this book tells the whole story. It is a capital book for the holidays, ft carries on every page the elements of never ending wonder, speculation, and toeptioism, to make things lively on rainy days at the ooast or in the country. We make some characteristic selections :— WBKN XOBP £im bhib^ OF IT. It was in 1892 that Lord Bute first heard of the haunting of B— House in Perth shire. Here is an extraot from his journal : —August 7. In afternoon with Father H ? and Lord Dumfries to Falkland. Be gives a long aooount of the physioal dis turbances at B ? ; noises between his bed and the ceiling, like continuous explosions of petards, so that he ooald not hear himself speak. Father H ? said he had spoken of the matter to Mr S ? (the proprietor), who expressed an iaea that the disturbances might be caused by his nnole, the late Major S ? , who was trying oo attract attention in order that prayers might be offered for the repose of his soul. Tub Restless Majoe S— . Major S ? was born in 1806, retired trom the Indian army with the rank of major in I860, and died in 1876. His two brothers died unmarried, and of his six sis ters three married and a fourth, leabella, entered a nunnery, and there professed the name of ?Frances Helen.' She died in 1880. The Mejcr bequeathed B ? to the repre sentatives of hie married sister Mary, and on his death was succeeded by her seoond son John, who was a Roman Catholic The Major was a believer in spirit return, and many witnesses have attested that he fre quently spoke of his own return after death. He was tond of dogs, and he frequently in timated his intention of entering the body of a particular bUctc spaniel which he pos sewed ; but after his death all his dogs, in cluding the spaniel, were shot, in order to render any Bach action ou his part im possible. Sfxbit Bap fob Mi job's Sdooissob. John S —, his successor, went to London in 1895 on family business, and waa there run over by a cab and killed. Lord Bnte, in his journal, under date January 17th, 1897, s*ya— 'I hear that the morning the late S ? of B ? left home for the last time, spirits came and rapped to him in his room, donbtless to warn him, so that death was owing to the oruel superstition which had prevented him allowing them to be oommunioatod with.' Lord Bute's infor mant seems to have been the Rev. Sir David Hunter Blair, now Father Blair of Fort Augustus Monastery. The son. Captain d ? , atonoelet the house and the shoot ings to Colonel Taylor as the nominal but Lord Bute as the real tenant ; and then the tun began. YmjKo Last ass the Spooks. Mrs G. writes :— ' A young lady of by no means timid disposition, and possessed of OTfVkt. nfABAftfta nf ininJ Una ACt-_» knn~J iL. swing door pushed open and footsteps oom ing along the oorridor, pausing at the door. The footsteps she had also heard going round her bed. Many visitors have had the game experiences, and many have heard the wild unearthly shriek which has rung through the house at midnight.' The Gxiooe Stedoe Ore. Mrs G. given her own experiences :— ' The first night all was still, but the following night a snooension of thundering knock* oame from the end of the passage. Half an hour afterwards my husband heard a pierc ing shriek. The next night we heard single knocks at different doors. The last night of our visit, I heard the dock strike one, and immediately it oeased six violent blows shook our own door on its hinges, followed by deep tr.roB.nB. A man with bronzed com plexion and bent figure has been seen by two friends bf mine. They both describe him as having oome through the door, and passing through the room in which they were, about three in the morning.' First Bight of the Nun. Miss Freer's journal of her experiences is very good reading :— fhe maids tell me they heard the sounds of continuous reading aloud, whioh afterwards became quite familiar. The sound was always that well cnnwti tn Unman natfiniina ao tli.t nf _ priest saying his offioe.' We decided to walk in the avenue. It was quite dark but the snow gleamed bo white that we mold sea our way to the plantation. In a few minutes i stopped. Against the snow I saw a light black figure— a woman moving slowly up the glen. Sne stopped and turned and looked at me. When ahe oame under the tees she disappeared, the others saw nothing.' In a letter to Lord Bate under February 25, 1896, Miss Freer describes tbis figure with some detail: — 'Those figures do not appear before 6.30 at earliest. They appear to be outlined by threads of light. It is only when the face appears in profile tbat one out describe the feature*, and this is sosaewhat prevented by the nan's veil. ' Ishbel appears to me to be slight and of fair height. Her hair is dark, aud then is an intensity of gase which is rare tn light coloured eyes.. Lord Bute identifies the nun as probably Miss Isabella 8 ? , the favourite sister of Major S ? , who be cams a nun in 1860 and died in 1880. ' TaB'Doa'ii5'nia Spook. 'February 16—1 bad- an experience this morning which should be recorded. J was writuur. I felt a distinot gentle push against my ehalr. I thought it was the dog, but he was not then. I went on writing, when oame . another decided push against myself whioh moved me on my chair. I looked backward, the room was empty. When lbs W ? oame In sbe called my attention to the dog, who was gating Intently from the hevthrng at the place where I had expected to aee him. ? IsBBKb' in) ' MabOBS.' 'I saw the nun again, and an older woman in grsy, who talked earnestly, with her, she answering at intervals. My com panions heard the voices, bnt did not see the figures. The older woman afterwards became familiar, and the name of ' Margef was given to her half in fun, and simply because this was ons of the two names given by the ? Ouija' board— used by Spiritual ists—in hypnotio writing, as 'Ishbel' was also given several times when her name was asked.' 'February 18 — I saw 'Ishbel' and ' Margef in the old spot across the [burn, ' Isbbel' was on Ler kbses iu the attitude of weeping, ' Margef apparently .reasoning; with her in a loud voioe. I could not hear what was (aid for the noise of the burn. Miss M ? said, 'I saw nothing bat I heard a low talking.' ' The editors in a foot-note say :— The nun to whom was given the name of ' Ishbel.' This subject has bean already discussed, and the suggestion thrown out that the phant asm was an erroneous mentelpiotore of tha late Rev Mother Frances Helen, evolved from the imagination of a half-eduoated person who had never seen the ladv in question, and knew little abont her. This figure was seen many times by Miss Fraser and Miss Langton, twloe by ihe Rev Mr Q ? ,' and probably by Madame Boisseaux. who unhappily died suddenly before the editors had an opportunity of asking her for exaot information. There were also earlier witnesses. She was never seem else where than in the glen, exoept once by Miss Langton, and on the one oooasion when a Bishop was Baying Mass in the house, and Miss Freer saw her outside the window just after the elevation of the ohalioe. It was stated, however, by two separate witnesses, that a figure, probably the same, had been seen inside the house on at lead one oooasion, when, some years before Colonel Tavlor'B tenancy, Mrs 8 ? was keeping her room, and a maid who was bringing up a tray met the figure on the stairs, and experienced euoh a start that she dropped the tray. The lay-woman dresstd in grey to whom was given the name of ? Marget,' and who was sometimes seen in the company ol ?Ishbel,' usually as though upbraiding or reproving her. She was seen by Miss Freer and Miss Langton, and her voioe in con versation with ' Ishbel' was heard not only by them, but by Mr O ? and Miss Moore, Mr - Q.,' and Miss ' Duff.' TBS HU WITH TUX LXKP. 'February 21.— Again this morning we heard noises of pattering In the next room. The dog got up and uat apparently watohing something invisible to us, turning his head slowly as if following the movements of some person or thins; across the room from east to west. Daring the night Miss Moore keard footsteps crossing the room, as of an old invalid man sunffilng in slippers.' Miss H ? , another visitor, also heard the steps of an oh) man with a most peculiar limp. EK TiSBS THE BTJSDtlSS Ot EUm. Lord Bute, in a private letter on April 29 to a distinguished ecclesiastic, says :— ' We spent' 48 hours at B ? . On the way I was shown the enolosur* in the oburchyard wherein lie, in unmarked graves, the late Major S ? , his housekeeper, and his Indian servant. I would have gone and prayed there, but the place seemed to me too public. The house is bright and cheerful, As her ladyship and myself lid not wish to be troubled at night, we took room in the wing which the late Majoi S ? had built in order to save his children from the 'haunting,' and tre slept their quite oom foitable: After 6 p.m. I went to the plaoe near the bum where the apparition of ten appeared. I read aloud the ' vespers ' for the dead, but no phenomenon appeared, nor had I any sensation. About 7.30 I went to room No. 5 and read aloud the first ' Noo turn of the dirge ; ' there was nothing to ba seen or heard, but I felt a. strong sensation that persons were listening. (The words, in uttering whioh Lord Bate was thus affected, were— 'Regain ooi omnia vivant venite ad oremus,' an invitation whioh he meant to include all intelligent beings). During the night slept weu, Saw and heard nothing. Next day visited haunted bum; saw nothing. At 10 o'clock, in room D, read the third 'Nooturn,' made slips of pronunciation and felt the preaenoe ef others very strongly, and thai it was hostile or evil, as though they were kept at aims length. A duagreeab'.e sensation continued until I threw some holy water on my bed before getting into it, when it sud denly disappeared.' The Lui Bang. Miss Freer, in a letter to Lord Bute, in describing the departure of a visitor— Mdme Boisseaux— says— ' While waiting for the carriage she tenoned my arm and pointed to the window, where I perceived the figure of 'Ishbel,' and 'Margef seemed to hover in the background. After Mdme's departure the Bishop blessed th» honse from top to bottom. He sprinkled rooms 1, 3, and 6 with holy water. He and the priests had — —»?»?» IJVUU TTUVM U1OS.U T7IH (? tUUU WAUK UU a little table. The Bishop and priests re turned aud the oeremony was repeated, after which the bang occurred, bnt mnoh more faintly. This bang was the last phenomenon of an abnormal kind during this tenancy,' Shallow abd Iicfudbnt Iupobtube. As a suggestive pendant, it is worth re calling the trenchant artiole of the 'Times' writer, in «hioh he denounoed the whole affair as a great imposture. Here is an extraot :— ' Lord Bute « confidence has been grossly abused by some one. it was re presented to him that he was taking the most haunted house in Scotland— a house with an established repntation for mys terious, if not supernatural disturbances. What he has got is a house with no reputa tion whatever of that kind, with no history, with nothing germane to his purpose beyond a olond of baseless rumours produoed during the last 12 months. Who is responsible for this imposture it is not my business to inquire, but that it is an imposture of the most Bhallow and impudent kind there oan be no manner of doubt. The whole thing lias beep fndged up in London.' 