OUR ROLL OF HONOR. II Mr. FRED. HOLDSWORTH. Me. Fred. Holdsworth, the new pre sident of the Operative Masons and Bricklayers' Association, was born in England in 1859, and arrived in the colonies in 1886. Some nine years ago he first took an active part in unionism, and soon worked himself into the first rank. Our Victorian workers recognised Mr. Holds worth's services by electing him to the position of pre sident of the Masons' Society, and the West Australian Masons and Brick layers' Society also honored him by placing him in a like position. He first identified himself with the local society in May, 1898, and has taken an active part in its business ever since. He represents his society on the United Labor Party, having been chosen as delegate for three terms in succession, also represented his society on the Eight Hours Celebration Union. On September 4 Mr. Holdsworth was unanimously chosen president of the Operative Masons and Bricklayers' Association, af position his wide ex perience and capacity for work will enable him to fill with honor to his society and credit to himself. Salisbury Literary Society. — The annual meeting of this society was held at the Salisbury Institute on Tuesday, August 28. The secretary (Mr. J. Whitbread) presented a comprehensive report of the year's proceedings, which showed that a wide range of subjects had been dealt with of a literary, political, social, and scientific character. During the year lectures by Professor Tate, on " Bees, and Their Relation to Flowers," illustrated by limelight views; by Mr. Crawford "Vaughan on " Land Values Taxation" ; also an elocutionary recital by Mr. Ed ward Reeves, had attracted large audiences. A lecturette on "Poems of Alfred Tennyson," papers on "Ghosts," " Chivalry," and " Elocution," a ladies' manuscript magazine, and discussions on the Government policy, plumping, and other subjects had been provided by resident members. The average atten dance of members during the twelve months under review has been the' best for many years, and the balance-sheet showed a credit balance of £12 13s. 3d. Report and balance-sheet were adopted, and the election of officers resulted as follows :—President, Mr. J. P. Swann; vice-president, Rev. R. J. Rose ; secre tary, Mr. J. Whitbread; treasurer, Mr. J. Hooper ; committee, the officers, with Misses Heddle, Raymond, and Richards ; musical committee, Misses I. Heddle, A. Swann, and Keyworth. Buy "The Herald," Id. only. 