HON. F. JACO SMITH, M.L.C. [antibillitb ] AN INTERESTING DISSERTATION. BUT A WET NIGHT. AND A SMALL ATTENDANCE. Monday night, in Molong Town Hall,/ the Honorable F Jago Smith, M.L C;, delivered an iuterestiug address upon federation, from an anti-billite's point of view. The night was j miserably cold and wet, which ciroumstance no doubt accounted for the small audience, there being about 40 adults present when Mr. Smith commenced, and that number dwindled away to a score before the end of the proceedings. There was an indisposition on the part of those present to take seats on the platform, notwithstanding that some were asked to do so. The May-r of Molong presided, and Dr. Ross, M L. A., occupied a seat at one end of the plat form, and Mr. W. H. Couch,' J-.P., 'wbs it the other end, behiud the reporters. The meeting was a model of orderliness; indeed, with the exception of a couple of inter jectory questions, asked by Mr. Morris, and a noise like a pistol shot, the speaker was absolutely undisturbed between the applause whioh crreeted him on rising, and that which marked the termination of his oration. This was oarrying the spirit of quietness rather to far; as every public speaker welcomes some applause, beoause it eucourages him to more impassioned flights ef oratory. The Mayor said he had much pleasure in in troducing the Honorable Jago Smith, who pro posed to .speak in opposition to the Convention Bill. It was uot necessary for him to say any I thiug about Mr. Smith, who was well known to I most of those in the hall, beyond that; he (was j speaking in his native town, and had spent the. I greatest part of his life in Molong ; and had ! always taken a lively interest in its welfare. Mr. Smith, on rising, was greeted with a warm round of applause. He said be had | known the Mayor since he was a boy, and was | glad he had done him the honor to oome here I to-night ; and it was an honor when a man left I a comfortable fireside and rode a long distance | to take the chair at a meeting, on suoh a night. I He (Mr. Smith) felt he had a right to oome to f Molong to speak upon this important subject. ] He had spent many years of his life here, and ' oould recolleot when, as a boy, he used to hunt for turkey eggs. He had always had a great affection for Molong and its people; and he had to thank the Mayor for coming out on such a night. He proposed to speak to them in op position to the Convention Bill. It was a greatN and important question, and one whioh was not easily understood by the average man ; and he thought it was the duty of those who had op j portunities of studying the subject, to give others less fortunate the benefit ef their expe rience. The question of federation; concerned us all, as upon it might largely depend our FUTURE PROSPERITY. As illustrating the difficulties whieh surround it, they had|;many prominent politicians (and others) and two big newspapers who treated the I movement for federation in totally different aud opposing terms, wnen tne question was so difficult to them, it was. scarcely likely that the general public oould properly understand it, for they were told one thing by one set of politi cians and something totally different by another set. Last year he had spoken in Moleng on this subjeot, and last year the two leading poli ticians were ranged oh different sides. But this year the two most prominent politicians — the big, fat, rolly-polly gentlemen— were both supporting the bill ; though one ; of ;them was bitterly opposed to it last year, and now he said . the BILL WAS ALTERED AND IMPROVED. But he (Mr.- Smith) oould not see that it was so materially altered for the better ai to warrant suoh a change of front. It was very difficult for the people' to understand unless they had . heard arguments upon it. in the House. Hehadheasd all the arguments for and. against the bill ? and ..thought it was his duty to give the people of Molong some of the benefits of his experience to the best of his ability. Hearing different speakers and reading the different papers tended to confuse them ; but those who were in parlia ment had had opportunities of understanding the bill much better than those out of it. Hav ing had suoh experience, was what induced him to oome before them They were aware that the original bill had been altered, but he did not think the public understood those altera tions. He believed that Federation would be a good thing for Australia, and the bill was one under which they could federate ; but only un fairly to New South Wales. The present scheme of federation was bad in ten Bpeoific res pects. , The parliament had insisted upon cer tain alterations in the bill, and Mr. Reid had gone to the Melbourne conference for the pur pose of having it amended. He took with him eight amendments. One of these he obtained. One of those provided for a simple majority in stead of the three-fifths majority, or that a joint sitting of both houses should be replaced by a national referendum ; two, that the 87th olause, known as Braddon's Blot should be removed ; three, referred to the federal oapital being in New South Wales ; four, insisted upon better provision being made agaiuat the alteration of the boundaries of a State — and this amendment was obtained ; five, dealt with the use of rivers for water conservation and irrigation ; six, asked for a uniform practice in respect to money bills ; seven, provided for appeals from the Supreme Cout;t to the Privy Council, or to the High Court ; and . the eighth oonoerned the financial clauses, and method of distributing the-surplus. . Well, only one of these amend- | ments was obtained, and of some of them no thing was heard after they were introduced. Proceeding, Mr. Smith maintained that there are only JOCK FEDERATIONS in the world that he had ever heard of— the Swiss, American, Canadian, and German, and these were divided into two classes. In two, the Seuate was composed of an equal number of Senators from each state, and the others it was a representative body. Switzerland was the oldest federation, and it was made up of a large number of small states, but they fought amongst themselve. All the oantons had equal reprepen tatlon. The American federation was a repub lic. The Canadian, federation most nearly ap proached our proposed form ; and its federation was brought about owing to difficulties which were constantly, occurring between, the Frenoh and English Canadians ; and they adopted an opposite form of federation to that whioh pre vailed in the United States. British Columbia didno oome into the Canadian federation until some time after it was. formed, and then two small states had to be knocked into one before it was. allowed to join. * Canada- had carefully avoided the scheme of federation adopted by the Uuited States; and must have had good reason for doing so. Equal representation in the Senate was hot suitable to ail Australian federation, because the resources of, the big states were so very different to those of the small ones, that difficulties must constantly arise under Such a system. But this bill want further, beoause it not only gave equal representation in the senate, but disproportionate representation in the House of Representatives. On the -'grounds that N.Sv W. should have 26 members in the. lower house West Australia and Tasmania should only have three, but they got five. The ' result was that three small states with 733,000 population would return 35 members of parlia ment while New South Wales, with 1,350,000 population would .return only 32 members. Tasmania only had a population of 177,000 and West Australia 108,000, yet between them they returned twenty-two members. Now, be put it, was it fair that two small states should ha\e so large a preponderance of representation in the two houses 1 This had an important bear ing on the FUTURE OF FEDERATION. Tasmania has about a tenth of the population . of New South Wales, but has an equal say as to what should be done with ' the funds of the federation. This olearly bIiowb that the form of the federation is faulty, and consequently objectionable. The oost of the soheme was also bad, for there was no provision provided for reducing any of the legislatures, the governors, ministers, judges, or any thing else. If any reduotion in any direction were to be made, it must be done by. the consent of both Houses ; and fas it at all: likely '^at 'he Houses would oonsant to their own reduction? He did not think so. Then, to make this view of the matter worse, a new set of officers, was to be appointed, and. an altogether new set of machin ery created. Cauada had made provision tor reducing its representatives : but had appealed to the Queen to determine the capital, and she had Beleoted Ottawa, whiohi was not one of the priaoipal aities. The power of the two Houses was another feature to which he (Mr. Smith) objected ; but be aia not see now ne could make this matter very olear; as it was a subjeot ao difficult to understand except by those who had had parliamentary experience. But he would try to make it olear to the best of his ability. The first thing necessary was that the House of Representatives must have the power to say ho w the MONEY WAS TO BE SPENT; but that house would not have this power if the proposed bill were passed. This was objection able. For all practical purposes the two houses had exaotly tha same power. [Mr. Smith read the olause bearing on this point.] They might regard it as rather dry matter, but it is most important ; and they must understand that the Senate can throw out any bill it does not approve. But the next olauie in the bill said the Senate may amend any bill sent to it. He , \ \ : could not see how this was to be worked out, and many 'far cleverer men than he had studied the subject with no better result. It appeared to him that if the Senate objected to a law, that practically amounted to amending it, as it would not pass it without the suggested amendment. If, however, the other house accepted the Senate's proposed amendment, then the bill iu question became law ; if not it was rejected. [Here Mr. Smith quoted from a speeoh by Sir Joseph Abbot, delivered in 1897]. Mr. Abbot could Bee no difference between the Senate amending the bill and suggesting amendments it had the power to enforce ; nor could he (Mr. Smith). His next objection was to the clauses dealing with DEADLOCKS. This had been amended by providing for a joint sitting of the two houses. That was an im provement to some extent on the original bill ; but even under it, it would take a loug time to reach a decision on any important question, un-. less it was commenced early iu the life of a par liament, and then there must be an absolute majority of the total number of the members of the Senate and the House of Representatives before the measure in . .question can be passed into law. [Mr. Smith read the amended clause 57 ] This showed the difficulties of the position whioh must be met, and theu there, were others; as, on every important questiou every technical point would be worked for all it was worth by the oppouents of the matter under consideration by the Houses. JUDICIAL APPEALS. Mr. Smith read olauses 73-74, whish deal with the jurisdiction of the High Court and Appeals to the Queen in Council. Although these mat ters did not conoern the people of country towns very much, they were nevertheless very important as part of the machinery of the State. The clauses were confusing, as nobody oould say positively whether a particular matter should be brought before the High Court, or sent to the Queen, iu Council. No lawyers he had spoken to about the subject were able to explain it. He thought an appeal to the Queen in Counoii should be made, beoause we h/id uo lawyers here like those who there dealt with Buch matters, and they were absolutely impar tial. He thought the provisions regarding the .High Court of Appeal shc/uld not have been in the bill. The FINANCIAL CLAUSES were most important; aud he hoped they would bear with him while he eudeavoured to explain them. He thought the finance committee's re port waB the most reliable document upon the cost of federation, as it had been most carefully prepared by able financiers. It seemed that everybody was now agreed that 3s 6d per heed of the population was a fair estimate of the oost of the new federation ; and it must be remem bered that th|s would be the charge on every individual in the country. Mr. Reid had said, it would'not fall on the women and ohildren ; but that waB wrong. The primary cost of feder ation to New South Wales was set down at. £232,000, and it did not matter whether it was regarded as a Jump sum which the colony would have to raise, or, whether it was stated as 3s 7d per head ; it amounted to the same thing in the end. Then there was the secondary, or irioi dentul oost. The;finauce committee estimated this would \Come through the oustoms, and it was fixed at between £1,260,000 and £1,480,000, or 18s lid per head of the population. This circumstanoe rose out of the Braddon Blot, under which, four times as muoh revenue must be raised as was required; There was no dis pute about these facts, and the whole of the taxation for Federal purposes must be raised through the customs and excise. Now the other colonies are already taxed to the full extent they oan stand, so no more CAN.BB PUT ON THEM, consequently more money must be raised in New South Wales than she requires, and this must go on for five years, at least — how much longer, no one can tell. If the amount so raised could be given' back to this colony it would be all right, but there was no certainty that it would, while everything pointed to the conclu sion that it would go to the necessitous States. Mr. Wise had suggested that the surplus could be devot&d; to reducing railway rates, providing old age pensions, and so forth. But these were only visionary ideas. The faot was that we don't want to raise this enormous sum of money, and if it remains in the Treasury there is no thing more certain than that it will be squan dered. Customs fall heaviest on the general maBS of the people — the poorest classes, not on the rioh ; and if this bill is acoepted the whole cost of the federation will fall on the people of New South Wales. It had been suggested in some quarters that if federation was such a good thing as the supporters of the bill, and people of the other colonies, aay it is, the other colonies ought to federate without N.S.W. But we , don't see them doing anything of the sort ; no attempt in such direction is made. And why? Simply because we of New South Wales muit 'pay the piper.' Clause 81 of the bill said that all revenues or moneys rafeed or reoeived by the Exeoutive Government of the Common wealth shall form one Consolidated Revenue Fund, to be appropriated for the purposes of the Commonwealth in the manner and subject to the charges and liabilities imposed by this Constitution ; and olause 94 provided that AFTER FIV3 YEARS from the imposition of uniform duties of cus toms, the Parliament may provide, on suoh basis as it deems fair, for the monthly payment to the several states of all surplus revenue of the Commonwealth. This plainly showed that although the money collected during the first five years of the federation's existence may be then distributed at the end of that period, after that five years the parliament need not give baok anythiag ; and he did not suppose it would, j The Hon John Henry, late Colonial Treasurer of Tasmania, aud one of the Federal Delegates, declared that the balance of power wouid ' be with the necessitous states; and Sir Phillip Fish, another of the Federal DelagateR, when asked — ' Would the New South WaleB Delegates sit in the Federal Parliament and submit to extra taxation ?' replied — 'Oh! they would be only 24 out of the whole federal representatives. There would be an immense voting to secure the solvency of the other states,' Clearly Sir' Phillip F?Bh was anticipating a deficiency. He (Mr. Smith) did not say that the representa tives of the small states would do anything wrong, but they said themselves that they would do so. New south Wales had not a ghost of *a chauce of fighting them now, but she might do better if QUEENSLAND CAME IN. Mr. Smith read the clauses referring to the rivers, and claimed that they were bad, as they gave the parliament authority over the rivers and railways, and the Inter-state Commission had power to stop irrigation. But the other colonies had no navigable rivers exoept these they derived from New South Wales. The rivers took their rise in this oolony, and yet the Inter-state Commission could stop ub using their waters. He did not think that clause should stop in the bill. Mr. Reid, last year, said it Bhotild not; but it is still there. ( A voice : ' Who pays interest on the railways?') Mr.. Smith: 'We do; and we shall have to admin ister them and get nothing for it.' Having read some of the clauses referring to the TERRITORIES, Mr. Smith proceeded to discuss the seat of Go vernment. This olause in the original bill had been amended, and he thought for the wofre. It now stated that— 'The seat of Government of the Commonwealth shall be determined by the Parliament and shall be within territory which shall have been granted to or acquired by the Commonwealth and shall be vested in and be long to the Commonwealth, and if N.S.W. be an original state shall be in that state and be distant not less than one hundred miles from Sydney. Such territory shall contain an area of not less than one hundred square miles, and suoh portion thereof as shall consist of Crown Lands shall be granted to the Commonwealth without any payment thiBrefor. If Victoria be an original state the Parliament shall sit at Melbourne until it meets at the seat of Govern ment.' He had no doubt the parliament would, if this bill were carried, sit at Melbourne, and aho that it would never leave Melbourne. Mr. Reid said it would ; but he did not believe him. He could not stand Mr. Reid now, al though they wera personal friends. And he could not stand Mr. Reid'a politics now ; there waB too much of the ' jurap-jim-crow' about him. in fairness to Mr. Reid, however, he (Mr. Smith) did hot believe he saw the full force of that concession he had made to Mel bourne about the oapital. 'Wherever the Par liament met, everything in connection with its business must be there also. The Ministers must be there, and the members, and all the officials, and all the voluminous correspondence aud dooUmentt;* People who were unfamiliar with parliamentary business could form no idea of the enormous quantity of material which accumulated in.connection with .it. He had no hesitation in saying that after a few years IT WOULD BE IMPOSSIBLE to change the seat of government It would not be possible to move the clerks, the papers, the safeB, the boqkB, &c; , up to a plaoe like Tumbar umba, for instance — and the capital oity must be in some out of the way plaoe like that. [Mr. Smith re-read the olause on this subject.} The. difficulties were insurmountable. In the first place, New South Wales had to Beleot the . site ; and the other colonies had to agree to it. And how long would it take to do that? Vic toria would insist upon having it as near her border as possible ; and would probably decide upon Albury. Parliamentary representatives would . be worried to death in coming and going to the place, and all sorts of objections would he raised, and it would take the Federal Par liament a long time to' agree to any plaoe. The Tasmanian and South Australian representatives would object to the capital being fixed away in the N.S. W. bush ; and our own members would not ,be anxious to leave the comforts and beautieB, and sooial advantages of Melbourne, to go away to Tumbarumba or Albury, or any other outside hole of a place. Then, when the site was selected, they must buy the land, and all the buildings would have to be ereoted— that alone would take a very long time; and mean time all the paraphernalia of parliament would be ACCUMULATING AT MELBOURNE \ bo that under all the circumstances of the base, he oould not see how anybody- would be anxious to leave Melbourne ; even our own representa tives would not agree to go into the bush, so there the oapital would remain for ever at Mel bburne. As an illustration of the improbability of the oapital being ever moved Mr. Smith read an extraot from the ' Encyclopaedia Britanniea,' which showed that there was a provision in the Argentine Constitution for the federal oapital to be moved from Buenos Ayres to t-ome other plaoe; but it had been there for forty years, and was likely to remain for ever. Personally, he was not very particular about the capital, but thought it should be in the capital oity of New South Wales, for she is the mother city, and N.S.W. would have to pay most of the ex- . penaea ; consequently she had an undoubted': ' right to the city. [A voice : ' What about Molong?'] Mr. Smith said Yes 1 he would like to see it in Molong if it were in any of the1 Bmall places in N.S.W., and then the MOLONG MARBLE could be used in the erection of the federal buildings. Mr. Smith then read the olause re lating to the amendment of the constitution, and alap planae 90 o! the Bill as piopoBod to bo amended, namely — ^During a period of ten *- yoarg affcer tho establishment of the Common wealth and thereafter until the Parliament otharwue providea, the Parliamant may grant fiuaooial assistance to any State on such terms audcondltiona aa the Parliament thinks fit.' Thir^nionded clause, was worse now, he con sidered^ than it was before. We aU kne*v very well that the^e would be no surplus. All the fundi would be raised in New South Walea,. and it was a gross injustice to her to provide: tKat her funds , should be given, to the other states, at the will of a parliament which wras dominated £y the ^liferd-up states. Any state which was in Buoh an' insolvent condition that it wanted assistance ahoiild not be allowed to come into the federation at all. The clause was a very unjust AnO,! and should not have been in the bill at all. Take the: case of Tas mania, for instance ; she will never be able to SUPPORT A POPULATION like the other stateci.; and the nature of all her . conditions placed hW in a totally different cate . (to ry to the other states. West Australia and South A uatrall* may grow and develope into ' impoi-taiiitM, but be could not see how. that was at a.11 possible with Tasmania. It was au anom aly to give Tasmania such representation as the bill provided. Referring to the amendments which the Premier had taken down to the con ference at Melbourne, Mr. Smith said' eight of them were thrown Overboard, and never heard of again. He did not object to secret confer ences ; but he objected to Mr. Reid'a action at this particular one. He went down there with clear instructions from our parliament to have ' certain clauses in the bill amended, and when he returned, he said they were altered ; but it turned out that they were not. And uow he has adopted ah exactly opposite line of conduct to that ;ht held twelve months «go. It might suit Mr. Reid to turn and twist about in this., /.. . manner, with the Premiership of Federated Australia dangling before him ; but he oould not expect other and. sensible people to believe in him or his actions. In conclusion, Mr. Smith wished to thank his hearers for coraiug : out on such a ni«ht, to listen to a subject of. which they were probalbiy getting 'tired. Per . sonally, he hated speaking in public, but it was the duty of every man' who thought .be under stood this important matter, to come forward and give the benefit of his knowledge ' to others who bad not the opportunity of studying ~ the question. 'For his own part; be would not lose : or gain by the bill any way,' but others might ; ? r- , . and he thought they would get' a 'better bill .if : . 'they waited ft few montbt, It was* quite . cer ... r .. . tain the other colonies COVLD NOT P«i-EKATB ':; ' r without New South Wales.! and that fact alone was sufficient to make our. colony insist on a fairer bill. One simple auiendirfent, providing for proportional 'representation in the Senate, - would induce nine-tenths of the people- of this colony to accept the till ; and i^en he wbuld -not havetnTposed it. As it was he believed it 1 would be'rejeoted at the poll oil. the 20th inst.. If not there would not be- a large majority \- e|ther way, and he believed it would be defea- ? ' ted' by a small majority -; and he Sincerely hoped _ so. He sincerely thanked them fur the very patient and attentive hearing- acoorded him. — Applause. I-r. Ross, M.L.A., proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Jago Smith, for the very able and inter . esting speech he had delivered upon this impor ? tant question. The Doctor commented upon the bill -for some time, and 'said it wSs a bad one, - and there were no solid arguments in its favour; so the Billites had ' to abuse . the Anti-biliites. He oould heartily congratulate Mr. Smith upon ; his excellent speech, and believed that if her delivered, it -elsewhere, he would be -the means ?of converting hundreds and, turning them against the iniquitous bill. He hoped they would give Mr. Smith a hearty vote of thanks. \- The Mayor briefly submitted .the motion, which was -carried by acclamation. ' ? v . Mr. Smith, in reply? said he hoped he had succeeded in making the matter quite clear to those present ; but he regretted there was not a larger attendance, though, perhaps, that could not be expected on suoh an unpleasant night. He could assure them it was a .great pleasure for him to come to Molong, where he had spent so mauy happy days ;, and ^ he most sincerely t ..thanked them all for their preiienae and atten tion. ' ' Mr. Smith concluded by proposing a vote of v - thanks to the Mayor for bis kindness in presid ing. This was carried by acclamation, and the meeting terminated. 