TBV "Ihle le true Ubertet wbea tmbora uee, . HftTiaf to Mlwlat w public, tyipwlr im.' ' SATURDAY, FKBRUAUY 11, 1800 THE CAPITAL QUESTION. The consideration of tho location of tho Fodcral capital and of many othor questions associated with this aspect of Federation has become so acute that further allusion to tho topic in tlie«s columns may bo pardoned, es pecially an it it) intended upon this occasion to dciil with general prin cipleH and not with Jocal or evoil national aspirations and ambitions. The lout resort of the anti-IAxicralutg is tho samo dovico which they havo always attempted to play and in tho ossortion of which tlioy have displayed the possession of unbridled imagina tion. Their dovious designs lend thorn to boliove, as 0110 of tlioir party has expressed it, that tho people of thu other colonies aro " thieves and wolves," in whom principles of com mon honor und honesty do not exist. Wo have frequently declared thnt if this sentiment of suspicion is to characterise the people of this colony in their Federal dealings with our neighbors and kinsmen to tho north arid the south and tho west it would bo far better that wo should bo honest and straightforward about tho rnattor uru! nay at once and for evor chat vo declino to cut- r into a union with communit us concerning whose fairness and honor wo entertain such doubts. The anti-Federalists throughout have been raisers of bogies They have erected a financial ghost, whose phantom form still haunts some of thein in Sydney. They have built up a bounty bogey, which has been dissipated into tho thin air of which it was manufactured. And now, clutch ing at it as a drowning man prover bially clings to a straw, they are endeavoring to raise another bogey concerning tho Federal capital. Thu understanding arrived at by the Premiers upon this point was clear and distinct Tho seat of the Federal Government is to bo determined by tho Federal Parliament, but it is to bo in Now South Wales, if this colony is ono of the original States of the Commonwealth. It i« to be " distant not less than 100 iniles from Sydney," and tho Federal territory is to contain not less than 100 square iniles. " If Victoria be an original State, tho Par liament shall meet in Melbourno until it moots at tho seat of government." The anti-Fedoralists assort that this agreement leavcH open tho door for avasion and indeed for tho dofoat of tho intention of the agreement,and that every possible device will be brought into action by tho Victorian inembors of tho Federal Parliament and the members for otbor southern colonies to so delay tho oroction of buildings at tho Federal capital that Melbourno will bo enabled to retain tho seat of government for a prolonged period. Tho preparation of tho Federal capital, when tho site is determined upon, for the reception and accommodation of Australia's legislators will naturally bo dependent upon tho voting by tho Fodoral Parliament o' the money re quired for the erection of tho neces sary buildings. Tho question of tho site may also, it is argued, bo procrastinated in such a manner as to afford Melbourne a lengthy reign as tho Fodoral city. Tlio importance in Mr. Iioid's esti mation of tlio co'""'"""'— ,"f„, t,1,u vyiuii to Now .South Vvules in indicated by a. remark made by him tlio othor duy. "W lint an awkward position I should have been placed in," ho said, "if tho othor colonics had conceded mo everything oxcopt tho capital!" That, tideed, would luivo boon n " euchroing !" But happily this huckstering Hpirit in confined to tlio anti-FodoralistH. It iH true that no limit timo has been specified within which tho Federal Parliament Hhull moot in its own pormanent con tra. It is practically impossible to fix any such date because it cannot bo forotold oxactly when tho Fedoral buildings shall bo ready to rcceiva the legislators ami otlicials Out tlio cloar intention of the Premiers' understand ing was that tho Fedoral Parliament as soon as practicable in its first session should determine upon what Bpot' in this colony tlio Federal city shall bo placed and thon to imme diately authoriso tho construction tlioro of the requisite buildings. To adopt any froceduro which would unduly prolong the sotting-up of tho Fedoral city in order to advantago the Victorian capital would bo so un fedoral and disloyal an act that it is to ho hopedjthe possibility of it exists only in tlio heated imagination of the provincialists. The honofit to Mel bourne of having the first sittings of tlio Fedoral Houses held there is no doubt considerably but tho arrange ment is purely a temporary ono, and wo decline to beliovo that Victorian statesmen will bo found guilty of "jookoying tricks." Sir Goorgo Turnor has doclarcd that ho is per ' fectly cortain tlio representatives of Victoria will not attempt to in any way block tho Fedoral Parliament in selecting the »ito for tlio capital in Now South Wales and Imvinc tho necessary buildings Greeted thereon nt an early period of Foderntion Suroly wo hivvo no reason to class tlie j>ooplo of thu otlior colonies as absolutely un trustworthy and dishonorable. The agreement is to have the capital in Now South Wales and it necessarily follows that no impediment iu to bo placed in tho way of thu speedy and complete pstablinhmcnt of tbo Auh trnlian capital. It may bo re marked, in passing, that tho wording of tho understanding oa to tho capital boing 100 miles distant from Sydney is somowhat indefinite. Is it meant that tho distance is to judged by rail way mileago or in a straight line? If tho latter is intended it may bo pointed out that Bathurst will bo just disqualified, while Goulburn will bo oligi' le, being just a few miles outside tho 100 miles " as tho crow flies." In tho building of tbo Federal capital an opportunity is opon to Aus tralia to construct a great and noblo city. Such an opportunity presented itself to tbo United States and also to Canada when Washington and Ottawa respectively wero chosen after tho temporary location of Congress at Philadelphia and of tho Dominion Parliament at Quo'ec and Montreal. Each of tlieso Federal cities is pic turesquo und architecturally completo. Similarly in Australia wo havo tbo opportunity for erecting a city of initguificonco and artistic beauty. We will iiu'i'd it Hot for to day but for all time, and, doubtless, we will build gi'inJiwlly .*uxf 'J*1 Federal city will commence its exis tonco with no such drawbacks as it would possess if either Sydney or Molbourno had boon solcctcd. Sydney has been hampered artistically by its old convict-l'uilt structures and its narrow, ill-planned streets. Mol bourno also, which, as Kipling tells us, was 14 Got ljctwocti greed of gold and dread of drouth," is handicapped by disadvantages of situation and an early rage for pre tentious but ofton hidoouB buildings. With the Federal city wo may start afresh and build a city, capable of expansion, but comprising within it ample area for the laying out of a great metropolis ill which the beauti ful in art, so sadly lacking in our Australian cities, may bo combined with natural advantoges and uti ity of design. 