Diocese of Port Augusta. CONFERENCE AND SYNOD AT PETERSBURG. A conference of the clergy of the Dio cese of Port Augusta, under the presi dency of the Right Rev. Dr. Maher, the Bishop, was held at St. Anacletus Pres bytery, Petersburg, on Tuesday afternoon, the 29th ult. The business was a practi cal discussion of the decrees of the Plenary Councils of Sydney of 1885 and 1895\. On Wednesday morning, 30th ult., the Bishop and clergy reassembled at 9.30 at the Presbytery, and, preceded by the altar attendants, went in proces sion to St. Anacletus' Church. On the way the hymn, "Veni Creator Spiritus" was sung, followed by the chanting of Psalms, 80, 83, and 86. The Bishop was then vested in the pontifical cope and mitre and other vestments proper to assist at the High Mass, coram episcopo. The deacons at the throne were the Very Rev. R. Doyle (Carrieton), and the Rev. S. Karlinger,JS.J. (Jamestown). The celebrant of the High Mass was the Very Rev. J. H. Norton, V.G. (Petersburg), and the Rev. A. Parsch, S.J. (George town), and Rev. T. O'Connor (Port Pirie), were the deacon and sub-deacon respec tively. The Rev. J. O'Mahony (Port Augusta) was the master of the cere monies. The choir of the church, wita Miss Brady as organist, and Mr. A. Malycha as director, sang Bordese's "Messe Solennelle" in a very devotional and pleasing manner. Miss Brady and Miss Gillespie interpreted the principal solo portions of the Mass. At the conclusion of the High Mass, at which, from the beginning of the day's ceremonies, a very large congrega tion of the faithful devoutly assisted, the \Bishop intoned the antiphon "Exaudi," which was followed by the chanting of the 68th Psalm, after which some other Eravers were solemnly recited by the ishop. The Litany of the Saints was then chanted by the Very Rev. J. H. Norton, V.G., and the Rev. A. Parsch, S.J., the Bishop and clergy being prostrate on bended knees before the altar, the faithful being in like attitude in their places. The litany ended, the Gospel from St. Luke ix., was solemnly sung by the deacon, Rev. A. Parsch, S.J., after which the Bishop, kneeling before the altar, intoned the hymn, "Veni Creator Spiritus," which was taken up by all the clergy and sung throughout, im ploring the Holy Ghost to bless and guide the deliberations of the Synod. The special business of Synod then be gan, . and was concluded with the epis copal blessing, in time to allow the clergy to return to their respective missions in the afternoon. Besides the rev. clergy already named, the following also took part in the Conference and Synod, viz.. the Revs. C. Haendl, S.J., A. Rristen, S.J. (Burra), E. A. Mulcahy (Hawker), W. Doyle (Port Pirie), P. Carroll (Pekina), and M. Ward (Petersburg). It should be mentioned that the decora tions of the altar and sanctuary, and the Bishop's throne were very tastefully executed by the good Sisters of St. Joseph, and reflected great credit on them. A good story is told by a gentleman who represented his county at cricket. On one occasion (he says) there was a remarkably close finish in a certain county match, and the victory of the home team was eventually brought about in a highly sensational manner. When the last man went to the crease, the batting: side wanted something like a dozen runs to' vein. Their chances certainly looked rosy when the newcomer cracked the first two balls" he received to the boundary. Be fore the next' ball was delivered a fielder, with inore pluck than dis cretion, took up'thfe position known as "silly mid-on.", The batsman made another furious lunge, and the ball, driven with fearful force, struck the rash fielder on, the top of the head, shot high in the air, and was secured by a long-ai*med individual in the long field. When "silly mid-on" re covered his wits ^the batsman was be moaning his luck. "Beastly luck," he was saying. "If it had been any other fielder, he would have missed it. Con found the fellow's long arms!" "Long arms, indeed!" growled the in jured fielder, rubbing the top of his head. "Long arms Jied nowt to do wi't. It wor my-thick head wot done it! Give a feller his due." 