On tlie Edge of Doom ' CHAPTER XXXI. ' SAVE JII5 FIIOM MYSELF 1' The conversation had been exciting enough, yet Mr. Wrsy whs bored. I ' Where is Ismay ?' be* asked shortly, ns ho finished hia very late breakfast. Mrs. Trelane shrugged ber shoulders. ' She's in bed. Sho told JesBie sho wasn't to be disturbed till she rang.' Wray's oyebrowB wont up. Truly these were airs in a girl who had been used to cooking hor own breakfast, ond beon glad to havo it to cook. ' I'll goto ber.' Mrs. Trelano rose quickly read ing his face anxiously. She had watched him open his letters, and she had seen annoyance in his face. . ' What do you want Ismay for P' Cristiane in quired coquettishly. Wray suppressed a bad word. All the previoua evening Cristiabo, whose successes had gono to her head, had fairly flung herself at his bead. She bad Bung to him, talked to him, hored him, till ho could have strangled her. Aud now Bhe was hammering the last tew nails into her coffin. ' I don't want her, especially,' he said coldly, TriBhing the little fool would hold her tongue. Cristiane. laughed. ' Do you know what I think ?' she aBked. ' I think you are in lovo with her.' Undor the toble be shut one hand hard. ' Do you P Why P' ' Ain't people in love whon they kneel down besides a girl and kiBs her, once, twice, twenty times ?' nodding her head knowingly at each number. Wray was for a moment taken back. So tho littlo fool had seen him ! Now she hnd begun to suspect ; the next thing she would begin to talk, perbapB to Cylmer; and if be carried out his schemes in would be with a light on thetn that would make them plain to the world. Cristiane had signed ber own death warrant. She wbb no longer innocent, but dangerous and in the way. To-night she should be no longer one nor the other. He looked at her with that frank gaze that always oloalied his worst deceits, ' When a man dare not ask for what he wants because it is bo far above him, do you blame him for taking — what ho can get?' His voice, full of hopeless longing, made the blood of triumph spring to bpr chnuks. Here again she would defeat Ismay 1 ' Yes,' alio Boid, her eyes on the tablecloth. ' You could havo — tried I You need not havo kissed her,' pettishly, ' beforo my very eyes.' ' Cristiane !' he was on hia feet at ber side, bis voice thrilling with simulated joy and passion ; 'you're angry because I kissed her P You caro P' She did not caro, beyond her vanity that was piqued, but she waB afraid to Bay so. Somehow the ' man dominated her till she sat an arrant coward. She trembled before his eyes that wero full of a passion that she thought was lovo ; she had no intuition to toll her that it waB hatred and the threat of death. ' I — 1 don't know 1' she stammered. ' You shall know I' ho retorted, knowing bettor than to plead with hor. His hand, softly brutal, waa under her ohin. ' Kisa me,' 'he ordered. 'Toll mo you lovo me.' Like a I Tightened child she repeated tho words, and he know sho lied as she spoks. He wbb right, she was dangerous; weak, obstinate, self-willed, with an utterly unbridled tongue. ' 'lfiss me,' he repeated, longing to choke her stead, and having nothing bnt distaste for her peach-like cheek, har parted lips. He was relieved that sho sprang away from him (and sho never dreamed that ho let her go). , From tho door sho looked back provokingly. 'Not now — pochapa to-night I' and Bhe wont off ngtag Mr*. Trelane heard her as, having been in a urry despite her hasty retreat, sho stood leisurely at iBtnay's door. Her Bhrewd ears aaugbb the oxoitod note in tbe girl's voice. 'He's been making love to hor,' aho thought Aflfcutnlv. ' M arena making love at this hour in tho morning I Can he mean to go that way for bis money after all P' She knocked, this time with oarnostncBB, at Ismay's looked door. It opened on tho inBtant. - Ismay, dressed as usual, stood inside, her eyes a little heavy, her faoo unuaturally fluBbod. Sho had got baok. by the early train, driving from.-tho station to tho gnto in a fly, moneyless no longer, thanks to DavidB, by oight o'cloolc had gained hor ' room uneoon by any ono, ninco tho servants woro ut breakfast, and. the roBt of the house awaiting till half-past oight should bring thoir tea and hot water, As tho girl bathed ond dressed herself ib almost eoomod to her that it was a dream, that sho could never have been in London and got baok again in those fow hours whilo tho house slopt. Only tbo instructions Bhu had from Davids told hor it was no dronm but loality. At thu sight of her mother, for tho first timo in all her life sho flung her arms round hor and kissed hor. Mrs. Trelane g»z*d at hor in stupefaction. ' What's tho matter P' sho drawled. ' Why do you groet me ns if I had been burled for yoars P l'llis isn't thu resurrection dny,' lenity smiled wickedly. It was more liko tho dny of judgment. to hor mind. 'What on onitl havo you boon shutting your self up forP' Mrs. Trelane inquired orossly. ' And why didn't you answer last night when thero was all that fuss P You must have hoard mo knookiucr.' 4 'What fuss P I told you long ago I wouldn't open m.v door at night. I was tirod, too. I wanted to rest.' 'You don't look ns if ropoeo had agroed with you,' said hor mothor noldly. 'Your faao is blading, and I don't see how you could rest with Oristinno saronming. Don't you want any bronk fast P' . ? ' l'vo had it,' shortly, curiosity overwhelming hor. ' What was alio aoroatning about P' 'That ghost of yours and Thomas's' oho began contemptuously, but hor face fell. 'It's too quoor to be nice in this big houso at night,' sho addod, closing tho door behind her and sitting down, ' 1 don't wonder tho girl soroamcd. I. wbb frightened to donth.' ' My ghost ouuldn'b havo frlghtonod you last nlght l' For hor lifo, Ismay oould nob help the retort, but aho was puz/.lod. ' What do you moanP' ..... 'Woll, tho ghoat, thou,' quite unoonaoloua of tbo Blgnifloimoo of tho girl's mannor. 'You woro ahufc up in horo, and I wont to bod oarly. Mnrouo ond'Orlstiano stayed downetiirs ? ' ' You loft thom together P' Iomay broko In with ronl dismay, forCriutiano had probably profited by tho opportunity to air Ismay's acquaintance with ^'T'mnob Providonco I' smartly i ' and, besides, I had nouralgia. Ab nil ovonts thoy sat up Into, | and whon thoy cotno upstairs thoy hoard that tnusiu. j Moroui/, of oourae, didn't know Oristinno had novur hoard about it, and he told hor Thomas'a nonsonso | About tho ghost.' I ' How did ho know about ifcf' 1 ' Oh, I told him 1 I wbb frightened one night myself, i Ismay,' her face changing, ' as sure as I see you this minute I heard those awful steps, coming closer and closer, till I wbb paralyzed with fear. And later on Marcus, went upstairs to Bee who was playing that piano, and bis candle went out the moment be entered the room.' ' I told you this wasn't a nice bouee at night. Hut go on, iVhat happened last nigbtP' ' Well, CriBtiane had hysterics — you must have beard her j declared her father couldn't rest in his grave, and what not. She nearly choked Marcus holding on round his neck, eo that ho couldn't go up and per. I couldn't stop ber, and up came Thomas, half dressed, and Jessie, and altogether we got Cristiane ts stop ber shrieking. ' Then Marcus ran upstairs, and Thamaa after him, begging him to let the room alone, There waa a curBe on it.' ' ' Well, did he P' with sudden interest. ' Thht's thu queer part. When he got up there the rloor ivns locked, and Thomas Baid he hadn't locked it. Marcus was going to break open the door, and I thought the old mm would have killed him. He said that bis dead master's orders wero that no one was to enter tlmt room, and ho was thens to see th.--m obeyed. Even Marcus had to give in to him.' ' Good for Thomas 1' the girl observed quietly, ' Waa the spirit playing nil this time P' ' No: it was quieter than tho grave. So Marcus Bhruggcd his shoulders — you know how he does — and wo came downstairs again. There wasn't another sound all night. But to-nigbt ho and Cristinne are going up to investigate after Thomas is in bed. They planned it at breakfast, and eho'B going to get o key. I don't know what Marcus is up to, for I don't tbink he believeB in ghosts. I suppose it will bo a good opportunity for flirtation, for lately I think he's made up his mind to marry her.' 'To-night, are they?' For some unknown reason Mies Trelane leaned back in ber chair and laughed, wrinkling up her eyes delioiously. 'Oh, I don't think he'll marry her,' she re marked. ' 'Xou forget ho means to marry me.' Mrs. Trelano flushed under her powder. ' How do you know P' she Eaid with sudden suspicion. ' If I don't know it's not for want of hearing,' tho retort remarkably misleading in its truth. ' Oh, mother, how I hato him ; don't you ? He bas been our ovil gonius ever since AbbotBford was murdered.' ' I bote him well enough,' sullenly ; ' but I don't want him to tell I took those diamonds. I could never, wincing, ' prove myseit innocent ot the other, if it camo out that it waB 1 took those.' ' And yet you are innocent. You haven't blood enough to sin — like that.'' ' Havo you P' aghast, for the cold, queer oyes on her were a thing to shudder at. ' I wouldn't murder; it's genorally bo .messy. But I could stand by if I hated a man and see him commit a murder, just bo that I might see him hanged for it. ' And so,' very deliberately, ' would you 1' For a now liaht bad broken into the girl's mind at Mrs. Trelane'a anger at tho terms Marcus and Cristiane wero on, and she wondered if it were not that very thought that had made her mother so apparently resigned to Wray's plana and iron band at first, so put out now that bo seemed to have changed them. ' Ismay, you know P' The wretched woman, whose cunning had failed her, orouched abjectly in ber oliair. ' I know nothing ; neither do you,' Ismay re joined sternly. ' But bo would — hang 1' Tho words came out slowly, separately, liko tbo blows of nhammer. / ' I couldn't see it,' tbe woman waa sobbing wildly, the girl's faoe set- liko a rock. _ 'Besides, he'd toll beforo be died— about the diamonds — it wouldn't bo safe. Ismay, Ismay, you're' stronger than I over was. For God's sake, save mo from myself I' And it was tho mother who bore her who was agonised at her daughter's feet, who prayed to her for belp ngainst herself. ' Save me from myself 1' the girl repeated mechanically. Was that her own prayer, too P Sho trembled, and did not know. Tho next inBtant she was kneeling by her mntlinr'n ohair. I ' Mother, don't look liko that ; don't Bpeak liko that,' she implored, and oven Miles Cylmer would not have known tho voico \yas bers. I did not mean it, I only said ifc from wiokodness.' | And all through tbab day that aeomod unending, Ismay Trolane, oating, drinking, talking, waB fight ing a battle hetwoen the good and evil in her soul. ?Desperately sho thrust aside all day tho importu nato cry that roBO in her mind, bidding her kneel down and cry it aloud with her lips. ' Save mo from mysolf 1' Fiercely sho tried to kill the best impulse of ber life, and harden her heart for the end. CriBtiane doad, could nover gob Cylmer back again, nnd Msroua Wray wbb doomed already. Not Medea herself oould have been more terrible tban tho girl who played her part in the prologuo to a tragedy all tbat uneventfnl day. (To be continued.) 