CHRIST CHUKCH. The Rev. A. Brain* M.A., on Sunday morning took for his text, lab Kings* 18th chapter, verses 42 to 45—4 So Elijah went up to the top of Carmel, and he casb himself down upon the earth, and put hie faoo between his knees ; and he said to his servant, go up now, look towards the seas. And he went up, and looked, and said, go again sevon time?. And ib came pass at the seventh time, that ho said, behold there ariaeth a little cloud out of the sea, like & man's hand. And there waa a great rain* The preacher said : There are stones in the Pyramids so large, that no engineer can tell how they were placed in position. It io a lost arc. And, surely, the veriest worlding can Geo that the Christian churoh of to^day has, to a largo extent, lost the power of prayer, which men, like Elijah, and tho ohurch uf the first century, possessed. Every soul that knows its own weakness longs to bo coupled oa to tho power of God, and to bo able to move the hand that moves the world. Lebus learn some leBSonsin the school of prayer from Elijah. I. Answers to prayer follow repentance* The rain had been with" held becausc the people had forsaken God, and served Baal. On Monnb Oarmel they had seen the fire fall from Heaven on Elijah's burnt sacrifice, and they fell on their faces and Bald, ' The Lord, he Is the G6d ; the Lord, ho is the God." If wo are living In sin, and refuse to follow Christ, we need not expect answers to prayer. II. Wa must believe that wo shall be answered; 4 VVlthoub faith It is impossible to please him ; for he thab coraeth to God musb be* lieve thab he, and thab Ho is a rewarder of thorn that diligently seek Him.1 (ETeb. 11th chapter, 6th vorne.) Wo are encouraged .to expect similar answors by Sb James, who quotes Elijah's example. 1 The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man araileth much. Elijah was a man of like paeBions *ith us, and ho prayed forvently thab II might not rain, and it rained nob on tho earth for three years and elx months. And ho prayed again, and tho heaven gave rain, and the earth brought forth her fruit.' 111\. We must make definite petitions. How definite are tho models of prayer in the Bible. Moaos prayed, 4 If thy presence go nou with me, carry us not up hence.4 Solo mon prayed, 4 Give thy servant an under standing he»r!i to judge thy people.' How joncifie nrn all the petitions In tho Lord's Prayer. IY. We must watch with p*ticnoe "or the answer, Elijah was nob abashed be muse the answer was delayed, bub senb his lorvanb seven times to look for it. Ho had ^o moro reason for rxpeotlng an nnswor han we have. God had told him thab He vould Bond rain, and iMijah believed, and )rayed and expected. Christ tells us to 4 seek irst His Kingdom and righteousness, and all hings needful will bo added *unto me.' Do ve believe, and obey, and expect ? Christ ibs said, 4 If yo them, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how moch raoro shall your Heavenly Fathor give tho Holy Spirit to thom thut ask Him !' Aro wo willing to bo * the tomplo of tho Holy Ghost,' and to be purified by Him from all Rin 1 Again, like EDjnh. we have bub te make q dofinite prayer for what God haa promised, and oxpocfc the annwer, all noces« eary temporal and spiritual blessings will bo givdn onto as. 