Will you vote for Mr. Dickson and his Q.H. Bank Party ? A coKttksi'ONnKNT writes :'. **Mr, Mac naniara, who is energetically carrying on the jpolitical campaign in the Alljert elec torate in the interest of the Constitutional Opposition, has, during the past week, ad dressed well-attended meetings at Logan Village, Jimljoomba, Vere«dal--, and Beau desert, He received a most attentive hear ing at each place, and has been assured of the warm support of the adherents of the progressive cause and the believer tj in honest government in the electorate, in which Labour principles hav-- widely spread since the last election. It is everywhere recognised that there is no show for a third — ? ^tidlda1^x»r-^ate»8^itteiH^« ^the Albeit There is no truth in the statement that IMunkett has the supjiort of the Lalwur l»arty.)S PX, wiutks from Lon^reach : '* A large and representative aie^ting of Mr. C, «. Fitzgerald's supporters ~ 'was. held in the tlnion Hall last night for the purpowe of securing his return at the next general election. A strong town committee was :?' formed to work in conjunction with the committee of the A.W.IT. Mr. Geo. Perlops was unanimously elected chairman, Mr. IS. Kmanuai vice-chairman. Mr. W. J. Gracie was appointed to act in conjunc tion with Mr. W, Kewley who is socretary and treasurer. The com uiittee are confi dent that the electors of the Miteholl are foing Ui return the. endorsed Labour candi ate with such a splendid ? majority that the black labour partv and their supporters will never -again -be foolish enough to try and wrest this seat from Labour. Mr. James MaggofHn is advertised to ad-lress the electors in the Town Hall here to morrow (Friday, February 3). It is the general opinion here that if he persists in going to the |X-11 the Consolidated Revenue will t# enriched to the extent of £20. There is a rumour here that Mr. Fvdkins is coming forward in the interest of cheap alien labour, the kanaka crowd, and plural voting, but he is only losing Urn** as the ejectors are just about full up of thtj party '. who are putting him forward.'' Anotheu candidate after Aubigny— Mr. \--? John O'Brien. It is generally understood that the general elections will take place early in March. Mh. Denis Keogh, M.L.A.. is .to.be. opposed for llowwood by Mr. .J. L. Frederich, of Marburg. Choss looks well being assisted in hin cam paign by Hoolan, who even now is thinking of runnmgas a Ministerial'candidate against Tom Givens for Cairns. Why doesn't Cross come out in his true rulor-s as u Ministerialiet ? Why bfat about the ImisIi? He h a candidate of the P.U., he attends Japanese free feeds, he won't be ixMind-by the decisions of the W.P.O. Convention, he ignores tlie local Labour organization, lie is supported by ?!. P.. Hoolan, wljo is a notorious rat from the ranks of Labor. What further j roofs are needed 'i—Kn-ih. In spite of t lie good advice tendered him Jimmy Rogers, the Mayor of Crovdon, \-- ? -\viH~l**rw!t~-ttt — tmtkiirg a pnli-Hettl— a-^s— nf- hiniself by announcing himself as an In ? HepMidtMit candidate for Parliament for Croydon against Lal-our Member Hilly Browne. Hogers hasn't the ghost of a hIjow^ Croydon will be true to Billy. AtvoHhiNr; to the Rockhaui|)ton Jin/fth'n, the big industrial disputes which took i)laee in Queensland were not in vain, listen: 'Botli sides have been taught that attempts to domineer to exercise des|K-tic power cannot succeed. The h'^ht for supremacy ended in reasonabl' and ser viceable conciliation a.nd i-oni'-es-ion-.' When one knows that the Tnion- were always willing t- » decide the veved (jues tions* either by conciliation or arbitration birfoTe tiie tifrhting commenced, it will be seen that they show up very good, when all has been said and done. Bella Clarke, female leper, dies at the lazaretto, Dunwich. Lindon Bates, the engineer when recently, at the request of the Government, -i n spoot ad- -t^e^torb-) WiT— ^nd^-ri vgre--'Of- ?Queensiaiidi-bf?ing---«^ijei4foHed-4n Adelaide as to the c-ist of lalwnir said7~''l'aken in the mass there is no such thing as dear or cheap labor. Labor is invariably worth what you pay for it, and the cheapest labor is usually the dearest in the end. An Americian or Australian workman is paid five or six times as a Russian workman, and his_ product is five- or .six times as great. High wages mean not only better-fed and housed man, and, -therefore, a better-develojMjd animal, they also mean a better-informed class of man, a reasoning worker who uses In's tools arid strength to the best advantage, and whose work is therefore not only more intense but more perfect and less in nead of supervisions.' Evidently Mr. Bates knows what he talk- d about. 