OLD TIME MEMORIES "ORION" HORNE AND DENIEHY. By G.B.B. Edmund Gosse's recollections of Horne in the "North American Review" for April serve to recall the memory of the poet to many people in Australia and therefore, I think, I may venture to con- tribute a reminiscence--which, perhaps, will not be the less interesting because it happens to be literary, rather than pain- fully personal. I was reminded by the article referred to of a certain sheet of stained and faded letter-paper in my pos- session, containing nine stanzas, under the title of "The Blue Mountain Exile," in Horne's handwriting. He sent it to me soon after the poem was written, and with it a page from the "Victorian," a Mel- bourne weekly, in which his friend Deniehy's latest contributions had ap- peared. That journal, I believe, was established by Sir Charles Gavan Duffy, who had invited Deniehy to take charge of it in 1862. Soon after his arrival in Melbourne from Sydney Deniehy made Horne's acquaintance, and literary sym- pathy quickly led to a close friendship be- tween them, lasting during the short period of two years or so that the critic remained. No two men could be better qualified to appreciate each other's powers; although each was essentially different from the other in point of natural gifts as well as in the range and extent of his attainments there was still perfect harmony of thought and feeling between them on most ques- tions connected with literature and art. "The lament of the Exile" seems to have been written at a time when the author was gold commissioner at one of the roughest outposts on the Victorian goldfields. It gives us a graphic descrip- tion of the dismal scenery, with a touching picture of his own miserable experience while residing there. The solitudes of the mountains evidently lay heavy on his heart. Probably, it was the same scene as that which he described in prose in the dedication of his "Prometheus," pub- lished in Melbourne in 1866. The drama was composed, he says, "in this savage solitude--this Blue Mountain of dark forests, rains, and hurricanes--(a region, nevertheless, which may some day suddenly become a wildly populous field of gold miners, without books, without any so- ciety, impressed at times with a sense of the precariousness of human life amidst horse accidents, the fall of massive trees, or the evil chances of dark nights in localities abounding in waterholes and deep mining shafts in unexpected places, always left quite unprotected. THE BLUE MOUNTAIN EXILE. From his hut he strays forth to gaze on the night-- The old starry story, with mists round the dome; And below 'tis a squalid and desolate sight; A hideous monotony--mud-gleams and gloom. Beyond sleeps the forest, all dark; and between Gold-diggings, deserted, like huge graveyards yawn (The Last Day long pass'd from poor earth's work'd out scene), From whose gaps both the soul and the body are gone. Back-gazing, he broods on his lonely retreat; The blue curtain'd lattice gleams faint o'er the swamp; No living thing waits there his footstep to greet; He will find a void cell and his time-waning lamp. His arms are grown hard with the swing of the axe, His palms dry and grained with the sap of the wood; His hair, once all waves, now wind-hackled flax, But he feels no change in his blood. The winds are gone down, the night hours are dead, Yet the silence so sad that it hints of no dawn; The Blue Mountain hurricanes sang round his head, Then left him in statue-trance, firm tho' forlorn. The black snake lies torpid beneath the dead log, Or creeps o'er the sludge to the mouldering dell, Where luminous fungi and leaden-gray frogs Each other confront--spell-bound, and a spell! By the cold water reptiles' humming quire The silence is magnetised--hark! the weird tune, A charr'd trunk appears--the black ghost of fire! Bogs, and frogs--the mist--and the moon. Wilt go mad?--yet not so; 'tis the unbalanced brain Can never o'erspan the full scope of its wrongs; He pursues his old way--can smile at's own pain, And at intervals chaunt his old songs. In this Hades of helplessness, think not he grieves, Or feels his strong soul-life one moment de- spond; He believes in himself, because he believes In the voice of a Spirit beyond! Blue Mountains, July 12, 1864. On the margin of the letter-paper the poet wrote-- "The last line but one was first written 'He believes in himself, and therefore be- lieves,' &c.; They both come to the same thing, but there is an important question of precedence. I sent this poem to Dickens by the last mail, and asked him, if he made use of it, to choose which of the words (be cause or therefore) he preferred. Let me know your choice." In one of Deniehy's ''Notes on Literature and Art," sent with the poem, there is a passage in which he pays tribute to the author of "Orion." Referring to Keats, and the great influence he had exercised over many poets in later times, he ob- served:-- It says a world for the originality and self-centred strength as a poet of our fel- low-colonist, Mr. Horne, that while tread- ing within that domain of Greek mytho- logy which was the 'main haunt' of Keats's song, the author of 'Orion' owes him no- thing as to treatment, or even expression. And in a footnote to the word "self- centred" the critic wrote:--"I owe this phrase to a simile in 'Orion,' to my mind one of the finest in poetry--'self-centred like a star!' " "Our fellow-colonist Mr. Horne"--what a melancholy gap of years these words suggest! And yet, I suppose, there are many still living in Melbourne who remember the two men of genius as their fellow- colonists in the sixties. Deniehy's Notes--"Penumbra" he called them--were witten in Melbourne in July, 1864, and in little more than a year after- wards he died in a hospital at Bathurst. Although his health was completely shat- tered when he went to Melbourne, his mind had lost little, if any, of its native brillancy, and his memory was as well stored and accurate as ever. We may easily imagine his fragile little figure flitting about the Public Library, peering up at the book-shelves and the pictures. Here is a trace of his visits to the latter:-- "The best picture, perhaps, in Victoria I saw some weeks since at the Public Library, offered, I understand, for sale to the proposed National Gallery committee. I know not if it was purchased for the pub- lic. It was the portrait of a lady, and attributed to Sir Joshua Reynolds. As to its being actually a work of that master, I shall say nothing. . . Its value consists in tone and colour; that something of a finer nature which art, when its hues are matured and ripened, gives to the real." In a few more such touches he gives his reasons for thinking that "a picture like this is worth (for educational purposes) a hundred of the best copies, even by skilled hands." It would be interesting to know whether his judgment was confirmed by the trustees. Australian landscapes and Australian pictures are discussed in another note, showing how closely he had studied their peculiarities, especially as to atmospheric effects:-- "The fault to be found with all the paint- ings of Australian landscapes I have hither- to seen is that they are too literal. I should, perhaps, make an exception in favour of one or two of M. Von Guerard's paintings, and of Marshall Claxton's gor- geous sketch, 'The Valley of the Weather- board Hut,' now with his other pictures in England." On the margin of this passage Horne wrote as a footnote to "Von Guerard":-- "Rather say M. Chevalier. Surely Van Guerard is far more literal than M. Cheva- lier, R.H.H." So little seems to be known nowadays about Deniehy or his work that I hope to be excused for seeking to revive his memory a little when an opportunity offers. To those who are not familiar with his methods of handling literary and artistic subjects, I would say--read De Quincey. Some who have read both might suppose that Deniehy had studiously modelled his style on that author's; but he was essen- tially original in thought and phrase, and there is nothing to justify even a suspicion of imitation. I might support this opinion by quoting a few lines from Horne's me- morial article, written when the news of his friend's death reached him. There is no exaggeration whatever in the description he gives of his extraordinary gifts:-- "Daniel Henry Deniehy, amongst all young men of Australian birth (and we might put the statement in a far wider form), was the brightest spirit, the most elaborate of readers, the largest of scope as to intellectual sympathies, one of the most varied in attainments with respect to a knowledge of the best and most re- cherche books in both the ancient and modern languages, the cryptic and archaic being to him as familiar as the merely ele- gant or evanescent; and this applies no less to the knowledge he had of pictures, architecture, sculpture, and articles of vertu. In addition to all this, he possessed a marvellous memory, and was gifted be- yond all other sons of the soil with a ready wit and genuine eloquence. These latter qualities, with him, were no mere clap- traps to serve for momentary effect; he had the thoughts that uplift, and the words that burn." My personal knowledge of him, unfor- tunately, did not begin until his return from Melbourne, when his old friend, W. B. Dalley, introduced us to each other. They had begun their public life a few years be- fore, under the patriotic inspiration of the new form of government, established in 1856, and each had instantly achieved suc- cess. Two more brilliant young men, cer- tainly, have not been seen since in Aus- tralian public life. The contrast they pre- sented, when I first saw them together, was in one respect dreadful. While one looked like a young Apollo, flushed with prosperity and success, the other was a mournful wreck, with no more hope of re- covery then Edgar Allan Poe in his last stage. In the course of our conversation I mentioned that I had shown his then famous satire, "How I Became Attorney- General of New Barataria" (which reached me when I was in England), to seve- ral friends in the Temple, and that they had all spoken highly of its merits as a literary performance. He was so pleased with this evidence of appre- ciation that he made it the topic of a letter to his wife, dated "October 7, 1864." The day before he presented me with a copy of the satire, in pamphlet form, inscribed "With the writer's regards, 6/10/64," and containing his marginal notes, explaining fictitious names and allusions in the dia- logue. It is not his best work; but it still remains the best political satire yet written in Australia. 