The Panorama of Politics. Dalrymple and Chataway are promised a sultry time of it in their electorate, ani the two are straining every nerve in the maddened effort to prove ihat white is black, or rather that the 'blue' record of the hydra-headed Ministry is something of a bright vermillion. Dalrymple, the seared and yellow, is a good example of the utterly conscienceless politician, with a special faculty for words. He is a kind of Minis terial hack who is at tunes put up to tide over an uncomfortable turn of eve! its by a mass of impudent and plausible sophistries, and as such he will be missed by his in capable colleagues when he has crossed the styx — or rather the Pioneer. As for Chataway, lie seems chiefly to l)e distin guished for an ever-in jrea«ing bulk of body, which in every way accords with the spirit of a department, in which pigs are an im portant factor, and- for a sleepy offensive ness and some exclamatory grunting when approached by country members, which serves to strengthen the illusion. The Satyr holies that dancing-doll Dalryinple will be forced to lose his sawdust and that some of Ghata way's over-fulness of blood may be rectified by the scalpel of the Mackay elector. What must have been a particularly painful episode for the putt'-and-biow politician from Toowong, was the publica tion by the Courier of the word ' Advt. ' after his five-column pearl of elfKjuenee the other day. The maddened man from Edward-street lias been uncloaked for once a»s the impudent advertiser, whose range of personal and petty vanity exteuds far Iwyond the booming of the latest style of ladies underwear, and extends to the very held upon which the laws of the colony are n:ad(i. This some what coarse soft-goods merchant lias been proved at last to be an audacious political charlatan who purchases his poli tical importance by the column and deludes th«- public into believing that his rise is attributable to industry and thrift. The query 1 projjounded last week : 'Who is Diekson's Literary Shadow,' leads up to another this week. Does this putting political importer person write hisownspeeches? The fulsome Finney {very ungrammatically) says he does. Mat Reid remarks that lie d'wsn't. The Satyr really doesn't know, but it jus( occurs to him that if one' can purchase newsuajier space, why not a speech '! People who have followed th-j elections are smiling jit the enthusiasm which our Painful Premier is said to have evoked at most of his meetings. I am new to politics, but if Dismal Dickson's meetings can be construed by even the most extreme stretch of imagination to have been anything of the nature partaking of enthusiasm, then I consider I have every reasonable chance of being received with the vildest acclaim when next 1 introduce myself to a political gathering. 1 Hckson's opening effort of the campaign was the most apathetically re ceived utterance (considering its im portance) that I have ever listened to. If in any of the other colonies a Premier had been heard on the commencement of his campaign with the fish-like silence with which the electors of Mulimba greeted their Parliamentary representative in the shape of Oily .lames, he would have been pre pared to have straightway turned up his political toes and yielded up the ghost. However, allowance must be made for the economy of applause which was instanced at the Premier's gathering. Who, I would ask, could get even reasonably excited over a Policy of Railways'' Who could enthuse over the bridge which will span Where you-wantit Creel; ?' — ~It is-souiething to be original in these _days, and Mat. Battersby— tlie lone, dis countenanced Matthew— has struck a new field in the conduct of elections. He scorns the public speech— in fact, he is more frequently speechless than usual, but in another and more refreshing way. He JiowiLver, steers his baTq4ie-diff«^tly-from — Ihatof the ordinary candidate. 'Poor old Mat.' his friends will regretfully remark to the trusting elector of the Moreton ; 'Poor old Mat., give him another chance ; he'll - do things differently next time. Mat. is a reformed man.' Meantime the parched Matthew is busily engaged in seeing six Tiistinct kinds of political scorpions. But even with the handicap of so great a redundancy of sight I fear M. Battersby's chances of pulling through. The member of Parliament who will cheerfully purchase half-a-pound of butter in Brisbane and carry it to Mrs. M 'Cramp in his electorate, who will fetch fresh fish for many iniles so that a constituent may have it tor teaTtss — ~ too valuable a representative to Jose', sight of in .such times as these. So I wouldn't be surprised iT~the butter and the finli scored a brilliant victory and continued to vote solidly with the Government. If tliore is a shred of political rectitude left in the Moreton it should show itself in the return of the endorsed Labour candidate, Mair. Of all varieties of political gladiators who are at present waging willing ^var in the arena of Queensland politics, the one which deserves to be laid for most vigorously and with the largest voting stick, is he who calls himself 'Independent.' The inde pendent is a politically backboneless crea ture -a political blubber of formless shape and unsatisfactory way. He lacks even the courage of the direct Government candi date who at least iHJSsesses ihe virility which enables him to defend his wooden idol with a desperate and panic-stricken energy. While being fearful of taking any of the resiwnsibilities of unpopularity which may «*escend upon him as the sup porter of either of the concrete political organisations, the Independent candidate pursues his compassless course clothed in theecolourles.s garments of his triije, and seeks the suffrages of all. Harmless as he is in judicial and impartial rule of candi date, however, as a representative of Un people he its a menace to Democracy. He has won his seat on his adaptable platform, but when elected his complaisance becomes changed to a brutal reactionary aggression wb Jen is ever prepared to grip the neck of Ifceform, and choke the life from it. The voters should hit this masked adventurer whenever he raises his head. He is the devil they don't know. Mr. Rol-ert Fraser is a gentleman who is contesting North Brisbane. He is also a gentleman with a parochial intellect. On Monday evening lie remarked in that de pressing way of his that one man one vote was a bogey ; that it was certain to come, and that when it came he was with it. This is very thoughtful of Mr. Fraser. He was with it— when it came. Also when Australian Federation is achieved Mr. Friizer will doubtless not be so uppish as to refuse it his patronage ; further, if Imperial Federation i* ever brought about Alderman R. Fraser may be trusted to help it along with a moral support ; likewise, when the Peace Conference of the Nation* have arrived at some satisfactory understanding ROBERT FRASER, ESQ., will possibly. if circumstances are otherwise favourabl', commend it to the universe in general. Rats! 'Bob' -may !*.? 'with one man one vote' when ic arrives— but it will not be a« a Parliamentarian. It is not surprising to hear thut .lack Hamilton and Jack An near are opposed to woman suffrage. Thk Satvk. Parnassus. To prevent j-eople saying that they favour any particular candidate, the returning officers should see that no Par liamentary candidate has an ottice or com mittee room in any building where th' polling takes place. Chunk of silly slobbering gusli from Mac Donald-Patterson's election talk in the Theatre Royal. Brisbane, on Friday night of last week : — ' While travelling about (in England) T was always most eourte-iuj-ly received' -in fact, to tell you a little joke. 1 was in one place understood to be -the 1 'rime of Wales. To tell you the truth. I was rather sorry that this mistake should have been made, because the men whom I came into contact with were not a I tit homely with in«\' No wonder people want a Republic, when a Prince is like the Mac patterson. 'A hit lift sirkenin' ? ? _ ? Dr. Points of the T-h-jr-t}ih thus advises the people of South Brisbane : — ' Brisbane South Election.— Electors will do well not to forget the little jxtlitical episode that took place October ltf, 1898. When 1-1 members of Parliament signed a round robin in favour of Pbilp lreing .Premier instead of Dickson. Electors had better ask Willie Stephens if he was not one of the leading spirits in this effort to place the Premiership in the hands of a northern man. Now he poses as a supporter of the Dicksou Government. The electors should not forget the other cockshy episode in Parliament, in which he played a prominent part. Electors had Ijetter beware of politi cal renegade.:?.' 