A HOISY GHOST. The following Btory is related by Miss Quarry, who knew the circumstances well : — A member of her family was ordained and became the curate of a rich and kind old Irish rector. Alter a montn's residence the curate called one day at the police Btation to ask that some patrolling should be done outside his dwelling, as runaway knocks annoyed the servant at night. ' All right, sir. I'll look after them boys,' ?waa tha cheerful response. Meeting the constableo a few days later, however, the curate reproached them. ' I really wish you would come our way sometimes at night,' he said. ' 'We are quite tormented. The annoyance goes on up to near mid night.' The sergeant stared. ' Why, sir,' he said, ' my men have been about every evening since and have ae6n no one.' The knocking was still kept up vigorously, but now changed its venue, as well as its oharacter. Four bedrooms opened off a small landing. Some frightened persons seemed to be within one or another of the rooms, usually within one occupied by the curate's sister and the young domestic, who refused to remain under recent circum stances if compelled to sleep alone. The knocking began now on the door with a tone as of one anxious to get out. The increased until the noise seemed created by an iron hammer vigorously used. On open ing the door no cause could ever be dis covered. Fifteen persons were assembled one night endeavoriDg to catch the ghost by systematic search, but all in vain. The disturbance would go on until 2 and 8 o'clock on some occasions. Soft foot steps were also heard pattering up and down the short, Bteep stairs, down which also tumbled at intervals cart-loads as of invisible coal or stones. Through it all the young curate and his sister endeavored to keep a bravo heart, even going so far as to held a service within the walb to exorcise the spirits, if spirits they W6re. He wrote to his predecessor in office and learned from him that the house had been so uncanny that it waB quito too much for him and his wife. They hod left the place as soon m possible. While this went on the old rector came dowa one day on a tour of in spection, certain that he could track the ghost. Ho could not, but advised the curate to make his Dieter change her bed room, as within her present apartment he had visited a former tenant dying a very terrible death. This advice was taken, aiid ~ undoubtedly when thie particular chamber was vacated the cliaiurbanceo abated, although the houoe was never aB other houses. 