NATURAJL.IST- AN ADVENTURE WITH ELEPHANTS. Elephant catching; has long been practised in the North-Eastern districts. The most suooessful man was Mr Sanderson, but a good deal of that was due to the system introduced by his predecessor, Mr Nuttall, and to his having acted on the advice of the late Captain Williamson, to oommenoe operations in the Girrow country, the old grounds having been over-hunted, aud also to his own great energy, and not interfering too much with his trained mahouts. I accompanied Mr Nuttall in one of his last hunts—his health was then broken down from repeated attacks of fever, which led, a year or so afterwards, to his death. But he Was most anxious to do hiB duty, and, knowing that I took great interest m everything connected with sport, he asked me to accompany him. I wanted him then to try the foot of the Gar-row hills, but his arrangements had already been made, and we went into one of his old beats in the Chittagong district. To catch elephants months of preparation are required. I oould not get away as soon as I expected, and it was only a few days before the final drive took place that I joined him. We were not very successful. In the first keddah only twenty-seven and in the second only nineteen elephants were caught, which soaroely paid for the expenses incurred ; but no blame could b9 attached to the superintendent, for both he and his head sergeant had been, and were still, off and on ill from malarial fever. The chief jemadar had died, the seoond bad been killed, whilst the third, who would have sucoeeded, had left the department and takea service with me some timn before; so as the heads of the department were not properly represented, the operations suffered. Elephant catching in keddahs has often been described, and, but for a curious circumstance which happened, I should not be now writing this article. TJ>e herd we had surrounded was a very large one, and after two days' constant trouble and watching by day and night, the greater part of the animaU had been driven into the re-entering angle of the keddah, when there was a great disturbance ahead, and the leading files halted and showed signs of breaking back. We found it was caused by a tiger, who bad got into the stockade and was endeavouring' to get back into the jnngle. Mr Nuttall was aroused from his sick bed, nd, looking very feeble, took command, and every available man and baast was pushed to the front to induce' the recalcitrant beasts to continue th c ir flight within the enclosure. They were driven forward onoe or twice, but rushed back in a panic on hearing the gutteral roar of the tiger, who was just inside the paling in a clump of long grass. I went some distance ahead and climbed up a tree that overlooked the interior, with the view of slaying Mr Stripes, but I could not get a glimpse of him. But he must have left his post to try if he could find another exit, and during this interval the roaring ceased, anc 1 we managed to get twenty- seven adult elephants, five tuskers, two machnas, fifteen well-grown females, and five threeparts grown youngsters, besides about four oalves, well inside. The brute just then roared agafn, and the herd inside right about faoed, and the people, fearing that it might escape, barred the entranoe rather prematurely, for some dozen more elephants were then close by, and might have entered. 'Die men on the lookout endeavoured to withdraw the bars, but just then a succession of roars caused a fearful panic, and all those not already entrapped forced their way back and escaped. Nuttall had to retire almost in an unconsoious state, and, as I was a stranger, I had no control over the keddah men, and neither my elephants nor jemadar were with me. Onoe a herd is entrapped, everything should be kept as quiet as possible. Fires are lit outside, and men armed with spears and blazing torohes stationed outside ; while the animals must not be irritated. But that confounded tiger would not be quiet, neither could he escape, so he kept them on the qui vive the whole night. If the captives are left in peace for a few hours they settle down and get reconciled to their fato. As soon as it was daybreak I asked Nuttall if I should go inside on a staunch elephant and endeavour to shoot the feline, but he thought it was better not to do so ; and now that it was'daylight, he thought the tiger would find a loophole and esoape. I was just retiring to my tent to bathe when there was a greater row than ever, and the jemadar begged me to come with him, and he would show me a tree whence I could pot the tiger —because, if he was allowed to disturb the herd much longer, he was sure they would rush at the barred entrance In a body and escape. I went at once and took up my position. I oould see a great commotion going on, but could not seen any portion of the tiger. The roaring of the beast and the trumpeting of the elephants were incessant the herd were gathered in a cluster, with their tails almost touching the stockade, endeavouring to get away as far as possible from a clump of grass. I was thinking of firing into the grass, when I saw a large tusker rush forward, and with a vigoreus kick with his forefoot, he sent a brindled mass flying, and, following up his opponent quiokly, he threw him well into the air. &.8 he fell the tusker got him between his legs and commenced to play football, kioking the struggling brute forward with his hind legs and back with his fore, and I knew all would soon be over. The tiger's roars degenerated into half roars, half growls, whioh w»re all but overpowered by the screams of the elephants, who in choruB created a din whioh oould be heard many miles off, and whioh were taken up and re-echoed by our tame elephants. This brought poor Nuttall off his siok bed; but the tragedy was all but finished. The tiger, with a dying effort, got hold of the elephant's foreleg just above the foot; the paohyderm gave one prolonged scream, then, shaking off the incubus, spun clear, and with lightning speed knelt on his opponent, who soon gave up the ghost. The enraged monster lifted him up and threw him towards the herd, who rushed forward, and in a few minntes kicked and trampled the tiger into the dirt, leaving no semblance of his ever having been the king of beasts. Even after it was evident that there was no life left in their foe, first one elephant and then another would run forward, and after administering a kick, quickly retire, giving utterance to his valedictory address. We doubled guards over the stockade for two days, and as the imprisoned beasts had had no water and but such fodder as we threw into them, thf>v were greatly subdued, and we had no difficulty in tethering; them one by one and leading them to a place where there was plenty of water and fodder. As we could not remove the skin of the tiger for nearly three days, it eventually spoilt; but when we got the body of the tiger out, it was wonderful to see what little damage had been done to the skin, thongh of course the body was most offensive. After being washed and pegged out, no one would have guessed what a violent death the beast had met, but the hair peeled off, and as a trophy the skin was useless. Our second venture was even less successful, and quite uneventful. Poor Nuttall soon afterwards died, exhausted by thirty years' residence { n this malarial and pestilential portion of our possessions—but after doing his duty like a man.—F. T. POLLOK. 