ROW OVER A CIGARETTE. The new boarder in the fourth floor front oonoluded that ehe would smoke a oigarette. Not that she eared at all for cigarettes. On the contrary, she disliked them. The smoke got in lier eyes and made the tears come, it got down her throat and strangled her, besides whioh the odour roermeatod her clothing arad stayed there. She was merely smoking thin oigarette to see whit would happen, This was what happened ; - Bridget, the chambermaid, coming into tho room to make the bed, promptly discerned the pernicious odour of that little cigarette. Then, Bpying stealthily around, she found the end of the cigarette reposing upon the corner of the mantelpiece. That was enough. She went about straightening the room in an ominous ailenoe. When her work was done she wont into tho fourth floor baok. * There do be ouriona things a-goin' on in tho next room to this, ma'am,' she Baid to the woman who sat by the window embroidering. 4 Curious things ! Faith, an' that's phwat I'm afther tellin' of ye.' ' What in the world do you moan, Bridget ? asked tho woman, sticking her needle straight into her thumb instead of into her embroidery. * What is it that's going on ?' . Bedad, it's the now boarder, ma'am.' Bridget went on in a.hoarse whisper. * It's she that's afther shmokin' a cigaroot in her room, and that's phwat's the matter. Faith, an' ain't it enough, ma'am ? A lady a-shmokm' of a cigaroot in her rooui J' The woman pushed Bridget aside and sped out of the room. She made ber way to the third floor iront. » Well, what is the matter?' »«ked tho third floor front, who wai busily engaged m washing ont her handkerchiefs and paatiug thom up against the window pane to dry. ' If you only know !' ' Tell tue, then, quiok. Han there been a row in tho house and I not in it ? If there hos it's tho first.* 4 Right you are. but it isn't a row this time. What do you sup- pose ls happening in this very house this very minute ? The new bmrder is smoking cigar» a foot long in her room upstairs-a foot long, those stogies. That is what you oall them, isn't it ? YOB. Stogies.' * What !' Boreamed tho third floor front. * It's tho gospol truth. Bridget told me.' The handkerchiefs all fell off the window- pane to the floor. The third floor front, leaving them there, ran to tho woman und «raspod her by the arm. ' Come,' she ex- claimed, ' lot's go and tell the third floor baok. If she finds out there is anything going on in this house that she don't know about sho will drop dead. We don't want a ftroeral.' Together they hastened to the third floor back. The oooupant of the room was comb- ing her book hair preparatory to doing it up in a Psyohe knot. ' What do you think is happening ?' they oried in one voioa. The ! the third floor baok took her hairpins oat of her mouth and looked around. ' I oan't imagine,'said bho. * WhatP' * Something awful,' they deolared, both talking together. ' The new boarder in the fourth front floor is smoking a pipe. Think of a young girl like that Bmoking a pipe in a house like this. iBu't it a sin and a shame P Isn't it dis- graceful P' ' Are you sure P' domandod the third floor baok. . Of oourse,' they asserted. * Bridget told it to the fourth floor baok. It's tho solemn truth. We give you our word of honour.' The third floor baok soattered her hairpins rooklossly over her dressing table. 4 We'll go and toll it to the second floor front,'Haid she. 'I'd just like to know what she thinks of it. A shame and a disgraoe I Well, I should think so. The girl ought to ba flked oat of tho house this very minute. That's what she should be !' She led the procession, hor hair streaming down her baok, to the second floor front. * The new boarder upstairs is smoking a pipe,'they said; ' Not only that, but she'B got cigarettes and oigara and cheroots all over the room everywhere, on the tables and bookcases and whatknora. Tho mantelpiece is full of thom. Sven the wall« axe festooned j with tobacco leaves brought from wherever j she cornea from and hung up instead of piotures.' When they had paused for breath the second floor front got in a word edge ways; ' That girl always did have a queer look to me,' she said, pressing her lips to- gether. 11 spotted her the minute I laid eyes on her, the very minute she put her foot in this house- I said then, '"We'll hear from her yet»' They were my very words. And now it has oome sooner than even I ex- pected. I know what I am going to do.' ' What ?' gasped the others. « I am going i to the landlady and have her put out. That I is what I am going to do. Smoking pipes in a decent house in a deoent neighbourhood!' ! The j hastened downstairs. On their way they encountered the oooupaDt of the baok i parlour, who appeared to be surprised to see . thom all together so early in the morning. ' Would you believe it,' said the second floor baok, * the new boarder upstairs is sitting in her room right this minute smoking a pipe, with oigars and tobacco and everything smokable under the sun around her ! The room is so thiok with tobaooo smoke that you could out it with a knife. Think of a young girl like that smoking. It wouldn't sur- prise me one bit if he was an opium fiend !' * That ia just it. She is an opium fiend,' i hey reiterated in an awed whisper. The baok parlour at last found sufficient strength to lift up her hands in holy horror. « An opium fiend in this house,' she groaned. . Well, she will not stay in it iong ; we will have her put out. She goes, bag and bag- gage, or we go. The landlady may pay her monoy and take her ohoioe.' The landlady waa quietly hemming nap- kins when they marohed into her. « Now,1 look here,' said the Beoond floor front, shak- ing a trembling forefinger in her faoe. 'We are all going to paok our trunks and leave this plaoo it double quick time unless yon fire that new boarder on the fourth floor.' ' Why, what has she done ?' demanded the landlady. ' She is up in her room now, sitting oross-legged in tho middle of the room, dressed in Turkish trousers, smoking a pipe.' ' My land ?' exclaimed the land- lady. « Is that true ?' 4 Certain of it. Tell her to go, or we go.' ' Of course, if it is so, Bhe must go,' sighed xho landlady. She laid aside her work and went upstairs, followed by the others, and she knocked at the new boarder's door. ' Come in,' Baid the now boarder. The landlady went in and looked around. There was not the ghost of a nargileh, not a single opium fume, and if the girl had been dressed in Turkish trousers she had the ability of a lightning chango artist to costume herself while you wait. She rose and politely requested the landlady to be seated. Tho landlady took a ohair and sat down. She beamed upon the new boarder. ' lt is a nico morning ?' . It is,* replied the new boarder. * How do you like your room ?' asked the landlady. ' Very muon indeed,' said the girl. . That rug in fzont of the dressing table looks a little bit frayed,' said tho landlady. Adding a few unimportant romarkn, she rose to go. . Won't you stay a little longer ?' asked the new boarder. ' No, thank you. I just came iu to seo how you were getting along. Good morning," said the landlady. * Good morning,' said tho now boarder, and when the door hud closed upon her she listened a moment to the excited explanation going on - in whispers ouUide, then, walking to the window, stood there smiling all to herself. She had not been born the day before. She knew exactly what had happened. 