THE CHILDREN. UNCLE HARRY'S LETTER No. CCLXXXIV. Monday, December IS. My dear Nieces and Nephews— a I premised to write you a "Ghrisfcmaseir tetter, but dear me! it is not such an easy a thing to do. So much has been and is being thought and said and written about Christmas that it seems weK-nigh impossibfie to suggest anything that ehali have the charm of novelty. Yet, after all, the essential chann oi Christmas is not its novelty—mot its newness—-bat its "oldness." We love to speak a of "OM Father Christmas," and to picture him as a white-haired pa-triarch of most benevolent aspect. We rather reSemit that (so-called) "up-to-date" representation of Christmas as a gay and by no means overdressed damsel carpeting along on a bicycle. Shade of dhnrles Dickens! How would the immortal pen that described so vividly tfae Ghosts of Christmas Past and Christmas Present have protested against this fin-desiede presentment of rtihose worthies! Weal, well, well—"the times change, and we change with them," it is true; but I, for one, fervently hope that we may Jiever lose our fondness" for wihat has been aptly called a '"Dickensy" Christmas—even in- these southern lands, where Ithe climatic conditions are so widelv different from those that pertain to the dear old Motherland at this eventful season. I wonder how many of my youthful readers comprehend the meaning of that •hrase I have just used—a "Dickensy" Jhristmas. Of course, if you are well acquainted with, his boo&s; (and particularly with "A Christmas Carol") you will readily underetand what is meant by the phrase. But my object in specially referring to it now is just to point out tihait it has two meanings—a lower and a higher. 1S»e lower one rrfers to the "creature comforts" form stidh an important part of Qbnistmastide festivities—£he roast goose and apple sauce, the plum pudding and mince xiies, and the sacssque&t; merrymakings. All these have their proper time and place, no doubt; and no one entered more fully into the enjoyment of them than he who has written about them so incomparably well. The higher meaning of the phrase has reference to ''the spirit of Christmas," which the great writer so eloquently and forcefully alluded to in those ever-memorable words uttered by old Scrooge's nephew in "A Christmas Carol": —"I have always thought of Christmastime when it 'has come around—apart from the veneration due to its sacred name and origin {if anything belonging to it can be apart from that)—as a good time; a kind, forgiving, charitaiWe, pleasant time; tie only time I know of, in tihe long calendar of the year, when men and women seem by one consent to open their shut-up hearts freely, and to think of people below them as if they really were fellow-passengers to the grave, and not another race of creatures bound on other journeys." • Yes, if we read the great author aright, if we look beneath the surface of his writings, we shall find that this is not only the higher meaning of a ""Dickensy" Christmas —it is the truer one; the one that will last long after the other is forgotten. For we know that a greater writer still has said— "The things which are seen are temporal, but the things which are not seen are eternal." My concluding word to you, then, my dear Nieces and Nephews, is just this—try to make this Christmas-time one of PUKE enjoyment; not that which comes merely from a well-laden table, or a well- filled purse, or well-stocked hours of amusement, but the enjoyment that comes from thinking of.others, from helping others, and from ministering to the happiness of others. This is the last Christmas-time old "eighteen hundred" will know. Shall we not, therefore, do our utmost to make it the BEST? There is one, and only one, way in which that can be done. The Great Founder of Christianity—He Whose birth is about to be celebrated in almost every nook and corner of this big-little world—said of Himself that He came "not to be ministered unto, but to minister." And when we strive in that way to follow in His steps, we shall be doing the best and the most to spend a right merry and a truly joyful Christmas. "SUNBEAM" MESSAGES. Herc^s a message from the "Sunbeams" Of this Eunny Southern clime, To the hearts that know and love us, At this joyous Christmas-time— You who have helped and cheered us, In all ve have tried to do— Accept this as a token Of our gratitude to you Here's a message from the "Sunbeams" Of this sunny Southern clime, To all who are sad and lonely, At this joyous Christmas-lime— You who are needing comfort, And you who are lacking friends, Accept "the loving sympathy That every "Sujibeajn" sends. Here's a message from the "Sunbeams" Of this sunny Southern clime, To those who ire sick and suiTring At this joyous Christmas-time— You who are "doomed to journey In company with pain," Accept our heartfelt wishes For your health and strength again. Here's a message from the "Sunbeams" Of this sunny Southern clime. To "our boys" in far-off Africa At this joyous Christmas-time— You who arc fighung bravely For those who are in distress— Accept our fervent wishes For your safely and success. Here's a menage from the "Sunbeams" Of tllis sunny' Southern clime. To London's cold and hungry waifs At tliis joyous Christmas-time— You -rlio are faint with hunger And shiVring in clothes so few— Accept and enjoy the Binner Provided by "Sunbeams" true. Here's a message from the "Sunbeams" Of this eunny Southern clime, To all who care to receive it At this joyous Christmas-time— May you have a liappy season Of unalloyed good cheer. And may iLs cir>wi behold the dawn Of a prosperous New Year 1 