THE SERMON. THE BEATITUDE FOR THE MOURNER. BY THE REV. J. R. MILLKll, D.D.* "Blessed are they that mourn, for tlicy shall be comforted."-Matthew v. 4. The house of sorrow is a strange place to look for joy. Mourners are the last people the world would call blessed or happy. Men in their quest for happiness would not think of looking for it in the shadows of grief. Yet Jesus said, "Blessed are they that mourn." There are many who mourn. Few are the homes in-which there is not some grief. Not all sorrows hang crape on the door or wear a badge of grief. There are secret troubles, and tears arp'shed where no eye. sees them fall. MOURNERS. Does Jesus mean thet all - who mourn ( are blessed? No; there are sorf-bWs which yield no peaceable fruits .of righteousness. There are those who stlfl'er and- are not blessed. He means that the state of .mourn*' ing is .one in which Divine blessing may be received, rather than in a state of tearless ness. The deepest happiness is not that which has never suffered, but that which has passed through the experience of sor row and has been comforted. The hap piest home is not one whicji has never known grief, but one whose songs of glad ness have in them a minor strain. There is a story of a German baron who made a great .Aeolian harp by stretching wires from tower to tower of his castle. When the harp was, ready, he listened for the music, but it was in the calm of sum mer, and in the still oir, the wires hung silent. 'Autumn qame, "with its gentle breezes, and there were faint whispers of song. At length, the winter winds swept over the castle, and now the harp answered in majestic music. Such a harp is the human heart. It does not yield its noblest music in the summer days of joy, but in the winter of trial. The sweetest songs .'of earth have been sung in sorrow. The richest things in character have been reached through pain. Even of Jesus we read that He was made perfect through suffering. This does not mean that there were evils in His nature which had to be expelled by the heat of trial, that there was dross in the gold of His being which only the fire could re- j move. The meaning iB that there were ele ments even in His sinless humanity which could be brought to full ripeness only through pain.. There is given us in the Apocalypse a glimpBC of tlie heavenly life in which this same truth is revealed. It was in a vision of the redeemed, singing their praises to God. Among them were some who ap peared to have special glory-a great multi tude which no man could number, gathered out of all nations, standing in the place of honour before the throne, wearing white robes and carrying palms in their hands. When the question was asked, "Who are these highly-favoured bnes, and whence came they?" the answer-was, "These are they which came out of great tribulation." This joyous multitude came from homes of sorrow. They were the suffering ones on «arth who had passed through a baptism of team. In heaven thejf wear the white robes, stand nearest to the throne, and bear the emblems of the completest vie toriousnesa. How strikingly thiB Tision interprets the beatitude: "Blessed are they that monrn?" Earth regards euffenng as a misfortune. The world pities tho&iT; who are called to endure sorrow. The condition of mourn: ing is one from which men shrink. But in the Kingdom of JJeaven those are the favoured ones who are called to suffer. In stead of being the unfortun&te;, they are the blessed. : V The. same teachuiff rtms through all the New1 Testament. Affliction is not a mark of the Divine disfavour, but a token of the Divine love. "Whon* the Lord loveth He chasteneth." Instead-of being hurtful to the.-lifie, working ;haro ^Mid marring, trial promotes the deansmgoi the heart and ,the enrichment of- the character. "No i chastening for the present seemeth to be I joyous, but grievous; nevertheless, after ward it yieldeth the peaceable fruit of righteousness." ' I ! ' , ? COMFORT. Hie secret of this : strange teaching is revealed in the secondpart of the beati tude. Why are they wfio mourn blessed? It is because they snail be comforted. It is not in the mouniing that the blessedness lies/ but in the coMort "jvhich comes to . those who mourn* Sowow in itself j ate to periences cafabe npthingelw butharfljatifl; bitter. It is only in their fruits that the blessingcomes. The Divine, comfort is such a revealing of love ana good that it is worth while to mourn in order to receive it. It is a blessing, too, which we never can have until we have entered the experience of sor r°W; We should never know of the glory of the stars if the sun did not go down; but it would be a sore loss to us if we were to live our three-score-and-ten years in this world without ever seeing the wonder of the starry skies. It is a blessing to have the night come that we may see the splen dour of the heavens. We should never know God's marvellous comfort if we never had sorrow. "Blessed are they that mourn, for they shall be comforted, means that it iB well worth our while to be a mourner, with sad heart, in .order to have such revealing. So rich a blessing is there in this heavenly comfort that it were nothing less than a misfortune to go through life without receiving it. There is an old tradition which tells of the experience of our first parent at the setting of the sun, on the day of his crea tion. As he watched the glorious orb sink toward the horizon, it seemed to hiin that only calamity could coine to the earth, and the canopy t>f light and blue, when the sun had disappeared. With dread and terror he waited for the coming of the darkness. But, lo! not distress and desolation, but new and marvellous revealing, followed. "Creation widened in ntan'8 view. Who could hare thought such darkness lay | concealed Witliin thy beanie, O Sun! or who could find, Whilst fly and leaf and insect stood revealed, ' That to such counllcbs orbs they made us blind!" So we dread sorrow. As we see it coining-for example, as we watch the ap proach of death to some dearly-loved one whose life has been the very sun of our existence-it seems to us that the darkness coming upon us can bring only utter deso lation and unrelieved gloom; that nothing I of joy and beauty will be left to us when the light of human love has gone. But when at last our friend has passed away, and we find ourselves wrapped in the night of sorrow, lo! a glory of Divine comfort stands forth revealed in the darkness! What Christian mourner has uot been amazed in the experiences of his grief at finding such wonderful new things in the Bible? He had read the precious words over and over a thousand times during his days of happiness, but he had never seen these wonderful Divine comforts in them before. The truth is, he could not see them while human joy flooded his life. They lay concealcd within the brightness of earthly light, and could be revealed ouly in darkness. Blessed are they that mourn, for thus, and thus only, could they ever know God's special grace of comfort. BLESSING. What is this comfort which it is so blessed a thing to know? Few words are more generally misunderstood than this >vprd comfort. Many of us think Ave are cotnforting people when we 50 and sit down befcide them in the time ot their trouble, anH in our own measure enter witli them 'into their experiences, going over the sad details of their grief, yet saying not one up lifting word. But that is not God's way of comforting His sorrowing children. The word comfort means to give strength. When Jesus was passing through the agony of Gethsemane, the Father comforted Him by sending an angel to strengthen Him. The "cup might not pass, but tfife sufferer's heart was cheered by the angel's ministry, so that He was enabled to drink it even gladly. That is the way God would comfort ail His children in their sorrow. He may not spare them the grief, because there is bless ing in it, either for themselves or for others; but if they must drink the cup, He would strengthen tliein for it. In one of the Psalms there is a word -which is full of rich suggestion. We are bidden to cast our burden upon the Lord. In tlie margin, however, is the word gift, as another read ing-"Cast they gift upon the Lord." So our burden is God's gift to us. This is true, whatever the burden may be-duty, sorrow, pain, loss, care. Being God's gift, there must be a blessing in it-something good- something we could not miss with out sore loss. It may be a blessing for our selves or it may be for others. In the gar den it was the blessing of the wrold's re demption, which was in the cup that was pressed to the lips of the holy sufferer. In everv case our burden is God's gift, and it would not be a kindness to us if He were to lift it away. But there is more of the promise. We are to cast our burden upon the Lord, and He will sustain us. That is, He will give us strength to carry our load, to endure our suffering. The story of St. Paul's thorn in the flesh illustrates this. The torturing burden was not removed, but, instead, there came grace sufficient-the strength of Christ-to balance the human weakness, so that St. Paul was enabled to rejoice in his infirmities, becausc of the blessing which came to him through them. This, then, is a jwrt of the blessing which comes to those who mourn-they receive the strength of God to sustain them in their sorrow. The burden may not be lightened, but it is really an answer to the heart's cry for help if new strength be given. Then the sufferer is enabled to sing -the sorrow is changed into joy. There is blessing, also, in the fruits of Borrow in the life of those who abide in Christ. There is no doubt that suffering waite at the gateway to all the higher and better things of spiritual experience and attainment. We must through much tribu lation enter the Kingdom of Heaven. There is a baptism of fire-a baptism of pain-that is necessary in connection with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Even .Testis Christ Teceived this twofold baptism. Thbugb He wets a son, yet learned He obe dience by the things He suffered. Much more is it jjfecessary for us" if we would reach the uplands of X3od to go through the way of pain. Thero tnnst be i£ purifying In the fire if we would be cleansed. of our sinfulness ;and we muBt burn-the oil of of our life must be consumed-if we would *bThere ittwlfcfewe* trtuchf Wei cannot attain if we cannot accept and en dure suffering.-Tliere are jo^w^iclr ma come to ub only thrttigk aofrrow.1 are reveaUttpil^ne taith Mb'Wi can get only wto& latfth'B lights We «o&|> out. There nre litev#ta 'which iRn gro#* only after the_ bk»iwhidiare has done I$r 