[?] On this occasion, however, there I woro no gardeners about, unci, after a swift glance round him in every direction, ho dived down into the darkness beneath tho trees a id I pulled out li is big bunch of keys. i Tt was some timo before ho found ono to fit ; and somo time also be- ) foro, when he had done so, he could succeed in turning tho key in the lock. But lie did at last. The door, once released from its l,nr,,k- f,.ll l^ck- wi'Mi :i sudden inrk. and a rush of foul air poured forth from the opening which .sent Jack staggering back. ' By Jove ! it's a good job I came liero to-day,' ho said, ' If T'd done this adventure to-night, and carried it right through, I should have .stood a chance of being suffocated right away. I'll leave this door ajar till night timo. No one's likely to como prowling round this way to night.' He waited awhile until the ?underground room was to somo ex tent relieved of its gaseous atmos phere. Then ho entered and peered round him. What ho found was nothing but a collar-like apartment, but at the end was another door readied by two steps. This was open, and on swinging it back on its rusty hinge', he saw that from it a wide staircase as cended. Everything above, however, was in uttor, impenetrable darkness, and satisfied to let matters remain at present as they woro ho quitted tho spot, leaving tlio door just ajar, and made his way towards the liouso. Even if ho had had lights ho would not pursued his advonturo at that hour. He had not lost all tho romance of his early youth. Night seemed the proper time for unravolling the mystery of the West Wing. Dinner over, Jack Foatherstone made an excuse to retire early to his room. He had, ho said, ' most important letters to write.' It was observed by Miriam with great su prise, and by Sir Hubert with tho most sublime indifference, that Lady Ella also excused herself. ' Well, wo have tho rest of the evening to ourselves,' said the baronet, as lie drew his chair nearer that of Miriam. ' I have nothing to tako me to bed at this early hour. Will you givo me a little music?' Ho placed his hot hand upon liors, trembling to hear her answer. Sho withdrew hers quickly. ' Yes, I will sing you a song or two,' she said, 'and then I must go to bed too. I don't feel well. All this morbid solitudo is killing me, and making 1110 old before my time. I shall bo grateful when the people do como to tho house party, that I may see now faces, hear new voices, and forget it all for a time.' ' All ? even mc V he said, in his low, seductive voice. '? Yes,' sho cried passionatelj', ' would it not bo better for both if yon forgot and I forgot ! Whither are wo drifting? Only to misery and ruin. Oh, I wish I wero stronger, more of a woman, that I could fight against it all, and escape to a brighter and freer world !' This was Miriam's mistake — tho mistake of a young girl loving too strongly — trusting too blindly. She allowed him to see her in most thoughts. Sir Hubert's heart bounded with exultation as ho crossed to where sho had (lung herself on a couch, and knelt by her side. Such a con fession of lovo must be true coming from her in such a mood. This scene was quito tho reverse of what Miriam desired. Her mind was full of contending emotions, and among them the one which surprised her most was the pang, of jealous doubt which had thrilled* through her heart when she found that both Ella and Jack had | ' ' excused themsolvos and retired - directly aftor dinner. But her master was by her side, the master in whoso hands when ; alone sho was as pliablo as wax. He passed ono arm round her waist, and with his right hand he toyed with her golden hair ; d raw ing her close to his heart, and press ing fond lassos 011 her lips. It was useless for her to strive then against what seemed inevitable. Sho kissed liiin back : her eyes mot his in ono look of unuttorable love : thon for a moment sho sank upon his breast. His lovo at this moment was too great for words. And yot, though his heart was beating so wildly, ho was full of the most supreme content, to think that the ono whom ho loved with such deadly earnestness, — with a lovo moro cruol than death itself — had yielded to his persuasions oneo more, and was satisfied to be there on his heart. His content did not last long, however. Miriam had the stronger head of tho two. Or was it bccause the love which possessed her was but a glamour, which a glimpse of the real world would dissipate, perhaps, for over? At any rate sho was tho first to recogniso tho peril of tho situation. At any moment tho servants might knock at tho door; or Jack might return (lie had not said he was going to bed), and to bo found by any one confused and flushed was far worse than being discovered lying on her lover's breast Sho raised her head and gently pushed him back. ' Lot mo go now, Hubert,' she said, ' 1 don't want to run tho risk of being found thus. And anyone can see us from the terraco window. Let it bo sufficient for you that I love you and have said so ; although the words ought to havo scorched my tongue. I will go now, and play for you ; stop hero on the couch.' He kissed her rapturously, though regretfully, on the lips, and she sho broke away from him, excited, unhappy, half hysterical with the conflict of her emotions. If this was lovo and its pain, what crueller pain could hate hold for anyone? Soon the room was full of sweet music, tho beautiful voice of Miriam pouring out the heart-thrilling rhythm of — ' Douglas, Douglas, tonilor and true ' And meanwhile what was going 011 elsewhere iu tho house? How was cruel fate playing into their hands ? Full of his boyish spirit of ad venture, Jack Featlierstono, as soon as he escaped from the dining-room, slipped unperceived down the stairs and out into the grounds. Ho was prepared for all emer gencies. In tho first place ho had a lan tern, and also a small Roman lamp, with which to examine tho pictures Then in a double sonso, I10 was provided with pocket pistols. Ho had in the first place a flask of brand}'. In tho second place lie had a tiny revolver, for he know of old what tricks were played by so-called ghosts in untenanted and mysteri ous ' wings ' of old houses. Ho was glad enough very soon that he had taken the first pistol ; though in his wildest dreams I10 would never havo imagined why I10 would want it. He lit the lantern as soon as ho reached the little postern. No one was about. Thero was not the remotest chanco of discovery. And if there were, thero could be 110 harm dono, for was he not the cousin of tho master of the Grange, and had ho not a right as next heir to investigate the mysteries of the place as I10 pleased ? , However, no such contretemps , happened. Tho lantorn was soon illumining 1 tho denso darkness of the under cellar, and opening the staircase 1 door, iron-bound and studded with big-headed nails. But it yielded almost to a touch, and fell back with a crash which reverberated through the old house and sent the dust up from tho floor in clouds. A wondrous sight met his eyes ; a scene which seemed taken from real ghostdom, and he closed his lantorn that he might see better tho woird nature of everything around him. Ho stood in a huge hall, the polished surface of which had long been hidden by tho dust of years. Around the walls wero trophies of tho chase and dim old pictures, and suits of armour standing rusty now on their broad pedestals. From tho very centre of the hall roso a wide, shallow staircase lead ing to a great corridor, so dark that it could scarcely bo seen whether it was a passage or a piece of black wall. Thero were four high windows, hung with draperies, which fell in ragged folds like the worn-out flags of old battlo-fields. Through the murky panes, from which the blinds had long since rotted and fallen, . the moonlight was streaming in, making great bars of radianco across tho hall, amid which danced a million spark ling particles of dust. The mailed figures looked dim and spectral in the weird gleaming of tho moon. Tho whole place, from painted ceiling to dust laden floor, seemed as if it had belonged to centuries ago. It was a weird and uncanny picture of tho past ! It required somo pluck to remain there among tho utter silence. But Jack had moro than that to do ; and there was no idea in his mind of drawing baek. Ho had to advance up those wide stairs, where human feet seemed never to havo trodden for hundreds of years, to pass along that ghostly corridor and penetrate to tho picture gallery. Jack Featlierstono was a brave man and had faced many a scene of peril. But he could not help confessing to a ' creepy-crawly ' feeling as ho stood in this strange old hall, where tho dust-ladon atmosphere seemed thick with tho phantoms of a bye gone day. But with ono last look at tho antlered heads, the dim pictures, the empty coats of mail, tho curtains mouldy and falling with age ho turned 011 the light of his lantern aud the shadows changed at once and deepened. Tlie whole aspect of the place was altored and as I10 advanced up the wide staircase he seemed to leave everything behind him in heavy darkness. He found on reaching tho top that he was at the entrance of a wido corridor, but a very short one, for a little way ahead of him was a largo doorway. This had a most formidable ap pearance, but it proved to havo no fastening of any kind and yielded at once to a strong push. He was at the end of his advon turo (as ho imagined) long lieforo lie had anticipated. Ho was already in the picturo gallery. As he glanced in, what a strange sight met his gaze. Tho gallery was of considerable length and along it ran a number of windows through each of which came ghostly belts of moonlight, running as in the hall be ow, through myriads of dusty particles, whirling in never ceasing gyrations. The light of his lantern seemed to bo a long time searching out the far off corners of tho long corridor, but it was not very wido, and as I10 ad vanced it was possiblo for him to note its appearance on both sides. On both hung pictures of all shapes and sizes, encrusted with dust, with frames mildewed with age. Portraits of ancestors grim and handsome, beautiful women smiling at him from tho old-world memo ries, landscapes, battle scenes of priceless worth, all given over to ; the destroying hand of time. 1 1 ' My cousin must be mad,' he t thought, ' to leave all these trea- j sures to go to rack and ruin. It j strikes mo that as noxt of kin I 1 could stop this wholesale destruc- ] tion of property.' Ho took a walk first down tho sido of tho gallery whero tlio win dows looked out upon tho grounds. Tho he passed along tho side 1 which adjoined the East Wing. Hero suddenly he camo upon a portrait which rivetted his atten tion. 1 It was that of a lady, for whoso likeness Miriam might have sat. i Sho was perhaps a trifle older than her living counterpart ; but she was her image in every feature, in tho turn of the neck, tho grace ful curves of tho shoulders, the pose ] of tho head and figure. 1 'Who can that bo?' thought J ach, ' I never heard that Miriam ; was any relation of tho Danvers family.' , Thero was a seat just opposite this picture, aud he sat down before it. He was scarcely settled in his mind about Miriam, and here, par liaps, in view of their representa- ' tive of some dead and gone Alton, I10 could collect his thoughts. Gazing up into tho saintly face on the canvas, lie could not bring himself to beliove that in the heart of tho living girl thero was really any tendency to wrong. That she was going towards it headlong I10 did not for one momont doubt. But it was under undue influence. She was not a free agent. At tho time when her emotions were awakened, tho only man of culture and refinement with whom she had come in contact was Sir Hubert Danvers, who had coaxed and caressed and petted her since sho was a child. Naturally her instinct had made her cling to him, and then as she grew towards womanhood, almost alone with him, she could not shake off the trammels of the love so art fully imposed upon her. Could sho not be reclaimed ? Sho was such a lovable child. In her heart of hearts there must be a fountain of purity ; and, why should I10 not be the one to awaken her better instincts, to teach her what love was, and ? What was that ? A strange clinking noise, quito closo to him. He listened in a kind of awe, even then never dreaming that his fate was advancing towards him, to enclose him still more firmly in the network of circumstances. The noiso, slight as it was, seemed to como from tlio direction of tlie picturo opposite him. Glancing, therefore, naturally towards it, he saw a slight move ment in tho canvas, a kind of shudder which shook the painted form of the Miriam of hundreds of years ago. Then tho frame began to move and aftor this movement the whole picture had swung back, revealing a dark opening in the centre of which stood a figure, which kept him spell-bound in amazement. Lady Ella was attired only in her robe do mitt, unfastened and falling loosely at the bosom, which was gently heaving now in the regular pulsations of a sleeper. Sho glanced before her with eyes steadfast in slumber, and then, ad vancing, sat down with a deep sigh 011 tho seat beside him. The touch of her foot on a certain board caused tho picture to revolve back into its place. They wero alone in tho picturo gallery. Jack felt a strange wild throbbing at his heart. As I10 glanced at his companion I10 could see the gleam of her white shoulders ; lior red lips were parted and moving in voicoloss speech ; her lovely features more lovely still in their intense pallor. As a man of chivalrous honor ho ought no doubt to have left her noiselessly and fetched Sir Hubert. But we aro not dealing with tho cnights of old, but with an upto lato hero of real flesh and blood. Ho had never been in such a position as this before, and his :ieart throbbed wildly as ho heard lior at last murmur : v ' Jack, dear Jack !' Could he beliove his ears ? Did sho call on him by name ? or was it someone else owning the same title ? Ho took her hand. As ho did so he felt a thrill pass through her frame (lie was very closo to her). ' Ella,' he said, ' aro you speak ing of me ? Can I be of any service to you ?' She was asleep. Thero was no doubt about that. Her lustreless eyes and listless movements proved that beyond doubt. But his voice penetrated the lieavy curtains of slumber. Sho gazed round with unseeing orbs, and again the lips formed the words : 'Jack, Jack ; dear Jack !'. He passed his arm round her waist, and drew her toward him gently so as not to disturb her from her sloop, and thon, bending, ho placed his lips 011 hers, so deftly that not a sign of reawakening came from tho beautiful woman whoso soul was still wandering in tho mysterious realms of dreamland, whilo her form, warm and instinct with life, was in the arms of a man, who was less guilty than hopelessly enthralled. What a kiss that was 1 Culled in the weird moonlight of that old picture gallery by a man whose sense of honour was dulled by love, from tho lips of one who was but a living statue. As she lay on his breast, un responsive yot unresisting, a mad lovo for her sprang up in his breast. Ho could well afford now to for give Miriam for her lovo for Sit Hubert. Was she as guilt y as ho, who knowing the world, was permitting his own cousin's wife to remain ii such a perilous position under lie husband's roof ?' Ho knew he was wrong, he knev that he must stop the scene short or danger might grow into reality and the line might be passed wliic could never be recrossed. j And yet, so sweet was the fa j cina^ion of those silent kisses, so e; j quisite the charm of tho situation i that he was powerless to resist tli j temptation. i (To be Continued.) j 