LEXICOGRAPHY. THE LATEST TRIUMPH. WEBSTER'S DICTIONARY. QUITE UP TO DATE. By DR LEEPEB. Webster's Dictionary has r bow been known to the Englisli-speakmg world for seventy years. Those years Iiavfe been a time of unexampled progress in every department , of research. In none has there been more* striking improvement than in lexicography., The portly "International," which is now becoming a familiar- object in many Melbourne households, presents the same kind of contrast to the original Webster as. say, the newest r. and 0. liner to Captain Cook's Endeavour. Webster has passed through many editions since it was-first brought out by subscription in 1828. Each edition has marked an important stage in bringing the work to that degree of perfection which has now been attained. The year 1S59 witnessed a notable development in lexicography, Webster then appeared for the first time with pictorial illustrations. This new feature, due to American inventiveness, has now been adopted in almost all the larger English dictionaries. Webster has gone on gaining steadily in size, utility, and accuracy. The additions to our language within the last seventy years, owing to the growth of the arts and sciences, have been prodigious, but Webster's drag-net has eaught and seized the new terms almost as soon as born. •We find in i(s pages 'such recent creations as appendicitis, criminology, gripman. hexateuch, , Pasteurize, megalomania, radiograph, and that, ugly word of Transatlantic origin, electrocute. How completely the aim of lexicography has altered within this century! Johnson and Ms immediate successors beld that technical and scientific terms had no claim to a place in a lexicon for general readers; but science lias so dominated the life, the thought, and the literature of to-day. that only a simpleton would attempt to make or sell a dictionary which excluded technical terms. Indeed it is for these that nowadays we make most frequent, resort to our dictionaries. A huge advance has been made within those seventy years in tlie department of etymology. The dictionary first appeared just five years before Bopp published bis epoch-making comparative grammar. Till then comparative philology was in its infancy. Perhaps it would be truer to say that it was not even born. In those earlier days Voltaire's sarcastic principle of derivation, that "the vowels; count for nothing and the consonants for very little," was practically, if not avowedly, accepted by scholars. But etymology can now almost be reckoned among the exact sciences. One of the first principles impressed to-day upon the young student of linguistics is thai to a phonetic law there can be no exception. The etymology of the new Webster keeps pace with the times. It has been most ably treated by distinguished experts in philology, including Professor Whitney, of Harvard, and Professor Fiek, of CrOttingen. No feature in a dictionary is more Important than exactness of explanation; but, as Dr Johnson complains, there Is a peculiar difficulty in interpreting language by itself. No word precisely expresses the idea of another, and simple ideas often defy definition. Grimm's great German dictionary sometimes resorts to the "use of Latin and other languages than German in striving after more accurate definition. Webster's definitions of words belonging to the various sciences have been prepared by eminent experts, and are models cf terseness aud lucidity combined. Many of the definitions given in dictionaries, and even in standard treatises, by specialists in philosophy and science are much worse than useless. What could be more fantastically bewildering than Herbert Spencer's definition of life? "Life is the defiuite combination of heterogeneous changes, both simultaneous and successive. in correspondence with external co-oxisiei-ces and sequences." This is, indeed, to define "ignotum per ignotius. r - Mueli more intelligible and "busiutss-like' is Webster's definition, "The potential principle or forc-e by which the organs of animals and plaints are started and continued in the performance of their several and co-operative functions." In the selection of literary authorities for tiic various uses of each word, Webster is entirely satisfactory. The illustrative quotations are necessarily less numerous than In the larger dictionaries, such as the "Encyclopaedic," and ''Century." and "Richardson;" but they are adequate in number and admirably chosen. w A dictionary absolutely free from error may be pronounced an impossibility; but it is perhaps net too much to say that all that human skill and care could do to ensure correcuiess has been done in Webster. To -test the care with which revision lias been carried out in this latest edition, suppose we take some technical terms of English sport. Cricket is not an American game, and some little '"weakness in the field" of cricket would not have been surprising, in an American book. The slips in which we catch (to keep the language of a criekety flavour) the earlier editions of Webster would seem comical to a Melbourne schoolboy. "-Leg," for example, was explained as "to strike in the leg; used in cricket." Wicket-keeper, again, was defined as "the "player in cricket who stands with a bat to protect the wicket from the ball." Longstop would hardly have recognised himself under the description of "one who is to stop balls sent a long distance." I hasten to reassure the Melbourne reader. All these terms have in the new Webster'definitions which would satisy "Felix" or "Old Cricketer" himself. ^Errors like those instanced seem all the funnier, perhaps, because conscious jocularity seldom makes its. way nowadays into a dictionary. The modern scientific spirit would not tolerate such a thing. Webster will not yield many jests. Of course this is quite as it should be, although the only thing in Johnson's dictionary that the world now remembers is its sarcasms. They have become a part of literature, and will be always relished. Everyone knows bow Johnson defined oats as the food of horses in England and of men in Scotland. Less familiar, perhaps, is Dr.Guthrie's witty retort, that this explained the superiority of the horses in England and of the men in Scotland. Equally well known is John* son's definition of "excise^" and also the stir which it caused. Mr Murray (later Lord Mansfield), when consulted about It, wrote: "t am of opinion that it is a libel," and the doctor omitted the more offensive words from his next edition, under threat of prosecution. In the same edition, curiously enough, lie inserted under the word '"alias" something still more personally offensive, giving as an Illustration "Mallet alias Malloch," an unkind sarcasm on a certain Mr Mallet, who bad thus changed Ms name some years before. The famous "Patent Pocket Dictionary" of James and Horace Smith is the only dictionary that ever seriously set itself to be funny. Witness its definition of "bait," as "one ahimal iinpaled upon a hook in order to torture a second^ for tne amusement of a third," and "capers" as "a, remedy for boiled mutton and low spirits," and the suggestive cross-headings, snch as "Beer, Small— See Water," dr "Blind, the^See Notii- tag?.'*. Whoi would experfr.anytliing deliberately Jocosje In. a "Greek lexicon? Yet the.oft-quoted Joke in Kddeil and Scott, in Which, under the word "sukoplianteS,'' the derivation from ^'showing figs" is dismissed by .the editors as "a mere figraentjT;* w-ould seem to have been inten tionaL. as the word "figment" was substituted fpr "invention," which appeared in the earlier editions.: .Some years ago, wliensending the late Dean Liddell a list of coi^g^acla in the sixth edition of the Lexigoh,"^ drew life attention to the Sand In .the seventh edition It disappeared.' I have sinee felt a slight touch of remorse for having been the possible jeau&e; of extinguishing the solitary ray. of. ku-, mour which illumined those isombre pages. ; ' . The copiousness of Webster is marvellous. It was the general opinion of scholars of the time that Webster's first edition was as great an improvement upon Johnson for fulness of vocabulary as Johnson had been 'upon aU AvhO preCeded him. Webster's first edition contained more than 12,000 words not to be found in any similar work. Some thousands of words were added to the second edition, and in the issue of 18C4 the editor could boast that the vocabulary consisted of upwards of 114,000 words. How vast a range over literature, and oyer the arts and sciences this implies may be partly apprehended when we remember that the ordinary vocabulary of the man in the street consists of about 1000 words, and that the whole vocabulary of Shakespeare does not exceed 10,000. I do not find in the present edition any precise statement of the number of words contained; bat, reckoning the average for each column, with the number of pages, I should say that there cannot be far short of 140,000 separate words. The book, of course, does not aim at being a Thesaurus or a "Lexicon totius Anglicitatis." That place can only be filled bv Dr Murray's great work, which, when -completed, will be the greatest attempit at dictionary-making the world has yet seen, unless possibly we except Grimm's German dictionary, still unfinished, though begun five years before Dr Murray's; or that portentous work the great Dictionary of China, an English translation of which, it is estimated, would fill 140 octavo volumes of a thousand pages each. But Dr Murray's Historical English Dictionary will, when complete, occupy about ten massive volumes,and will cost from L25 to L30. It will be many years, also, before it reaches its goal. There are scarcely four volumes yet finished, although it has already been mak- ing its majestic pi-ogress for more than forty years, with about a thousand experts to help it along. It is clearly therefore a work only for the library or the scholar's study. For the ordinary citizen, indeed for the ordinary student, for the office, for the Judge's Bench, for the journalist, Webster meets and more than meets all requirements. Of necessity, some choice had to be exercised, and a number of words had to be omitted, which might properly find a place in the many-volumed lexicons. Every word, however, which is sanctioned - by the use of standard English writers is duly registered in Webster. It does not profess to be an exhaustive vocabulary of slang, and it omits many words which have nothing more to justify their existence than an occasional occurrence in obscure authors of a remote period, or which are due to a passing whim of a writer, and have taken no real hold upon the language. For instance, that uncouth word "Disestablishmentarianism," said to be the longest in the language, very properly receives no consideration ;from Webster, though it has been tolerated in a high-class English review. What are known as "ghost-words" have been rightly weeded out. even though they have been recognised in Johnson, and dutifully reproduced In later dictionaries. Ghost-words, perhaps it should be explained. are spurious words, generally originating in bad spelling or printer's errors. Ghost words are numerous in the old English dictionaries and glossaries. Even in Ric-hardsdn some of these unlicensed intruders have found a footing. Former editions of Webster had harboured some of these words. "Phantonmation" held its ground long, and was defined as "an appearance as of a phantom: Pope (obsolete and rare)." This curious formation was really due to the whim of an eccentric grammarian, who, in a work published some eighty years ago, treated as one the two separate words "phantom nations," "which • occur together in a line of Pope's Odyssey. "To, all the phantom nations of the dead." "Phantomnation" is now excluded from Webster; but it stands unblushing in such recent dictionaries as the Encyclopaedic and the new edition of the Imperial. The fact that the book has an American origin may prepare some people- for eccentric spelling; but their apprehensions would be groundless. When American differs from English usage, the two forms are generally placed side by side; but the extravagances of American phonetic spellers find no recognition. The sensitive reader need have no fear • of being confronted with atrocities like "ar" for "are," or "cum" for "come," which make certain Trans-Atlantic publications, such as the proceedings of the American Philological Society, the most irritating printed matter that I know. In the. difficult matter of pronunciation,on which there is necessarily so much difference of opinion, "Webster will be found to be generally in agreement with the usage ot the mpst cultivated English speech. Thernew issue is furnished with an Australasian supplement. The best features .of "this are a dictionary of Australasian words,^compiled and edited by a gentleman well-known in Melbourne, Mr "Joshua Lake, who has done his work admirably well, and has chosen the illustrative quotations with great judgment; and a very complete Australian Gazetteer by Mr F. J. Bromfield. The paper, binding and type leave nothing to be desired. Everything that American ingenuity could do to serve the convenience of the reader and to aid rapid reference has been done. Nothing can surpass the cleverness of the mechanical contrivance for the quick turning over of the pages. Beyond controversy, it is for the beauty and number cf its illustrations, for copiousness, for accuracy, for lucidity of definition, the best one-volume English lexicon that has yet been produced; That is not all. It is much more than a lexicon. With its ample gazetteer, its biographical dictionary, its register of all the notable persons and places in fiction, and its many other valuable lists and vocabularies of uames, it has grown into'a great .encyclopaedic treasury of general knowledge, a compendious library in itself, a sort of universal oracle. 