IDA'S SWANS. t "The most tiresome creatures in ,;the world are other people's swans," said Angela. "Of course it Is the other people who make them tiresome. In themselves they are often quite harmless. I should not like to be someone else's swan. The position draws attention to your short comings." "My cousin Ida, the one who lives in t Germany, has just been over here. She brought a swan with her. We had to entertain him, and now Edward says he I ivll never have one in the house again. His name was Isidore Katzenstein, and I he was Ida's very best musical swan. She said it would be such a pleasure for us to have him in the house, and she hoped he would not object to our piano and our English ways. Edward said he hoped not, too. We are both fond of Ida, and we don't mind her talking nonsense because we know she can't help it. I believe u'e should have liked Herr Iat zenstein If he had not been a swan. He o played the piano very well, but not bet- d ter than Paderewski or Rubinstein. At least, that is our opinion. Ida says you % can't have an opinion about music in this I climate, and that in Germany no one d would look at any other musician if Herr Katzenstein was,in the room. He is an v undersized young man, with rather good b features, a curious twist in his walk, c and a very ordinary head of hair. You p have only to look at his hair to know s that, he never could set up as a first- a class musician. But Ida says that in h Germany he is considered irresistible, h and that every woman he meets loves it him to distraction. When he had stayed 5 with us two days she asked me quite anxiously whether I preferred him to Ed- n ward yet. I said I was sure I should soon it only he would play the piano in ý his coat. Because that very afternoon Mrs Dallas had called and had found him in his shirt sleeves playing the "Walkuren ritt," with a cigar in his mouth and a i soda tumbler full of lager beer at his a side. It was Ida's fault. After lunch u she. invited him to play, and said I P should not mind at all it he smoked and it took off his coat; ind the lager beer she b poured out with her own hands. She r always waits on her swans. d "Now he will feel at home." she whis pered to me. "I am so anxious for him to take back a pleasant impression of England." a Then Mrs Dallas called, and I get up to welcome her, and Ida came towards us with a face like a tragic mask and C said Herr KHatzenstein never allowed anyone to speak while he was playing. i Mrs Dallas thought I had two lunatics a with me. She doesn't care for music, and while Herr Katzenstein thundered C out the "Walkurenritt" he sang it too- with the cigar in his mouth-and Ida joined in. "Why do they whoop like that?" Mrs Dallas whispered, but I dared not answer. I was afraid Herr Katzensteln would stop playing and run out of the c room in a rage. Ida says he makes a point of doing so in Germany if anything annoys him. We were really better amused by last year's bird, an odd little "scientific" I doctor. I asked Ida what the qualifica- 1 tion meant in this case, and she said that I Dr. Tomsk did not practise. He wrote pamphlets about his great discoveries; and sometimes, In a light, lazy mogd. he I wrote novels and poems. She said he would be an improving friend for Ed ward, and that he had promised to drop in at three to-morrow afternoon, and that we might possibly persuade him to stay to dinner.: "I shall be out to-morrow afternoon," said Edward. "I have an appointment." I "Can't you put it off?" urged Ida. "Dr Tomsk might be offended if you were not here to receive him. He is a very busy man." . "So Is my degtist." said Edward, "and may appulntment Is with him." Ida thinks Edward rather flippant sometimes. She is always very solemn about her swans. She went on to tell us that Dr. Tomsk has been born in Germany, and brought up in most of the countries of Europe, and that each one in turn had helped to furnish and deco rate his extraordinary mind. So, of course, I felt very much afraid of enter taining hinm. until I re-membered that. he was a swan. When he arrivetd I knew that, what ever his mind wus?, it could not be as ex traordinary as his looks and manners. You have seen pictures of a ghost made of a turnip set on a draped broomstick. His head was just that shape, and his eyes were round, and his noser an irre'le vant dab otf putty. and his clothes glo tesque and Ilyaway. But Ihe was very good-humored and friendly, and when he had been albout twenty minutes in the house he sat down on the hIarlhlrug anl read Schiller's poems to Ida and me. The poems seemed to excite hinl, and he soon got ttp and began to tear about the room. and Ida said my chairs and little tables were in his way. So we moved them as quietly as we.could, and when Edward came in he asked if we had been dancing. Ily this time It was dusk, and Dr. Tomsk. who Is rather deaf aDd half blind, did - not notice Edward, and suddenly came at him out of a corner and said to him' in a loud, resounding voice, "Auch Ich war li Arkadien geboren," and Edward was quite startled and knocked down a Sal viati glass and broke it. But he owned wheL Dr. Tomsk had gone that he cer tainly had an extraordinary mind. "It is like that old furniture shop you haunt," he said to me, "crowded and hugger-mugger and out of hand. - He is an entertaining ass, but we might easily have too much of him." We did. - I believe Ida's next swan will be' a woman. She is full of an incomparable person called Amalle Boll. In my house affairs go a little wrong sometimes; we are-not exempt, like Amalie Boll, from the ills of life or from its expenses. I can blunder; she cannot. The people who serve me sometimes serve me badly. She only employs experts. She denies herself nothing, and, most miraculous of all, she spends nothing. "But how does she manage it?" I asked. "She is the most shrewd and capable of women," said Ida. "Amalle Boll," confided Edward to me, later, "I met her last time I went to Eb erheim; a gabbling, conceited, managing woman, dressed in green plaid, with yel low stripes. She told me it was a real Rob Roy tartan. The kind of woman who will advise you and inform you about everything under the sun-incor rectly. I dined at her house. There were caterpillars in the cauliflower. I remember, because she made such a fuss when she noticed that I didn't eat the cauliflower. I said I would rather not. and she was-quite seriously offended. I couldn't help It. I hate caterpillars." If Ida offers to bring this lady with her next summer Edward and I have made up our minds to say that out sec ond spare room is otherwise engaged. Edward says he can always use it for carpentering, and I really think that I would rather see shavings and sawdust there than Amalie Boll. Because after speaking to Edward about her I looked at her photograph in Ida's album, and I can quite believe what Ida suggests, that she would find fault with me and all my ways, and make no bones about saying so. "Tour house is very pretty," my cousin admits, "and your dinners are too; but it would shock Amalle Boll to see how lit tie time you devote to your household duties. She is in her kitchen the whole morning, and every scrap of food in the house is under lock and key; in the after noon, assisted by a dressmaker who only charges eighteenpence a day, she makes her clothes, and I assure you they look as if they came straight from Paris. In the evening she goes with her hus band to a beer garden, or the theatre, or to visit friends, but never without her knitting. She is a pearl amongst women." Nevertheless, Edward and I maintain that we shall prefer sawdust to pearls if we are driven to make a choice Next summer.-Mrs Andrew Dean, in "West minster Budget." 