STAGELMa ... — ; ? : ? ?-: ? ' ? . ^.^ TNTCRO'S latest. .4t%-23& V^^k -'Tie Gay Lord Std&FsL;* Wr$\% Quex,' will be ??'? '^BpnS ?tWJ seen for the last ^?JsaL a^*^ time at °^e .£vHPi* ? -Royal to-night. J-N^T M ci 'Lord and -Lady ffVflWk _s~*. Algy'_will be revivea ior nve nights only; and 'The Vil lage ' Priest' ?will be staged oil September 16\. At Her Majesty's 'Se- cret Service' holds the sway; while the boards at the Criterion and Lyceum are occupied respectively by 'The Indian Mutiny' and 'When London Sleeps.' The Broughs will shortly quit Sydney for Ade laide, where they open on September 30 with 'The Liars,' making their return visit to Mel bourne in turn for the Cup Carnival. Thence they journey to New Zealand. Miss Amy Castles's Brisbane concerts, accord Ing to the local critics, were not an artistic suc cess. The Brisbane 'Telegraph' says: 'The songs set down lor her in the programme were both simple ones—' Lovely Spring' (Coenen), sung by ?request, and 'The Last Rose of Summer.' For iboth songs she was encored, though neither was satisfying to the artistic sense.' The 'Courier' on the same subject has it that 'Miss Castles is undoubtedly the possessor of an astonishingly re sonant and powerful voice. She sings apparent v ly with very little effort, and the tone quality of * her voice is in one so young remarkable. 'With the possession of her voice, however, her quali fications to be regarded as a singer are for the present at an end. Of the performers at 'the three concerts which were given during the week, Miss Castles was undoubtedly the weakest from an artistic point of view. This is no detraction from the merit of her voice; it is so simply be cause the young lady has not yet had the training to enable her to produce results commensurate iwith her abilities.' Her next step is to get the necessary training. The Royal Comic Opera Company will' present ''The Geisha' at the Melbourne Princess to-night. 'The Harry Conor Company goes to Adelaide, opening in the 'Holy City' on September 9. It is understood that 'The Rag Baby,' another mu sical trifle, ' will ' see the light during the season. Thence the company will hie it to Perth (W.A.). Bland Holt' 'closes his season with a revival of 'For England.' 'A Soldier and a Man,' under the management of Messrs. Holloway and Ander son, fills the gap. The Jubilee Singers have re- ' turned from New Zealand, and will exploit the provinces. Miss Palmer, the lady head of the Melbourne musical profession, enjoyed a special celebration of her birthday last week, -with what Shakspere calls 'honor, love, and troops of friends.' She ?was Rosina Carandini, and her sisters were Fanny, Tessie, Lizzie, and another, if we (Melbourne 'Punch') remember aright, while her amazing mother was Mme. Carandini, who seemed as if she. was going on singing forever — probably she does. Mr. J. H. Carvill fcas beea unburdening him self to the interviewer in London. He regards liis engagement in Australia as one of the most enjoyable of his professional career. Australia !he regards as 'the loveliest country in the world.' He is full of his recollections of the hospitality of the Australians and the good times he had over in the colonies. He spoke strongly of the ability of the Australian actor. 'There may not be many of them, but they are all good. When an actor gets over in those latitudes he has to 'buck up * (says Mr. Carvill). If he is no good he soon knows it; if he is all right — well, then he is all right. The country abounds in character actors, and the people know it. The Australians are no 'slouch.' A good thing appeals to them at once.' The 'Music Hall' states that Billy Emerson, the well-known comedian, is reported to be ill, and in needy circumstances in New York. He met with an accident in New Orleans recently, breaking his ankle. He was a great favorite With Sydney audiences. The Collard Liliputians, who have recently finished a six weeks' season at Durban (Natal), iad an enthusiastic reception on the occasion of their last performance. The 'Natal Mercury,' writing of the event; 'says: 'The utmost enthu siasm prevailed during the evening, the youth ful performers being overwhelmed with the sub stantial attentions of their friends, in the gallery especially. Boxes of sweets were simply show ered on the stage, as well as flowers, and after the curtain fell the gallery was not satisfied un til every one of the young performers had come before the curtain to receive a special cheer. Miss Florrie West, who has arrived in London, is able to contradict in person tne stupid and un founded reports concerning her health which were circulated while she was fulfilling an engagement ;with Tony Pastor, in New Tork. Miss West had a most severe attack of rheumatic fever, and, as ?usual with an illnes of this description, she was in a: state of semi-consciousness for some days, and: was far from herself. She, howevar, recover ed rapidly (says the 'Era') under the care of an excellent doctor and nurse, and, with the excep tion of a slight weakness, is now quite well. A singular contretemps occurred at the annual conversazione cf the Royal Colonial Institute, held recently at the Natural History Museum. Mr. Chamberlain and a distinguished company, num bering about three thousand, attended the func tion, which offered, as one of its chief attractions, two songs by Miss Ada Crossley, who was the sole singer of the evening. This fact had been speci ally announced in a preliminary circular (says 'M.A.P.')-, and even a special platform had been erected for the singer's accommodation. At the appointed hour Miss Crossley, with her accom panist, ascended this platform, only to find that the piano had been forgotten! There was no sing ing, of course, and when Sir Frederick Young ex plained the position the disappointed guests, mostly Australians, hurried ^ut of the building in hundreds. Mr.. George Alexander is to produce 'Rupert of Hentzau,' the sequel to the 'Prisoner of Zenda,' at Glasgow on the 25th proximo. Mrs. Maesmore Morris, whose engagement by Mr. Alexander was xecently chronicled, will probably be in the pro duction. The old Star Theatre, New York, is doomed, and In about a year's time will give place to a big office building. The Star will ever be. a landmark * in the ' theatrical world, not only because of its historical traditions in regard to the American stage, but also on account of .the many English stars who have made fame and fortune within its walls. It was at this house (says the 'Stage') that Sir (then Mr.) Irving made his American de but in 18S3. The property is owned by Mr. Wil Jiam Waldorf Astor. 'Charle9 Arnold's company have been and are playing (says the Natal 'Mercury' of August 4) 'Hans the Boatman' at the Standard, Johannes burg. W. J. Holloway and company have- been appearing in 'As You Like It' and 'Richelieu' at the Opera House, Capetown. 'The Prisoner of Zenda' is now the attraction, and a big one it is, too. It is highly eulogised by the Cape press and people. Another attraction will be the engage ment of Ugo 'Biondi, the lightning change artist. . Dan Leno, -the celebrated London comic artist, -recently refused £2000 for an eight 'weeks' season at the Johannesburg Empire. Many old Australian favorites are very much to the fore in England at present. Mr. John Dewhurst, the well-known tragedian, is now the lessee' of the . Theatre Royal, Leigh. Miss Bessie.. Rignold was at latest playing Lady Isabel, in 'East Lynne,' -at the Star' Theatre, Liverpool; Miss Beatrice Day was starring .in 'The -White Queen' in London; Miss Pollie Amery had made a ?hit as the slavey in 'Our Flat;' while Miss Neta Pelham. was also in -iiie capital.' Johnny Gilmore, was. appearing at the Empire, Edinburgh; while , Chirgwin.'R. G. Knowles, Edgarj.firanvflle, and many others, equally as well knpwni were doing . the roundot the halls. ? ., ,:. Miss Alma d'Alma, an American prima donna who has recently been singing with great v suc cess'- In Italy' and at Monte Carlo, has just met wltb an unpleasant adventure: ^says the 'Daily Chronicle'.').; During aJholiday . trip to., Morocco she t'ookit into her head, to disguise herself as- a jnan, in order to penetrate into a particularly sa cred mosque. She was almost immediately dis covered, and .came very near being killed. Fortun iately, she was rescued by the; police in time, and sent to prison; Tb.ere.she remained Ser ten days, until the Sultan, at the demand of the. American Consul, liberated her.- . . .:- '? Mr. Frank Gerald, an actor well kno^fb In this colony, was when the msaj left about to produce a sketch entitled 'The King's Highway' at the Middlesex (London). * Mr. Gerald, who is sup ported by another Australian, Mr. J. H. Costello, lilays Dick Turpin. ' . ' . Sir Arthur Sullivan, and. Captain Basil Hood's new opera for the Savoy. Theaitre. is shaping out most promisingly, and fast, approaching comple tion. The clever author of 'The . JTrench Maid ' and 'Her Royal Highness' seems to have been very happy in his inspirations. The scene of the first act is an Australian mining camp (says 'The Era'). The miners were once an unregenerate lot; but when the elderly daughter of one of the settlers came among them she found them such a terrible set that she made up her mind to reform them, and gave it forth that, at the end- of a stated time, she would marry the worst among them. Consequently they have become thorough ly tame and civilised. The pretty young daughter of one of the miners comes, with a party of her college friends from Melbourne, on a visit to the camp. She has refused to marry the young Englishman who loves her and whom she loves, and he proclaims himself a terrible bush ranger, and frightens the miners out of their homes. The Englishman's father arrives from England. He is a Lord Mayor, and has come over with a party of aldermen to sell a Pacific island, of which he is the possessor. The police get on track of the supposed bushranger, and meet a secret society of amateur actors^who have been banished from their own country, one of the girls of the troop disguising herself as a boy to assist the progress of a love affair. The second scene is a volcanic Pacific island, where an erup tion is arranged on a novel plan. The new opera was expected to go into rehearsal during the present month. An interesting chapter in modern theatrical history has closed with Mr. Charles Wyndham'3 departure from the Criterion (says the London 'Daily Chronicle'). During twenty-three years he has offered three distinct forms of dramatic productions, and has obtained favor for each. He commenced by cultivating farces from the French with such assiduity as to give peculiar signifi cance to the term 'Criterion piece,' ana then showed a desire for something loftier by taking up 'David Garrick' and standard comedies. Later developments resulted in Mr. Wyndham rebuk ing the follies and caprice of which previously he had proved such a brilliant exponent, and then came a trial of poetic tragedy. His career at the Criterion has been eminently creditable, for whenever patrons have shown a willingness for superior plays he has had several examples ready. In going to his new theatre Mr. Wyndham is sure of the best wishes of the play-going public. The following is a list of the chief dramatic triumphs of the century, compiled by an occa sional correspondent of 'The Era:' Othello, Ri chard, Shylock, Edmund Kean; Louis XI., Charles Kean;;Iago, Young; Macbeth, Maeready; Man of the World, Phelps; Rip Van Winkle, Jefferson; Paul Pry, Liston; Miami, Celeste; William, T. P. Cooke; Sir Peter Teazle, Farren; Juliet; Fanny Kemble; Rosalind, Mrs. Vezin; Portia, Ellen Ter ry; Don Giovanni, Mme. Vestris; Jack Shep pard, Mrs. Keeley; 'Mathews at Home,' Ma thews; Dr. Cantwell, Dowton; Napoleon, Gomer sal; The Brigand, Wallock; Mathias, Irving; Ma cari. Tree; Wellington De Boots, J. S. Clarke; Dundreary, Sothern; Manfred, Denvil. Some exception may be taken to this list however. Miss O'Neil -would be preferable as Juliet, Miss Faucit as Rosalind, Miss Helen Tree as Portia, Macraady as Manfred, and if we include Australia Rignold as Macari. The famous Mr. Sheldon is not the only parson who has taken a holiday of an original kind. A writer in the 'Church Gazette' says he knew one cleric who dressed himself in workman's attire, and, gaining a 'job,' lived as a laborer among laborers. Another devoted himself to engineer ing. A third 'spent a happy holiday as a strol ling player, having got an engagement through an agent in a small company as a 'prize packet,' which means an amateur who has paid for the privilege of exhibiting his incompetence.' It is sad to learn that 'he afterwards boasted great ly of his knowledge of theatrical life.' Leoncavallo, the composer, is under medical treatment in Rome for his eyes, which, unhappily, are giving him a great deal of trouble. He is, however (according to 'The Stage'), busy upon his new opera, 'Roland di Berlin,' and has al ready begun the music of 'Zaza,' an. opera adapt-: ed from Berton and Simon's play, which Mme. Rejane produced so successfully at the Paris 'Vaudeville. 'Zaza,' in fact, though less advanc ed than 'Roland di Berlin,' is likely to be first seen. In a paragraph headed 'Our Newest Drama tist,' a recent 'M.A.P.' has the following of Pro fessor Gilbert Murray: 'The author of 'Carlyon Sahib,' the new play which Mrs. Patrick Camp bell' has recently exploited, is a near relation of Mr. W. S. Gilbert. He is a young man in tte early thirties, but so long ago as ten years back he succeeded Professor Jebb as Greek professor at Glasgow University. Scotch chairs are always well paid, and Professor Murray enjoys a vei-y handsome honorarium, and a house thrown in. He is an Australian by birth, having been born in Sydney, where his father was Speaker . of the Lower House, and afterwards President of the Upper House of the Legislature of New South Wales. Young '.urray went to St. John's, Ox ford, where he scored brilliantly, by, taking the Ireland, the Hartford,- and the Craven Scholar ships. He took a first in the final classical schools just eleven years ago, and was elected to an open Fellowship and Lectureship at New Col lege. Mr. G. S. Titheradge, who was at latest appear ing- in a new play styled 'The Guinea Pigs,' in London, is in receipt of very high all-round praise for his sketch of a company promoter. Avon Saxon, the robust baritone who playea the part of Friar Tuck in 'Ivanhoe,' and who has recently returned to London after a long South African tour, might have done. well as a 'strong man' if he had not possessed other gifts. I have seen him (writes a correspondent to 'M.A.P.'''), whilst lying on the broad of his back raise a full-.grown man; who stood on the palm of his hand, a foot in the air. On one occasion when*. Saxon was singing, in grand opera in Melbourne, the 'ghost' had not 'walked' for some time. Matters came to a crisis, and one. night — I forget what the opera was-^-Saxon gave due warning that he would not go on without his salary. His cue, I remember, was 'Here -comes the Count?1' from the chorus: The excited manager rushed to the baritone. 'Do you hear your cue, Mr. Saxon,' he cried. 'Here comes the Count!' 'Guess, not,' was the replj, 'the Count don't come worth a cent till he gets his salary.' Nor aid hie go on until the manager's hundred guinea gold watch was transferred to his pocket -as-se— curity for payment on the morrow. * 