MUSICAL NOTES. [By Musicus.] Madame Marchesi, the famous French teacher of singing, was so pleased with Miss Regina Nagel's voice that she insisted that her new pupil should reside with her during her stay in Paris. It is also stated that Madame Marchesi has a very high opinion of Miss Nagel's artistic qualities, and predicts a splendid career for the gifted young Australian contralto. The 'Sydney Morning Herald' announ- ces that it is probable that Miss Maud Mc Carthy, v the Australian prodigy violinist, will visit the colonies- at the end of this year. Thin young lady's career has, up to the present, oeen quite a series of successes. The leading London critics have hailed her as a performer, of rare gifts. She has play ed before the Queen, and has been associat ed with ronie of the most celebrated ar tistes of tbe day. Miss McCarthy, recently completed an American tour,, during which shfr 'won the golden opinions of 'all iwho hj5arii.befi.ind of her pUnn^a* a- concert given in London about a month ago''* leading journal remarks:— 'Her technique, considering- her age, is axtonishing. That she Should play Brahms and Bach, as she did, is something almost a miracje. ? It sug gests that we have here one of those na tures which arc, so to speak, independent of tone and technique, being able to assert their power and magnetic 'their hearers by the mere force of personality.' A young Queensland violinistc, Miss Nora McKay, of Maryborough, who left for Europe last year to join the Conservatoire Royal of Music at Liege, under M. Musin, has taken second prize with great distinc tion at that institution. The question roost debated in English musical circles at present appear* to be 'la Paderewski married or not?' A telegram was received from Warsaw a few weeks ago, which was published in all the.leading papers, announcing that the .interesting event had taken place. Mr. Hugo Gbrlitz, the famous pianist's secretary, stated, how ever, in an interview, which was likewise copied in the principal journals, that Pade rewski was not married, and that on the date mentioned, May 31, he was with him (Mr. Gorlitr), .and that neither was at Warsaw at alL Tbe London 'Daily News,''' after publishing the contradiction, writes as follows:— 'We have direct authority to state that M. Paderewski was married at the Church of the Holy Ghost, Warsaw, on May 31, to Hdene, Baronne de Rbten, a lady who is well known in musical cir cles.', As the great pianist is now in Lon don, he might surely be induced to answer the momentous question himself. Unless some hypnotic influence has been at work, he surely ought to know. . ... . Marriage is an institution thai has proved very popular with pianists. To take a few names at random, Liezt, Sir. Charles Halle, and D'Albert all approached the hymeneal altar more than once, and of a celebrated lady pianUte a witty German critic re cently wrote:— -'^Madame C. did not play as well as when she played for the firs': time the second concerto of her 'third'' husband at the fourth Philharmonic' Herr Albert Friedenthal, the pianist'who was in Adelaide a few weeks ago, made his final Australian appearance at the Sydney Town Hall on Saturday. In all he gave fifteen concerts ia Sydney, ? where he appears to have achieved a greater suc cess than attended his efforts in either of the other cole-hies. Last Wednesday he sailed by the Alameda for America, where bis tour will open at San Francisco. After playing in some of the principal towns of lankeeJand, Herr Friedenthal will return to Germany, as he is engaged to play at Leipsic in October. I understand that the authorities of St. Paul's Church, Adelaide, intend rebuilding, or at Jeast to a large extent remodelling the organ at present in the Church. This instrument is one of the few remaining specimen* of the late Mr. Wolff's work manship, and sadly needs attention. If the proposed scheme is carried out, a new two-manual instrument, 'containing about fourteen speaking stops, will be erected. 'Pinafore,' the first of the long list of Gilbert t Sullivan operas, has been revived with immense success at the Savoy Theatre. London. A wealthy American; a convert from Pro testantism, after hearing at Buenos Ayre* Perosi's 'Raising of Lazarus' is stated U» have placed at the disposal of the voun* Italian priest-composer, the sum of one hundred thousand {rapes (about £4,500) for tiie purpose of founding at Rome a school of Gregorian chant under the direction vrf Peroai. This composer has just produced at Genoa another onxorio entitled ?'John.' According to a local critic the oratorio is a good piece of workmanship, but- lacks inspi ration., The hut part, which deals with the death of St. John the Baptist, is said to be the best. : ' ,- .* '? ' : ? Mr. Frank L. Moir, the well-known song writer whose 'Best of All' is heard wher ever, ballads are mug, was trained as a tuner of pianofortes in Messrs. Coljard un.l Collard'* factory, where he remained tor eight years. Theitre he entered tiie Xational Training School for Music, nnv the Royal College ot Music, with a scholar ship, lie wrote soug- from his early year*, ana had at one time a four years' contract with Messrs. Bcosoy to produce six son^s a year. Voice-training i» .i fpecial study with him, and he teaches at the Guildhall School ot Music. The Albert Fairba-rn Opera Company in tend hoidinc i SkXV.1 nnd dar.ee ai ibe Trade*' Hdl on Friday, August 19. to celfbriU' their recent successful produc tion a: she Theatre Rcyal of 'Giivrk- fiirofla.' The pecuniary reault* « thin scjuion w#re *o sat:sa«4ory thai i: has »nf bled the Society to wipe out a heavy de ncit, which has burdened tcern i.--r -oaie time. Their nest opera, 'Pinaicre,' i* to be produced at the Theatre Rc^-ai nex: Xovember, not September, a.- wax stated in error in ''Tie Resister' oi iis*. Weda-a- #1 »«? 