NURSERY NOTES. RGIHTENING CHILDREN. Says an English paper: Ifothing can be worse for a child than to be frightened.. The effect of the scare it Is slow to recover from: it remains sometimss until maturity, as is shown by many in. stancs of morbid sensitiveness and exces sive nervousness. Not unfrequently fear is employed as a means of discipline. Children are controlled by being made to believe that somthing terrible will happen to them, and punished by being shut up in dark rooms, or by being put in places they stand in dread of. No one without vivid memory of his childhood can com prehend how entirely cruel.such things are. We have often heard grown persons tell of the sufferings they have endured, as chlldrn, under like circumstances, and recount the irreparable injury which they are sure they then recelvd. No parent, no nurse,capable of alarming the young is fitted for her position. Children, as near as possible, should be trained not to know the sense of fear, which, above every thing else, is to be feared in their education, early and late. Some Interseting facts dealing with the fears of children have been Collected by a well-known professor. He found that 1,071 children were afraid of 6.456 things. The leading fears were lightning and thunder, reptiles, strangers, the dark, death, domestic animals, water, ghosts, insects, rats and mice, and-high words. Some of the fears were the results of personal experience that is. in a dis trict where a great wind had wrought a havoc the children were afraid of it, In other cases the analysts showed by what means parents had worked upon the Im agination of their children. In one dis trict 16 poor little ones were dreading the enid of the world. The most'gratifylng fact of all was that not one child had been frightened into obedience or good conduct by the fear of the devil. A century or two ago that fear would have'led all the rest. The pleasing inference is that par ents now, dwell upon affection and love to insure the goodness of their children, Instead of terrorising them with Satai's wrath. 