1HADDECKJ LIGHT, BY MRS MAY ACNES FLEMNHC. authb of 0'The Star of De YVre," 'Wed, Yet L No Wife." I'Iford Rory,' "A Womman'' I?; Hand," ,', Wanderful' Wonman.'. . 1_!8 :-",. , 'Norlne,"-&e.;, &?c- >.-, '" tL:i _+. PARTIL 4...L C "HAPTER XVI .-SADDECK LIGHT. S'gusty'Novemberday.. Dead leaves swirl in wild brown: drifts through the streets of St. Ann's before the wind, a wind that buffets and tosses and shouts like the lustyyoung giant it is, that wrenches and twidts.the, tree-tops, that rattled the sundry vine-stalks which' a few months ago hung heavy, with great drooping clusters of roses, that flings dust by the handful into the eyes of the un wary, and then whooping iii gusty glee, flies off to Shaddeck Bay, and prepares to make a.roystering night of it. . It is the middle of the afternoon when Richard Ffrench turns out of the great elm avenue of Charlton Place, and pre pares fora windy walk to town: He only came yesterday, and departs againi this evening. His work Is done, his name is cleared, the real culprit lies in prison Fate itself cannot hold him and his wife apart longer. Never has debonnaire Captain Dick, in the brightest, most spi rited, .most sanguine days of his youth, looked more hopeful, more buoyantly happy.than does the ex-cavalry colonel to-day. He is going for Vera- no mis understanding, no foolish scruple shall keep.them asunder longer. She has all the pride of-a fallen angel where lie is concerned; and love shall triumph' over pride, and in his heart he knhows as well as he lives that Vera cares for him yet. So-free, cleared, triumphant, rich, lov Ing, hopeful-he gets over the ground at hits usual swinging pace, whistling cheer ily as he goes, "My love is but a lassie yet." He has discovered this much: Whejn Vera left Charlton she went direct to herbld friend tMrs Trafton, and has re mained with her ever since. Before this time to-morrow he will be at Mirs Traf ton's door to claim his own, and hold it, too, through life and beyond death if he may. How it blows, and how the great strip ped trees wrestle with the blast in a fierce embrace! He bends his powerful figure before it, as it comes swooping down upon him, flinging spiteful siroc cos of dust in his eyes, and sending the blood bounding through every strong vein. His spirits, already high, rise higher as it buffets him. It is like strong wine, this exhilarating autumn gale, with the saltness of the sea, the pungent frag rance-of the pine woods, in its breath at once. The tide is out, as he turns into the shore road, the long black bar Is bare that leads to Shaddeck Light, and crossing it he sees Daddy. The old den looks bat tered, wind-blown, weather beaten, and tumble- down-this winter's gale will give it it's coup de grace, and the little brown cabin will be a thing of the past. He has half a mind -to cross over and take a look at it before it goes-he has not been there for many a year. As he approaches, Daddy espies him, and comes to a halt. "Hallo! "cheerily says Colonel Ffrench. "Hallo!" Daddy stolidly returns . and then Daddy stands on, the other foot, and eyes his master. - "Yer aln't seen her,. heIv 'er? .Ter don'tl know she's here, do yer?" he vaguely inquires. "Seen her? What her?" 1I "Yer didn't hear she'd come back did yer? Said so herself. Told me not to tell nuther. A-goin' back in the keers to night. Come to take a look. She's thar *yit." Daddy jerks his thumb over his shoul der in the direction of the ocean. But Colonel Ffrench begins to understand. His dark-face flushes and lights. "Are y'ou speaking of Miss Vera?" he asks. "Ah!" says Daddy, nodding-"her. She's thar yit. Come to take a last look at the dear old place. - That's what she said. Blessed if he ain't gone!" says Dad dy, as his master turns from him, and in a miniute is crossing the bar. A dim per ception of the truth stirs vaguely in the fog of Daddy's mind-a slow; imbecile grin creeps over his i'isage. "Blessed if he din't goin' ter her! Bless ed if he ain't sweet on her!" says Daddy. to himself, and so lumbers heavily away. She is sitting on the little sea-wall, her fingers locked together, her hands lying Ilstlessly on her black lap. -' Her long crape veil is thrown back, and waves like a'piratical flag in the blast; the clear face is like a star set in Jet. The great, dark eyes, the lovellest the wide earth holds, this man thinks, have till the sad fless of farewell in their depths. She hears his footsteps, and turns; then rises, and- itainds;'pale, startled, surprised, be fore him. But a light comes into her eyes-the quick- light of irrepressible gladness and welcome; and he sees it.' "Ve'a,". he exclaims; and holds out both hands. . S'Captalin Dick!" she answers, and gives him' hers. ; - The-nime, the look, the manner have \- swept away six long years, and it is the Captain Dick of Charlton days,-her hero; that is here.' It is-but for an instant; Sthen ehe laughs faintly; and draws away 'ier hands: - - " - "I thought for a-nioment I was a-llttle girl again. You looked so like the Cap:. taitDicki of 'those far- off days. But .liat a surprise this is. I thought you were'iri New York." - " And I thought yoi were in New York.'! r He seats himself beside hei-close be side her, on the stone wall, and looks with loving,laonglng,.happy eyes into her half shrlnking face. . .- "I was-in New York. I have been ever binee I left"'- '-Why -did you leave?' he breaks-in. -That-was cruel, Vera. I went back early next mornlng full df all I.had to say,- all one.heart could hold -and you -were gone! Well,:l it is past with.the rest, bit "I doubt if anything in the last. six years came home. to me miore sharpli' than that." '" " : " " . S; She looks-away from him, ind out to where-the angry red of-the sunset beanls through gathering wind-swept cloua.-. 5 'Itiwas best I should go!lit was In •.vitable,:and Mrs Trafton's house has ever been a second hosiie. -:Iwent taoher Iin my trouble and myloneliness,.and she .was good.to me,' better, than I can say. Colonel -Nfriench"-hnstlly; and still with averted eye?-Thave read: it alli-the OLreadful, dreadful truth, that' viridfhatek Syou, and condionhs that wretched:mali. :-. And I. hardily thlhk it surpilsed"mer al Sthough it ofas a profolind shock. For she loved him-oh, my dear .little Dot, she " loved hilnm I. alwas' knew him to be " ehla and 1wicked but Of~ithis-I feel sure -h never intended t( go beyond the stehllnot the Jewels--he never intended :"tolnfuro hrii . . - S- "Nol,he canme to'steal, not to murder.; If she had only not awoke' But all:thatis past. W.hy. should: you ever think of •"I think Eleanor, p6obr 'loble great liearted Eleafnor! ' She haults :me lIke'a ghost. Sbme day, soon,'I hope to:she her." "'I havelventured to promise so much in your name," he says. "You will let me keep my Word will you not?"' -"I:shall see her, certainly," Vera nnswers. "In a week or two I start with Mrs Trafton to spend the' winter In Florida,; and we shall take New Orleans on our way, She Is falling into a de dline, MIrs Trafton, and has been ordered South. I go with her as companion. That is why I am here. I have come to tacke a last look at poor Dora's grave. \- Her face Is dreary as the red light fall imn it, as though the prospect of being cmonanlon to a fretful Invalid, even through a bright Southern winter, was wot a particularly exhilarating prospect -or Colonel Ffrench, he smiles. S'And you think I will let you go?" i1d 340 says:. :!Vera,' furii round-look at-me, Iristead of-the sky' and the wiater- and tell me, if you can, ilow long this is to go He captures the hands and compels her to turn and face him. There is .a last resistance, but a vain one, for her armer of coldness and inflexible-pride In the hour of her need, they fall her. "For six years you have been my wife In name," he says. "In all'that time wa have been held apart-by my own act in the flrst'years,' by misunderstandings and mutual pride in these last. It is tfme all that should end. I love my Wivfe' I-want my wife, and I mean to have her. =No"-as she flashes upon him one of the.old, imperious glances .aid tries to free her hands--'I am not to Ibe annihilated" ei. en by the fire of your eyes, my Vera- eyes I havg thought the most beautiful oinearth,'the truest, the dearest, ever,slnce:I saw:them-flrst. I know you cared.:fot meallIttlesonce; I think you u.ae for'me a little still; I know that: I love -youpywith 1i the strength of my heart. In my trouble you cainme tb'me, you Offered to stay 'ith me. to be niy titfe, Vera, I claim that pro mise now-I clain you." Her face droops undes0 the passion of his eyes, but In it he reads neither anger nor coldness, nor shrinking. -Her color comes and goes, but pride. has bowedaand fallen. He smiles, still clasping her hands, and bends nearer conquering at last. "I am going to Cuba in a week-not to reIoin.the army, I have done with that but for political purposes, all the same Vera, will you come with me to Cuba Instead of to Florida with Mrs Trafton? She looks uti; aid the dark, sweet eyes that meet his are full of tears. '"I will. go With you to the end of the world," she answers. There has been a hiatus here, you understand. The wind shouts, as if in derision at this pair of lovers, and the sea dashing higher and higher over, the rocks, sends its flaky spray In their faces. "'And it is not from any sense of duty?' is the first coherent remark, Jealously made by Colonel Ffrench, you are permit ted to hear, "such as sent you to me at the hotel, but because" "Because I love you," says Vera, speaking the words for the first time in her life; "because I have loved you from the.very first." The tide is rising; if this ecstatic pair linger much longer, they will have a chance to pass the night, tete-a-tete on the sea-wall. The crimson and fiery orange of the strong sunset is paling rapidly before the greyness of coming night-and gathering storm. The wind still shrieks about'them like a wind gone mad; seagulls whirl and swoop startling ly near, the flashing spray leaps higher and higher. It Is Colonel Ffrench who comes back from Elysium first-is it not the man who always comes back first? "The tide is rising," he says, rising also. "Let us go. - If we sit here longer we Will have to stay here till morning,, and one night you may think quite enough to spend at Shaddeck Light: although I ihall always look back to that night with the deepest gratitude, for to it I owe the happiness of my life," HIe offers his hand and she takes' it, and so, clinging to it, passes over the wet, weedy, slippery kelp and shingle to the shore. There, as by one impulse, both pause and look back. Before them lies the new life, behind, the- old, and they linger for a second to bid it fare well. One last yellow gleam of sunset breaks from behind the wind-blown.clouds and lights palely the solitary little brown 'cot. Falling fast to decay, with broken 'windows, hanging doors, settling roof, it stands waiting for its death-blow, in for saken and bleak old age-a desolate plc ture. While they look-the light fades swift darkness falls, and night and lone liness wrap Shaddeck Light. The End. ' I 