Ritualism. • - ' (To the Editor.) j Sir.—It Mr Smith will read my first remarks on t£is controversy over again, will Eec thai I cflarsd him no insnlt. xe carefnlly distinguished between the and his statements. Iho statements made in. the Methodist Church are ; but thai has nothing to do with Smith's sincerity ill making them. The same remark applies to all my con tradictions of any statcnuxi of his. The severest tiling I have said about him is that his enmity of the Ciuirch has led him to make 3talemenls 1 air. able to show arc false, bat I doubt not he is as sincere in his enmity as he is in his state ments. But if any one will gather the Hou'trs of rhetoric from Mr Smith's con troversial garden he will find some fine specimens of insult, Traitors,' 'Apostolic successor of Judas Iscariot/ 'unblushing altroulery,' falsify their solemn Ordin ation Oaths,' 'gross misrepresentation,' 'crass ignorance or something worse,' 'hy brid mongrel tiling/ ^useless mummeries,' 'moral dishonesty,* 'arrogant pride*; thesj axe from the pea which deprecated abusive • lanpw^e, and from man wlio read cs a little homily on the text, "abase is not l argument," und resolved to. "avoid falling k into the b*"* example** he imagines I aet fr Suiith pays aic a. good deal of IT in to-days letter. and 1 mu^ ar Tfllg' respond. He says J. have ®^"^icted myself in iliree instances. In f^COQ£%t contribution to this controversy .(SSfeed all his statements categorically. J^T afterwords accepted a table of figures be produced, but I proved from that table thai Mr Smith's original statement was untrue 1 Is thit a. sc3f-contradiction? In another letter I spoke of his facts as betn? unsupported by evidence, and also said I had been familiar with those facts for some time. There are facts which are false, as well as facts which are true L Mr Smith's belong to the first class. I ^jQfrgeboen familiar with those false facts, TBr-tfiTh die true facts for some time, w Is there any contradiction in that ? Even If there is it is a mere literal quibble, not worthy of raising; but the English language allows this word fact' to be Used in the two senses. Then, be says I contradicted myself by first saying thera fe no law* establishing the Church, and then that the law* uHI not allow the Jtfishop to do much. Well, there la no *law* establishing the Ohnrdi. If Mr. Smith thinks t!iere Is let him give the date and title cf the Act. J»ut there is a law1 fettering the Church in her endeavors to deal with recalcitrants, and Nonconformity is largely responsible for that. But the law9 which fetters is sot the law' whioh establishes. Can any body see "where my sotf- contradiction comes in t Mr Smith goes on to three *ad«u*siona? he «rante the public to think I have made. I wish to preface what 1 am going to Bay by- stating that I have no intention nor any desire to withdraw anything I have said about my own position as an Anglican clergyman. Hr Sro\£b~<fuotcs mc as saying that "the main brtfly of the clergy tn which I <*T"f>elong. will have none of a Prot crfantism" which is puritanical," iat least he should have quoted it *hn*. way, but we will let 4hat pass.) Row comes his fallacy. Hie makes out that Puribinism and Evang elical Protestantism are one and the same, and that ihrs Coronation oaths. "Protes tant Refrtrmed Raligion," is also equiva lent to Puritanical Protestanism. That is tn say, the term Puritan, and the term Evangelical mean precisely the same. I deny thai. Every Puritan may be an ■—v Evangelical (though I can quote many <ases to the contour)* but the point at issue is whether or not every EracgclicaJ is a. Puritan. Let «is see. The "Protest ant Reformed Religion** of the Coronation Oath is tha religion maintained and ex* pounded by the Prayer Book; If ft is not that the Oath Is meaningless. Well, now every school boy knows that the Prayer Book was to the Puritans the very dead liest heresy : they fought acainst it, they put men to death for upholding it. when they pot the upper hand they abolished it, and when it was restored they forsook their livings rather than use it. That is the historical attitude of the Puritans to the Protestant Reformed Religion of the English Prayer Bock. An English clergyman has to choose whether he will uphold the Protestant and Evangelical Religion of the English Prayer Book, or the Puritanical Protestantism of Mr Snath and those who, in years gone by, spent tlieir lives in trying to destroy the Church; just as on the ether tide he hag to choose whether he will uphold the Catholic Faith ae contained in the Prayer Book, or the Catholic Faith as held and taught by the Roman Church, which also in days gone by (and also to day) en deavorpd its utmost to destroy the Chmch. I, and I believe the overwhelming major ity of the English ^clergy, stand by the Prayer Book as we are eworn in oar ordination to do it. It sets forth the Protestant Iteformed Religion of England and the English. Catholic end Evangsli^il, but neither Romish nor Puritanical. I think that statement covers all (he ground of the flnt, two "admission*" Mr Sm:th puts into my letters. I have already said that, I am no advocate for extreme I hare never introduced it into parishes, and »n fact I have somewhat the ritual I found when I cam? Chflfieitt Tower?. The hundreds of people who bare beard me preach for the last two years will *mile g: Mr Smiths simplicity In .trying to <&vict; me of degating the Evangelical faith, and the candidates I have prepared for confirma tion, many of them Adults, know* bow I have labored to *et thfet faith before them. Mr Smithes »*at:iloguk of the things he expects to bear I have adopted is nay funny. Tbe only one ^ nave here i* ths. proces-aoiul cross, VblA I found when I eame. The acsfc Sfe lite banner of/roe Cbtiidi Militant, and as to the jstae of it, die following from the Bev. ' Dr- Charles Briggs, the most eminent AmerjMii Presbyterian, inav bIiow Mr. Smith what sensible Protestants tlrnk of It. After quoting .4m talc Prof. MUligaji (also an eminent Presbyterian). nrho says: "The empty ng» is to be preferred (to Uip erueitLv) as being a &ymliol;, not p representation, as FYinL>olizinp. icoreov^r. die Eesurra'tin'i as well as UicjJrkin of tI*o Redeemer"; Dr. Briggs gees on: ' I must express :ny entire agreement (with this eminent representative of the rreAy tcrimi communion) as the rea'lt of my etady of -the Christ of the Grapds and tilt? Christ of the Apostles. The cross stained with the blood drops of our Ho3y JJed°cnier is the most ratxed sjmbol of our holy |j*t it crow n all our Churches ! Let it lead all our proces ifc be worn on the learts of people •" ("The" Messiah of by- Dr. Charies Br^-s, of jfew Tors, odiiion ISM, pogrj X. XL) t year Dr. Briggs and Dr. Shidds (another ominxmt Presbyterian divine) ordained into the Order* of the American branch of die Anglican Church. The third of the 'admissions' becomes 'a. dain-' Well, I have pegged it out, and I have plenty of evidence of its validity. Mr Smith wants me to do \riiat he has done several times Uimself, viz, 'Shift the ground of this discussion.' He *"£■"» it in the Methodist Church, and your issue of July 21st -contains his statement of -original position. I started out to pro\ c his statements on that oceaiaon false, and I have done so. He now wants me to prove that the Catholii? and Evane lical teaching of the Protestant Reformed Orareh of En^imd is tJje faitii once for all delivered ante the saints. J am pre yed to do thai, and it is a part of my juffiion to Charters Tmvrrs to do it. B :t the CMMmns of a newspaper aie not ti e jjace for it. In tlie pulpit of mt parish IT ™,,nd to state the doctrinal tm«ia of the rhnreh, and I have done so fautewly. I have been heart, „nd shall fee -heard again, *nd if Mr Smith wants to hour what 1 have f0 sav tlie CJiurdi doora «re open to all tomcn..' Bi,t I Mont to. eajr a. fex wards here on that part of his last letba" In irhich he deals with the '■Teaching «£ RitiiaHsjn," jje fan pra in 20 qnoiaijons, 18 uf whirh I have traced up. Three of them are from the Union Review,' tlie ptost recent being 23 yeais old. Hie Union Bevicw' Wfi« fon.? since ceased publication for want of support, eo that whatever it taught obtained no great; f»mr in the Church of'England. Two others are fnorn tie "Church Revietr.' and are dated 1362 and 18H4. Since those dates the pr.per has passed into other hands, and is conducted on more moderate lines, the rea6on for tlie change being that its extreme teachings found no favor. One is a layman's utterance, and luts there fore no bearing on the question of the diameter of the Enjrlifth clergy. Anotiier is bum the iter; J. J. Lvle, eommonly bvnm as Father Ipn-itius. This man has been frefiised a license to officiate fn every dioeeso in England, has no authority from the Church to teach any thing, has recently separated Mmsrlf from the Church by accepting order? from a foreign prelate, and is now -holding ser vices in his i>wn hired looms in London. As far as tiie Church can she bus repud iated Iiim. Two are from books by the Rev. A. J. Suckling, who is une of the few clergy la rhfflanfl who have been proved gn3ty of going' too far but Mr Suckling has Fubni&d; to the inling of, the Bijhop of L<mdcm within the past iersr months. I think it only fair here In say that, although I do not agree by any means with Mr Suckling's doings, I have isray reason to respect him for tic holiness and devotion of Ins life. Ani in justification of my opinion I wSl quote from two sources. Archbishop Tait (who has been referred to by Mr Smith) said of him: "T should think no one would wish to persecute so good a man as Mr Suckling-"' Speaking of Ills teaching, Mr G. W. E. Rn«(4l, who describe? liinvlf as a thorough KringeU, bora and bred, said recently: ''If envr in my life I have heard the doctrines of mn, repentance, free grace, and pardon through the blood of Christ, set forth with unflinching plain-< ness," it has been from the pulpit of St Albans," (cf which Mr Suckling is in cumbent) One is froMi the parish mag azine of St. Andrevrb, Worthing, and is strictly in accordance with the TTth. Article. Til*1 quotation from Mr Baring Gould on the Bible is, to my mind, simply common sense. A large propoition of the: infidelity, practical and theoretical, of our time, is due to the ignorance of people who read the Bible without a competent guide. The other '(notation from the same "writer is in strict accordance with what I have shown to be the doctrine of some cf I2:e stannchest Protestants who' mrr lived, and it serve* to prove that thi* Englishmen who foolishly use the word 'Mass* do not use it as implying the Roman meaning. For the Hainan lE&sts; is distinctly a repetition, a different sacri fice altogether from that of Calvary. Mr Baring Gould here teaches, in contradic tion of Rome, that the Enchaxlslic Sacri fice is the same wit* that of Calvary. TJie quotations from Mr Rhodes Biistowe and Mr HOI on the *iible ;»re dissevered from all their context, but I can under stand them in a sense, which Icntw them strictly true to any reasonable ntlnd; and of Mr Rhodes Bristol I may say that he has made many a. stand against the errors of Rome. Hie quotation of Mr Smith, from the Rev. A. J. MirkJethwaite about the wickedness of a minister not hindering the virtue of & Sacrament, is what Mr Micklethvraite is bound by his ordination tows to teach, as witness the XX YX Attide as fellows:— \ Although in the visibla Church the evil be ever mingled with the good, and some times the evil liave chief authority in the Ministration of the Word and Sacraments, yet forasmuch as they do not the some in their own ?iame, but in Christ's, and do minister by his commission and anther itv, we may use #idr Ministiy, both in hairing the WorJ of God, and in recdring of tho'Sacraaxsiu. Neither is the effect of Onitt's ordinance taken away by thir wickedness, nor the grace of God's gift* diminished from such as by faith and rightly do receive the Sacniiueiits min istered unto thwn; which be effectual, bccause of Christ's institution and prom ise, although they be »nini«tered by evil men. NewrtieJess, it apperlaineth to the discipline of tlie Church, ibat inquiry be inado of evil Ministers, and that flinr bo accuscd by those that hare knovrledg? of tiidr offences; and finally being found, guilty, by juat judgment be deposed Does Mr Smith believe that man's wick edneas is stronger than Cod's grace in Ba own appointed means of grace. Even if I had granted that Mr Smith's view of his quotations is correct, he. still fa3s tc prove his original point, and a? I have explained ton candidly and cpenly hisi proofs melt into thin air. I am afraid Mr Smith has neglected for many years the old maxim: 'Bear the other side.' He has evidently satnraiwj his mind with literature all hearing in one direction, without acquainting himself at first hand with what is to be said against his ok® view, and for the rietr he oppo-^a. In fall honesty and without prejudice I recom mend him to *nake an impartial and un-; biassed enquiry into the Anglican Church's teaching and credaitials. I shall be happy to supply him with the necessary books, and to give him every possible assistance, and also any one eke who will undertake the study. I promise liim that he will, go from the task a riser, a happier, a more Catholic-minded man, .even if he doe? not see his way to further action. The matter is vastly important—import ant enough Mr Smith thinks to justify him in making responsible statements in public and appealing most dramatically for support. It is more Important, by far, than that, for tria present, position is one violently njj^ofefel to that intended by the great and'good man who founded Methodism. Preachlag on the matter, of the proper authority of Christian Min istcrs, John Wesley Said tliat his pfaach ers were to contain ^umadres within thr bounds of. and be content with preaching, the GospeL In hli* valedictory address to his people, published in the 'Anmnian Magazine^ in 1790, within a few month.* of his nre these words : "I never' had any design of separating from tlit Ch«irch: I have no such design now; ) do not believe the Melodists in general design it. I do, nnd will dc, i>11 in m\ power to prevent ^such an event. I de clare, once more, that 1 live and die a member of the Churwi of fenglund, and tirnt none who regard my judgment will ev«u* separate from it.** The Methodist in England are feeling the force of the revival of spiritual life in the KnglSJ. Church. Not long ago a largs jxixe wa* offered for (he best book on the "Leakage in Methodism,' and from many sent 11 three were selected for publication. The> are all by trail known Weslcyan mimatere and they testify unitedly that their youn^ people are leaving them-and going intc the Church. According to the "British Weekly," (June 1) a Nonconformist journal, *Y«t another ifc to be added tc the list of resignations of Wejleyan min iw?re during the .wiiwnt Connexion^ year. Th-t O. E. BgU«soq, o( Motley, near ^eedsr has severed his con nection tvIUi the Wesltyan Conference. This nalc<5 die fifth case. . Ci*≱ o) opinion on theol*>gieaI matters is given as thd reason of the severance. Mr Bcitf son entered the Wesleyan ministiy in 1802\. The Her. Caesar Caine, for som . years a well-known Nonconformist min ister in the North, was ordained deacon by the Bishop of Newcastle on Trinity Sunday." Sir Smith lias misujidprstcxxJ the Oxford movement. Dr. Dale, th< eminant Congf-gatioiiflUst, (said of it: *Th< bla&dng; of 'Jod was in it, though we did not see it, and in a. way the}- did not understand: in the lives and in the de votioa of these men & new endowment of the Holy Spirit came into the life oi England.'' I have done now with my first, and I hope my loft, vdigioiis cod troversy in the Press. My letters harp been long, and I hare to thank you for your couitegr in giving me the opportun ity of stating the Church of England^ position. I have not given refciraees ir full references would Have made the let Charters Towtts poblie -would trust mt to he fair and jnst, and partly becaus* full refcrams would have made the let ten intolerably heavy and long. Bill if any reader wtrald like to verify my statements of fact, I shall gladly put hin in possession of my Bournes of information if he will eaB to sae me.—Tour*, etc, JOSEPH J1KE. PS.—There were two penslijjs in my second letter on Tuesday: the fiift dating Bishop Andreu-os 400 instead of 300 your back; and the second being an 'as' in plac of 'so' in giving San day's opinion- of Walsh's -book. Mr Smith asks for my authority in re Dr. Horton. It is the "Church Times," which thoroughly- thrash ed the matter out. Mr Smith can ser the papers at my house.—JJ*. (To tie Editor.} Sir,—The last two lefcta-s of the Hey. Joseph Piku contain many ix } ridic ulous for refutation. In : - rs he gives away'.to whole c.. -, asi-i right into my hands, but < . '.I. —••»! as merdfulLv with him as my _jTit will permit. H? ailca-s-thai nc^i. . -112 half of the uiral number of English cJiurcfcre have addled more or less of Romish Rit ual—tie very thing for which I bare beaj contending all along. And having ad nutted this, lie must logically allow that the tilings symbolized in that Bitual are also accepted and practiced in Ritualistic churches. --For is nqt Bomidi Bitual act id doctrine 1 Is it not a tact, for in stance, that wearing a certain class ot 'Vcsimaite" carries with it belief in cer tain dogmas and tiie following out of cer tain practices t Aitars, altar lights, in tense ,vestments, confessions, «ucharistie iiaifice. etc., are inseparably connected with certain doctrinal beliefs. These tilings tic but tiie out/vanl accrc&ons; if that far-reaching doctrinal system known in history as Priesflan. People may be easily deceived here. The question is sometimes asked : If people *'t-^ these things what harm is (liere in using them T The danger-:to Protestantism lies not go much in the Ritual as in what lies be hind it. Priestjsm is entrenched behind the Ritual. ' Romish Ritual is a carefully built up system. It is symbolical wor ship . It is not easy to separate its Ritual from its doctrine—indeed they stand or fall together. Hence the Ritualists of the English Church having accepted the Ritual of the Roman Church are trying to shape their teaching above the lines of the Council of Trait. Mr Pike aliowa that thousands of English Clcajry teach a doctrine of the Ro.il Presence 1 lint comes perilously near to Tmusubtactiation; he also allows Oat they believe in p'ligitoiy, prayers for the dead, etc. He <ven goes further than this ; he actually attempts a defence of these things, thus allowing that he himself is a long way on the road to Rome. He assures us, dut of the over flowing fullness of his knowledge, that the highly Romanizing Society of the Confrat ernity of the Blessed Sacrament, is main ly a devotional society, and points us to the sermon on the Mount as the authority for their practices. Wliilc Christ bids his followers to enter their closets end pray, dees He anywhere, or does the Bible any where encourage, In ths least degree, pray ers for the dead and masses for getting souls out of {"urgntoiy J Now, prayers for the dead, etc.. are amongst tha very tilings the C.B.8. exists to encourage and cany out. It circulates, in a moist secret way, a little monthly intercession paper, containing the names of persons to be prayed out of PurpaJtory. Canon Car ter, in one of his presidential addresses, said to its members : 'let me add that it is a matter of Importance not to leava about the intercession papers to be mift osed by ill-disposed persona, and that they should be destroyed when no longer in use. We are taught to be *si« as rer penta.' They evidently dread lest the in tercession papere should fall into the bands of loyal Protestant Church people. The Confraternity of the Blessed Sacra ment goes in for ths restoration of tlx "Beserrod Sacrament,' that is for patting A portion of ttie Sacrament in^xs called tha lUenadt^' to be kept on or neal the altar for Toleration or warship ; 11 also pM in for an extreme unction ant Che confessional. And tliis is the sooietj whose secret derations and practices Ml Pike seeks to justify by an appeal to on) Blessed Ixwd'e sermon on the Mount. J nave read id a certain book these words ; 'Who wrest the scriptures to their own destruction." I have before me a print ed list of the members of the Confratern ity of the Blessed Sacrament for 1S&G;, which contains the names, of no less than seventeen hundred Chuaih of England clergymen, and among the names I find those of the following Queensland clergy: , —C. \V. Baron, O. F. Hart, H. C. Bess ley, J. P. Ejdghton. Thus wa aae thai the Church of England in Queensland has in her ministry Bomanizers of the most pronounced type. May I not adopt thfl Master's words: 1 cay unto you— Watch J' The Ber. J. Pike has in a most foolish tray let the Bishop of Boek hampton'B name out of the bag, in oonneo | tion with membership in tlio Notorious Secret Society of the Holy Cross, and then 1 trils na we may be sure that a Bishop would not join a doubtful society. Per sonally I am not sure about such a tiling, I seeing eo many Bishops evidently sympa.- - ihize with the men who are seeking to un . Protestantize the Kngliiih Church. *BrtJ 1 ther* Dawes was a member of the Society I of the Holy Ooes in 1677, and had the courapo to say to the brethren la ana of their monthly chapter meetings, *Onr «abw« hitherto has been our secrecy.' Mr Walah says this Society MmHs'ta its ranks only Bishops, Priests and Dead an, and bona, fide candidates for holy or ders. Qf these seme but Ritualists of an advanced type could conadentiousJy ba eome members. In the same year, 1877, came the public exposure of that extreme ly indecent and dirty book, The Priest in Absolution.* circulated and lined by (he members of the Society of the Holy Cross, With the result that nearly one-half of its Br«thr"n bolted from its ranks in a fright. It Is only fair to the Bishop of Bookhaxnp» Con to ray that hiR name does not appear on the printed list of members now lying before me. • Had not Mr PSk&lflurted; out the Bishop's came, I should not hare gi\v en it in the newspapers, or written the nboT*. The conviction deepens dally that Mr Pike's correspondence Trill do the Chureh of England infinite good, by <si abl'mj* me to show up die Ritualistic par ty to which he and other Queensland cler gy belong, for I intend to leave ba legiti mate gfone unturned for the accomplish' tnent of the purpose on which I hare sefe my (voart and from which I am determin ed" no eide'idsuetf shall divert me. Mr Pike attempt* to justify the unprotestant doctrines and practices of his party by an appeal to the Archbishop, but it isjyener* *1ly understood thai. .Archbiahop Templa I< in (sympathy with lie Hitualista, and also many of the Bishops, and therefore his appeal to- tho Archbishop decs not stand for mush. It only lends strength to my arguments. 1 may repent,' says Mr Pike, there are a few men who act im the apiritof rebellion.' What non sense ! Hie second manifesto of the English Cfcurch Union, i Society which is composed of some 30/100 membetn, 4,090 of whom are Bishops and clergymen, earned Englishmen to riifwfr aaionBlT. In the Hons* of Canunona, on Tuesday, April 11, 1699, the question of Ritual ism vu intro duced ty Mr S. Gedge, who said It Wat clear ttit the intention ef die Bitualisftg una to mrert to mediaeval practices, aad to undo the) work of the Reformation of the 16<h Century. Mr T. Horn propos ed : This House deplores the spirit of lessnesi aliowri by certain member* of tha Church of England, and confidently hopes that the Ministers of the Oroivil will not ' recommend any clergyman for ecclemasti* I col preferment unless tbny are satisfied that he will obey loyally me Bishops and | the prayer-book.' Mr * Balfour mid tho recent declaration of policy by the Eng I lish Chureh Union vn an act ef great dwloyaity ta the Church, Lend Halifax (president of the Union.\ and his fol 1ow«*e made na secret of the fact that tiiay would like ta sea fiu Sitaul of the Qmreh brought into dose agreement with lie Church of Roma fa tie years which preceded tlw Reformation, and the fnturt interests of the Church would be in jeop ardy unless all men who were sincerely loyal to the Protestant Church united and oppressed tlu-t they would not allow it to be destroyed by mistaken rdigious theor ies.' The resolution was carried br an 6venrhdming majority. Mr Pike reflects en the Methodist Chnrdi, Hi* Qlureh ta which he i£ indebted for all liuit is best lit him, because it has a. Ia\r whiA will not alio* man to remain in it tiiio agi tate And seek to overturn its doctrines and diseiplino. I think audi B> law both honorable and necessary, {or how * jour institution exist, unless it iteeif against disloyalty and < Ko man has the right to share 1 ment* of an institution unless be is pared to do it? work, and keep x the bounds of its laics. The law i quoted is an effectual barrier against I «. achim «a is at this moment i English Cirardi asnnder. Dij lishman lia.ve to male a i confession than Lord fial the llimpM few -o-eeja j,, n0 r discipline m the ChureFOT"j2I1,janj jt I is quite tme that whether i_ JLTZ.," firiency, doctrine of ritual. ; apline in the Church ,, ! die Bishop of Hereford, states that *A spirit has arisen wi>v:_ 41.,, ranks of the Higli Church pfaiyi ^-hich is distinctly disloyal to the pray These are terrible confessions ; lips of English Churchmen. I I honor to belong to a Cfonrdi whi&'l^ _ iltr strong enough, and raen atnom g^i | <jn5h to administer it, to prevent Ufei^k | emrenee ft sndi a chaotic state of ttaB^I as exists in the Church of England at the ' present moment- I am exceedingly glad flat Mr Kk^ikas attacked Mr -Walter Wabb'a 'Secret "History of the Oxford KofemmV for It ^w» n* UKrtJwr jortumty of calling attention to this oour- < igeous, impartial, honest, unanswerable ; l»ok. Mr Pikes condemnation stands Tor nothing. Tlie book has not been re futed by the papers or the names he juctes. Abuse U not refutation. Kvtll Dr. Sandy confesses that the book is writ ten "calmly and temperately, and that as aft appeal to documents its Jairncs cannot be cUpied.' As w the attack of that tiit tcr Ritualistic journal, ■'Chinch TiuKi,' the author justly says.. it h t«lc jenuuk able for its angry abase, baffled rage, and personal insult. AU the errors tha H3hurch Tunes' cliims to have discovered in a. book of orcr 400 pages, containing hundreds of quotations from Ritualistic documents, are just sevon, and all of min or importance. Sis if these the author dears aw*y; so lairing onf point only, where he is proved inaccurate, Tlic one point is that the author states that two clergymen went with Lord Halifax to Rome with reference to the recognition of Anglican Orders by the Church of Borne. The "Church Times' points out that the two clergymen did not go 'with' Lord Hal ifax, but followed a few months later. That is the only inaccuracy the 'Church Tunes' has been'able to substantiate, and that is of only the slightest importance. Weil may Mr Walsh ring out this note of triumph in the preface to his fourth edition : 'The Ritualists have now said tlieir worst against the 'Secret History of the Oxford Movement,' and it is a com fort to feci that I hare nothing to fear from it.' Ana it is an equal 'comfort t3 fed' that the man who quotes from its pages has no need to fear a refutation. He who quotes from this book rests on a bedrock of indisputable evidence. For the information of those who may desire to read the book, and I fed certain many, after reading my correspondent*, will wish to do so, I may say :—1. That the book is of Church of England origin. It was prepared by the author at the re quest of a dignitary of the English Church. 2. 16 is published by the Church Association, a Society for the de fence of the Reformation Protestantism of the Church of England. 3. It has been highiy reviewed by loyal churchmen all the world over. Canon MeCormick, Chap lota-iu-ordiniuy to the Queen, says: 'It contains one of the most startling revela tions ever made to the people of any coun try.' The *Beeord' says : llr Walsh has \- written with studied moderation and fair lies, and there is nothing in all the 400 pages of this book that can offend any independent mind.' Hie 'English Church man,' siys: TaU is 9 remarkable book, which ought to be read by erery English man who wishes to .see his country free slid enlightened.' The 'Western Times" says : The volume in one which church men would do well to consult for them selves. Its revelations are extraordinary, its proofs indisputable/ The 'Lireipool Courier' says : 'Nothing is overstated, or aught set down in malice. . . We can cordially recommend it to the aerious perusal of sober-minded churchmen,' In conclusion, I may Bay now has come the supreme chance of Mr Pike's life. Just let him Bit down and out of the wonderful 'sources' of information in his library, re fute the 'Secret History of the Oxford Movement." If he can do this he frill win immortal fame, accomplish the might, iest literary feat of the Nineteenth Cen tury, become such a 'defender of the Faith' as will put old King Harry com pletely in the shade, and will perhaps bg . canonized and worshipped by the Ritual ists of coming days. Now, here's a ' chance for him. There's a tide in the affaire of men which taken at the flood leads op to fortune.'—Yours, etc., W. SMITH. {To the Editor.} guy—Kindly allow mc some space in your valuable" paper, to express same thoughts on the controversy between Mr Smith nnd Mr. Pike on the shore sub ject. I am a Bible student, and 1 might Tenture to eay that I give it as much study (probably more,) a« either the fer. gentlemen. All lovers of the Bible must ba pained to aee how these gentlemen ig nore tlie Bible, for not once during the whole of the discussion has any of the said writers referred to its sacred pages in support of their positions. Why is this so T Surely if there was anything solid in their respective positions, they would stand the test of the word of God, and see how uiuch stronger their position would be when supported by Holy writ. Whereas, their deliberations hare the sound of tinViing cymbals. Mr Smith is opposed to Hitualisn (so am I) and I con sider that he has fully substantiated Us charge, rU., that Bitualism is practised in boom churches of the Church of Eng land, and Mr Pike has admitted it is so. 6a far so good. Mr Smith .says that he is not ao enemy of the Church of Eng land, but thai he is aztenoujr (fieripturuily •peaking a Satan) to Bitualism. Why 1 Ah, that brings the question to the crucial point. What has he offered to us in the shape of facts against it ? Kothing I True, he has by the help of others drawn fanciful pictures, such as a. sister1 made to lie flat on the ground and with her tongue describe th« figvje of a cross in the dirt, and other such like ShingB; th« wholo of his argument may be summed up in one word : Sentiment! Kow eenti tnrat is of no value in a discussion of this kind, a man's sentiment is governed by Mb surroundings, for instance, if Mr Sinith hod come into this world a Turk, and brought up as one, he would have no sentiment against a plural number of wives, and oiiier peculiarities of the Turk. Unless sentiment is governed by a law or standard, either bunion of djft ine, it ic of no avail. Far instance, our lafrs prohibit a nun from baring any more than one wife. That bang 60, it has produced a sentiment against a plural number of wives, that sentiment is right eous. Wbv ? Because it is supported by the law wjiipjj sflj-s : Thou shaJt not do so and so. Sir Smith has not support ed his sentiment, by a Thus sayeth ths Lord, hence his argument fulls to the ground. It is a peculiarity of M^thodis^s to d<nl in sentiment; they piny on the feelings of (he people, and when they have iirpUnted thp feeling iato their follower^ brerate, they think that the Holy Spirit ie stirring them up. I have heard ol arms of their hell fire qwJches, and verily believe they would make the old devil (excuse me, I don't believe in the fallen angel dogma,) wince with shame if he was bar-dy. Mr Smith, please give us 90jBfl scriptural facts against Ritualism, Banjembej" what Peter raid. If any man speaks let bin cpegk as the oracles of God 1st Pet. XV., II. Mr Pike supplies an interesting lefcier in your issue or tie 12th. rnst.; it is not bad considering he Is wrapt np in Federation, and I venlr la liere that he would sooner be holding forth on Federation then on Ritualism-, posably if Christ \ras to appear on the scene, he would request him to wait until the 2nd September. Passing over his statistics and the characters of the clergy, we eome to where he «ajB, There is 110 law *stab lishing the Church of England.' 1 infer from thai the law of Christ has nothing to do with the Church of England; I har? believed that for a long time now. Mi Pike is one of those who uphold with all his zeal in its unimpaired entirety, the faith once for all delivered nnto the taints.* What faith is that! T presume he-means the Church of England faith, \- that *bb delivered by her elerpy unto her fuintn. A sorry faith it mart, be. when it was in need of the English Parliament to pass & Bill for the effective discipline of its clergy, and whose Bishops cannot do orach to cheek illegalusages. It is easily seen that the law of Christ does not gov ern the Church of England, because that Church is dependent upon the decrees of men for its doctrines, as witness Mr Pik6, ■"The clergyman who obeys the prayer book most practice ritual."' Follower* of the Church of England note that. Toot leader's faith is in the prayer-book (for that is tha only book he quotes from in support Of his position,) not in the Bible Hie word of Sod; t}je gospd tlicy preach Comcft from the same source, such is its sal ration. Paul said that the scriptures are nble to make wise unto salvation through faith in Christ Jesus, spd tfcat they are profitable for doctrine, for re proof, (or corrwtion, for instruction in ru$leousness. 2nd Tim. III., 15-17, LChrirf said Kmrch the scriptures Jno. V., |W. But your leaders point you to the TBSyer-book, a book of their own produc tion. There is no command from God to obey it, neither can they produce author ity from God for its issue. They have the audacity to tell you that they have the Hoi}- Ghost, and vet it is only recent ly they condemned the use of incense, presumably because it is illegal -. to err is human, but when men who protean that they have the Holy (Spirit to guide and teach them, practice for years that which they now condemn as illegal, the least I can say is that it is suspicions. Ye churchmen, do you believe that the Holy Spirit teaches a man to do that which i>' Illegal ? I don't. And do you not thitf* that such practice is conclusive pr/it, rtbey have not the Holy Spirit % And if one of the usages has £ eol f<fcnd to be flleeal. is it not possiHrJ flke others ate illegal aa well ? jg tfiounine thero. "Vestaenta anP* Jifljh Jim* been decked by the Church Court to be included in those Or naments of the Church and of its minis Una.' Now, the Highest Church Author ity is tile Christ and his Apostles. Did lliey ever make such a declaration i No ! if you don't believe me look in the JieW Testuneut utd see for yourselves. A church to-day is looked upen as a build ing where people go to worship, wad they arc namqd attg- epmi? of *Jw dc«4 tliej call these places God'e church, and thtv soy tiat God dwells therein, thin they do in opposition to Uikd'e word, which says, 'Xhe most High dwejlethnot in temples made with hande.' Act£ YiX, 47-49, XVII., 2), hcncc Paul eaU ; 'Know ye not that tout body U the temple of God ?' 1st C'JiT. JJL, ie i7J VI, 19 2nd Cor. VI., 16, Eph. n., 19 to 22, Ube word 'church' means assembly, in proof of which I wish to draw your attention to Paul's statement: 'And he (the Christ) is the head of the body the church.' C<J> I., 18-24 ; for further proof see 1st Cor. XIV., 23, Gal. I., 13. Having given sufficient proof of uliat the 'church' is, nothing remains but to see what the al tar jg. The Christ is the altar, as will be rku on reference to Hebrews XIII. 10 to 10\. That bang so. It will be seen at once bow incongruous altar lights would be as an ornament of the church. Note the difference between the Church of God and the Church of England, the one is * corporate body t>f many members, 1st Cor. Xll12-14 ; the other is a wooden build ing ; Uie one lias a living altar by whom they offer their eacriflca of praise to God, Heb. XIX,, 1ft, llie other bas ■& wooden altar with lighted candles, from which a human appointed priest officiates. Tie hop? of the Church of God is in the resur rectinn of the {lead through faith In the Christ Jems. 1st Cor. XV,, 13 to 19. The clergy of the Church of England through their doctrines deny the resurrec tion of the dead. (Mr Smith, that ap plies to you too !) To daiy that is to deny one of the main principles of the faith once for all delivoxad unto the saint*. The true church has only one God, and one mediator between God and man, the man Christ Jems ; 1st Tim. II., The Church of England Ws a triune God, God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, Three Gods, yet not three God?, only one, that is what I term a church puzzle. I may have some thing to say on thU pmzlg late* onr In vain do they worship God, tcaching for doctrines the commandments of men. Matt. XV*, ©.—-Yours etc. s *BIBLE STUDENT/ 