Sermon for Sunday. Method and Music, or the Art of Happy Liying, . . . By Late Bev. 0. H, , Sturgeon. . , And whatsoever yo do in word or deed, do nil in the name of tlio Lord Jesus, Riving thanks to God and tlio Father by Him. -Coloaians lit 17 In tlio text wo have an instance of the' terseness, brevity, and clearness of Divino prccopts. Hero is a law applicable to every boliovor— to ofory action, word, and thought, in ovcry pluce,, under all circumstance , and yot this comprehensive command is expressed in very few words As the mariner's compass or iho pole-star to tho mariner, so may the text be to us. Here is an infallible dircotory ns to tlio way 'of holiness; a judge whoso decisions in tho matter of righteousness and truth uono need distrust. » - 1\. Hero is holy walking described. "What soovor yo do in word or deed, do in tho name of the Lord Jcsn." This rulo can only bo practised by tho rogenerato. You must, bo in Christ .before you can - do any thing in Christ's name. Until your nature is renewed, until you liavo submitted yourselves unto tho righteousness of Christ, until Christ bus formed in you the hopo of glory, you ore not capable of walking after this high and hallowed fashion. " You must be born again." Tho prccopt demanding your immediate attentiou is not tho precept of this text, but another ; tho words of Peter, in the Acts of tho Apostles, are for you— " Repent, and be baprisod every one of you iii tho namo of Jesus Ohrisfc for tho remission of sins, and yo shall receive tho gift of tbc Holy Ghost"; or this, "Believe on the Lord Josus Christ, and thou ehalb'bo saved." You must begin:at tho beginning. It will but mislead you if I exhort, you to walk as believers before you have received the inner life. Tho root roust be changed before the fruit can be bettered. You need a radical change, and you must have it, or perish ever- lastingly. To those of you who have sub mitted yourselves to His governmeut, and are trusting in Him for salvation, lot me say— you as a Christian are bound to offer daily praise ; you should often lift up your heart in grateful songs and psalms to God, but sco to it that you do all this work of praise in the name of the Lord Jesus. No praise of yours can t»e sweet with God except it be presented through your great High Priest. Bring therefore your gift of thankfulness to this altar which sanctifiuth the givor and the gift, and ever bless God through Jesus Christ. You are also to abound in prayer ; it is your vital breath. You cannot flourish as a Christian unless you constantly draw near, to God in supplication, but yoar supplications must always bo presented through the name of Jesus Christ. His name gives prevalence to prayer ; it is not so much your earnestness or sincerity as His precious blood that speaks in the ears of Goa and intercedes for you. Pray ever, then, with your eye upon the finished Propitiation and tlio living Inter cessor; ever plead tho merit of Immanuel, and heaven's gate shall opon to you. In addition to your prayers and praises, you are bound to servo Him, according to the abilities intrusted ' to you, in teaching the ignorant the wny of .salvation, in bringing in tho un converted, and in edifying tho saints ; but remember thUt your service to God in theso respects can only be acceptable as you present it "through the name of Jesus Christ. The hand of 'the Crucified Ono must offer for you the sweet cane which you have bought with s money, and tho fat of all your sacrifices. If you could giro to God all you possess, all tho time of your 'mortal existence, all the talents with which you have been endowed — if you could do this henceforth without a failure, yet if you did not present tbo offering' through Jesus Christ, it would bo as though you had dono nothing ; your burnt offerings and wholo burnt offerings would have no uccopt auco with Jehovah, for your sinful nature pollutes them all. Wc shonld do all under tho sanction of the Lord Jesus us. our Bxomplar. It would be well for us if when wo And ourselves in circumstances of perplexity wo asked our selves the question, "What would Jesus Christ have dono if Ho were in my circum stances?" The answer to that quostion is tho solution of your difficulty. Whatever Ho would have done, it will bo safe enough for "you to do. Why, you must bo safe, you must be accepted, if you do 'as Jesus did; for never cnu Christ's example lead a simple soul astray. " 'Tis always safe for souls to follow on Where Christ, their holy Shepherd,' leads the way." We should do all in the name of the Lord Jesus, for Ho should be tho element in which we live. It is said of the modem Greeks that whatever may be their faults mentally, they are faultless physically,' for you never saw a Greek peasuut" in an ungraceful attitude, however much ho might be off bis guard and unconscious of your gaze. Gracefulness is a part of the Grcok nature. So let tho Lord Jesus Christ bo so woven and intertwisted into your very self that you cannot be other wise than Ohristlike under any circumstauccs. Lord, grant us this. It would be a glorious thing to be saturated through with tho spirit of Christ, so as to livo Christ evermore. 2\. We find in the second part of the toxb holy music prescribed. " Giving thanks unto God and tho Father by Him," Soldiers murch best to battle when the trumpet and drum ex cite them with enlivening strains ; tho mariner brightens his toil by a cheery ory at every pull of the rope ; and it is an excellent, thing when Christi&u; men know how to sing as well as to work, and minglo holy music with holy servico. The bst music of a Christian con sists in thankfulness to God. Thanks should bo rendered by the belicvor with all tho acts common to men. Our eating, our drinking, our social meetings,. our quiet conversing one with another — in all we should givo thanks unto God and the Father. This we should do in the labours peculiar to our vocation. Whatever your trade and calling may be, if you cannot sing aloud, you can sing in your hearts while . your bands are busy ; yon can ring out tho praises of God as well to tho sound of the hammer on tho anvil ns to tho peal of the organ ; your feet at tho sowing machino may beat time to a sacred tune ; you can as well praiso God while you crack your whip as when you sing to a psalm tune. Why not ? If tho heart be right, you can mount up to the heavens from any place or labour. What ever your calling may be, you shall find something to help you to magnify God, if you will but use a spiritual eye to discover it. Wo ought especially to praiso God iii tho oxcroise of our religion. Whenever the assemblies of God's people meet, there should bo inuoh of holy joy. Some poople are so afraid of joy that ono might suppose them to labour under the delusion that all who are devout must also bo unhappy. If we wor shipped Baal, to lanco ouraolvea with knives were most fitting ; if we were worshippers of Juggernaut or Kalee, self-inflicted tortures might be acceptable; but as we worship the over-blessed God, whoso delight is to mako His creatures happy, holy happiness is a part of worship, and joy in the Lord one of the accepted graces of the Holy Spirit. Brethren, let- us ho happy when we praiso God. I hnvo noticed with pain the way in which people will got rid; if tney can, of happy words out of their hymns. The hundredth Psalm runs thus— " All people that on earth do dwell, Sing to the Lord with cheerful voico ; Him serve with " What ? Well, some dover folk modernise it into— " Him serve with fear." But, as I belicvo, the oldor form isr- "Him serve with mirth. His praise forth tell ; Come ye before Him and rejoice." I wonder some other scribe did not cut out tho word "cheerful," and put in — "Sing to the Lord with doloful voice." In this way tlio psalm might have been "improved " until there would not have been a grain of worship left in it. I mean to sing it, "Him sorve with mirth", and with a glad and merry heurc will I pruise my God. If you are His child, rejoice in your Father's presence ; if you aro pardoned, re joice in the mercy that washed. away your sins ; oven if you are tired and troubled, yet rojoico that your aflliotions are working together for your good. " Rejoico in the Lord always." The text tells us under what aspect we should regard God when we are thus thanking Him : " Giving thauks unto God and tho Father," blessing Him that He ntands in that relation to us as well as to the Lord Jesus. Tho belief in the Hi vine Fatherhood will surely make the sons of God happy. Wo love Jesus Christ for dying for us ; we forget not the Holy Spirit because Ho dwells in us. It is the Fsthor who stands at tho back of all in the eternal purpoo ; it is tho Father who gavo the Sou to die; it is tho Father who justifies us through the righteousness of Christ, and adopts us into His family. The Father is equally to bo loved and worshipped with the Spirit and tho Son, and through Christ Jesus we should come to God, the terrible God as He was to us in our ungodli ness, and worship Him as tho Father now with, thankful joy, because of tho mercies wo have received. The gist of this second precept is that yon stir up your hearts, my dear friends, to the cultivation of a cheerful spirit Oh, ye that love the Saviour, do not neglect thin. " Whoso offeretli praiso glori- Uoth God." Glorify Him, then. This praise, this cheerful spirit, wins on others. .Thoy, innrkiug liow you givo thanks, will bo attracted to your Saviour and your God, while you wilt strengthen your selves also, for " the x joy of the Lord is your strength." Despondency and murmuring will hamper you in all your efforts to glorify Christ, but to maintain an inward spriug of thanksgiving is one of the best ways to keep yoursoives in spiritual health. God help you to carry this out. " Work and praise ! Hearts upraise 1 Drink your fill of joy ! Happy thoy who all tho day Spend in Christ's employ." 3\. A few words upon the third point- namely, tbo holy motive to be inscribed upon our hearts to secure obedience. Beloved in Christ, you have received all you, have from- God tho Father through Christ. That you are not in hell is duo to His long-suffering : that you have been spiritually quickened is due to His gracious operation ; that you are pardoned is duo to His precious blood. Owing all to Him, what arises in your mind hut grutitudo ? And , what Is the dictate of gratitudo ? Docs it not teach you that it is your reasonable service to surrender your selves to Hira who bought' you at such a price? For, ah, what a return it will be! how poor compared with what He has done for you ! If you give your body to be burned for Him, yet He deservetb infinitely more than all the sacrifice of tbo most painful death to recompense His stoop from highest glory to the cross of deepest woo. Let your grati tude compel you to do everything for Jesus. Lustly, I need not thus plead with sorao of you, for your hearts are pleading with you. J know you love Him whoso namo is an oint ment poured forth ; I know how tho tendrils of your hearts have ontwined themselves about His Cross. His person fixes all your love ; you are only happy when you are walk- iug in communion wire Him. He iB the sun of your soul, without whom you cannot live. Well, then, do what love dictates. Bring forth tho alabaster box of ointment, break it, pour tbo sacred nard upon His head, und if any ask, " Wherefore is this waste?" say that He is worthy of it, and that you love much because you have had much forgiven. This day bring forth the bet that is within your store, tho spiced wine of your pomegranate, and set it before your Lord, while Jesus sups with you 'and you with Him. Again I say, arouse your selves to live at a more vigorous rate, and lot the whole of the force and enorgy that dwells within you, and all that you can borrow from tho soventh heaven, bo given up to Him who lovod you and gavo Himself for you. Hay my Master's blessing bo with' those words to all who hoar or read them, for Jesus' . sake. Amen. 