THE WOES AND WORRIES OF WOMEN. ? ? * ? ? ? «? ? \- .. . - (By 'BOONDI.') ft (HIDE preparing fA ito pen an epistle _ ; . « I §/M on the woes and jrfsj&vI;/MVi [fs| women, the de ' (sl»\ 1 1 &?/?? -Dressing thought occurs that I anust necessarily ?labor under con siderable dis lv&dvantages; both 'of a moral and physical nature. In the first place, I am not ia, w o m a n — to any very great extent. In the second place, I ? 'have never been a woman, so far ' as my own per sonal knowledge is concerned, though, of ' course, I may : have been the Oueen of Sheta. or the Mother of the Grac chi, or the Second Mrs. Tanqueray, or some Other woman of more or less respectability In some previous incarnation. This candid confession may lead some of my readers to assert that I should -not touch upon such a ticklish topic of woman's -woes at all, but if taen were debarred -from holding forth upon . all subjects which 'they did u-ar. 'thoroughly understand, three-par.ts of our public men might as well retire to an asylum for the dumb at once. Besides, 'I really do know a little about women and Some of their .Wiles -and ways — a-t any raite, I can tell a 'petticoat -from a picture hat, and I can dis tinguish the symptoms of unrequited love from those -winch point to 'biliousness, or cramps in the stom!ach, or most other in ternal disorders. In strict confidence. I may further state' that I pride myself upon two things only — I am a good judge of horses, and I know a good woman when I see one also. ? 'This is only natural, how ever, for most Australians are 'born -with a horsey disposition, and, in judging by points, the standard for a faultless horse is vep-y like that which determines a shapely ?woman. Will Ogilvie 'was hit with a di vine inspiration 'when he coupled fair iwoimen with grey horses. To describe, even 'briefly, all -the -woes and worries of woman, a man would require a sheet of paper as large as the world itself, a pen as long as the North Pole, and t'he 'Atlantic Ocean for an ink-pot ; 'consequent ly, my little list Tvill naturally- be some what imperfect. The man who looks upon ?woman as an inferior sort of being; as. something 'which science, assisted by a couple of' cog-wheels and a kerosene tin. full of liquified air, or some other devilry, will soon render -needless, is more kinds of an ass than I have time to enumerate at pre sent. Men are continually declaring that ?women are a't the bc-tiiom -of all the world's troubles, but, as a set-off against that, it should be remembered that women are also at the top of all the world's greatest joys. Without woman the world would be of no imore -use to man tihaai a sky without a sun —a footless sock without a 'leg. Were it Dot for woman 'the .world 'would have ended ?with the death of A'dam, and the fervid Irish orator meant Tjetter than he spoke ?when, in a fine 'burst of impassioned elo quence. he exclaimed : 'Gintilmin ! Where ?would you be — where Toulri I be — 'where ?would any man be to-dav if he didn't have a motiher ?' Kate Field voiced a grealt truth VKlien she said : v_ ''They talk about a woman's sphere As though it had a limit, There's not a place in earth or Heaven, There's not a task to mankind given, There's not a 'blessing or a woo, ?There's not a whisper 'ye s' or 'no,' There's not a life, a death, a birth, There's not a feather's weight of worth, Without a woman in it.' * * * * A job-lot of 'women were worrying through a five o'clock tea, pretending to like the ei-ghtpence-a-pound 'Souchong,' and 'wondering, fearfully, if they ?would sur vive the cake, when, by some strange chance, the chatter turned to the 'hateful subject of men, and a sharp-featured dame severely said : 'One half cf women's wor ries is caused Tjy the husbands they get.' 'Yes,' sighed a sweet young thing of some forty-nini* Summers, and a like amount of very frosty Winters : 'Yc's, and the other half is caused by the husbands that they don't get.' 'It's the other 'way about with men entirely,' chipped in a portly matron, -who tad planted two husbands under the eod and was working the third 'in 'the same direction. 'A man never knows 'what hap piness is -until he marries.' 'And then It's too late,' was the sad thought which flashed over the mind of the on'ly man pre sent (the unwilling h'osr, who had to pay for the tea), but he wisely kept the re flection to himself. His trouble came up later on — about seven j Jiours later, when, just as he had snoozled j himself into a snug position for a sound, j much-needed sleep, ihis superior half yanked j half 'the clothes off him, and jabbing one of j her icy 'Trilbies' into the middle of his j epine to secure his attention, said, in a j Etern, stand-and- deliver tone: 'James, let j [us have a clear understanding about money j 'matters. 'Next week I've got to pay ? ' j 'I don't care a bans 'what you've got to pay !' shouted James, as he ima'do a grab at the clothes, and jammed his face against ?the ?wall ; 'I came to 'bed to sleep, not to do sums., or make financial statement's.' 'Oh, well, the money affairs don't matter £0 much, because I'll buy -what I want and Jrave the 'bills sent in to you,' replied Mrs. Bailey. 'I've got my own worries to gruel over. 'Now, where do you intend to take me to this Summer ? What's that you Bay ? 'Take me to the 'devil !' Well, that ?wouldn't be very .much of a change, consi dering that I've lived, or rather dragged out an existence with ycu 'for thirteen years.' * * * * On the principle of 'aisy come, aisy go,' married women 'should ha?ve few 'worries of a monetary nature, as (I presume) every husband keeps his iwife 'we'll supplied with spare cash — otherwise what's the use of a husband at all ? This unbounded gene rosity on the part of the husband probably accounts for woma.n's ignorance of fiscal affairs, and the easy, off-handed style in ?which she lets money flow through her fin gers like water through a sieve, as Tve find . exemplified in the tale told of the careful bridegroom who gave his bride the funds to open a banking account on their wedding morn and asked her to 'keep he.r own ac counts, 'but to show him her bank pass-book at the end of every seven days. That ad jmirafole little plan lasted exactly one 'con- eecutive' 'week. iAt the end of that time the proud young 'husband took his fair partner's book and read as follows : ''Aug. 21, banked £50. Aug. 22, spent it all !' * ♦ 3 * ? The Press Bazaar probably had that little ttoitv, and, perfiaps. heaps of Others to answer for; but it did not drive all women Into ruinous extravagance, as the following absolutely true story clearly proves. A {Perl in Pink -was baSliin'g up as many vic Jttms as she cvuld secure to do a mild ('gg.Twlhy lor a pretty scent satchel — 30 anctrtfbsiis at one penny each — (when two Sadies stopped her, and the first lady said : ?''That as very neat Indeed, amid I ?w&tnA; a 'J3W btfitles of scernt If I were quite gnr& of winning I'd take a thmw.' ' Chfn'co it.' advised the setaooid lady. 'Yc, l're f-ra!'.y lucky, and it would he awfully nice -to get that lor a penny.' That Seared oft all the first lady's scruple3, and Ssitef a deal o2 ftiss and cjonfeuitaiblan albout Soeky namhers the peony was paid and the gentry duly niade.- (H&If-ait-hOTir; later the fr-wfeii dame cornered lthe iPeSnl, and Edtae U- ? ? - what sharply said :' 'Wnax about that scent satchel ? You know I paid for one throw.' '-'Oh, yes,' replied (the Peri, 'that's all right, ^ but I have only ten members as yet.'. 'That's very -annoying,' returned the prudent party, ''because I -must go home by 'the 10 o'clock .train.'- 'Suppose we waited for the 10.30,' suggested the lady friend. 'Well, if I we're sure of winning, ' remarked the first lady, with a long, mean ing look at the Peri ; 'but there's nothing sure at these bazaars. I really think they cheat alt times.' 'I. couldn't let the satchel go under thirty members,' said the Peri, 'and I aim afraid I -won't 'get it off till to morrow night.' 'In that case,' .returned the charitable damsel, stiffly, 'you had bet ter return my money ; I .can't wait here all ?night.' And then she actually took back the penny and flounced out with the air of one who considered' that she should have received a ha'penny interest for the time the Peri had the penny in her pocket ! As I before remarked, the a'bove is an actual fact ; but luckily for the 'Consumptives' Home' anci all other charities, there are very few women who take such remarkably fine care of their pennies as the particu larly prudent party in question does. » # * * Three parts of women's (worries are un doubtedly caused by society shams and fashion fads, but to offer any sound advice on this portion of my subject would be about as sensible as to make a mermaid a present of a shoe- horn on her birthday. It was t'he same with the woman of the Cave - dwelling Age, who longed for a dog-skin kilt as ardently as the 'woirnan of to-day yearns for a seal-skin saque, and it will be the same when women get to Heaven and begin to rub each other's 'white wings between their fingers and thumibs to test the quality or ask their male angelic part ners : 'Is my halo on straight ? Don't you think I ought to -get a new pair of wings for Christmas ?' Of all flusterfications which flutter the feminine mind that which springs from '.'calls' and their attendant miseries is probalbly the source of more annoyance to women than any other which they have to contend against. To rate the 'calling' trouble at its proper value, one Would require to 'be a woman, and not !being of the superior sex myself, 'I have been compelled to 'go abroad in search of information on this sultry subject. Luckily I read an able account of ithe affair not long ago, and the main facts of the case joggled along as -follows : * * * * Women ?who have nothing much to do exteept to call on others 'and be called upon in return, probably do not suffer at all from the 'calling' nuisance — some may even en joy it — bu't the custom often acts worse than an earthquake on a middle-class family that has high 'aspirations, but is too low in funds to.'bealble to support a 'special day.' Just at the exact psychological moment 'when a visitor is least desired — when even the angel Gaibriel would be allowed to knock and ring and peep through the keyhole and front windows and 'try' the 'back gate without anyone making the ghost of an appearance to 'give him a welcome — just at that dread juncture 'the door-bell rings loud enough to wake the dead in Lapland. (Every in mate of the house is immediately thrown into a state of the 'wildest alarm, and even the family cat cornels down 'from the couch where it has been 'dreaming 'the happy hours away,' arid with a pained look iwhicli plainly says : 'This is no place for me,' slinks dohvn the yard in the direction of the . washhouse. All the members of the flab bergasted fa'mily literally fall 'over each other in their wild rushes to sight the in-., judiciious caller and 'get things straight,'' as Materfamilias says, before anyone goes near the door. For five minutes or so mad rus'hes'are made to pick up loose papers, ar range curtains, shut the doors Of rooms which the eldest daughter declares, with more asperity than truth, are 'always like a pigstye.' beat up and straighten cushions, bundle' old .hats, broken toys, and miscel laneous rubbish into friendly corners, clout the ears of n'aturally inquisitive and 'some what geared younger children, and clean up in general before the tattered servant-girl, with her wiry hair in curling- pins and her red heels sticking out through her stock ings-(to see -if Wragge's opinion Was right about 'the weather) is allowed to open the door, and with as much dignity as her r.v/ful 'get up' 'will allow, invite the well anathematised caller into 'the 'best' room. ? » » » When the maid retires the visitor is left to her fate, and while taking stock of the furniture, and making mental notes of the repairs../:: fleeted by the 'handy-man' hus band, and how judiciously the carpet has been turned by the equally handy wife, her ears will probably -be regaled 'by the sounds of more Scuffling in secret, and short, sharp whispers of 'Who is it, Mary ? Good Heavens ! That old gadabout, Mrs. Jabber well, again ! I wonder she doesn't bring her bed along and stay here altogether.' 'And,'; cries another voice, 'she's got her freckled-faced brats with ner, of course; at any rate, she's got her 'dear little Budge' — that young imp who always has two inches o£ toffee on his hands and face, and six inches of mud on his -boots and paws, and walks over everything. Whatever shall we do ??' '1 dunno, mum !' chips in the maid, who has been standing in a dazed state in the hall. 'Who's talking to you ?' and a stern command to go down to the kitchen and 'make herself something like a human being,' are all the rewards poor Mary re ceives for her sympathetic remark, and off she shuffles, glad enough to get clear of the confusion. * * * * A lull of a few minutes ensues, and then if the caller's ears are good, she will hear more scurrying round, and a peevish voice will say: 'Of course she must co'ne when I look like a fright ! ' And now I'll Have to stop my work and dress to go in and hear her prate for an hour about 'Bobby's ring worm, and Cissy's croup, and Mr. Jabber well going up for alderman, and the last 'Mother's Meeting' ' 'Hush, Mamma ! She'll hear you. That -woman's ears are pretty near as long as her tongue.' 'Oh, I don't care whether she hears or Hot; but I suppose we'll have to go in, and the sooner we do the sooner she'll go, so spruce your selves up, girls, and get it over. Ten minutes later the hostess and her daughter sweep Into the reception room 'dressed in their best, and receive the visitor with kisses, and hugs, and smiles, and a general gush that would paralyse tha prodigal son himself. 'Dear little Budge,' who has acted up to his reputation of leaving traces of the sugary hands and muddy boots all over the room, is welcomed so warmly that he feels that he must do something in re turn, and so be wipes his boots in the lap of the hostess, and his fingers in the other ladies' hair, and in a rash attempt to stand on his head, by way of showing what he saw at the circus, topples over a costly vase and smashes into a thousand pieces; a feat which causes the owner 'to mentally re mark (and perhaps fervently hope) 'that young wretch will come to the gallows yet,' while his mamma smiles sweetly, and sage ly remarks, 'Children are so verv imita tive !' For a time the conversation flows as slowly as soapsuds down a choked- up sewer, hut a congenial topic is struck at last, and presently all the ladles are talking at the same time. 'Budge' gets a chance to work off some fresh mischief, and by the time tea Is served everybody is as happy as a flock of chickens in a worm paddock. Finally the caller takes her leave, and then the family she honored wonders -what on earth she called for, Budge's devilry is dis covered, and - as 4316 hostess 'sheds' her finery, and hauls on her old clothes once mtare, she firmly declares thait of all ?woman's ?worries, those, caused hy unex pected callers are the very worst. Nexft day she dons her own -warpaint and trots off, and makes someone else as miserable aa she ?has 'been made herself. 