THE STaEYTELLEü SHE WOULD BE A LAD Y. By-H. B. F. K rScBBnB,'-A large but bately-fur nished studio. Afii'wrsr Ferbehb is Sainting neiTonsIy, with his eyes wall- ering to the clock. He puts down "his palette and brushes and begins to walk about anxiously.] Aylwin. --1 wonder whether she'll come f An English girl wouldn't say a thine like that without meaning it, and meaning a good deal by it ; but these Americans al« so different. I daresay she was only chaffing me ; or does she want me to paint her, after all P Ah, I'd Ho that for love gladly enough-but for business! We'd, I can't afford to be Îroud. Thai: infernal money! If ßhe adn't «o »new and I so little I--I'd chance it j hut the last of the Feireis can't afford io let the girl he loves for it's come to that-think him a foi tnne-hunter. (He**' looks up at a fine portrait of an Elizabethen nobleman on the wall,) Look at the old Chancellor looking atme. How he must despise, his "feeble descendant! I can't stand those eyes severe and that beard of for-, mai cut to-day. .{He draws a curtain .«verthe picture) ,* With your permission, suv Lord. I wish, to spare your Lord- ship the humiliation of seeing tbe last of your family fishing for a commission.r (Footsteps outside.) By Jove ! ehe is come, after all. Rapture! (There is a knock at the door ; be flies to open it, and a ypuug woman enteis. She íb pretty, and a little over-dressed; and seems in high spirits.) * An.wri5r.--Ab, Etes Bangs. This is an almost unexpected pleasure. (They slake bands) "Mies BAHG8.-Well, I said I was coming, didn'ifc If AYtwiN.-Yes ; but I thought it was too good to be true. Miss B--Ob, jon don't know us Americans. Our word's our bond especially when we're given it to do so me- thing we like. ' « AyiiWin.--Fm sure I ought to be very much flattered by tbe suggestion. Miss B.>-Ob, you mustn't Satter yourself too much,, After ali, a studio's only a kind of store where they sell' pictures. ""** Avuwra" {very efcifly)-I beg your pardon ; it's no such «ling. Miss B,-You needn't look so haughty. There's -nothing to be ashamed of in keeping a store. What else does Poppa do P Not lint what I rather like you like that. You "Englishmen bave a way of stiffening your backs that our men can't endure ; but we girls don't seem to mind it a little bit. Ayswik-Why not the girls, too P Miss B.-Oh, I guess we can take the starch out of you when we like. Atlwtn (recovering his temper).-My dear Miss Bangs, one glance from you would take the stiffening out of the most impenetrable ahirt-fiont that was ever sent bpme. Miss B -Do you think so P Well, it's very nice of you to say it And now suppose -we come to business. AïIiWiïj.-BnsinesBl Hateful word from lips like yours. Miss B.-Perhaps you won't say that when you've heard what I'm going to say. I didn't come beie for a flirtation, you know. Asxwin -How can you have the heart to tell me that P Miss B--Because it's true. I came beie because Ï want you to do something for me, Aylwïn (disappointed).-Cbarmed, I'm sure. Miss B. (peeping about the studio). You don't seem to be absolutely over- crowded wijÊh older« just now. Asrwiw (sbndderinp;, to himself). Orders! (Aloud) Well-eh-no; not jttBt now. (With the impudence of a shy man.) I believe I could find time to do your portrait. , Miss B.-Gould you find time to do me half-a-dozen portraits P Atlwxk (amazed) -Half-a-dozen portraits? - Miss B.- Ye-es (considering). From that toa dozen. Atiíwin.--I¿ different costumeB^P MISS'S.-HeaveuB, Mr. FerreíaJ* How stupid men are bl don't mean of my- self. Plow -vain you must think me. Aylton {bowing J Notunpardonably Bo, surely. Miss $3 (curtseying). - How pretty ! "No, the fact is - can you keep a sec retP Atiwut.- My absolute ,trastwortui ness has\passedinto awoveib. Misb B~WelI, the fact is, that I've "brought Poppa .over here to bunt up ©nr family - for »that, and nothing »else. Atlwik.-Ah;/ very interesting pur tfliit, I'm sure. 'v * Misb B.-WäU, it might be if we'd hadanyiuck.butwe haven't Poppa's solitary ancestor. <« It doesn't look a¿^$, *her* had«ver teen any Bangs of the .«ast account since the creation ef tbe ?world until be made Mb modest pile. " Aratm^Îwitliy polite insincerity). Good old Saxon'natue too, I should think. Miss B^r-íSaxon ? I always though it' Norman. mjMf}-b uti ¿ai eBay you know fltaé best. ' Well, Poppa's for giving up the ¿thole tbing. Efe's quite disheartened aboutit, and doesn't seem to mind going . -'" '"?F" "«? ' " ?--******** back ana1 saying so. Bat (hat: isn't nu way of doing things. When I want a thing, I get it-somehow.^ Nov-.-i'm hound io have a whole set of" ancestors, and as Ï can't get theuv'way other way you've got to paint them for me. Ayivwia, - "What P Imaginary por- traits of men who never existed P" Miss B.-But they did exist. I must have had some ; and you'll only be doing for them -what they'd have done for themselves if they'd known Poppa was coming along with his pile and mo. AvtjWIN (humouring her) -Well, what shall they be likeP Miss B-I think I'd like to begin with a Crusader-the armour's bo sweet A Pirate might do, but a warrior of some sort I'm bound to have, because a friend of mine, Mamie Sltnkins's mom- ma's father was a Knight, and I mean to see her at least, if I can't go any bettor. AyXiWIN (solemnly).-My dear Miss Bangs, I regret to inform you that it can't be done. Miss B.-Why notP I suppose you know what an ancestor's like, don't you P AYiwm-Ob, perfectly well; I've .plenty of my own, if t that's alK Mies B. {in amazement).-You have ? )A.ylwxs. -r Any quantity - if ~~ I've nothing-else. MJSs B,-ButI don't mean that sort of ancestors; i mean Knights and Grand Dukes and Lord Chamberlains and classy people like that. AYiwrN.-I'm afraid -we don't run to Grand Dukes, but I can show you a Lord Chancellor, if you like. (Draws back the curtain from the -picture.) Per- mit me to introduce sou (bowing io the portrait). Míbb Bangs of New York my grandfather nine times removed. Miss B.-My goodnessT Isn't he , majestic.? Say, Mr. Ferrers, how many j of them have you got P I Aylwin,-Ob, a whole gallery. Mies B.-Not here ; I don't see any. AYiwnr.-No, they're nearly all in a warehouse. But I've photographs of them. Miss B.-But where'e the country house that goes with tbem, with the ivy and the ghostand the huntsmen outside in the snow with the dogs f AyIiWiN.-Still downïn Herefordshire; but my father sold it before í was born. Miss B. (aB if were a matter of course), -Good business. I suppose P Aylvwiet.-Very bad business ; don't let ub talk of it, Perhaps you'd like to see some more of these old. sportsmen. (He hands her some large portfolios of photographs, which she opens eagerly.) Miss B.-Oh, heavens!" What a lot of swells i (She gazes at a picture in rapture.) What's thisP Design for a patchwork bed-quilt P Aylwin( with modest pride.)-Our full shield with all the qnarterings-thirty seven, all told. Miss B. (more impressed than she will admit.)-Looks like a poulterers' ! shop window with all these ueaste and birds stuck in it. (She takes another.) Ah, now ! this is sweet. I should like an ancestor just like this hero. A Knight of the Garter, no doubt P Aylwin.-No, only one of Marl borough's generals. They gave him an Irish peerage, though ; but he's only a collateral. Miss B.-Was that all P I thought he had such a high-toned look. I sup- pose you only keep him for that lovely wig and breastplate,-thenP. (Returns to the portfolio, and for hali-an- hour keeps up' a running <fire of compliments. At last «he closes the book with a sigh). Well, I guess, it's jost heavenly to have a full line of ancestors like thai. Now, Mr, Ferréis, What's your price for the lot- originals, of course P Aylwin. - My price ? I don't think I quite follow you. MissB -Yes; Whynot?I'm bound to have a gallery ; and now I've seen the real thing I'm not going to put up with spurious imitations Name the price, and Poppa shall send you a cheque. Aylwin,-I'm afraid they're not for 6ale-even to you. Miss B. ' (annoyed). Then what on earth aie they foi ?" Your children P Aylwin -If I should ever have any ; but they're for my,wife first-if I should "ever^have one. (He' sighs and .looks un- utterable things.) They're about all I should have to give her. A Miss B. (disappointed). - Oh! Are you engaged, then. Aylwin.-Oh, no. (He sighs again.) Nor likely-to be. We're as poor as rats now, you know. How can I ask*ny_gfr! to-; hut never'mind that,- " - Miss B.-Never mind what P Are you: spoons on any ghi? - . Alywin (fervently).-Spooneï How can you use such a wordP , Miss B".-Very good word, isn't 4b P Aylwin.-Not toapply to my feelings towards the prettiest phi in the world, and the cleverest and the nicest in every way. Miss B.-All that at once P Is she spoons on you P Aylwin.-Ah, how can I tellP I'm afiaid not. **« MiSb B. (with exaggerated unconcern). -By asking her, I should think. (To herself.) I suppose these ancestors are all genuine. Aylwin (eagerly).- Do you tell me to tay my fortune P Miss B.-Why, certainly. She can but say no. Aylwin.-Ah, but if she should! Never mind ; PÜ take you at your word. (He takes her hand.) Miss Bangs Samoena-that is your name, isnt't itP \--wül you many me P It's you I'm in' loye with. Miss B.-Well, that depends. You're suie those are certified copieB of genuine ancestors of yours P Aylwin.--Absolutely. There are three pages of them in " Burke." Mi6S B.-And that old house is really for saieP Aylwin.-Twenty thousand will buy it, ghosts and all. Miss B. (after a pause.)-I can't resist that page. Aylwin-I guess we're just made for each other. I'll take your offer ; and if we don't make our old family just hum for the next three hundred years well Aylwin.-Well-what, dear P Miss B.-Well, call me a Britisher that's all. (They embrace tenderly.) The West Ena. THE LA SERENA. Broome, July 8. The 8.6 Franklin arrived here from Ade- laide on Saturday. Yesterday she took the La Serena in tow, and started with her to Sydney via Torres Straits. 