CHAPTER XVII. At Head of Night. The church clock struck two. The réverbéra- tion of the second stroke died away as she opened her bedroom door but an inch or two. She listen- ed. All was still. She opened it a little wider, listening yet. There was not a sound. The lights in the sitting-room were out, but the lire still burned brightly in the grate.. The flicker- ing flames illuminated the apartment by fits and starts-now dying away and leaving all in shad- ow, now flashing into fitful glamor, so as to throw particular objects into prominent relief. She drew her shawl about her closer. She had not realised that she was cold until she saw the fire. She hesitated; should she get some ol' its warmth into her veins before she went? It would be one more memory to carry away with her, her last warm at his fire. She went to it, leaning over and extending her hands. By the light of its llames one could see that she was no longer elad In the costume which she had worn throughout the day, with such pride in Its glory; she was once more in her rags. After a while, standing up, she turned her face towards the door of Blaise Polhurston's room. She passed the fingers of her right hand to and fro between her lips, as if in a paroxysm of nervous Irresolution. "I wouldn't wake him! I wouldn't wake him!" She repeated this to herself, over and ' over again, as if striving at self-conviction. She mov- ed quickly to the door. "Gentleman! Gentleman!" she whispered. There was passion in her voice, as well as pathos, and a wild despair. "Good-bye! I'd never have . been the kind of wife you ought to have, never: It's best like this-best for both of us. Gawd bless you! Are you dreaming of me?" There was a break in her speech; a sob in her throat. Bending forward, she pressed her lips against the panel. And that same instant the door was opened from within. The handle was turned with a sudden click, the door drawn right back upon its hinges, and Blaise Polhurston caine hastily striding into the room. The thing was done so suddenly that the «iii still had her lips pressed against the panels when, as it seemed, they were snatched away from her; she had no time to withdraw before Blaise Pol- hurston was pushing past. "Gentlemen!" she cried. Cowering, she shrank back against the wall. She expected him to turn upon her with reproaches; at least, to demand an explanation of her presence there. But he did neither. It was a minute or more before she realised that she was unperceived, that he ig- nored her utterly. When the consciousness that this was so began to down upon her she wat) filled with sensations of mingled wonder and awe. He was only partly dressed, having thrown a dressing-gown over his trousers and night-shirt. The dressing-gown, being unfastened, (lapped open as he moved, seeming to throw his 'tall, turn figure into ominous relief. His hair was dis- hevelled. He carried no light, but, as he entered, a cal fell down in the fire; the flamas shot up, as If in greeting. He moved to the centre, anl paused, the girl momentarily expecting him 'o turn, and discover her, wondering how he could have passed her undetected. Presently he began to speak-she perceiving with increasing surprise that it was to himself he spoke, apparently oblivious of the possibility of his being overheard. There was an odd quality in his voice-frenzy, agony, as if the words were be- ing wrung from him in clots of blood. The first word he uttered was her name. "Pollie! Pollle! Pollie!" three times over, In a crescendo scale. The girl, croucliing in the corner, began to tremble. What was coming? What was about to happen? It was strange to hear him call to her, as it seemed, from the depth of his heart, ne remaining1 all the time unconscious of her close propinquity. "She's HÜ How lil! Fallon down In tho stroot, and carried homo. Home! What a home. Hilli- er weakness, exhaustion-that's what it is. rnlil exp"M"'°. scanty clothing, no food-that's iho's laid her here. A doctor'd say, give her nleiity of nourishing food; good wine,-that's the medicine he'd prescribe for a case like tills. Yc ids!" he laughed-a laugh which set his hearer shivering. . , _,. \ flood of memory swept over her. She remem h/red how, during a spell of bitter weather, luck had cone dead against them; how, practically, for ,.vs'together they had had to go without fo-d howat last she had fallen in the street, and been horne senseless, to the garret which they called ¿"melbow he had returned, and found her still unconscious.- Was this time being brought back to his niKhtniare-haunted brain; so that, asleep, he «as enacting his dream befrre her eyes? So soon «s she suspected that this might be the case, her limbs seemed to become paralysed; as if spellbound, she continued to watch him. She saw him, by the flickering fire ight, drep mon one knee, and bend forward, as If stooping ner some object which he perceived to be in front of him- Extending his left arm, ho moved his hand, gently to and fro, Imitnttne; the gesture with which one smoothes a person's brow. "Pollie! Pollie!" With what tenderness ho nronouiieed the name! How her heart me'ted within her as she heard. "How cold you are! How cold-and how ."till! Pollie!" Again the clinging tenderness. The tears started to the lis- tener's eyes. "Wake up-open your eyes-look atnie, child! Tt's Gentleman! Don't lie so s i 1 -it's the first time I've asked you to look at mo in vain!" For a few second longer he continued th-> g?nt e movement of his hand. . Then his arm dropped to his side, as with a gesture of despair. "What shall I do? What shall I do? Starving! In this great storehouse of food!" He stood up, remaining motionless, with head a little bowed, as if looking down at the silent figure which was at his side. "Where shall T find the wherewithal with which to buy her food? I've begged- begged ! " He laughed-again that uncomfortable laugh which had set her shivering. "I've not found the pro- fits which they say the trade brings in. Perhaps that's because I am unpractised. There's no time to gain proficiency. I must get food for her to- night; and-for me. But how? How? W'th nothing how shall I get something? How? How?" She saw him shudder. He threw up his arms, as if. in so doing, he strove to throw from off his mind nome thought of horror. "What devils hunger makes of us! What devils! Or else it lays uß there!" He pointed to where he perceived the silent figure on the mattress at his feet. Turning, he began to move hurriedly, jerkily, to and fro, as if he was endeavoring, under pressure, to resolve a problem in his bewildered brain. Words came from bim in disconnected phrases. "There i,? llf>t time. I could not do it if there were. An hour or two, it may be too late. Money -money-at once, or not at all. They must bury, though, it seems, they are not forced to keep alive; that's how it stands." H0 paused, in his nervous movements, as if to consider. A name came from his lips, as if un- consciously. "Shapcotl ? Shapcott?" Then, a« if waking, all at once .to comprehension of the thing, which he had said, he extended his arms in a burst of sudden passion. "Curse him! Curse him! May hebe trebly damned!" Again ho dropped beside the imaginary pallet, this time on both his knees. "Pollie! Pollie!" There were tears in his \olce, which increased the streams which were pouring down the listener's cheeks. "Don't lie there so still- don't, don't! Open your eyes.-look up at me-speak to mo, Pollie, speak." But, apparently, his appeal remained unheeded. On his face, as revealed by the firelight, was an agony of supplication. "Pollie! Pollie! Pollie!" he murmured, over and over again. Then he sprang back to his feet, Avith a sudden access of determination. "She shall not die, that is certain; not if any action of mine can keep her alive. There are ways and means of getting money-always ways and means. I have heard it said a hundred thousand times-I know it of my own knowledge. Why should I stop to consider what things aro lawful «hen there's death to fight. Against that foe. all things are lawful. God know«! Death comes quick; he does not wait, cap in hand, for you to stand considering. You must beat him, with any wea- pon-yes, at once!-now!-or you'll be beaten; and that defeat there's no retrieving. God knows! I'll go at once to Shapcott, and I'll beg of him for her life." He hesitated, as if he had still not succeeded in m inging himself quite to the sticking point. Then, once more, knelt down. "Pollie, it's for you. God help us both!" He bent his head right over, as if ßtooping to kiss the face of the silent figure which w.as lying on the pallet. And. indeed, the listener seemed to feel his lips touch hers. When again he rose to his feet, his words and manner suggested that the scene in hiß vision had changed, as. in our dreams, scenes do change, Kith kaleidoscopic suddenness. His attitude as- sumed a rigidity of horror which it was unplea- sant even to contemplate. He stood so that the Are shone on his features; nothing in the expres- sion of his face, or in his bearing, was hidden from the girl staring, all trembling, from her corner. He looked like a man might look who sees a ghost; as if he were compelled to glare, wllly ni'l>'. at some object of horror, the mere sight of uhich froze the blood in his veins. As Pollie matched, something of the horror which held him as in a vyee passed from him to her, ßo that she became an involuntary sharer in his nightmare agony. He was staring downward at the floor, with Parted Ups, wide-open eyes, as if there were some- thing there to which his glance was riveted. He continued to stare so long, so flxedly, without moving, or, apparently, drawing breath, that his «rained pose began almost to suggest paralysis -some dreadful form of tetanus which held him rigid, (To be continued.) 