CHAPTER XXII. 7 70s the oponin^ night ox j$0) J tte Cavi ^ -** S53^i axe Theat re. Every one who knew any thing ab out tho mercantilo side of the stage had prophesied failure for the theat re, the piere, and the syndicate of the New Noodles who were running the whole thing. The New Noodles were a section of tho young nobility who had elected to raise tho stage to tho rank of the aristocracy, by mar riage and—other forms of patronage. '.Their announcement had crept into news papers of every grade, and been discussed in every drawing-room and boudoir. Society had done so many strange things of late that really it had aknosr thought of turning ** proper" by way of excite ment. Then it heard of'the Caviare Theatre, and grew once more interested. The name of tho first piece to be produced had been kept an entire secret. It was known to be the work of a new dramatist, and rumour had described it as daring' ana original beyond anything the stage had ever seen. Neither bribery nor corruption had been able to get beyond these bald statements. The rehearsals were conducted with a privacy that wa3 absolutely indelicate, and the names of tho actors and actresses were almost unknown. The Noodles had decided on being original, and so the morning newspapers contained merely the names of the theatre, the play, and the cast, but not the names of the per formers. They would appear only in the programme of the evening. It had at first been decided that no critics should be admitted; but the worthlessness of their opinion being too well known for any verdict to affect either the play or the public, the objection was waived, and the usual stall tickets forwarded. Every newspaper of any standing sent its representative. Ike ladles' journals, the fashionable magazine?, critical reviews, the great dailies, the weekly - world-wide circulators, all were there in the shape of shabby dress clothes, well worn black silks, notebooks and eyeglasses. X subtle excitement filled the atmosphere. The rustle of passing dresses, the perfumes of laces and flowers, the glitter of diamonds in the boxes, the gleaming busts and shonlden in the grand circle, made np an impressive picture of beauty and fashion and wealth. Society had actually altered its dinner hour, or foregone its dessert and coffee, in order to be in time for once. It had been informed that the interest commenced with the rising of tho cartain, and that late comers would not be permitted to disturb attention by getting to their scats over tho patent leather toes and trailing satins that were in the way. So, with a laugh and a shrug, and a good deal of grumbling, society had emulated the better manners of a less superior class, and been punctual. Five minutes before the prescribed houi the pretty little theatre was filled from floor to ceiling. Prohibition prices had kept the gallery free from the usual riffraff of orange suckers, and lovers of picturesque language. It was filled with a critical and attentive and highly curious audience—an audienci who could appreciate Ibsen, and had learnt to distinguish tho subtle difference between Bernhardt and Duse. Two boxes on the second tier had been converted into one. Many ores tamed curi ously towards it. It was there that the nyndicato would be enthroned, and a whispe? had circulated that among them was the author of the play. Six impassive faces moulded into a beauti ful vacuity of expression, six faultlessly fitting dress coats, and white satin cummer bunds. six exquisite buttonholes of the latest monstrosity in orchids, were framed by th$ cream mouldings and gold &Uk; hangings of the box. M The cynosure of all eyes, they bore five min utes of public scrutiny with the indifferent of statues. Not a flutter of interest ornorv otisncsa gave them away.. Six tailor's dummies could not havo behaved more creditably, or evinced loss excitement- Their languid gaze swept the house, surveyed that m/iKIa n-mt* rtf Hi nrfrf TTllf* I Iflt lfV»_ " noble army of martyrs yclept " The Critics, and then turned approvingly on each other. " and vet an ungrateful roobocracv calls us • useless.'" Conscious virtue wanned the waxen pallor of cheeks paled by tho arduous tashs of sccipry. The ghost of a feeble smile Jilted the waxed moustache ends to a le.«;s acute angle. Then the first bars of tho overture saundeJ, and a hush fell upon tho house- A weird melody throbbed through the darkness, and noiselessly the curtains parted on cither side ana showed the stage. A woman lay on a couch of leopard *kins in a rco;n that was the perfection of modern j upholstery in ali its details. The couch and I the figure Jeut a bfeaare touch to the prevail ing modernity. There was something fantastic and barbaric about them. Largo windows opened on to a wide balcony; in the background and beyond gleamed the blue r.nd goM of an Egyptian sky, - while a single palm reared itself against the paling rjso tints of sunset. The music wailed on. nor.* loud, now soft. On the nil was Kili'nce. Yet so exquisite was the picture, ro inrouse the interest in the moth less figure, that neither eye nor ear asked for aiiyihingmore. The dreamy repose and artistic stillness of such an opening aceuo made people ask them telvt s if, r.f:vr ail, it had been vase to put up to long with the conventional servant laying n table, or the pert chamber-maid whisking a feather tra?h over perfectly dustless furniture, what time they mouthed or gabbled over the opening business of the play as directed by the dramatist. Sj absorbed vrcre the audience in watching 'or what was to como that tliey failed to notice a seventh figure in the box of the wndieate. A inan had coine quietly in as ho curtain rose and taken a seat a little behind that stirlcs* gronp. No one spoke. Every eye was bent on tbat lovely indolent form, and a stifled sigh of ex citement burst forth as it moved, and raisin, itself on one arm, left bare by falling drapery, looked straight at the crowded house. Even then she did not speak. She seemed as one , awakening from a dream, spell-bound by its memories, aud half afraid of what the awakening might mean. Without, tho light dmkened with tho suddenness of eastern nights, but tbe room within grew ongnt ana Iho gleaming tissues of tbc woman'* dress flashed into showers of silver, as she suddenly sprang to her feet, and rushed to tho open window. A Nubian page, clad in scar lot and gold, entered by another door. Ho carried a letter on a golden fairer. Glancing rouud and seeing no one, he laid the letter on one of the inlaid tables scattered nlrout, and then retired. People began to look at each other. Was it going to be a dumb show—a play without words ? There bad" been something hopeful in tbc appearance of tho page and the letter. They were old *tage friends in a new dress ; but when the picturesque Nubian had nothing to my, and the letter faced them blank and tmad'ir.sscd they £tew restive, and a few eyes turned inquiringly to the box of the fir .dicato. But the very suspicion of a practical joke was banished by the calm and deep attention of that motionless group. The vulgarity of mere humour could find no entrance there. With a sigh of relief, attention returned to the "tage, uud the entiance of a man in com monplace tweeds struck a noto of modernity that onco moro aroused expectation. His brief speech, his ordinary lighting of a cigarette, his stroll towards the open window, and then the crude challenge of his greeting to the white figure leaning negligently against tbe rails^ signalised the oponing of the phy. It was disappointing that they should talk just like ordinary people, sbo from without, ho from within tho room, but the audieuco bad to learn, as scene followed scene, that juat the very things they had been ac customed to in tho stage translation of human actions were the things that the new play would have none of. Yet so brilliant was tho dialogue, so subtle the by-play, so skilful i the hints of dramatic interest,! of tho hidden ! savagery of human nature underlying tho culture and couriluiea* and even the con ventionality of the principal actors in the drama, that attention was claimed irresistibly. Tho part of the woman was marvellous. It was contradictory, impulsive, feminine with cruelty, fascinating yet repellent. A nature swayed by passing breaths of passion and regret, sowing tragedy with outstretched hands which men's kisses had scared. When the curtain fell a storm of appbiuso burst forth, as will, as impulsive, and as unlike the usual languid approval of a cul tured audience as tlfc play und the acting had been unlike any other play, or any other acting of modern times. 44 The woman is a revelation," mattered tho critics, thronging the foyer, thirsty and smoke-famished, by an hour of sclf-eora polled sacrifice. 44 A revelation!" they re peated, washing down the verdict with draughts of whisky and soda. 44 The play, of course, is impossible. Oh 1 quito impossible. But it has been written round her ; anyone could see that. Who is tho ? Anyone ever heard of her ?" No one had, until a small, still voice chir ruped in tho interests of its special journal, that surely she had played something— something quite unimportant in a play pro duced at the Dclphio romo time in the past year. Then references were made to note books or memories, and 44Jessica Lynch" might have found hersolf fnmous, could she haveplaycd tho part of listener. 41 Wonder why the nmn calls it 'The Opal'?" observed a tnll, thin individual. •Thero's nothing about an opal in. itV* j 1 M Perhaps that will come out in the second act," suggested another. ••Very "bad form.11 "Utterly against all traditions." "Dead fuilure on the face of " Neither form nor meaning." "Won't draw after the first week." Such was the verdict of the august body who had elected to be tho voice of the public, and believed tluy alone could feel its pulse and diagnose its weakness or its strength. Splendidly mounted, too. and wonderfully thought ont. Couldn't delect n mistake or anachronism, for a wonder. Who's done that?" *• Oh. tho author! He's one of those artistic Johnnies, don't you know," lisped a little man who had the car of ike clubs, and was intimately connected with a largo bill-broking firm, whose opinion of society was scarcely fit for publication. "Don't know him at all—never heard of him! Hicmore Clivc—norr» do guerre, of "linethimaboutayear ago," announced a deep voice. " He came to read that very phy to inc. ana l>cdad, a moro conceited and im v^runvut fellow I never met in the whole course of nielife!" J "What did he want to read it to yon for, : eh, RaiTcrty? Or is that one of your' stretchers? You didn't se;m to remember; the play a bit." ! " Because he's altered so much of it. I to'd him straight it would never do as, lie had it." "Ir's a wonder you didn't c-ffer to col laborate," sneered the little man. "Is ho in the house to-night?" asked "The Stage" autocrat. " Ycu might point uhu oat." i "I will," said Ra {forty. "I think I spotted him up in tho gallery. He's trying. to keep cut of sight." * "People seemed impressed," murmured; "The Era." j "Ob,northing new goes cown, jou Know, . announced the critic of the "Minerva," languidly. " Judt that odd way cf beginning gave them something to talk about.*' "Thore's the bell! It's mighty punctual they are for a fir*t night," grumbled Itaffertv, throwing aside a half-smoked cigarette. 44 I wonder if the opening of this act is going to bo as queer as the other f" "I thought you said you hud heard the play, observed 4 The Era.' " 44 Only the first act, and, bedad! 'twas near a case of wigs on the green after it, too. He couldn't argue and he wouldn't listen, and so ho got abusive. "Was it Tom Kafferty would stand being told he didn't know his own business? Not likely, und by a young upstart who hadn't learned the a, b, c of his trado! So ho had me opinion, and, bo jabers, if it's done nothing else it's kept him quiet for a twelvemonth." Then they filed hack to their places as the curtain rose. The beautiful complexity who was beloved by four men and married to one was again on the stage. Tho soene repre sented her boudoir in an hotel at Cairo. Sbo was going to a fancy ball as an Egyptian dancer, and bed taken it into her lovely erratic head that she must learu a oertain dance for the occasion. In order to acquire its techuique with perfect accuracy she bad engaged a professional danseoio from the Khedive's court to give her a lesion. A troupe of female musicians entered, play ing strange musio on still stranger instru ments. Then a dancer glided in, veiled and shrouded in semi-transparent tissues. A briof dialogue endued, then she threw them oaido and stood with bare sandalled ankles, swaying and twisting her lithe figure to the sound of the weird fantastic music. Tho strain grew quicker and more impassioned. The movements of the dancer answered its demands. She looked like a mist of white and eilrcr, rising, falling, twisting; her long transparent scarf flying here and therewith the rupid motion of her agile limbs. Suddenly, a sheet of flame hurst forth from the right wing of the stage. There was a; sudden cry, then a wild shriek of horror rent1 the stillness. The flying scarf was caught by the fire and in a moment the dancer was enveloped in flames. Tho audience sprang up like ouc man. There was a rush for tho doors, shrieks of terror rent the air, the whole stage was a glow of lurii brightness. The shrieks of the burning girl had been suddenly quelled, for tho actress recovering from a momentary paralysis of terror, had seized 1 the rug that lay on tho couch and wrapped it tightly round tho struggling figure. But meanwhile the flames were spreading. They caught at cobwebby tissues and fantastic draperies—all the. brittle, fragilo litter that had looked so artiatio a few moments before. In the midst of the wild commotion a man suddenly sprang from a box and clambered down to the footlights. The fire was as yet confined to one wing only. He pulled down the flimsy tissues, shouting orders and commands to the panic-stricken scene shifters, catching up tho rugs which lay on I the floor and smothering down the • burning ; mass by their means. Assistance was at band, and in a few moments the danger was over. But tho panic-stricken crowd in the houso wcro beyond hearing or reasoning with. Pushing, crushing, shrieking, they blocked tho doors and crammed tho passages, making useless all attempts to assist egress; mad ana blind in tho selfish struggle that is the one dominating rule of panic. 