THEY SAY.' That the returned alluvial defendants had a booming reception. That Hensman is the idol of the hour. || T That his Honor should retire, like lully, and contest a goldfields electorate with a view to the Premiership. That the honorary justices who took an enforced dose of Hensman's legal syrup feel rather rocky. That they should call on junior justice Cotter for a reviver. That, since his plucky action in the bail episode, the multitude now call him "Stand-firm" Smith, J.P. That universal regret is felt at the news I of n'/lAtmnnn'a /AnnitfutiA i — » wwuwii v uuiiuau o u&jaii; uui n That he has been an able champion of every good movement, from federation to fire brigades. That candidate J.'F. Moore nomina ted his own returning officer. That his action though probably un intentional looks rather doubtful. That Tom Butcher declares he is not . the burly butcher who threatened to exterminate Coolgardie's mayor : no Thomas — Uhr not the gentleman. That Macnamara, J.P., is far too lo quacious on the bench. That it is a wise judge who gives, his decisions but not his reasons. tioMNjJ That a Kalgoorlie justice who refused the alluvialites bail, recently granted bail in a small sum to a person committed on a charge of attempted murder. That Attorney-General Pennefather has released Matilda Carlisle, charged with abortion. J- nan at one time tnere was a large con densing plant between Coolgardie and Boondi, on the Coolgardie railway, the property of Smith and Timms. That through stupid blundering on the part of the resident engineer, Coolgardie, this plant has been taken down. That there is nothing to Bhow that S. and T. ever gave authority for this to be done. That there is a rumor abroad that Smith and Timms intend claiming heavy damages from, the Government. That this little transaction may cost the country a thousand or more. That most of the decisions of the Kal- goorlie licensing bench last week were scandalous. That The Sun is likely to let in some light on the court's decrees in an early iBsue. That the gazetting of a special licensing bench in Kalgoorlie is an uncalled-for insult to the honorary justices. That the appointment of Dir. R. D. Thompson to the licensing bench is a plain indecency which should be exposed in Parliament. That numerous proxy ghosts are likely to walk at the forthcoming Kalgoorlie mayoral election. That a straight-out go between " Fim." and "Brim." will be interesting. jihat tne mining sensation of the week has been the change in management of the Lake View Consols. That Kaufrilan has evidently captured the show. That the prosperity of the district and the welfare of the people are the last considerations of these market-riggers. That at present it looks as if two sets of rogues had combined to fleece the public. That Mr. Hewitson is looked to con fidently to give a straight-out, honest report on past management. That the Coolgardie rag, in the in terests of its foreign owners, is doing its utmost to discredit the forthcoming con ference. xnat since au ordinary constitutional means have failed, the conference should initiate a bold policy to brmg the Perth gang to their senses. That the Boers have captured Lady toaran wiison, wno went out as a war cor respondent. That Lady Sarah is the sister of the Duke of Marlborough, . born 1865, and was married in "1891 to a son of Sir iSamuel's Wilson's,- of Victoria; That the war cables lately are very dull reading. That the Boers continue to be comple tely routed, but at the same time the British are retreating. That Britain has evidently taken on a big contract in the subjugation of this plucky little republic. That any big British reverse would knock the Salisbury Government into smicnereens ana reauce unamoenain to his original Brummagem nothingness. That the curse of Crowder will not be a circumstance to the cursing of Cham berlain if the war lasts another three months. That the Railway department chiefs 3hould be promptly indicted for gross cruelty to animals. That a consignment of ducks which left Perth on Friday were without food or water until Saturday midnight. " That the intention was to Iqave the poor birds in their deplorable plight until their arrival at Menzies on Sunday might or Monday morning. That the Christmas exodus to the coast j and to the Eastern colonies has set in in dead earnest. That the German steamers from Fre- .. Mantle sire becoming the popular means <v£ transit to the east, the long railway journoy to Albany being by this means I avoided. I That the sly-grog evil is as rampant as I <8Y&r; ou Mie UC1UB. I That an amendment of the Licensing I Act' abolishing wine and beer saloons is I imperative. I " That most of the Kalgoorlie hotels I ffiave closed their dining rooms. I That this shows a contempt for the I /rinhts of travellers which the licensing I 2$rfc is bound to notice. I That publicansprho secure a valuable I monopoly must bexaught they are not to I carry on mere drinking dens. I That the absence of proper accommo- I dation for visitors is likely to injure both Kalgoorlie and the Boulder. B That the reasons for raising the cost of | \ the staff of life " on the fields should be B given by the bakers. I That the cost of living on the fields is I still excessive. | That consumers are bled by rings yrhich I control all the necessaries of life. 