NOTABLE DEATH WARNING. STBANGE FAMItY STTPEESnnONS. Moat of tho great families of Scotland had their death omonB. Thus it is roportod that the family of ;:Orant llothiemnrcns had the " Bodoeh an Dnn,"' or tho GhoBt of the Hill; and the Kincardilie& the Lhom-dearg," or the Spectre of. the Bloody Hand, of whom Sir Walter Scott -had givon tliis account' from Mucfarlune'B mapuseriptB:—" There ia mnch talk of a spirit called ' Ly-erg,' who frequonts tlib Glenmoro. .'' Ho appears'witli a red hand, in the llabit 'df q'BOldier. and chal lenges men to fight witli himl As lately as the year 1669 he fought three brothers, one after another, who immediately died there from." The family of Gnrlinbcgwas haunted by Garlin Bodacher, and Tnlloch Gorms by May Moulach. or the girhwitli the hairy left hand. The Synod gave frequent orderB that inquiry should bo made into the truth of this apparition, and ono or two declared that they had seen one that answered the des cription. An ancestor of the family of M'Lean of Iiochborg; was commonly repor ted, before the dnnth of any of his race, to gallop along tho seabeoch announcing the death by diBmal lamentations; ahd tlie ban shee of Looh Higdat nsed to be arrayed in .« silk dress of a greenish hue. ' The evil genius of . tho Byrons appeared in tho gtiiso of a black friar, and his appear ance was Bnppoeed to forebode misfortune to tho member of tho family to whom it ap peared, and Mr. Hunt has described the death token of Vingocs. It seems that nbovo the deep caverns- in a certain part of tho Byrons' estate rises a cairn. On this, it iB asserted, chains of fire wero formerly seen ascending and descending, which were fre quently accompanied by loud and frightful noises. But it is affirmed thitt these warn ings have not been heard since the last mole of the family came to a violent end. When ever two owls are seen perched on tho family mansion of the family of Arundel of War- dour it is said that one of its members will shortly die. Tho appearance of a white- breasted bird was thought to be a warning of death to a family named Oxenliam in Devonshire. Equally strange is the omen with which the old baronet's family of Clifton of Clifton Hall, Nottinghamshire, is forewarned when death 'is about to visit ono of its members. It seems that in thiseose the omon takes tho form of a sturgeon, which is seen forcing itself np the river Trent, on whose bank tbe mansion of the Clifton family is situated. With this curious tradition may bo compared one connected with the Edgowell Oak, which is commonly reported to indicate tho coming death of an inmate of the Castle Dalhousie;. by tbe faU of one of its branches. Barko, in his " Anecdotes of the Aristocracy," says that opposite tho ' dining room at Gordon Castlo is a large and niassiyo wSlow tree, the history of which is somewhat singular. Dolce Alexander, when four years of -age, planted this willow in a tab filled with earth; tho tub floated about in a marshy piece of land, till tbe shrub, expanding, burst its cerements, and struck root in the earth be low. Hero it grew and prospered till it at tained tho present goodly sine. The Doha regarded the tree with a sort of fatherly and evoa superstitions regard, half hollering that there was some mysterious affinity between its fortunes and 'its own. Jfan accident happened to the,, one by storm or lightning, some misfortune was not long in befalling the other. It is related, too, bow in the Fork of Chartley, near Lichfield, has long been pre served the breed of the indigenous Stafford shire cow of sand-white colour. In the year of tho battle of Burton Bridge a Hack calf was born, and the downfall of the house of Ferrers, happening about the same time, gavo- rise to the tradition that the birth of -a parti coloured calf from the wild herd la Chartley Park is a sure omen of death within tho samd' year of a member of tho family. This, — by a noticeable coincidence," says alocal paper; of July, 1835, " a calf of thiB description has been born whenever a death has happened' to the family of late years," It appcars that the death of the soventh Earl Fer-trrnnd of his countess, and of bls.son, . — 7unt' Tomworth, and of his daughter, Mnt. Win, JolifJo, a3 well of tho deaths of tho son. and heir of the eighth earl and of Ilia dadghtor. Lady- Florence Shirley, wero each preceded by tho ominous birth of tho fatal-hucd calf. This tradition has bees made the subjeot of a romantic story.cntitled' " Chartley? ar, The- Fatalist." WalBingliatn, in his "Ypodigma New- strtci," informs us how-on January 1, 1389, just boforo tho civil war broke out between tho houses of York-and Lanoaator. tho river Ouse suddenly steed still at a plaoo oallod Harewood, about-fivo miles from Bedford, so below this place the bed of tho river was left dry for three miles together, aud abovo it tbe water swelled to a great height. Tbo same thing is said to havo happened at the same place in January, 1648, which was just before the death of Charles I., and many persons " baaro supposed both of theso stagnations of thoOuso to bo supernatural and purtontioue; others suppose them to be the effect of natural causes, though a probable natural cause haa not yet been assigned.- Tho following curious anecdote, styled " An Dish Water Fiend," said to bo per foctly well authenticated, is related in Burke's " Anecdotes of tbe Aristocracy." Tbo hero «f the tale was the Rot. James Crawford, rector of the parish of Kiltiua, county Loitrim. In tbe Autumn of 1777, Itlr. Crawford had-occasion to eross tho es tuary called " The Rossee,"- ou tho coast of Donegal, and on. a pillion, bob hid him, sat his eistor-in-lavr Miss Hannah Wilson. They had advanced some distance until tho water reached the Baddlo laps, when Miss Wilson became so alarmed that she-Implored Mr. Crawford to go bock ao faat as possible. to land. "T'do not -think thcrocan ha danger," replied Crawford, '"for I see a horseman- crossing thoford not twenty yards before us." MIbs Wilson, also caw tho horseman. " Yon hod bettor hail him," nUd sho, "-and inquire tlto depth of tho ihitorvrn ing water;" G'tawford chcohod his horaoamd hnDned to tho horseman to stop Ho did stop, ami turning round, displayed a ghastly face, grinning fiendishly at-Orawford, who waited for nofurilver parley, butrctumodaa fast.aa licuDuhl. On renebingliomohotoIdhi&'WJfe- of tho spectral rencontre. Tlm-popnlar-helief < was that wheuovur any luoklese person mis foredoomed to be drowned in that cotnary 'thofhtal event was foreshown .to the-doomcd person 'by some saoh apperitloirasCiowford had seen. Despito this monitory warning, Mr. Crawford again attempted to crose tho ford of-tbo Rosses upon September?.!, 1777, and was drowned in the attempt, In Germany several princes havo their warnings of death. In somo instances-it is tbe roaring of a Hon, and in others tho how ling of a dog. Occasionally a similar an nouncement was mode by the tolling of a bell, ar tho striking of a clock ut tm unusual time. Then there la tho time-honoarod white lady, whoiie mystonons appcaranco lms from time imnremeriol been supposed to Indicate some event of importance. Accord ing to a popular legend, tho white lady in Meea ixt nmj of ths oneHfer,,, QpiyBwa. princes Hoblea, by night 63 weB sb by day, especially when tho death of any mem ber of tho family is imminent. She is re garded as the ancestress of tlie- race, shows herself always in snow-white garments, carries a bunch of keys ut her side, and sometimes rocks and watohes over the children at night when their nurses sleep. Tlio earliest in stance of this apparition was in tho sixteenth century, and is famous under the namo-nf " Bertha Rosenberg," in . Bohemia. The white lady of the other-princely castles- was identified with Bertha, and tiro Identity was accounted for by the intermarriages of other- princely bosses with members of tbe house of Rosenberg, in whose train tbe white lady passed intotheir castles. - ' ; An interesting instonce-of a death- warn ing among uncultured tribes is told en tbe authority of Mr. J. J. Atkinson, late of . Noumea, New Caledonia, which is carious because it offers among the .Kanakas an ex ample of a belief current in -Breton folk lore. Mr. Atkinson relates how ono day-al&anaka; of his acquaintance paid him a visit and seemed loath to go away. After somo hesi tation he explained that he was about to die, and would never-sec his English friend again, as his fate was sealed. He had lately met in the wood ono whom he took for aKnrioka girl of his heart, but he became aware too lato that she was no mortal woman, but. -a- wood spirit in tbe guise of- his beloved. As lio-sald, so it happened, for the unlucky main shortly afterwards died. "This is the groundwork," adds the narrator, " of the- Breton ballad of La Sienr Nairn.' who died after bis intrigue with thc -forast. spectre." A version ofthebaDad is printed by Do la ViHemarqne, Barzaz-Brciz, and variants exist iu Swedish, French, and. even in a lowland Scotch version, sang by children in a-kind of dancing game. 