THE NEW MINISTRY. The new Ministry is meeting with no luck. What is sometimes called luck is the result of shrewd and judicious planning. If this Ministry is doomed to early extinetion it will chiefly have itself and Sir- McLean to i thank for it. In the selection of several; of ; hiij Ministers. Mr. McLean - ■-played' siriughtv;; into the hands of Ins opponents. ■ He brought the impracticable and ilttempered Mr. Shiels out of his long. retirement;; he included in his team two of the thirteen. 1 mer. who upon the contingent question, scoffed at and flouted the patriotic‘senti ment of every loyal Briton in the colony or other well-wisher of the Empire under which lie lives- and which protects him ; and ho hauled- forth the ghost of -the Mel bourne land boom mid the banking and building fheioty crashes by his ■; appoint ments of Upper House representatives. How* a man. like Mr. McLean, who is reput edly so skilful as a business man, could liavo made these false moves is, explicable on the assumption that behind thesecues ho sur rendered. himself to the guidance, of- Messrs. Shiels and Me Cay. ’ Mr. Shiels was not very long in giving a ; specimen ctf his Equality,.; In moio i_\nggorated and liigh-falutin lan guage he attacked the late Government. He compared*. them) to "political Boers’—an, utterly foolish comparison, for the grievance* against tlm Boers is that they are. doing their work only too well, and that is cer tainly not what Mr. Shiels meant to imply of the Turner Ministry. Then they were “Cains” and “Judas Iscariots" in the matter of the newspaper publishers. - They wore cuiainly nothing very creditable, but there was no occasion to search Holy Writ for sufficiently strong terms of vilification; They wtre no worse indeed than Mr. hJiiels him-' self -who let these) things be done and did not at llio time protest cither inside or out-, sidi the ITouste. La the Ministry the then Mr. Gcorgo Turner' used ti bo told off to cautiously watch over Mr,' Shiels and keep down his oratorical exuber ancies. In the Shiels-McLcan or McLeah- Shiele Ministay—-either, name, it; appears/ will do—this special duty was entrus ted to Mi’. .Theodore . Fink. : Ho was to be tho colleague and helpmate of the Treasurer. Tho connection has been veiyi short. Mr. Fink has had enough of his billet without pay or defined position. He.iV disgusted with Mr. Shiels’ Baimsdale ekri plosion, and with his assumptions of equal' leadership with Mr. McLean,; Ho fears further explosions of the same land and, therefore washes his hands of the Ministry, As this announcement; reaches the public simultanleously with the defeat of Mr. McCay it is a double blow for the Ministry. Then if Mr. J, M. Davies* the Solicitor-General, is defeated, which is not altogether improbable* considering what his opponent is saying, of, liquidators and of Mr. Davies being i sup ported by 'a Committee of liquidators, how can the Ministry face the House as a Ministry? At the best their only hope .was that as the return to power of Sir Georgs Turner meant a dissolution of the House, members would, prefer the MeLean Govern , WJAt to au expensive vid always uncertain mid felectwiL i^ow,—if ; Sir George Turner can arrange, >for-ai reSSusit •to office in sufficient strength as to.not require a (lissolijtioii' Ills ''pros[iOcrfe ,juto brjghtbr than! ever. In' tmy even!. 'the Country ifeolf will' not- gain. It-will losebadlylby the) chopping -and changing of Ministers;- “Desirable legis latiou will boj further and further delayed. Whatever was Mr, . McLean thinking about , when he selected i/.ecrtain members of; his Cabinet? Wlmtevbr his political, social or business eonnectfons' with them, Qio bright to have known that Parliament -and public sometimes hare strong ideas 'on certain subjects. 