The School Maid and Her Father. Girls ate generally credited with being more dutiful than their brothers to the wishes of their parents; prob ably maternal influence is responsible for this. Boys—school boys at any rate—are pretty well all tarred with the same brush, their first step in the direction of striking for liberty not in frequently amounting to playing truant from school, or "wagging it", as it is frequently termed. Whatever the early offences of young ladies may be, tbey have rarely been charged with that of playing truant. Aa an in stance of obedience to paternal wisheB may bequoted the-following:—Miss Alice Marner isthe daughter of Mr George Marner, of ?'Lamingtcn," Vie ^toria road, 'Auburn. Mibs Marner had been very ill, and upon returning from school she experienced a continu ed languid feeling that made her most miserable. In the course of conver sation with a' - rpporfcer- she said:— "Father took me "to -tree a doctor, and he said' I was overgrowing my strength and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so, there was no fear of my disobeying this order, aud i took the 'quinine tonic' ■given?me with " regularity. Then. I cominencedto feel acute pains In my shoulders and back, and at night I •'We^ triecl ^everything toindiice sleep," interposed Mr. Marner, "but it had no effect; then I consulted a well- known Collins-Street practitioner. He said my daughter was suffering principally from weakneb?, and'advis ed a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but she returned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in the morning, and food taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh and be came a mere ghost. "This time last yfeatvl' .said-Miss Alice, "I weighed 7st, 316s.,-and now, I am 9st. 71b." "A great improvement; your treat ment mnst have beenbenefirial?' ;; '^Toj . .^dlri^Jniediciue J gokdid me yeiy little good. Actually Dr. "Wil liams* pink pills for pale people deserve, that credit. Justbefore the Jubilee holidays last year, father bought me a box of Dr. Williams* pink pills at Mr. Pleasance's, Chapel-street, Prahran. I had heard so much of the beneficial changes which they had produced in others, that I obeyed father's wishes that I should be careful to follow the directions. I am glad to say that they did me so much good that I continued with them. It is a long time since I discontinued taking them, and I am now as healthy as anyone could wish. "And you would recommend theroV "Yes; and that strongly, too," said Mr. Marner, "had I known of Dr. Williams pink pills two years before it would have saved me a hundred pounds. A perusal of the foregoing must hare shown you that Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people accomplish cures after other remedies hare failed. They did in Miss Maimer's case. Por rheumatism, influenza, bronchitis, pneumonia, sciatica, lumbago, general weakness, etc., given a fair trial, they merer- disappoint. Aroid -substitutes and get the genuine pills with ail seven words—Dr. Williams' pink pills for j pale people—printed in red ink on the j white outside wrapper. Of chemists and storekeepers, and the Dr. Williams j Medicine Co., Adelaide, S.A.;six boxes fifteen "and threepence, one box two] shillings and ninepence, post paid:! These are the pills which cured Miss | Marner. 1 There- islittle prospect of refloating the ketohUXaid of Australia, aground on Wardang Island, Spenoer's Gnlf. The weather has been roqgh, and it is believed that .the ketoh's bottom ia stove in. _ . , . At theJtsdrnthpolioecourt, Jolin Bennett, a laborer, wae aentenoed to two montha' im priaonmant for throwing boiling hot water orer his wife while ahe was holding a ohild in her arma, beoaute ahe refused to giro him money for drink. " Twoapeoimena from the Worturpa gold field hare been stolen from the office of the Minis ter of Mine*. Writing of the fortbooming British harvest, the Ximes says that airfield crops, with the exoeption of hopa, will be_below theretnrns for 1898.]-The wheat yieldis'estimated st 95. 8 par cent, of the average'.' ' * In the Hoose of Lords the Shop Assistants Bill, whiohregaires among other things that ■seating accommodation shall be provided for :theoomfbrt iofjahopassistants in intervals of ^slackness, hasipissed its seoond reading by 73 rotes to 28. The Premier, Lord Salisbury, ; opposed the measure. Union Bank of Australia.—The Directors of the Union Bank have declared a dividend j at the rate of 6 per cent, for the half year. | This will permit of the carrying forward of £26,800. ^ _ „ 'Atapublio meeting held at Auokland, N.Z., a resolution wascarried approving of the Federal Constitution of Australia, and express ing the opinion that the time had arrived when the Parliament of New Zealand ahould] be asked to submit the Commonwealth Bill to the eleotors. It was resolved to form a New Zealand Federal League. 