Short Siory. En Route for Goodwood. ??Aur Tlite ejaculation, is capable of express ing' the whole gamut of the emotions from iho abyss of despair to the pin nacle of ecstasy, and it was from some where near if not from the actual sura C1jt of the la tier deliriously giddy 1,,-idit that Mr.*. Cranston uttered the jjiiiniiU-ant monosyllable. ' \i.,,,.. hi rho corner of her railway car ^ n_ni ^»*^ ?.-??»?» ? - nane. arrayed in Soreiere's latest and most chic creation, little Mrs. Cranston revelled in the anticipation of a week of unalloyed delights and the proud con Si-i(iusnes- of crowned endeavour. It woultl have been difficult as well as unkiud to seek to lix any number of .summers upon the charming little colo iiinl widow. She herself was too astute 10 aid chronology by stray remrais it'iioos, and the curious liad given up (-lnlt'avouring to cull from her conversa tion ftray facts on which a computation mi.slit be based. A couple of seasons ago Mrs. Cranston had appeared on the London horizon. Her credentials were unmistakable, if jio; precisely patrician, and her banking account and credit were beyond suspi cion. She was herself pretty, in an ir regular, carefully cultivated, unconven tional kind of fashion, and she had achieved a certain amount of success in London society. That is to say, she was a persona grata, among the portion of that society domiciled just a shade above the 'Fringe,*' that she was asked in the big crushes of a higher grade still, and almost ignored by the set which to her held possession of the svveutli heaven of earthly bliss— the set that is yclept ' smart.' I'.y dint of strenuous endeavour, how ever, she had got in the thin edge of the wedge at Ascot, improved the occasion at lienley. and finally worked up to the summit of her ambition in getting an invitation to spend the Goodwood week with the Mettleships. To belong to the Mottlotship Louse party for the Goodwood week was to re ceive fiie diploma of smartness, after which the soul of Mivs. Cranston han kered. For the Mettleships had a repu tation : they never invited any one who was not in some way a celebrity. True, they were not exactly as particular as their great-grandmothers might have been as to the nature of that celebrity ; hut. however — for instance, on this occa sion the Vicomte de Eatignolles was to lie their guest, and Mrs. Cranston .smiled as she reflected on the fact. The Vicomte was one of those men who iind it impossible to cease the sow ing of their wild oats. They blossom out. again and again in goodly crops when the season of their sowing is long past, and this volatile gentleman had a few months before been the hero of a scandal in his own country which had given the leader-writers of certain pa pers in ours a golden opportunity of contrasting the conditions of morality existing in France with those enjoyed in England ; and the detailed -accounts of the case, while forming an excellent peg on which to hang a 'We thank heaven we are not as other nations are,' ware at the same time as entertaining to read as those yellow-backed novels witli alarming titles and graphic frontis pieces which abound on foreign book stalls. The Vicomte, 'however, was grea.t on the turf, and was, moreover, an old ac ([uainrance of the Mettleships, who saw no reason iwhy the yearly custom should !be departed from. iMite. Cranston's mind was much exercised as to the foreign Lotharia. She 'had never met him ; t^he know only t)hat he was no longer young, that report credited him with dyed' hair and an imperfect knowledge of English idiom ; nevertheless, despite this meagre starting-point, Mirs. Crans ton had made up her mind to a flirta tion with her fellow-guest. It was just ?the sort of thing to give her a finmer footing in this inner circle of smart ness. iShe was revolving all these things in ilier artistically dressed head while the last hurrying passengers panted and shuffled along the platform. She was evidently to have her carriage to herself, a' fact rather grateful to consider on such a day as tMs, With the thermome ter at S5deg. Jus'r, however, as the guard reached the door, already hold ing it wide to give possibilities for a more emphatic ibang, a gentleman (bustled up. ' Going by 'iihis 'train, sir ? Get in then— here. We're just going ? ' ' But ? ' The rest erf the sentence of inquiry and .protest was lost in an astonished '? Saiprist'i' as the harmless passenger was lihvi .pell-mell into the carriage, 'barely shaving Mrs. Cranston's da'inty brown shoes in his enforced entrance. ' Quote sauvages quand nieme '' he exclaimed as he gathered himself to geflier as best he could Wifh the sudden iurch of t'he out-going train. 'A thousand pardons, .mademoiselle!' lie said, quickly turning in Mrs. Crans ton's direction as soon as he had shaken iiiinself into the opposite corner seiit. ' Oh, it's nothing ! It was the guard's fault, not yours,' replied his companion graciously. *? 'Besides, you re'ally did not hurt me at all.'' ?.Mrs. 'Cranston sm'ile'd as she opened ?her paiper. over t'he leaves of which it was possible to take stock of her fellow traveller— a -small dark man, wifh a carefully trimmed mious't'a.che, many puckers round his quick, black eyes, and a somewhat sallow complexion. 'With rhe firs Mint tiered French words a conjecture had sprung into Mrs. Cranston's mind, wh'ich gathered force as her eyes glanced downwards over 'the cravat (Avhkfli had not the recog nised Kond-^tree-t twist), on the watth cha'iu somewhat lavishly displayed, and, lower .still, oil the diminutive, highly jpoltehinl boots. This was the celebrated Vicomte de Ba't'-gnollw, the hero of fhe Palais de Justice. Scarcely the phy siiine to captivate an Englishwoman's lii'iirr. thought .Mrs. Cranston, but pos tfiwts'iug dou'b'tieisti a charm of manner unore tin an conipeiisa'tiiig for mere ex ternal appearance*. liaising her eyw. she suddenly en countered the beady, black ones of her vis-a-vis fixed upon her ; she smiled a little, and the inevitable remark about the window ciine Id the rescue and ojii'noil the lire. ' Mademoiselle was travelling also to Chicliester '.' lie hoped Mi.it. lie was not incommoding her with his presence.*' ' Oh. not at all !'' ' Fraiiclieineiit. however, (he intrusion was not. his 'fault : that s.ivapre of aj guard had given him no choice.' i ' Really, monsieur, do u--t be uneasy j about it, I do not mind in the least. In- j deed, a companion is always acceptable, it is so lonely travelling alone.' ' Parfaitement, was mademoiselle perhaps going to stay for the races ?' 'Exactly. That is what I am going down for. I am quite excited about it ; I've never been at Goodwood before.' ' No ?' The beady eyes opened in amazement. ?? I should not like to sav how many times I have been'— he added with a shrug, 'a wise man does not count those rhiugs.' Mrs. Cranston' laughed. ' Oh ! I am not at all blase about anything, mon sieur. I am looking forward with great delight to the time. I am going to s-tay With Lady Mettleship.' 'TiensJ' and it see.nied to Mrs. Cranston that there was a certain added Interest in the very deferential glance that he bestowed upon her perfectly gowned person. 'Mademoiselle will have plenty of gaiety at Lady Mettle ship ; they are quite— how do you' say? —in the mouvement.' Yes, it was very flattering to be mis taken for 'mademoiselle,' but at the same time Mrs. Cranston was desirous of letting him understand that she did not. belong to that inexperenced section of her sex whom Frenchmen are es pecially supposed to shun— les demoi selles a marier. It 'suggested itself to her to enlighten him, by the expedient of withdrawing her glove ; an opera tion which she set herself ostentatiously to perform, the conversation meantime continuing in the necessary groove of banalities— the Vicomte de Bat.ignolles deferential, ' correct' in the extreme ; Mrs. Cranston in a decidedly 'coming on' disposition. ' I trust madame will pardon me my indiscretion,' remarked the Frenchman after a moment, ' but her appearance misled me, and in this country les de moiselies voyagent seules.' Mrs. Cranston laughed. ' You are pardoned, monsieur ; and for your penance I shall ask you to help my maid with the luggage— she can't wrestle with English porters very suc cessfully ? ' ' I am entirely at your service, ma dame. But no doubt there are other guests going to Lady Mettleship who have come by this train. Madame will immediately find herself in pays de con naissance?' ' Possilbly. You are not by any chance going to Wood Lodge too ? ' Her companion shook his liead with a significant smile. ' No, madame ; Lady .Mettleship is , not of my -world.' 'Mrs. Cranston tittered an exclamation of amazement. '.But I thought ? ' ' JN*o, I am going to the Due d*Omni ?um ; for years I always go to the Due.' ' Yet, surely, Lady Mettleship told me ? ' The Frenchman laughed softly. 'All, yes, last year Monsieur ]e Due lent me to miladi— a great favour. I went— but 'bon Dieu, what a house, quel bouchpn!' The scornful expression in the depth of ite contempt was lost on Mrs. Crans ton, but a frank disappointment was discernible in face (and voice ae she said : ' I am very sorry ; every one ?will be ?disappointed.' A shrug from 'her companion. ' Oh, as for that, the English know nothing of those things; t'hey do not appreci ate our art.' ' Art ?' the question escaped Mrs. iCranston in unalloyed ibewilderment. ' Dame ! oui with us it is art, ma dame.1' 1 'I— 1 don't understand, what is V' ' But, the cuisine ? '*? ' Cooking ? What have you to do with that ?' ''I!' the little man became an ani mated point of exclamation. ' Madame, I am Isadore iManniton, patissier and confiseur, at your service.' ' You— you— then why— how— are you going to Goodwood ?' ''Because the .Due d'Omnium is one of my clients. 'Because Goodwood would not 'be Goodwood, madame, without Isi dore Marmiton.' Dignied (bearing, profound bow, vi brating tones, all were lost upon Mrs. Cranston. Luckily, while the latter were still echoing in Hie air, the train ! pulled up, and somehow, faint with j mortification, she found herself seated I in the carriage Lady Mettleship had sent for her, while in her ears still rang the little man's dream-shattering words — ' Isidore Marmitou, patissier and con fiseur, at your service'— and the ghost of that dapper little man, with the diminutive feet and the aggressive ?waWh-'Chain, haunted her with the aw ful -fear of discomfiture and ridicule all through the Goodwood week.— 'The World.' 