THE CARDINAL AT THE CATHEDRAL. second jjiscotjrsb on thb uhurch and thb scriptures, Was the Bible Hidden Away Before the Reformation ? At St. Mary's Cathedral on Sunday evening last the Cardinal-Archbishop delivered the second of his discourses on the Church and the Sacred Scrip tures. His Eminence said that on the preceding Sunday he had placed before them certain considerations relating to the Church and the living voice of authority in the interpretation of the inspired writings. Both the written word and the living word had. been faithfully guarded by Holy Church. From Our Lord Himself the Church received the Divine commission to teach the Scriptures and to expound their true and full meaning. Some may say, 'How is it that the Church, allowed the faithful to remain in ignorance of the sacred writ ings until the time of the Reformation r It was asserted that up to the period of the so-called Re formation the Bible had been hidden away from the people. Such statements were made in opposi tion to facts and with the object of stirring up prejudice. Holy Church loves, and has always loved, the Sacred Scriptures, and had ever com mended them to her children. Had she not preserved the Scriptures, as the sacred deposit of truth, for nineteen centuries? The charge was made against the Church because she did not regard the written word of the Sacred Scrip tures as our sole guide to truth and knowledge. Holy Church held that there should be the living voice of authority in the interpretation of the in spired writings, just as Our Lord Himself and His Apostles taught by the living voice. From the earliest times the Fathers and Pontiffs of the Church had exhorted the faithful to read the Scrip tures, and to seek them as a pure stream of bless ing and of consolation. St. Augustine advocated this love of the Sacred Scriptures, and St. John ChryBO8tom, in his advice, said : ' Let the Divine Scriptures be ever in your hands ; their lessons ever in your minds and your hearts.' Perhaps no great Pontiff of those early days so strongly insisted on the reading of the Scriptures as St. Gre gory the Great, ' I beseech you,' he said, 11 to meditate constantly on the Sacred Scriptures.' So from age to age to our own time the successors of St, Peter had kept the knowledge of the Scriptures before^the faithful. At the beginning of the present century they found the great Pontiff Pius the Seventh writing in terms of highest admi ration and warmest approval to one of the Italian Bishops, who had translated the Scriptures into the Italian language. Pope Pius the Seventh declared that no better service could be rendered to Teligion than to enable the people of a country to read in their own language the Gospels and other portions of the sacred writings. Then, again, they had the Encyclical of the present illustrious Holy Father, Leo the Thirteenth, on the Study of the Scriptures, There was no more beautiful tribute to the Scrip tures than this Encyclical, and in it the true posi tion of the Church as the guardian and expounder of the Scriptures was clearly set forth. The present illustrious Pontiff a few months ago crowned his labours in the cause of truth and knowledge by granting a special indulgence to each one who reads every day some part of the Sacred Books. Some enemies of the Church have been bold enough to state that there were no translations of the Sacred Scriptures till modern times. This was untrue. , As early as the fourth century St. Jerome was ordered by the reigning Pope to present an accurate version of the Bible. This Doctor of the Church, most learned in Greek and Hebrew, pro duced what is known as the Latin Yulgate. At the present day the most learned and most pains taking investigators, non-Catholic as well as Ca tholic, recognize as authentic the text of the Latin Vulgate, which was the work of St. Jerome. The last edition of the Bible published in England had no less than four thousand corrections to bring it in conformity with the Latin Vulgate. . Every dis covery of ancient monuments and ancient manuscripts served to support the accu racy of the Latin Vulgate. Then, as to the Bible not having been known till the Reformation, there was the fact that in 1450 the Sacred Book was printed, and there were no fewer than 100 edi tions within 50 years, and this at a time when there was no whisper of the Reformation. History tells us that one of the first uses of the printing press was to supply copies of the Sacred Scriptures. Not only was the Bible printed in the Latin language, but in Germany, in the year 1483 (the year Luther was born), several editions, beautifully illustrated, were issued in Germany. Between that time and the close of the century, no fewer than 24 editions were published. There was no hiding away of the Bible. The reading of the Sacred Scriptures was commended by the Catholic pastors, and besides the German publications, there were six other translations in the Low-Dutch and other dialects. There was no prohibition. The one anxiety of the Church at the time was to prevent corrupt translations, which could not fail to be come poisoned sources to the ignorant and the unwary. Holy Church never ceased to incite her learned sons to illustrate the Sacred Scriptures and to set them before the woild in the most noble and most attractive form. Many of those who had as sailed Holy Church in connection with the Scrip tures claimed that the Bible is the one source from which we derive knowledge of the Divine power and love — our sole source of light, and strength, and grace and spiritual happiness. As he had said on the previous Sunday, the Catholic Church, the Church of Christ, relies not upon the written word alone, but upon the living voice of Divine authority which Our Lord gave to His Church as a blessed heritage for all time. The ' Reformers' of the sixteenth century followed in the footsteps of pre ceding heretics in declaring that, from the Scrip tures, and the Scriptures alone, do we derive know ledge of Divine Truth. The Reformers, who used the Scriptures to suit their own endq, added that the Bible should be interpreted by individual reason. In other words, those who had cast off their allegiance to the Catholic Church held that no teaching or exposition was needed. Each individual was free to interpret as he thought fit. This theory of pri vate judgment had led to the establishment of some 700 Protestant sects^each of which appealed to the Bible to justify its existence. Luther himself de plored the number of false teachers the Reforma tion had brought forth— the number of men who WWiiWWWffVWW'iT.y'llV'I'i'll ifli III Illl ? limn ? iimimiii ? distorted the Scriptures and profaned the word of God. He called them ' the cohorts of Satan,' and described their presence as a curse on the earth. Yet it was Luther and the Reformers in England who led on the horde of false teachers. One of the distinctive features of the source of Divine Truth was that it should be accessible to all. As the Goepel tells us, ' the poor have the Gospel preached to them.' The written word would not be acces Bible to all. There must be the living voice — the voice of the teacher, the voice of the preacher. In the time of Our Lord and for years afterwards the new Gospel was taught. The sacred text was written only as necessity arose. For centuries afterwards it was not possible to have more than a few written copies of the Scriptures. But the pastors of the Church never failed to impart the lessons of truth and wisdom which had been bequeathed to the Church by Our Saviour Himself. The second feature of the source of Divine Truth and Knowledge was that it must be intelligible to all. With the principle of private judgment in force this was impossible. Many things in the Scriptures were difficult to understand. Take, for instance, the narrative in the Acts of the Apostles, in which we are told that Our Lord, before ascend ing to Heaven, explained to the A.postles prophe cies they had not understood. St. Luke tells us how Our Lord, conversing with the Apostles before His ascension, said : ' These are the words which I spoke to you, while I was yet with you, that all things must needs be fulfilled which are written in the law of Moses, and in the prophets, and in the psalms concerning Me. Then He opened their understanding that they might understand the Scriptures.' And in the second epistle of St. Peter, referring to the life of Our Saviour, he speaks of ' certain things hard to be understood, which the unlearned and unstable wrest, as they do also the other Scriptures, to their own destruction. You, therefore, brethren, knowing these thing* before take heed, lest being led aside by the error of the unwise, you fall from your own steadfastness.' In the same epistle St. Peter tells us that 'no prophecy of Scripture is made by private interpretation. For prophecy came not by the will of man at any time ; but the holy men of God spoke, inspired by the Holy Ghost.' Here we find it set forth that the Scriptures to be intelligible to all need the author ized interpretation of those appointed by Our Lord to teach and explain the Scriptures. The autho rity of Holy Church had settled such points as the observance of the Sabbath on Sunday instead of Saturday, and the manner of baptism. This was the living voice of authority, for nowhere in the Sacred Scriptures was it laid down that the Sabbath day should be Sunday. The spirit which inspired the Sacred Scriptures gives us through Holy Church the genuine interpretation. In conclusion, his Eminence spoke of the festival of Christmas, so near at hand, and exhorted all present to prepare themselves worthily for that feast-day of peace and joy. ? . 