THE R 0,: 0 PRESBYTERY BAZAAR. SAfter ar-rurnof seven days from. Monday to. Mon. day last inclusive, the bazaarc in aid of the lccal R; C.'Presbytery, was closed on evening of the 27th instant, :when the remaining goods were disposed of by.auction by- Messrs Osborn and Hudson, notifica tion of the - event being circulated by handbills dur ing-the afternoon.. We hase every, reason to believe the result will be successful wheu all the accounts are.made up,'which generally takes some little time. Last week, in giving the names of the stallholders, some who -did good service were, omitted through no fault of ours, and this is to be regretted, for some whose names did not appear were quite as indefati, gable in contributing to the success of the affair as others who were named. The following ladies in addition to those named in lilt issue also assisted: -Pyalong and Em .Flat stall-Mrs Wallace, Misses Griffin (2), and Eades ; Kilmore Stall, No. 4---Mesdames- O'Donoghue, Ccndon and Roche, and Misses O'Connor,. O'Donnell, Hickey,. Hunt and: Conway.- - . 'Cr Firman, at last.meeting of Merriang Shire, made a suggietion- which, might well be adopted in inany. municipalities, viz., that Councillors should spend a day or so visiting the roads of the Shire each year. ]By this. means, he contended, the re quirementsa oithe district could best be ascertained. The old officers of the Merriang Shire were re 'appointed for next twelve -months- on Saturday, witlh-the- exception of inspector of nuisances, which was. given -to Constable M'Kane, of Wallan. In this connection it was mentioned that £10 has to be given the health officer, who has practically nothing to do. The Council- will not hold a meet ing again until the first Saturday in January, 1900. The .ordinary monthly meeting of the Kilmore Water Trust will be held on Monday. evening next at the Town Hall. The Rev. H. Bakker, of Mansfield, succeeds the Rev. M. Ryan on the Kilmore Mission. On Sunday Father Bakker celebrated' second Mass at St. Pat .rick's, and preached an impressive sermon. It was announced that, after last Mass next Sunday, a meeting would be held on the subject of presenting a testimonial to Father Ryan. Mr D. M'Bain, President of Morriang Shite Coun cil, was lately administered the magisterial oath by his Honor Judge Hodges. _ According to a message from Blayney, some con sternation has been caused amongst the miners at the copper mines by the visitation of a ghost in one ofthe shafts.. The men hear strange noises of bells ringing, sighing, groans, &c.; It-is also said that the miners on going below -have their candles ex tinguished by the visitor, and some of the men allege that something uncanny brushed past them. \- 8ixof the men have left the mine,. owing, to the terror the-" ghost" has inspired. 