THE DALKEITH MFUDER. Now that the Dalkeith murder case is all over, it is permissable to comment upon the facts, as well as the methods, which the police have employed in the ad ministration of justice, or, to use a more accurate phrase, in the persecution of the man Fox, whose only crime appears to h avc been thut lie had the liiisiot'tiinc to be the one person whom the police eordd see any excuse for arresting. The police . eagerness to make an arrest can easily be understood. Ouitc a number of serious offences, culminating in the post otlice robbery, had happened within a short period of the murder, and the police were completely at fault. It w.i-> important therefore thai a shocking murder iu tie- suburbs should not find a place among the memorials of the police irienicteucy. This, no doubt, was the true inwardness of the arrest, of Fox against whom the judge told the jury at the trial, there was no evidence, and that his whole demeanor and behaviour throughout the piece had been that of an into 'cent, man. strong This, in itself, was a rebuke t > the police, but it becomes .vtronger when it is remembered that the only particles of evidence, which could he contorted into appearing I adverse to Eo.v, were obtained lornr after j j his arrest. The very iirst e\ idence, that of Fox's little yirls, which came to the j | knowledge of the police, was sut'tieient, I in the eyes of any reasonable man, to j exculpate him. Everythin tended to ! ' show that Mrs Fox was murdered during ! j j ! the absence of her husband iu the | metropolis, and till the adverse evidence j which the police could collect only ! strengthened that impression. This I • ' never suggested to the miscalled ollicers of justice that their prisoner should be liberated, but only stimulated the hunt for evidence against him. It is, unfortunately a universal characteristic of the police, that their energies ate devoted, not towards securing all the evidence available, in the cases they undertake, but such only as wi'd convict. It is more j th tin possible that in the zealous search for evidence which would incriminate Fox 1 j the police have missed the clues, which would have helped them to unravel what is now. and probably will, remain for ever a mystery, for having running down Fox, the police will be relaxed, and the case failed in energies forgotten, because thedepartment does not encourage any interference with the ghosts of its own incompetence. For the humiliation, has anxiety, and sulfering that. Fo.x been forced to undergo, there is no compensation. As a matter of fact he is aOiieted with an affection of the heart, - and the worry and mental tension he has endured have seriously weakened him. He owes all this to the ineflk-iency of the police, and if the Ia^v did provide any means for eompensTting ha\e those who suffered unjustly, no money payment could buy back to a man his lost health, or immunity from the jibes of at least some of his fellows. There is 110 excuse for the police case is regarded. whatever way the It cannot he urged that they were so satisfied of Fox's guilt that they felt forced to prosccute him, b. cauge he had not byen in custody more than a day or two when they arrested a Chinese for the sumo offence, but ho soon discharged, and the persecution of Fox continued, to tho hlnnno of the police both rank and file, especially the rank, because the force can never be elfeetive unless it is better directed. There ii a sound legal maxim that it is better that ninety-r.ine guilty men should escape rather than -one innocent person should sull'er. but the police policy is that it is better to convict one hundred innocent people rather than the police should b>se a case they have undertaken. It would be au absurdity in any commentary upon this case to gloss over the indecency of Dr Lovegrove, the City i Coroner, in his summing up of the evidence adduced at the inquest Instead of being a judicial dissertation on the facts, and an exposition of their applicability to the law, Dr Lovegrove 1 s summing up was the deliverance of an advocate for the Crown, upon which he secured the verdict that permitted of Fox's committal. In any other country where the principles of British law prevail, the address Dr Lovegrore was guilty of, would have raised such an outcry, as would 'iiave made any repetition of it impossible. The administrators of affairs i^i. this colony, however, leave Dr Lovegrove to perpetrate as many more of his un-English vagaries as occasion may afford him. 