.ANGLICAN CHURCH ASSEMBLY.: ABOLISHING THE DEAN'S OFFICE. ; A NEW DEPARTURE. i THE BENDIGO DIOCESE. 1; : REMARKABLE STATISTICS; ' / Tiie fourteenth ; annual assembly of tbe Anglican Church "continued" Its sittings yes-! t'erday In the Cathedral Chapter House. "In llle morning a devotional meeting, presided over by the A'lcar-Geueral, look place. Devo tions were coudu'eted by tlie Itev. W. Carey Ward, and Uie Itev. F. E; S. Snodgrass 'acted as organist. Familiar bymus were sung, prSfyer was offered by tbe Rev. J. .C. Love, and two papers of a spiritual un-turu were read, viz.:— Lines of -Cobcslou, by t'lie Rev. R; C. A. Kelly! and 'Pax A'oblscum, by lire Rev. lteg. Stepbeu'. Tbe meeting, wbleli wus largely attended, concluded with the bene diction, .pronounced by Dean Vance. . 1 ii the afternoon the assembly applied It self to the practical busiuess of ecclesiastical legislation. , . PATRONAGE ACT AMENDMENT BILL. ' The first order of : tbe- day dealt wiiu an amendment' to -tire Patronage Act; The amending bill proposed, Inter alia, to add tbe following uow section- to the act:— Wlionevei' a -'vacancy iii the said parish of Sti James's, Melbourne shall occur the Bishop slfttll thereupon appoint as incumbent of such paiisli' by special licence, containing such 4cnns and condi- hions..as .he may prescribe, either .the .Doaa ot Alel-r bourne or the ArebUeacon of Melbourne. ' .. ' ' The second iread'fiig wa-s moved iiy ttie Rcr. W. G. Hlmll'ey. The -object of the bill was, lie Safd, to'euable 'the' Bishop "to. appoint' the deaiu. ar hbe arobdeadou to the iucmitberiey:. The Inceutkiri .was not to affect the .-present lioau uor jfco lriareuse tbe.emoiuui'eata"ot.tUe arebd'eacou,.. present -or future. St .Jailies's jviis "the -ou'Iy "parish wlioae patronage wus iiot joiiierdlled by the Blsltop or the board ot iiaitrouage.' TM-s bill .would bring the! poirlsh toto ttae.' wWli "tire rest -of" Uic dtoceise. ' 'i,'he i'tat iuttotlW of tbe biliwas-to lnci-ease the tfraiiiUs from /the Bishop, of .Melbourne's fund to .it'he eloi'gy and readers of the dl'oeese. .Tjii-s icauie , about' by -the fact that every year t'lie rWiuippropri'ii-ted' 'buiauce of the" eousoli daltod fund was tuahyfiun'ed to -the Bishop of ilelbou rue's fimd, and eycry reductloiiiu the eou-sollidaitcd "fund grants mount more -money for- the Bkfiion'cs fund. The blll affebced the poslftou of futuire doainis ojs far as -t'lie source of tti'etr Income was concerned. The dean lu "blie future would ibo -paid as an incumbent of some parish. His stipend would be de rived 'from the emoluments of -that parish lilus hire .rental ot the deanery. The speaker dwelt at length upon 'the history of , the duties and "position of deans In tlhe English .Oliutoh. The -troud of ecclesiastical 'optalou ait home -wus In favor of uuik-ing. Hie Bishop the head of eadliedrals, a-ud of aUering the (fill -regime - as 'to the functions of deirns. .The present was an appropriate "time, tor. re organising 'their own cathedral arm-age'- meu'ts, -because there -wiire "no -active dlistu-rn- ing -persoual i-nlluonccs at work. Another reason for notion at the present time was the fact thalt "Ulie reductions In 'the grants to -She elergy from blfe JJIshcp -of Melbourne's fund -'had pressed, hardly -on the rank and file.. (Applause.) Any 'act-ion 'that .'wris.eril.. oulriited to Increase the . Tosoureos '"oi; that fund was In every way 'desirable. . .' . ',;GanoiU G. IV. Wataon seconded. ; " Tlie Rev. H. F. "Scott supported 'the bill, but reserved to hluiseil 'the tight of ."moving au a-ineiidincht- in, committee. , !.. Arphdeacon Ma-uCullagh said "he bad al- wajas held tlie view that -tbe arobd'eaeon Should also be "the dean, and while -support- iiiig -the 'bill he would, at- the proper alm6, move an iamehduieut to hlie effect that' the BisUap should , -appoiinl't -to 'St. Jtimes's '.'.'the iiirUhdeacon, who shall also be hhe dean.'.' '.' '..Tlie Rev. H. W. H. Christie objected to the uni us giviug iu vue uisuup power w ujcu was possessed "by no other Anglican Bishop, . : It was, be believed, ultra vires, .too. "Whoever was appointed to' St. James's '.parish should ileyote all Ills energies to,' 'that parish. -.WHu hll 'respect to the present" ln'cu-mbent ithere was a great deal to be. done. Tbe Seamen's Mission itbere did not . Impress blm .favqr- abiy. Tlie President, In supporting tbc bill, said hq felt keenly What bad 'been said -by "a stranger who came from another diocese a little while' ago" a-bQuV thc mniingemeut of the parish of St. James. On "the strength! hf brie visit he had attacked -the Seamen's Mis sion; Others, better acquainted, with this diocesan mission, gave u very differentiae- touut., (Loud applause!) : - ( Canon Potter sald, while agreeing, lylth' .a bill Ylilch w'Ould 'practically save £uuU a year, R >-as obvious (hat >the Intention Jof the ptor , uibters was to abolish- the -ofiice-iof dettii. -It w'fts ibe't'ter to ludlcato.'. straight. iatvay that i 'there, nvas not. to be a dean lu "the future. I He Would ask the members of "the assembly to ask t'Uemselves, What . Is. the' good of a Idean? He did' not believe In mere titular loiliccs. Under modern conditions, aud especl- : ally tbe eondltloiis in Melbourne, it 'Was' in every way, desirable -to abolish, the office of 'dean. He would move au amendment to that effect at .the proper -Stage. , . > ' Thrt oftprviwl iqniittiiff /tf Mm .hit I wne' napcln/l on "the voices. The assembly "then went Into , committee, 'My. F.- 15. 'Godfrey iii the clinif.' | Oriuon Potter moved it'lio omlsslou of the "words lu hhe . now section between "-phrlsb" laud ."or'ltlie," so- that -the.- conclusion rbitd, 'to ay ' thereupon .appoint ,as Incumbent ot such parish 'the Archdeacon of Melbourne??,. Mr. J. He-rnsby expressed n'greeuicut with "the niriendnient. !>" , Archiloaeou MiicCiillagh said he agreed iwlth 'the spirit of -the amendment, and! If JOanoii 'Potter would consent to -tho ailU'ftlbii 'of the words, "who shall aiso be the Dean jof Melbourne," 'be 'would support it. He thought the archdeacon should also be the dean. . Camou Godby- said -that -the , reason .why Canon Poltler's proposal "was not put forward iolU'cluBy wns "that- the denu ivas aiipoluted ,'by t'bi; chapter and the archdeacon by the. j Bishop. There must be no. etainco of the' old -time dispute of Bishop aguiust 'Oathedriil /bn.pter 'nri-siiig hi Melbourne:' Mo'rebVeri ,'tbe.. imneridmeu-t, It. carried,' would Involve recast- ihi'g niueh of 'the church legislation. Nevertke- -less, while recognising Hihnt difficulty,. he sup-' .ported the amendment.'-. The ltov. W. G. .HIndley having : pointed" "out that t'lie. present form. :o( the 'bill ivas" decided upon.' ! out ;of deference "to 'the chapter, ... Canon ;J. Fiiiford moved tha't the nsseiiibly proceed. Ito Itbe next business. He saw little. reasoii for Interfering .wlfib the present arrange- 1 meats. The motion was not seconded. Oanon Waitsbii said that tho proposed ac tion Was entirely due to the financial' posi tion of tho church. ' ' ' Ganon Tucker asked the assembly to pause .before. dealing "hastily — (applause)— with the abolltlou'of the ancient office of denu.'.. ' The , dhange was contrary to tho genius of tlie. ; Anglican Church. In the 13 Australian ; dioceses, only two did nat nppolut deans; 1 and In -the old country, wherever a diocese ; was In a position to. appoint a dcfin, It; did. ;sb. Why.dhould the eliureh.be bo pessiihls- i tic, about her Uuanclal pliospeets? In the future, means might-be forthcoming to ang- iment the stlpend of, the dean.- He protested lagaiurit linsty abtlori. (Applause.) ' 'After further dtscussloiv In which" Cnrid'n jGpUiby nn'd Arelideucbri M'Cullngh repeated tlieir, prevjous argmneritS,- and the Rev. IV. i Stacey Cltapmain pleaded for a. postpone- . liient, Canon Potter's amendment was car ried by a large- majority. AreUdencon m'GuI- l'ttgb's addiltlon, "who shall also be dean," : anil, another aiiioudriient adding the words "or a cpadjutar bishop," were rejected.. ..'.. The amended bill wus 'then passed -through ' the entire committee stage, and progress was 'reported at 5 p.m. " THE NEW DIOCESE; . "' ' .' ' ..The next matter brought before. the assem bly wne the formation of "the. proposed. new 'diocese of Bendlgo- It was Introduced by Oanon Godby, who moved — "Tha-t -the recom- ; menilatloiik of the Bishop In council, rela ting to the proposed establishment of; an other di-oei'se iu Victoria, be adopted.'" . ; The. following are the -recommendations of ;t)Uo Bishop iu eounell: — . : 1. Tliat a new diocese is urgently needed, consist'-' ;ing'or tlie irartliern archdeaconries of Sandhurst nnd 'Bcochwartli. 2. Hint it la undesirable 'to idivlde the diocese without an adequate endowment. ' 3; That the assembly lie invited to pas3 an enabling a t-t t"o- provide tor tho ' establishment of a new itUoccse us soon as a nmlMde -inebnte of £3>i00 a year can be -provided, including the appropriation 'of 25 per cent; of tho rental of St. James's land ;in perpetuRy, togot'her with the capital of "the i-iasaie -ncqucsi. -i. inai, m me event oi me as sembly" adopting these resolutions, tliey be submit; ted to the archdoaconries affected. Appended to iihcse recommendations -was an abstract of reports of Uie committee upon which the Bishop in Coun-! "oil framed the above recommendations: — 'Phc com mittee affirms the urgent need, in the interests of Itlie work of the church, ot the subdivision of the dtoceso .of Melbourne, and recommends:— 1. Thait 'immediate steps be taken' to form a diocese of iSandihunst, consisting of the present archdeacon ries ot Sandhurst nnd Beech -worth, in the diocese of tMel-bourue. 2. That tlio new diocese be endowed (with an income consisting of 23 per cent, of jho rents of St. James's lands so soon as the loans sc- cured upon those lands 1 paid. 3. That- until 1 these rents become available the annual sum of I .-C"1300'be given to the new diocese out of tlio con- Isbtidaltcd fund. 4. 'Hint the Bastle bequest, the present income of which is about £260 "a year, bo lta'ndod over wholly to tho iicnv diocese. 5. Tliat 20 per cent of tiro Income of the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund derived from offertories and contributions be given for 10 years to any corresponding fund in the 'now diocese. 6. Tliat, ill the event of the income 'of tlhe bishop of the new diocese being less than '£600 per annum from otacr endowments, it be 'made up to that sum from the amount received . Irom the rents of St. James's land, or the consoli- ' dated fund of the diocese of Melbourne. 7. That : the "Bishop oi Mifllxmmo he requested to write to ' the Society for the Propagation of tho Gospel, tlie -Society for the Promotion of Christian Knowledge, and tlhe trustees of the Colonial Bishopries' Fund, asking for their assistance in the endowment of tlie now see. 8. Unit provision be made on behalf ol tho clergy within the now diocese tor -the preser-- ration of all rights of patronage in the diocese ol Melbourne, and all rights in and claims upon exist ing diocoAin institutions; and for the admission ol the clergy of tlhe new diocese to membership uf any provident funds which may hereafter be cstab- ' fished in the diocese of Melbourne. Canon Guilby said that ill couiuicndlug the reconmrendiitious. lie would first rouilud tbe assembly that the matter was one that affected nut merely Victoria, but -the' en-tire Auglleau Church iu Australia. Its- effects would be felt 'by the cUurc'li at large, and especially at -the approaching celeb ra ttan of the fiftieth year since the assembling of Ibe first Federated Church "Parliament. It was therefore uo mere Victorian ques tion. It would be -necessary in considering it tb refer 'to the Bishop, and to -make refer ences to the spiritual progress made lu ttie northern urchdeaeourleS. In what seemed like fault Uiidlug, lie would like It to -be uu-. derstood that the cause of any failure that might be appnrcuit, wits nut lack of will oa the part of the Bishop, -but the fact tbat it was an absolute physical Impossibility for their Bishop, or a-uy other Bishtrp, to super vise so huge a diocese. The Rev. Mr. Fulford rose to a poluit of -privilege, and contended, that- -the assembly ought to huvc the 'full report anil . not an abstract of -Uie findings ot 'the special committee. Tlie president overruled the point uf privilege,, and .with- some little difficulty induced Mr. Ftilford to allow Oanon Godby to continue! \- Canon Godby, resuming, said it would be necessary, besides referring to-tbe Bidbop, to quote statistics its to a ipartlcnlar piirt of the diocese. The desire. was' not to show that tlie -clergy there were less efficient than In. other parts : and there was no wish on -the part of southern tneu to 't-hrust.out northern men. . (Applause.) lie deprecated any appeal to nortiicrn . men as "northern men" or 'southern men as "southern 'men." The coin"- mlttee hud Issued no figures or cables to. 'the public, and the figures lie' would quote were uo part of the committee's report. After further words' of Introduction, "the canon weu-t.ou to say that "the argumerito used bj Bishop Mooriiouse 14 years ago in favor 'Of the subdivision of "the diocese were, every word, true to-day. Since 1885 some 040 con- gcegnitioiis and 05 clergymen had been added to. tbe diocese, aid provision bad been made for 20,000 extra worshippers. Last- 'year, however; there was an 4-nicroaso of only 231 young peoiple coiiflrined over the figures for 18S5. How did this compare with 640 places of'-woitsbllp? Then, although bhey bnd made provisleu for 20,000 more worsblppors, tlieir returns sbowed only an Increase o£ 7700 per sons, though the communicants had In- creased by 9000. When the two northern archkleacourles were considered I t wns found that In 1885 there were 34 -parishes and dis tricts with 10, ISO worshippers, and 3104 com municants. Tho number ef "people confirmed at 15 con'tirmWtlons was 879. In 189S there were, 04 "parishes witb iin increase in number of -worshippers amounting, to 3159, and of couiimiunieants 'to 2167, but the number of persons confirmed at 29 places was 297 less than 15 years ago. Tbe explanation of this way not tounil In the suggestion that there wci'e tower con-fiiWatlims 15 years ago than now. Tbe lessen of the figures 'was that a subdivision of the diocese was imperatively necessary. It had been said tha-t on Indica tion tot God's -will wl-tb regard to the sub division of tbo. diocese was. nccessaty. Was it to' be ' In tlbc form of £100,000 from' heaven, or was It' to . be found In <tho ' tramendous need that stared them in blie face erc-ry: time t'licy con- sl'doreil the splrltnia'1 "progress of "the dhieese? (Applause.) God had tohl them He wanted a bishop Elierc, because He had told -them the work wanted one. ' (Applause.) /Tlio eeinon next spoke of tlie -suggested -appoint ment of a coadjutor bishop, and -rejected tliat -solution as liia'deqiilite and likely' to lead to difficulty -when -a frcsli appointment to lire sec was made! The only function -a coadju tor. could perform -of right was -that of eon- firmalUoii, iiiu'd tbe mere -relieving tbe pre sent bishop of 20 or 30 confirmation's would not touch the siltuiitlon the diocese bad to rlrtfii! vmIiHIia' f Atnniljiin,Sf» Y -The nesombly adjourned at 6 p.m. Oa reassembling at 7.30 -p. in., ; Onnou Godby, iMuifinuiug Ills speech, said that all the eudownuent needed for the new diocese was such, ns .would enable .the pre sent work In the north to be carried on pins Hie stipend of "the bishop.. . Melbourne's share ivas one-fourth, or 25 per' cent., ot, tlie rents of "the St. James's lands.- It would nlso give the Ilnstle bequest and tlie aimoimts from the Bishop of -Melbourne's fun-d. Then there iv.ould be the local resources, . for he was not going to Insult 'the men of the Wealthy city of Bendlgo' and the fertile plains of the n'ontli liy doubting whether, they would' aid the new .'bishopric. Nei'er was a diocese started witli so much of the costly pioneer work., done. . (Applause.) Leaving fln'ance, tbe canon spoke of the seu- thneutal and' other ""difficulties urged by Critics;' The clergy 'In '-the no'rtli wo-ulil, lie told, li'na'o' to sacrifice lliti'cb' through stipnrii-: tloii froni; the"'dlbcese of 'Mdibourne, and ho sympathised with them. -But; tills scpara- ilon-iwa's "liiore ImaglnnTy than real, for tlio first step after the formation of the uew_ diocese would be the' establishment of a proviriclal synod, "'wlilch' would bring the loading clergy together owoe In every two or tlireb years. (Applause.) Archdenc'on Lnhgloy seconded, and strongs lv onnoscil tlie coadjutor blshon nronosnl as n "lmlf and half "measure, which would brily save £600 a year. He sympathised with tlie clergy In the north! and had billy entered tbe present scheme oil tire definite mider,- stnndlng tliat separation would toot'liitc'rfere with tho preferment rights ot Ills brethren'.' ' Archdeacon MaoCullngh. speaking 'as one who had lived 29 years iu the north, nnd know the difficulties. nnd 'hardship's of cleri cal life there, opposed "the formation'.' of the new' diocese at present. It ivas, lie siild, all very "well to say they "wore all' one, mid to talk aliput mon'of 'the north coming to the south.,' There ivas iiot a. ghost of a ebaiice of 'their coming. .''(A'pplnuse.) .Bring In. ii clergyman from another diocese, and where did the oneness" eoine in? What nonsense it was! They were told "we" must exercise self -'denial. YYko were the '"we"? (Lpud np- liiuse.) It ivas only- ."we" In the north who must exercise self-denial. Who could be suffi- cleritly self-denying to live, on £180 a year? -Tbo Rev. Gladstone: Here's a man who does it on £120. (Laughter.) Archdeacon MneCulfiigb said that uiueli lmd been beard about "tlhe fertile plains" ot the north. Many men must have stalled when tliey heard That. For years tlie far-, mere .liad not go"t out of- the ground tho value of ivlrn't "they put Into It, and were quite" dependent .on an u-nemttain rainfall. Tlie land was fa fling Into 'the. bands of a few "men, and tbo result would be tliat the intrmers would be driven out, and 'the popu lation -would decrease. As it was the popu lation Was very much smaller now than 10 yenrs ago. There 'ivas Wo analogy between England and Australia 1n tills matter. In the north they hail a handful of people scattered over a large area; they had not' that - In England. Personally," lie believed In a new diocese, but uutil provision .was likely -to be made which would prevent Those Who labored In the north from being ground down by poverty! he. -thought it best to wait. God would, indicate his purpose In 'the to after by providing tbe -means. Tbe Archdeacon, who spoke under physical difficulties, owing Ito Indisposition, conclud ed with a plea for consideration of tho financial difficulties of -those amongst whom be'had lived and.annongst whom 'he expected to die. (Loud applause.) ' Canon Tucker, In supporting the proposals, said That what ivas spoken of as a "hand ful of people" In -the worth represented a population larger than 7 out of the 13 Australian dioceses. The formation of the new diocese was a mutter of extreme urgency. Judge Moleswortli moved the adjourn ment at in p.-m.' The assembly continues Its sitting at 3 p.m. to-day. 