At -- 1i Itiiy Ai jiiititiit iit tXOITEMENT IN TrE NEIGII DOURHOOD. Tho' some sceptics may deny belief in visitants from another sphere, yet with the majority of folk the belief dies iard. ' ' Miss Marner, of "Lamington," Vic toria-road, Auburn, Victoria, has more than once seen something resembling a ghost-when, for instance, she looked in her mirror, so debilitated was she by sany month's illness. She says:- '".I commenced, some two years ago, to.feel very ill after returning home from school. 'I did not feel sufliciently tiinaell to take to my bed, but ex perienced a continued languid feeling that mad me most miserable. Father took me to see'a doctor, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so, there was no fear of my disobeying this order, and I took Otho," quinine tonic"" given me, with regularity. Then I commenced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest." " We tried everything to induce sleep," interposed Mr. Marner, "but without effect; then 1 consulted a well \\.known Collins Street practitioner. "He 'id my daughter was suffering princi y from weakness, and advised a ch.e Her mother took her away for to Queensland, but she re turnltlooking worse. She would also refch Nrising in the morning; any food t coull not be kept down. She lost and becamne a meremgost." S'This last year," said Miss Alice, "I ' ed 7st. 131bs,, now I am 9st. 71bUi\ " A great ?ts vement; your treat ment must hav en beneficial 7" "No; all the n.icine 1 got did me very little good. t?fally, Dr. Wil liama' Pink Pills or Pale People deserve that credit. 'est before the Jubilee holidays, fathe\lonught me a box of Dr. Williams' PihPills at Mr. Pleasance's, Chapel Ste. Prahran; they. did me so much good h~t I con tinued with them. It is a lbg time since I discontinued taking th~ and I am now as healthy as snye' could wish." .. 'And you' would reomimend ilm l'. "Yea; and that strongly too," kid Mfr. Marner, " had 1 known of lir. .Williains' Pink Pills two years befor.e 'it'-would have saved me a hundi-l pounds." . ;jThere are many readers who may be fortunate enough to save their pockets if they act as this young lady. did. Dr. W:,Williams' Pink Pills will cure anitmia, weak heart,'sleeplessness, scrofula, con. -ai-ilutions chronic erysipelas, debility, 'indigestion, liver and kidney diseases, " add chest and lung troubles, pale and sallow complexious, paralysis, locomotor atsxia, nouralgia, StL.itiis'. dnce' and nervous headache, and hll nervous dmi .,Orders. They are sold by chemists and . storelkeepers, and by the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., c/o Rocke, Tompsitt &? Co., Flindeis Street, Mell,nnrne, at two and nine a box, or six for fifteen anti .Ithreepence; but are genuine only with Sthe full name (seven words), Dr. Wil .-lirua Iuk pills for Pale People, on each box. Thousands have testified to their curative powers. \- 1 