My Bob Bootle. There never bad been bucIi a time for poor folk, at least so said the inhabitants of Great Ditchley, aud Great Ditchley sbonld know, I think, considering it had been a Tillage ever since Hampshire had •been a, county. Why, here was March, and Frost still lording it over the waters, and showering his white fleece upon the land; here was flour at such a figure that the seven years' youngster could carry, and easily, as much as could be afforded by the whole family for a week's consumption. Aud yet in spite of hard frost, and hard times the malo folk of Ditchley still met in solemn conckvc at the Cherry Apple, not that the landlord of that hostel gave trast, not be, but he liberally kept the big fire burning in the common room, and there the poorest of his guests dozed from morn till night, with the table for a mattress and their arms for bolsters, and Atfhen iiot asleep amused themselves by playing shove-ha'penny, or the more brain-racking and ennobling game of coddam. We, of course, do not wish our readers to suppose that the whole of the village -played for beer at the Cherry Apple, as one person at all events might take excep tio< to such a bold assertion. Johnny Uootle, the barber, dentist, apothecary, and sometimes schoolmaster, though the last person whom it would be ' supposed ••was not a regular frequenter of , ?tbe-inu, iu fact, only visited the house at mid-day, and that was-when he went with liis little brown mug to get his half pint of ale lo wash down his hot dinner of bread, cheese, and raw onions. Poor Johnny was a widower with one little boy—a village urchin, who -was always getting into trouble, aud always as -a rate getting out of it with eclftt, bis very rascalities turning in the end tq his ad Tantage. Notably upon one . occasion when he abstracted a suit from the tailor' •three-roomed house at Ditchley, a suit •with mortar-board bat included, and that belonged to a farmer's youngster just home from :a college. Master Bob Bootle, arraying "himself in the 6tolen apparel, ^coolly .walked into the village church the following Sunday, received a new shilling from a purblind old lady, who mistook him -for the parson's son, and • actually secured a bran new Tjook of common prayer from the verger, who was so struck with the little fellow's supposed piety in attending ^church-all alone, that, meeting Km at the door, he put him into the ppw belonging to the Squire's family, who, at the time being away in London, were not, vf coarse, present in the Jholy precints of Ditchley Church. Replacing his -borrowed plnmes the next day, lio one ever hfeard of Master Bob's escapade for weeks after, and then •its relation was a stable joke at the Cherry Apple. It was the last day of March; the frost S?. bard and obstinate as ever, and Ditchley as sleepy- looking, and ancient and forlorn as usual, when within the common room of the Cherry Apple there was a very nnusnal commotion. -foe Bmdkin, the pig driver, was there, Stiles, the Ledger and ditcher, Buffkins, tie village carpenter,, and Joo Spoopenfyke, the smith; all wez-e seated round the table in earnest conversation,,shoveha'penny and coddam for the time being was forgotten, a topic of exciting interest was being conversed upon that caused everything else -to be erased from the memory of the little coterie. Jolinny Bootle had got the brokers in. The hard winter had -put thB finishing stroke to a series of misfortunes that had followed his wife's death tltree years fcifotE, -«nd without a Earthing in the worltithe poor widower had come to ruin attest. 'Md m after hem', father and son, wwck a, hundred years in that house, iWnnny aufl young Bob are to be turned ottt- iffcer all, are they ?' said the pig dorer, who, though a solid-headed, was a fcino-hfearted man, >Ct'4Ibe main hafd lines; poor Johnny 1 I;** mtfta eorry for 'un,' said Buffkins, the carpenter. By tacit consent they all leftthe inn, and making their way to the residence of Johnny Bootle, were in time to see the last article of furniture taken £n/m the house. Beer ®nd a few halfpence collected his|joorfeHow villagers was afterbrought to poor Johnny Bootle by honest Joe Rudkin, who was then glad to hurry away from the sad and chilling scene. All gone at last! furniture brokers, condoling neighbours, and all. And in the waning evening light.the poor widower and his youthful son -sat alone upon a bench lent them by the carpenter Buffkins. , ' It's come «t last, .Bob, and it ain't as •if l was a man'usod to this kind o' thing. Lord! our people was always well off, Bob. You.great grandfather, who was a sailor, made a, fortune I've heard. And. ;then his father, he was a butler and kept an inu twiee the size of the Cherry Apple, whilst my-poor old iiad, your grandfather, made a vpileof money abroad.' ' And Vhat did he do with it, father ?' said'Master Bob, ruefully. ' What did he do with it ? Why lost it, Bob.' 'How ; had 'he got a hole in his pocket?' said Bob/this time with a grin. • Well, I don't know about that, Bob. Ho had a hole in his upper storey,' I tliiuk, to go and plank down all his fortune upon the gaming table and the turf as he did.' ' Ah, yes; I've hoard all about it from poor mother. And now, what are we going to do, dad; -walk to London ? I fancy that's the only thing to be done. You can get a job there. There's as much shaving, I've been told in Loudon during one day, as we've had in Ditchley for the past five hundred years. My only game here is to call away, a living scarecrow bauging the clappers to frighten the birds ; aud I can't get a job at that now because I'm froze-out.' ' I'm afraid we shall have to go to London, Bob, though it will be dreadful to me to leave this cottage where I was born,' said the poor, forlorn widower as he drqw liis baud across his eyes that, in spite of his son's jovial spirits under their misfortune, were growing suspiciously moist. ' Well, dad, you know the old saying, "What can't be cured must be endured." After a storm a calm. Who knows? something may turn up. You've educated me, father, given me all the knowledge you ever had, and up in London we shall bo appreciated, perhaps. And now, as they haven't pulled down the old sum mer-house built by my grandfather, I'll lug away Borne of it, and we'll have a bi: fire and a supper to-night if we fast to morrow,' said the lad, with an attempt at a laugh. ' The old arbour that has stood many winter's storm. Well, as we have 1 fuel, Bob, as you suggest, we may as well pull a portion of it down. The frost to- night is intense. How the wind blows It's beginning to snow, too, Bob. What a night! and our. poor little home bare and bleak !' 'Aud some poor creatures to-night would be glad of the shelter of its four walls, dad ' ' I stand reproved, Bob. But you arc young—you are young, boy, while for me —age robs mo of all nerve and courage. ' Care killed a cat, dad. When things are at the worst, they may mend. Dark is the hour before the dawn. They call me Lucky Boa. I may earn a lot of money, as much as grandfather ever had, up in London; who knows ?' said the light-hearted boy, as followed by his un fortunate, broken-spirited parent, he made his way out into the garden at the back of the cottage. There at the bottom of the large piece of ground, between two apple trees, stood a summer-house, that, built of oak and beech, had remained for many years, braving alike the storms and tempests of summer and winter, its sides and roof still intact, and looking in the thick, driving snow quite comfortable that night. ' Better have the old seat up, dad Perhaps we might.get the landlord of the Cherry Tree to buy the arbour after all it's just what he wants for his garden,' exclaimed Bob, who now, pulling might and main at the seat at the back of the summer-house, caused not only the top part to give way, but its supports also, the consequence being that he was thrown flat on his back, a loud cry from his father causing him, however, to quickly start up to his feet again. '•It's all right, dad.; I'm not hnrt. Sat what are you staring at? Not grand father's ghost ?' ' No, Bob; but look, see what you've done!' Following with his-eyes the direction of his father's shaking, fingers, Bob now erceived that in rending away the seat Ee had caused an upheaval of a portion of the flooring, a dark, open cavity now yawning at their feet. What a jolLy .great hole, dad,' said Bob, who, stooping down and glancing into the black abyss, laughed aloud. Presently, upon -groping with his hands down the oavity, he exclaimed • ' It's not much of a hefle, after all, father. Why, I can almost feel the bottom of it, aud, hy Jove ! it-s bricked all round like a vault. What the deuce can it bo ? But, wait a minute; I'll run in and bring out the lantern. I should like to find out what it'really is.' Absent only for a few minutes, upon returning with a light, Bob found that his father was kneeling hy the hole, his face White as the failing snow and his eyes roliing and flashing with excitement, as he exdaimed, in a husky voice: •'There's a small box down there, Bob. It-^ifc mnst have -been there for years. 1 ' Hurrah, dad I and was put there by grandfather,' cried the hoy, who, , now throwing himself upon the ground and making a strange soml—an odd mixture of laughing and crying—presently, with-a lace almost as whito as his parent's, dragged up from the hole a small wooden box—a box fastened with a padlock and clamped with iron. To break the decayed woodwork with a 6pade was the work of a moment. Wildly the father and eon now gazed at the eight before them. The little box -split open, a shower of gold coins had rolled out, forming A perfect mound. There lay the coins,-tarnished and flashing sullenly in the lantern's light, as though sulky at being disturbed from their long ropose in their dark hidingplace. The father and Bon, recovering from their surprise, in half-au-hour the treasure had been conveyed into the house, the hole being filled up and the seat in the arbour replaced. Scarce had this been accomplished when, answering a loud kuock at the daor, the kind-hearted Joe Rudkin appeared upon the threshold laden with blankets and sheets -sent by his good dame. Informed of what had taken place, the pig-driver shouted uproariously, exclaiming : 'Lucky Bob! dang it, here's a go! I'll go round aud borrow the miller's cob, and I wager I'll find those coves with the van. They haven't been away from Cherry Tree mor'n a hour.' Joe lludkin did como up with the van, and before twelve that night the goods had been brought back again, all Ditchley alive with, the news. The next day, from a handful of the guineas, Johnny Bottle had paid the landlord of the Cherry Tree a sum, in return for which beer, eggs, and bacon, with spirits ad hi, had to be provided for every resident in Ditchley, the feast being eaten in the big room of the inn, where the guests grew hoarse in hurraying Johnny Bootle and his son, Lucky Bob. 