Sermon. bur Own Dear Shepherd. Br the Late Ret. C. H. Sitbgeo.n-. I am the good Shepherd, and know Aly sheep, and am known of Mine. As the Father knowcth Ate, even so know I the Father; and I lay down My life for the sheep —John x. U, 15. The text in its natural form should read, I am the good Shepherd : and I know Mine own, and Mine own know 31c, even as the Father knoweth Me, and I know the Father; ana I lay down My life for the sheep." This reading is that of the Revised Version. For that Revised Version I have bat little care as a rule, holding it to be by no means an improvement upon oar common Authorised Version. It is a" useful thing to have it for private reterence. But on this occasion the Revised Version is true to the. original. He who speaks to us in these words is the Lord Jesus Christ. He spoaks, and speaks about himself. It were not seemly for me, or for you, to extol our* selves; but there i* nothing, more comely in the world than for Christ to commend Himself, and when he speaketh forth His own gloiy, we feel that His speech is not vain glory ; nay, rather, when He praises Himself, thank Him for so doing, and admire the lowly condescension # which permits Him to desire and accept honour from such poor hearts as ours. 1\. Think of Christ as the Shepherd. The Eastern shepherd is generally the owner of the flock, orat least the son of the owner, and so the proprietor iu prospect. The sheep are his own. English shepherds seldom, or never, own the sheep; they are employed to take care of them.- The Oriental shepherd re members how he came into possession of the flock, and when and where each of the present sheep was born. His wealth consists in them. He very seldom has much of a house, and he does not usually own much land. He takes his sheep over a good stretch of country, which is open common for all his tribe; but his possessions lie in his flocks. Ask him, " How much are you worth 5" He answers, "I own so many sheep." Hi the Latin tongue the word for money is akin to the word " sheep," because, to many of the first Romans, wool was their wealth, and their fortunes lay in their flocks. The Lord Jesus is our Shepherd: we arc His wealth. If yon ask what is His heritage, He tells you of ,;the riches of the glory of His inheritance In the saints." Ask him what are jewels, and He replies, " They shall he Mine in that day." If you ask Him where His treasures are, He will tell you, "The Lord's portion is _ His people. Jacob is the lot of his inheritance." The Lord Jesus Christ has nothing that He values as He does His own people. For their sake He gave . up all that He hud. and died on the cross. The shepherd, us he owns the flock, is also the caretaker. He takes care of them always. Our Lord Jusus is never off duty. He has constant care of His people day and night. He has declared it—** For Zion's sake will Inot hold 'My peace, and for Jerusalem's sake I will not rest." He' can truly say what Jacob did—" In tho day the drought consumed me, and the frost by night." He says of liis flock what He says of His garden, •' I the Lord do keep it; lest any hurt it, 1 will keep it night and I keep ; . day." Then He has to be the provider too, for there is not a woolly head among them that knows anything about the finding and selecting of pasturage. The season may be ■very dry, and where there once was grass there may be nothing but a brown powder. It may be that herbage is only to "be found by the side of the rippling brooks, here and there a bit; but the sheep do .not know anything about that; the shepherd must know everything for them. The shepherd is the sheep's pro vidence. Both for time and for eternity, /or body and for soul, our Lord Jesus supplies all our needs out of His riches in glory. He is the great storekeeper from -which we derive everything. He has provided, He does pro vide, and He will provide; and each one of us may therefore sing, "The Lord is my Shepherd; I Shall not "Want.'' Moreover, He has to be the leader. He leads the sheep ! wherever they have to go. I have often been astonished at the shepherds in the south of France, which is so much like Palestine, to see where they will take their sheep. They follow the shepherd, and away he goes up the steep hillsides, tatnng long steps, till he reaches points where the grass is growing on the sides of the hills. He knows the way. and the sheep have nothing to do but to follow him wherever he goes. Theirs not to ■ make the way; theirs not to choose the path; j but theirs to keep close to his heels. Do you not see our blessed Shepherd leading your own pilgrimage ? Cannot you see Him guid ing your way r Do you not say, " Fes, He leadcth rne, and it is ray joy to follow r" Lead on, blessed Lord, and we will follow the traces of Thy feet. The shepherd in the east has also to be the defender of the Hock, for wolves yet prowl in those regions. All sorts of wild beasts attack the flock, and he must be to the front. Thus is it with our Shepherd. No wolf can attack us without finding our Lord in arms against Him. No lion can roar upon the flock without arousing a greater than David. " He that kecpeth Israel shall neither slumber nor sleep." Notice that the text puts an adjective upon the Shepherd, decorating Him with a chain of gold. The Lord Jesus Him self says, "I am the good Shepherd"—that is, He is not a thief that steals, and only deals with tlio sheep as he bears them from the fold to the slaughter. He is not a hire ling; He does not do merely what He is paid to do or commanded to do, but He does every thing con amove, with a willing heart. He throws His soul iato it. There is a tenderness, a willingness, a powerfulness, a force, an energy, in all that Jesus does, that makes Him to be the best possible. Shepherd that can be. He is the good Shepherd; good up to the highest point of goodness, good in uH that is tender, good in all that is kind, jrood in all the directions in which a shepherd can be needed. The Shepherd; the real, the truest, the best, the most sure example of shepherdry is the Christ Himself. 2\. Next notice the complete knowledge. The knowledge of Christ towards His sheep, and of the slietp towards Hira, is wonder' fully complete. First, consider Christ's knowledge of his own, and the comparison by which Ho sets it.forth: "As the Father knoweth Me." I cannot conceive a stronger comparison. Post thou know how much the Father knows the Son, who is His glory. His darling, His alter ego, His other self—yea, one God with Him ? Post thou know how intimate the knowledge of the Father must be of His Sun, who is His own wisdom—ay, who is His own self ? The Father and the Son are one Spirit. We cannot tell how intimate is that knowledge; and yet so inti mately, so perfectly does the great Shepherd know'Hissheep. "He knows their number. He will never lose one. He will count them all again in that day .when the sheep shall pass again under the hand of Him that telieth them, and then He will make full tale of them. " Of all that Thou hast given Me, I have lost none." He knows their persons. He knows the age and character of every one of His own. He assures us that tho very bairs of our head are all numbered. Christ has not an unknown sheep. It is not possible tbat be should have overlooked or forgotten one of them. He has such an intimate knowledge of all. Redeemed with His precious blood—that he never mistakes one of them for another, nor misjudges one of them. He knows their constitutions—those that are weak and feeble, those that are nervous and frightened, those that are strong, those that have a tendency to presumption, those that are sleepy, those that are brave, those that are auk, sorry, worried, or wounded. He knows those that are hunted by the devtl; those that aro caught up between the jaws of the Hon and shaken till the very life is almost driven out of them. He knows their feelings, fears, and frights. He knows our secret ins and outs better than any one of us knows himself. He knows our trials—the peculiar trial under which you are now bowed down, my sister; our difficulties—that special difficulty which seems to block up your way, my brother, at this very time. All the ingredients of our life-cup are known to Him. "I know mine own, as the Father knoweth He." The second part of the subject is»our knowledge of the Lord, and the fact by which it is illustrated. " And Mine own know Me, even as I know the Father." It is easy for Him to know me. The marvel is that I should ever know Him. That such a stupid; blind, deaf, dead soul as mine should ever know Hira, and should know Him as He knows the Father, is ten thousand miracles in one. Oh, sirs, this is a wonder so great that I do not tbiak you and I have come at it yet to the full, or else we should sit down iu glad surprise and say, "This proves Hira to be the good Shepherd indeed, not only that He knows His flock, hut that He has taught them so well that they know Hira I" With Mich a flock as Christ has, that He should be able to train His sheep to know Him, and to know Him as He knows the Father, is miraculous. 3\. Lastly, note the complete sacrifice. The complete sacrifice is thus described: "Iiay down My life for the sheep." He did not die for the sheep merely, hut He laid dowu His life, which is andther thing, litany a man hasdiedforChrist; it was all tliathc could do. But wc cannot lay down our lives, because they are due already as a debt of naturo to God. and wc :irc not permitted to die at our own wills. That were 6uicidal and improper.* With the Lord Christ it was totally different. He was, as it were, actively passive. "I lay down My life for the sheep. I have power to lay it down, aud I have power to take it again. This commandment liavo I received of My Father." I like to think of our good Shepherd, not merely as dying- for us, lmt as willingly dying—laying dov n His life; ivliile He had that life, using it for us; and when the time came, putting off that life on our behalf. This has now been done. "I lay down My life for the sheep" may now be read, "I have laid down my life for the sheep." For you, beloved, He has given His hands to the nails, and His feet to the cruel iron. For you He has borne the fever and the bloody sweat; for you He has cried, " Eloi, Kloi, lama sabach thani" ; for you Ho has given up tbo ghost. And the beauty of it is that He is not ashamed to avow the object of it. "X lay down My life for the sheep." Whatever Christ did for the world—and I am not one of those who would limit the bearings of the death of Christ npon the world—vet His. peculiar glory is, *'1 lay down My life for the sheep." Great Shepherd, "do you mean to say that you have died for such as these? What I for these sheep? Son of God, infinitely great aud inconceivably glorious Jehovah, wouldst Thou lay Tliy life downformen and women? They are no more in comparison with Thee than so many ants and wasps, pitiful and obnoxious creatures. Thou conldst malrc ten thousand millions of them with a word, or crush them out of existence at one blow of Thy hand. They are poor things, make the most you can of them. They have hard hearts and wandering wills; and the best of them are no better than they should be. Saviour, didst Thou die for such ? He looks round, and says, " Yes, I did. I did. I laid down My life for the sheep. I am not ashamed of them, and I am not ashamed to say that I died for them." Ho, beloved, He is not ashamed of His dying love. He has told it to His brethren up yonder, and made it known to all the servants in His Father's house, and this has become the song of that house, "Worthy is the Lamb that was slain!" Shall we not take it up and say, 41 For Thou wast slain, and hast redeemed us to God bv Thy blood "? He makes it His boast, when He speaks of His chosen, that He suffered in their'stead— that He bore, that they might never hear, the wrath of God on account of sin. What Ho glories in, we also glory in. " God forbid that X should glory save in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom the world is crucified unto me, and I unto the world!" 