THE 111! BF TEE CUFFS. CHAPTER XXIX.— (Continued.) 'Well, what else ? said Nugent, alinoat giddy with strange apprehension. 'Then I come homo,' went on tbe boy, reluc tantly; 'but I wanted to bear who he was, and what be was going to do. So I came back and stood where I could see them without they seeing me. I couldn't Bee liis face, 'cause bo bad his baok turned, but I could hear them talking. He asked her to go with him and marry him, or something, and she said she wouldn't, and then- — ' Again the boy paused, and covered his fane with a shudder. ' Well, and then,' said Nugent, in a voice tbat sounded husky and unnatural. ' He got awfully angry, and cook out a long knife ; and I got frightened and ran away,' said the boy, trembling at the recollection. Nugent paused for a moment to master the emotion that threatened to unman him. Then, -with an effort at calmness, be said c ' 'And what followed next ?' ' I went home and went into bed,' continued Eddy ' until I heard them Binging out ' fire,' and then I .got up and wont to tbo bluff, and tbe barn was burning; I eaw the man in the crowd, but I was afraid to speak to him, be seemed so wild-like. When the barn was all burned down, the people wont a tray, and I saw him go off into the woods, and that's nil I know.' ' Merciful Heaven !' exolaimed Nugent, reeling 'back as though stunned dy a heavy blow, ' Edith is murdered 1' ' And Fred Stanley is her murderer,' eaid the major, in a voice eo deep and unearthly, that it (teemed to issue from tho jaws of death. 'It cannot be! it cannot be ! it is monstrous ! impossible ! abBurd !' exclaimed Nugent, in the , excitement, ' Fred Stanley could never bo an / assassin 1' ' I tell you ho has murdered her,' said his fathor, in a tono of concentrated fierceness ; ' and by the Heaven above us, his life shall pay for bora. An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth, und a life for. a life 1' ho oried, rushing madly from tbe house. Nugent followed ; and fouling the necessity for calmness and firmness in tho dreadful crisis, he laid his hand on his arm, and arrested his flying steps. ? ' Father, father ! be cairn ! bo calm for Heaven's sake 1 Think of ray, mother, if she sees you thus, and hears this new* ; tbe shock will kill her. For her sake, compose yoursult and bo calm.' ' Culm, sir 1 dare you talk of calmness when my daughter baa been foully assassinated P Ob, Edith! my child! my child! I will not tbink of mourning for theo until I have bad vengeance on thy murderer !' ' 'Father, it is impossible that Prod Stanloy has been guilty of this dreadful deed. I will never believo it 1' cried Peroivnl, excitedly. 'A nobler heart never beat within tbo breast of man than his.' ' Who else is thero to. havo dono such an aot P' said tho major passionately j ' did we not part in Bngor a few hours before. I tell you tbore was murdor in his flashing eyes, as I watched him ride away. You hoard hoir it occurred. Ho urged her i'o fly with him. She, dreading my anger, refuted, and no doubt maddened by bar resistance, he slew her on tbe spot. Oh, my daughter ! my daughter ! why was I not near to save you from bo droadful a fnto !' He wrung bia bauds, and groaned aloud in bitter anguish. ' But the villain shall meet bis doom,' he ngaiu ? exolaimod, with tha old fierceness flashing in his eyes j ' this vory day shall he be arrested !' Thoy walked oninsilenco, until they reached tho foot of tho bluff. ' Lot us visit tho scono of the tragedy,' said Nugent, as thoy paused for a moment to contotn plato tbe heap of blaolr, smoking ruins. ??? They turned to UBCend. Scarcely had thoy gone a dozen stops when tho mnjor's eyo fell on eomn thing bright gloaming among tho rooks. Ho atooped to pick it up, and storied buck with a cry of horror. It was tho fatal dngger, red with still undried blood. As ho turned ib over, hi 8 eyo foil on tbo jnamo ongr&ven; on tho handle — Frederic Stanley.' 'Just Huaven ! how wonderful is tby retribu tion 1' ho exclaimed, i\a ho handed thu knife to his son. ' With this fatal blndo the deed was dono, and tho murderer's narno is on it. In tho excite ment of tbo moment, he has oast it awuy and for got it.' Pale with horror, Nugent oxaminod it. Ho had often soon tho dagger with Fred j it had boon given him by his fathor in bis boyhood, and was prized as his gift. I'o doubt his guilt longer, aoomod out of the question, and yob how could ho believo him guilty P Frod 'Stanley, bo bravo, so gonorous, so noblo-lionrtod, guilty of do droadful a ciimo. Oh, nevor, novorl Tho thought was to unnatural to bo ontertninod. 1 Thoy stood at length, gazing' with feelings impossible to doncribo on tho smouldering remains of tho fire. Tnero Edith had boon slain, find her body hod poriahed utnid thu flainea. It was with vory different fleolings they stood gazing upon, tbo charred and smoking rninp. In Major Poroival's breaBt, nbovo evory other feeling, was tho floret.1, burning deBiro for vongoanco.' Ho ?could scarcely .think of Borrow, so fierce was liiB desiro for revonge; it sccinod au injustice to hor memory to allow her nmrdoror ono moment long'or ? to burden tho earth. Hanging soomnd a thousand tlmos too good for him, and ho would have givon ?worlds to boo him broken on thn wheel, torturod on the rack, or1 roasted at a dIow llro for the orimo ho had committed. In Nugont'n lienrl., horror for her ninfcer'n dreadful fate, a fueling of rumorso that ho had not been ni'ar to bhvo her, were mingled with ngonizing doubts, whethnr or not to buliovo Fred Stanley gullt.y. One moment, hn almost hatod hiniBolf for believing him oapablc of such an action j nnd then tho Bturtling train of circumstantial ovidonoe would aiiuo before him, uutil thero Boomed no lou|5«r room for (ho shadow of a doubt. Amid nil thin war of (jon/lieting emotions, neither of them Buspeored Ralph du Lisle whom they imagined .far nwny. 'IIo! what havo wo hero P' oxulaimod Nugent, Bltddunly, na n portion of a bluu aunrf caught his oyo, lying undor n charred anil brolton ntlok. Ho picked it up. Both recognized it an ono Edith had ?worn that fntnl night. It wau oe rich, bluo Bilk, ornbroidorod with nilvnr fringo, iiud now moro than linlf burned. It was spotted with blood, and noar ? thn'and wnn a holo, exactly such as would bo inado Dy tho dagger. .... ., „ . , ., 1 ' It is but another proof of hid guilt, naid tho mnjor, in n low, tliiok vnion. 'Oh, Edith I Edith 1 but, thero i.i no timo for mourning ! Whon juntiou is satisfied thoro will bo timo enough for toam.' ' Ills ovt'B worn burning and loarlenu, lua faoo waa deadly pnlo, but tboro wau a look of floroo dotormi aatlou in his fnoo. A.s they re- entorpd the vllln/?o, thoy woro mot by tbo buatiing Httlu landlord of tho Inn. .-it Ah 1 rood morning. Mnjor Poroivnl ! good morning, Mr; Nugent I flno day this i boon up to tho fire, In'pouei quo«r thing that, queor thing. 'B'dobo you -haven't soon anything of a tall follow iu .a black olcmk. and hut ovor bin faco, hoy P 'What of him?' said Nugent, with breathless interest. 'Ob, nothing! nothing ! only he came here late last night, and ordered a room ; and then went out and dido'K come in till after midnight. Two or three minutes after he was off to the fire, and since bhen nobody's seen him. Funny chp.p ! went off without paying the reckoning, and drank more brandy than I like to think of. Good morning !' And the landlord buBtled away. Major Perciyal hurried to the nearest magistrate to make a deposition of tho case, and obtain a war rant for the arrest of Fred Stanley. Nugent, find ing the task of announcing tbe dreadful news de volved upon him, hastened borne — Btunned and bewildered, like one who. walks, in a dream. Gently as he broke tbe news to them, tho effect was terrible. Mrs. Percival fell into violent con vulsions, and was carried to her room. Nell grew deadly white, and snch a feeling of skikness came over her, that for tbe moment she was on the verge of fainting. But when Bhe heard Fred accused as the murderer, indignation restored her fco herself, and she exclaimed, vehemently : . ' ' I'll never believe it— never, nevor ! I would as soon credit it, Nugent, if they said you did it yourself, Ob, how dreadful 1 how dreadful !— to think we wero all here, dancing and enjoying our selves, and Edith lying cold and dead, without one friend near to aid her! Ob, Edith, Edith, Edith ! my dearly-beloved sister 1' . . ' ' She covered her faco with her hands, nnd wept so hysterically that both Nugent and Gus were alarmed. Tho latter endeavoured to- console her ; but she pushed him away, saying : ' . 'No, no ! let mo alone 1 Oh, Edith, Edith I my murdered sister 1' And all through that day she wandered about the gloomy house, wringing her hands and repeat ing that dear name — her pale face,' dishevelled hair, and disordered drcBS giving her tbo look of ono insane. It was a silent and gloomy mansion, indeed. Tho servants, pale with horror, atolo about as noiselessly aa ghosts through tho house, still as tho grave, aava when a wild shriek from tho dark ened room of Mrs. Percival, would reach their oarB. And Null wandered vacantly about, twiBting her pale fingers and repeating, ' Edith 1 Edith !' — seeing but ono objeot : tho murdered form of her sister. Through tho village the news had spread like wildfire. Men wore gathered in groups. at every corner, talking over the tragio occurrence; women forgot their household affairs to speak of the good neBs of tho murdered girl, and weep over her untimely fate— for Edith waa universally beloved. People spoke of it in low whispers, for the whole affair seamed wrapped in mystery. Never had such a thing been heard of before in that quite little village) and they almost hold their breatb, as thoy wondored whoso turn if would be 'next. .. (To he continued.) 