I THE BADGE MATCHES. I RANDWICK t. WALLAROO. This match was played for the Sydney Cricket Ground, I and the result was a win for Wallaroo by 11 points to nil. 'The turns were - Uti ml wick. James McMahon, full-back, Swann, Duggan, and Rivers, three- quarters, Miller and Coulson, five-eighths, first, half, A Scott, Beaumont, Costello, Junee, John a son, John McMahon, Chambers, and SI t, forward Wallaroo Gardiner, full-back ; White, Kew, and Sprang, three-quarters, I O Donn veil and butter, live eighths , H'Cormaclc, half, Webb, J O'Donnell, Wheel, r, (inn, is chill, Lindholm, FUnd, title! stuck, forwards Wallaroo won the toss, and the kick-off was returned to midway From there Wallaroo walked the hall well down, and Randwick were called upon to defend Some clever passing by "M'Cormack to I O'Donnell wound up with Spring getting possession, and he made for the line, but a solid tackle brought him to the ground Play ensued for some time in close proximity to the Randwick line, and several times Wallaroo looked like getting in, but the defence was solid. O'Donnell in liked just outside the 25, and Spragg a lie in unsuccessful effort for goal, The ball was returned midday. 'The [game thus early was very willing, and the tackling van severe for a few comments Randwick became the at talk- ing party, but a penalty returned the scene at Randwick s 75, Atlength Wallaroo, who had been shown mg the greater pace and combination, met with their reward. 1 uite securing outside "RandRick's G nui splendidly to within a few yards of the goal line, and there pointing pass, he remove d an intending tackles and scored close to the goal post spring took the kick for goal and failed. Wallaroo J points to nil. 'The kick out was followed by another charge b> Wallaroo, and the outcome of was that How, picking up easily, crossed, Spragg s kick again failed !. convert the car into a goal, WnllmooO, Handle nil, In play again, Coulson git fioshiRfiion and passed to Miller, who run, and then transferred to Duggan, who, with a clever run, carried to the Wallarah 2rt flag, a. long throw in was followed by exciting work in front of Wallaroo rush, but in the midst or scrambling work the defenders earnestly and relieved in throwing Half-time, Wallaroo, Randwick, nil. The second half li the nut opened five minutes when for a pass for ward taken In Chambers Ilandiwtk were penalised and Spragg kicked for goal I he b Ul struck the post on the outside, andltundtuct Urccd line to the touch line both wickets were penalised the result of which was advance tageous to Wallaroo Plan for a long time was centred in Randwick h half with occasional scrums close to the line. In one of thct-eWuHaroowtre penalised, "White received, arid, drop-kicking too hard, Miller forced Returning to the charge, Wallaroo limit to their opponents in at the latter a line, and on one occasion White appeared to get in, but the referee allowed a force in consequence of a pass forward The kick-out found touch midway, and for the first time during this half the ball reached Wallaroo a half, and even then it did not remain there longer than a minute, How returning? to touch in the centre The second half was not about halfway through, and judging by the difference in the plan Randwick did not appear to have a ghost of a show of among. Wallaroo were amply r>la> mg rings round them At their 25 White got possession, and ducking through the arms of one, jumping over those of another, and 1' nelUng >> U.'H>lwi), to sWltf suffer the Rpp fiQ Of: the crowd Then Spragg, with an excellent kick from a spot close to the line added the extra points Wallaroo, li to nil Play in midfield occupied the attention of the Hpfct-ator4*, and here Randwick showed a dish of their old brilliance in a beautiful passing rush, Miller finally getting possession a hut Went to proved the speedier and a great tussle ensued at Wallaroo s return time then armed with victory for Wallaroo by li points to nil The winners compiled by outplayed their opponents and thoroughly deserved their success Mr A Jones was referee 