IN CAP AND MU<S, ICOMPLQTg llf TST8 ISSUE \ DX AIWMJB- Ss' HQkWPPTH, Author of "Spindles and Oars," &c.;, &o.; S9P3W5T.- THE ipan is q " fo'ok" grumbled the pfdfesspr. "WhycHn'tKo he content with his own natural "<f Wo novor know wheii we ura well' off," said Geail On.ro w. The' professor turned his' liiiio gpgglca to. the end f the table again, and gave n impatient sport. Copil Gpro>y. fojlpyfed liis irlaiicp to' the " place whan, above a shabby cpni' n quaint, grtfvp'foop fob.kod indqlgautly it tlio gaiety round lpjq. 4 cyclone of mirth Wqs psipg .pyer thnt qiior)er of flio dinihgrrppiq. It enook and crashed into thq eolomnj'ty of -tho luuohcpp hour.' It made the bdiaringjii. the fqwor- fike heads of Mrs. Kirkland aii'd Miss rrit.- ohard. Miss Wayne wiped tho tears from her eyes," and helped fietoelf to the eouffle, unconsciously "taking twice ae much as. usual. Hcnriette, the head waitress, smiled approv ingly us Millicent Chasn, roused und interested, forgot to refuse the diah at her elbpw; An usoontrollpblo lapgii shatter0! ihe glooip of young Masap, whoso oyapp tend . was obtrusively— indeed indelicately— pew- T.bo people at fho professor's end of the table, who could pot toll whpt it was all abopt, shrugged their shoulder's, and bore tl)0 for tponaibilities of the menu. '; 'Mf. " Jprniuglmrai again," Cecil Carow taid to Mis« Blake. 'Tho man is a fool," tho professor rer peiited, glancing down at the book 9PP before him. "' I know what a fool is, professor," piped up a child's voice. Colonel Viokors looked at his littlo girl, then raised his brows across at Cecil Carew_. "Nonsense, Mjss Busybody," ,ho said, tharply.-- "Little girls don't know arcryr thing." . " Yes, I does," she said eagerly. "Afool Is a person thnt makes you lough.' I know, for 1 saw him once at a circus. He had on a cap with bells, and his face was red and white. Is Mr. Jcrningham a fool hecauBO lie has got red pntohes on his oheekq f " "There, there, Miss Busybody, go on with your lunch." said the colonel. '" You seo what yon bavo done," ha roprouelicd tho professor. A grunt answered him, and tho pale little woman opposite suddenly broke tho silence. "Are you going to toboggan to-night, colonel ?" \- . Hp shook his head- " Jlr. Staunton lias forbidden it. Yet he tcts Jerningliam toboggan." " I don't think there is much wrong with Mr. Jerninghnmi" said Miss Blake, timidly ; ' a little hipped." " Hipped ? Look nt his face f " blustered the professof : and Miss Blake sank into silence, her colour coining und going pain fully. "He's not an invalid," said Cpoil, who wiis . not afraid of the professor. "He's always ahoiut, doing everything for every body — nnd what spirits lie has 1" 'Fran Raster pays him to jceep up the spirits of tlio hotel," said the professm'- "That's what lie is— a superior clown." "You aro too bad," said Ceoii, hotly. " Wo should he dull enough without Mr. Jerniugham. Find someone elso to hit at, professor." ' " Miss Blake intercepted the glanco the pro fessor threw at Cccii. - " I must find Bomeone to toboggan with me to-night ; it will bo full inoon,"- sho said nervously. " You said tohogganning at night . em ted vou, professor the girl gave him a "' look", afiy and hiring lit ouoe. " Ask Jernipghuin," he growled in nuswer. ."Don't trouble," said Miss Blake, hastily, J' I-tJ-ttw" But Cecil turned with a oharm- ing smile to Mr, Jcrqinghum, who was passing her chair. His shnhby coat hung JOQso from his shoulders. His figure showed angles in every direction us ho stopped gia- gorlv along the slippery parquet. His fiice was thin, and two patches of colour made his eyes slitter! "Mr! Jerningliam, won't you toboggan with Miss Bluko to-night?" Slie caught tho instant demur in his eyes, nnd added, " Everybody is going tp tho Pondre at the Victoria ; and it will bo dull for Miss Blake left alone with tlio professor." A swift glance passed between Cecil and Mr, J eruiugham ; then be said pleusantly : I. shall bo only too happy, Miss Blake, . . After dinner, then, when all these fpqlish people have gono to their ball." "Mr. Jeriunghitm," said Miss Bqsybody gravely, " the professor says you are a fool," " Only ono ?" hu laughed. Ho walked out on to tlio balcony running round the hotel, and his oyes rested on the snow and tho pines, tho houses aud obalets, \- the white sides of the mountains. Long use hud mndo the scene familiar, and yet it was alwuys new. Davos in mist. Davos in sun light, Davos at dawn, and Davos whqn tho auiiset painted tho peaks were so many different pluoes. Tho hideous square houses round the ohurch in the valley had changeful moods. Ho had tlioir plain fucos lighted up until they were transfigured, and "when their eyes shone through thu mystery of tho moonlight they had beauty for a lover's eyo. Tho houses piodo him think pf Miss Blake— the poor littlo spinster whose love affair with the professor was not running smoothly. Jeniingham liked Miss Blake, and ho loved tho valley in all its moods. Ho had como desperately ill to Davos Flatz four years before, seeking health iii the Alpine valley where so many fight dentil and conquer. _ When' he 'learned from Dr. Staunton's ' silence that ho hud come too late, ho would huve bsen glad to have had all ended' at onoe. Wbnt could he make of a broken lifo ? What Wus there for a inun to do in a oniony of invalids all fighting thut grim fight? Ho was ouo of the ghosts who troop into tho yulley high nuiong tlio Alps, aud after a short stay troop ont again by ono of t)io two passes that lead from Davos. Somo. go out by the high pass of t)ip White .Goto aud spmp tfio train hears down again into tho warm valleys where tho cjties lio. Ho knew that liis way out would bo by tlio high pass. There had been nothing for him to do with his lifo during those first months. He bad glade one of that pathotio row of invalids that lie all dny in the eun ; and hopelessness and loneliness had eaten his heart away. When tho number of the invulids melted with the melting of the snow, uhd Davos was emptied of strangers, when the pall of winter lifted and showed the life in tho valley, Jcrningham was one of tho two invalids left in the Hotel d'Angloterre. Tho snav never altogptliar disappears from Davos. Even after it melts in tho valley, through all the glowing summer, oiie can 00 the white wreaths in the. praclfs und.creyic.es o/ the heights. Tlio other invalid .wae a woman. They culled her the child in the hotel, bpcaqse sbo was so littlp and eager, and so absurdly young for her years. S-|ie waa quite alone, and she was very ill nnd poor, but ' slie was always guy. Siio had' bright brown eyes. With n look in them that contradicted the prophecy of her smitten face. Through the summer tho man lying helpless, aud the woman passing cheeriiy ont of lifo, found their world in each other. She hid her suffer ing to lighten his; nnd he, grew gay and 'contented within sound of hoi" laugh, and . Within sight of her eyes. Their chairs were always together on tho |>alpony ; tbey read and played chess, and iiiadp bets on (he weather, and laughed in thq Mill. "" "V Sometimes, laughing like children at their daring, they dragged themselves across the . fund between thq hotel gnd thq meadows and filled their bauds with fiawe'rs-the buttercups, and purple bells, aud yellow heartsease th.at flaunted in the valley. They would come back exhausted, and for duys after would prclcud to each other that the balcony was too interesting a place to leave oven for the meadow, with its orchestra of grasshoppers twanging to tho song of the Landiynsser. ®"» tomtths hw helajyT " When the winter f)SHHs there is too muoli to do forpne to amuse one's self," sho told hint. ""InDavpsP Top much to. dp?" he said, astonished. ' '' " - V Oh, yes, there are so many to be nursed, so sjquy lonely ones (o ' cpntioft. It 'takes whoje lypoks to "lift aven a corner, pf the weight 6f lije fjona tho nopr soulp, jBgfjjf iji Jyorth doing," Bhe addcn, choerijy, " Hp looked at hor witli bis heart in his eyes. "-You have lifted niofo than a' corner of Weight frqni my life! qhild.'-''" "Have IS" qhe gn(dt gqi'y-. " That is good-' Xflu" wijl'hp abio tp "dp |t fpi .pthxs next wlptqr." "Next winter !" ho exoj.aipied.. "If — — " She nodded afid smiled iit him. "Ghj.yes; you Wlti he hor® Wt winter. You wilj be able to walk and about then." «W1) plimh the SchiiltzrAlp togethbr," hp sftid, eagerly. ' ' The faintest tingo of colour earns into her face. No .one had ever wanted her to oliiub tile (f Sweetheart Alp " before. "Who knows?" sho answered him, smiling. "When tjiev called Jcrningham up that night he could not heliavo that the child was dying, she looked so littlo and young among the pillows, "mid' her oyes were sis' bright as ever, wfien she smiled qt bira. As fie came in Dr.'Jgteujtibn'mbyed away from tho bed, 'and hia face tbld Jeruinglium the truth. ' V Child 1'Ghild !" ho Cried, brokenly. Site held Qnt her hand to hira. I ryan.tpd fo see ypu . onoe more," she said, lauglijng. "".'I ".wanted to ted yntiTrrit has made sucu q difference to mo— I hayebeqn so happy —"the" hiijipfes't " nipntlis) of my Ufezxt'- The sentences came in gasps. He took her, hand, hut all the words that oamq tp him wero-=rr ' ' f'-Childvchild, child," oypr and oyer again. She clung to' him, Jooking into his face with great eag'cr eyes. . ' "Make th'e'pbor souls hoppy — as you made me. Oh, no, that is quite impossible! But you will JieJp' them ?--To die -sraifing, It makes death— honourable.'' Dr. Steuntqn walked to the window and stood with" his' b.aok to. 'tfipiii! longing down ihe yalley 'to/the white giite bf the pass dino jn thq .darkness, ' ' til thoughtr-rperl)iips— do you iuind?Trr you would kis me," sho ssiil. _Ho took hpr ini his arm apd hold her to him. When hq laid her bqejc oa the pillow hp saw tlmt alio had died smiling. That was four years ago, and Jerniugham was ati|l trying to do what the oliild ligd done — to lift a corner of the weight of life from the poor souls, It made his lifo in Davos yery busy. And the professor said lie was a tool. He went tobogganing with Miss Blake that niglit. Tho ehild'a prophecy had como true. Ho could walk and get about ; but he luid not yet climbed tho Solialtz-Alp. The toboggan run wus just outside the hotel, a sloping road leading into tho Disehmuthul where the Landwussor flowed. The snow upon it was set und hard, und the passing of sleighs mude the road slippery. ' When Jerhingham and Miss Bluko pushed off from the top, their toboggans sheered down the hill, skimming the read like winged creatures. The moon was full, and tho moonlight flooded over, blotting out tho stars. Round them the meadows lay, white-robod ip snow, whito-roiied iu light, asleep. ' Cloaked and hooded figures, the pines in the distauco went in slow procession up tho Jukobsliven. Miss Blub.1 was at tho end of tho run, und the ailhnoo round Jorniugliain was full of memories. He sat on his toboggan breathing sharply, and holding his siclo where the pain stubbed him. It wus in those sleep ing fiolds thut he uud the child, hud gathered their flowers, That was four summers ago, and lie wgs alive still, IIo wrestled vyith his pain, und lira lips and fiice wero white iu the moonlight, 1'rospn.tjy Miss Blake came up tho bill, panting as !ra drugged licr toboggan. She sat down on it, iipd when she had found her breath she looked across at Jerningham. " How still everything is to-niglit," she said, in a subdued voico that had latcly grawn still more subdued, i' There is sqnic- tiiing ghostly in this silent moonlight, "don't you think so? You aud I might he two ghosts, pausing before going dowu again into our vailey of doath." " There is nothing ghostly about you, " he eaid, with a stress on the pronoun. Sho shivered. ?'No; I almost wish it was so," she said, wistfully. " And vet, when I feel tho sweep and rush of the toboggan down the hill ic always seems tome that I am going down, down, into a deep deep silence ' that has no end." He gave her a look half-sympathetic, half carious. Ho was very sorry for her, und he wondered what had happened between them, that for a whole week the professor had cut Miss Blake in Ms rudest manner. Thev had seemed to be on suph good terms, too. Then there had been a sudden toolness, dud the life had go.iie out of Miss Blake's fe.ee, leaving it strained and pathoiia. "Something wrohg with tlie liver?" ho suggested, In Davos one is on terms of intimacy with other people's organs, " It's not the liver, it s ghqsts !" sho said. " This place is full of thorn. Last snowfall there w?s one sitting' in fey eh'aiv pn the balcony. Bahetto said it was snow, hut I knew better. Thoy are all round us— the ghosts of the pcqple who have died here ; and tbo ghosts of their friends' thoughts that coqie back seeking them; and the ghosts that are to bo, They troop up and down the road. Thoy moke mo feel sad. Sometimes I wish I were a ghost to bo ; hut there is no chuuco of that, I am so strong now," she added, wistfully. ' I'm afraid you hud polenta at ainuor," ho said, lightly, thinking how easy it was for healthy people to talk of death. He hud intended to go in, but seeing the toaca on her face he changed his mind. For the child's sake ho had been specially good to the lonely women in tlio hotel ; and lie knew Miss Bluko bad her trouble. Ho forget ihe stab in his side. "Gome now, I'll ruco you down tlio liill," he said, gaily. " That will be less gruesome tlraii this cheerful talk of yours." Their toboggans wave already in line. She looked up at liim with a queer smile on her feca. "Yes. lot us race," slip said, excitedly. "Apd tho one whp ge)s datynfirdt shall fie tho first ghost." ' With a oriTuoh of steel tho sleighs took the rona neck to ncolr, flying down like live things. Neither Jerningliam nor Miss Blake put any check qn the paeo. He meant to win. ' The air flogged them hack, its strokes sting ing aeross their faces, hut thoy flew on neck to neck do.tyn the hill. Tho shadow of a big boarding-house bluokened tho snow. Tliey sped across it neak to neck and came' out together into, the moonlight, A whirr und a pnsli tigd tfioy were ut tho sharp turn leading fo levql .ground, " With a mad sweep thoy plunged forward, ' twistitig round the corner heek iiud neck still. She had the disadvantage of the outside, and he gained a yard pp two st the turn. As the toboggans stowed she leaned forward, dug her pegs into the gtoundi and shot Hbpegs.t with him, She sprang up and looked at him,- and her voice rang aeross the moan of the river up to tlie silence of the pines. " 4 dead heat !" elio pried. Jerningliam shook. W# hciid. " I waq firqt ip," he panted. " I overtook you." Her tone startled him. He glanced at her and euw her face ohun'go ip the moonlight!" "But didn't I say yoq were npt to toboggan?" said Dr. Stauuton, sharply. ''If you don't take pdvioo it is useless to ask me to give it." " ' " Tho dqptor's .voice vyos still .and vexed, his toDe fierce ; but the eyes fixed on his patient contradicted OYPrytfeng, Jprpingham hud btoi'dthe hark before; bowp not afraid pf tho bite, He looked pp srailipg, ' "I've npt donp puiipto .harm, .dootop. a littlo pain mprepr less, ivhatdocs ic matter? Besides,' a miip roust uso up fee waqto ends. My life is a w«sto end pf rope ; it may he useful to oke out another man's pieoe of rope." " ) ' "You ropy ho lengthening the rope that will eyeqtpafly hong him," said the doptor ; "I'll send you somothiug for thp ppin-r— — " He was writing out u prescription. After a while ho looked up. " I havo told you bofore you aro deliberate ly shortening your life." Jeriipgl)9m waseilont a moment. '' pb ypu think I ooqld lost put tho tyintpr with care?" lio siud. " With oaro/' ansyergd the doctor. : He was still writing. Jcrningham studied the insorutoblj) juce with , ife ipputh piijsd o'viir mo writing! Ho kn'evjr eyefy foato'fo of it by heart,' evory lino "on the fino'forohoad, every flash in tho keen eyes — ho knew every wrinklo in tho waisTcoat where the figure broadened. Ho had repspn to know them nil. Iu tlio weeks following' the eHiid's death Dr. Staunton lmd nursed him night and day, winning liim from The open jaws of the grave. : " " And if I'go pbput a® usual, do.ator, hf>\r long do'you give me?" -- The dootor Blowly returnod the notes to his pooket. Then ho laid his proscription on tho bed, . . ? ; ; ' "They toll top tlie ice-rug is in excoljunt cpnditioii,,'! no'Said. ' ' ' " Capitol I-'' saiA f8n,iu?knm, his pale face )ightejilhg pp. "Yesterday. Braocy raudo th? rpn in fifty, seopnds,"' " ' ,'11111) wai very papid. Jt is a glorious sport." "I'li "rlo7fr in ' to-morrow. Good morning,!' '' Jerhingham smiled as the gray coat disap peared through feo doprway. "1 miht hijve known j would get nothing out of liinj." Ho lay still, thmking." "I supposo l am a"fool," Ho said to himself. Jiutwhatdoea a'montli more nXleasmaticl? She said it was worth doing! Nobody called her a foql—ogjy a child-" The sharp lines round his mouth softened. " Dear little child what does it matter ? I shqli only find you' sooner. Let thorn say I afea feol. At least 1 lift a oornor of the yreigh) of life. A man can die honaurqhly in' tpacjiing others |q fqqq doiyth tiD'ti'ig" So turned restletoly on his pillow." ""If I don't, get "up, MissBlakb will reproach fox last night. I wouldn't like her to know "how nearly I won that race into Ghostland." IIo droaied wearily, with long pauses, and dragged, hiiqse).f downstairs. The public rooms were empty, and if o soupd pf talking came from "the balcony. A quick relief shot, through bin). If tho people were out walk ing lie could lie dowii quietly by himself and rcqt in tho sun, H.e stepped opto tlie balcony, and faced a row of melancholy figures lying Bilent on tlioir olinirs. The eyes lifted to' 1)5? were blank, or dissatisfied or gloomy ; there, was not a ray pf brightness to be seen oh utiy face. A sadden vigour straightened his baok ; lie stopped briskly'towards them, rubbing his hanis with a gay lauch. ' What 1 what ! All in tlie dumps ? And a sunuy day, too ? What, princess, iio smile for poor prince?'' At his voice u ritoile of welcome stirred the stagnation on the faces. Miss Rayne gave him a melancholy smile. "Oh, Mr Jerningliam. haven'tyouheard? It's so sad. Flossio Dale died Iast'night, and sho danced at' the ball." Tho other people turned tp him. " It spoiled the evouing, of course." Cecil Curcw, who was studding on tho balcony, turned with the rest, and her glaqce took in Jerninghuin's figaro, the trmuors haggqd :it t)io knees, tho queer angular way, more pronounced tp-day than usual, iu which ho carried liimsqif, "I wish ho wnuldu't rub his lunula and grin in that ghastly fashion," sho said, irri tably. " Wliut a clown this man is 1" - " Ho looks rather ridiculous," said- Colonel Yickors, " but he is a good follow : "and after all, ha is very amusing and good naturod. He played billiards with young Mason the othor nights-very bid for liim qf course— bn Mason wanted sometliing to divert ilia thoughts." "Do you think Mr. Jerningham ia yery ill ?" Cecil asked. " " You can't tell — these chronic cusostt--!' "I declare," sho interrupted, ''.'hp is actually proposing fancy dressiit dinner to night. It's pot a laid idea. It would give everybody something beside Flossie to think ubuut. I'll go und boar what lie is saying." Her faeo wiis brighter as she joined tho group round Jerningham. He lmd effectually banished thoir mplaticholy ; ihey were dis cussing costumes and characters as if Fiossic Dale had never existed or had never died. Jcrningham had to give suggestions, answer to appbdls, promises to help." At last lio was free to go and lie down and rest that "painful side ; but as ha walked awav Miss lb')'"0 asked lii.m to go down to Brangricks for her. He did hpr eommissioiisi and camp back in time for luiicli. Tho professor growled more than ever that day. The fun ut the end of the table had iiover been so fast and furious. ' Whqn night canio, and a brilliant company spt down to dinner, a clown was in Jeroiug- hurn's chair. " He looks vory nico and natural, doosn't he, professor?" Cocil Carow said nioaningly. "I wish ho hadn't chosen that dress," Miss Blake said, timidly. The eyes under the fool's mp made hor uncomfortable. Everyone was talking and laughing, and criticising and admiring the dresses, but above the din sounded the incessant jingle of bells. "IwiBli ho didn't know that vou called him a fool," Cecil addressed tho profossor again. "Tush!" lie grunted; "did him good. You see how well the cap fits," "' " He is wiser thai) somo of us," slip paid. "See how he slaves to keep the iiiyalids from being bored." " More fool ho," grunted the professor. At last tpn o'clock eame. The impromptu dance following tha dinner was over. Jerningham bad even danced twice- -The jingfe of his bells hod kept timo with the piano, and mi one had noticed" hjs silence. Under tiic paint no one had seen thq ashos on his face. He had managed to get to his room, hut ho hod only strength enough to crawl to the couch. Ije could not ovon ring the bell ; and yot he was suffocating. That heavy cap. . . But his hand was heavy, too ; lie could nob raise it to his head. ' . . Hq tried to moisten his lips ; tho point aickonod hira. . . He gasped, und choked; but could not tear the ruffle from his ucck. IIo must have help. Hs rose unsteadily, holding on to the table before the mirror. Ha smiled as he caught sight of his reflection in the glass. " Tho professor will say that I am a " Tho jangle und jar of bells orashiug finished tlie soutence. 