ARIETIES A W(JMIAIN 0 ILtAbiuL. II - Scene : A small tea-room a Ia Japnaiaee. i1 Storks clamber over the saili and the frieze I seem to be a olltiuoOn crs.e s fatl, old-rose legs t and a purple ,ill. The sir is tilled wvith the d sharp scwt of inceera rising from a tiny braiser f burning berore the hugo brans Jess on the mantl. The hostrss awaits her guests in a kimono of may rlhad, s.her levIl elebr we bane a distinct chlait ands h a.r al fl slip half out Sof a pair of anllal? at every motie-i. A Japaneseservant holds back the r.ttling curtain . and a lady enters. iThe Lady: " Oh, Amy, is that you P" r The Hostess (remilig) : " No, dear ; it the ghost at my great-grortlhuatler." The Lady : " Oh, I nec, i've done one of those unnecessary questions;' hiavrr't I P" 0 The IHooess (Ibgliug g) " Yes, but I don't 0 know that you need be Ipr. ui of It !" r The'Lady (loik'ug about) : What timnis it,. e anyway? I saupiorse they don't have cloeks in Japan. I'm vcry surly ?" e The II seeso : "A little. No ons is likely to it come for ten mioule. I got myself into thiese things in time to have a dress rehearsal with Its tea things. (Ilollil g'up'her square sleeve.) k Do say something funny; eo'thit I can laugh in Sthis ; it's big ithough to hold'n pert'I t roer." The Lady (suddenly) : ""ul'm onas driving with her again yestet day. Everybody saw them. Isn't it ierfectly infuriating P" The Hostess (gently) : ''" It is vey hard for you. Do you mind it vary miuch, de. r P!' I. The Lady (petulaitly): " Mind it P Well, I p should think'lI lid I "Married only six months and to have uone's husband going about with a Sgirl like that I An limpusibe ar atutoe who isn't Sseven in one's own set,' aid cwho wears gowns 0 1 that are simply ghastly." \- The losesss: '"lkit purhips-if you were 1 moreconsidorato-1 mntat if youa!lidu't go out so much with Will arvisae who was once well. I known to be ratlr ipris-" The Ladyp(histily) ' Oh I th.at's nothing. t Tom isn'ta bitjealoue;a Neither am I, but he might have picked out soniebo lyl I knew," The Hostess (seriously):-" Do you and Tom really care for one another " - The Ladya(staring): Of course not.. Bot we don't quarrel--at least, nntin' pnhlice. ,Why (flippantly);he likes thatigirlibetter than he g does me." The Iostass : " And Will Jarvis thinks it is vI erypoor taste, ehP" "The Lady (looking'down) ii '"Per!kaps." 0 The Hottese : "How' can yiy u endure a life like this, so full of bitterumn and rlrng r to Syourself sad others P Why donet you ald Tom part,aud at least live honestly P'' The-Lady : "kYdurmean divorce, of course. I've thought of that, of conrse, but you see I 'can't--at L a?st, just yet." The Hostess: "kAh, then'to dto ecire forTom a little, after all I : Be patient andl I'm sure it atll come out-" - TlieLady (laughing): " What a lenti mettalist you arel Do you want to know the -reason P -You knowKittli llunter- one of my bridesmaids P" Or the +way "down the aisle in the church I overhratd her wager a dozen pairs of'gloves that I wouldn't live with Tom a year I Spiteful thing I So you see, I've got to." SThe Host?as" (lookingat'her guest curiously r " Yeo. I so. You'vu got to." \- "''lnrs e was oaln a Iounalls Itsiriu a otmlttri Dlinitriewith --thsero or tl:r'reo:ts. .. lie r occeuiod a toler..bly powerful (Governme-nt t position ins certain-,lussian coun'iy town-iti Sfact he was a sott of glolifled c. uaty .iunroillsr. He lovedcwine, woman, rand iolg. piartienllrly Woman. 'L'Alsuorcards nnd*'horses, The e q ualities hon sharedod ith allibther tIasian \- overnment ufniciuls, Ouo saf l.ein he weont as he usually did, to tahe ten with the lovely widow, Alzauasdrea WissilyevnR, who received ,him, contrary to: her usurit btomi with a sid and -and depItesoed ' riannmer . I?ilh tender as xiety, he snked the rea.on of hel r sdnlllss. " llshitr)," she replied, hurastlig into tests, S You know how passsionately 'I love mueic; a 'mudI have no'piano I' 'Ands when' o" are away r I have no-solace, no --- " IMyeweoet litUl strawberry I Sun i f any existence ?! You know you nover exprensed a winh ehicll I did not 'immediately gratify I ' You hare on'y to comn. mend, and tie pinao is here I " Oh I " cried Alexandes, in avoiCobl f 'ectdy; her tears all gone, " Do you mean a'grand P "k A grand,' declared Dimitri, Btt Alexandra's"smiles dis appearedae quickly as they had comu, "Dimitri SDlimltilewltch," she'ssid, "" You are tpromising an -impossibility; you' are-netilllling me the truth I HIow can a piano biebrought hare I from the station through the hottomless sand in snmmer, or the still more bottomless mud In Sspring or autumn ? " "Ows a sleigh in winter," -replied 'Dimlri, with decision.' " No t ie piano would be nrined by the anid,"sndl 'Alexandrt began to weep afresh. "Lovelitstl loner in the iarden of earth," cried Dimitri, " it shall be does aI r'oad shall he inado n purpose I"e "Friend of my soul,"-imurmured Alexsandra, "I thank yon," l)imitri always"kept' his word when it was possible without- any -grave in. convenience. So the next day he dressed in his best uuiform, and' want to explain to the UOvernor 'thatthe town was simply going to rank and ruin for wcantof a good road to the station. The Governor, who was the father of six unmarried daughters, the eldest ol whom he often thoiughlt" would make a capital Mrs. Dismitr;l, reoelved his visitor ?'ith much coar diality, quite'saw the necessity he i oad, and, agreed to allow half a million ofl ?uhles for the undertlrlakinrg-that is to say at the rate ol 100,000 rohiblhs per mile. Dimlntri went to work st once. Buttmlereckoned thai each mile woulat cost him 90.000 roubles, atwhich rate he wolid only be able to pocket 20,000 roubles, on on tha whole trnnsactioo, it struck him he conld not a'ifford to mak ea' foliditlon ito the road, Nor dldlbe ;' '> thatt'ibe work lga'o quickIy. lThree milea were alreadly inishd, andi Dimitri was anbos. to travel to the Governmvnt town to receive thd reit orifthe niigineeroing miney, when a fatal thing lhapprnued, ' Alexandra nuddenaly eloopedl with a Cosacbk Iletman named'Nioolai Foanmitrhl Duroan, so that the resason for the road -xlsted no Inger. Just as Dilmitri, with foll pockets hut a sore heart; was issuing from. tlse door of thle (overnor's palaers;he ran into the arms of a li utenanit of dragoons. " Hallo, lrlinirl,'" said the lierutenant, " it's ages sintre we sort, "L I.'s go to Anitonski's, and have a drink." A' Atlnski's they fousl more dra. gooals; aoal'a little Iplay was'lprrlrised. 'Dimitri had had luck, and mwhtu he. loeftehab d lnst 200.000 roublies, I al wert huo veryeruss. IHe. had lost Alexsudra, hre hi.t lost the money for the reet of' tlhe road; nad hno was'?slitLR deter. mined not tel spend ionsa'itsliat hr lahi already mavetl oist oa it. So hu IlistsI gave urdist'td leasve off woalkin. Ily alsd Iqy isutpiaslhls(reachedr theol'irasor's oursa, aind hliarh ravi )t"miari to aliliu r a-iefre hhn,+ a ,'l 1hitis 1t Il iital .h il," lall his ~lxoutehslasy ii al?vtimeUilns,sia ltnke a elgretto ailld ditdowun. " trlo huear st'obuby, ypoir I plluiey,"' rqlloie tlh cua-rit-lttuhig ags he was laoltd. " ',imitrl l)imirtttcllrh' conl tim?ed asoe :lunre nr-', " I lael]l' P eilribl r t :a tIslc of llu. qiiy ris oou aol i ia-ousasla. - - lisn plltol the routd P " *" f nfgut it, your Ixcellnly." .iAnt 'ki?i.h i'ldth't latollilssh tlhe roast P " " ifororitl, yostl'xos(llitey, ''"' And the monepy you rutey o Ier the1 l snay o1 I st at srds;. Dlhln't you bassos it sire Isl MaJtesty the •Ilnperor's' mOolclay P' ' I f"uls t il, y our "lxnellenty. " lilDhnitrI" DImirlel~teho your hire* rnobhiv his 5 hltjesmlybUr ihnroiniakOmir, vlhsara (loI pIrolecl =This li.na . einlroi sitmeo and, surry as I nasa, for I am food of yol it : inast be luuishedi, 'hiller you must marry my ideat daight~er, or yo;t oita bo'skii ah;' sen. leered, shall we nallit "I ua!LOte Proposed by Cr. Thomas.-That the Seasetary write to the Heidelberg Council and inform them, re vouchers ohjected to, that the Whittlesea Council is quite willing for the Heidelberg Council to expend an amount in works on their end of Haley's road equal to the amount as shown on the vouchers, but this Council wishing to deal honorably took out an item or two being for day labor-that they con sidered was not in the agreement. Cr. Bassett said the difficulty had partly been got over. Since last meeting representatives of each Council hed met on the ground, and the Heidelherg councillors had found that their share of the road was larger than they thought. So far as the Greens. borough road was concerned they had agreed, and the work wis done. As to Haley's road they had inspected it, and had parted agreeably wirh the understanding that it would be done. But as to the voucher business, he agreed. with Cr. Thomas' mnition, and would second it. He really bhought that there was not another Council in the colony that would have placed such ansit indignity on them. The President explained that at the b.iq Utx? m e t osn O or a tort. night on the Greensborough road, each Council to pay half-costj; the other road to stand over. Or. Thomas' motion was carried unanimously. ENROLLaiENT. From B. M'Sweeney, applying for his son's name (Michael) to be placed on the roll jointly with himself. To be considered at Revision Court. Secretary to inform Mr. M'Sweeney and other applicants as to mode of procedut e. A BAD ROAD. From P. Gilliano, bringing under notice the disgraceful state of road leading fromn Bridge Inn road to South Tan Yean railway station, and adding : It is really pitiable to see ladies having to wade through slush several inches deep on their way to and from the station. It is also very dangerous for foot traffic on dark nights, owing to there being no footpath people found it very difficult to avoid being run over by the well-fed high-spirited horses of onr milk farmers. My object in writing to you is that you as a body may move the Railway Department to put this much neglected road in decent state of repair and safe for public traffic. Or. Thomas said that really and truly there was not walking space to the station, and if matters were not remedied possibly it might come to pass that through the state of the road they mtight lose their illustrious Presi dent, or some bright councillor like himiself -(Cr. Draper.-" Oh l")-and even Cr Draper himself might probably get "stack in the mud." He would move that the Railway authorities be \----written to to effect repairs and erect railing to protect foot passengers., Mr. Gillian suggested that the foot path be made farther out so as not to encroach on present road. Cr. Thomas agreed with this. Cr. Bassett seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. CAN'T GET TaIBER. Contractor J. E. Hall wrote, re his contract fer bridge, Gleovale, that he could not get timber of the dimensions specified by the Engineer, and asking that the siGe be altered. Councillors generally held they had no power to alter. Or Thomas moved that no action he taken. Seconded by Or Andrew and carried unanimously. " ann?iNU WANTED. From A. Whitten, urtwtsug .iownaen. to bad place in watercourse just outside and immediately opposite his door. Cr Murphy moved that the matter be referred to the Surveyor to attend to, on condition that Mr Whitten pay half-cost. Seconded by Or Draper and carried unanimously. SOFT ROCK. From Samuel Jeffrey, 'Rookbank, Tan Yean, requesting permission to take a few loads of the soft rock from the Slheoak Hill under the supervision of the Engineer, to repair a road lead. ing to the farm he rents from Mr. aHorner. Request granted on the motion of Cr Thomas. Mr. Jeffrey also wrote for permission to take a few loads of gravel. Or Thomas explained that the writer, who was a membter of the Boardof Advice, wented the gravel for school Tp-drpbsE.- -. Applioation granted, up to six loads. EEALT5 REPORTS. From Dr. Sutherland, health nfficer, reporting that there had been no cases of infectious or contagious diseases throughout the district under his notice during past month.-Received. From Sameu, annual report.--Re ceived. From Ptblle Health Department, 12th May, as follows :-I have the honor to inform your Council that in view of the fact that coses of typhoid ferver have been reported to the Board as hlaving occurred i, the Shire, the Board have deemed it advisable that the provisions of section 125 ofthe Health Act 1890, rendering notification of infectioub diseases obligatory, be put in force in the Shire, and that in asenro dance with that decision arrived at at their meeting on thi 3rd inst., a notice declaring the Shire of Whittlesoa affected with typhoid fever was pubh lished in the Governmnf Garette of 5th inet I may explain that in taking this action the Board have had regard to tlhe importance of having tlhe first cases of infections disease reported at the earliest moment in order that tthe Counoil and the Board may have the fullest possible information as to the exiatence of sush diseases in the di, trict, and that the Council may be able to take effective measures for the pire vention of their spread, and that ex perience has shown that the only effectual way of securing early and proper notification of cases is by the application to a district of the pro visions of the section quoted.--J. W. COLVILLE, Secretary. CLAIM FOR DAMAGES. Mr. John Andrew wrote, stating that through the bad state of repair of the Barber's Creek bridge, he had sus tained damages to his dray that had cost .£1 5s to repair, and as he had told the Surveyor a month previous that the bridge was in had repair, he con sidered the Council should pay the amount named. Cr Thomas moved that the matter he referred to the Engineer for report. Seconded by' Or Bassett and carried unanrimously. Or Draper drew attention to the fact that some three months ago he had moved that several bridges should be repaired, and he noticed they had not been. le now moved that they be at once attended to. Seconded by Cr Thomas and carried unanimously. Yan Yean, June 12, 1899. The President and Councillors, Shire of Whittlesca. Gentlemen,-Allow me to thank you very sincerely for your letter of condolence and for the expressions of esteem in which my late husband has been held by you as an officer of your Council for nearly thirty years. And I am sure you will be pleased to know that other public bodies, including the Northcote Town Council and the Pres ton Shire Council, have written in the highest terms of his long and honorable municipal career and of him as an esteemed citizen generally. And I can assure you, gentlemen, that this wide.spread public appreciation of the worth of my late lamented husband has been very consoling to me and my family. I remain, gentlemen, Yours very sincerely, MARIA RTAN, -Received. RU A LIGHT. From J. J. Traill, thanking Council for reply to former letter, and adding that his suggestion re a light at or near railway gates, that possibly the Rail way Department would meet the Council in the maintenance of same. Received. TREATISr. From H. Morgan, Bourke-street, agent, asking Council to purohase copy of Treatise on Health Acts of colony by Messra. Cole and Morris, barristers and solicitors. Received, RATES. From J. M; Gillespie, manager, the Freehold Assets Realisation Company, Limited, re rates on property, Ashley Park; also asking that certain names be placed on roll in respect to the property. The Secretary had replied to the former part' of the eonununicatlos ; as to the latter part, a.reply to 'le sent that as the rates had not been paid the application could not be acceded to. MUTUALLY TIRED From Alfred O. Cummins, Elstern wick, objecting to pay rates (12s 6d) on certain land taken by the Metro politan Board of Works, and asking thlat the matter be rectified in the Shire books, as he was tired of having the matter cropping up every year. Thie Secretary was directed to again apply for payment of the 12s Gd in question, as it was a matter of arrears; and he might also add that the Council wero also tired of the. matter cropping up every year. BRIARS ACT. The Standing Counsel wrote giving nulcoe on tins marler; Or vlcet allnwas not asked for, but as it was considered of some importance, it was agreed that the matter o.e referred to next meeting. (Continued on next page.) POUNDS' ACT. From Joseph Sabellberg, Standing Oounsel, as follows :--The Local Gofvernment Act 1890 :rad subsequent amending acts do tnot cotrain any clnuses giving councils a dirct authority to pound cattle, &o.;, from' public roads or reserves within the jurisdiction of the Shire ('ouncil. You get this power, however, inferentially under the 41st anod 42nd Bye-law of Sohedule 13 to the L G. Act. Your officer has full right to imlpound, and the oattle, &c.;, so impounded can only he released by the ,otner on his paying the trespass rates fixed by the Council and pound fees. The Council can (but it is not obligatory on ii) proceed aga:inst the owner (if knontt) for per mitting his cattle, &c.;, to wander at large, and the court has power to inflict a fine" not exceeding 20s on each animal: so found wandering or tres. passing. In cases nhere the owner i; not known a summons should be issued directed to the owner of the cattle, &e.;, describing themt in detail as well as the place where they were found, which should be published in a newspaper circulsting in the neighbourhood, anad 34 hdirs anfor publication .the court can deal wihi the onse by imposing a Bleo and directing sale. It will be obserrved that you have a doublelo reamedy, the seoond of which you need not elforce excep:ing in coses where the owner is not known, or in cases where the owner although known does not avail himself of his right to release the citle on payment of the usual pound and trespass fees. - . . Cr. Bassett smoved that consideration of the matter he postponed for ono munth. Seoonded hy Or. Murphy and cartied unanimously. SURVEYOR'S REPORT. Whittlesea, s. 12th June, 1899. To the President and Councillors, Shire of Whittlesea. - Gentlemen,-Owing to an accident I met with in getting my leg hurt sinuce the last meeting of the Council, andl it having taket bad ways lately, at present I cannot bear to put my foot to the ground, and most respect. fully apologize for my absence to.day. - The various contracts are proceedings as as follows : No. 22, J. E. Hall, formation Gleonial I road.-Nbt quite finished. No. 29, G. eornell, clearingantd formntion. Diamoatt Creek ?nd.-T'is work ' is well advanced but not finished. No. 23, W. Thomas, construction, Gordon's Lane.-This work is now fitnheda. Owing to the road near the main road becing very much cut up I aned the contractor to supply some extra metal for it, so the total extras amiunt to £4 18s Sd. No. 30, John Christian, deslation of road near Schllz's, Arthur's Creek.-This work is nearly finitshed. No. 34, Ii. Jolley. supplying spalls, main load.-This contrnct is completed, Hea has 571 yards extra, cost £8 2s lid. . No. 35. W. Flunagan a?d Co,, math road. -Work finished. Owing to an oversight I omitted the extra 50 yards is his last payment. No. 37, J. It'Kenzte, spalls, main road.-, Work fuished. Ste hars 65 yards extra spalls, cust 7t 8s. No. 38. St. Johnstone, spalls, main road. Work finished. Ile has 41 yards extra spalls, cost £7 Its 9,1. No. 44, IV. Thomas, supplytng grvel,. Arthur's Creek road.--This work is not yet completed. He has got out about 165Iyards, The other contract, formattion adl garelh ling near Mir. Draper's, nothing further done, TENDgRS. The following tenders for maisnten. ince were naccepted . No. 46, Laidlay's gate to Gordorn's lane.-E. Keys, £24 "17s, Three tenders in. No. 47, Gordon's lane to Bridge Inn. -T. Joyee, £14 17s. Four tenders in. No. 48, Bridge Inn to railway cross ing, Yoa Yeatt road.-C. M'Leunon, £18. Four tedtlers in. No. 49, Yan Yean to Whittlesea, I -Glenvale and Yea roads.-J. Jolley, 1 £27. Three tenders in. No. 50, Bridge Inn Lane, &o.-E.; P. Giddens, .16. Three tenders in. Nit. 51, Arthur's Creek road and by.road.-J. E. Hall, £19. Four tenders in. FINANCE, The Finance Committee reported that receipts for the past month totalled £193 2a i5d ; tI dr. balance was £1611 Os 10d ;. and recmmelnded payments e to the amtount of £182 9s Od.-Report a and redommendatian adopted. POSTPONED, P Or. Murphy moved that his notice of motion re works, Shotter's Lane, he It poaeponett to next omeeting. Seconded r, by Or. Thomas and oara ied. p REPAIRS NEEDED. . Cr. Bassett mentioned the bad .state ta of road at Harvey's Hill, Separation. tt Referred to Engineer, 1 \- Repairs to be effoted at Hunter's s Hill on motion of Ors Bassett and of Thomas, also repairs to road leading. to Hurst's Brslge. Cr. Andrew suggestedt that a man be put.on to repair Claske's lane, as a little work now would save greater ex pense later on. b SOn motion of Cr. Draper 4 to 6 loands of gravel to be got to repair Hall's oontract. ESTIMATE REQUIRED. Or. Bassett moved that thie Surveyor he reqtuested to supply estimate for cutting Orerihell's H-hll. Seconded by Cr. Thomas and carried unanimously. OREGISTRAR. TheI,:Prestlent explalinoed why the P appoilntmtrent of electaral registrar land not been confe'r,'d an their Secretary. ft was out of no discotrtesy, ut weas a du: simply to the carryintr out of a system' ly the Electtral D'paralmesta nrnt to alstint slsirn secretaries wlhenr the otlice becanme vacant. NOTIOE OP MOTION. By Or. Draper.-I give notoice that h it is-nmy intr,,,tion to mIveC at the next i ordinary nareaing tf this Onuncil that tr rIr. J*Jamas ln: at ra sipintetd secr. h to y, rate cal' oLor, vnluor, nalld aPcro. tary tn thIe I. eal Board of Health at I thte oamr labry, 121 