MABBAORE AND OANNIBALTBM AT NEW IRELAND. TuE steaomer Archer, from the islands, flying the flag of the Circular Saw line, on Tuesday came alongside the wharf at Parbury's, She was expected before. It seems that the Archer had had to mate many calls not in tbohe original itinerary. Still, after her four monlths' absence she looked very well. Her cruise extended to New Britain, New Ireland, and many islands to the east of New Ireland. On board were Mr. Forsayth of Now Britain and a number of well-known island traders." A special interest always attaches to the trips of tholse vessels, which bring Sydney into com munioation with places beyond the reach of cable. An eagerness for news from these outlying islands is naturally felt. The Archer reports that a tidal wave vibited the Marehall Islands on January 15 lhst, doing a great deal of damage to several islands. In the Carolines one small island was com. pletely washed away. The same wave reached as far as Now Ireland, but did not do much damage. The North German Lloyd steamer 8tettin ar rived at Herbertehot on Sunday, March 20, with mails and general cdrgo. She also brought news that the Imperial German government had taken over the direct control of Now Britain, New Guinea, and New Ire land. All the residents were jubilant at the news, and flags were flown on. all the business places and the ships in the harbor in honor of the event. On Saturday, the eight ultimo, a native was shot at Horbertshot by order of the Governor (Dr. Sohnuoy) for hilling the captain of the Bsohooner Sea Ghost some eighteen months ago, The German man-of-war Moewe pro. oeeded to Buka (German Solomons) on the 10th to punish natives for takinog the Sea Ghost and killing orew. At New Ireland Mr. Poterson, a trader, sent two boats down the coast in Feb mary last to trade; and at night, while the crews were asleep they were all massacred and eaton, and the boats burned. Messre. Hernaboim and Co's schooner Elsio waslost in the Admir. alties. The captain reports that the natives attacked the crow, and they had to fight to get clear of them. 