[?] CHAPTER XVI. continced.1 ME sought the detective, , who was inspeoting n how steam i plough which stood in a corner of a largo stubblo-field, hissing and roaring like an angry monster, to the disoomfituro of the horses that passed along tho lane on tho other sido of the high hedge. 8mith was enjoying himself to the full, detailing his experiences „ pf other hissing monsters and giving his advice. But at the , sight of Roy Polo ho immediate ly left tho crowd af engineers, labourers, tialiffs, and staring yokels. I was waiting for you, sir,' he said. ' I have had no nows from Jones, and I can't under stand it.' Jones, it seemed, was to forward detailed accounts of Ludovico's proceedings in Paris, and these accounts had not arriv ed. Uliyor omith made one sug gestion. ' Supposing, sir, that this Lu- \- dovico's goings on are not such \- as to inorOnse our confidence in him, I consider that her ladyship and all ought to lenvo for the Continent. You ask me why ? I will toll you. I want the stuff of servants dismissed and Gauut- lett Qourt shut up.' _ Roy Pole stood still, wolider- ing. ' His own floating suspicions and, as he considered them, base ideas had ncver como home to his mind as did those serious cmpha- Bied words of tho dctcotivo. He mentally ejaculated that appeal « me xyieiy which rises 10 ine lips of the .least pious on occasions of terror or imminent dungcr. ' It will bo best for all parries, sir,' continued Smith. ' If thore is anything not yet brought to light, better for the family that we should bring it to tho surfaioo than that it should bo a . public scandal. And, should thero be nothing, furthev-tofindout,. there might be a meeting between the runaway gentleman and his wife and daughters abroad and a re conciliation, and all be got upon a comfortablo footing again.' Mn Pole stood for a few mo ments considering. Then he turn ed the detective. ( ' 'You arc not satisfied with those letters, Smith ?' ' I cannot say that I am, sir,' replied Smith very respectfully. ' Of courso everything may be all right, but equally of course it may not. And that, in my opinion is how matters stand with us for tho. , present.' . Roy Pole left Smith with his heart feeling heavier than it had felt for a very long time. He wandered iuto tho woods. He gazed at the withered foliage dropping from tho boughs, at the mosses of tangled weeds, at: tho general autumnal decay. There was a deep sadness about tho scene. Then, as he came to a glade and saw the grand white iacaae 01 ino uourt against the cold slate-blue sky, ho positively shuddered. Had some foul deed been done within those walls, or was this confusing maze of expla nation that reached him day by day actual — real ? » Hp had sauntored for an hour or more before he wondered how the timo was going. Then he looked at his watch, and to his astonishment found that it was three o'elook. He ought to have appeared at luncheon ! And then he suddenly remembered that he had promised Alys to ride with her. He hurried to the house > anathematising his forgetfulness. Luncheon was still on the , able, and- the footman James£..hs in attendance, loitering about aim lessly. 'We thought you hud gono . out for a walk, sir,' he said look ing conscious as Roy Pole appear ed. The servants knew well that Alys had been on tho watoh for a couple of hours iu hor riding- habit, had refused luncheon, had Bent back tho horses to tho stable, and had gouc to her room. Mr. Polo refused luuchcon, \- except a glass of alo and a couplo of biscuits. Ho was puzzled, and knew not what to do. Then ho scribbled a note to Alys qnd ask- for her mnul. But tho staid housemaid who waited upon Alys during the absence at Belmont Castle of Ella and Alys's ordi nary attendant looked askanoo at the missive. Sho did not really, know where Miss Alys was. Miss Alys had given tho strictest orders that; no mnttef vwhat ha» poncd that afternoon; she was not to be disturbed. Mr. Polo used all ! the blandishments known to him but tho severe young person was proof against them.' She wished to rise in the establishment, and did not seo her way to better her by aiding and abetting gentlemen who did not keep their appoint ments with her young ladies. Alys had first been in a rage with Roy Pole, then Bho cried herself into low spirits. She ask ed no! questions of staid Maria and Maria volunteered no infor mation. Her mother had shut herself into the turret-room'; and, now that Ella was away, every thing seemed miserable. She was quite glad to hear the gong for tea. She bathed her tell-tale face, put on a soft white tea-gown, and went down to the library, where tea bad been served of huh. Tho huge room lined with book shelves was full of vague shadow. Outside the windows tho clumps of troes in the park stood ont in black relief against a transparent night-sky. The butler suggested lamps, but Alys said 'No.1 'Please tell Mr. Polo,' she said. v ' Mr. Polo is put, Miss,' stiid the butlor, stirring the logs on the hearth, and thereby filling the room with light. 'Ho camo in about three o'clock and went out again almost immediately.' ' Did he leave any message ?' asked Alys, pouring herself out » w iv» uuu wjr&ug; iu njjuan as usual. ' I cau't say, Miss Alys ; James was in tho dining-room. I will enquire and let you know.' Alys leaned back in her low ohair, feeling absolutely wretch ed. Ho had forgotten his pro mise to ride with her ; ho seemod indued to hitvo forgotten her very existence. What a fool she had been to let her very life wait on his! How the. servants must have laughed at her to-day whon sho sent tho horses back- to the stables ! Truly sho was humbled to the dust — and by the man whom she had considered and petted aud waited upon hand and foot since ho first arrived, a stranger, at Gauntlett Court ! ' That is always the way,' she groaned to herself. 'There is mostly some terriblo truth in old proverbs and sayings. That French adage that thero is always one who loves und one who per mits himself to be loved is only too dreadfully, cruelly true !' Hero tho butlor returned ; .ho leisurely offered Alys- a silver dish of hot muffins, the said — 'I asked James, Miss Alys ; he did not recollect any message left by Mr. Polo.' 'Did not recollect!' The mockery of the speech 1 It must have beon made to annoy her. ' Did not recollect 1' As if ixvy xuii; couia speax or deliver a message and any human being with ears not recollect it ! Then tho cool way in which tho ser vants spoko of people and things that to hor were of vital import ance was utterly exasperating. Sho loft her low chair and the the tea-table, and went to the window. There she erouehed with her forehead against the cold glass, and watohed the moon rising. How sad, desolate it all seemed 1 At that moment Roy Polo was stalking along the drive towards tho honse, having been tinmping nlong the roads and lanes to try to soothe his troubled spirit. He had read heard that there was no better remedy for mental disquiet than physical fatigue. As he returned through tho park he asked himself if ho could bear witness to this. He stood still, admiriDg tho greon slope, the graceful trees, so fairy-liko in the faint moonlight. "What a beauti ful, peaceful spot was Gauntlett Cour;. 'Pray Heaven tbot all may come right — that thoy may all be happy onoo moro !' he breathed fervently. Then ho turned—sharply. Something white was moving n- bout on the grass a Tow yards away. It flitted first to the right and then to tho left. Ho could hardly detect the shape of the object ; but, in tho dim light, it gave him the idea of something supernatural. Ho was beginning to wonder whether his senses were not seri ously deceiving him, when the object became stationary, then moved slowly towards him. As it camo noar, a white veil fell from it, and he recognised Alys. ' Did you fhiuk I was a ghost?' she said, rushing to him in a man ner whioh was half petulant, half tender. 'Oh you bad man to make me a laughing-stock, for getting nil ubout me ! If I had done something to punish you, it would have served you right !' 'Forgive me!' said Roy Pole. He had admired, liked, and con sidered Alys till now, but this emotion taught him that a far deeper feeling was at work than he had yet recognised. ' Alys,' lie went on, ' I hoard some trou blesome news to-day iwhioh made mo forget all — everything. Say you forgive me 1 But, child, you avo not dressed for the open air, you will catch cold !' Ho drew off his light oyerooat and, wrapping it round her, hur ried her back to tho house. They entered by the library window, which sho had opened when she recognised his approaching figure. He stood by tho mantelpieoe watching her as she flitted about in tho fire-light. A violent long ing to take her in his arms there and then, to gain her promise that in those arms she would ac cept the right to remain till death should part them, seemod irresis tible. - ' It would be the right time to speak, f he thought ; then, as she brought him a cup of tea, ho took it from her and gently pat it on one side. ' A.lys,' he said tenderly, plao- ing his hands on her shoulders, 'I have somethiug to tell you, and I think it will bo best for us both that I should tell you now.' She grew pale, and half-oloscd her eyes, when both wero startled, and Alys slipped away from his protecting toupftT The butlor brought in a letter whioh Mr. Polo read by the fire- light. It was from Oliver Smith. ' Dear Sir — Let me see you at once. News from Paris— the very worst 1 ' 0. 8.' " CHAPTERXVII. 1 News from Paris — and the very worst 1' Roy. Polo read those words whioh meant bad news about the absent Sir Lionel, standing before Sir Lionel's library, hearth, in the presence of Sir Liohel's youngest daughter, to whom, he was abont to speak sacred words of love that he would never speak but to the woman he meanj;, to make' his wife.. » 'Say I will com, o.' . He spoke as composedly, as.he could. 'Yes, sir,' and the footman James, disappearing. " : . The lawyer stood for a few moments gazing, into the, leaping flames of tho wood fire. It was a crucial point in his life, foi he had just discovered that the sweet fragile Alys loved him. She was attracted by his strong stern na ture, as the frailest erreping plants instinctively entwine them selves about the staunohest sup port. He knew ho lbved her as the powerful love the weak. Ho had been about to take her in his arms, to his hcajrt, for always ; then had pome the grim summons from the detectiVe, '.whioh meant bad "news of her ft'thdr— bad news whioh might wreck all their hap piness and leave a blot on tho Gauntletts for all time. He turned to look at her. Sho was standing with her eyes fixed upon him, scared and fearful, her delicate hands oiasped upon the bosom of her white 'dress. He decided that she must not know that fresh news had arrived, so he smiled reassuringly. 'Dear child,' he said, gently drawing away one of her hands and olaBping it in both of his, 'our talk abbut ' ourselves ' must wait. Oliver/Smith Tyants me.'- 'You look hs if it. were some thing dreadful,' she said in eon sternation. ' Nonsense,' ho, replied. 'Smith is rather a fidget, but he is a cap- italfellow, heart , and soul in his business, bo I do-not care.' Then ho stooped, kissed the fair little hand very tenderly, and left her. 'Mr. Smith isv in Sir Lionel's study, sir,' said 'James, who was waiting in the hall. ' We have kept the messenger.? Oliver Smith was writing at a table in Sir Lionel's study where ho had requested to.be allowed to remain when tho fanoy took him. When Roy. Pole joined him he locked the door and drew the baize curtain not'osB it. .' Read this, sir, please,' said ho; handing him a thiok sheet of paper. ... It was from Jones, tho detec tive, who in the alternate guises of a curate, a betting-man, and a olork had closoly watched the "moypmonts of tho Italian qiqu- ' . IIP'.' . servant Ludovico while in Lon don, and, with confederates, bad followed him to Paris. ' You have my account of No. One's movements for the first two days,' read the lawyer. 'You wrote that a power of attorney had been received by Mr. Donatt and forwarded to Lady Gauntlett —presumably by Sir Lionel in the prcsonce of the British Con sul at Paris._ If this be so, No. One' — this was how the suspect ed Ludovico was alluded to by those who were watching him — 'could not have been with his master at tho timo, nor could he have been with' him any part of Bioso two days, for on the occa sions of his leaving the hotel he was not for any length of time opt of our sight. He went to certain shops and made purchases and he paid long visits to a cer tain Franoiscian monastery. He took to driving now and then after this, but ho did not seek to evade us. To our certain know ledge ho did not have an inter view with any gentleman answer ing the description of Sir Lionel Gauntlett, unless that interview took place in the Francisonn mon astery. I regret to tell you that in spite of our constant endea vours, aided by members of the French deteotive force, Number One has triven na t.hn alin ha has gone from the hotel. He left an enolosure ' for the land-lord, which contained more than suffi cient money to defray expenses, and he has left nearly all his lug gage—this of course we cannot examine. Awaiting instructions, ' I am, yours, eto., ' Jones.' As Roy Pole read he grew pale. He doubted no longer that some conspiracy bad brought abont tho mysterious disappearance of Sir Lionol. As for his .being alive, as for those letters having been written by him, he oeased to hope that it might be so. ' I see you feel the importance of Nnmber One's giving my people the slip, Mr. Polo,' , said Oliver Smith gravely. ' Mr. -Pole gave him a look, then glanced meaningly at the sofa — the sofa they had found covered with blood-stains. ' I should mot think that, sir,' said Smith, leaning back in his chair and gazing vacantly at the ceiling with lack-lustre eyes; 'there may be spiiie explanation which will not mean orime. Tuko my advice, sir— think nothing at all. If we invent theories and go acting upon them, we may maunder about foe years, and find ourselves as wise as we were fit the-beginning of the inquiry, and less in a position to make it;, for. wo shall liavo given timo for traces and olues to be effectually, destroyed.' 'But what ore. wo to do ?" asked Roy Pole: : ? It > coins as if it 'ought to be the easiest- -matter in tho world to prove those letters forgeries, if they, , fqrgeriea.' ' We have some clever .brains against ns, sir, no doubt of that,'- said the' detective. ' I think. I shall hdvo topersuade you to lot mo take the entire lead, Mr.Polo, while yon, so to speak, dp what I adviso you without asking any questions. You seo, sir, if the family wero strangers to .you, it 'ud bo quite another pair of shoes altogether, as they say. But you are Sir Lionel's heir, sir, are you not? You can't very' well act unsornpulous — you wouldn't do it — and unscrupulous mast be the word now, Mr. Pole. Justice or nothing, and private feeling must be put right away. Do you un derstand ?' ' (To bo continuod.) 