THE TESTIMONY OF ESTHER SANDYS. BY ROMA WHITE. CHAPTER X. The landlady camo hurrying from the kit chen, and her husband lmd to tell hor that the fishermen had gone out even beforo ho repeated Humphrey's orders. She lifted lier hands, at tlio news, with a gesture of des pair. ' Poor souls— poor souls ! They'll never live in yon sea.' '? They are line men,' said Humphrey. ' Aye, tine indeed r ecnoea me lanuiaay with some emotion. She took Humphrey and Esther to a clean but somewhat dreary parlour upstairs, with j a bedroom adjoining it. There she lit two | caudles, which guttered dismally in the j draught; and then engaged in an explosive encounter with a spluttering tire. The wind drove tire smoke in frequent spouts down the chimney, whence it oozed slowly, a blue ; ghost like presence, into the room. Esther, 1 however, sat down beside the hearth, and t tlung her wraps on the table. She had an ap- j prehensive shuddering feeling, as if some great disaster were about to overwhelm the world. , The landlady went downstairs again, and Humphrey looked discontentedly about tlie room. It was bare and comfortless, with faded curtains aud white-washed walls. The smoky lire made his eves smart, and yielded a melancholy pale flicker to the hearth. The ' open bedroom door increased tho universal drnughti-ncss, and he shut and bolted it be- j fore joining Esther by the 'Jismal tire. Both , doors, however, still shook and clanked against their framework, and the wide chim ney appeared to have set up ia its depths a private and particular little whirlwind of its own. ' It's a dreaiy place, Esther,'' he said. ' I don't mind.' Bhe answered languidly, . ' we are further from tho sea.' j *' I wonder how those brave fellows are getting on, 'he resumed, with an involuntary sigh. ' Aye, sir, you ivere quite right, ' broke in the voice of the landlady, as she reappeared with an apron full of drier chips, 'those bravo lads aro out an' away on th' horse-bank. . There's two o' th' wives i' th' kitchen now . eryin' as if their hearts were like to break. . An' others on 'em are watchin' th' sea on , th' front, i' teeth o' th' wind.' j Arc many people out there now ? It was quite deserted as we caine along.' j ' Aye, there'll be a crowd by now, I , reckon. Th' uews that th' men ha' gone out '11 travel fast.' I ' Will they Bave them ?' asked Esther | tremulously. | The landlady turned to look with a touch of compassion at the young wife's pale face, j 'I sanna say, my little leddy,' she au; swered Badly, as she went away. I N obody at the inn seemed to think of going to bed on that awful night. Footsteps passed | to and fro continually, and the kindly laud- . lady made periodical visits to her guests, to , tell them the news. Humphrey had drawn back their curtain, and went now and then j to tho window to look out. His instincts j would haveled him to the beach, but he knew his presence was comforting, and almost in- , dispensable, to Esther. j For an hour or two there came no tidings j from the front. The landlady wiped the tears from her eyes now, aa she passed up | 'and down. Her husband had gone out to j join the crowd of agonised watchers, and she j feared, from his long absence, that tho pour little boatload of noble men had been relent lessly swamped by that roaring wind-lashed Bea. . .' It must have been nearly twelve o'clock whan a Bound of footsteps, so numerous and clattering that they echoed above tho occa sional lulls in the wind, came hurrying down the street. A noise of shouting accompanied the tramplings, and an immediate hubbub was audible downstairs. Humphrey hurried to the window to look out, and, as he did so, the front door below waa opened, admitting bo strong a draught, that their own door shivered aud strained redoubly in its recess. The tramplings and the voices entered tlie house, the outer door was banged to again, and a sound of eager talking, of hysterical . . crying came up to tho little parlour. Humphrey opened their own door, and went quickly to the head of the stairs. His wife followed him, and leant, shivering with excitement, against the banisters. She conld see down- into the entrance, which still retained the sense of the admitted gust, in the bobbing of the lamp-flame, and the cold breath that seemed to hang over the stair case. The narrow hall below them, was ful' of people; men-servants and maid-servants, who* shook hands hysterically with two fishermen in their midst. A smell of wet salt arose from the drenched garments of these men, aud Esther saw their dripping backs and glistening oil-skin caps as they were pressed and hurried into the warm kitchen. ? Only three people then were left in the hall; J the landlord, a man who looked like a doctor, and one of the older maids. These three buBied themselves silently about a figure lying flat upon a long bench. ' i. Then the landlady hurried from the kitchen with a blanket, asking some eager questions which Esther did not catch. The house maid withdrew, and it appeared that the other three were about to remove from the Drostrate figure its drenched garmentB. For a few seconds Esther saw the motionless | form clearly; the still face, the throat thrown ' a little back, the dark clinging hair, und the rivulets of water that dribbled aud streamed , from the clothing and made dark pucldles and meandering trickles upon the ground. She saw it clearly, and made no attempt to move away from its presence. She bent her self aver the railings instead, and Btarcd at it dumbly. A strange horror grew in her eyes, and was stamped and petrified upon every line of her white young face. Her lingers gripped the rail until the skin whitened and the veins darkened with the pressure. She fancied that she had cried out, but, in reality, her stillness was so complcto that Humphrey felt a sudden fear and turned to hBr. 'Go back, Esther, ' he said immediately! ' you ought not to have come out.' She lifted herseit then, ami looked at him, still with the dumb tenor in hor gaze. He pulled her quickly, almost roughly, into their own room, and shut the door behind them. ' You shouldn't look at such things, Esther,' he Baid, half-anxious, half-vexed, '? they only make you ill. Sit down, and I will fetch you some water.' He went into the bedroom for the water, and she Bat staring, still with that territied look, into the lire.' The lineaments of the prostrate Hgure were Btamped into her vision ; she saw them wherever she looked about the little loom. Humphrey brought her the water, and she drank it mechanically. Then at last she spoke to him. ' Humphrey,' she said, ' go and lee if he is dead.' ' Of course. he is not dead.' Humphrey answered immediately. ' He waB coming round quickly. But you should not have looked, silly child.' ' Not dead, not dead ?' eclAiod Esther drearily. ' Esther, what is the matter ?' exclaimed her husband anxiously, putting his hand on her forehead. ' Why your skin is like tire. It's all been too much for you — and how you aro shiver ing.' ' Humphrey,' she said, with an effort, and a strained look about the muscles of her mouth, ' I want to tell yon something. I want—' ' Whatever you want to tell me must wait for to-morrow,' said Humphrey docidedly. ' I am going downBtairs now to get you something. And then you go straight to bed.' He went out of the room again, and Esther sad huddled up, staring into the blazing logs The firelight sent fantastic versions of her figure dancing towards the candle-light; and the' draught disturbed candle-light sent back its own rendering of hor to tbe tire. The blue smioke still oozed down into tho room ; tlio two doors still oreaked and shivered upon tbeir hinges. Downstairs tliu only survivor of tho wreck began to recover under the careful treatment of tho doctor and his helpers. Aud out on the sea-margin the waves still roared pitilesBly upon tho beach, and the tearing blast tore their rear ing crests into driving mists of foam. CHAPTER XI. There were strangers — ' off-comera '* they call them in that part of the world — at the Gate Farm. The new inmates had bought Jerry's stock, and had purchased other cows, which they drove, as Esther had so often driven Daisy and Dolly, to and from the beck- field. On a certain March afternoon the solemn troop of fawn, dun and red kine came up tho lane, as usual, a carolled psaSm behind them betraying the presence of the milk-maid who followed at their heels, knitting as vigorously as she chanted in tbe warm evening. A sturdy figure, -with red hair, and in a sea manlike suit of dusty rough serge, seemed to await the passing of the herd. He leant on a gate about a hundred yards from the farm, and looked, with glances of recognition, upon the cows. Thep passed soberly past him, and then the figure of the singing jirl came in view. She was dressed in the ordinary garb of a farm-girl, and hd broad red cheeks and coarse hair. The man who had bent over tho gate eyed her with a mixture of relief, disappointment, and curiosity. Then ho opened tho gate, took a step or two into the road, and joined her. ' You aro bidin' at t'Gate Farm, missis ?' lie said enquiringly, after bidding her good day. ' Aye,' she responded, glancing up at him and seeing an unknown countenance. ' How long ast'o bin there ?' ' What's yon to you ?' asked the girl brusquely. ' It's a deal to me. I ha' tramped all day across country to get here to-night, thinkin' that the folk I used to know war here still at t' Farm.' ' Dosto mean the Jupps ?' asked the girl, standing still in the road, and letting her kino turn in at' tho gate of their own free will. ' Aye. Wheer are they flitted to ?' 'Owd 'Jerry's laid i' tli' churchyard, Tim'B away somewhere t' South, and th' gran lady, as was their cousin once upon a time, is bidin' wi' her mesther, I reckon.' ' Th' gran' lady?' repeated the other slowly. ' Aye, Mrs. Sandys, i think they ca'ed her.' ' I ha' heard nought,' said the stranger, taking off his cap, and running his haud through his hair. '.Maybe you can tell ,me about it. for I feel fair muddled.' ' Then yo' raun come in t' shippen,' . re joined the girl, ' for I mun be off after t' cows.' She hurried across the cobble-stones, and the other followed her slowly, glancing round at the familiar objects. The girl sat down to. her milking, and a man in a smock brought a stool, and went to the further end of the shippen. The. milk frothed from the two pair of hands into the pails, and the sunlight streamed in at the open door. The blue coated stranger leant against tho wall, and, to these accompaniments, heard the Btory of Esther, her grand kiu, and her marriage. ' Thank-ye, missis,-' he said, when the girl had finished, ' thank-ye.' He made no other remark, though he breathed a little heavily, and asked for some milk. When he had drunk it he took up his stick and bundle, and moved to the doorway, looking back over his shoulder to ask a ques tion. ? ' ' Ia Mrs. Phizacklea alive, up at th' Croft Farm?' he demanded cursorily. ' Aye,' said the girl, looking round the cow's tail at him. ' An' Mrs. Shanklin, th' .schoolmaster's wife?' ' Aye,' was again her rejoinder. ' Then ye ean tell any as eareB to know as Josiah Phizacklea is home again, an' 'as had adventures fit to make' th' hair on th' stallies at Overstone drinkin'-fountain stand on end.' And the stranger, as he delivered thiB speech, shouldered his stick, with the bundle slung to the end of it, marched from the Bhippen across the yard, and set off iu the direction of Overstone. 'She war my wife,' he said to the hedges, aa he tramped along. ' She war my wife, tight and fast. ' He chose first to go down into Overstone, i partly because he had ' ho affection for his . aspiring heirs up at the Croft Farm, and partly bccause he had a serieB of thrilling t adventures to relate, which were to make him the hero of the hour. He desired an audience for his tale, and an audience, more over, as large as Overstone could yield. He reached the grey cold-looking town at about six o'clock, without meeting any acquaint ance upon the road; aud turned into the nearest public-house^ his shoes Bounding heavily upon the flagged floor, ub he closed the door, with its tingling bell, behind him. The landlord caine out. and merely per ceiving a burly figure in the passage/gave his convential greeting, and opened the door that led into the room behind the bar. Josiah moved forward, Beeine three Btout figures through the floating meshes of smoke. Their pip«B werr.' in their mouths, their brimming mugs on the table beBide them. Thoir feet t scraped a little on the sanded floor as they turned Blightly to the new-comer, -who advanced slowly into the stronger' light, and then stood motionle9s. ' Hey ?' he Baid, taking off his cap, and revealing his features fully, ' Hey ?' Hia attitude, his tone, his glance as he bent a little forward, were all so indicative ( of ' What. do you think of this, eh ?' that , tbe three occupants of the room turned more | completely towards him. One of them had , known Joajah Phizacklea formerly.- His t eyes widened and hia jaw fell as ho looked at the man in the doorway; then he dropped j his pipe upon the ground, where it broke !with a little craBh. ' My God !' he said, below his breath. ' I thought I'd gi'e you a bit o' a turn, Michael Ashburncr,' said Josiah with much satisfaction. ' 'Tiau't often yo' ha' a ghost as fleshed as I i' Overstone. 1 reckon yo' all thought I was drownded, now didn' yo' ?' 'Dead drowned,' gasped the other, breath- ing heavily, and appearing hulf-dazed as he still looked upon this unforeseen resurreo tion. ' Aye, but I'm not so easy to drown,' re joined Phizacklea, chuckling loudly, aud drawing a chair to tbe table. Tho landlord had followed him into the room, and now stood with liis hand upon tho latch, gazing from ono to the other. He waB new to Over stone, and at u loss to comprehend the sud den excitement. ' Yon man,' said Michael Aafburner, rising to his feet and pointing to Phizacklea with great solemnity, ' yon man war drowuded i' t' quicksands two year thia comin' month o' May.' The others put down their pipes at this remarkable statement, scratched their heads, and eyed .Josiah plilegm.ttically. He kept turning from ono to the other, with satisfied importance. '.I doubt now,' he said delightedly, ' I doubt now there aro stallies an' wins an' weepin' willows set up i' Overstone Church yard, all on- account o' me ? ' ' Theer's a tombstone,' said Michael Asliburner, witli profound gravity, ' theer's u tombstone, sure enow.' He still drew hia breath deeply, outraged into heavy amazement. Josiah accepted tho tombstone as a fresh tribute to his newly gained honours. Ho turned to the landlord, and ordered whisky all round. ' We'll uako a bout of it,' he said, chuckling. ' 'Tisn't every day as Overstone ha' such a story to boast of. We'll make a bouto't.' Tho landlord brought the spirit with some haste, and at last Michael Asbburner began to question this presence from the dead. Josiah settled himself in hia chair, and lit his pipe before ha would tell any portion of his story. Ho had perhaps never attained so complete a fulfilment of his love of notor iety as he attained to-day. ' Tak' a good look at me, Michael Ash burner,' he said complacently. ' 'Tisn't so biteu you'll get a chance to peek at a mon as ha' bin through what I ha' bin through.' ' Asto bin through th' quicksands ?' asked Michael, bluntly going straight to the immediate point of the matter. ' Not exactly,' rejoined Josiah, ' but as near to't as anyone on this coaBt ha' bin.' ' Th' horse war drowned,' suggested Michael, as a stimulus to dragging out the story, which Josiah treated as leisurely as a connoisseur treats old port. 'Aye, aye. Th' last 1 3eed o' the old horse lie war rattlin' away wi' t' cart to .t' cockle- J beds, an' I war lyin' flat ou my back i' o' , pool o' watter.'' ' Tumbled out ?' queried the landlord as | interested as anyone. ' That war so. You see, it war iny weddin-day, an' I had a sup or two o' whisky.' ' Thy weddin'-day ?' echoed Michael Ashburuer. ' Aye, aye. But yon'a another story. We'll come to 't by-and-by. Wheer was I ?' ' I' t' pool o' watter,' suggested one of the listeners. All had suspended their smok ing, and made an attentive audience. ' Well, I lay i' t' pool o' watter, lookin' up at' t' sky. I don't somehow call it all to | mind as clear as I might. But I know I . ? looked to one Bide, an' theer war t' tide comin' in, appearin' rather unpleasant to a man i' my position. An' I looked to t'other side, an' theer war a sight 6' folk comin' along. So I set to, an' hollered.' ' Aye ?' choruBed ttie eager audience ' aye?' 'They reskied me,' resumed Josiah solemnly. ' They reskied me, an' then they pressed me!' ' Pressed ye !' ' Aye, aye. They war t'press-gan g, sure enow ! An, fro' that day to this, I ha' bin servin' His Majesty's Navy. Josiah's Btory became still more thrilling after thiB; and, for an hour, he kept his lis teners absorbed. Finally he related how he had been released, and had taken passage for Overstone on a ' coasting-brig. The storm had come on Boon after the brig had left tho river, and the captain had turned her southward, intending to run her up the Loyne; but the wind had driven her past the mouth of the river, und she had Anally been wrecked on the horse-bank opposite the little fishing hamlet of Chase Heyes. At this stage of his adventures the garrul ity of the farmer soared into eloquence. He described the wind and the waves with in toxicated fervour. He drank to the memory of his brave rescuers with sobB and hiccoughs. He bleBsed them, he extolled them, he de clared them to be the finest crew of fisher men in all England. They had picked him up, clinging to a spar, when all those who had manned the brigand gone to the bottom. As Josiah grew tipsier he began to insist that I they had put out to sea solely on his account; they were eight, ten, a dozen, twenty of them in a boat, all straining at tbeir oars to rescue one poor farmer floating on a Bpar in mid ocean. He endeavoured to depict the ocean in his whisky-glass, and, but for the forcible interference of the landlord, would have re hearsed hiB own swimming exploits upon the wooden table. Michael ABhburner and his two companions had expanded, in the eyes of Phizacklea, into a large audience. This audience cheered and encouraged him when he paused in his pell-mell of words to distill maudlin tears into hiB pocket-handkerchief. Finally he rose unsteadily from the table, with a vague idea that he must visit his old frienda and seek hiB wife. He shook hands with thirteen people, blessed them fervently and touchingly for their welcome of a poor wanderer, wiped his eyes again and again, and at last made an unsteady exit, tottering down the little passage, and stumbling out into the cool night. ' Yon chap may ha bin near drowned, an' had a boatfu' o' men outarter him.' said the landlord, surveying the other three figures, all of whom collapsed upon their chairs in the little parlour, ' bat, to my thinkin', he's long-windad enow to Bet up a storm for his sen in any part o1 th' land and sea wheer ho happens, to find hissen.' And he drew aside the short curtain to watch Josiah's figure zig-zagging away iu the night. ' I've — been — in — a — storm — wheer th' waveB — like — mountains! I've been — pitched — out o' a brig-an-ha' swum milesan miles in-a- sea !' I've-been — reskied-by-a- crew-o' -twenty in — a boat!' chanted Josiah tipsily and drowsily to himself, as he stag gered on, marking long pauses in his recita tive when ho occasionally stood still for a moment, swaying to and fro. ' I've-got-a-wife-as thinks ? sheisa gran' — lady,' he went on presontly, running his words ono into the other,' and steadying ? himself against a post that he might finish his Bentence undiBtracted by the effort to maintain his balance. As he leant up to , tho poBt he surveyed the twinkling lamps of Overstone with benevolence, surmising that they were stars. Then he.sang a few more bars of his soliloquy; nodded confidentially to a crcscent moon above him ; and 1 meandered deviouBly on. ! A little glimmering zig-zag of water waii | dered presently across his path, Radley Beck was. just here, baroly more than a [ shallow trioklo. Lower down it waa joined by the Upper Beck, and frothed out into a brown creaming stream. JoBiah placed one foot upon the first of the stepping-Htonea, and broke lustily into his chant anew, i ' I've — been- in-a-»ea-aa roared-thirteen-to th' dozen! l've-ben-washed-through mighty waveB-atop-o'-a-broken Bpar ! I've been reskied-by-a — ' The Bong broke off in a fall and a splash, for tho hero of the wreck had toppled over i into the brook. Ho lay on his back among the weedB and cresaea, and smiled pleaBantly at the Bky. Six inches of water rippled and gurgled musically about hiB prostrate form: by-and-bye the wet permeated hia clothing, but he found it, on the whole, refreshing and agreeable to hie heated skin. Hia head sank ' a little deeper in the mud, and the water be pan to dribble into h'lB ears. He lifted up his voico. and resumed his recitative. ' I've been-wrccked-on-bank-o' Band i' th' midst o' a-roaring tempest. I'vo beenres kied-by-a-b-oat an'-a-crew-o'-noble-inen ! I've been — ' Tho rest was choked, for his head had sunk a little lower into these calm moon rellecting Bhallows; aud about an inch of muddy water began to flow over hiB mouth. His forehead was barely damp with the ripplos; his burly cheat bulged above the sur face of the brook. One hand splashed about a little, signifying perhaps that at last lie tried to rise. Whethor that wore indeed bo nobody could over tell; only by-and-bye the restless hand was still. A heron flew down the stream, and took up its Btation on one leg beside him; and nothing but the musi cal bubbling of tlio water, and the occasional twitter of a bird disturbed tho stillness of the night. He was found in tho early morning by | some labourers on their way to work. His head had sunk a little lower, then, among tho glimmering green trcsBes of the water' weeds. When they lifted hiin, and laid him oarefnlly on the bank, he had been dead for nearly twelve hours. (To be continued.) 