The Sketcher A RECORD DIVE. (See Illustration on Page 432.) By J. D. M. The intelligent discussion of submarine diving is I believe, a subject that always com-<*> mands the interest of the various people all over the globe, arising undoubtedly from tihe mytsttery of the diver's environment and the very great danger attached to hie calling. I purpose la this cfaorit article to give my reader* an amount of a redord dive wttdt took place in Torres Strait* not many days ago. The good old pihrase, " a desire to excel," It seems to me, has been modernised inlto "a struggle to beat the record." Ntew I knorw not wtaat the exact record dive may Im, either In dress or by submarine machine; but I question whether the dive I am record ing has ever been beaten In any part of the wtarld. Briefly, X must precede my relation by an account of "hew .the euibmJarine machine, waticfh has been working in Torres Strtits, came to be created. When I first saw tbis irivenlUon I could not help recalling those delightful diving stories pf Wellsfs, Juled Verne's, and, other*, and wonderfully as they picture 4he story of the eea in " a hundred faiUhomis deep," a real glance through the • ports of tihe machine ait ftflty fathoms con vinces one of the poverty of human. lan-' guage to demorlbe the silent awe-inspiring grandeur ctf tthe eOately gardens, forny grdUtoes, Jaggett rookta, and coral reefs, the bewildering beauty of the home of Neptune and his lovely mermaids. ' To the nortfh-eawt of Thursday Island, dis tant albout 100 miles, lies a. small island called Damley. Thio Mittle iale has gained unenvia/Ne notoriety of late years on ac count of tihe -many deaths of Japanese and otlher divera which have taken place off its shores. The pearlsbeU around thie particu lar place is aibundan>t—«oime aver that it is ■imply " tftacked up," wbJcn is a gross ex aggeration. SUII, «o prolific is the peart j harvest here awaiting reapers iihat, detpite tihe deep waters (from 30 fathom* to depths tihtit b»ve not been sounded), the diver i« temg*«d down, and once down t« stay so perlkHKly long although the duration may only be seconds, ttoat when 44a face-glass is removed from the helmet on top again .he is seised with paralysta, which too often evedtuates in death. Except in special case*, the grounds) around DarnSey are pro hibited from being worked under a heavy fine. This was done by *he Queensland Go vernment from bumiantterlan motive*. But —ala*! for the greed of weaKh—**at does not stay tho Jap arid others from diving by ateaftth. It is not an uncommon sight now to see a diver go down from a lugger ait Darnley into 38 fathoms at slack w«ter, the wQiole dire occupying fourteen or fifteen minutes, which gives bhn alnout &ye; minutes on the bottom to gather, shell. So grea* is the pressure at this depth that tour «n have to raan the pumps, and they are famy stmrfning at tlie toandle*. The wonder is n6t that so many die, but tbat so imlany survive, ft is an exc!".ms time among the prohibited fleet, when Cap tain Hanrtra, the Fishery Inspector, and his wblte lugger appear above the boriron. Divers are quickly signalled up, salts are frantically hoisted, anchors rattled alboard, and hawsers cut In tbe pell- taell te «scape the vengeance of tbe law. But I am di gressing. As before mentioned, the shell at Darnley is so abundant, yet, "by tbe ordi nary diving- dress, so'difneult and dangerous to obtain, that to -create a submarine iva chine which WouM insure a nwxlaium o! safety to the diver, combined with practical utility, promised a golden harvest to the inventor. It does not take a great amount Jof live motber-of-pearlsheU to make a ton weigbt, and good shell to worth £125 per ton In the .London market at present ; and I muet not forget to mention the occasional finding of pearl gems wbtcb vary in value from ss. to £500 sterling. But the pro blem, alluring as it seems, is not so easily solved, and, like other aquatic puzzles, can only be proved successful or otherwise by practical trial. Apropos of this, I cannot for Dear citing the case of the Bazin Roller «hrp, which cost her experimenter £20.060, and Is now lying at Hull, an admitted fail ure, to be broken up and sold as scrap Iron. Tho pioneer experimenter requires a brave heart. (However, tbe prospects of success seemed sufficient to a few intrepid gentle men in Sydney, and a private syndicate was formed. Civil engineers collaborated with mechanics, and a machine costing over £1000 was eventually turned out of the foundry to compete for the Darnley prtze. The machine weigh 9 2*£ tons, and is practically a boiler designed to keep the in tense pressure out. Instead of in. The plates are %in. tbick, riveted and electri cally fused together. lAt one end there (3 a hollow rani. -This device 13 intended to Increase or dimlnlsn the buoyancy of the machine by. screwing it In or out at wUI, and is worked, like other accessories on the machine, by the operator Inside. The diver enters the machine through the mau hofe door at the top of the other end. Once in. the Hd Is screwed down, air being «up piled by two rubber pipes, delivery aa<l escape. In this respect tbe machine differ* greatly from the ordinary Helncke dreM, which has only one air pipe. In the former *tf small single-barrel putnp ,is sufficient to supply fresh air at almost any depth it 13 safe to go to, and this without the diver 'feeling any oppression : fn tbe latter, fresh air has tto be- furnished tbe diver by four men at the pump if be is down any con- | Blderable depth. Thete are four glass ports from wnPcb to view tbe surroundings directly in front, and below the glass ports are two wheels whfch serve to impel the macnlne along the bottom : or rather tbey were Intended for this. TnJlne wkh the front ports are two rods fitted with auto matic telescopic frraWs wnleh revolve on water-tight ball hinges, allowing them to more freely from side fo aide, or up or down. Th«se grab* pick tip the shell and deposit It In a net attached to tne bead of tbe machine. lA lead keel Is attached to the bottom of the machine to seeuio «la bility. Communication from the sieaia tender's bridge to. the diving machine it ( carried on at all depths by a dry- cell tele, phone battery, the wire running througt one of the air pipes. We now come to the dive. " Stand by your anchor.'.' " Let go." Splash ! it goes into the sea ; the steam tender goes astern, and twenty or' thirty fathoms of chain are paid out. Now we are over the Darnley pearling grounds, fur nished with a Bpecial license to work "Hoist the. machine overboard!" The tackle is hooked on, and the winch soon whips its load into the water. The half submerged machine is now fastened to a pulley on a beam-yard, and another head rope leading for'ard completes the tackle. No trouble to dress the diver, and he steps aboard—no, inside the machine, leisurely smoking hi* pipe, wearing only shirt and pants. The manhole lid is securely fasten ed over him, and down she goes. Down down—you can see her getting smaller and smaller through the azure, and now so light in weight that one man can lower away. Darker, and yet darker, till she is lost to view. " She's on the ground, sir." "What water have you, bosun ?" " Twenty-seven fathoms, sir." The telephone rings on the bridge. " Hullo ?" " Heave ahead a ' leet'.e.' " The order is obeyed. Another ring. "Tell that fellow at the pump to go easy, or I shall catch cold with that draught." " Steady the pump there." " Ay, ay, sir." And so we go on for an hour or so,, till the tide is commencing to ftood. Suddenly there is a tug at the lite line, and mure air piping is paid out. " Heave the lead again, bosun." " Porty one fathoms, sir." " Whew ! what's the pressure ?" " Ninety- five on the gauge, sir." Then tha skipper goes to the 'phone. "Below there!" "Hullo?" comes sput tering up 240 ft. of salt water. " Are you all right ?" " Yes. why ?" " Oh, I thought you had gone through the bottom, that's all." "She's all right; let her go down gently, there's plenty of shell here." More life line awl air-p>i.pdug is paid away, and the tide tugs angrily at them as it sweep* by. Atgtiln Uhe machine makes a sud den and unexpected plunge. "Confound it!" muittera U»a sMpoer, " What sort of a bot tom is that?" "On deck !" comes ftofttiag up the 'pflrtrae again. "Don't heave any more, we are Just on the edge of a precipice; keep everything tault." " Right ; iheav* the lead again, bosun, here by the machine." FVwty-niwe fajfllnoow, air." "Caesar'e Ghost! go rigtfc forward artel sound over the bows." " Sixty-cftgtlt ffttfoamß, str." " What's on <4»e gauge ?" " 1201b. to the square inch, sir." " Guess I'M cmll them up. I say, below there !" tine skipper cries Into the 'p<hon« box ; " if I go -afhead you will drop a s3ie*-r 100 ft." " Ha-ul us up again ; it'e useless go ing deeper, Che tlttee are too strong." The machine- is hauled up with its glean ing of peaiShefl in the net, and snugly housed aboard the tender. " Tihiai'B net much of a take, is it, B'.ll ?" «tays the skipper ruefully. " NVj ; you see titoe difficulty now is to get tine machine to be steady in th*t bally tide way. I get near shell, 'plhone up ' tt.ca.ve ahead, a lUdtfle,' aud-«s soon as t>he feels tkc strain sh» lifts up like a prancing ttoree, aod steers awky at a tangent. I feel like gdbtdnK out *nd muzzling her. Face to, skipper, we want the meuctfine propelled by electricity, or some ether mdcive power, along tfce botitiom." " Do you think sftie will c\ rer be a aiu> ocob ?" " Look here, skip ; just get her to go ' on her own,' and I'll get as much shell ia an hour as a dozen luggers will in a day." " H'm ! Well, that means shipping the mtaoMne tb Sydney. Vary well. Get your tttaJbcOies on, aod clear up the decks." The mtacWne has gone to Sydney to be im prorrea upon. The greiaii'e^t c>bJtacle has bean surmountted — Haw to down safeiy in great depths for any detoired time. The question of l-occdnlo/tltoa below Is 'sorely at tie prctoent day a minor medhanioal detail. When «he-Hoh* improved ma china —circes back ia a few weeks' time,' I may be in a , position tb get " snapshots" of the ocean's !bed (ithei«'s plerity of light below), au<J .-Ao-w some ptotures of those raarveMously-c-on £*ru«)t€<d'skieWtcnfl3h > tin bDne3 onily of whlcb you can see, and cither eights which ro de aenrbe withioult eorro'btoi'a.tlon by a " Kodak" wouM umduJy test the reader's creduH:.y an>l risk my repotaltlon for veracity. 