THEY WALK THE NIGHT.! THE GIANT 0H08T OF BENTOJT. The numberless superstitions which beset humanity in the past are utmost gone, and with rapid strides the world becomes daily more matter of fact, Still, it continues to see ghosts and to believe in them. Its habit nowadays is to want to put its hands on things, tn know by touch as well as sight that the things are there before it believes, but nevertheless ghosts move hers and there in the throngs, and intelligent people are convinced that tbev are actually super natural visitors. A case in point is the Benton ghost, which is attracting much attention. A farmer named John W. French and his wife were the first to see the apparition. They live In the country near Benton, and ware driving home one night from a neigh hour's, The road passed an old church, moss covered and surrounded by a grave yard, overgrown with shiubbery and filled with the bones of hundreds who once tilled the soil in the locality. Ten years ago an aged man who lived alone not far from the old church and visited the graveyard almost daily to Dray over the Testing place of some relative, was foully murdered for the store of gold he was supposed to have hidden about his hermit abode. _The robbers and murderers escaped jusliceTand the luckless greybeard was buried in the graveyard where he spent so much time. Just as French and Mb wife drew within eight of the white heudstonea in the ohurohyard the hortea reared back on their haunches and snorted in terror. Frenoh was alarmed, and, suspeotiog highwaymen had been scented by the hones he reached for a gun, but rjeiore his hand touched it he was startled by a scream from his wife. Cluteh ing his arm, she pointed straight ahead and gasped : ' took, John. Look ! ' Far down the road, just beside the glim mering monuments of the old graveyard, he saw an apparition. It was that of a man with a long white beard sweeping over his breast. The figure appeared to be eight feet in height, and in one hand it curried a club, such as the brains of the old man had been beaten out with ten years before. Slow'iy raising one arm, the ghost with a majestic sweep beckoned French to come on. He was too startled to do anything except try to restrain the prancing horses, which were straining at the harness in at tempts to break away and run. A cold cweat started out all over trie body of the farmc r as he realised that be was at last looking at a ghost, and then the sound of his wife's voice came to him, begging him to return the war they had come and ei cape tiie doom whioh seemed impending. French wan still ton much scared and excited to control the hones, and as he gated stead fastly at the fearful white object in the road it slowly began to move toward them. The club wee now raised to its shoulder, aa a soldier carries a rifle, and it seemed to move forward without touching the ground, like a winged thing. Then the farmer recovered bis faculties. Whirling his team around, he lashed the horses into a run and set out for the house of the friend he had just left. When they arrived there, both the man and his wife were almost fainting from fright. The next man to see the ghost was Mil ton Moon. He had the reputation for being not only a man of intelligence, jbut one without fear. His experience wasinuch the same as that of the Frenches, anpyit brought about several investigations byWrties of people. Id each case they saw and were convinced of the actual, presence of the ghost without being able to disoover any satisfactory explanation. An inteiesting American ghost is that whicli in «aid to dwell in the Forbes manor house at Batli-on-the-Hudson, near Albany. One night aboutthirty vears ago the manor house was the blazing Bceneof asocial gathering Just what out of the ordinary happened thai oight nobody in Bath knows. Bat something did happen, for everybody in Bath says so. At any rate, it was a gala night, but the next morning all the tervanta excepting four faithful ones, who had been with thn familv for many years, were dis cbmged, and shortly after breakfast all the members of the familv left the manor house in carriages. No good-byes were said. Behind them they left their beautiful home aa it bad been the day before. On the mantels and dressers wore the pictures of friends ; in the bureaus and iockers and chests were their clothes ; on the deskB their letters and papers. Trinkets lay on the tables forgotten. The doors were looked, the curtains polled down, and the house closed for «11 time. A man in black is said to walk that house every night, mumbling and moaning as be passes np and down the broad stairway. Snores of people assert that they have heard him, and a feweay that they have seen him. One of the latter describes him as follows : His hair was long aud curly and parted on the side, his eyes were bright, his features I clearly cut, and his face pale. He was smooth shaven, and wore a high standing collar and « blaok bow and stock. He wan in evening dress and wore no jewellery «n cept a gold fob. For a moment be ceased mumbling, and then began moaning and walked away. He passed the door, walk ing toward the stairway. The ghost hunter tiptoed to the door and watched him ascend the stairway till be was half-way to the top, when he slopped as though he had encoun tered another person. He raised his hands appealingly, and fell backward with a! shriek that rang throughout the house and n- answered by the echoes. His bend ntruck a marble step, and thinking he bad been injured the watcher rushed to [he j K(»t. He saw nothing. j The history of this ehost is tightly locked with the family, wbo now live in the old Forbes mansion, New York. Paul Simeon Forbes purchased the manor house In 1860 from the V*n Rensselaers, with 900 oorea of land. He paid 93,000 dollars fpr 't, whioh was considerably less than the cost of the house, the land being practically thrown in. The manor bouse i« now the property of a Boston man, NathanieVStone. The ancient house* of England hava al ways been favourite haunts of ghosts. Sussex, whioh. of all the English counties, has retained its old characteristics the most, has » good many ghosts who lire still realities in the eyes of the rustics of that little visited dlslriot, whioh was onoe the centre of England's iron'induBtry. There is the headless man of fit. Luaanvd't forest, known as Squire Paulett, wbo jumps upon the crupper of a honemun entering the forest and remains there-uotil clear of it. [There is the drummer of Hurstroonceaux, Blaok dogs, u fa vou lite shape assumed by ({hosts all over England, haunt all dark lanes and tone byroads, and' under many n I sequestered wooden bridge a woman maj | tie seen spinning, « hite on the old cattle toad between Kingston, near Lewes, and the Marshes, known as the Drove way. a goblin may lie seen on any dark, wild night incessantly spinning charcoal. Norfolk is another county whioh teeres with ghosts. There is a pale, long-baired woman who runs shrieking among the pits on Aylmerton Heath. There is a great black ' shuck dog '—the word ' shuck ' is said to mean the devil— whioh has a blaging eye in the centre of his forehead, and has a brother at Peel Oastle, in the Isle of Man. the spirit of a murdered prisoner. Then yo-ing Lord Uacre.who was murdered in 1565 by his guardian, Sir Richard Ful ' merston, who arranged that a rocking horse on which the boy sat should fall, still prances about on a headless rocking-horse. Anne Boleyn still rides -down the avenue of Blickling Park once a year in a bearse like coach, drawn by four headless horses and driven by a headless drjver, with her head in her lap, and her father.Sir Thomas, does the eame thing. At Caistor Cast le there is another oo«ch and headless team, | and yet another near Great Melton. This I last rises from » pool every midday and midnight and, with its load of four headleae ' dripping white robed ladies, passes slowly I round the field and sinks ugain, and tradi tion says that at ibis spot long ago a bridal party were upset into this -pool and never seen again. 