An. Indian Gnost Siory. Mr F. H. Skaine tells a strange story in the Calcutta ' National Magazine ' of what happened to him when engaged in census operations in the ' Jungipore ' district of Bengal. He was spending the night as the guest o? an indigo manufacturer and his wife, both French. ' I was, aVakened in the dead of night,' says the writer, ' and sat up, trembling with the terror which comes once or twice in a lifetime, from the approach of the unknown. A child's voice came from without. In tones of agony it shrieked — ' Mamma ! Ayah !' I sprang through the open French window into the flower garden. All was still, except the thump of my heart as I listened in tently. It must have been a. jackel, I thought ; but hark. Again the wail rang out, ' Mamma, Ayah !' This time there was no mistake as to the direction. The sounds came from the indigo vats, an appurtenance of every factory. They are deep masonry cisterns, in which the green plant is immersed in order to extract the coloring matter. I ran down the avenue, climbed the party wall separating the row of vats, and peered into the dark recesses of each* AU were empty, save one filled with dear water to serve as a reservoir for the gar den, and it showed no sign of human, life. Filled with creeping fear, I turoed and walked slowly towards the house over ground on which the feathery foliage of the casuarinas seemed to be photographed by the moonlight. High, above their mournful souyh there came again the childish screams. J ran back to the vats, an I searched each in vain f CH.-11 T.I. .11 /!? T -_1_-_1 ... oiian i aiarm tne nouss s i asseu ray self. The feeling that human interven tion was useless' restrained me, and. . I sought my bed, whereon I tossed ' till the morning sun pierced the Venetian blinds. It was very late according to Anglo-Indian ideas, ere I joined my entertainers at breakfast.. There was something in my appearar.ee which showed that all had not gone well,., for I was pressed with questions as to whether I had slept soundly. I ad mitted that I had not, and I began to tell the strange episode of the previous night. Before the denouement wa3 reached my hostess sank from her chair in a. swoon. M. Gilbert, as he ran to her assistance, cast on me a glance of menace and reproach which I shall never forget. With the help of the servants he carried -the poor creature to an adjoining bedroom, f , leaving me in mute amazement at the effect of my plain, unvarnished tale. ' After 10 minutes or so he returned,, and striding up to me, said in a voice trembling with fury, ' Well, sir, what am I to understand by this mystifica tion V ' What on earth do you mean 1' ' Yes, sir ; mystification. And permit me to observe that it is in execrable taste.' So saying M. Gilbert brought his pudgy fist down on the table with a thump that made the hot-water dishes sound a carillon. Shifting my position to a point within reach of the carving. knife, in view of active hostilities,. I replied, 'Now, M. Gilbert, per haps you will explain the mean ing of such language to a guest.' There was something in my manner which im pressed the unhappy man. He grew calmer, and asked anxiously whether I had really heard the .voice in the dead of the night, and whether I did not know the misfortune which had wrecked his life, and was breaking his wife's heart. I assured him, on my word of honor, that I had heard his name for the first time on the previous day. ' Sir,' she re plied after a pause, ' our little boy was drowned a year ago in those vats.? ' 