NEWS AND NOTES IN A NUTSHELL ->vTHE.-, mr-Mm. ..ooLua:i Our Bays, Mnrylebouo mntcli. AtistvulhtiiH iiinUc E10. Englishmen iigaln tit the wickets. Five for 85 wax the record when stumps were drawn. Match at present. looks like a soft thing for the Australians. .Several fnterestlug 'divorce . petitions lpmrd to-day by Mr Justice u'UeekcU. Uo- ports appear In other eoltumis. ' Judging by the way In which folks are crowding Into the shows of spring drapery, this commupUy includes a very large proportion of prosperous people. .The bntw, kilted hulilles of the Vle- toriun. iibottlsh Heglmcnt, ou their tlrst lusiiectlau and route march, rurnlsh a page of Hue UluslraUous to "The Weekly Times." A slekly-lookltijj tvonian named Amy rnyue was found guilty at the (enural Sessions to-day of stealing several pieces of jewellery aud other articles, the pro perty of Mr Allison, undertaker. She hail lieen ln his service ns u domestic. Azarius lleswlek, a eariienter, livlug in ralmerston place, Carltou, who attempt ed to commit suicide last night by taking laudanum, was desiiomleut, owing to his failure to obtuin work. lie Is under treatment In Hie Melbourne Hospital, Obd recovering. / Iu the Legislative Assembly tlds after- noon, Mr Duggnn will draw attention to the valuable and extra work done hy the various electoral nnd deputy-electoral registrars throughout the colony, lii con nection witii the Federal Referendum; 9ud urge the Chief Secretary to substan tially recognise It by granting bonuses or some monetary reward. " Victoria's tveord vote for federation is appropriately commemorated liy the Issue. by, "The Weuldy Times" of what it humls down to. an admiring posterity as the Record Number." Tbo leading illustration Is u gram! full-page Hash- light picture (by llarvlc anil Sutcllffe), Bliowlng the limuciisu crowd In Colllus street on Referendum night, watching the posting of the returns. It Is certainly a uiusterpleee in the way of flashlight photography ami artistic reproduction, and, as a worthy souvenir of iiil historic occasion, It is well worth- framing. A question of lutorpratntlou "Upon What meat does this our Caesar feed that be liath grown so great V" quoted Mr Murray Smith, interrogatively, in the As sembly last night, in relation to Sir George Turner. The query was discuss ed by two young electors coming In from East Richmond tills morning. "Thai's what i calls a roundabout Mg.i falutiu' way of putting It," observed oue of Hie speakers. "Caesar's ghost! why dUln'-'c ,.ttsk tiie l'rimyeer straight out 'who's yer \ O.utcher,' Just us you or nui 'ml ask a oloke 'who's yer _ 'utter":" "Rut it woudu't 'live been so perllte," remarked .the s(coud imssenger, ami then Hie train pulled up at I'll ace's Rrldgo Ktatlon. Humdrum domestic life was apparent ly quite unsuitable for Mrs Frederick Uowery, who, prior' to niarylug a "grip- tmiu, was employed in the lively aluios- phere of a hotel. Bowery Is described us n model husband, and- by frequent changes of lvshlcnra lie sought to meet ids wife's whims. 'Rut lit so 111 succeed ed that ultimately she cleared off, and then adjured him by letter from an other colony to he a good tium; Incident- ally intimating that btie had herself given. Jier.heui t to God, nnd joined the Aruiy. Tha>next thing he Jieard about her wua that she had gone to tlio United States with a man. The Divorce Court has act Mr Bowery free— that is to say, a de uce ulsl was granted to-day. . " Bendlgo stock market quiet to-day, with a weakening tendency. The F.M.S. Polynesh-ii left Colombo, homewards, ou Friday inornlne, llie I- .M.S. Austiwllen left Colombo for Australia on Tue-day morning. I Ou I'nge I! this evening we give a num ber of reviews of interesting books of the day. Sir Thomas Upton's L100.000 cutter Shamrock , this year's challenger for thu America Cup, has sailed for New- York. A respectably drossul young follow, named William Barker, was locked up at Richmond to-day, on a charge of using obscene language. The assassination of Fiesiilent Uereaux has iM'mi followet! by much unrvsi in un happy San Domingo. Serious disturb- uuees are .being fomented, and commerce is paralysed. . "Rita" gives some notes on the first dis play locally of the spring and summer 'goods;'—' On -nll'Kilntx. -lady- rentiers are Informed what arc the distinctive fea tures tlris season. Page "We publish to-day u esihle dealing with tlie "forward movement" in Anierleau Catholicism, ami the altitude towards it adopted by the Vatican. Some Interesting particulars follow the cable message. Holes, uu English cyclist. Is thu latest wheelman to attempt' thu still unaccom plished feat or rldlu'g 100, miles a day for n year. Hales, however, bars thu Sun days, Six days will he cycle, but on the seventh rest. Yes 152,574; No, 0825. Majority for. the Rill. 112, 7-HL— Latest ollielul returns of last Thursday's Federal referendum. Five small returns from East Glppshuul. and one small return from Renambni are to come. . That all Is uot gold that glitters was clearly demonstrated to-day at the Daylesford Court, when a speculative geutluman who was offering much adul terated gold for sale was sent into twelve mouths' compulsory retirement by the P.M. "Why didn't you make the explanation to thu constable':" asked Mr II. Edwards, J.I'.. Chairman of the Carlton Bench, to day, to a youthful defendant. "! didn't think of it. sir," he' 'replied, "and, besides, if you say anything to a policeman, he thinks it cheek." A drawing by C. E. Hammond of the great A.N. A. demonstration in tlie Mel- buuruu Town llall, on the eve of the national victory, is. reproduced among thu Illustrations in the Record Number of "The Weekly Times." Tlie "Times" considers the release of Colonel dn I'aty de Chun as an accept ance by the French Government of his explanation tliut his dirty work In the Dreyfus affair was ilonu under direct orders from Generals Gonse and Rois- .deffre, the chiefs of the staff. A Blue Book, Just Issued, describes the progress of Crete during the brief period of British administration. The revenue hud increased fourfold, and for the. first -tittle exci'cileildhi?xf\|K!mUtureiutiie gaols were empty, mid a spirited policy of ; public works hod Iweti commenced. A woman charged at the General Ses- 1 sions t-oday with larecuy of several ar- tides of jewellery, declared that she hud j purchased most of them, and that "onoj of the rings was given to her as an en gagement ring, and the other as a keep sake." The Jury, however, found her guilty. Before ordlunry business was taken In the Practice Court to-day, n couple of newljMitnde magistrates and a notary pulilie were sworn In. ,The iuttur, Mr II. P. Douglas, was— through an accident deseiThedl elsewhere— obliged to take, twice over, the series of oaths niiuireil from notaries. This involved his huving to "kiss the book" imlf a do/.un liines. "Many years ago hu lost a considerable sum through the victory of the favorite In a big race. Since then, however, he bad paid. up all his losses." Thus was prochiimed In lite Licensing Court to-da.v the twenty shillings iu the pound mora lity of u bookmaker. There are many more pretentious and godly people to whom we might say, "Go Uiou and do likewise." , Thy Mayor of Melbourne Is not so kecu on general amalgamation of- the munici palities wltblu Greater Mellmunie as he was: lie has aseerlaincd that the liuijor- Hy of his eouuell are against it. nud he eoiicludc-s from the actlim of the South Melbourne Council, 'In regard to the piece of laud south of Prince's Bridge, Hint that body is nh:o ji womblo. Tlie pros- pitch) of general anmlgiuimtlou 'do not appear to be very bright. . "! avus never so long In getting down to thu showroom. I was pushed, too, though 1 decided It would lie undignified mid altogether Impossible to push imck. yet honesty compels mo to say that the lady whose jiowers hi tills direction left tlie strongest Impression— ou my nrm— aviis much bigger than L Not tliut this, I 'hope,' hud iinythlng to do with my re solve to reeolvuhcrlmpresslon In a Chris tian spirit."— "RHtt" In a spring show crush. Thu administration suit of Ilenty a. Henty avus mutitlouud In tlie I'ractlcu Court to-day. It appeaml Hint the prin cipal plulntlff hi thu action. Miss 1-ouisn Ilenty, avus desirous of retiring from Unit posltiou, but there were objections, chief ly from tlie principal defumlaiit, Mr Henry Henty, to. this liberty being allow ed. The Ilenty ease is another of those great and profitable cases that tlonrish iu the rich alluvial soil of Hie Courts, aud, naturally, there were many "appear ances" Avium the miiticr wax mentioned to Mr Justice llolroyd. Mr Weigall had j the tloor when the Court adjourned for | itmeli. THIRD EDITION. NEWS AND NOTES IN A NUTSHELL. (Continued From Pago 1.) atiUrlinnuy. Under legal review. More tllvorrc eases to-day. A numlier of petitioners lire suecossfu!. Tesliiled In Die Court of (ieit'Tiil Sen- lions to-day Dial an w.tiim.'iI person was l "fairly honorable" num. That's like 'moderately moral," remarked Mr Field Darrutl. " I luive never :it any lime since my Diarringe beta tin: worse for liquor," de posed a peiltlonin;; husband lu the Di vorce Court to-day. Hut ho hadn't boon Q teetotaller all tin time. Mr De.,t. tin Minister of Lands, hns prepared a laad settlement scheme, whleh, it Is aiilleipittod, will help in the .solution of tho unemployed problem. The scheme will be mailt public during Die present month. .Some Interesting wages figures, show ing Inehlenlally the operation of tho Fac tories Act upon tho. trades It. protects, were submitted at this week's meeting of. tho Anti-Sweating League. They arc reproduced on I'ngo 11. The revenue of the colony for last month was L5i>!),:!yx, or f.ur»,">bS more than for '.Inly In ISiJS. An lnerca.se of 1.23,000 In railway ivcelpts aeeounted for almost Dm whole of the excess for the llrsi month of the current llnanclal year. Only one of the cases lieatd In, the Divorce Court to-day, up to the time ot our going to press, was defended. Jn this the hushaint was petitioner, and he al leged drunkenness ami neglect, of house hold duties against, his wife. A decree nisi was granted. Allowing 111,000, or thereabouts, for the nlural votes on Die rolls. orobaJdv about li."0,0(10 persons were actually en titled to vote on Thursday last. OL' that number, so far as can. lie gathered up to the present, rio fewer Dian .1(2, 500 avail ed themselves of their privilege, or equal to Oo per cent. Was It accidental? After the Utile fieene hi the Legislative Assembly last night between 31r Murray SmIUi and the Premier, Mr Denkiu. when addressing Die House, referred to Mr Smith as the member for Haw-Haw-Hawthorn. But, after all, Hawthorn is not. such a "haw- haw" place as some .people not Hying there may think. Mr John Hancock. M.LS.A., who has been eonthicd to his lied for the past, fort night, Is slightly .belter to-day. Dr. M'Carlliy, his medical jltcudant, advises us Dial the member fin? Footse'ray is suf fering frotu bronchial, pneumonia, and olher serious complications, ami Dial It is absolutely essential, that ho sltould'hnve complete rest for soiuu time to come. The naval conference;. on the question of an Australian naval reserve'sat again to-day in private, and further discussed the practicability of u Tidieme, modifying Imperial conditions. Commander Ores well attended on hehnlf of' South Aus tralia. The four le-jdlibT colonies—New South Wales, Victoria, Queensland, and bouUt Australia— are now represented. There are several inonihers of Hie Oppo sition who profess to be'quile Indifferent as to. the l'ate of ."Mr Madden's motion. What they will do lit the event of a divi sion being taken is baud to say. In any cast?, as the motion hns been taken by Hie Ministry as. cms of no conlldunco, Die Government Is eertrju of n substantial majority. Public business in the de partments is boiiig'izirriiMl on us usual. Sergeant ltogcraoij, of Arumduie, was to-day presented l'iy the Chief Conunls- Blonir of Police, il /e lusr.eeting.Superln- tendent. anil otlleei « of Hie Mclbnurho police iljstrlet wiit a gotci medal, In ap preciation of his bravery while arresting two . men at Arm ndale on -3rd June last. Mr Ohondey at id Mr O'Callaghau eulo gised the serge nut's conduct, which Mr O'Cullagintn c) jaracterlsed as a splendid object; lesson to the police, force. ".Von. must not," said Judgu Hamilton to n barrister ,10-day, "ask a 'question, nnd thoiwibuse (he witness for, nut answer ing it when you don't give him a .chance.' The harrisl cr offered mi explanation, but his Honor -rojoliied, "II Is grossly unfair for you tc/nslc a question, und then' 'stop the .witness, from giving his full answer, if jmu f>utf:nue .to do so I will stop the examiin/tioij J', Kven a witness has rights— if Die Judge happens to remember them. 1 At, a de|tl:itlon do-ilny to thy Acting- MlniHter olM-'ublle Works, regarding tho Goulburti lfivel,,'the Engineer of lteelum- .atlon WuricH stnteil that the lnspeetor- -Getiuriil of Public Works eonftrmeil tho uinicmonl to gel. 30 Hullnble of the Mel bourne rngSstered uiiomployed to go on u country work one hundred at least of those oil the register had to bo written to./ The reason was explained by Mr Kernot before the Board ou Unenqdoy- mcnt a few weeks ago. A. matter not generally kndwn Is Hie suin pahl per trip by the large steamships i; of the P. and O. ami other cohqmnles for traversing the Suez Canal. . For ex- simple, the U.M.S. Omrah, which arrived to-day, paid In all I20U0 to conm through 1his trip, so that her voyngu here ami home will cost L1UU0 la this outlay ulone, or atthe rule of LI 2,000 per annum. Pas sengers are charged for at ten francs per head. The Omruh's Cannl tonnage Is a little over fiOUO. The Metropolitan Licensing Court are i1ui ui&jju.-u; iu «" ..»«»,«» makers. Judge Molesworth said to-day, when dealing with an application for Die Irausfcr of a colonial wine license, that It was very undesirable to have a profes sional guntbler as Iho licensee of a wine shop. The only objection to the appli cant was on account of his being a book maker, and Mr Daly, who appeared for the applicant, after hearing his Honor's remarks, withdrew the application. A grant of LbOO tn enable sellable pre parations to he made for the Grand Na tional Show to he held then?, was applied for by the Maryborough Agricultural So ciety. It was customary, so It was ex plained, u few years back to make such a grant, but the subsidy had boon discon tinued. Now that the good limes wen? returning, tho application was considered reasonable. Mr M'Culloch would only promise to give a few gold medals for prizes instead of silver medals previously intended, In the ordinary course, private mem bers' huHlncHS-would eotnu on at half-past eight to-night, but tho Government will urge prlv'nto members to give way, and pllow debute on Mr Mmhlca's "priv ilege motion to be concluded, lu view of tho fact that the motion Is being traitcciV 1 prone .oCiitfcewtflUene, H lamot anticipated that thewnvlU be 'any objec tion. QtTcnmi?nt Intend ta uao every effort to lvc tho dohato fluUhed, ns Ibe work -of tho scaslon linB lwcn-com- mcjieediator;and«thero'is- much -tp- be done By Gaunt's instiuments at noou to-day Die readings were: — Bumuietor, 3U.ILU, falling; therinoineter, In the sun 1«J4ileg., shade Wdeg. The motion lur dual Juilguifid in the action by the Union Buuk v. D'Uourkc has been postponed for a fortnight, on the application of defendant, Mrs Itchiccu O'ltourke. The latter has secured the services of a solicitor to put her defence into proper legal form. To-day the Unionist titters who went out on strike about live weeks ago from Messrs Holilson Bros.' cngiueiTlng es tablishment, .South Melbourne, applied to be re-engaged by the linn. The llrm have compiled with the request, ami as many of the strikers us pusslblc will. he .started at work to-morrow. The lion- Uiiionlsls hi the employ of the llrm are, however, to be retained. Curious breakdown of a prosecution un der tho Factories Act to-day, defendant being Kdwnrd J. Barllett, clothing Manu facturer, South Melbourne. The mime of the prosecuting Inspector was spelt "Bryce" instead of "Brysc," In tho docu ment authorising hhn to prosecute. An objection based upon this was not remov ed, though evidence was tendered Iden tifying 'the inspector, and the ease wus ; struck out. This afternoon a deputation representa tive of the Wallmllu and Moomlurra Hallway League, the Vv'nlimlla Miners' Association, waited ou the Minister of Hallways, and urged upon hhn that a line, frotu Moe, on the main Glppsland Hue, to "Walhalla should be referred to Die I'arliatueutary tinuulhig Committee on Hallways for ennsldenUlon and re-, port. Mr Williams, In reply, said that he had seen the deputation as a matter of courtesy, hut he could not hold out any hope lu them of being able to comply with the request at present. 