(ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) THE GARDEN COURT MURDER By BURFORD DELANNOY. CHAPTER I. TWELVE OF THE CLOCK AT NIGHT. The champagne had not a bubble left in it. The glass stood on the table, but the life had departed from the contents thereof. It was the fourth glass Jenkins had poured out for him, but the Hon. Hubert Haddon had not tasted one of them. Then Jenkins left the room, to bring in another of the courses his mas- ter was playing with, but did not eat, the champagne had been poured into the coal vase, and a tiny little pool was forming on the scuttle mat, where the wine had filtered through the coals. Hubert was not drinking. He was anxious for possession of a clear brain and a steady hand. His soul was in travail—he had work to do. He had no intention of drowning his sorrow in the flowing bowl. Moreover, a steady hand was essential to him in the work he con- templated ahead. Internally he was raging, but he had sense enough to know that wine is a Mocker. Jenkins—good servant as he was in no way commented on the untasted din- ner. He saw his master was out of sorts, and filled up the wine glass whenever he saw it empty—which was each time he brought in a course of dinner. In the circle in which Jenkins had risen from Buttons to be Hubert's own man, champagne was considered a pana- cea for all the ills that flesh is heir to. Jenkins administered the remedy—or thought he did. He was surprised at the failure of it. All day his master has been distrait— Jenkins had not failed to notice it—ever since the delivery of tile morning mail. Hubert usually opened his first post letters in bed, and he had not departed from his custom this morning. But for once the effect had been singular. From that time the change had come about. Jenkins had never known light-hearted, flippant Hubert so silent at a dressing before. The breakfast was taken away untasted. He sat in his arm-chair by the fireside for hours, not even smoking. Towards the afternoon he had gone out to purchase something, and returned to resume his seat by the fireside and think —think deeply. An unusual thing with him, for the Hon. Hubert Haddon was known as a "chappie." "Chappies" bear the reputation of never thinking. On this occasion Hubert proved the ex- ception to the rule. The dinner finished, the seat by the fireside was resumed. Hubert's mental vision embraced but three things. His mind was in such a condition that it contemplated nothing but the mantel clock, the letter in his vest pocket, and the other thing in his coat. And even so he sat watching—watching till both hands should approach the topmost figure on the clock's face—till it should be midnight. For he had business to transact with a man he knew, and he knew where to find his man after that hour. In his own room Jenkins sat—think- ing, too. Thinking whether his master's marriage would make much difference to him in his situation—for the Hon. Hubert Haddon was to be married on the morrow. Jenkins had had but little experience with prospective bride- grooms, but he thought his master's be- haviour on the eve of his nuptials singu- lar, to say the least of it. Not that Jenkins approved the mar- riage any more than did the Haddon family. He knew of other similar mar- riages—and the result of them. The usual Stage and the Peerage does not usually make a choice blend. Its union is not of strength, and is usually severed, sooner or later, in the Divorce Court. Whilst Jenkins was thinking, the bell rang. The Hon. Hubert Haddon was living in a flat, therefore it did not take Jen- kins long to answer the summons. When he did so, it was to find that his master had taken off his coat and was yawning in front of the fire. "I'll go to bed, Jenkins." The man rendered the usual assis- tance. A good-night was exchanged, and Jenkins retired to his own room. As his footsteps died away his master leapt out of bed, and pressed the electric light button. Then he silently com- menced to dress—with his eye ever on the clock. A top-coat and soft felt hat, added to the clothing he had been wear- ing, completed his outfit. When he had buttoned the outer gar- ment across his chest there was a bulge over the region of his heart. He had something bulky in his breast pocket. He lifted the lappels of his coat and felt in his vest, there was something there, too—a letter. A glance at the clock, a pressure on the button, and the room was once more in darkness. The door was quietly opened, and he stood in its frame—listening. Not a sound dis- turbed the flat. All was quiet. He closed the door behind him, and went silently down the stairs. Opening the hall door, he fitted his latch-key in the lock on the outside drew the door to after him, and let loose the catch. He drew a breath of relief at the success of his noiseless exit, and ran down the steps to commence his journey. As he did so a neighbouring church clock chronicled the ending of another day. The hour he had waited for had arrived. It was midnight. CHAPTER II. THE LOADED PISTOL. Two minutes' walk and Hubert had reached the main road. He hailed a hansom, and was driven to Ludgate Hill Station. Trains leave there after mid- night, but he did not travel by one. He entered the station by one door and left it by another. He had no wish for his journey to be traced—his present pro- ceedings would foul any scent. Crossing New Bridge-street he walked on and turned down the Emnbankment, and still walked till he reached the railings of the Temple Gardens. Here he paused. There was no moon and in the darkness there did not appear to be a soul in sight. It was a somewhat difficult but not im- possible task to climb those railings. In a few minutes he was on the other side, panting a little from the exertion, but still there. His old University athletic training stood him in good stead. And he had to climb them again to break out of the garden, in fact—into the Temple. For the man he was wanting to see had rooms in Garden Court. He might have rung up the night- porter at the lodge and gained admit- tance that way, but he had a reason for effecting an unperceived entrance—the aame reason which had promoted him to destroy his trail at Ludgate Hill Station. The Temple is singularly quiet in the small hours. As Hubert strode across the gardens, he saw his beacon. There was a light in the first floor window of a house in Garden Court. The chambers of Clifford Grey. Barrister-at-law was the profession followed by Mr. Grey. And followed in somewhat eccentric fashion. When others were in the land of Nod, he worked. Did the work he should have done in the evening. He said he found it quieter and more pleasant then. Those who knew him gave other reasons. Those which concerned women and wine and cards. But Mr. Grey was not a fool. He knew that the reputation he was gaining for smartness in the law courts, would soon decay if he neglected his business too much. So his inflexible rule was to break off at midnight and retire to his Chambers. That was how he had the nickname "Cinderella" applied to him —colloquially "Cinders." He always fled at the approach of midnight. Cinders was somewhat surprised to hear a rapping at his outer door. Sur- prised—not alarmed. Someone had come after him perhaps from the Club— something he had left behind possibly. Everyone knew he could be found in chambers in the small hours. It was a standing joke. So he got up from the work he was engaged on—the perusal of a brief—and opened his outer door. A man stood on the threshold. "Hullo, Hubert! What the Dickens brings you here at this ungodly hour? I thought you went in for beauty sleep and all that sort of thing! Come in old chap." The Hon. Hubert entered, and the outer door was closed. "What's the matter? You look as pale as if you had seen a ghost. Sit down." They sat—facing each other, with the table between them. Hubert unbut- toned his coat, and put his hand to his breast pocket. And his hand stayed there." "What the devil's the matter with you, Hubert? Why on earth are you staring so? What have you come here at this hour for?" "To kill you!" Under ordinary circumstances, Cinders would have looked on this as a joke. As it was, he half laughed, but there was a quiet determination about the voice uttering those three words, which stilled the laugh and made his face grow a shade paler. The two men sat facing each other silently for nearly a minute. Then Hubert said: "You guess what for—Nellie Esmond." Just a slight start, just a shade more pallor in the face, otherwise Cinders sat as quietly as before. But he thought he grasped the situation now. That fool Nellie had opened her mouth. He fore- saw trouble before the interview was over. He remembered that in a desk at the back of him he had a revolver, and a small box of cartridges. If he could get the weapon the sight of it might make his visitor more amenable to reason. Looking down the barrel of a revolver has had that effect on most men. He did not see the slightest need of its actual use, but it would give him more weight in the argument which he felt must ensue, and might be an important factor in turning the end of the discus- sion in his favour. So he rose to his feet to reach for it. "Sit down." And he promptly sat. The prompt= ness mainly induced by the sight of a pistol which Haddon had drawn from his breast pocket, the mouth of which he could plainly see, so level was the pointing of it. "If you move I press the trigger. That might do harm to others as well as to yourself. I mean that you may not be prepared to die." "You mean you will give me time to say my prayers! How very good of you." Cinders said this in a sneering tone. Even yet he had not realised the gravity of the situation. That there was to be trouble he foresaw, but shooting—mur- der in fact—was it likely that Hubert would run his neck into a noose? And over a woman, too? Ridiculous! But unfortunately Cinders was measur- ing his visitor by his own standard. He lost sight of the fact, that there comes to some men times in their lives, when life does not seem so very worth the living after all. CHAPTER III. ASHES TO ASHES. "You know I did not mean that," said Hubert quietly. "I mean that you might care to make some disposition of your property, for those you leave be- hind you." "You seriously mean that, in cold blood, you will be coward enough to shoot an unharmed man." "That is your way of putting it. I put it on a higher level. You have robbed my life of its greatest charm. You have ruined the woman I loved— who but for you would this very day haver been made my wife. I see no cow- ardice in punishing you, in shooting you down like the dog you are. It is but an act of justice." The true condition of things was dawing on Cinders at last. He recog- nised his opponent's determination. He had a wrong and the righting of it was the object of his visit. He did not for a moment suppose there was anything serious in the threat to kill. Hubert had loved this girl Nellie, and having discovered that Cinders had—well, be- haved badly to her—had come in the heat of his temper to insist on Cinders making an honest woman of her. He had seen such incidents on the stage. He recalled an almost identical situation in a novel he had been reading. And this empty-headed noodle had thought to come there to him—a clear-headed live-by-his-wits, brain-worker—to play off such a stale old wheeze. Faugh! It was not complimentary to him. Sneeringly he said: "What's your little game—Quixotic knight errantry? Righting the wronged? Squire of Dames business? Think to make me marry the girl and live happy ever after kind of thing?" "You marry Nellie Esmond? God forbid!" Not to make him marry her! That was not the object of the visit then. What could it be? For the first time Cinders felt a trace of fear. Had he a madman—an armed madman—sitting in front of him? "Well if that is not your purpose in knocking me up after midnight, perhaps you will be good enough to tell me waht your object really is." "To rid the world of a blackguard." "That sounds stagey, dear boy, apart from its insult, which we will speak of later on. I don't want to discuss black- guardism with you. Probably we should not agree on the subject, I don't hoist the high moral standard, nor do I sail beneath the skull and crossbones. I live my life—enjoy it according to my lights. A woman is a woman. They are much of a muchness. That it was my luck to fall across a little actress you had reserved for yourself—well, all's fair you know, in love and war." "Your clock wants five minutes to the hour. I give you that five minutes. You can fill it by making a will or writing a good-bye letter to any relative or friend." "What do you mean?" "That when the minute hand reaches the hour, I press the trigger of this pis- tol." "You mean it?" "I mean it." "You must be mad!" "Perhaps." "You seriously mean to shoot—to murder me—in cold blood?" "I mean it—so help me God!" Cinders realised the whole situation now. His body became damp with perspiration. But never for a second did he lose his presence of mind. "Are you aware what this means? That the shot will be heard; that you will be arrested, tried—condemned— hanged for murder?" "I think not. Probably there is not a human being within ear-shot. That, however, is my business. You should think of your own. A minute has passed. You have but four left to live." "Assume that the shot would not be heard—do you think you could escape? It is known I did not enter the Temple till midnight. Do you think the lodge- keeper who admitted you later will not recognise you?" "It would be difficult for him to do so. I came over the garden rails. I propose leaving the same way. Let me remind you that two and a half minutes have passed." "And you have absolutely determined to kill me?" "Absolutely." "Have you any objection to my drink- ing a brandy and soda?" "None. You have exactly two min- utes in which to drink it." "Thanks." At bottle of brandy and a syphon stood on the table. Cinders started to mix his drink. Whatever flaw existed in his moral character, he was not a coward. He poured out half a tumbler of the spirit, and reached out for the syphon which stood at the end of the table. Rising to do this. he said: "I cannot offer you a drink, I sup- pose?" Hubert returned no answer to the question. No sound broke the silence of the next few seconds but the ticking of the mantel clock, and the noise made as the soda water fizzed into the glass. And then the last words of that interview were spoken by Cinders. "Here's to our next meeting." The next instant he had dashed the contents of the glass into the face of the man sitting opposite, grasped with fin- gers of iron his opponent's wrist, pushed the table on him, and the candles in fall- ing having gone out, a life and death struggle, in which the two men and the table and chairs were involved, took place in the darkness. Not a word was spoken. Breaths came short and quick but Cinders had the advantage. He was fighting for his life and the knowledge of that fact gave him strength. Gradually he turned the wrist he held away from him. Then came the report of a pistol echoing and re-echoing through the building. Then—silence. And when presently the moon stole from behind a cloud and lighted up the room, it showed the figure of a dead man lying on the floor, shot through the heart, and another figure with a white face, crouching by the door, listening. And the Temple clock, first chiming tile quarters, struck the hour of one. CHAPTER IV. A WOMAN'S CONFESSION. The would-be avenger of a woman's wrongs was dead. Was lying on the floor there, in the moonlight, a corpse. It was some minutes before Cinders satis- fied himiself of this. Minutes he passed in listening almost breathlessly. Listen- ing for the footsteps he dreaded, of some- one aroused by the shot, walking into the Court to discover the cause of it. But the footsteps came not, and presently heaving a deep sigh of relief, the living man struck a match and lighting one of the candles. cast its light on the face of the dead man. No windows overlooked his own, so he was fearless of onlookers. He knelt be- side the body and placed his hand over the region of the heart. Not the faintest sign of beating. The blood the shirt front was sopping up, indicated where the bullet had entered the body, that it had pierced the heart—that it had been immediately fatal. Mechanically that livid-faced man set the furniture in order and lit the other candle. Then he went through the same action he had done before—he mixed a drink. This time he swallowed it. It acted as a tonic. It pulled him together. He sank into the armchair, and faced the body on the floor. And the body faced him, too, the great staring eyes of the dead man seemed fixed on him. But Cinders was not a coward. Moreover, he felt in no way to blame for what had occurred. It had been his life or Hubert's. The man had come to kill him, and in sheer self-defence he had taken this would-be murderer's life. But he was a lawyer. He was alive to the construction a judge and jury might put on the termination of the affair. He would have a difficulty in satisfying a court of the truthfulness, of the real story. It was not a plausible one—he knew that. He pictured himself as Counsel for the Crown in such a case— and felt nervous as to his own safety. He had been devilling for the Treasury Counsel lately, and looked at the matter from the prosecutor's standpoint. Juries, too, were apt to look at things with cold eyes. There were no witnesses. Two men were in a room, one lived and the other was shot dead. What would a court of justice think of the living man's story? He guessed And in that mo- ment he determined that the story should never be told. Hubert had entered the Temple un- perceived. By some means he must leave it so. How, became the question he must think out during the dark hours: how to dispose of the body. Within sight flowed the Thames. Could he but get the body to the Embankment, to drop it into the river would be the work of a moment, but the railings were between. That silent, swift-flowing water was im- possible. Many a murderous secret, het knew, lay hidden in its bosom. But he could not confide his to it. Preliminarily he must remove every- thing from the body likely to lead to its identification. So once more he knelt beside the dead man, and this time care- fully emptied his pockets. In the vest he found two letters. One was partly directed and stamped for the post, the other had been opened and was directed to the Hon. Hubert Haddon. Her recog- nised the hand of the writer in a moment —Nellie Edmond. He drew the letter from its envelope and read the contents. It explained Haddon's midnight visit. It read: God knows how you will read this letter. Hubert—the broken-hearted confession of my worthlessness. Surely no woman in this world ever sat down on the eve of the day fixed for her marriage to write such a letter as I am compelled to write you. I have for days past wondered whether I should do so, whether I should tell you at all, or whether I should sum- mon up courage and throw myself over one of the bridges and end it all that way. But I am a coward, Hubert—a coward at heart, and when two nights running I have leaned over the bridge and seen the lights reflected in the water hurrying along beneath, I have failed, miserably failed, in carrying out the object of my going there. The last time I sank in one of the seats, and knelt down and prayed Hubert, prayed to God to give me strength, to give me courage to mount the parapet, and take the one plunge which—But I could not. I shrank from it, shrank from death—wretched, miserable, guilty woman that I am. And as I must live, and life with you is impos- sible, I must needs tell you all. Hubert, I want you to believe me when I say that I honestly cared for you. They say that an actress has no heart. You would be told that I looked to your title and money only. As God is my judge, Hubert, it was not so in your case; I loved you for yourself alone, and I was happy in that love. And then the serpent came into my life, and you—uncon- sciously poor, poor old Hubert—you introduced him. Never was dove fascinated by serpent as was I by your friend. Call it hypnotism, mesmerism, what you will, I fell a victim. You remember the house- boat party at Henley, when you in- troduced me to your 'friend' Clifford Grey? From that time, Hubert, I have never known a happy moment. From that moment I was a traitress to you. What power the man has I do not know, cannot say. But it was great enough to ruin me. I was false to you. Dear Hubert, I do not ask, I do not expect for a moment that you will forgive me. I do not even wish it. I have only one wish now— to die and hide tmy shame in the grave. To go with you to church with this stain on me is impossible. I have kept up the farce till just on the eve of our marriage day, but I can do so no longer. Think evilly of me now, Hubert, you must do so, but as the years roll on, you may per- haps remember that I had sufficient goodness left in my nature to confess before it was too late—that I brought no shame into your life, that your family name was never dishonoured by an alliance with a fallen woman, that there was some little good in me after all. And one last, last wish, Hubert, do not, for God's sake, do not attempt to see me again—it would be too cruel. By the time this reaches you I shall have left London. I have joined 'The Lullu- lienty Girl' Company, and shall be away from London for months. I pray earnestly for two things—that I may never set eyes on you again, my shame is too great to bear it; that the hand of death may soon beckon me to rest. In all heartfelt sorrow and regret for the trouble and pain I shall have caused you, I am Your broken-hearted NELLIE. (To be continued.) 