CHAPTER XI. ; SUNSHINB AND RAIIC. January days passed into February, and the boat was due in which Mr G-oniaby and Mies. Goniaby had booked passages for Melbourne. How many hearts roach out with keen anticipations and bright hopes on coming to a new land-some to be more than realised ; others, and they form the major- ity, to be more than disappointed. Of all the passengers who on that bright February morning steamed up to the Sandridge Pier, there were few more moved by emotion than Marian Gonisby. But they were conflicting emotions which Bwayed her. Glad was she beyond words to find herself once again nearing the city where her heart's affootions lay - sad to remember that it was aa an orphan, absolutely alone in the world. | Ere she arose that happy morning, she guessed they had entered the hoads, per- ceiving that the ship no longer answered to the ocean swell ; and when she mime on deck before breakfast, there to the left shone Qaeeneolifl-always prepossessing, always picturesque ; and as one familiar view after another came into sight, her spirits rose and a soft color came into her cheeks, which had grown more thin and pale than were their wont. But of all sights pleasing to th» eye and to the heart, there was one she dwelt upon not yet come-the sight of tho one man in the world whose momory had boen ever present, and upon whose strength and fidelity she had leaned, as upon a rook whose foundation was sure. ' Miss Gonisby, you are coming down to breakfast for the last time-are yon not P' : It was Miss leslie who spoke, MS she came from amongst tho passengers, who were intent on spying upon the new land. «Really, I had hardly thought of it-I ' doubt if I can oat : but I will manag« a öup of coffee, I daresay.* 4 What a delightful bay-if it is ;a \bay!~-; it is more like an inland ocean j it is'so' large. "Why did you never tell me how magnificent it was?' . tu: . ;.^.... . « We seldom talk about Port Phillip : all tho admiration seems to go to its great rival . -Port Jaoknon. If we have not the hun- dred inlets whioh adorn Sydney's port, yet here we at lonst have soopu and ample room to sail our pleasure boats ; and around the bay there are many pleasure places-yonder tor instanoo, lies Mordiallic, where I have joined in very pleasant picnics. Some day, Miss Leslie, I hope wo shall have the pleasure of seeing some of these she w plaoes in company.' A wish whioh Marian's companion gladly shaded. Then they botook themselves onoe moro to the breakfast table, where, however, Marian Bat for only a few minutes. She was really too excited to more than mako a pre- tence of eating. Soon sha was on deok again, looking anxiously to tho landing point, wondering would be bo there. Yes, Georgo was there with ey es but for one individual in tho world, wondering could it indeod bo possible that the hoar had oomo whon ho should meet again the won an he loved, never (as ho hopod) to be parted moro. And how would «ho seem P What chango had tho yeats made P How should - ho moot her P Would sho forgive him tho warmth of tho ombraco that his arms were longing to perform P Would the severest of fathers bo at her sido to veto more than tho common, most formal hand-shako P Did over VOÖBOI tako so long to moor P Was over nailor slower P Waa over hawser moro awkwardly handled ? Was ovor any- body or any crowd loss in a hurry? . . Then, nt length, tho oooan-linor was along- side, aud ono amongst tho host of landsmen and londnwomen scanned tho lino of faces whioh leaned ovor tho taffrail, and thon forward to amidships ; but there was no sign of the face he sought. What if Marian were not aboard? How should he,bear the disappointment ? So soon as tho little bridge waa thrown across George was one of the first to get on deck. Looking to right and left of him, George walked to and fro amongst the passengers. He must ask somebody-yet whom ?-thoy were all either eagerly talking amongst themselves, or equally engaged in looking for people. When at length he did venture to ask, he found he had enquired of one who, like himself, had just come aboard, at which they both laughed. Then ho had the luok to run aorosa the purser, and was told that there was a Miss Gonisby aboard. . . Now, what a quickening of the pulse-what a ruah of the blood I Marian waa really there -on thia same ship as he stood upon. Surely she would be on deck, he thought ; but Marian had a fow momenta before ffone down to the Baloon. Perhaps there WÔB a great lutnp in her throat ; perhapa she wished to avoid tho bustle and orowd of the deck. Perobanoe. nomo inntinot told her it would be better to bo a little apart if her lover Hought her. She realised hoiv very much alone sho was. She had come very far to him ; she wonld withdraw a little now-it was jnpt womanly-and she sat down and felt the throbbing of her heart. 4 If he is here ho will soon find me. . Oh, how trying the moment. . He does not i come. - Perhaps ho was not advised of the steamer bemtr signalled. . Fifty things could keep him . I will go above. .. . No, I will sit still á minuto longer. I am positively the only soul in this big saloon. . How odd it looks-even ridicu- lous. . I am suire .it does. . I will go vabove 1* Marian was proceeding with this intent, when-whistling as be oaoae-George knew it was a feigned whistle, just as the big boy who is not afraid of ghosts knows he is i humbugging when he whistles for company in a lonely spot-there he came, tripping down the companion way « George 1' * Marie, deat Marie !' Her sorabarged heart was so full, his arms were about her waist and neok, and there was no one to como between. . The emotions are as the pump of the affections, and in great grioif or joy with women, tho * windows of tho soul' let forth the fountain ol the heart. « Marian, my love, look up I' said George, but she nestled the closer to him, and sobbed convulsively on hi» shoulder. Not till sha oould look at him steadily did she raise her tear-stained faoe to his, and he kissed it again and again until he declared he tasted the saltness of the tears 1 ' You are fresh from the sea-a regular salt! But come, darling, is there any trouble P* 4 Forgive me, George, these were not tears of trouble but of joy. I know it is very foolish, but I really oould not help it. . Yet I have had trouble-great trouble and grief, George.* * Tell me all abont it, dearest.' He led her to a iieat, looked steadily into her eyes, and read there traeos of what Marian had experionood upon the voyage. 4 Yon do not a&k; for my father, George V 4 That is bad manners I admit, love ; but you will believe me when I say I had no thought for a soul on earth but you, Marie ; and I'm really thankful to the governor for this respite. How is he ?* ; 'You will never see him more, George. He is dead/ ' * four father is dead ? Good.heavens, you surprise me I' : , . f> Then she. told him the stbry^of'Mr Gonieby's illness and death and burial in the Bed Sea. V And George took Marian again in his arms, and kissed and oaressed her ; and he Was too disingenuous to be other than devoutly thankful that a great peaoe and rest and surety hud fallen upon them. for Heaven itself seemed to' have removed the hand that so lom? had withheld the woman 'hie longed to call his own. They were speeding in the train to their old homo. What if there were curious eyes ? What if George was seen by com- panions who knew him, but whom he never saw ? There are times when we walk upon air, when oar spirits soar as in the lofty flight of the eagle, and the little commonplace things of time and sonso pass unperceived. By the time they reached Prahran George had lived, as it were, through an epitome of his loved one's life from tho time they left London to the arrival that morning. It seemed to him there was little to tell of himself. The Whiddon affairs, momentous as they had boen sinoe the departure of tho Gonisbys, appeared to him unworthy of mention alongside the smallest details affecting any part of Marian's life sinoe he had said g«od-bye. So he told Marian when sho repented tho request 4 Now tell me about yourselves, George ?' They were at tho WhiddenB home. * Dear old plaoo ! And there is Lilian !' exoluimud Marian, as Miss Whiddon came eagerly ont to meet them. ' Weloome, a thousand welcomes home, Marian.' 4 Thank you, darling Lil, you are right thib indeed is home, or but three doors off/ and thoy kissed and kissed and embraood upon tho pathway with unaffected heart- iness. 'Do not mako oven that reservation;' replied George, having referenoe to. the 4throo doors' away from 4Fairleigh.' 4 I guoss you will bo quito at homo,'and he led her into the honso to present her in triumph to Lady VPhiddon, whoso woloome to Marian was no less cordial. . * Having to hurry to his duties in the olty, George reluctantly tore himself away, leav i rig- Marian with fais mother and two sisters, whose condolences with, Marian's bereave ment were mingled with felicitations that sha was onco again safely with them During the day, too, came Auat Zinny, by whoso more-efEasivo démonstration mt ''' delight, sympathy and concern Marian WAS '' well-nigh overwhelmed. ', " 4 Bure, ohild, you aro jost tho sama» r though sobered,' she kept on saying; 4 b«i little wonder, for you have como thrungli'' trial and tribulation. Thank the Lord that' ' you arc safely back v?ith us, and we shall never lot you go again ; and your poor papa-ti' think that we shall never peo him again f But he was a good and upright and kind ": man, and you are his only ohild.' - This latter was said with a perooptibla '* accent of consolation, after the prudence ot ' : tho worldly-wise, whioh Marian understood,' ^ m she also understood that good Auntv Zinny derived honest pleasure from toa'," thought thfit at last, when all was said aad don«, her foster lamb waa well provided for.1 Marion did not undeoeive her, nor say aught of the ornol wrong that had boon doa» her in the matter of the will. 'Twas not till George returned, and thea/ late in tho evening when they bad spent/; many hours together, and Marian had ' retailed roany chapters of absorbing interest to her lover, that she oamo to that part ' affecting her worldly prospoota. . And now, George, I have something to" ' toll you whioh you have a right to know. It will shook you very much, I am afraid.* ' 4 We have grown rather used to shooks financial shookB in particular-in these parts siDoe you left, dear.' He said this with a sort of intuition of what was coming. 4 You have guessed something surely, George, but you have hcrdly guessed the truth. My father bot'ore we loft England ; mada a will which entirely disinherited me !' 4 That was unfair, cruel to you ; but, darling,* and he held her olosely to him, 4 don't you give two thoughts to it, so far as ,"' I am concerned. You are here, and you are ',' to be mine-my own, love-and I am more than satisfied. It is better that you should,. not be rioh while I am poor. I should feel it badly, I assure you. Now we are on. equal terms. We are young, and the world .' ia farly before us. I can keep you comfort- ably,! trust, though not in affluence. . . You really will be mine, darling P' 4 Need you ask ?' ' It seems too good to bo true. I, anv positively beside myself with the joy of it !* ;. 4 George, there is one thing more I have to'"' tell,' and Marian then recounted the making' . of a new will at tho last moment, whioh but f needed the signature to complete the total rectification ot the wrong that had boen done. 4 That was 4 touch and fto' for a fortune\ and no mistake,' exclaimed tha happy lover. 4 Bat tell me, Marian, that ynu ?1o not mind ; -that you will not let this trouble you when all else is now plain sailing in front of us ?' i." 41 really have not troubled about it£ George. I can, I think, honestly say I am1 not mercenary, yet it does seem rasher hard, and I am sorry for your sake !' 4 Then yon zaust not be-I will not allow . it !' 4 The oap tain and the dootor were'very,' very kind. They quite interested themselves in me when they understood how matter'*'' stood,' and the oáptain told roe when at, Colombo-I am sure I did not wish! him io; do vt-that he had written an account of the' 'whole aili ir to unole Gonisby. whom he'; thinks -bat I do not count on anything/' Ic is the better way-is it not, dear P' -, 4 Quite the better way, darling.' !. ' 4 Your unole stands os the heir, and will' inherit your father's wealth. But we shall', .nevec trouble bim, take my word for it. .1; am far rioher than he in having you, darling.* lt was lover's talk, and they were not inter- rupted. If the lost thousands was the prioe, of their freedom thus to love and wed, they, counted they had the best of the bargain ^they, grudged not tho loss of the gold in tb^ej plenitude of their love. 'o 41 am mor« glad than I can say that you take it so, George. It is the final proof-; if proof were wanting-of three years of devotion-what the oommeroial, money worshipping world would call the final an^ olinohing test.' , . Tfist! You talk wide of tbe mark, my love. You forget yourself! You do not know yourself !-as though any fellow, any; man in Australia, would want any sort of bribe along with such a pearl-for are you not beyond all prioe P' '. 4 Will you always think so, George P* 4 It will be my fault if I do not, . ... Marie, do you know that thore is a wonder- ful, bier, beautiful diffdrenoo in you !* 4 A. difference P' . 4 Yes, you are changed-not in appeaianoe, aoaroely any at all-bat in manner. You remember-do you ?-that never for twb' minutes would you let me hold you in my arms ; though 1 felt you loved me, yet you wore always BO-so beared-so unyielding-* 4 Well, if you let me go a little-I shall not run away-there 1-1 may explain this subtle chango that you aro pleased to notioe. . . I am ohaugeci. Bo sure, George, you I do not soe more than 1 feel it. In those far off days I was fighting many invalid battled -fighting self, fighting prejudioo, warring with traditions ; and heaviest of all to bear; np against was my poor fathor's bitterness but you know about that, George P' (To be continued.) The statement is made that oleoholio candy ls largoly sold m Manohestor and other. Bug» lißh towns.* . It is said to bo imported from Gormany, and an analyst doolars that it con- tains proportionately bs umoh alcohol a ai does beer. Srinttd in Jtim South W«W 