New Mexico. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT) AGAIN! Eureka! Hooroo! Sound the loud timbrel; bang the Manilla big drum; charge your glasses; and let off a feu de joie of fireworks such as never yet heard within the confines of the city — for is our joy not great? Have we not just passed through another delightful week of solid, earnest rain? And are we not grandly fixed up for the winter? Man, but it's grand reading, this, isn't it? It's enough to make a fellow hug his mother- in-law with joy. Now our Mexican lads can set into work right merrily, and send in supplies to Wilshire and Langworthy in quantities that will glut their Saturday afternoon markets in such a way as to re- duce prices far below the scale of those of John Chinaman. This will be good news for my readers, many of whom would be all the better for a solid vegetable diet. THE STRANGER — There aro no further tidings of the strange animal which I re- ferred to in my last, and there seems to be a good deal of mystery attaching to the creature altogether. Have you missed anybody from the city lately ? It is very distressing to be kept in this suspense night after night. Some New Mexicans declare the night-prowler to be the ghost of the man Joe Hardy dug up. An im- pression is gaining on me that it is the restless spirit of the Manilla correspondent of a Northern paper, hunting round here for some private news concerning our people. Have you kicked him from the city? SOCIAL.— We notice the city is going in for fortnightly socials. Very good; we shall do likewise. We have several very nice young ladies here, and- Jim plays a remarltebly fine flute, while Harry, who is a bit of tin artist when jew's-harps are about, will be able to came in very nicely when Jim gets tired— which will be some thing new if be does. By-the-way, we are likewise thinking of getting up a select fancy-dress ball; Joe is going as the Grave Digger, and little Same will take the character of Micky Free. If you can prevail on Nuggy to come out we can fix him up nicely in tho role of Chief Clown. SALVAGE.— Have you heard of any ship- wrecks on the coast between here and thE city? Someone has found the remains of an old case buried in the mud and two or three bottles containing something very like oil. We fear the great gale and the rise in the Namoi may have occasioned serious casualties, although the late find seems to have been buried too long for that. Can Mr. Custodian Smith explain the mystery ? — [In all probability this is a relic of the '64 flood, when: Mr. Veness' store was washed away.— Ed] THAT MAIL.— Some of our leading spirits intend to form a deputation, with your postmaster at the head, and take a fall out of "our member", for not giving us that mail from the city to Borah Station. How would you like, friend editor, to have to ride 10 miles this weather to meet the coach for your cor- respondence ? There is a large popula- tion scattered about here now, and the least the Government can do is to give us a proper mail service. Don't you think the City Progress Fathers should lend us the light of their countenance in this all important matter ? Let them not think we are always going to lead this peaceful idyllic life, chasing the festive bandicoot. Keepit is out on the war-path with its Progress Committee; and we mean to 'keep it" going likewise. Our embryo Committee will send in a wrangling challenge to the City Fathers when all's ready. April 13. No. 11. 