BY ROYAL BLEND. WESTBUOOK head station, Darling Downs, comprising 9000 acres, has been dis posed of at £4 an acre to a New Zealand buyer. THE fame of Ranjitsinhji as a oricketer has inspired other Orientals to try the ! game. Mahommed Ali, an Arab, played in a college match at Oxford lately. IN connection with the recent annual' show at Charters Towers, the admission money I totalled £370. At the sales of fat cattle exhibi ted at the show the bullocks brought £6 and the cows £5 5s. ACCORDING to information received in Sydney three steamers, specially designed Sot the carriage of lire stock from Australia to South Africa, are now being constructed in British yards. AT Condobolin, N. S. Wales, several carriers have lost their horses after feeding tliein on imported chaff. Halls of chopped twine have been found in the stomachs of the horses thus fed on the imported chaff. Pou the week ending June 10th the sum received by the N.S.W. Treasury as stamp duty on probates and administrations was £33,244 lis., but of that sum £31,576 15s. was paid on the New South Wales estate of the late Hon. James Tyson. THE resumption of country is not altogether a hardship on lessees of runs, for in the old days it often happened that a great deal of the run was never availed of. It is stated that Manfred Downs still carries the same number of sheep as before the resump tion, they being now depastured solely on the leased portion. THET had some splendid rains early in the present month over the south-weBtcrn portions of the colony. Mount Margaret had 1.36in.; ICyabra and Eroungella, 0.90in.; Ardocli, 1.40in.; Toompine, 2.00in.; liulloo Downs, 2.08in.; Kocatunga, 1.50in.; Koorara, 1.60iD. The fall was steady and soaking, and must do an immense amount of good. A \UEF. from Windorali dated the 10th inst. says that the police court sat for two days up to 10 o'clock at night. Five men were convicted of damaging the rabbit fence, two on the 15t.li May, and the other three on the 17th May, and were lined in a total sum of £85. Two men for stealing^ blankets were fined £10, and a line of £4 was imposed iu an impound ing case. IT is said that one-man-one-vote in A'eir South Wales was not such a blessing for the Labor party as it was craclced up to be. Vnder plural voting in the neighboring colony 33 Labor members were returned, but when the much-desired one-tnan-one-vote was adopted the new Parliament had no more than 21 Labor members ; in fact, the adoption of the idea upon which so many people have set their minds cost the party in N.S.W. twelve seats. WITH reference to a son of the famous Charles Dickens living in Australia, it is said that he was member for Wilcannia in the New South Wales Assembly till beaten by Richard Slcath, the Broken Hill labor leader, but during the whole of his membership he .only made one remark that lived. Willis, the member for Uourke, was speaking, and was challenging a fight on a certain sub]ect, finally winding up with the remark, " liarkis is, ?willin'." Dickens immediately retorted, " No, Willis is barkin'." Too many sparrows is now the pet complaint in the Maitland district of Xew South Wales. The birds have become so plentiful and caused such destruction to the crops in gardens, farms, and orchards of late, that those who suffer from their depredations feel it necessary to combat the enemy. A meeting of those interested has been "held, when several who have suffered told tales of woe, and those present formed a committee liaving for its object the destruction of the pest, which number millions. THOSE wives whose husbands have a liabit of beating them have now a champion in Mr. Justicc Simpson. In the Sydney Divorce Court a few days ago, his Honor, in alluding to the gross cases of ill-usage of women which came before him, said the penalties imposed on wife-beaters by the local lower Courts were in most cases nonsensical. For instance, a few days ago a man was let off with a fine of £3 for biting a piece out of a woman's cheek. That, liis Honor said, was disgraceful, and the offender ought to have got two years. IN one part of New Zealand it would appear to be advisable that the head teacher should possess not only the ability to teach but also the ability to hold his own in a " rough and tumble" with angry parents of scholars. A New Zealand contemporary reports:-A i parent went to the Fielding School the other ilay and made a complaint about the master beating his little girl. The interview which took place became a deadly struggle between ' parent and teacher, and eventually a constable parted them. A TELEGKAII from Melbourne says that Sir Hartley Williams has sent in his report on the charges made br Mr. F. Madden against Mr. David Syme of dummying. Ho liolds on his construction of the 42nd section of the Land Act of 1865, that it was illegal to grant three allotments to one applicant, but thati these illegalities, in his opinion, were Tfin atS5. by section 2 of the Land Act of ??' » transaction, while not legal, was quite bona Jide. All the other charges were unsustained. THE Boah Park property, Darling i Downs, recently subdivide! by the owners, has J * Sinn "^'18 property contained about' acres. This was cut up into 19 farmg, and there are now 19 families actually settled . or about to settle, on the soil. Soon the belt of | scnib, which has always been a harbor for .wallabies and other vermin, will be felled, and i the next season wheat will probably take its place. The soil is of excellent quality, but it needed close settlement in order to reclaim itI from scrub and prickly pear, which has hitherto I reigned supreme. I THE ironbark forests of New South Wales liave been GO much depleted tliat the Railway Commissioners find it necessary to utilise other woods than ironbarkfor railway sleepers. Mr. Carrutliers proposes during the coming session to ask Paffiament to deal with the question of the forests by legislation. LAND selection is still going ou, re marks a writer, though not eijual to what takes place when a nice lot of grazing farm country is thrown open. At such times there is a rush which results in a million or two acres being taken up in a week. Operations in this direc tion these times are very small potatoes. To wards the end of May, for instance, 37,676 acres were selected in grazing farms, and 7560 acres in agricultural farms. In due time blocks will be available that will fetch the Southerners with a rush, and then we will see the record of even a million and a-half acres a week broken. A SINGULAR discovery of relatives has been reported, arising out of a box of Tasmanian apples, .which were unpacked in England. One of the apples was found wrapped in paper, on which was written: " This apple was packed by Miss Kato Piety, granddaughter of the late Thomas Piety, of Kent, England. If any of you know their address please send it to me at Derwcnt-house Falls, New Norfolk, Tasmania. I am very dark and good-looking, and would be pleased to see any of vou who come my way." Two days afterwards it was announced that the relatives Bought for in so strange a manner liad been found in Maidstone. SIR Horace Tozer Las scored one (says the Towers Register), lie wanted a man who could speak the truth if he was paid for it, and after a careful search all round the city he selected Ren Tillett. Itenjamin is now subsidised to tell the Iiritish people what a Paradise Queensland is, and Johnny Dunsford makes a decent living by informing everybody that Donegal is a happier place than the Dar ling Downs, and Tipperary a more cheery place of residence than Toowooinba. Tom Mann a publican, and lien Tillett a paid immi gration lecturer for this tyrant-ridden country! Chaos will be complete when our junior mem ber buys a station or hires a kanaka. AN old man who was brought up in the Ipswich police court upon a charge of hav ing indecently assaulted a young girl in a rail way carriage, made a curious statement to the charge. He said " I liave been 68 ^ears and four months in the colonics, and this is the first time 1 have been brought up. I think that it is very hard that I should now be brought up on - a charge of that kind at 70 years of age. I had no thought of doing anything of the kind. I never was in a lockup before, nor was a charge ever previously laid against me but once, and that was for striking a man who in sulted me. I was going out to Charleville, as I wanted to see the place before I was taken from this world." No fewer than 400 horses left Mel bourne in the steamer Euryalus for Calcutta the other day, and the shipment was perhaps the most valuable that ever went from Aus tralia in the same direction. Merloolas and Strathroy were among the number, as also were Tubal Cain, llefund, Tormentor, Malto, the Gozo-Lady D. colt, Dunwell, Fifeshire, Dowry, Baron II., Marvel, Marksman, the crack pony Blondin, and the hunters Jimmy, Durrisdepr, and Telegram. Of course the object of this equine expedition is to make an onslaught on the Indian Nabobs' rupees, and rather than any attempt being made to pre vent a landing tlie little army will be welcomed with open arms-I mean stables. AMONG recent police promotions was that of Acting-Sergeant P. Carroll, of Esk, to sergeant, in which capacity he is to act at Blackall. An exchange says that Sergeant Carroll has been stationed in Esk for a good many years, and, by his unvarying courtesy and willingness to oblige, he has deservedly won the respect and goodwill of the residents of the township and the surrounding district. This is a good testimonial for Blackall folk, but while not desiring to insinuate in any way that what is said of the gallant sarjint is not correct, it should be remembered that similar eulogistic remarks are made of every old resident, official or otherwise, who departs for fresh lands and paddocks new. DICKSON and the Labor party are both haunted by the same old ghost, declares " Juvenis," that the country will go to the dogB unless there is a lot of Bills passed on every conceivable subject under the sun. If Parliament were dissolved for five years, Queensland would bo no worse off. A rage to alter everything is all that is wanted to gain a man the holy and profitable name of reformer. Everything is bad, and must be altered, and when the seer has amended everything and gathered all the available shekels, he clears off, or !B kicked out, and his successor wades in to reform hipi. If the general intelligence were as low as that of our reformers, in' two generations we would be developing a caudle appendage and climbing trees., THE Federation question frns not quite supplanted all other public matters, for one-man-one-vote is not lost eight of. Mr. Kidston, of Rockhampton, wants a Referendum takon on this question at the same time as the electors are to express an opinion on the Commonwealth Bill, and gave notice of motion in the House to this effect. ^ Now that it is likely the referendum will be delayed till September (says a Northern exchange), Kidston, Glassey, Dawson and Company will have an opportunity to run in those 50,000 franchiseless bushwackers, who have long groaned under a voteless handicap fand the Government is assisting them by pro claiming special registration courts, to sit on the 4th July], If there are not 140,000 voters on the roll in August, somebody must have lied .. demnebly." Kidston will have to drop Separation, Curtis everything, and the rest of the Labor party all they can conveniently spare, if they want to prove their statements. No time is to be wasted; two monthis to raise 50,000 recruits is the biggest contract Dawson and Company have ever tackled. AT the Governor's Home Ball, it is reported that Lady Lamington wore black satin ducliess, cut on the bias, the skirt plain, and the bodice ornamented with chiffon, &c.; On the day of the ball a woman and child were brought before the magistrates, when the woman said she often "slept out." She re ceived three monthB and the child was sent tD the reformatory. A certain Brisbane print con trasts these two incidents and tries its level best to become indignant and fearfully shocked. But how can it be helped ? Those who have plenty of money will always dress well, while those unfortunates who haven't will will havo to get along the best way they can. It's the way of the world, regrettable as it seems. A SorTHEnx paper says " The remarkable outbursts of enthusiasm at almost every Federal meeting held in Sydney and country districts is causing great jubilation amongst the Hillites, and the feeling of the metropolis and suburbs in favor of the Bill is said to be growing daily. A well-known Sydney business man, who has just completed a journey of 340 miles by rail and G46 miles by road, says he found from Goulburn to Cooma, and from Delegate to Milton, every business man and newspaper editor in favor of the Enabling Bill. In every conceivable way he sought to ascertain the feeling, and found, so far as the country was concerned, there need be no fear of the result of the Referen dum." We shall soon learn now how much of the foregoing is surmise and how much fact. DURING a case in the Supreme Court at Brisbane, in which a gentleman connected with the Gladstone Meat Company was under examination, some light was thrown upon the way in which meat was sold in the London market. The witness said he was told that when meat had not been passed by one in spector it had been placed in a different cart, sent to another inspector, and then passed; that at night, when the old women came round for their meat, the light is turned low and the blinds pulled down, and any amount of " gee-up" is sold to them as Queensland meat, Mr. Lilley : What is " pee-up ?" Witness : Horseflesh: The Attorney-General: That would not make out that horseflesh is really as good as Queensland beef. The witness assented to that, but remarked that such vendors were not likely to sell anything as damaged meat. IN the Legislative Assembly Mr. Plunkett asked " Is it the intention of the Government to reserve areas of land in the vicinity of cities and towns of the colony for the purpose ofefinding work for the unemployed in the event figjjuecnsland federating with the other colonies under tho Commonwealth Bill ?" Mr. Dickson returned an emphatic " No," and went on to say that the Government bplicved that work for the unemployed would be con siderably increased by the acceptance of the Commonwealth Bill. The answer was received with approval by the House.-How would there be more work for the unemployed when Queensland became a mere state instead of an independent colony going on its own ? Per haps more employment in looking for work is what is really meant. CLOSER settlement on the Darling Downs is still proceeding rapidly. During the f>ast 12 or 18 months 6ome thousands of acres lave been subdivided about Oakey, and sold in the shape oF farms of varying si/.e. In fact, the settlement that lias taken place in that time has unconsciously produced quite an agrarian movement. Westbrook station, the property of the Jennings family, has been partly subdivided, and quite a population, com posed chiefly of farmers, lias been settled on the soil. Westbrook embraced 6onie of the finest land on the Downs, and as it was form erly only a shepp and cattle run, the political importance of the change is obvious. Most of the new landholders are growing wheat, or other cereals, and from this district alone the increase in the yield of breadstuffs will in the course of a year or so be enormous. For every acre formerly under cultivation, there will soon be a hundred. SAYS the Brisbane correspondent of the Ipswich TimesSince the publication of the correspondence anent the Japanese in vasions, only three Japanese have entered the colonv, all of whom are evidently bom fdc en gaged in commercial pursuits. It is considered by our officials that the " incident is closed" that is, that the cause of complaint has been attended to and will not be allowed to occur again. A lot of stuff about the " spirit of the treaty" and tho right of Jap. laborers and artisans to enter the 'colony if they were " wanted" there, appeared in the Press, de rived from I know not what source, but evi dently not the Japanese Government, which recognises our undoubted right under the pro tocol to the treaty to make prohibitive the entry of said laborers and artisans if we like. As Sir Hugh Nelson puts it, the treaty was only accepted because of the protocol-on no other condition would Queensland have come into it. WHILE the terrible drought in New South Wales lias led to great losses in stock, the sum received for the Australian wool clip during 1898-9 was the largest of any since the record year of 1892-3. In regard to its wool clip, therefore, Australasia lias largo compen sation for its diminished output. An interest ing table lias been published, giving the London selling value, which shows this very plainly Year. Bales. Pot Bale. Total. X890-1 ... 1,628,000 ... £14 0 ... £22,792,000 1891-2 ... 1,794,000 ... 12 10 ... 22,425,000 1892-3 ... 1,808,000 ... 13 0 ... 23,604,000 1893-4 ... 1,904,000 ... 12 0 ... 22,848,000 1894-6 ... 1,979,000 ... 11 10 ... 22,758,000 1895-6 ... 1,854,000 ... 12 10 ... 23,175,000 1898-7 ... 1,845,000 ... 12 0 ... 22,140,000 1897-8 ... 1,711,000 ... 12 15 ... 21,185,000 1898-9 ... 1,670,000 ... 13 15 ... 22,962,000 If these estimates are correct the reduction in the quantity of wool in the last four years has been more than made good by tbe rise in prices. The further reduction in the quantity this year promises to have a like result. Aus tralia probably exercises as great an influence on the wool market as can be said of any other country in regard to any important product. THE surveying of country for graz ing farms is still proceeding up nortli- west. Instructions were recently given by tlio Lands Department to survey all the resumed portion of Ilunda liunda station in grazing farms. Artesian water is obtainable at about 1000ft, and it is expected there will be keen competi tion for these farms. " JUVEXIS" is never stuck for a subject to exercise his talents upon in his usual slashing style, and tho results of the various June electoral registration courts in spired him to pen the following The death less army of 50,000 disfranchised citizens are being quietly prodded in the ribs and asked to register. I'p to the present the Electoral Ht'gistrars have not been rushed, and nothing more than the usual spring crop of electors is coming forward. The 50,000 have scarcely made a sign ; two have been fined for being drunk and disorderly, another for cursing those in authority, and one for making ribald remarks about the secretary of his union. None have applied for registration and rone are likely to. The party must have martyrs, and a martyr is an ass when he tries to re move his grievance. [As will be seen by ad vertisement the 50,000 disfranchised electors have still a chance to have a say in the refer endum voting, tho Government having ap pointed special registration courts solely for their benefit. This action on the part of the authorities is very commendable, and shows a sincere desire for every qualified resident to express an opinion on the great subject. ] WRITING on tlie position of the wool trade a London correspondent of a Southern paper says:-" The general impression of the advance in prices appears to be that, although the recent rise may be perhaps to some extent artificial, and may recede slightly from the height to which it will undoubtedly attain at the next London public auctions, we shall assuredly have to contend with big prices throughout the year, and possibly over the next colonial season. The decreaso in tbe produc tion of merino wools'by Australia alone during the last four years is estimated at 1,000,000 bales. The United States production during the same period has fallen off about 500,000 bales, while, on the other hand, the Hi ver Plate production has increased about 300,000 bales, so that there remains a deficiency of some 1,200,000 bales. Unless the production of Aus tralian merino wool shows a material increase during the current year-and reports from the colonies give little hope indeed of such a thing -considering the wave of industrial prosperity which is involving the coal, metal, and machinery trade, ana consequently distributing amongst the workpeople wages which enable them to gratify their fancy for the fine textile goods, we see every prospect of a continuance of high prices."' WRITING about a start being made by the contractors for the erection of Brisbane's palatial railway station, the correspondent of the Ipswich Times breaks out into the following complimentary strain with regard to Sir Thomas McllwraithI cannot allude to this illustration of the whirligig of time, with its revenge in favor of Sir Thomas Mcllwraith, without also mentioning tbe way in which that genius is " coming" again. Not to Queensland -that seems a vain nope-but in Queensland. Not perhaps in the hearts of tbe people, but in the understandings of the select. "Sir Thomas Mcllwraith, whatever his faults and peculiarities, was the greatest man we ever had" is quite a common observation in the mouths of excellent judges. The verification of his notion aB to this Central railway station is a small thing after New Guinea, but it serves to show the foresight of the man. 1 believe myself that, if Sir Thomas could get on to his legs again and present hftnself at a general election, he would be elected for any constitu ency he threw his handkerchief at. Part of this return of popularity is due to the "absence which makes the heart grow fonder"-I am quite aware of that-but part is BO less due to an awakened appreciation of the rare qualities of the man. A NONSTICK pig is being honored with special mention in all the .papers. The animal is of the Berkshire breed, and was reared in the Glen Innes district. Leviathan. John is the name bestowed on the porcine curiosity, whose dimensions are:-Length, 7ft. 5in.; girth, 7ft. lin.; estimated weight, lOOOlbs. it is intended to exhibit the animal at Armidale, Tarn worth and other places en route to Sydney, a special truck being built for its accommodation. IN New South Wales the Federalists now regard the cause of Federation as won, but they intend to cease none of their efforts to make the victory decisive. There are 160 tranches of the Federation league at work throughout the colony, and all report encourag ingly as to the probable result of the Referen dum. The above is only a forecast, however, or a tip; but no one can tell till the numbers are up. There are quite as many working against as for the liill, who are (juite as san guine of victory. 