The Love of the Holy Spirit. A Paper read by the Rev. H. Wiles at the Ministers' Monthly Meeting, Centenary Hall, Monday, August 7th. The love of God is an inexhaustible theme on which Christians delight to dwell. But when that love is set forth it is almost entirely confined to the love of our heavenly Father and of His only begotten Son. We seldom hear of the love of the holy Spirit. Now, seeing that Scripture teaches us that the three Persons in the Godhead are equally interested in the work of human salva tion, and that our age is in a peculiar sense the dispensation of the Spirit, it does seem remarkable that so little attention is given to the love of the Paraclete whose special work it is to empty forth the love of heaven in our hearts. God is love. The Father is love, the Son is love, the Holy Ghost is love. That distinction in the Godhead which we name personality does not violate this unity of love, which, in its highest and most glorious manifestation is redeeming love. It emanated from the bosom of the Father, who sent His only begotten Son into the world to execute His purpose, for Divine love could become redeeming love only by a sacri fice which magnified the law and glori fied the character of God. The Son of God displayed His love by coming forth from the bosom of the Father to carry out his saving purpose through his incarnation, humiliation, death and resurrection. The love of the Holv Spirit is seen in His infinite condescen- 1 sion in willingly coming forth from the J Father and the Son, giving Himself and a His powerful agency perpetually to the 9 world, to carry out and render effectual 9 the work of Christ. ' As Christ fulfilled 9 the will and work of the Father upon I earth, so does the Holy Spirit adminis- 9 ter the work and will of Christ in 9 human souls.' We have no separable 9 Gospel of the Spirit. The Spirit of 9 God is the Spirit of Christ, ? and where 9 He dwells Christ dwells. But we' have 9 a Gospel of the Spirit, for He has His 9 own characteristic wprk, and in that 9 work His love is displayed to us. Jffl ' The distinctions in the Godhead for 9 which the names, Father, Son and Holy 9 Spirit stand, present a threefold mode 9 of divine self manifestation, which, 9 without sacrificing the divine unity, 9 meets to the full the intellectual and a spiritual needs of man.' — (J. M. Camp- m bell's ' After Pentecost ') jl It is to the loving ministry ' of the ^ Spirit that we are indebted for the Holy 9 Scriptures. The blessed Book is His » gift to man. Holy men of old spake as jj they were moved, borne up, or carried | beyond themselves by the Holy Ghost. j They were lifted up into communion j with Him so that they wera enabled to j interpret the divine will. Our Lord told I His apostles, He, the Holy Spirit, 'will j brinf to vour romfimhrfinnfl all filmf, T i , o j ? ? ? ? m said unto you,' and ' He shall take of Mine and shall declare it unto you.' The fulfilment of this promise gave us the four gospels. 'He will teach you all things ; ' ' He will guide you into all truth.' That teaching and guidance gave us the epistles of the New Testa ment. ' He will shew you things to come ' is the promise which, fulfilled, gave us the Apocalypse which came to John when He was in the Spirit on the Lord's Day. T.he apostles and evan gelists spoke and wrote not in the words which man's wisdom teacheth but which the Holy Ghost teacheth. That Spirit who is exhibited on the first page of holy writ as brooding over chaos to make the world man's fit abode, . is seen on the last page inviting sinners to the fountain of life to fit them for a brighter and better world. That Spirit that searcheth all things even the deep things of God, and who knoweth what is in man, has accommodated His book to our weakness and wants, so that it . fits into every fold of the heart and guides man in every experience through which he can possibly pass. It testifies of Christ and shows to us the way of salvation. Next to His own gift of Himself is His gift of the Book of Life, which is an abiding proof of the love of Him who inspired it. The love of the Spirit to sinners is also seen in His preparation of the human nature of Jesus, and His dwelling in it, by which He was one with the Son, working in Him for the same end. the salvation of men. ' The Holy Ghost shall come upon thee and the power of the Highest shall overshadow thee,' said the angel to Mary. By means of the Holy Spirit the humanity of Jesus was created, and by His overshadowing it was consecrated. The Spirit of wisdom was a mark of special grace in His childhood. By the Spirit was He anointtd without measure at His baptism, by the Spirit of God He wrought miracles and through the eternal spirit He offered Himself without spot to God. Every time we partake of the symbols of His holy suffering for humanity we may think of the love of the Spirit who strengthened and sustained Him for His sacrificial work. That love which brought Jesus down to earth also brought the Spirit to fill His place. The tender love of Jesus was never more conspicuous than when He was comforting His disciples on the eve of His departure. They would not be left orphans. It was expedient for hem that He should leave because the omforter would love them with a love like His own. He had been their loving Paraclete, the Holy Spirit would be an equally loving Paraclete, and would cherish and lead them even as Himself. He would be in them and would abide with them for ever. He also would convict the world of sin. In thus choosing for His ministry the inner depths of the deformed human spirit, we are reminded of the love of Jesus in assuming our nature. Surely it may be said of the Spirit that He descended into hell when he undertook the loathsome work of searching the desperately wicked heart of man to convict of sin and unbelief. In this work He restrains the wickedness of man which would otherwise overflow, and He speaks through conscience which has been fitly termed God's vice-gerent in the soul. In His pity and compassion He employs overy means to alarm the conscience, to show the evil and awful danger of sin. He warns and invites, He threatens and persuades. If the heart resists His endeavours, He waits, He wrestles as did the angel with Jacob, He argues and implores. He became to us a Spirit of bondage that He might become the Spirit of adoption, and thefirst sigh of repentance and the first venture of faith is proof of the patient love of the Spirit which though grieved and wounded would not leave us to perish. His love is also seen in His woik as Teacher. The natural man perceiveth | not the things of the Spirit of God, and 8 no man can call Jesus Lord but by the Holy Spirit. _ It is necessary, therefore, that the Holy Spirit should apply the word he has given us to our hearts. When He visits the heart then truth begins to shine, and we who sometimes were darkness are now light in the Lord. But we are dull scholars — con- ceited, prejudiced, partially blind, having much to unlearn as well as learn. How much, therefore, must the patience of the Teacher be tried, and how great must be the love that prompts Him to endure with long-suffering our dulness and obstinacy, that He may lead us into all truth. As the Spirit of life and holiness He condescends in love to make man's body His temple and so, to sanctify the soul. It is through the Spirit that we mortify the deeds of the body, and it is by Him that we are transformed into the like ness of Jesus. It is a holy, a prolonged, - a blessed operation— one in which every means is utilised to accomplish the end. Thwarted, grieved^and vexed, He nevertheless still works in us to will and to do. By Him we grow in grace, bring forth the fruits of the Spirit, become wholly sanctified, and ripening for glory are made meet for the inherit ance of the saints in light. He who is of purer eyes than to behold iniquity is nevertheless He who, choosing the abject and vile human heart for His residence, re-creates therein the image of God and seals il for His own. He is also the spirit of joy. We rejoice in the Lord because He visits the heart and pours forth therein the love of God. Because He witnesses to our sonship, assuring us of our forgiveness and justification before God, creating within us the filial spirit whereby we cry, Abba Father. Because, as the spirit of hope He becomes the earnest of our inheritance and gives us a sure and certain hope of everlasting life. Because He is our Comforter, fulfilling the prophetic asurance as a mother comforteth her children so will I comfort you. Because He gives us light in darkness, guideB us in our per plexity, strengthens our weakness, lifts us up when we are cast down, comforts us in sorrow, cheers us when depressed, and is love and life to us continually. He it is who inspires our prayers and urges us and helps us to present them at the throne of grace. He is ever the helper of those who trust in God. Whatever good there is in us has been wrought by the spirit of love. His rebuke and warnings convicted us of sin. His striving and wrestling re strained us from evil. By His patient persistent pleading He sought and saved us. He sealed God's pardon on our hearts, gladdened us with Christ's peace and joy. He unsealed the Sacred Book and gave us eyes to see. He taught us how to pray and still inspires our prayers. As the Spirit of Burning He is the fire to consume, and He only enables us to mortify the deeds of the body. He is the spirit of holiness bringing forth as His fruit in us all the heavenly graces and perfecting holiness in us. It is He who calls us to the work of the ministry, who equips us for service, clothes us with power and makes our preaching a means of spiri tual quickening, edifying and saving. He comforts, cheers, strengthens, con soles, guides and teaches us continually. If then ' Every virtue we possess, And every victory won, And every thought of holiness Are His alone.' surely we are debtors' to. the Spirit to walk after the Spirit. Let us then avoid grieving that love which is set on doing us good. Let us not disturb Him in His work of sanctification. He makes intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered ; let us then live in holy communion with our Divine Guest. Living in the spirit, led by the spirit, we shall bring forth the fruits of the spirit, and when His work in us is finished, He who joined us in spirit to Jesus here, will lead us hereafter to the throne of God and the Lamb, without spot, or wrinkle, or any such thing, and will present us faultless before His presence with exceeding joy. We will conclude with a prayer of St. Augustine : '0 Holy Spirit, love of God, who proceedeth from the Amighty Father and His most blessed Son, powerful Advocate, and sweetest Com forter, infuse Thy grace and descend plentifully into my heart, for in whom soever Thou dwellest, the Father and the Son come likewise and inhabit that breast that is honoured with so glorious and Divine a guest, in whose company the Father and the Son always come and take up their abode. Oh come, Thou cleanser of all pollutions, ,amj healer of spiritual wounds and diseases 1 Come, Thou strength of the feeble . knees and raiser up of them that fall. Come Thou star, and guide of them that sail in this tempestuous sea of the world : Thou only haven of the tossed and ship wrecked. Come Thou glory and crown of the living ; Thou only stay and shield of the dying. Come in much mercy ; come and make me fit to receive Thee. Amen.' 