The City Editor's Pcser. Something has happened that I can't fathom, and I have been city editor of a paper for ten years. Before I took this desk I was ten years police reporter, and I was a good one. It was I who tracked down James Badger, when the detective force had given him upland the man he shot had been in the grave eighteen months. It was I who—but there is no use in trying to console myself with a catalogue of my exploits. The fact remains that in this case I am all at loose ends. Of course, there is one obvious theory: that Smith and Hunter were in collusion. But I, for one, don't believe it. If there is anything I know, it is men. I watched Smith carefully, and I am prepared to take my oath that he is no thief, and it was only for a moment, in the heat of anger, that I once thought he was a liar. He was a fool, of course, with his nonsense about ghosts; but I believe he thought he saw what he says he saw. The strange thing about it is that his visions should have been so apt. Our literary editor, he of the long hair, insists that Smith was a "rare nature," and tells me that the boy has just written a successful novel. I dare Ray he might make a novelist, but he never would have made a good reporter. He came to me- with a letter from his uncle, who is my father's pastor. I felt bound to give him a chance on the staff, but I saw at a glance that he had no nose for news. He was one of these college men gone into newspaper work: journalism, he called it. He actually told me that he hoped to add his little influence to the elevation of the profession. I knew he would get that nonsense knocked out of him, and he did. But he never seemed to learn the first principles of reporting. He rarely got more than half the facts of a story, and he couldn't write what he got. He would spend hours re-casting a sentence. His diction was good, but half his stuff never got into the paper because it came in too late. His space couldn't have amounted to more than six dollars a week. At last I stopped giving him assignments. I didn't like to discharge him outright, but I thought he would take a hint and leave. He didn't, however; he sat at his desk, day after day, with his head upon his hand, until I was heartily sick of him. One night, at a dinner, where I had taken him out of pity, I overheard him talking with Hunter, the cashier of the First National Bank. I had never thought much of Hunter; he spent his evenings, so it was said, in sitting at a table and communing, he called it, with the spirits. He was one of those idiots— I am accustomed to call things by their right names—that belon^ea to the Society for Psychical Research. It was some report of the society that he was discussing with Smith. The report was full of those tales in which dead men appear to distant friends, at the moment of dissolution. I caught just a few phrases of the talk. "Well, whichever one of us dies first will appear to the other," said Hunter. "Thank you, I will do it gladly," said Smith. That made my throat rise, and I determined to discharge Smith at the end of the week. About eight o'clock Wednesday night, as I was putting on my coat to go home, he turned up at my desk. "Mr. Bedford," he said, "there has been a defalcation at the National Bank." The news gave me a jump; I had supposed the National as safe as Government bonds. "Who told you r" I asked impatiently. "Speak up quickly, Mr. Smith. This is important news." "Is it?" he asked. "I wish I had found out more about it. The watchman of the bank told me. I saw a light there, and thought there might be a fire. The watchman said no, he believed there had been a defalcation, and the directors were holding a meeting. I didn't ask anything more. I'll go back if you like and find out." "No, no!" I exclaimed. I looked over the office. Luckily Abrahams, our star man, was still at his desk, finishing his afternoon assignment; I caljed him to my room. "Abrahams," I said, "there is a rumor of a defalcation at the First National Bank. Hurry down there, will you, and see what is in it? I'll wait till you come back." I took off my coat with a comfortable sense of security. Abrahams is a Jew, and Jews are good reporters. Abrahams would have made a stone tell him news, and, at the same time, was one of the squarest men I ever knew. When I turned to my chair, I saw Smith still waiting. I forgot one thing, Mr. Bedford." he stammered. "The watchman says the cashier didn't come to the bank to-day." I groaned. "Mr. Smith," I began, but the lad went so pale that I hadn't the heart to call him down. I turned the matter over in my mind for a moment. "Mr. Smith," I said, finally, "I'm going to givf you a ver^ important assignment. The news you have brought in is of the greatest moment. The movements of the cashier we must know. Now, you know Mr. Hunter; at least by sight. I want you to go to his house and find out, if you can, where he has been to-dav. Do vou think you can do it?" His eves brightened. "I'll trv," he said. "Good." said I. "Mr. Hunter lives out at Ravenswood, doesn he? Take the first train out and telephone me if there is any news." He was gone in a moment. I sent two or three other men to Hunter's ordinary haunts, and sat down to wait. About lialf-past ten Abrahams re- turned with one of the strangest stories I ever , heard. The loss to the bank was not in money nor securities; it was in gold bars. It seemed that some twelve years previous the Hon. H, Jonson Taggart had ap- g peared at the bank followed by three men, each laden down with a satchel in each hand. Taggart was a craUbed old fellow who had made a million, all at once, in oil fields. He was .eccentric enough for anything, and no one was much surprised when he unloaded from the liandrbags twenty bars of solid gold and asked for a drawer in the safe deposit vaults. Hunter, then in his first month as cashier, had charge of the vaults, and he took over the gold, weighed it, and deposited it in a drawer. It was worth ,£20,000, and he hinted that the sum was over-large to be lying idle. "Naw," replied the old man, according to the bank tradition, "naw, we'll just let it rest tliar. Ye see you fellers is allers speculatin', and some day T might wake up an' find the bank busied an' tenpence owin' me fur every shilling I give ye. I've seen a many fortunes go up in air, in my time. I sold my oil fields fur a good round sum, an' two years after they run out an' wasn't wuth payin' taxes. My money might *go just as quick. Naw, sir. This gold is goin' to lay right here where 110 one can touch it, an' it'll be ready to hand, in case I come to need it in my old age." With that he went away.^ He was accustomed to call, 011 the fourteenth day of every month, for a look at his gold; and Hunter would unlock the drawer for him. Taggart never took the bars out; lie was content with counting them, they were built into a stack so that all were in sight at once. He never left the bank without admonishing the clerks to lay by for old age. Presently some one noticed that Hunter was beginning to harp upon the same subject; and, as years passed, he grew almost as bad as Taggart. He was a man weak enough to let such an idea take hold of him and worry him. But he performed his duties faithfully, lived, apparently, within his salary, which was large, and won the absolute trust of the directors', so that he did about as he chose. Latterly, he had several times taken journeys, on bank business, and once or twice, his absence had fallen upon Taggart's inspection day. Hurley, the assistant- cashier, had charge of the vaults when his superior was away. Now it happened that on that Wednesday, which was the fourteenth of this month, old Taggart was ill. Instead of visiting the bank himself, he I sent his son with an order that the f gold should be shown to him. Hunter had left for Chicago the night before. Hurley knew young Taggart well and had no scruple against taking him to flie drawer. "Your father's hoard," said Hurley, "i6 one of the respectable old traditions of the bank; almost as aristrocratic as a family ghost." "I suppose it is," laughed the lad. "I've never seen it, and I'm glad of the chance: It's a joke at home, too." The drawer siid open, and there lay the gleaming stack of bars. The lad lifted the first two with his right hand. "How heavy they are!" he said. "I wonder how many I could hold in one hand." It seems he was a football player, and very lofty about his muscle. He picked up the second two bars with his other hand, as if to load them upon those he held already. Suddenly he paused. "They don't balance," he said. "Aren't they all alike?" Hurley went into a flurry. "Don't they?" he exclaimed. "Let me try." And, sure enough, they didn't; and Hurley went flying, with a yellow bar in either hand, to the president's room. The boy ran after liim, clamoring that his father's money was stolen, and for a moment there was a liow-dy'e-do in the bank. Fortunately for the directors, no customers were present. The president hushed the lad up with promises that all deficiencies should be made good, and set about investigating the affair. Except the two upper bars the whole stack was lead, gold plated. Of course, suspicion fell upon Hunter. He alone had free access to the vault. The old night-watchman remembered that he had been wont to come and go, late, with a leather satchel that sometimes seemed heavy. "The directors," concluded Abrahams, "cautiously refused to lay blame upon the cashier, but they had sent a telegram to Chicago summoning him home, on some pretence. No answer was expected before morning—and there the matter rested." The gorgeousness of this story made me gasp. I told Abrahams to do his prettiest with it, and waited to see the stuff into the paper myself. The other men, I had sent out to Hunter's usual haunts straggled in without much news. One had a curious bit of gossip about some alleged spiritual manifestations, wherein the cashier had been warned that serious trouble hung over him; the stuff was too silly to priijt. Smith's end of the story was lacking, and I began to wish I had sent a better man to Ravenswood. I regretted it more and more deeply as twelve o'clock and one o'clock struck, and no telephone message arrived. At half-past one we went to press. The rumblings below had just begun, when in rushed Smith, with his hair flying. "I've seen him," he exclaimed. "I have a great story." There was no time to tell him what I thought of him. I held myself cool. "Sit right down, Mr. Smith," I ordered, "and write it as fast as you can." I sent word upstairs to the making-up editor to be ready for a lift in the second edition, pushed up a chair beside Smith, took his copy, leaf by leaf, as he wrote it, edited it, and sent it up. An Idyll. A Summer Evening. It was a remarkable story not written in newspaper form, but there was no time for changes. It was literature, not newspaper work, with little bits of description which had to be cut out, though I must confess that some of them were rather vivid. Ee had set down his experiences as they occurred. He learned from Hunters maid that her master had left for Chicago, late the night before. That seemed all right, and he turned away to bring me the news. Before the door was well closed behind him, however, a man came walking down the piazza. Smith thought he might have left the house by the library window. The man's face was shadowed, but Smith recognised the figure, and called Hunter's name. The man turned and made off down the steps of the piazza and along a path thai: led toward the stables. With Smith at his heels, he hurried through the extensive grounds, passed beyond the main stable, and scrambled down a steep, rough path, to a lonely corner. Just as the lad was about to pull his coat tails, the cashier turned into the cellar of an old, rickety barn and disappeared. Smith dashed after him. The place was dark. The boy struck a match, and held it high. There was Hunter kneeling beside the wall. Smith crept nearer. The man had lifted a stone out of the wall and was groping in the hole with his hands. Smith's match went out and, by the time the next was well lighted, Hunter was in the act of lifting something heavy to the ground. He seemed to take no account of the glare, and Smith felt justified, so he said, in peeping over his shoulders. Half a dozen longitudinal pieces of metal lay upon the ground. They gleamed yellow in the light. Smith thought they looked like gold. The time had~come J he felt, to speak, and he called Hunter by name. The man rose to his feet, and, for "the first time, turned his face toward the lad. "Good, Mr. Smith!" I exclaimed- "This is excellent. You will make a. reporter after all." I stretched forth my hand for the next sheet, but it did not come. I looked up. Smith had ceased to write, and was gazing at me. His eyes were wide with an expression I did no J understand. "Mr. Bedford," he said. "The look on. that man's face will go with me all my life. Such unspeakable agony and. despair I have never seen. I stood in a sort of trance with the match abovemy head. Tou have placed yourself under a gas jet, opposite another man, and slowly shut down the light. You; know how the face opposite turns green and glares at you, like a skull come tolife. Well, that is what happened to me. The match burned lower and lower, and there I stood, alone with that awful face! Ugh—I cannot think of it." He clasped his hands over his eyes. At this show of emotion all my approval vanished. "Come, Mr. Smith," I said, "this is no time for heroics. Tell me the rest of your story quickly, and I will write it." He sighed and lowered his hands to the desk. "There isn't much more," he said. "After an age, the match went out. I came to my senses and fumbled for another. When I had lighted it, I looked about for Hunter, but he was gone. In that moment of darkness he had returned the gold to the hole and replaced the stone. I was going to find the place, and, if possible, bring some of the stuff to you, when something made me turn, and I saw Hunter's figure in the doorway. I thought he might have the bars with him, so I followed him. He let me come so near that I could have touched him. If that stuff was gold, I'm sure he wasn't carrying it; it would be too "heavy for one man. Suddenly he turned and began to walk toward the house. I have never seen anyone walk so fast. I could hardly keep close behind him, though I ran. He reached the door first, opened it, and slammed it in my face. . I rang, - again and again, and at last a maid appeared in a wrapper. She was very cross, and insisted that her master had not come home. It was late then— after one, and I had barely time to catch the last train in, so I hurried to the station." "Without telephoning!" I added. "Well, you have done all I expected of yfcu, but you have missed the moBt important thing. Abrahams, take a carriage and drive to Ravenswood at once. In a cellar, under an old barn, in Hunter's grounds, you will find some of the missing gold bars—if Hunter hasn't already made off with them. Mr. Smith will give you full directions." While they were talking and I was writing, down came Dupree, the telegraph editor. His face was purple with rage. He waved a sheet of flimsy under my eyes. "What fool wrote the story about seeing Hunter at Ravenswood?" he exclaimed. Smith faced him, and I liked the way he did it. "I wrote the story!" he said. "Well, you idiot, look here—" began Dupree. "Hold on, Mr. Dupree," interposed 1. "I can handle my own men without assistance. What is the matter?" Dupree thrust the flimsy into my hand. It was dated Chicago, and it read: "John T. Hunter, cashier of the National Bank, committed suicide in the Gilsey House this evening. Details coming." "Do you see that, Mr. Smith?" I asked. He stared at the flimsy and his face turned dead white. "Well?" said I. "So help me heaven, I saw him!" exclaimed the boy. "I saw either him or his—" I turned away in utter disgust. Telegraph back and have this report thoroughly verified, Mr. Dupree," I said. "Mr. Smith, you will wait until the reply comes." I paced up and down the office for ten minutes, in a towering rage. Smith collapsed into a chair, threw his arms upon the desk, and hid his face in them. At last Dupree appeared with an answer. "No mistake possible," it read. "Hunter well known here. Received a telegram at half-past eleven this evening, and five minutes afterward shot himself, in his room." I took two paces toward Smith. Dupree caught my arm. "For heaven's sake, Redford," he whispered, "don't hit him!" "Let me alone!" I shouted, and flung him off. But I was a little ashamed, and took a few turns to cool myself. At last I called Smith's name. The boy lifted his head; I had expected to find him blushing with shame, but he looked only dazed. "Mr. Smith," I said, "you may not know that it is expedient, if not decent. to tell the truth in a newspaper. What you have done is the most dastardly trick a reporter can play." He rose from his chair and confronted me. His face had turned calm, and he was looking straight into my eyes. If it had not been too absurd I should have deemed his expression one of pity rather than one of fear. That angered me anew. "Where you got that information about the gold bricks, I don't know; probably from the watchman. But you might have known that your falsehood would be discovered. It was not only a blackguardly lie; it was a pitifully weak one." Smith's hands clinched. I saw his eyes blaze for a second. Then he was calm again. "Mr. Redford," he said, rather impressively. "I have told you no lie. I believed, and yet believe, that I saw Mr. Hunter." He still looked me squarely in the face, and, for some reason or other, I didn't attack him further. "There is no need for more words," I said, rather weakly. "You may go; never show yourself here again." He gazed at me for a moment more, took his hat from the desk, and walked out. We had a good story next morning. The embezzlement end was a clean scoop on all the other papers. For that I had Smith to thank, and I was a little uncomfortable when I remembered how severe I had been with him. But when Abrahams arrived, with the word that no gold had been found in the cellar, I felt easier. "The walls," said Abrahams, "were covered with dust. I examined them carefully, with the police. They laughed at me. No stone, they said, had been removed for years; probably none had ever been removed." "So that does for Mr. Smith," I commented. Abrahams hesitated. "Yee-es," he said. "Look here, old man, Hunter's little tiger tells a quesr story. He says he saw his master this morning." I turned a cynical eye upon Abrahams. "Et tu, Brute?" I remarked. "Go on; was it a ghost?" "Well, this is the story," returned Abrahams. "About sunrise this morning, the tiger was crossing the lower part of the yard. He saw a man stand- ing within the cellar door. No onehad any business there, and the tiger went to turn the fellow out. As hedrew near the door, the man beckoned. The sun was shining squarely upon his face. The tiger says he will take his oath that it was his master. But he went straight into the cellar." "Well?" I put in, for Abrahams had paused. "Well, the tiger says no one was there." "Some tramp," I suggested. "Went out the other door or the window." "There is no other door," returned Abrahams. "I have looked over that cellar thoroughly. There is only one window; a little one, seven feet above the ground, and it is barred, and the bars have not been moved. I couldn't get out of that cellar, and I don't believe anyone else could." "Then the tiger lied," I remarked, cheerfully. "Don't you be getting nonsense into your head, Abrahams. Go and hunt up those gold bricks." Now comes the part of the stoiy 1 don't understand. Next afternoon, pretty late, Abrahams came in. He wore an uncertain air quite unusual with him. "See here, old man," he said. "The damn'deBt thing has turned up about that Hunter matter." "Go ahead," I urged. "Don't be afraid. I won't hurt you." "Well, this noon, I got a tip from one of the bank directors to be at Hunter's, at two. I hurried out and found all the officers of the bank, half a dozen coppers, some Italians, with pickaxes,, and a few men from the other papers." "What's the matter?" I asked. " "The directors have got a crazy idea that your little friend Smith's cellar ought to be searched,' said one of the fellows. "And they smashed down the wall, and by Jove! there, in a hole, were all the eighteen bars of gold!" I eyed Abrahams quizzically. "That's a good story, anyway," I said. "Anything more?" "No-o!" stammered Abrahams, "only you know what the tiger says he saw." "Oh, damn!" I commented, crossed to my room and slammed the door. These credulous people make me tired. But still I can't form any theory that will; hold water, and that makes me tired, too. An Unhappy Suggestion. ARTIST.—" Come for a row on the Yarra next Saturday ? MODEL.—" What! In a boot box ?" 