A MODERN ANANIAS. No one who knew Stephen Gibson intimately could ever understand why he had always been so successful in life. Not that he was by any means a dull boy ; indeed, he was too well endowed in certain respects. From his early years he was noted for the strength and fertility of an imagina- tion which took the unpleasant form of exaggeration. In his youth, he passed through the successive stages of fibbing in the nursery, story-tell- ing in the schoolroom, and plain lying I in the more robust atmosphere of the public shool. They were not white lies either that Stephen Gibson told so glibly, not the more or less par- donable perversion of the truth by a sensitive soul who desires to save the feelings of others, or his own, but the black lies invented for the base ends of self-aggrandisemeñt and sel- fish gain. Never did any case more clearly prove that lying is more or less a mild form of insanity ; for Ste- phen's inventions, although very in- genious, were utterly reckless, and almost bound to be exposed sooner or later. Indeed, they generally had been found out, and from the very time when he invented school adven- tures in which he figured as hero, he was known to be an incorrigible liar. His schoolfellows knew it, and jeered at him. The headmaster com- mented on it in writing to his parents. They replied that they knew it, but they hoped that after he left school he would grow out of this terrible habit. From his early youth Stephen had determined to take up medicine as a profession. As a medical student, he was already gifted with an air of wisdom. During his hospital career he_ made many friends. He even gained a considerable amount of re- spect, on account of certain adven- tures, which he modestly recounted, and by the brilliant way he passed his [examinations ; but even at the hospital bis peculiarity was found out. He made enemies as well as friends, and once or twice he narrowly escaped rough treatment from the hands of the companions he had tricked and deceived. His mother shed many tears, and prayed over him in secret. His father shrugged his shoulders, and gave him up as a bad job. < But Stephen Gibson did not care. He knew that a prophet is of no account in his. own country ; he knew also that he possessed that which, if not absolutely necessary in his pro- fession, was a great help-a good presence. He might have been an embryo specialist on lung diseases, so grave and dignified was his man- ner ; and he had long since realised that, although appearances may be deceitful, they are also very useful. . He came, in answer to an advertise- ment, straight from St. Mark's»Hos pital to Lexonhead, a remoter but growing country town in the north of England, where he settled down as assistant to Dr. Warren. Stephen arrived armed with some highly flattering testimonials. Some of them would no doubt have greatly astonished the doctors with whose names they were signed,-if they had seen them. There was a good opening in Lexonhead for an enterprising young man, and Stephen conhdently hoped to set up for himself, or be- come Dr. Warren's partner and suc- cessor. Dr. Warren wasjvery pleased with Stephen, and they soon became great friends. Mr. Migson, curate of the parish church, had hitherso possessed the entire monopoly of parish female popularity, but directly he met Ste- phen Gibson he felt that his reign was over. He was a small, thin man, with flaxen hair, aesthetic blue eyes, and an uninteresting upper lip; while Stephen, good- looking enough, was tall and dark, with a moustache that would have done credit to an Italian singing-master. " What a very handsome man Mr. Gibson is, and how different from poor Mr. Migson !" was the demure comment of the young ladies of the parish. "Poor Mr. Migson," the curate, overheard the term, and bit his lip. His popularity, then, was to become as nought beside,this broad-shoul- dered, urbane riyal. He was cut out by a doctor's assistant, a mere apothe- cary,-he, Alexander Migson, a future dignity of the Church, perhaps even a bishop ! Mr. Migson groaned in the spirit. Mary Lawson, the Arch- deacon's eldest daughter, who had once lent a favourable ear to his wooing, passed him by with a chilly and careless nod, and now lavished her somewhat acid smiles on Stephen Gibson Unholy thoughts filled the curate's breast. He was at heart a good and kind little man, and he might have surrendered his place willingly to a rival who .pleased him ; but, without knowing why, he felt a vague distrust of Stephen. Not so the Archdeacon, who flattered himself that he was an excellent judge of character, and was delighted with the new parish acqui- sition. " A thoroughly competent and ex- cellent man, my dear," he said to his wife, as he stood with his back to the fire, lying down clerical and domestic law to an adoring family. "He is just the sort of young man we wanted to bring new blood into the parish. He will do great things in the world, I am sure." ? "And he is so musical, papa," said the elder Miss Lawson. " And so good-looking," giggled the younger; "such a nice nose, too !" " Don't be frivolous and silly, Miss," said Mary, sharply. " I shall be what I like J" rejoined the younger, even more sharply. " My dears, my dears !" murmured the benignant Archdeacon : " little birds in their nests-little birds, you know." : It was riot necessary to quote Dr. Watt's hymns in full, They were too well known in the family. The girls left the room to have it out up- stairs. The Archdeacon's placid wife looked | at him with a deprecating smile. " I ara sure he will be a great phy- sician one day, he seems so clever, Hamilton, and I hear he has private means," she added timidly. "If-if he were to take to Mary "-she hesi- tated-" would you consent ?" "Don't try to anticipate events, my dear," said the Archdeacon. " Suf- I ficient unto the day-sufficient unto i the day." Mr. Lawson had an irri- tating way of repeating himself, i which bored his friends, but con j vinced 'his. wife : she dropped the ; subject, and asked the young doctor to dinner. When Stephen had. been nearly a year at Lexonhead, his father and mother began to breathe more freely. He seemed so happy, and wrote such calm and obviously true accounts of his work, that his mother felt at last her prayers had been answered, and that the evil and lying spirit had de- parted out of her son. She thought that hard work and the serious re- sponsibilities of his new position had taught him to reflect on the little weakness of his youth. But his father was still sceptical : he said he hoped that Stephen's case was not like that of the man from whom one devil departed, and seven returned, but this observationmadeMrs Gibson so angry that he held his peace and awaited events. Stephen had been away for a week's holiday. On his return ne announced to the parish that he was engaged to be married. He told the news to Miss Benson, one of his most import- ant patients, who was a great gossip, and in a day or so every one knew it. There were a good many people in the parish who would have greatly preferred a married doctor, and therefore, on the whole, his engage- ment only added to his popularity; but Mary and Mr. Migson were very I angry, although the anger of the latter was tempered with hope. Mary felt that she had been thor- oughly misled, and Mr. Migson was annoyed to think that parish tongues had wagged about Stephen Gibson and the woman he loved. Poor Mr. ; Migson, he was only too glad to re- new his suit, and openly delighted when, piqued and slighted, Mary turned to him again.. She confided in him that she could not see what there was in a country doctor to make such a fuss over, and for her part she preferred the Church. The doctor was assailed on all hands with congratulations and ques- tions. To whom was he engaged? Was he going to be married soon ? Would he leave them ? They hoped not. What was the young lady like? Very pretty, they supposed. How naughty of him never to have men- tioned her before. He said she was the second daughter of the Bishop of Crombshire. She was very lovely. He hoped they would all like her. The Archdeacon and his wife took the news very kindly. For some ex- traordinary reason they took it as a personal'compliment that he should ally himself to what the Archdeacon pleasantly called " a daughter of the Church."'. " Af ter all, he has never paid Mary any particular attention," said Mrs. Lawson ; but she sighed a little as sho said it. It would have been very pleasant to have had an eminent specialist in the family. But she felt he had behaved quite honourably, and made him as welcome as ever. In the meantime the young doctor was very happy. He, was already making preparations fdr his coming marriage, and the" parish took a greater interest than ever in his fiancee. The old ladies insisted on seeing her photograph, and were charmed with it. " She must be quite a beauty," they said, enthusiastically, "and we are longing to see her." And Stephen promised they should soon do so. He spent a long evening discussing his prospects with his friend the Archdeacon, who said he had never met the Bishop of Cromb- shire. Indeed, no one in Lexonhead had ever done so; but the very thought of a bishop is an awe-in- spiring and impressive thing, and every one felt the coming marriage would confer a great honour on the parish. Dr. Warren was especially pleased and proud of his popular and clever assistant, and felt that he had chosen him from among numer- ous applicants with great foresight and judgment. . Mr. Gibson told the Archdeacon he thought his future father-in-law would probably do something for him later on. He had already spoken of buying him a practice in Cromb- shire, but he hoped to remain where he was for a year or so. He was so happy at Lexonhead, and he knew his future wife would also be happy there. \\.i The Archdeacon was greatly grati- fied. He told his wife and daughters and the elder Miss Lawson sniffed and looked unpleasant. She said she did not want any Bishop's daughter coming to the parish putting on airs, especially one who was lowering her- self by marrying a country doctor. " She will soon put your nose out of joint, my dear," whispered her sister spitefully. "Don't be impertinent, Miss !" said Mary; but the younger girl only ^A^month or so passed uneventfully by, and Stephen began to receive many wedding presents. He expressed great gratitude to his friends, and begged them to ex- cuse his fiancee from writing, as she had not been very strong lately, and was away yachting with some friends. He said he knew how pleased and proud she would be when she saw the beautiful things he had received. She would value them, not only for their intrinsic worth, but as marks of their kind regard for himself. For a week or so ne was very busy indeed, writing letters couched in all degrees of gratitude, from . the effu- sive, epistle to his most generous friends and patients, beginning " DEAR HRS. ALDER, " How can we thank you enough for your lovely and costly gift ?" to the friendly little note- ' .t DEAR MISS HANKS. " Thank you so much in both our names for the pretty little penwiper we received this morning." One afternoon the Archdeacon came hurrying home with a very grave face. " My dears," he said, looking quite pale and unnerved as he sank into an armchair, " I have some bad news for you, some terrible news-terrible news 1 Poor Mr. Gibson's future wife has been drowned yachting. It is a dreadful thing-both so young, and so near their marriage too. I met Dr. Warren in the High Street, and he says the poor young fellow seems utterly broken down. He has not seen him since yesterday, and I hâve received a sad and heart-broken note from him. Isn't it dreadful ? Truly the ways of Providence, although wise ana tender, I have no doubt, are inscrutable." The girls and,mother were genu- inely shocked, and the whole parish grieved with their favourite. Mr. Higson quite came round, and de- spised himself for having condemned his rival. How would he feel if his Mary had been drowned, he thought, full of self-reproach; and he sent a manly and sympathetic letter to Ste- phen Gibson. No one saw the doctor tor several days. He wrote little, pitiful notes of thanks to the people who condoled with him, and said their kind gifts would be returned to them in due course. This no one would hear of. They said, of course they knew nothing could make up for his loss, but it he would keep them as tributes of their affectionate regard for himself, they would be glad. He was greatly touched by this proof of the esteem in which he was held, but returned everything grace- fully. |He said he felt very grateful, but it hurt him even to see the pre- sents now. The kind-hearted Archdeacon de- cided to hold a memorial service in the beautiful old parish church. It was the. only {thing he could do to show his sympathy. All the parish attended, and as the procession of choir boys came slowly in from the vestry,*! followed by the Archdeacon and his curate, the scene was a very impressive one. It was a wet and dreary day, and the rain beat inces- santly against the stained glass win- dows, while the autumn wind moaned and shrieked, as though all nature was sharing Stephen's grief. He knelt with bowed head and heaving shoulders. His misery moved the whole of the female congregation to tears, and loud sobs echoed through the building. It was so sad-and he had behaved with such fortitude and dignity ; even the Archdeacon's kind voice faltered once or twice : it was so terribly tragic and unexpected. For many weeks afterwards things were very dreary in the parish, but Stephen Gibson bore himself nobly, He looked sadly resigned ; but there was a great deal of illness about that time, and he went through his duties bravely, showing his usual tender- ness and sympathy for all suffering. Mr. Migson and Mary were openly engaged now, and the kind little man made a point of never obtruding his joy on his sorrowful rival. One morning, Stephen was driving through the town, when he met the Archdeacon. He pulled up, and jumped down from his dog-cart, and shook hands with a ghost of his formel bright smile. ' "My dear Gibson," said Mr. Lawson " I am so glad I have met you. Thc Bishop ot Crpmbshire has kindlj offered to como and preach here next Sunday on behalf of our foreign mis- sion ; but doubtless you have already heard from him ? It is exceedingly good of him, because it is so far fron: his diocese." The doctor was looking rather pale and worn. " No," he said, " I have not heard It is indeed good of him. I did not know he took so great an interest ii this parish; but surely it is a ver j long way for him to come ? . " lt is," agreed the Archdeacon, " i is ; but he is coming to oblige hil friend the Bishop of Ontiago, who you doubtless know, has been unfor tunately taken ill while staying witl him. . However, we shall benefit bj the exchange, [as the Bishop of Gromo shire is a far more eloquent man. am only wondering about you, Gib son-he will naturally wish to sei you." The Archdeacon paused. " Yoi will not feel it is reopening you wound to meet him. It will be pain ful, I know, and you have my sym patby; but these things have to b faced, my dear Gibson-they have t be faced." The doctor smiled a sad and sick!; smile. ! "You are always so kind an thoughtful," he said gratefully, " bu I would rather see him ; it will pei haps comfort me a little, too,"-h sighed deeply. T?he Archdeacon gave a sympatheti cough. " Thew are so many things Ihav to say to him," continued Stephoi "and I doubtless shall be able to con fort him, too; it does not do to fa selfish in one's grief." " You show the faith and the fort tude I have learnt to expect froi you, Gibson. Yes, the faith and trul noble fortitude. I am proud to ha\ you iii my pansa. Stephen sighed again, and stared dreamily in front or him. "It is sometimes bard for laymen tobe brave," he said at length ; but if anything could help me, it would be the consolations pf religion and your sympathy' The Archdeacon wrunghim warmly by the hand, and went nome greatly moved. , Early on Thursday morning a hur- ried note came to the vicarage. Ste Ehen wrote to say that his father had een taken seriously ill, and as he did not care to have any one else attend- ing him, he must go home at once. He of course hoped to be back by Sunday, if his dear father were better, and he would call at the vicar- age and see the Bishop on Sunday afternoon. The Archdeacon at once wrote a kindly and sympathetic note, to say that he hoped Stephen would find his father better, and he was to come and have luncheon with them on Sunday. * * * # . * Three dayspassed, and Stephen did not return. His father was evidently much worse, as he had not even written a line. On Sunday morning, the service over, the Bishop and the Archdeacon started to walk home to- gether. The Archbishop thanked the Bishop for his eloquent sermon, and talked for some time on Church mat- ters. Then presently, looking side- ways at the Bishop, he cleared his throat nervously, and said in a low, smooth voice, "I was deeply sorry, my lord, to hear of your loss, your very sad loss." The Bishop started, and looked puzzled. "Your dear daughter's death must have been a terribly sudden shock. Poor Gibson, of whom we are so Sroud and fond, was quite stricken own-utterly stricken down." The Bishop started again, and turned slightly pale. " He had told us so much about his sweet fiancee, that we were all look- ing eagerly forward to the honour of having her amongst us," continued Mr. Lawson. The kind voice faltered a little-" I-I hope I am not intru- ding on your grief, my lord, when I tell you it was snared by a great many in this parish. Oh, surely it was the saddest thing in all the world !" he added brokenly,-" sad for Gibson, but even sadder for you." Then the Bishop stood st ock still, and stared in a dazed way at the Archdeacon. Twice he appeared to make a great but unavailing effort to speak, yet seemed too astonished to utter a word. Finally he took off his hat, and let the cool air play upon his amazed brow. Then, very slowly and emphatically, as though stating a fact the significance of which he had never realised until now, he said firmly,- . "My dear Lawson, I-assure you I have no daughter.-I am a single man I R. NEISH. , 