THE RIVER OF PLEASURES. (By Rev. Mlark Guy Pearse.) "Thou shalt make them drink of the river of thy pleasures."-Psalm xxxvi. 8. So, then, God is the God of our plea sures. It is well for us thus to think of him. And more than well;it is necessary. No man really know~s God, no man thinks of him rightly, until he thinks of God as the God of our pleasures. Pleasure is not meant to be th.e luxury of the rich; it is a necescdty, a duly, a religion. Pleasure is needful to all healthy and true life. Therefore is it that God's love cannot rest in anything short of olfr pleasure. Heaven is at once the fulness and completion' of our ser vice. The great mistake we make is in supposing that heaven is a place in stead of a condition. It is now and here if we will have it, not only up there and in the future. The Parable of the River. Let us get away to the river, and sit down by it under the shade of the trees. One of the best purposes of the holi days, and one of our chief aims, should be to store' the chambers of the, imagery with fair scenes. He is poor, indeed, and greatly to be pitied, who has no picture gallery that he carries with him, scenes fairer than any artist can paint -bits of God's own beauty hung up for ever in the mind. Sit here, then, in the shade, with the great blue stretch of heaven over us, the green grass for resting place, and the "flowers at our feet. Do you see that the river is heaven made available for : each- heaven come down to earth, put within its reach, and ministering to it? There are great white clouds that go sailing above the world; the thirsty meadows cannot reach up to them, but, lo, they touch the mountains and pour out all their wealth, and the mountains store in their depths the beating rain, and send it down in a thousand rivulets and laughing waterfalls to join the brim ming river. Follow it as it goes on its course of.blessing, its banks overhung with ferns and bright with flowers. Think how it hurries on to turn the dripping mill wheel and to feed the hungry people. Do you remember how of old to the sleeping prophet there came an angel who baked him a cake and set at his head a cruse of water? So is it that heaven is ever coming down 'in the rivers ,of Water to bless men--to meet the thousand needs of the people, enough afid to spare, as it goes on its way to the city that itself makes great. We should have had no London if it had not been for the Thames, and no Liverpool 'if it had not been for the Mersey. The river yields a highway to the ships that go with their cargoes to the ends of the earth. Come back again to our resting place. The river is heaven made available for earth. Look how it gives itself to the tree that overhangs it-the tree planted by the rivers of water, whose leaf shall not wither. See how a thousand creatures quench their thirst from it, and above it the. happy birds sing as if it lad brought them their joy. And what is the river of the pleasures of God, but just this-God made available for us, God putting himself most graciously within our reach? That is the meaning of overy'thing that God has done in the world's history and is doing for us. There is in every developed religious life a three-fold stage. First, God is. Then God is with us in 'the person o( his son. Then God is nearer yet and closer still-he is in us. By a spiritual communion, by an inwrought sense of love, he becomes our very possession. The love of God is shed abroad 'in the heart by theIHoly Ghost givdn unto us; and the river is ever the emblem of the Holy Ghost. "My soul thirsteth for God, for the living God," and in the river we drink of himself as the plea sure and satisfaction of our life. This is what he is seeking to make us know by all the revelation of his word and by all the way of our life-that he is with in reach, is available for us. This is the great teaching of the Lord Jesus. What God Gives. God is not far oll, as we thought, in his high heaven, amidst his holy angels; but nigh at hand, wrapping us about with his goodness, clothing us as he clothes the flowers,ministering to us as he ministers to the birds, but with a tenderness infinitely deeper and more gracious than they can ever know. "As many as are led by the Spirit of God, they are the children of God." What does that mean but that the great God in heaven comes down to give himself to me, and puts himself within my reach? I am to take his hand, to know him as my own; I am to find his al mighty power available for my weak ness, to find his infinite wisdom guid ing my steps. He himself is to be my friend, with whom I am to walk and talk. My life is to find in him its re fuge, its strength, its peace, its joy. As the river gives itself for the satisfying and gladdening of the earth, so my life is to be cheered and brightened, and gladdened and blest by his presence. There it is-a thing available not only to think about, not only to sigh for, but to drink of and live. '[he great love of God is really to minister to us, and re fresh us, and satisfy us. This is what Jesus comes to bestow. "If thou knewest who it is that saith to thee, give me to drink, thou wouldest have asked him, and he, would lhave given thee living water." And mark this word "satisfied," which applies to the river of God as well as to the provi sions of his house. Only the river of God's pleasures can satisfy the whole nature. We are too great for any but our creator himself. There are deeper wants than any other can minister to; higher and greater needs than any other hand can satisfy. I was reading in the paper some time ago of the gold- fields that have been lately discovered in British Columbia. Here is an cxtract:--"A miner from Klon dyke, who has returned to Montana, tells of the great hardships experienced in the wild gold regions, and declares that in the course of three years he saw over 200 graves. A large majority of the deaths had been caused by starva tion. He admits, lhowever, that gold abounds in the district." Was ever so grim a picture? There in the tent lies thile gaunt skeleton, and tight in his bony grip the yellow gold, the hard and shining gold of which he had dreamed and for whichi he had toiled, and having which he said he would have all and be in need of nothing. And lo! he held the treasure in his grasp, and sank and died for want of a crust of bread. There is a terrible price paid for the possession of many a thing that a man counts good-a higher price than ever the miner paid for his gold. Truth, goodness, love, purity, honour, these are dead, dead whilst the man grasps the treasure that he coveted. How good to turn from such a scene to these words, "Thou wilt make them to drink of the river of thy pleasures," the river of the water of life which ministers to all within us, and brings a perfect satisfaction. They told of old of a water by which the bitter memo ries were lost. But he who drinks of this river holds the joy of a past for given, blotted out, remembered against him' no more for ever, cast into the depths of the sea as if the waters of the river bare it on and on, away, away, until it sinks buried -beneath the great billows of the ocean. Of old they sang of a river'in which youth was renewed. But they who drink of this river have a life that is everlasting, ever new, ever young, ever fresh, ever glad, a river that bears us on and home to the fair city of God. Pleasure is ever a smaller thing than satisfaction, until we find our home in God. Then it is satisfac tion brimming over into pleasure. Is it not worth whilel for us to be still for a moment or two in the fever and fret of the world, and to ask ourselves, "What, after all, do I need? What is that which., if I lack, I yet lack all?" Well, I want a peace, assured, authori iative, spoken into my innermost heart, that only God can give. I want a new life, full, true, good-something that can touch the deepest springs of my nature, and. sweeten, all that is bitter, and purify all that is evil, and keep me for ever at my highest and best. I want the grasp of a hand that will never let my own go, I want a home and refuge that can never fail me in the uncertainties of life, and in the cer taiilties of death and. eternity. How can they be mine? Here is the answer: -"Thou shalt make-them to drink of the rivers of thy pleasures." Not to think about it only,' not to hear about it only, not to long for it only, but to drink. I .must avail myself of that which is made so available; I must take that which is freely given. "The spirit and the bride say, come. And let him that heaTeth ,say, come. And let him that is athirst come. And whosoever will, let- him take, of the waf`r 9f life freely." 