THE ATHANASIAN CREED. The following sermon was preached by the Bev. J. L. Taylor at Holy Trinity Church on Sunday night last iL Timothy, 1, 13—" Hold fast the form of sound words." "In the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. During the whole existence of "Christ's Church militant here on earth," " As it was in the beginning," so it " Is now, and erer shall be, necessary at times to earnestly contend for the faith which was once delivered to the saints. (St. Jude, 3.) In thus contending, we do so in the spirit of maintaining and not quarrelling. That we maintain strongly and declare emphatically cannot be adduced against us as exhibiting a spirit of opposition or mere dogmatism, beoause those who assert the contrary do so in a much more dogmatic manner, and that without the evidence to support their declarations that we possess. Yet, at the sarno time, when the Church plainly declares her authority, her position, and her faith, she is presently attacked as intolerably assumptive, overbearingly assertive, and dogmatically positive. All these baseless and futile attacks upon the stronghold of the Faith, unsettle and mislead many unstable souls. Upon the convinced and assured believer they have no effect. It is for the strengthening of the weak, the building up of the wavering, and the establishing of the uncertain that the Church again and again lifts up her voice to maintain the Faith. In my humble And limited sphere, dear brethren, it is my duty and also my privilege to seek to guide you into all truth. It may be, some here are in doubt, some in perplexity, some desiring light, and some knowledge. May I be enabled by the Divine Spirit of Truth to minister to these. " Credo, " I believe" the outward voice of the living inward Faith. A Creed! how obiectionablu this word is to many who still hold firmly to the word Faith. They attempt, and miserably fail in the attempt to ridicule the Catholic Church for contending for her Creeds. Their faith, such as it is, floats all around them in un- certain form spiritually, as the atmrsphere around us, in the body but they are in the dark. We breathe the same life giving air of Faith, the true Faith, but the Creed of the Church is as the sun in the heavens, unalterable, tut giving light, life, and warmth to all the breaths we breathe. As soon as the objectors step out of the mere atmosphere of Faith and profess any substantive factor objective truth they enter into the sunlight of the Creed. They feel the power threefold.as before stated, of its centralisation, and in concrete expression, " Hold fast the form of sound words," Those who object to the Creeds object to Christ. He again and again demanded a personal confession of Faith. " Credo" again and again was cried out unto Him during His Holy Ministry on earth. If it be said by the opponents to the Creeds that all He desired was an expression of faith in Himself, we reply that" In Him dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily," (Col. ii, 9.) and therefore faith in Christ includes that in the Father, with all it contains, and that in the Spirit with all it,contains, hence to say "Thou art the Son of the living God," embraces " All the articles of the Christian Faith." (See Ch. Cat.) The question may be raised "Then why add to that which contains all ?" We reply, that we do not add, we introduce nothing. The Church from Apostolic times added no new thing, but as the tree grows by virtue of the power of the life in the seed, so the Catholic faith in the same life power that is in the Christ of God, developed, for a clearer understanding of the faith, the places indwelling in Christ. As the oak tree, in every twig and leaf exhibits an undivided union with the acorn from which it sprang and carries the distinctive life of the seed even unto the end, producing exactly the same seed within itself, so it is witH the Creeds (as also with the Bible) sprung from a common source, radiating round a common centre, containing a common truth and proclaiming a common Faith, the Creeds witness to Jesus Christ as " Emmannel," and partaking of the power of His endless Life, in varied terms give force and power to one unalterable truth. "God the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." " Three persons and one God." In treating of the Creeds, and especially of that termed "Symbolum Athanasii," or the "Creed of St. Athanasius," let me first state the fact that creeds were in existence before the Scriptpres. Dean Goulburn in his work, "The Holy Catholic Church, pp. 252, says, "The Church always hod a Faith and a Truth to guard, though there was a time when she had no Scriptures. Adam and Abel, and Enoch and Abraliam had a Faith and were possessed of a Truth, long ages before the law was written." . . "And similarly St. Stephen had a New Testament Faith, a New Testament Truth, and died in the full sunshine of New Testament Hope, though not a line of the New Testament was written in his day." St. Paul does not say that the Bible is the pillar and stay or ;uard of the Truth, but the Church is ?i Tim., iii., 15) and after making this inspired statement, for the confidence of them that believe he immediately gives forth an early " form of sound words" in the following Apostolic Creed, "God was manifest in the flesh, Justified in the Spirit, Seen of angels, Preached unto the Gentiles Believed on in the world, Beceired up into glory." i. Tim, hi, 16. The Creeds of the Church in the first instance were not defensive, but instructive. They are now'both to those seeking in the proper spirit light and information j they, in .afew words, teach the longer and niller gospel history, together with the leading doctrines of the Church. To those who believe, they arc ns bulwarks around Zion, and defend the Truth, giving us, in choice and concise expressions, an answer, always ready, to those who enquire as to the hope and faith within us. May we not well follow apostolic injunction, and "hold fast the form of sound words." Now let me briefly state the history of this Creed, vie., the Creed of St. Athanasius. One of the moBt awful heresies that ever attacked the Catholic faith was that set forth by Arius, a priest in the diocese of Alexandria. He taught that Jesus Christ was not" God of God, very God of very God." {Nieene Creed.) He was the first who set forward the awful dootrinet of Unitarianism; but I am not going to lie led from my subject by a discussion either of Ariamsm or 8abeUianism though 4he matter is of utmost importance. • Only, 4o guard against both of these dangerous opinions, the Great Creed gives expression to the true faith in these words : •"Neither confounding the Persons, nordividingthe substance?' Now, Sabellianism confounded the persons, while Arianism dmded the substance. The error of Arius quickly spread, aid at last the Church was roused to take notice of and condemn the neretibs. In this controversy Athanasius, tfte Pristate.tf Alexandria, took the leading part against the Arians. He asserted and maintained what is now the universal torching respecting the doctrine of the ever Blessed Trinity. I need not Stay to tell you of his most eventful life, but his name will ever stand high amongst the mighty men of God. The faith for which he lived, and in which he died, is now the faith of Christendom. Accepted alike with the other Creeds by the Church of Home and, with one alteration, by the Greek Church, the American Church, and our own Catholic Church; it is also the Creed of the Protestant Churches on the continent. Luther called it the Bulwark of the Apostle's Creed." Even those who I'O not take it ns a " symbol" or creed for public use or confession, accept its clear and rich declarations as to the Holy Trinity, the Incarnation of our Lord, and the other doctrines set forth at the closc. St. Athanasius did not compose this Creed, though it bears his name, and amongst the, as a rule, unthoughtful objectors to this Creed, this fact is spread abroad as if it were a condemning evidence against the Creed. The Apostles' Creed was not written by the Apostles, neither was the Nieene Creed, as we now UBO it, drawn up and accepted at the Council of Niccca. It would be more absurd, to alter these venerated namos over our Creeds than to alter that over the "Iliad" or Odyssey," though no one believes that Homer wrote cither of these two great epics. This Creed teaches the faith of the Church as maintained by St. Athanasius, and was called at one time " Athanasius' Tract on the Trinity." He makes no mention of this Creed in his works, and as it first appeared in Latin and he wrote in Greek, we can' well believe that he never formally composed it. We are sure of so little as to its origin that we need not be anxious to find out the compiler of this Creed, though he is generally thought to be one of the Uallican or French bishops. This is no individual expression of faith, as of one man, nor even personal, like the Apostles' Creed, but is the definite coxclusions of the whole Church, principally upon the'doctrine of the Holy Trinity. What is far more important as showing its value is to know that for over a thousand years the Church has maintained it intact. Probably Alfred the Great recited it. We know it was used by the Venerable Bede, for he wrote a prayer, which is found at the end of his abbreviated Psalter, for the use of the Monks of Jarrow after reciting or singing this confession of faith. It hod long been in use in his day. He died A.D. 735. and from his time it has been in use in our Church. The Sarum Breviary enjoined its use daily at Prune after the capitulum. (See " The Prayer Book Interleaved," by Rev. W. M. Campion, D.D., etc., page 73, Sym.' Athan.) In the Roman communion it was ordered to be said every Sunday, and, being sung like a psalm, became known as the psalm "Quicomque." This Creed is now used 13 times in the Church year, and those who foolishly say the clergy do not like it, an i therefore <tS not use it oftcner than enjoined, simply direct the laugh to themselves, for no portion of the prayer book is used oftener than ordered. I cannot rspeat the law or the gospel as often as I choose, nor the Creed, or Lord's Prayer, or anything; so why not, on the same ground, argue that the clergy do not like the Litany or Collect for the aay ? If you will notice, the Apostles' Creed is an amplification of the various expressions of faith set lorth in tho Scriptures. Then followed the Nieene Creed, which is an amplification of that of the Apostles, and then comes what Blunt calls, in his Annotated Prayer Book, "this beautiful and exact dogmatic cauticle" (page 216), which is a fuller exposition of the doctriues contained in the former creeds, Now, let us try and find what the collective voice of the Church of England says of the Prayer Book, and therefore of this Creed which occupics so notable a position tlierein. If you will take the Encyclical letter, issued by 194 Bishops to the Church at the last Lambeth Conference, at page 21 you will read: " The Book of Common Prayer, next to the Bible itself, is the authoritative standard of the Anglican communion. The great doctrincs of the faith are there clearly set forth in their true relative proportions. And wc hold that it would be most dangerous to tamper with its teaching either by narrowing the breadth of its comprehension or by disturbing the balance of its doctrine. We do not speak of any omission or modification which might have the effect of .practically denying an article in one of the Creeds, for that would be not only dangerous, but a direct betrayal of the faith." I am well aware that-in everything and in every subject except those of religion, or matters of faith, there are those who will accept a recognised standard of authority. When they need information on a scientific subject they would fear to express an opinion of their own. On music, they will obtain the best_teaching they can from an acknowledged musician, and so on, and yet on the most high and holy subject with which man cau occupy his mind and time, that of. theology, it appears that many do not seek' any standard of authority, but rely upon any fancy or idea that may chance first into their heads, They would' be considered worse than silly if, in passing judgment on Milton or Byron, they could not quote five lines of those author's correctly, and yet they cannot quote a verse of scripture'jor a versicle of the Creed as written., BjSt still they presume to sit in judgment on what God has, in his infinite wisdom, seen fit to reveal to man. and on what the Churohof Christ has by the Holy Ghost, set forth, as agreeable to the word of God, that we ought to believe. What is it that goes so against those who abuse this venerable standard of faith f Let us see what was said of it in. 1879 when the Convocation of Canterbury issued several proposals with regard to the amendment of the Rubrics. These following are the words of Convocation: "For the removal of doubt* and.toprerentdisquietude.; . . it is hereby solemnly declared: I. 'That the confession of Christian faith, commonly called the Creed of St. Athanasius, doth not make any addition to the faith as contained in Holy Scripture, biit warneth against errors which from time to time have arisen in the Church of Christ. 2. That as Holy Scripture in divers places doth promise life to them that believe, and declare the condemnation of them that believe not, sor doth the Church in this confession declare the necessity for all who would be in a state of salvation of holding fast the Catholic faith and the great peril of rejecting the same. Wherefore, the warnings of this Confession 1 of faith are to be understood no otherwise than the like warnings of Holy Scripture ; for we must receive God s tlireatenings, even as His promises, in such wise as they are generally set forth in Holy writ. Moreover, the Church doth not herein pronounoe judgement on any particular person or persons, God alone being the judge cf all.'" (Appendix ii, pp. 459, of Proctor on the Prayer Book.) It would be of vast importance to the opponents of tho Creed.if ;hey could produce any equally reliable authority to support their contention. But nowadays authority is the most objectionable word in the language to some. The Bible is authoritative, and so is God, and Christ, and the Church, and the faith, and to obtain the (gnitfatuis of so-called liberty and freedom of thought, they bind themselves in the chains of taejr QW» opinions and fetter themselves with ignttfance.' The opening words arc words of bitii. A tnan dare not expcct salvation excc)t as God has promised it. He has no right so try and Relieve that God is bound and c^ipelledJa, savc.liiin, even'if he denies tho Vord, the revelation, the truth of God. Now, the ,Creed compels no belief upon all, onty it.^fs : " If you wish to be saveg ypujmust bSBevc." As much' as to say, if yoi do pot wish to be saved you need not to believe, A man has no right on these meters to believe and reject just as his fancjy^ide&Jiim;, and then cxpect salvation anjf more tlan he has to expect life and yet eat bread and poison at hi8 "own free will. H&vingjhen; presumed that wo determine upon life -in both instances, wc must abide by aiihority in each. A truo bread for the body,t true faith for the soul, and the true faith (with regard to the Holy Trinity is as newspary as on any other point and this is exlctly what the Creed declares, because tin Bible teaches it. " There is none other Godbit one," There is the Unity. " There, arc Ihreo that bear record in Heaven, the FstLsr, the Word, and the 'Holy Ghost, an; t^ese three are one." There i(fc the . jfrinty in Unit}'. Again, Christ saicT: "Baptilbg them in the Name (Unity) of the Fatlierand of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost (Triiity.)" Aro we, therefore, to say it may be !o or may not be so when God's word (Logs) -revealed, declares it is so. Arguiflpjt ceases in the presence of such royaLaumSty,' Now this truth, though it must le bfljefed \cannot be explained. It is " inomprchensiblc," and justly so. As man wi are-tfro of a limited understanding only. !fe van have faith in that which wc cannot dmonsfrate; 'we exercise such faith daily. Yet faith is only objectionable to some when the Church oemands its exercise intho things relating to the infinitudes of Deitr. Is such a contention on their part reusoiiiitef Tlie^ them selves must confess it is not. Given an unalterable standard of, frith, .-the Bible. Given a revelation of.axod, as therein declared, is it conceivable to express any determination upon tho' suvject otherwise than that set forth ii tliii grand Creed P Take one expression only, the Eternity of God, and this will apply toall the rest. If the Three Divine persons be not equally eternal, itfollows that one nu&t; iiave been before the other dne.j This" s,clear, but we are met with this assertion, vhkh it is impossible to deny .and believe in God in any way. "The Lord our "God. is one Lord" (L>eut^vi-4), and afj tlic samdtime tbi6 truth stands out. " Unto thp Sov He (God the Father) saith, thy thronfiJW&l; is for ever and ever." (Heb. 3AlS^again, "lam Alpha and Omega, tlie Septining and the end, the ffrsfc and last." (Rev. xxii-13.) Further, the Spirit 1 is etern:!, for we read, that Jesus Christ " tliroujli the eternal Spirit offered himself withoit spot to God." (Heb. ix-14.) Here we fim the Trinity, I have shown you from tie standard of authority, accepted by the whole Catholic Church the certainty of th Creed on- one point only, and each of the others that follow are as clearly scriptunl. Now to be saved, or made safe, in ourfaith we " must thus think of the Trinity," ind that simply because so far authority has given no permission to think in any ether way. We cannot think of mathematics as we choose, nor of geology, nor physics, tor any science, neither have we a right to lctour opinions on theology run in any groove ve like. It is a science, the highest of all, aid demands the keenest and most accurate expressions based upon the text book} the classic of the science, the written Word of God. In closing let me speak plainly of-what are called the Damnatory clauses." No word is here used but the; Word of God. They arc not the words ofr'a human author, not put in at ha^hazaV^,' ! foivfliic is the Catholic faith. The whole creed is explanatory of many IriiiJin taught in'tl"» Holy. Word, and if we want <fpfiu;i«, dogmatic, decisive teaching, and' commands upon our faith, no one speaks so directly as Christ. If you will yourselves not to' believe, at least listen to the Son of God and Man, "He that heareth.you lieareth Me, and he that desuiseth you despiseth Me, and he that despiseth Me despiseth Him that sent Me. (St. Luke, x, 16.) St. Paul says " He therefore that despiseth (or rejectetliin each case) r despiseth not man but God" (i. Thesa., iv., 8.) Dare anyone here do (that? There is no provision m the case forlus for we know. Jesus said "He that believeth and is baptised shall be saved. He that believeth not shall be condemned." (St. Mark, xvL, 16.) Also in the Epistle to the Hebrews, x, 26, et. seq : "If we sin" (here the sin s}>oken of is unbelief) "After that we have received the knowledge of the truth, tiiere remaineth no more sacrifice for sins/but a fearful looking- for of-judgment an(i fiery indigna- tion, which shall ^6voiir the/adversaries," and in the same Epistle, chajii xi, 6, we learn "Without faith it is imppssjble to please God " What was the, cirttfe, ,of the most severe denunciations of Chnit .against the JcwsP Want of Faith in Hm. and for that He said " How can ye escape the damnation of hell" (St. Matt., xxiii., 33, and in the JLV. in the Sermon on the, jklount this is termed "the Hell of fire" (St Matt., v, 22:) Hence this Creed but assert* the words of Jesus Christ and the Hofy< Apostles by inspiration, "What shall w« say to these things?" See to your Faith'brethren, that it is founded on the Rock a^ " Hold fast the form of sound 