THE GOVERNOR'S STORY. (Copyright.) By GRANT ALLEN. Author of "Dick Prothero's Luck," "Maisie Bowman's Fate," &c.;, &c.; We were seated at dinner at Government House. It was a balmy West Indian even-<*> ing, and the cool sea breeze stole pleasantly in through the open arches of the veranda. Down the valley below great palm trees waved their eraosrul arms in the twilight before each paling fluat, and plantains whispered music to the low bum of the dnsweta, Within all was lamp-light, and flowers, and perfume.. A more delicious tropjeai nhjht I. oan hardly remember—a nftafet of soft (breaths, fatnt sounds, sweet odours. ■And the talk, too—the talk was most brttUant and interesting! Our host, the Governor. Sir Bvsrard Spenoe, is well known throughout Europe as the man of sofemne " par egoaellence" In English colonial service. His bronied and sun burnt Caoe, deep scarred with the lines of many early privations and self-sought hard ships, always rouses a ready cheer of wel come at the British -Association, and a generous greeting at the Royal Society " soiree." iHia knowledge of tropical beasts and birds, in particular, is probably un equalled among living Englishmen. He has spent ibfis days in ooneotfnff, observing, arranging, rtsssifytog ; and has been re warded anoordtasjy (by a crateful country with the ill-paid governorship of a fourth rate colony. Ttft a more dignified specimen of (Nature's own cenUemen you won't find in the world than the snowy htdred author of "I4fe and Its Origins." Us m* were lottsrtaig over our wine, carried away toy the charm of Hie Gover nor's conversation, a i»Uek servant came in With a scrap of paper foi Sir Ewrard. Our host took H in his spare hanJs and glanced at it carelessly. " Who is the man Thomas ?" he ask*l in his kladly way. And Thomas made answer wi.h a profound bow, " Him say him an unfortunate •Englishmen, sah ; dor»'t gat no work ; wish to speak with your Bxcillwu*/." The private secretary smllei a somewhat cynical smile. "In my experience of th«? West Indies," he said with a careless twirl of his waxed moustache, "iv* always found that an unfortunate Kajllshman means in vary plain words a drunken rqprolbate." But Sir Ehrerard rosa at once, and went out anxiously to the door. »An unfortunate Baglisbman in the tropics," he answered In a very slow voice as the went, " always enlists my profouiutasl sympathies. He may be drunken, of course; may be idle and disreputable—nost often be Is; but the question remains, even then—who or what has made hhn so ?" f.r^T..' Cte!f nio. r> lilwiy * tOJ «NWHn« to SF&L; £? ~ vate secr«tary went on as ta *? di«appear~l. ■.;,„., Qulxollc J n. . w*Jr> aon * T>u k»»ow ? Takes a Utopian v*«w of thing*.': • * " Better that than be a cynic," I answer ed, quietly, as I drained the teat drops of my strong Waok coffee ; for sT? EwSrd? personality always chained ami emKS At the end of a few' minutes the Governoj returned with a very sad face. -^Wade - he said to his secretary. » U ke thto^S. round to your rooms at once, please • mve K m 7*? 1 f°°d he want8' ■»« » •belter fS the night ; but, mind you, no liquor. Cap' tain Mortimer," to the aide-de- camp, "you can go with him if you like. Pearson "to me, ' I want half-an- hour's talk with you " Certainly, sir," I answered (you sir a colonial Governor every now and again exactly as If he were a disobedient man servant), and I lighted my cigarette, and composed myself to listen. The Governor paused and looked steadily at me for half-a-mlnute. " Pearson," he began at last, "did I ever tell you how 1 came to have ideas of my own about tramps in the tropics ?" "Why, no; I think not,' 1 I eald. gazing hard at the slim figure in the evening suit and Irreproachable tie, the very picture of a distinguished old colonial satrap. " Well, the wonder of it all is," he went on reflectively. " that I didn't take to drink myself, and go to the bad utterly. There wu a time. I believe, when only twenty- four hours stood between me and that poor, penniless creature there." " Indeed," I cried, gaeing still harder at the grand old head, and respecting him all the more for that candid avowal. " Yes, it'B true," the Governor went on musingly. " True every word of it. And this-is the way it all came about, if you don't think it egotistical in an old man to talk about it." "By no means," with a quiet smile, 1 answered ; " your reminiscences are always interesting." He glanced at me curiously. " Well, it's fifty years ago, now," he began, " since my brother Fred and I started on our expedition to the lower slopes of the Andes. Fred's Governor of North Australia at present, as you know ; and I—well, I'm here, at Port of France, as you see me ; but in those days we were a pair of young city clerks, without a friend or a penny, in a London office. However, even then, we haJ our heads stuff ed as full of ideas as an egg is full of meat; and we were determined to work out our great theories of life in our own pet way, if we gave the last drop of our blood to do it. Those were the days, you know, when new notions were in the air ; and Fred and I had . grand views of our own, which we teprang on the world at last in ' Life and its Origins.' We were as poor as church mice, to 1% sure, but we didn't mind for that ; between us we'd laid up a hundred pounds out of our Joint salaries, by saving here and scraping there, till we could wait no longer, and with the, hundred pounds we set off by ourselves to solve the.problems of the universe in the tropical forests. " It was a bold attempt, but, as Mill said . to one later, the result justified it. " Our central idea, as you know, was that -equatorial conditions had prevailed over the world till a very late date In geological ages; and, therefore, we said to ourselves, who* ever would investigate the origins of life must investigate them where the conditions are the same—in the equatorial region. So | off we set by ourselves, as blithe as two young bears, to look forth upon our theory from the slopes of the Andes. We thought a hundred pounds a lot of money in those days ; we expected it to last us an indefinite period. Still, for cheapness' sake, we took passage In a worn-out and ramshackled old slaver, the Don Pedro by name, from Bristol to Bahia ; and in due time, as you know, landed in South America «n°?i y"poMiwe 'to »v« £. giErsitX pn the game we •hot, and to rely for the fu ££*wJsd'ft °f ? Ur co»«c«onV wh£n we Entfan* * ln * aooJ round cum i» mm tut our poor little capital wmi fairly Wi than well when our (hip c«nu in •v we SW.KkVSI'SSL. 1* ■""' *"■■»"" "It took a long time, in those days to hit U. Pa, lH dOWn Co? ntry by the fl»t-bottomed boats ; nnd a long time, too, for a ship to sail f.om Braiil to London,-so it was niriy six **»"»• **** I heard acain from Fred; anj ««t from the negroes on oredlt—the credit of my promises, discounting our expected remit tance from Bosland. . i~«.«u man <J At last, one evening " (be drew his hand across nis brow, as if the recollection was too much for him), "I can remember it JI though It were yesterday, I was sitting at the door of my hut. skinning a new kind of monkey to add to my collection, when sud denly I heard a noise of slow footsteps through the wood, as of somebody coming vp along the trail, very tlr*d and wretched. I looked round. It was Frsj. He stood be fore me and gasped. He was footsore and worn, and pale as a ghost with horror. "' Why, iFred,' I cried, • how's this ? You don't mean to say you're alone ! Where's the provisions' ? the goods ? the ammunition? everyth'.rg ?' " He flung himself down on the ground, ready to drop where he stood with fatigue end despair. ' All' gone—all lost,' he gasped oul, ' every box, every can of them !" ' " ' Not Indians,' I cried in horror. ' Not Indiana, Fred, surely !' "' No, not Indians,' he answered, shaking bis head very hard. ' Worse than that. Far worse. The sea ! the sea ! Gone to the bot tom, my dear fellow —every man Jack of them.' "I ga?ed at him, horror-struck. " It was some time before I could get him compose! enough to tell ncf the whole ter rible truth a little more calmly.. For cheap ness' sake he had shipped our entire collec tion—our priceless beasts and birds, the labour of twelve months—in the crazy hull of that ramshackled Don Pedro ; and the Don Pedro bad gone down in an Atlantic cyclone, with our precious orchids and butter flies and sklna in her hold—the finest tropi cal museum ever gathered together. It was pitiable to think of all those wasted months, all that reckless destruction of almost unique npecimena. " ' Thank God, Fred,' I cried fervently a3 he finished hie story, ' our manuclcripts are safe! The knowledge and experience we've gained, at least, is left us. No one can take that away from us! We've got it in our hearts! It's our own for ever!' For already the materials for ' Life and its Origins' was in embryo in the forest. " Well, after this crushing blow we had to think of how we could begin work again, and pile up a second collection as good as the first one. Starvation fairly stared us in the face just then: it was a question of food, not merely of science. Fred had struggled in on foot, more dead than alive, and half faint with hunger. Our ammunition was gone; our credit broken. What could we do for our living? That was now the question. " We went to a neighbouring planter ln the nearest settlement—for we were camping out in the wilte, fifty miles from a houee-~ and put the thing plainly to him. : He was C kind-heart«d man, in hia way, as slave holders go, and he pitied our plight; though, like most Portuguese Americans, he hadn't the slightest idea what on earth we could want to go hunting beetles and weeds for. He didn't even understand what •clence meant. He regarded us as a couple of amiable but peculiar lunatics. Still, w« were white men, and he pitied our pligkt. 'I'll tell you what I'll do for you,' he said to us in Portuguese. • I'll take you upon my estates to work at the cocoa plantations.' "We deliberated together. It was a hard offer—negro's work, wholly unfit for Boro peans in that deadly climate. But it was (all we could get, and we managed it this ,way. Every second day Fred took hi* place on the estate, with the gong of slave*, and did his day'a labour, for a slave's ra (tions and a few pence as wages; while- I went out in the forest, as usual, collecting. Then, on the alternate days, I took my pice* in the gang, while Fred went off with his gun, after birda and monkeys. Jn this war we counted together as one man, and we lived between us on one slave's food, eked out with what little we could buy with oar dally wage, after keeping ourselves in am munition, and so forth. Talk about the •happy negro on the good massa's planta tion! I know what slavery means, Pear son, for to all intent* and purposes I've been a slave myself; and I tell you, it's damnable —nothing short of damnable. On Sundays and festas, however, we had a holiday to gether; and then we collected with all oar might and main, as it was the only time we could get out into the woods both at once, and in hunting two men abreast can do more in a day than one alone can effect in a fort' nlgnt. In the twilight, too, we made some •capital finds, I can tell you, and often we almost did ourselves oui of our night's rest inj order to make haste with our precious collection. " It took us eighteen months, all the same, under these altered circumstances, and with ill-made powder, to gather together what we had managed before in twelve. But at last with hard work our collection was ready, 'ajlmost as good a« the first, and in some '■respects rlcner. " Then the question arose, haw were we to get It to the eea and ship it to England * Fred was the strainer of th? two, and there were lots of b&xos.; So, in spite of h's prev ious misfortune, we deciJo-1 that he lnitat take charge cf it, with a friendly Indian to help him, and must see it of from Bahia in the usual fashion. I was to fctop behind, and work on the plaacAt'.on every day alike, in his absence, saving my wagac as far as I could, and then, when he returned, I was to «o on to Babia, with my catfh In my bands and await the arrival of our expected remittance, -while be In turn worked on upon the estate for a livelihood. " I can tell you it was a drear/ long ti.uo while Fred was away, and 1 ha 1 to toil and moil, all alone by myself, in that euKry climate, surrounlsd by n«g^ slaves wbo talked bad Portugiieso. and without a friend or aa equal of any ?brt n*ar lue. Some* times I almost despaired in the iot tropitttl noonday, working away under the fierce sun, with the rest of the gang by my side, and not a Christian aoul to say godspeed to me anywhere. The very negroes drapieed me for a ' mean white'—a " declasse" gentleman. Night after night I lay awake t>y myself, and half cried in my misery, and prayed for iFred to return, and thought of one face I bad left In England. That's iLady Spence's portrait as the looted la those days—not Lady Spence then, of course —tout it doesn't do hor any justice. t wondered whether I'J done right tc come •way from her like that, on a wild-goose chase for science' 3 sake, whoa I ought to hatve stopped at home ant cast up accounts; 4n toe city. ~~ "At last. however, tho«e terrible thr<«/ months passed away, ana Fred returned from the coast very weary anl ill, but ready to take my place, and relieve me from duty. v It was with a snklng heart I set off in my turn, though 1 was worn and tf L for I couldn't tear :o leave him behind i« such lonely slavery as f my*elf had endured those three months without h!<n. " I got to Bahia In due courae, with a few pounds In pocket, which so»n melted away as you can easily imagine, with the ex penses of life *n a clvili»9d city. I was waiting ifor tine mail to arrive from England bringing me in news, anJ I hoped, too, a remittance, from our London agents. Fred had reported well of our chances of succenv, for a German profes*>r, who happened to be at Bahia when he was sending them off. inspected the things before they went, sad was enchanted at the variety and value of our collection. We trusted our troubles would soon be over, and we might begin in real earnest collecting on our own account and making «he needful observations to complete our theory. •«"•» i« \- I "*>a3r _as ter day pawed, and the maK didn't arrive. Mails to Bouth America, ft those days, were very movable feast*. A week or two more or lew hardly astonished . aQy ***• B»t my money market w«2 getting remarkably ttght, and every twenty four hours to me was a Hfe-and-dWli "At last the mail came In, and with it a letter. I stood on the steps of the post office In my tattered up-country clothes, and tors it open eagerly. It was from our London agents. They had the honour to acknowledge tho receipt of our valuable collection, in very good order, and trusted to have an opportunity of submitting It. before long, in whole or in part, to the authorities at the British Museum, wbo would doubtless Ibe willing to pay a reason able price for it. "That was aU. iNo remittance, no in stalment, no sale even. Nothing at all had bean done. Only a vague hope of condition al promise. Heaven knew how long yet I might have to wait for my money. " And I was penniless, meanwhile, and starving ait Bahia." The dignified old man wipes hi B brow once more. Great drops stood on it visibly' ™7? O a Cl 1?o r hTm. remen*rance *» I*-: " How I ever got through the next three weeks, he went on, after a long deep pause, moistening his lips with coffee, "I don't know to this -day. I can't bear to look upon it. I took a room in a negro hut, by, pawning my last change of clothes, ■•*•» there I lived on, watching and waiting fotf another mail from Ikrouga thj^ day. I skulked ; in the evening I lounged offered me drinks in the saloon* —but never about the streets ; and men whose acquaint ance I'd picked up while I was in Bahia ■ay food—and I was starving—starving. Drink, drink, drink —but not a meal, or a mouthful. I hung round the market in the early morning, and picked up morsels of jam, or little bits of bread-fruit, or stale mangoes, that even the negroes rejected, or half-bad oranges, flung away into: the gutter. That was all I had to eat, and as to work o» money, none could be bad anywhere. To the Brazilians I was useless, because I spoke very little Portuguese, and tbat little picked HP from the slaves up country, and when 1 called upon the English merchants of the place, they surveyed me through their spec* taclM with very critical eyes—' An unfortu nate Sngttshman ! Drink, drink, no doubt Why, be smells of rum this minute, Jones. Sorry to say, my friend, we can do nothing for you.' •"So I hung around the saloons, with part of the manuscript of ' Life and its Origins' actually in my pocket—l with my scientific tastes and my philosophic yearnings—and took the rum strangers offered me, for very want of food, and because I was a great deal toe hungry and weak to refuse anything on earth -with a lump of sugar in it. Some* times I got a biscuit into the bargain as well, but that was rarely ; most often it was rum—rum, rum, alone—till I wonder at myself that I didn't sink offhand into a miserable drunkard. It was an awful time.. It makes my head ncel to recall ft.' " At last, one day, when-three weeks were pyer, and no English mail- to my knowledge had yet arrived, I stood in my ragged clothes and with my hungry face in a saloon in the town, when suddenly a man whom I knew came in, and looked at me steadily. "' Hullo, Spence,' he said with a little start of surprise, ' you look down in the mouth this morning. Cheer up, old fellow. The English mail's In, and there's money for you at the bank in the Rua do Com naercio.' " I stared at him in suspense. He was a practical joker. I knew his tricks well. I was afraid to believe him. Perhaps he didn't realise what a matter of life and death that mail was to me. Perhaps he was only trying, as be himself would have ■aid, to take a good rise out of me. "' You really mean it ?' I gasped out. ' You're in earnest, not hoaxing me ?' " ' Honour bright !' he answered, laugh ing. ' Take my davy on it any day. The cashier's a chum of mine; and he told me Just now, if I met Spence lounging about anywhere in the bars, to tell him there was money waiting for him straight out from Bngland.' "My fingers trembled. My knees shook. I went round in a fever to the Rua do Qonmarcio. When I reached the bank •544P4, I didn't dare to go in. My head feJMao with hunger, and rum, and despair. Bow dare I ask for money in such rags as these ? How dare I present myself, even, in a respectable counting-house ? I was ashamed to enter. " For ten minutes or more I stood there, in doubt, leaning up against the lintel, afraid to move ; then at last I plucked up courage to push open the door, and stagger to the counter. The cashier was an Eng lishman. ' Any money to my credit V I faltered out - with tremulous lips. < My name I 1» Spence. I'm expecting a remittance.' " • Certainly, sir,' he answered. • Mr. Bverard Spence : bilp'of exchange come in to-day for four hundred and fifty pounds thirteen shillings. To your order at sight. How will you take it V " I trembled like an aspen leaf. It was nothing to him. but to me it was light, life, deliverance. I sat down, and buried my face in my hands. I waS saved. Fred was saved. Four hundred and fifty pounds •eemed wealth untold. It was more than in our wildest dreams we'd ever dared to hope for. But ever since that day, I assure you, Pearson, I've always hair a very sympathetic feeling for unfortunate Bnglishmen who take to drink in the tropics." 