CHAPTER III, It was a wet, d'.'niBl night when Stephen traversed the cellars (there were three), carrying such comforts and necessities as he desired' to while away the hours, fie had been for bidden by Barbara to do anything more than think of the. cellars until after 10 at night, when the servants would be in an' upper story, and be had yielded to her commands, although he owned he would.have liked to have ghost,-v curse, and "all"over "by 10 o'clock, and be in ih upper 'story, too. ' Midnight hours are so confounded ly creepy,' he had remarked, and had pretended not to see Barbara's plain delight. At half-past eight he had taken her down Macquarie-street to | another doctor's house, where, ehe gave him to understand, she would be dancing " till all hours.*' It bad struck him, however, that for a house in the throeB of festivity, the one at whiieb he left his adopted oousin looked gloomy and poorly lit. He assisted ber from the cab, carried her fan and cloak, and delivered her over to a housemaid. At 10 he was smiling in the dark ness of his bedroom doorway. For on his way from the room he had heard a subdued whisper,, and:had stepped bsok. And there had aped, past him a small flying figure in white;. a tip toeing figure, laughing giddily, and carrying fan, gloves, and cloak. At 11 Stephen waa installed in the cellar. He bad a lounge chair, a atretoh of carpet, a deoantsr and blsonlt-barrel, a supply of tobacco, cigars, and a book—and a sword and' revolver. At half-past the ghost came. There wae a olanklng of ohaine and a low, moaning and sigh lng to usher her in (the wasaoon viot ghoet, with an undying grievance against every male, Dale); Stephen started at the first clank of Uie chain, and pressed hie hands Over hie eyes, The ghoat cameon. Hsr moans were r- .• •• s -.-ib •• jt - a - Hr str " • si1* • lb'w.the clank of her* chain on the •tone floor was horrible, and by the time ehe had crossed the first cellar and eteod within the doorway sounds as of oorsiog could be heard. At least Stephen supposed it to be curs ing. He est there, a pitiable enough object, huddled up in his chair, hie hands orer his eyes, his breath com ing in audible gasps. The ghoet came on. She slid within the door way and along the wall, keeping away from the small circle of light the candle made, and yet advancing nearer and nearer towards Stephen. , As if unable to bear the strain of thiogs longer,'Stephen sprang to his feet and made a rush to the door. The ghost clanked after him, moan ing, but paused when he reaohed the I door, because he also had paused. He had stretched his arm into outer darkness, and now drew to, and olosed, a door which had never bssn there until that night. He looked it, then turned and faoed the ghoet oaltnly—euoh a little ghost, suoh a ghastly email faoe, Ut by great shin, ing eyes—a ghost with a hood on her head and a garment of grey trailing on the ground. The ohain hung from her wrists, He faeed her sternly. ' Madam,' he said,1 What does this mean P' She cowered towards the wall, and raised her arms threateningly. He, with a slight movement, passed bis hand behind him and brought from the table both revolver and sword. 'My curse—my curse,' ehe began in a sing-song way, when his eyes fell on his weapons, andsshe began to tremble. Remove tby curse, oh einfnl woman, from off the Dales, or 1 poll this trigger,' ordered Stephen, The ghost hesitated, and his hand moved, ' The—the curse—is—gone,' falto ed the ghost. Stephen sir®4 . . "* his arm, and the - - f ."'t onJ lav m • point of the sword , ° sQoet's shoulder. ■ itemove thy hatred,' said Stephen, ' and—and let it give place to love.' It was certainly a very peculiar order to give to a ghost, but be de livered it tenderly and smilingly. The ghost covered up her face. ' I —I hate you,' ehe said. «You have found me out. I hate you.' Stephen threw down both sword and revolver, and stretched out his arms. ' Ghost Barbara, what bare I done to earn eo deep a hatred ?' ' You—you look down' on me be Okusq I'm not a Dale,1 she said. * I want to make yon one!' •Yon have never made me a friend -you have always treated me as if I, were a child,' she said, and held her bead high. • I would rather die than marry you.' ' Gome and sit down,' said Stephen, «and I will tell you a story—shall I ?' She nodded, half-elated, half nervous, and sat down on his lounge chair. • I have never told you about my ton yeara in the Sonth Seas because you seemed a little girl to me. But I had tbem, all the same. Out there there wae the moBt beautiful woman I ever saw.' Barbara Btarted to her feet. Her eyes were very wide open, «Yon loved her,' ehe said. Stephen nodded. •You—-you married her,' ehe added, •Imarried her,' said Stephen. The girl's chest heaved. 'And She died three months after,' added the man. «Killed by the jealousy of another women.' 'Another woman loved youf eohoed Bsrbera. Stephen nodded, ' And what did ehe do P asked the girl, 'Browned herself.' ▼oioe8*8 8&dneBS; in hIs ®y®8 ®nd The little ghost crossed the cellar 8h® pipped her erm through hie, and looked Into his faoe. • Poor old Stephen,' she whispered, 11—I beg your pardon.' ' What for, little girl (' ' I did not think yon had been living. I—I—I thought you were a dreamer. And two women have died for love of yon P* She robbed her cheek on bis sleeve. You're sure they're both deadf •Dead, my darling, these nine years,' She raised her faoa. ' And you love little me P I am only twenty, and very silly.' j «I want jou just ae you are, little girl, and I want to carry you over the world and efaow you things.' 'But—we won't go where those other women were,', she said. 