. ' ? ; ? : ? * ? I was spending the winter in Washington — whither my husband's business had called him — accompanied by Ethel Vane, a highly-valued friend. I wish I could describe Ethel as she appeared to me on that sunshiny January morning as we sat alone in our pleasant parlour at the ? Hotel. There was a charm — a certain something in her very look and motion which increased my admiration and love of her, and yet I could not tell what it was ; and anyone might have seen that she was beautiful, graceful, and accomplished ; and yet it was none of these that imparted that strange charm to her man ner, nor was it in the warm-hearted affection that shone forth in all her intercourse with me. It might have been these all combined. I cannot say, but cer tain it was that nowhere, amid all the circle of my acquaintances, was there one who would in any way compare with my peerless Ethel, And wherever she moved society accorded her the same homage which my heart gave her. No doubt her known wealth increased the world's admiration, and the mystery which enveloped her past life among us for the past five years, no one — not even her most inti mate friends— -knew aught concerning the past. There was a report she had been an inmate o£ an insane asylum, but the truth of it no one knew. I sometimes thought it might have been so, and it was that which occasioned the deep melancholy which at times settled upon her, and gave the look of deep sorrow to her beautiful dark eyeB. She seemed to avoid all mention of the past, and intimate as we had been for years, I had never ven tured to allude to it in her hearing. One thing which puzzled me more than anything else was her persistent refusal of every offer of mar riage which she received. With the naturally af fectionate disposition which I knew she possessed, and her evident enjoyment of the pleasures of do mestic life, it seemed very singular that she had never married. Many advantageous offers I knew she had received, and from circumstances connected with her refusal of them I became convinced that there was some deeper cause than mere fancy for it. It was of this that I was thinking on that morn ing as I lay on the sofa watching her as she worked away busily on the same piece of fancy work. She was unaware of my scrutiny, and I saw with a feel ing of pain, the ol 1, . sorrowful look in her dark eyes. 11 Ethel,' I- said at last, ' do lay aside that tire flome work and come here and talk to me.' The shadow fled from her eyes, and taking a vacant seat beside me, she said with a quiet smile— 'I obey with pleasure, dear Edith, only tell me what the subject shall be ?' 11 Yourself, Ethel ; tell me of yourself,' I said earnestly. ? 11 A dull subject I am afraid you will find it ; but what shall I tell you of myself ?' ' Why will you not marry ?' ' Perhaps no one cares enough for me to ask me to marry them,' was her answer with the same quiet smile. 'Nonsense, Ethel,' I said half-impatiently. 'You have refused more offers than any other wo man of my acquaintance. There is Colonel Danton, now— rich, talented, and handsome, and everyone says desperately in love with you— surely you could . not ask for a better husband?' I regretted in a moment having spoken so, for the shadow returned to her eyes, and a look of in tense pain passed over her face as she hurriedly answered — '0, Edith, if I only dared to tell you the events of my past life you would know how utterly impossible it is for me ever to marry, and, least of all, Colonel Danton.' 'And why do you not dare to tell me, dear Ethel ?' I asked, winding my arm about her and drawing her nearer to me. ' Surely you have no thing to tell me but what I should sympathize with and love you all the more for the deep sorrow you seem to have known.' ' Edith,' she said firmly, turning her eyes full upon my face, ' there are scenes in my past life of which I have never spoken, and which, if known to the world) would brand my name with everlasting: disgrace. I know what you would say, Edith,' she continued, as I was about to speak, ' I know how impossible all this appears to you. yet it is true, and even you, with all your love, will, I fear, turn from me when you know all ; yet I will tell you, for I have carried this secret for so many years that it would be a relief to me to tell it to a true friend, such as I know you to be, even if I forfeited that friendship by so doing.' ?'Never fear that, dear Ethel,' I Baid earnestly. ' Whatever this sad story may be, rest assured it can never change my friendship, for it is founded on what you have been to me since I knew you, and no matter what your past life may have been, it cannot affect my feelings towards you.' ' Thank you for your kind wishes, Edith,' she said with deep feeling. ' I hope you may say the same when you know all.' ? Then drawing an ottoman to her feet, and lean ing back in her easy chair, she commenced — ' You must know in the first place, Edith, thafc I have not always been the possessor of wealth ; on the contrary, ray parents were what you would call poor, although in the quiet neighbourhood in which, they lived they were considered in verv comfortable circumstances. All that they Gould really spare was devoted to my education, so that upon my return. from the seminary where I had been graduated I willingly accepted the offer oil a situation as assis tant teacher in a select school some few miles from, home. I had acquaintances— a young lawyer named Arthur Danton and his wife — who lived near the school, and with whom I boarded; and as my duties, were light I enjoyed the situation very much. ' During my first term there I became acquainted with Arthur's younger brother. Our intimacy soon ripened into love, and upon my return home at the close of the term we were formally betrothed, with the consent of my parents. You know something of my nature, Edith, and can judge that when I loved at all how deep and absorbing that affection must have been. All the wealth of affection I be stowed on Ernest Danton, and received the same in return. The next term of school passed pleasantly. There was not in the world a happier mortal than I was at that time. No cloud obscured my happiness . but they came only too soon, ' Upon my return home at the close of my second term of school I fancied there was some constraint in my parents' greeting, but being unable to account for it I allowed it to pass unnoticed, But I learned the cause when, a few days later, Ernest came, and was told by my father that from henceforth his visits to me must cease, and the engagement between us be immediately broken, as he would never con sent that a daughter of his should marry a man of disreputable character. 'In vain Ernest asked for an explanation ; my father sternly refused to give one, merely saying that from circustances which had recently eome to his knowledge he considered him unfit to become my husband, and he desired him in future never to enter his house or seek in any way to hold commu nication with me. 'I was not present during the interview, and Earnest desired to see me, but my father refused, telling him it was useless, for as soon as he informed me of the circnuistances to which he had referred I would coincide with him, and it would be better to part without further words. ' Utterly astounded at what he had heard and unable to imagine what it meant, Ernest left the house, assuring my father that he should by some means obtain an interview with me unless I desired' him not to. You may imagine my feelings when this was communicated to me, together with the reasons for it, for there was no attempt made to conceal from me the circumstances so sternly with held from Ernest. 'My heart grew sick and my brain well-nigh crazed as they were unfolded to me, I cannot think of them calmly even now after half-a-score of years have passed. How anyone save a fiend from the infernal regions could have invented such shameful, dis graceful stories is more than I can tell ; but some demon in human guise had repeated to my parents what it would blister my tongue to speak, and which blackened and blasted Ernest Danton's character until he stood forth an object too degraded for the respect of any decent person. Had not my love for and confidence to him been a part of my very life, they would have been uttely destroyed by those cunningly- contrived falsehoods. Yet as confident as I was of his innocence I could not prove even the least of them false. ' My parents utterly refused to give the name of their informant, only assuring me that it was a per son of unbounded veracity. That it was someone intimately acquainted with every circumstance of his private life I could not doubt, for slight circum stances, of importance in themselves, but which I knew had actually occured, were so artfully inter woven with a tissue of falsehood as to make it all appear true, and every attempt at vindication only made him appear, the more consummate hypocrite and villain. ?' Earnestly I entreated my father to make known to Ernest these reports, together with his infor mant's name, and thereby give him the opportunity to defend himself from such charges, but he firmly refused, for, believing them to be tiue, 'he con sidered it utterly unnecessary,' he said, ' to give ?him the opportunity of adding falsehood to his al ready sufficiently disgraceful conduct.' 'In vain I urged and entreated ; he utterly re fused to have anything further to do with him and forbade my doing so. If he really believed, as he professed to, that all this was true, I could not blame him for doing as he did ; but believing Ernest entirely innocent I could not conscientiously do differently from what I did, which was to refuse to break my engagement with him until some further proof was brought ' Ernest, true to his promise, found means' to ob tain an interview with me, and. I communicated to him all I had learned regarding the unhappy cause of our separation. As much astonished as I had been, he could only deny the charges, utterly un abi 'o prove their falsity until he could learn the name of his calumniator. Vainly he endeavoured to gain some ; clue, but in all the circle of his ac quaintances there was not one to whom he thought would have dared to lay so vile a charge. ' He sought my father and demanded the name of hia traducer, but he was refused as before, and told that the beat course for him to pursue was to let the subject drop altogether, for making it public would only ruin his character, without aiding him in the least. This he would not do, but after two weeks of unavailing effort he determined to join a party then forming for California, hoping that a year's absence wonld change my father's feelings. ' In less than a week his business had been has tily settled, and he had set sail for the land of gold. ' Two weeks from the day of his departure the paper brought me the news of the wrecking of the vessel, and his name was amongst the list of the passengers lost. . . 'I believe I must have been mad from that hour, for in no other manner can I account for the sad ctuw »T»iitii luuuweu. uxy i timer, many wn science-stricken at Ernest's sad death, at last dis closed his traducer's name ; and what was my hor ror at hearing it was Lucy Danton, his own brother's wife ! I remembered then of her paying them a visit only a few weeks prior to my return home, but little did I think at the time of the irreparable mis chief she had done me. ' No wonder, knowing her near relationship to Ernest, my father had implicitly believed her false hoods ! I do not say she invented them, but when she repeated them with her own false colouring she must have known, if she stopped to think at all, that they were false. Had my parents understood Lucy Danton's character as well as I did they might have doubted her statements, but as it was, their believing them had accomplished more than she in tended. 'Knowing, as I did, that she was an inveterate gossip, who spared not even her best friends, I un derstood it all. She had heard from some evil minded persons suspicions repeated of probably the foundation of these reports, and with her natural love of slander she had caught up, and enlarged, and added to them circumstances which she knew to be true, until the opportunity offered, when she poured the whole vile libel into my mother's ear, of course with many protestations that it was only for my sake ; and exacting the promise that her name should never be disclosed. ' I do not think she thought of the terrible mis chief she was doing, but for all that I felt that, in the sight of God, she was Ernest's murderer, and the most terrible thoughts of revenge filled my brain day and night after it became known to me. With the same intense earnestness with which I had loved the dead, did I now hate the living ; and to wreck her happiness — to make her suffer something of the terrible sorrow she had caused me, was all I cared to live for. To accomplish this I must strike her through the affections, but how to do this was for a long time my anxious study. ' With all her faults she loved her husband deeply, but I could never believe that he returned it in like manner, and there was ever, it appeared to me, a jealous feeling on her part lest she should lose him altogether. This suggested a means of revenge. I knew if I could lead her to think her husband's love entirely lost to her and bestowed upon another, it would cause her more sorrow than it was possible to inflict in any other manner. I shudder even now at my coolly-laid plan&. ' I know how despicable revenge is in any person, and how much more'sb in a woman ; but the injus tice and wrong done Ernest had changed me from a gentle, loving girl to a bitter, revengeful woman, and so much had I dwelt upon the subject that my ideas of right and wrong had become so warped that I believed my revenge only justice. Ob, if I then had only remembered Him who hath said, ' Ven geance is Mine, I will repay !' how much of remorse it might have saved me. ' The time finally arrived, and I returned once more to my duties. My parents were greatly sur prised at my intention of returning to my old home at Arthur's, but as I had carefully concealed my feelings, they believed that in my sorrow for my loss I had forgotten Lucy's connection with it. It was as well, for had they known all, they could not have prevented my accomplishing my purpose. ? 'I was met by both Arthur and his wife with a .hearty welcome and words of tender sympathy. Arthur's I knew were sincere, butlTucy's — now my heart throbbed with hatred at sight of her ; but I concealed my feelingp, and met her as pleasantly as if I felt the same friendship as when we parted. And through the next three months I acted that lie — smiling and speaking pleasant words, while ever between us was my murdered Ernest and my bitter hatred of her. Whether she knew the result of her shameful slander beyond what she must have mistrusted, I never knew, for I could learn no more from her manner than she could from mine. ?? My plans were easily carried into effect, for, as I said before, there was very little love on Arthur's part for his wife; not but that he was a kind husband, ever considerate of her slightest wish, but there was no congeniality between them ; she did not possess cultivation or even intellectual ability sufficient to understand or sympathize with him in his pursuits and pleasures. I had known all this before, but now I intended to use this knowledge for my own purpose. ' I first commenced to speak of his business, gradually drawing him into the conversation, until at last he came to speak of its most minute details, as if I had been a brother lawyer, whose opinion was of the utmost importance, From business I led him to literature, music, and the fine arts, my ready sympathy ,.; and quick comprehension of all his views adding greatly to the pleasure of conversation, and on these topics, all of which was done in such a manner that neither of them saw any effort on my part to either entertain or amuse him. It is unnecessary to dwell upon the details'; suffice it that my purpose was fully accomplished, I saw Lucy's face grow more pale and troubled every day, and at heart I rejoiced over the agony I knew she must endure, but no word escaped her ; she was too proud to acknowledge even to her husband that she believed he loved another. 'The last month dragged wearily on, and I was thankful when the time arrived for school to close. I refused to enter into an engagement for another term. I was sick of my revenge ; all that I wanted was to speak freely to Lucy Danton, and then leave the place for ever. School was closed and the last night of my stay arrived. Full of sad and bitter thoughts I had wandered out upon the piazza. It was a beautiful summer night, and the moon shed a clear, soft light over all surrounding objects, but I saw nothing of the beauty around me, I was only thinking of the bitter past, and the sad, sad, future. A sudden movement near me caused me to turn my head, and I saw Arthur leaning against one of the pillars. ^ I turned to re-enter the house— for I had no desire to converse with him then — when his voice arrested me. ' Ethel,' he said. ' is it ti-ue that you are not to return here again ? ' ' Yes, I am tired of the situation,' I answered ; I think I have stayed here long enough.' _ ?? Too long ! altogether too long,' he repeated bitterly. Then coming to my side and speaking in strange, vehement tones, he continued : 'Ethel Vane, do you know it would have been better for us had we never met? Had it not been for these past few months I might have gone through life deceiving myself into the belief that I was happy, but you have undeceived me ; I have awakened to the knowledge that I am chained for life to a woman I cannot love — with whom I have not even one feeling in. common — and that I love madly, passionately, one I can never hope^to call mine. Do you know it, Ethel? Do you know I love you better than I ever believed it possible for man to love ? No wonder you shrink in horror at the thought that I, the husband of another, dare to love you, and dare to tell you so ? Tell me, Ethel, is it true, or have I wilfully deceived myself into believing that you loved me also ! ' ' I had. tried in vain to check him, and now filled with shame and remorse, I could scarcely find words to answer, but the old feeling of bitterness ! arose again, and with rapid utterance I poured forth all the story of the past, the wrong I had suffered, the sorrow I had endured, all my bitter hatred and inglorious revenge. ' ' May God forgive me, Arthur, the great wrong I have done you ! ' I said sadly, at its conclusion, all the bitterness of my heart dying out at sight of his agonized face. I never dreamed it could come to this. I see now all the hideousness of the crime I have committed, and I would willingly give my life could I undo it ! Forgive me, and forget that we ever met as soon as I cross your threshold.' ^ ' Ethel ! oh, Ethel !' he groaned, ' would to God I had died ere this came to my knowledge ! I have been mad, worse than mad ! But it is too late to remedy it now, for, Ethel Vane, I must, I will say it. I would give all I am, all I ever hope to be, could I honourably win your love ! I—' ' A deep groan, the fall of some heavy body interrupted him. I started in terror, but as a sud den thought struck me, I sprang to the parlour window, which opened on the piazza. As I ex pected, the mopnlight revealed Lucy Danton, lying cold and lifeless on the floor. She had overheard our conversation and fainted, sol thought ; but as Arthur sprang through the low window and lifted her from the floor, the truth was revealed — she was dead. 'O God! was I not fearfully avenged? Never to my dying day shall I forget the agonizing horror and remorse of that hour ! What followed I re member only as some terrible dream. I have a faint remembrance of the family physician pro nouncing the cause of her death a sudden attack of heart disease, to which for years she had been sub ject. I know there was a funeral, where every word of the man of God fell like drops of molten lead on my heart, and every blessing seemed like the curse of God to my soul. I know I begged to be taken home as soon as it was over, and my parting with Arthur seemed stamped in characters of fire to my memory. His white, agonized face, the deep lines of P.arfi and cnrrnw nn t.Tifi hrnarl 'hrnxw. nnt\ tha threads of silver amid his hair, betrayed the suffer ing of the past forty- eight hours ; it sent a keener pang of agony to my heart as I thought it was all my work. ' Would to God I had died ere I wrecked your happiness thus,'* I said bitterly, as he- bade me goo-j-bye. 'In years to come strive to forgive me* I have wronged you too deeply to ask it now.' 'How I reached home I never knew, for all from that time until I recovered my reason, more than two years after, in an insane asylum, is a blank. What transpired during that interval I afterwards learned from my friends. I was delirious the first night of my arrival, and the physician, hastily sum moned, pronounced it a violent attack of brain fever'. For weeks I lingered on the verge of tl e grave, but health at last returned, but reason ms gone many feared for ever. 'During my sickness Arthur closed his business, sold his property, and removed to the West. Previ ous to his departure he called upon me, but there was ' no reason to recognize him, and I only called wildly upon Ernest, refusing to speak any other name. And thus during all my insanity my poor ,- cracked lips jealously guarded my sad secret, only speaking of my great sorrow at Ernest's death, and this they all believed the cause of it. 'My father and mother were bjth dead when I recovered my reason, and I was.alqne in the world, witfr the exception of an aged relative, who, widowed and childless, gladly took me to her home and heart, and at her death a year after left rce heiress of all her wealth. 'For two years I lived in utter seclusion, until my deep and unavailing sorrow over my doubly darkened life had nearly brought me to my old home in the asylum, and to save myself from it I at last came to New York and mingled' with the world, but I have little peace, for the haunting ghost of the past ever comes between me and every hope of happiness. Arthur Danton I never saw again, until we met him a few weeks ago here in Washington.' 'What,' I asked in surprise, ' is the Colonel Danton of our acquaintance the Arthur of whom you have been speaking ?' for in my interest in her story 1 had not before thought of the singularity of name. 'Certainly he has been practising law in Cincin natti since then, where he met with much success, but at the breaking-out of the rebellion he left his business and entered the army. He is here now only for a short time on official business. Do you wonder now that I should say I could never marry him or even marry at all ? I should fear if I did that the retributive justice of Heaven would mete but to me the same measure of sorrow I gave to others.' The strange story was ended, and what could I say ? Not that I loved my poor, suffering Ethel less, but, on the contrary, my love for her grew with my sympathy for the blasted hopes of her young life. She had sinned deeply, and as a wife I could not look lightly on that sin, yet if the deep wrong which half-maddened and tempted her to it - was no palliation, I could net but feel that the long years of sorrow and repentance had, in a measure, atoned for it ; and I could not but believe it for given of God ; and so. I told her, with many words of earnest love an d sympathy. Ethel has been more cheerful since that morning, and I hope yet to see her a happy wife, but when I speak of it she only smiles sadly, and answers, 'Never!' Sometimes when I see Colonel Danton, with h)fl dark lockB threaded with silver, and his noble brow penciled with lines of care, and I know that years of unavailing sorrow and remorse have planted them tbere, I glance irom him to Ethel, wishing it might be yet not daring to breathe that wish. But I still hope and pray, that in God's good time those two hearts who have sinned and suffered may yet enjoy peace and happiness, even on this side of the river ! 