DIOCESAN FESTIVA!,. ' A. BBTIAIANT FUNCTION. UISTINßTJISUKD ASSEMBLAGE. ' j [From the Armidale Chronicle.] ?Wednesday last will long live as a memorable day in the annals of New England's history, witnessing, as it did, the opening of the important educational establishment known as St. John's Theo- logical College. The quaint and substan- tially-built structure which forms the College, situated on a gentle eminence to the south-west, overlooking the Cathedral city, was the scene of considerable anima- tion, bustle and excitement, on the afternoon mentioned, for Armidale residents, together with persons from various parts of this and adjoining districts, assembled in very large numbers to witness the interesting cere- mony. The people congregated in the library^ of the institution, and on the adjoining balconade. The following prelates filed into the building, succeeded by the staif bearer:-Archbishop of Sydney, Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, Bishop of Ballarat, Bishop of Newcastle, Bishop Stretch, Archdeacon Boss, Canon Pritchard, Arch- deacon Lewis, Canon Souter, Canon King, " and others. After the opening hymn and ~ prayers, the Primate formally dedicated the College. The Bishop of Grafton and Armi- dale read a statement, which showed that , the college owed its origin to a liberal grant of *1000 by the S.P.G,, from the Marriott bequest, towards making provision for the training of candidates for Holy Orders. The Synod of 1S9S appointed a committee to raise toe additional £1500 required, and to carry ' out the erection of the building. The ' greater part of the sum required had been raised, but as the cost of the building bad , been increased to £2000 by reason of certain alterations in the original design, about £100 would he required to discharge all obliga- tions. The committee expressed its appre- ciation of the widespread sympathy manifested, every parish in the Diocese having contributed to the cost. The ..committee wished to add that tho College , was not. intended aa a movement in any ' way antagonistic to the theological insti- tutions of Melbourne, Sydney and Adelaide. The curriculum was to be similar to that Erescribed for the, examinations for K.L. y the Australian College of Theology, The Primate congratulated the Bishop on ? the possession of the building. He rejoiced, and so did his Right Rev. brethren, to know ... that Bishop Green had found opportunity . and ability to establish an outpost Theo- logical College in the diocese. In the work of training ministers they should combine personal and individual effort with social and mutual brotherhood and guidance. A large and fashionable gathering.assem- bled at the Town Hall.in the evening, where . a couple of hours, full of interest, were spent. Bishop Green presided, and tendered .-? a cordial welcome to the visiting Prelates. . The Archbishop said that he was very : glad to be present at the inauguration of the Diocesan Festival, because it was the . first function of its kind ever held In the Diocese, and it had certainly been most : auspiciously, begun. A Diocesan .Festival was that which belonged to the Diocese, and yet, as. they saw, drew", from other Dioceses sympathy with the particular \- Diocese in which it was held. The presence -' of those-whom they had welcomed betokened inter-Diocesan sympathy. , In his sermon at the Communion Service Bishop Stretch .' struck the key note of thanksgiving when he reminded them that the Festival was an humble and ennobling duty. He wished to add that it was also the hand of fellowship fellowship in the gospel, in churchwork, and in the Holy Ghost. The object of the Festival was ? to strengthen spiritual unity, in the common, though diversified work. They wanted to stimulate the sympathetic feeling between Diocese and Diocese. They . should help, to bear one another's burden's, and work with the idea of helping forward one another in the future. If they were to hove true fellowship and smypatby they should blend ideas-each man bad a work ? to do for good which nobody else had. Let the festival be one in which they recognised the principle of working together for the general good. ; .The. Theological College was u sign ot progress, and he hoped that in, tho future it would be a centre of useful and definite religious training, for tho mainten- ance of christian ideas,'worship, and work. . His earnest wish was that God would keep it from narrowness and vagueness, and make it useful for the religious training of many in the Diocese,' .In religious work they . should , pull strongly and unitedly, 1 and . good results would; follow. The clergy and laity should work together, one was helpless wltnout the other, and not forget that, the work was. being dono in other places, and that all different parts, of the work formed one work, in which they all sympathised and helped. The Bishop of Ballarat made a most inter- esting speech. It was effervescent with humour, throughout, ' was punctuated with pithy points at frequent intervals, and had . u decidedly enlivening effect on the large audience. He bad known both of their previous Bishops ; but the third, he knew him bust of all, having' seen him graduate from the Archdeacons! chair, of Ballarat to the Episcopal throne of Grafton and Armi- dale. The merest utterauce pf commonplace gratitude prompted him to say, that he had never had a better. officer than Archdeacon Green. They, all knew perfectly well what sort of a Bishop lie had turned out. The last thing their Bishop vyould do would be to ask brother Bishops to pay him compliments ; to 'him that would be'the most: nauseous thing they could do, but he (the speaker) bad been prompted to say a few words which he hoped would not wound the Bishop s self importance - no, his modesty, he .meant. The visiting Bishops were thereto manifest that interest and sympathy was felt by sister Dioceses in the work of the Church, \- they, under tho leadership of the Bishop, were carrying on. They- had great joy and satisfaction at learning ' that tho Church people were more and more responding to tho vigorous guidance from him whom God had placed to grapple with the difficulties with . which they were surrounded. His desire was that God' would bestow health and strength to keep the Bishop in hie arduous labour, and that he would prospet ' in his endeavors for the advancement of the ''Kingdom of God in the hearts and livos bl . the people who dwelt on this great, import- ant and prominent part of the grand and ^ prosperous colony of N.'S, Wales. The ' clergy and laity required each others help.! they were the four wheels between which the car of the Church of.Christ rolled for '. ward. He hoped they would forgive thal extravagant metaphor, somtimes he allowed those sort of things out. without propel consideration. .' The Bishop of Newcastle also delivered ar interesting address. He was glad to be dost s-ta the Bishop who had passed through sc many difficulties, and who,, they could soe had not a grey hair lu his head nor < furrow-plough on his brow, neither bad hi: cheeks bleached white. Tho success whlcl had nttended tho Bishop's work in tlx DIoceso showed his pluck, .energy ant i jndoniitnblo spirit, nnd the opening of thi College was to be rejoiced over by all inter ested In Church progress. Other Diocese; would rejoice, because the College woulc prove beneficial to the work carried or . within their boundaries. Hcwas.sure thal the Armidale Cathedral was the centre, o life ; anyway, if they wanted to get rid of it Newcastle was prepared to accept anything . in the way of-spare Cathedrals. The greai difficulty with the Bishops was to procuri suitable men ; If tho right class of men coule ' bo 'obtained and trained, the work of tin Church would be certain to progress. Hi asked God's blessing on the Church work ir ? Armidale. He believed that the Church o England was the Church for tho people, ant that lt exactly met the people's needs. Bishop Stretch said he could tell them thai the College just opened was the second ir which tie had been concerned in. St. John'i College was being opened under favourabli auspices, and he hoped that the work woulc , have a deep effect on Church lifo throughou! alie colony. . Canon Pritchard-looked on the establish ' -nient nf the College as a marked event in thi Church in Australia ¡ lt would tend to pro mote unity and the welfare of the wort throughout the-country. ??? 