MISFORTUNE NEVER COMES ALONE. HEALTH BETTER THAN ' WEALTH. / v DEATH MAKES A DOlini/E SVT* TACK, BT'T i.S FOI^ED-BY DOJWS KIDXEV PILLS. V'' ; -" • 7 While hi tlip best of benltlj it is rfskyr— 1o expioiv (In' crazy and rottea workings of au abandoned mine. When tlic eyes arc damned with disease and the mut'cles conlractcd with pain it is indeed dangerous to grope amongst the murky drives iijut the subterranean eli.'Hiiliers which the superstitious people will] ilie phantoms of their excited fancy, Many an old mine in tills colony b.is '.lie refutation of being hanniod by the ghosts of its victims. The most likely wraith to meet, in them, however, is the spectre of death, as the following Will snow :-— "Orange Gardens, Maryborough, "14th October, 1898. " The Dodds Medicine Co.,— " Up till two mouths ago my health was very unsatisfactory. I had rheumatic pains 111 the back and legs, which grew worse. While engaged with a mate exploring au abandoned mine at Mariner's Reef for gold 1 caught cold, and had the misfortune to meet with au accident. I fell 30 feet down the shaft, narrowly escaping death, and meeting with severe injuries to the bnelt and head. This, coming ou my former ill-health, prostrated me altogether. At this time u friend brought uie two boxes of Dodd's Kidney Pills, which 1 took and continued. They have effected a wonderful change. Am now in the best of health, and grateful for the good done me.—Tours, "ALBERT JONES." Had Mr. .Tones taken Dodd's Kidney Pills before examining the old mine, he might, have been saved the accident. With braced muscles and alert eyes, which are the index of •health, the slip "which precipitated •him down the shaft would not have •happened. ±1' lie lias not yet got the gold lie sought he has obtained something Infinitely better in the shape of good health.- Price, 2s (id box, or six boxes for fourteen shillings and sixpence. I'\>r sale by all medicine dealers, or will be mailed fpost fr<jp) ou receipt of price. The Dodds Medicine Co., Melbourne. 