m EXTRA HAP. ??? '' ,-. ? ?? ? - — '-+-^ ? ?.'/ Parti. (.By Ernest Favene.) ?-.?:_??,,-'?. , ? ID you ever hear the ., ' ? very interesting.' ; No more it did, being all sand, save a melan choly growth of stunted bushes on the highest point, and the skeleton frame-work of what had been once a drying shed for beehede tmer. . 'Thought you might have heard about it, as .you've been up and down the coast pretty : often., .Why, the yarn is that whenever a boat passgs there, about midnight— any sort of boat, from a first- class steamer to a dingey— an extra man is found on board. He comes ? aboard jtist before reaching the island, and after passing ft 'a mile or two he jumps over board and disappears.' 'Good old legend,' I said. 'I've never seen him myself,' went on the chief, 'but I know that several steamers have stopped here, and lowered a boat, under the ( impression that someone has jumped over board. But the tally has been always found right, and although people have sworn to see ing the man jump, none of them could find out anything, and they just had to log it and go ahead.' 'What's the story connected with this ap- 1 pearance?' 'Ah, only one man knows, and he's a leper on Friday Island.' 'That's aueer. how is that known?' 'It's not exactly known, only guessed. This man was taken from that island to the leper station when that old trepang station was abandoned. Ever since he was taken away that extra hand— that's his name among we —has taken to coming aboard. There were two men there at the station, but only one came away. He signalled a steamer, and got them to leave word at Cooktown ;hat he had contracted leprosy, and wanted to be taken off the island, so the Government launch came out with the doctor, and he's now at Friday Island.' 'Didn't he eay what had become of his com panion?' I asked. 'He absolutely refused to give any informa tion, and as the natives that the men had em ployed had gone over to the mainland, and dispersed amongst their own tribes, there was nothing to be done but to cart Mm off.' 'I'm stopping at Thursday Island for a week or two. I'll try and find out eome more.' 'I aon't thiTiTr you will, for they say he never speaks— just gets his rations and camps by himself.' 1 conld find out na more about this mysteri ous extra hand, sasve that most of the men who went up' and down the coast implicitly believed in .the apparition. While at Thurs day Island' I made the acquaintance of the doctor who nad charge of the leper station, and asked him about the patient -who came there from the Barrier. 'Vantroop, you mean,' ne answered. 'I can .tell* you nothing at all about him, for the very geod reason that the man never utters a word if he ean help it. A short and curt re ply td an Absolutely necessary question is the utmost you can get from him.' 'Vantrbopi' I echoed. 'I knew a Vantroop once, but surely it cannot be he. He was fairly well off, and had no need to go bech de-mer fishing on the Barrier. His wife and family are still in Sydney, for I saw Mrs. Vantroop, when I passed through Sydney the ofiier -lay.M . ! ? . 'DieLyon ask after her husband?' said the doctor; ?*T-j ten you the truth, I did not; nor did she say anything about him.' **I snoold n-k be surprised if this is your Mend, for this man, when he was first taken there, and had to make the necessary state ments, denied that his name was Vantroop, but said that that was the name of the man Who had been his partner. But people at Cook tewn, who knew, them both, say that this man waa always known as Vantroop. If he has a wife and family, I can quite imagine that the poor devil wishes himself to foe thought dead, and would hide nis name.*' 'What' is he likej?' . --,;..-:. 'A tall, fair man, very fair, in fact; about 45 years old or so.' 'That fairly' answers- the description. I wonder whether I could 'see him?' ? ?? 'What would be the good?' said the doctor. 'You may be sure thatjie, a leper, does not want to see anyone he has known when he was a clean man.' 'That's true. But perhaps if I keep his se cret i may be able to do something for him. We used to be good friends once, many years ago, if this is the game man.' 'Well, I could get you an order, if you think you can do the man any good.' 'Is he very bad?' 'Not yet; he is not repulsive to look at, if that is what you mean. He will be soon, jhough; I can see the disease getting worse during the last few months.' The doctor got me an order or permit, *o go with him on his periodical visit to the leper station. All of the patients, save Vantroop, were Chinamen or islanders, and it was not until after the stores had been landed and dis tributed, and the ' wretched creatures had drawn back, that Vantroop advanced. The doctor had some special things for him, and he told him about my coming. I was standing by the boat, where she had been run up on the beach, and from where I was I could see him gaze earnestly at me, but he made no sign. I had recognised him as soon as he had appeared, for he was one of those men whose appearance is unmistakable. Present ly the doctor returned. 'He will see you, Whitcombe,' he said; 'but I can't give you long.' 'Can't I stop here, and you send for me presently?' 'It would be against the rules altogether, and some busybody on the island would be writing to the Government, saying that men were allowed to go backwards and forwards to the leper station, just a9 they liked, spread ing the germs of leprosy everywhere. Per sonally, I don't care a cent, but you know how many meddling fools there are in the world.' I went up to Vantroop. 'Well, Whitcombe,' he said, 'I suppose you never dreamt of finding me here? I won't shake hands, thank you; my right hand is go ing bandy.' What could I answer? What could I say? To express -sympathy with a man slowly un dergoing a living death, would seem a moc kery. I tried to say something, but he inter rupted me. ? ? . 'Never mind, old man, I guess aJl you would like to say, so take it as said. Don't you think I have broken myself in to the in evitable by this time? - Now, is there any thing you can tell me about the other world?' 'I met your wife in Sydney a few weeks ago; she was well, and I:undeistcod that the children were the same.' - , 'Of course, she Imagines I am dead?' he said calmly. , 'I was not aware of it. I only met her in the street, and just when I was about to speak of you somebody interrupted us. I 'was then going aboard the steamer, and did not see her again. She was not to mourning?' 'No. I have been here more than two years. When you go back make a point of seeing her, and gifing her, some details of my death. I will furnish you with them.' I thought a few minutes, and then said I would. ,? „- 'How did the ghost story come about?' I asked. 'I hear that you occupied the island where the extra hand is supposed to btfard the boats.' 'What extra hand? What ghest* story'! Remember, I am buried alive, and never hear anything.' His tone was more excited than it had been yet, and I told him the story as the chief had told it to me. A look of keen satisfaction stole over his face. 'It works, it works! Thank God!' ie mut tered. I gazed at him wonderingly, and as I did so a warning whistle came from the boat. I had only a quarter of an hour more, and told Vanr troop so. 'Never mind,' he said. 'The doctor must stick to red tape, but I will write down what I want you to do, and you write me all you know about my people. Do you think you can get me photographs of the youngsters?' 'Rather a difficult task without a decent lie iaj utx-^o. luc ujj, uui J. ll *-*-j' 'Would you go to No. 14 Island for me? There are some pearls there worth, getting. Take some for your expenses, and give the rest to my wife.' , 'More lies!' I said, my sense of humor over coming me at the thought of the net of deceit I should soon be entangled in. 'Never mind. You have done me a world of good— that is, if anything eon do a rotting leper any good. The extra ihand!' and he turned abruptly away, and went off, laughing strangely. 'I suppose he's your man?' queried the doc tor, when I took my seat in the stern, and we backed out. 'He's the man. But, doctor, he is dead— let him die. His name is probably not Van troop.' 'I understand,' said the doctor. 'Vantroop is dead, as far as I am concerned.' I stayed a fortnight longer at Thursday Id land, and during that time I exchanged com munications with Vantroop. I did not see him again; he asked me not to, and I well un derstood his reason. The time came when I had to leave on my return, but, in accordance with my promise to Vantroop, I meant to go first to Cooktown; there procure a lugger, visit No. 14 Island,, and get the pearls he spoke of, then return to Sydney. He had sent me the story of his adventures, which had finally landed him in the leper sta tion at Friday Island, and this is how it ran: VANTROOP'S STORY. 'I was tired of easy living; the restlessness of the born wanderer had come upon me, and I felt that I must be off once more to the free dom of semi-civilised society. Wife and children were dear to me, but the smell of the salt sea breeze, the love of savagedom, the wild unrestraint of an outside life, were hot in my veins, and the force, the unknown force that has always dragged men of our race away, dragged me away from the position of a respectable citizen of Sydney to the fate of a leper on Friday Island. 'I had not quite made up my mind when 1 came across an old friend— you met him, .Whitcombe, you remember Charley Bancroft? He had been pearling up hi the northern seas, and was doing well. I did not want for money, but I wanted adventure, for the re-, membranee of old times, and old frays still coursed hotly in my brain, so I consented \o join him on a trip. I made every arrange ment for my wife and family, in case of my death; fortunately, as I am dead, as you know. Then I started on a pearling voyage with Bancroft, I finding some of the needful capi tal.1 So far as a pearling voyage was ' con cerned, our trip was not much of a success. Bancroft had wild ideas about banks of shell amongst the islands to, the east of Java, and we got a. petmit from the Dutch Government, which claims sovereignty over those seas, and sailed amongst the many islands, and led a lazy,- roving life, but found neither shell nor pearls. .. 'At last we came to an island, seldom visit ed by whites— one of the group east of Geram. At one of these islands we made the acquain tance of an old Rajah, who was paid by the Dutch, and held great state in consequence. He had two daughters, and both Bancroft and myself fell under the spell of their dark eyes. In this lotos-eating kind of life we were lead ing a dusky love seemed a necessity, and, in consequence of yielding to the spell, I am now what I am, a leper -on Friday Island. 'Let me tell the story as I know it now, and, though I do not seek to find any excused for myself, still there are excuses which ano-. ther may find. I have 6aid there were two daughters, Nuhu Raka and Nuhu Rota, Raka being the eldest and the most beautiful. Both Bancroft and* myself fell in. love with her, but Raka favored me, and Bancroft transferred his devotion to Nuhu Rota, the younger. We stayed on at the island, and gave the old Ra jah rifles and cartridges, and other European things that his* soul hankered after, and for got 4he world. But I had aroused a feeling of hatred in Bencrof t'e heart, which did not cause him to forget anything, and especially that I bad won the love of Raka. Then came the catastrophe. 'A Dutch gunboat came to the island. The old Rajah made muen of his visitdis, but they, with the boorishness of their nature-^the Dutch naval officer is far beneath those of other nations-^looked askance at ns* Trouble followed. The first lieutenant made violent love to the youngest daughter, Rota, and aroused Bancroft's wrath, and they quarrel led. Quarrelled to blows, and Bancroft gave the Dutchman a neat pair of black eyes, A challenge followed— a secret one, by the way, for the Dutch officer feared arrest if Ma eoa mander came to hear of it. Bancroft shot Ills opponent through the heart and then there was no help for it— we had to fly, but how? The 'gunboat could overhaul our schooner if we; attempted flight by sea; and, in fact, as soon as the party got on board with the offi cer'slioay, an armed boat's crew Went off and seized her. Fortunately, we were not on t-oard. | 'The Rajah concealed us, and promised to j see us conveyed over to the other side of the island, and shipped away. The duel had been fair enough, but we knew we would get no justice from the Dutch. A lifelong prison would be our doom,, a death amongst colored i men of the lowest, of the most criminal class, and our fate kept secret. This is the sort of justice the Dutch of the East Indies deal out. 'Well, the old Rajah wanted his price for assisting us away, and that price was my | marriage with Raka.' Bancroft plied me I with reasons, for it was our only hope, and I consented in a fit of partial intoxication, Ban croft assuring me that a marriage by island rites meant nothing, knowing all the time the horrible secret that made the Rajah wish to get rid of Raka. i 'I will not say any more of my mad sin, 1 which has brought on me euch dire punish ment, save that we were safely escorted across the island, and at parting the Rajah be stowed upon me as a wedding gift a magnifi cent lot of pearls, the value of which even the old fellow himself did not know.. 'Our destination was a station on the south ern coast, occupied by a Jesuit missionary, at which an occasional schooner called at tunes. Sere we stayed until the schooner should ar rive^myself, Raka, and Bancroft. That priest! ^ He was a relic of The Middle Ages. Devoted to his faith, good, self-sacrificing, and rejoicing in a possible martyrdom from fever. It was after we had been there some week or two that the father spoke to me — we had become friends. ?*' 'Son,' he said, 'you are a sinful man. That I know,' for you have wedded this woman, who Is not of your race, but a heathen, and I believe yon have a wife in your own country. So says your friend.' ' 'My friend!' ' 'God's hand is heavy troeii you. You will never see them more; the punishment falls on you in this world, and by God's mercy you may gain peaee after death. But yon must suffer,' and the good priest hid his face in his Bands.' ? ' 'Father, what do you mean?' I shouted. ''I mean the worst Son, misguided and sinful, know the worst The heathen wife yon have married is a leper, and you, too, will become one.' (To be continued.) ? - Tbe mosquito season in London is now over. Aii authority has declared they Were so bad in one part of town that they actually punctured bicycle tyres. This is the last word on the subject A HARD NUT TO CRACK. (FROM LONDON 'PUNCH.') MARKET SQUARE, JOHANNESBURG. 