EVERYTHING. -Oufc-opiiiion. What's yours!- You'ligct cheaper at Doughty's. * 'Iho t atCiil.tr- value of'London i Imain- ; created over 600 per cent, in the last fiftv years. While fishing off the rocks at Bat-mian's u»y ri-cently, a liov namtid Alabin, 14, was washed off nml drowned. His body has not yet been recovered, The Royal crown <_f rersia. which dates back to remote nges, is in the form of a pot ol flowers, surmounted by an uncut ruby the size of a hen's egg. John Irfin, of T.mtawanglo, was drinni; a nail, the head of which fleiv off and en- - lere.I ih« bill of his eye. Ho hog been taken to Sydney. At Mnhraln, near Corow.i. on Sunday -r Thomas Green's storo was brok.m into, and hts safe W.ib earned nu-ay. and cheques amounting to £170 were stolen. Hoers as a ru=e at Elands Liagie imitated the , HjM'bh bng'o »o-..iding the "cease 1'"13 causing contusion amongst the Mulish troops, Iho " Daily 'Telegraph " Shilling Fund toward* tho relief ..f the widows and orphans T Jhc^soldicrs killed in battle amounts to 1 Cue of the longest lived birds on record . died recently in London. It was a parrot JM»u*a Ducky, the property of tho IVioctiof i Id 1UUl Ua3 °Vtr a cvuUir>' uim1 a qu^rer .Am elderly rc£td».'Ht of Brighton named Ih-niyU.ay met with his death on .'-uinday afternoon by filing down a well 3C)ft. deep at the r<>«r of hia resuieuce. He was al most Mind. ~"" - Thrt "Daily Man" announces Mmt the - v.. M)e <-f <h«' poem bj* Kipling in reference to tho war,, the proceeds of which are .(' to ho devoted to the relief fnnd, realised: l - l-W,0<H>. ' ; \ . ( :. David W'iij-is, alias ^;t]-in;in Davir, wna "A " airented on tho Caullield raeocoutse hy Dswcuw Sergeant \V.»rd. Deifctiw WM*~ , namiiy, and Inspector Christie lft«t S.iUtr- . . i.«y afternoon. Wit j is h dian»od ivith Antwerp, six month* atjn, uto.eu diamond jewvilerr valued . nt . £3400. " ..." . v' pKKsnNs who tnko homo by the Messsgeiies Maritime (Freu. h mail) boats, , , . travel through Kuuieo, nml hoo lurge cities of that country at no extra oust. Kngtoh inter proters meet thepnssongers at Mareeillt-s, Dud. give^ihem every assistance in hmdinjr and pacing' their higgage (htongh the Custom.*, etc. The icniMnsof tho racing pony Tory Boy were fouud in lln: inouutaius. eight miles .' north-east uf Or.mire. The pony evidently was killed,'and then burned fo destroy nil . means x>f identification. lint sufficient was left to identify him with certainty, Tory Boy was stolen some mouths ago foin an Oran.Tr- livery Malilo near the main street in early evening under somewhat sensational circuni?tanees. A passenger by the J?. and A. Company's .learner Eastern, tu'ds uf a fearful calamity ' in the Moluccas, , During the night of Sep ti mlier the south of the Inland of Ceram, especially in the neighbouihood of Elpa 'Pnti li.iv, was visited by tin cnrtluiuuko . The earthquake was followed by a huge tidal wave, which rufhtd up the bay ami - did enormous damage. Ovrr'400't lives .'. have been lost, and, so far as is known," some 400 persons have been injnro.l, , High Tide, who rac.-d rather erratically :: iu_ tlta metropolia, did likewise at WnL'ga ' : v ^ asRa recently. IIo performed disap pointingly on the opening day, but on tho second oue appropriated the Uiverina T'lnte, and, according to an exchange, landed a good stake for his parly. The same atttllo1- : ' rity Ins it that same allegations as to tho cause of High Tide's delent were made, and I the gelding's trainer, J. Lilian, asked the committee, in justice to himself, to hold tin I inquiry into tlic matter, but the commiileo : " were satisfied with High Tide's running, and therefore LifFan's request was not en tcrlnincil. ... A IStayiicy telegram, dated llonday, says : \- "801110 consternation has been caused amongst some of iho miners at the copper ". mine by the visitations of a ghost in oua of tho shafts. The men bezr strange noisoa, bolls ringing, sighing, k'ro'»ii»l,Ts, ic. Miners going below have their cimdlos ex tinguished by a snpernatural visitor, and - some of tho men »llCgo llmt somelhiug ' brushud past them. Six men havo loft tho mine owing to tho terror which tho ghost. 1 has inspirod. , A youth named M'Dnnald, aged about ID : or 21), who lived with his father in a right of-wiy off Cliarlton-strcot, Wicklmm, was found dead in an outhouse at the rear of his hmno about!) o'clock ou Friday night. Ho had nppni'UDlly fastened a clntlue line round . i > i his ueek in a running lioosc, and then ' ' h,.ot!»d himself. I)r. Ludlow saw the body about '20 minutes past 'J, nmf oono!iifjo<< tuac death had taken place an liour previously, Dccoasod'fi father, who was lotely ppuaiont'd off from the Niswcastlc lightbouac, atalea that his sou could not j*et work, - . TRKIOD of Prints. You'il got it cheaper ftt Oouyhty'i. . . ' . An accident hnppenud at Itydy at alxuit midniyht ou Friday, whereby AfUornian, . , Percy Lnrkin lobt hits life. IIo had nttuhdml . .. ' the local oouucil mooting, and hud Rtarled ' to driro to his- rosid^nco at Nnrth*roa»l at about midnight. It; would appuar, from f ?? tho tracks of tho horse and tho A'chiclc, ' f that tho horse, which was restive, must have fchiod in rounding what is known aa known as Small's Corner, on tho Lane Cove road, ami proceeded at a terrific pace down tho hill in the vicinity. At tho bottom thes vehicV, a spring-cart, was overturned, and Alderman Lirkiu was pinned to the ground h.V Mie aide iron of tho cart, his neck being Mts. Maria Forrond, a widow ovor SQ years of ajje, wjib humcd to death in a fcjiock'. it»g manner at her residence in Chupcl»st.t Norwood, S.A., on .Saturday. The dcccasvd was apparently ennying a lighted limp, *. when she tripped and fell, and her clothing omiKhi. alight. Auoighbour, who called upon Mrs. Fnrrond, f(mnd thu honso on life; mid iho ehnrrcd body of the old woman,. with all Iho clothes burned o(T, just inside the back door, The fiio had not got n very tirm hold ou tho house, and tho flatnod wero soon extinguibheMi. Yesterday afternoon (says a ISnthurBt tele* gram doted Monday) a mini, pushing u house in the vicinity (if (he gaol, was attracted by an offensive smell, ami having tillered tho hou'e, ho nvarchcd, and in cue roam was horrified to find the body of u man in an advanced state of decomposition. Hoitnv mediately communicated with the police, who visited tho spot. The body was HO far decomposed that it was found impossible to move it. Tho hoily was lying on tho hod, clothed only in n night shirt. It war that of a painter named \Villi»uu Jewell, who had been acting as caretaker of the houew. II<\ hail not hcen seen for a week, but thin was not noticed particularly, as become-: times left homo workim: -"U hi* trade. . 'I ho < Coroner considered nil inquest miBi'eussary, and gavo nn ordcrjfor tho burial. \- Alfred Gwynnc Vanderbilt. who will pro bably inherit tho balk of the 100,000,000 dollars fortune loft by ConicJius Vandeibjlj", is tho second living eon of the d«mi man/ Tho young heir U nor? on his way home, or soon will bw, from u tour in tho Orient, whenco lio has been calfed by the family, who await his arrival'before probating the will. Young Vanderbilt was educated at Yak'. Ho was very popular among tho students at the big university. While at coljege ho was very sludinus, but evinced a * notable liking for athletic*. His apart ments in no degree gavo evidence of his wealth, but we>o much as those of oilier students. While still in Ins studies Alfred fell in love with Miss Klsio French, and was impatient to bo married. His father,'. however, persuaded him to wnit until after his graduation and make a tour of Iho woild before settling down. Miss French is on'y 18, »u»d very beautiful. She is a daughter of the1 late .1'ranois Onn<md French, and a Meier of Miss Kiizibeth French, who nmriicd Colonel Francis baton of Iho Grnmdici . GuaHs. The future Mrs. Vandeibilt : h»« a fortune of Imr own of marly *>,000,000 dollar?. MANY old s-uldiers now feel tho i fleets of the hard HPrvico they endured during tho war. Mr. Goo. H. Anderson, ol Kossville, Yoik eouniy, Feiin., who saw the hardest, kind of service at the front, i* now frequent" ly troubled with rheumatism. " T bad a severe attack lately," ho says, "and procuied a bottle ot (.hnuiburlaiu's Vain Thilm. Tt did so much good that 1 u< uld like to know what you would charge for one dozen bot lies." Mr. Anderson wanted it both for his own »se and to supply it to his friend and neighbours, op every family should have n bottle of it in their home, not only for ihou matism, hut lame back, sjnaiop, swelling*, cuts, bruises and burns, for w hieh it is un* equalled. For sale by Iv. O. McKk^zik, ? Footwmuk built for hard wear. You'll grt it cheaper nt Doughty'#. * 