The Hospital Concert. — Ihe extensive ar rangements necessary with the forthcoming Hoe pi tal Concert are now complete and it only remains for a clear sky to " reign " on Thursday, evening next and the concert should lie the most successful /, held in Glen Innes for malty years - past. We. '. should advise otir country feeders to take advan- ; tage of the " new moon " and atteud .the Concert for we have no hesitation instating they will fully ! appreciate the treat. Tickets are selling rapidly | and tit present there is every indication of cou- j ductor McCoy and the lady and gentlemen ama- | teiire efforts being rewarded with a bumper house, i Dentistry. — We have to draw our readers at tention to a notice appearing in our advertising I columns this morniug announcing the fact that Mr. i J. Wintle has commeuced his practice as a high i class dentist in the shop adjoining the A. J.S. Bank J premises. Mr. Wintle has had a long and success ful experience iu dentistry and should therefore ccynmand a fair share of the Glen Innes patron age. „ - Farmer and Company, Limited, of Victoria House, Syduey, have pleasure in announcing that their Mr. E, G Fletcher will visit Glen Inues next Monday and Tuesday with the autumn patterns and samples. Tailoring — A large and good assort ment of tweeds and serges. Hats, men's aud. boy's ready-made clothing, boots aud shoes, ladies' dress goods, household liuen, rugs and blankets, down quilts, gloves and hosiery, &c;, Sample Boom — Alcock's Tattersall's Hotel, Wednesday and- Thursday at Emmaville. jt" A " GhostSOARE. -T)uHn"g'tli5'a8fc"'fe\lv'"clay gday no smaljarnount of curiosity has been awakened fiu. town byfthe statement that a . jspifit from the utiknovrnjegions hjd escapcdf'and could -be seen nightly at the old sjaugTiter-yards on Furracabad Plain. S&V-erniersons;, who have seen the appari tion, maintain that it is hideous iu the extreme, being in the shape of a headless and armless man. Several expeditious have been formed to lay the "ghost" out, hut on each occasion it has beeu absent.1 Probably it was creating a scare iu another I part of the district. Mount Mitchell 4J3ws--ieparttn en to f Pub- Tre-Work-67ydneApril 14, 1899. Sir, — I am directed to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 13th instant with petition from A. Lockyer and others, re road to Mount Mitchell and finger post to Maroueu. Creek, and to inform you that a further communication will shortly be made to you, this heiDg merely an intimation that your letter has been received, — I have the honor, etc., Bobert Hickson, Under Secretary aucl Commissioner for Boads. To Mr. F. A. Wright' M.P." The Charges Against Wilson. — At the Ips wich Court on Tuesday, E. C. L. Wilson, formerly a schoolmaster in that town, and at towns in New South Wales and Victoria, was charged with a shocking offence ou November last. The trial did not conclude till after 8 p.m., when the jury re turned a verdict of guilty of au attempt to commit the alleged offence. The Crown Prosecutor inti mated that there were three other similar charges j agaiust the prisoner, but lie did uot intend to pro-J ceed with them. Prisoner's counsel produced testij mouials, including some from thr chief Justice, Bailway Commissioner of South Australia, and the| Mayor of North Adelaide, and appealed for leniency! principally out of consideration for the prisoiier'J crippled son, who was dependent for sustenance oi| the prisoner. Judge Chubb thought the jury had taken a merciful view of the case, aud that he would not be doing bis duty uuiess he passed a severe sen- tence. He sentenced accused to seven years' penal servitude. Wilson is under remand ou a charge |)f murdering the boy Hill at ley. | Fob Children's Hacking Cough take Wood's ; Great Peppermiut Cure — 5. jj Ei6ht Hour Day. — The 43 Anuual Celebration i of the Eight Hours' Day iu .Melbourne promises "to be a great success. In the procession, forty-nine different trades will be represented, acoompauied by a dozen brass bands. The sight should be ajn imposing one. Many residents in this oolong, apart .from the interest they may feel in the object, will wait anxiously the result of the drawing of the great Art Union, the first prize in which is £1,000, and tiiere ar9 126 other valuable prizes Tickets one shilling each, may be purchased froni agents up to the 22nd iust, or direct from the re preseutative, Mr. Tbeo. W. Heide, 237 Collins-st,j Melbourne, any time before the drawing ou the , 29th iust. The proceeds are inlaid of the hospitals $and public charities. | | Cricket. — The following tearii — wiHjSepre8ent| jfGleu Inues C C. agaijlt the G. I. District— play| | to commence p.m. — Abbott, Blnxsome, | j Carter, Gleiiuierileydon, Loseby, McCoy, McKay, I'Travers, Wisdom, Williams, Chaffey 12, Holmes f 13, Powell 14. Stock"M o vem k n ts. — Since last report: — 1940 ewes and wethers from Nundubhurreu to Keeva, T. Cook anil Co owners ; 2000 fat ewes and wethers "from Ballandeaii to Aberdeen meat works, K. White owner ; 300 wethers from Yarraford to Emily Park, J. Colemane owner: 3718 ewes aud lambs from Cope's Creek to Walgett, F. J. Cooper owner ; 6000 mixed sheep from Graham's Valley to Olgilvie, J. Fiugletou owner ; 49 rains from Gra. ham's Valley to Ogllvie, J. Fingleton owner; 550 fat wethers from Beulah to Guyra, E. T. Elisor ; 1360 fat ewes and wethers from Kings Plains to Flemiiigton, J. H. Geddes, Birt, aud Co owners; 1950 ewes from Taviton to Boggabilla, J. Cross owm-r ; 606 rams from Colloroy to Camerou Downs, A.. Cronielin owner ; 1100 mixed sheep from Spring Mfc. to Kirkwall, C. Mott owner ; 1400 mixed shsep from Spring Mt to Kirkwall, J. Conway owner ; 104 fat lambs from Cooredulla to Biverstone, C. B. Dutton owner ; 2985 ewes aud wethers from Calla gliau Swamp to Wellingrove, J. H. Maekay owner ; 11 mixed cattle from Wallaugarra to Jennings, F. C. Leis owner ; 40 fat bullocks and cows from Teu terfield to Flemiiigton, C. B, Davis owner ; 82 fat cows from Tooluom Flemiugton T; Cook and Co owuers ; 60 fat bullocks from Casino to Flemingtou J. B. McDougall owner ; 33 fat bullocks and cows j from Teuterfield to Flemiiigton, II. Bates owner; j " >. 30 bullocks from Teuterfield to Flemiiigton, Walker j Trustees owner.; 50 store bullocks from Blair Hifl ' to Bowral, B. C. Wilkins owner; 150 poor mixed cattle from Goulburn to Coraki, W. Graham owner; 99 poor mixed cattle from Goulburn to Ballina, J. Baxter owner ; 30 poor mixed cuttle from Goulburn to Lismore, T. Edwards owner; 118 poor mixed cattle from. Wheeo Station to Shannon Vale, B. N. S. Wales owner ; 80 shorthorn hulls from Musweil- brook to Charleville, McKinuou Bros, owuers ; 1 stud bull from Syduey to Jimbour, Darling Dowus Land Co owners; 13 horses from Beaufort to Pearsby Hall, John Bogerson owner ; 24 horses from Grahams Valley to Roma, M. J. Byrnes owner. Ho,lloway's Pills and Ointment.— Glad Tid ings. — Some constitutions have a tendency to rheu matism, aud are, throughout the year, borne down by its prot.racted tortures. Let such sufferers bathe the affected parts with warm brine, and afterwards ruli in this soothing Ointment. They will find it t.he hes:t means of lessening tlie-r agony, and, assisted by Hoiloway'a Pills, the surest way of overcoming their disease More need not be said than to re quest a few days' trial, of this safe and soothing treatment, by which tiie disease will ultimately bu completely stjrept away. Pa,ins that would inako a'j giant nh.uilde.r aro assuaged Without difficulty by j Holloway's easy and inexpensive remedies, which comfort by moderating the th, robbing vessels and pa.Upiug the exe.ited flery.es, . V Dr" Emii.y' B. Ryder. — Dr. Emily B. Ryder has urrived iti (Hell limes and is arranging give some of hercelebriitud lectures on health mid hygiene to the ladies here, beginning on Alonilay afternoon 1 next, at 3 o'clock in the Town Hall, with her lecture'Vntitleil ' How uot to be III.' l)r. Ryder lias I been lecturing in Australia far the last 5 years aud ! consequently is well-known, her lectures every- j where drawing large- and enthusiastic audiences, for health is a subject all communities are interest- j ted in. It. will be remembered that when Dr. j Ryder lectured in the Town Hall, Sydne.v, her audiences were considered phenomenal. She has recently been lecturing in Queeus'and and comes to us from Toowoomba and Warwick where she was most cordially received. Dr Ryder ranks among the pioneer wometi doctors hnviug graduated in medicine at the Uuiversity of New York iu 1S76, subsequently studying for 3 years in Vienna, and later spent some months in the Hospitals of Paris aud London, in the latter city principally with Sir T. Spencer Wells, anil Sir Morrell Mackenzie. '. Dr, Boder's visit to Australia is iu the interests of medical and legal work for the child-wives of India, the Health Lectures enabling her to carry on , the work for the women of the Orient. Admission to Monday's lecture will he free. It seems the fate of modest then To hide their talents deep. Perhaps it is their will/hut then Perchance they go to sleep ; .. Now live men know what's inthe wind,' j. Of that you may be sure, : For coughs and colds relief they find, Iu Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. I Mr. Want's Resignation. — The Premier in formed the press on Monday afternoou that he had tfecoived no further cablegram from Mr. Want. He was convinced, however, that the late Attorney- General's health was giving him serious anxiety. He imagined that Mr. Want had obtained the opin ion of Loudon doctors on the subject, and found tiat it was nee'essary for him to take a longer rest than he had anticipated, and that it would, there- lore, be impossible for him to return to the colony " about the beginning of next session, according to his promise. A nether reason why Mr. Waut might wish to prolong his6tay iu England, Mr. Beid said was the fact that he had lately beeu extremely lucky in a North Queensland mining speculation, the, venture bringing him a fortune ot between £30,000 aud £40,000. i School of Arts. — To- night is set apart by - the Committee of the School of Arts for the purpose of reading papers on the Federal Capital. At the conclusion of the reading a general discussion on the papers will take place. A full attendance of members is requested. 