hamlet, R.VHAtl BERNIIABDT'S VlEttV ' Mniktmo Jr'nmh Bumkardt writes n ions , letter in -French to thu "Dally Telegraph" by.wny of. rupl.v to some of tlio crltielrtins imssed it j ion her reading of " ilainlet" Among the points dealt with are the fol lowing:— .I.aui reproriclicd with not hc'iig sulll- eiuily; astonished, not sulUclenlly dumb founded, when 1 see the ghost. - But: Iinmlet comes expressly to rce it: h'J u waits It, nnd utters ilitsu words,."! will , speak to It, though hell itself should gape nnd hid me hold my |M?nce." These nre not the words of n tvenk or languid per son. When thu ghost wants to take hliu aside, ho draws Ids' sword ngaiust -Ills friends, and threatens to kill them if tliey will not let him pass. That does not be speak a' feeble man. Iinmlet dreams when lie Is alone, lint in company he speaks— speaks to conceal his thoughts. I am reproached with not being ;polite. enough with Folotdus; but .Shakespeare makes Hamlet say all kinds of unpleas ant things to him. "When Polonlus says to him, "My honorable lord, 1 will most hum lily lake my leave' of you," Ilnuilut replies, "You cannot, sir, take from me anything that I will more willingly part withal." Really, 1 do not know a more, cutting or better merited reply. In the Onjtory scene I ant reproached with go ing too near the King; lint If ilninlot wjslies to kill the King, surely be must 1)0; dose to him. Ami when ho bears hint prays wnrds'of repentance, he thinks that If he kills hfm'he will send him to Hea ven; and he does not kill lhe King, not because/lie is vacilintiug and weak, but because hp Is firm nnd logical. Ms wishes to 'klll hltn In a state of sltt, not /of repenlnnce; for he desires to send liitti to hell and hot to Heaven. Nome wisii lo see in Hamlet a womanish, lie.sllnt.ing, flighty mind. , To me he seems a' manly, resolute, but thoughtful being. As soon as Ilainlet gathers what Is in his futher's inind.nnd lennis of his murder, lie forms the/ resolution to avenge' him; but as he Is tiie opposite' of Othello— who acts first nud thinks afterwards— Hamlet thinks before lib nets, which is the sign of great strength nnd great power of mind. Ilainlet loves Ophelia! He renounces his Ihvet lie renouiuvs study! He re nounces everything—In-order to gain Ids object. ; And he attains It. He kills the King wiille hi the blackest ami most mor tal siu; bttt he kills 'him only when be is absolutely' sure. When he is sent ' to Knglmid ho takes the llrst opportunity of leaping nlone Into an enemy's vessel, nud announces Ids mtiue tlmt lie may be niiiile prisoner, certain Hint he will lie brought' linck. lie calmly sends Boson- crnuiz audjjuililousloni to death. All tliis.-hesiicnks n young, strong nnd deter mined character. Mimn he dreams, Ills' of bis plan— of his vengeance. If -Hod' laid not 'forbidden suicide hn would have killed himself in disgust of tho world. But since he.cauot'UIII himself, he will kill! The hidy.'conelndes wilh the slaltment timt.SlmUcspca'rc, by his colossal genius, belongs to the universe, and .that a French', a Herman, or a Russian brain has the right to ndndru and to. tmdershmd liltn. . 