* THESE is one time in the year when the toil and turmoil of the every-day life is given over for a brief change, and it is the Christmas season. All. intently upon the various pursuits with which Are are engaged in, and we vary little in the monotony, but at Christmas time comas the relief of a short spell, and one and all are thankful for it. We who are pioneering in the desert cannot boast of a truly joyous Christmas—we have to shut out the ideas of the joy of the Christmas in favoured lands—but we can make the best of the conditions about us, and this we must do. It is not good to look back. " Like the ghost of a dear friend dead is time long past," and fortunately hope comes to the rescue. All of us hope for the time when we may live under better conditions than these that are now our portion. We look forward to the time when affairs will have so far. improved on the northern fields that we may become possessed of more of the sweets of civilisation, and linvever unpleasant things may be now that hope buoys us up. One thing that might. be done to make the place more habitable is the growing of fruit and vegetables. In a place so well watered as Laverton the experiment is worth trying. From what has been done in that way there seems every probability that vegetables and certain kinds of fruits would grow in profusion. It is to be hoped that the enterprise a^d pluck .will be.forthcoming to enter into the project, arid if it is carried out we inay by Christmas time next year have our tables well supplied with fresh vegetables and fruits. Before con - eluding, we must take the opportunity of thanking the residents of the town and district for their support to the LAVERTOX MEECCHY, and we wish therii 'all tlie'prosperity that is possible to fall to their lot. . j ] i | | i j f j | j i ! I THE technical observance of the Sabbath is now before Parliament^ and a Sunday Labor Bill is being discussed. Its objects are to do away with unnecessary labor, and apparently this will be a very useful measure, because there appears to be a tendency^ to crowd in too much work into the week, and those engaged in mining operations cannot always have the rest that is needful to the human frame. Our politicians are taking a wide view of the subject. The Premier says he , does not oppose the bill, but does ijot understand the necessity for it. It-, had been introduced by request, and believing, as be did, that as little labor 1 9* politic Ve o» the seventh day, he agreed to bring in the bill"J but why such-a measure should be necessary to meet the wishes of the goldfields' peculation, who came from Eastern Australia brimful of ideas as ' to freedom of the rights of humanity, : and of their own rights was not clear. . " Why," Sir John proceeds, "should the miners require an Act of Parliament to secure this rest on the seventh day, which was an inherent principle oif the British race all the world over?" " Apparently the reason of the bill is that the miners cannot get this rest. The Kalgoorlie Chamber of Mines desires that companies retain the rightto work the seven days in the week, aud work is done continuously in other ? big centres. The bill would be unnecessary if the practice were not main- ; tained. T n the other colonies, as Mr. . Morgans pointed out, batteries were L.jpot worked on Sundays, not in.com ; pUance with any law, but through ^ custom. Here, however, things are different, and therefore it is quite within'wason that the. laws should be llnade different. 