HKETCHER H I1W SENTIMENT "It MADE A NATION. In ,ht THE GREECE OF TO-DAY CRF.ATED OF PAST PHANTOMS. the of How the Shades of the Past Have Called c- the Present Into Belug-An UInpresc ir- dented axperlmeat-Unique Atteimpt St lreJiuveneate Language. le The Greek nation of to-day is a fact he reated by a tradition--ul aggressive he fact because it is the product of a splendid tradition, says David Turner d- in The I'hiladelphia P'ress. Jt is .aid that when the Persian host lst sent by Xerxes to ack the shrine at ii- I.elphi mouned to the attack gigantic slo?etres of ancient heroes rose in the re little band o1 defenders, and the dead ought o itide the living to repel the foes of tIIIr country. Those phantom h1 warriors still tight for Greece in all it, her battler ; and It Is no exaggeration Le to say that this army of ghosts is more ou effective for her protection than all t' the costly armament that she has im hie povertehod herself to maintain. It is simple truth that here the shades of st the past have called the present into iu being. '. Not that Greece herself is a ghost Id She Is lntensely alive. But she affords an a unique example of a nation lifted from its grave by the magic of a sen y. Limentl after a seeming death alumbt r IO of many centuteia. It has often ap at peared that of all reasons sentimental at reasons are the strongest, but history can scaracely show another instance r such as thIs. Nowhere else, indeed. to have such conditions existed. The case 1e of Italy probably romeo nearest ; yet at Italy, however depressed, could never be called. dead ; and Iome, through all ie her vicliaitudee has never wholly lost 'd er greatness or ceased to be a seat of power. But Athens had pr?ta?sially become a barren alte. In the earlier decades of the present century there remained as only ruins and It wretched hamlet of h barely three hundred huts. For some y. thing like a thousantd years Greece had been a little more than a memory, her territory almost unvisited, her nation r* at Identity extingulshedl-though her II- history and literature were engerlfh il tludied in all the universities of Eu' f. rope. La To this wideepread reverenne for a 's past which her own people had In part I. forgotten-for they were, under the ed blight of Ignorance and oppresalon- II ise chlefly owes her restoration to a it place among the nations. In 1871. she It revolted against TIurkslh tyranny. I- Atrocities like those recently perpe d trated In Armenia followed, and in 1825 Ibrahiml Pt'h overran Peloponneeus with an army of Egyptian slaves driv. en to battle under the lash. In the ordlntuy course of events, despite some gallant fighlting, the rebellion would soon have been stnmped out in. blood y and punished by a yet more cruel bolln. Sdage. But the sympalthles lof all 1,u rope had been aroused ; the name of the Ielles was potent throughout the civilized world. Dead poets and buried orators were ple.'ding for her, and the I living took up the strain ; Byron not only lifted up his voice, but laid down his life. Finally sentiment triumphed over policy. The same slow-moving t "powers" In whose teeth she has lately ca ast her defiance, at last brought their oannon to bear In her defence and in' terposed to eecure her independence. Never had the shades of her heroes won a more signal vlctdry. ' Their Influence has been domlnalnt In Greek affaira ever since. That alone has made Athens thle capital of the new Hella?: apart from sentiment It. is not the ntitural metropolIs of the Scoutntry, But the ruins which crown a the Acropolis have raised about them a beautiful city .which will ever be the Mecca of students and the "Bye of Greece." Some have disputed the claim of this I people to their heritage, and deny that they are true descendants of the Greeks I of old. Of course, their blood is not pure-the blood of no nation remains unadulterated through the varied for tunes of a period of 2000 years; but I believe that the people of Grecce to day are quite as truly Greek as the English, for example, are Anglo-Saxon. Yet, wnho woul? dare controvert the claim of the great "Anglo-Saxon race" to their boasted title ? It la their birthright, and is not vitiated by tile fact that their blood has been largely mingled with that of the Dane, the Norman, the Frenrhmann and the Celt, Neither does a conslderable mixture of Albanlan, Slavonian and Wallachlan stock void the birthright of the modern Greek; and If this pretension were as false as it I?s Just, it would still be well to countenanoe and encourage it. When we consider that the fervent par triotlam and national pride to which It has given rise have enabled a down trodden race of serfs to become a spirited, progresslve, self-respectlng people, it certainly seems worthy of' al reconmendatlon. These classic ghonts have done annoble work. Perhaps the most remarkable fact about the Greece of to-day is the sur vival of Its ancielnt language. Not that It Is unchanged-but tile wonder is that there Is so little change-Mnd with greater familiarity the marvel grows. New words, of course, have entered, and the grammar has suffered such r modifications as are seen In all modern tongues; but when once you have sltr' mounted the barrier raised by our ar-, litrary and artificial method of pro, nunclation, .you perceive that there is quite as much Attic In the speech of Athens tas Saxon In the sapech of Ion doll, The modern Athenian can renal the IlIad veith much less study than the Londoner can reed' the B.owultrlf, that so-called "Anglo-Saxon eplc"-nnd the implied comDnparlon is olculntedl to make one hvs Ills Iheand In shame; while thle Athenian co?t read the Greek. New Testament at least an reandlly as an Englishman can read Wycl ffe's tranalaUton of the same-and, again, oeil what a difference i - Sfit I trllue that the Greek language has suffered much less from the long degradation of its users; hut In like man.ner Englisll, a everybody knows, became so Impovaerishedl after the Nor' 1 man conquest that it was scarcely sj more than a ploughlunman's dialect, This defect was ultnlnately supported by the liberal Importation of forelg terms. l:ha Greeks have set about the lanr b Ins a.lifferenlt way; tlhey are bending S all t llr energies, to a restolation-as complet as exlsting'conlditona permit \--of their ancient Iasguaoge. In fact, one of the most extraosrdln* .o ary experiments ever attlmnpted sla now going on in Greece-nothing less than the resurrection of .the dead-in the matter of Inlguage. Can It succeed So far as the writer Is aware, every "'th undertaking in the pant ha ns mt A with faIlure: lilNnguasge, it was fotnd, hi could no more be made to order thIan a tree oclld be constructed by chemi sal process In a laboratory, But It'l sI une?afe to predict. This age is like on no other that the world has seen, New agenoles are at work. Thle mir' acls of the past are the commronplaces of the present. Fe-t ellaslco close on the heels of fiction, and even oaltrlpis st it Jaded with noveltle, we are for gett.lng bees to wonder. The new nesency now at work i~n lie o Greek experiment in popular educainor tihi Buch an engine has never been avail ale for such a prpose before. The ' 'vrernment, with nmtirable enter ' Prise, has tilled the land with schoola \--free choolue, mutch like our own-and In them the youth of tireece are taugha, as far as It is foend prantlcable, the - rejuvenated lannguage. IBy thin meamm, ti and iy the daily press-another new he and powerful factor--nrmalch has already 5 been accosplished. WhaVlmtever may rCe the outcome the experimoent wi~ Y Ialab~L willqrs_·n? Uj graLlja. 