€ncore* The bust of Madame Melba which Bertram Mackennal has just completed for the famous singer, and which she will present to the Public Gallery, Melbourne, is described by a London paper as " one of the finest examples of' statuary portraiture seen in London for a very long time." Miss Elliott Page was not long in getting into harness in London. She was appearing in one of the leading roles in a new farce, " On and Off," at the Vaudeville Theatre, which was produced on December 2 with the greatest success. Miss Page is described as looking handsome and wanting in experience. It will be no surprise to readers of Mr. F. Frankfort Moore's latest and best novel, "The Fatal Gift," in which the famous beauties, the Misses Gunnings, figure, is to be turned into a play. Charles Godfrey, who is nothing if not topical, is singing a Khartoum song in the London halls with the title, " Who says that England has forgotten her son ?" Wilson Barrett has broken out in a fresh place. He has undertaken to produce a play, in collaboration with the author, out of Robert S. Hichen's farcical society novel, " The Londoners," which bears the expressive sub-title of "An Absurdity." Mr. Barrett's humor has, so far, been an undiscoverable quantity. Mr. Walter Barnett, founder of Falk's studios, and now of London, has achieved a verdict of £500 damages and costs against the Brown Potter for breach of agreement. On her first Australian trip Barnett secured the world's rights to photo. Cora Urquhart, B.P., at a big figure, but on her second trip hither she went elsewhere for her pictures. Hence the action. Barnett, by the way, is doing great biz. in the West End of London, and has got as much as £100 and £500 for a single picture, the artistic excellence of the work done by him being accepted as that of a genius. Miss Ada Reeve is playing the heroine in "Milord Mr. Smith" at .the London Comedy. Arthur Roberts is also in the caste. Irvine, having had a spell of ill-health, will not reappear in London until Easter. Recently- stated his Lyceum, the scene of so many of his triumphs, was to come down to permit the making of a new street from the Southampton-road to the Strand, but this is not to happen. Stated good London authority that " The Liars," recently produced by the Brough's at Melb. Bijou, as by Henry Arthur Jones, was in reality written by one who has been billed for the past few years with quite ineffective circumlocution as " the author of * Lady Windermere's Fan — in short, Oscar Wilde. Wilson Barrett returned from Australia to England more satisfied than ever that the best advice to ladies who aspire to the stage is "Don't." In his "Sign of the Cross" season before coming to Australia he. had, he says, seven ladies who had been in "leads,"including two "stars,"but who had to be content " to walk on in groups among the supernumeraries." And he found the rush to the stage just as strong on this side. The Geisha is writ large as another success in the Firm's long list of successes in the Melbourne theatrical world. It pervades all things, and has broken out most strongly in the coiffeur of the theatre-going maiden. Artificial chrysanthemums sprout from behind each pink little ear till the whole d.c. sometimes looks like a whole garden of 'em. Williamson (that's J. C.) thinks highly of Miss Florence Perry's talent. So does the theatre-going public. M. : "I wonder what is the allotted number of years given to a theatrical star for farewell performances ? Which reminds me, Tenor Newbury and wife Spada are farewelling up in Sydney at present. Rodda Perry, the male alto, helps." Pattie Browne is going 'Ome quite immediately. That is after her ben. performance, which will come off in Sydney. Cesca Yollugi, in the " Forty Thieves " pantomime, Sydney, brings the house down nightly with her warbling of Carou's latest composition, <c Love is Gold. Adelaide won't see the Brough's for quite some time. Sydney sees them on April Fool's Day, N.Z. comes next on the fist, then Adelaide, when their repertoire will have been acted, read, written, and talked into shreds. In "Trial by Jury" the plaintiff has to produce from her pocket a stocking, which is supposed to form part of her trosseau. A lady in W. S. Gilbert's company once objected to this on the grounds of impropriety, and appealed to Mr. Gilbert. " Very funny," he replied, " but whenever anyone shows a stocking on the stage, it is considered improper unless it has a leg inside it." Miss Elsie Lander in the Adelaide Police Court the other day got a judgment against William Cosgrove, the notorious theatrical "ghost" sprinter,'for £10 10s. and £2 2s. costs for non-payment of salary. She was engaged to play at £4 a week, and that sum was not paid. This Cosgrove has a habit of engaging people and not paying them, and yet, no matter where he puts on a " show," he seems to get profesh. support. Why do actors and actresses engage with a manager of Cosgrove's non-paying reputation? When he was in the S. A. country districts some months ago he left a co. stranded. He has also performed this ungracious act in Sydney and Melb., and yet theatricals are still willing to accept engagements from him. MR. WILLIE FREEAR, " My Stveetheart," 