THE SKIPPER'S GHOST. "6 x S* front Ute 'North Queensland Rflg-1 ister.' ! They were bound for South Sea Islands, and the Kind was blowing fair: And our good ship flyer* carried all her canvas fall and square. W1h.ii the sky began to darken, in- the distance roared a squall— While she steered West-2»or'-West, straight towards her port of calL Suddenly it burst upon us—'All hands, ready! Shorten sails!' Cried the captain from the quarterdeck, and they hurried up the rails; And, like cats, climbed up the rigging, one would ever fear they'd fall, While she steered W-wt-Nor'-VTest, straight. to virile lur port of call. When the storm was at its highest, close to twelve o'clock at night. Suddenly the ship was lit up by a ghostly sort of light. On the quarter, amidst a fire, rose a board ed figure tall— While she steered West-Xor'-West, ctraiglit towards her pon. of calL tt was dad in oilskin jacket, with & pair of sea-boots on, And wrote on deck in fierv letters: *East Sou'-East.' and then was gone. With. it went the stormy weather—it had quieted the squsJL XVlule she frteeied West-Nor -W est, etrusht towards licr port erf call. 'Call the! watch, there!' cried the captain, *on your posts to ship about; Shape a course for East-Sou'-East, let the bracing gear run out.' Heady!' round die went. A beUuty, bdm and yards and sails and all, And she steered East-Sou'-East, stmight away from port of call. They tape Railing to the Eastward, sail ing back towards the shore; Arid the good ship 'Flyer carried all hor canvas as of yore. When 'raft ahoyI* rang out aloft, from her topmast high and tall. While she steered East-Sou'-East, straight away from port of call. Quick they manned a. boat and sent her to the raft.which hove in sight, Bejuing seven ship-wrecked seamen, in a truly fearful plight. How they wept and kissed those sailors, as they pulled them, up her wall, While she steered Easti-Sou'-East, straight away from port of call. When the manna's recovered from their agony and pain, They related how their dapper they had begged and. prayed in vain, To leave his sinking schooner, when Bhe foundered in a squall: Still they steered East-Sou'-East, straight away from port of call. 'Aye, he wore ait oilskin jacket, and h€| had his see. boots on; was big, and tall stnng, and h** face a bearded one,' Said the boatswain of the sdiooncr, and his tears began to fall— While they fiteered fiastSoa^East* straightaway from port of calL He had hardly finished speaking, when the captain shouted out: 'Bade the wheel, and dear the braces! On your posts to ship about!* "Ready! Bound she went again--helm. and yards, and sails and all; And she eteered Wesfc-Nor'-Weet, straight towards ha* pint of calL 