Brisbane NQtes. Iruou OUtt OWH COKIIB3 l'ON DINT. Tho Fodoral topic is not tho only one of interest in thoso parts, TRp fostivo tick ifi Assorting himeolf onoo moro. Enoggora — tho plaoo whoro the fat otook for tho metropolis aro sold— was tho first locality In tho immediate neighbourhood of tho oity in whioh tioks wore first discovorod. Vory naturally, it is .nl- firat place in gqmo region to BUBtain an outbreak of tick fever, or rody/ater. One cow only vas reported to "tbo aqthoritios, but it is vory doubtful indeed whether that oow should havo boon tho first or only ono. It is shrewdly snspectod that sovoral others should havo boon reported but wero not, with tho consoquonce that thoy all diod, wboroas had thoy boon re ported promptly thoy would probably bo alivo now, For Mr. Hancock, ono of our boBt cattlo inspectors, has dis covered a system of treatment for tho dtsoaso whioh looks vory promising indeed. It has only been tried on tbo ono beast so far — tho ono cow reported as aforesaid — and that cow is now out of dangor — probably owing to tho treatment by Mr. Hancock. Not necessarily, I am away), seeing that some rcdwatored beasts 'recover with no othor assistance than Nature's. But this hore cow's progress towards recovery was moro speedy and strongly marked than has been that of thoso not othorwiso assisted. At any rate, tho keoping dark of such grave occur rences as an outbreak of redwator, ia a stupid and utterly unpnrdonabio pro- ceeding, and, liko most selfish aotions, doesn't pay, Aftor a groat deal of troublo and carc in conducting tho experiment, tho question whether tioks matured on sheep aro eapablo of producing tho spcoial fovor of tho genuina cattle- bred insoot — so Galled with apologios to Mr. Pound — has been answored in tho aflirniatlvo. The moro tho festive little ouss is investigated tho moro indopoudont fiooa ho soom of bis favorite " holt," the bulloak. Any thing with blood in it — of tho warm kind, at any rato— will do at a pinob. Tho absurdity of trying .to keep tho post- out by quarantines, huffar areas, crush inspections, barb-wiro foncos, and tha rest, as attoinptod by the N.S.W. mon, now booomos perspicuous onough ono would think ovon for thorn. What rcspcot will kangaroos and padamolons, not to montioh 'possums and ourlowB, pay to their buffer areas and barb wires? In America tho tok coems to have coma to stay, but it wero premature to jump to the samo oonolusion for Australia. Wo Beam to bo finding a lot of things out about it that wore novor found before. Tbo latost is a dip that soeins to fulfil requirements, and what with inoculation, dips, and rodwater cures, wo should bo ablo to crowd tho fostivo concern in an unpleasant way in tbo courso of a fow years. It seems that tho eommittoo to invostigato tho Criminal branch of tho Polico Dopartmont was not ap pointed right out at tho last meoting of tbo Exocutivo Council— on Wed- nesday — as there is somo notion of making it a Royal Commission instead of aa ordinary coramittoo of inquiry. But tho composition of tha investi gators is likoly to bo tho samo whether it bo committco or commission. Tho investigators will fin ail likelihood) bo District Court Judgo Noel (chairman), Mr. F. W. Dickson, barrister and Crown Prosecutor for tho Soutboro division iu the District Court, and that oxpart from tbo south upon which tho Government had set its heart, in order that tho committee should net lack practical oxperionce. This export was obtainesl, after considerable research, in Captain Badlior, of Melbourne. Captain Badlior was for some thirty or forty years an officer in the Victorian polico service, from which ho retired on his pension only tho othor day, relinquishing tbo place second in command. Thu captain is of vory varied experionco and may bo said to be up to ovory movo on tho criminal botrd. He will be emphati cally tho right man hero, where our criminal polico seem hopelessly water logged and unablo to mako headway against tho extraordinary influx of criminality which has favoured us with its attentions of lato. How is this ? it wilt bo asked. The answer is givon with some confidence, especially by tlnso shopkeepers whoso premises havo boon burgled of lato, and their name is legion. Tba au3wor is to this offect. Tbo Bpielcr and other enterprising fraternity ot tho big southern cities have noticed the inepti tude of tho Brisbane p ilico over the Into tragedies, as wo havo got to call thorn— Gallon, Oxloy, Woollonngab- ba — and havo come to tho not un natural conclusion that this should bo n good place to start business— just as I onco hoard a gentleman confess (io tlio dock) that he was adrisod to go to Toowoomka because it was a good plaos to pass olie.ptos. After coming to tho conclusion aforesaid, tba next proceeding was for tho spicliog fratern ity to oomo themselves. Anil they aro here — nobody will question that statomcnt. No inure will ho question the finding of tba committco or com mission if it bo of a draslio nature. Tito most unexpeatod nnd, I believo, really regretted death of Sir. Luya, junior member for Brisbane Bouth, has left a seat to bo filled ia tho Legisla tive Assembly, and will cat! upon Mr. Morgan for his first writ as Speaker of that body. Among the likely candi dates montioncd aro Aldorman William Jonos, a civio oolloaguo of tho Iqtq member, who is a Ministerialist, and it ia reported that Mr. J, M, Gross, formerly member far Olarmcnt, has boon asked to stand " in tha intorosts of tho Opposition," wbatovor that may bo. Tha only recognised Opposi tion is idontical with tho Labour Party, but it is hardly necessary to say that tho so-called " traitor to tho cause " has not bcou asked to stand in tho in terests of that Opposition. In fact, dospito of fact, pcoplo still persist in spoaking of the Labour Party tho Labour Party, and of tho remnant of the Opposition of other days as tho Opposition of tha present. If John Micbaol does stand for Bouth Bris bane— and no doubt ho is ready to stand for Gehenna, or any othor plaoo ot worship, if it presents tho ghost of a obanco of gotting back to six no.toa si wock and the host of everything, it will bo in tho' intorosts of this Remnant, if it nas any. nor Lanaur has its can didate all ready and willing in the ftorson of Mr. Honry Turloy, former abour mombor for tbo samo constitu ency. Thoy are hammering away at tha Federal oampaign, by whioh I mean also tho anti-Fedoral campaign, with might and main. Ono thing is cer tain, and that is that whetw question has ;(.oomo 0 burning qno. 'aa the people generally or. not; it has o&ugbt; on vyith most of our man of ligt and leading. But tljeso don't a!! burn tho samo way. Far from it. 8omo burn positively, somo negatively, but, whether positive or negative, thero can bo no doubt about tha com bustion. That is porfooti On tho ono side we havo tho Premier, most of his colleagues, and, with few axaep- tiona, tho men of the shipping and monetary institutions in tho city ; on tho other, aro ranged Sir Thomas M'llwraitb, Bir Hugh Nelson, sovoral of tho Ministers, and somo of our big merchants, including a largo majority of tho manufacturers. So far as I understand tho question — and that ia very little — I should say that of all tho controvorsiulists, Bir Hugh Nolson has gono doopost into tho subjeot, and has the most masterly grasp of tho question. Not that his view must be necessarily tbo correct ono — that re- mains to be seen. For this seems ono of those subjects that no ono knows anything about, to speak of, and which is as likely to turn quito different to what was oxpeotod as not. In a word Federation is among tho things oovored by the Disraollun diotum that " noth- ing happens, oxcopt the unoxpeoted." Howevor that may bo, tha rccont pro nouncement against tha eause by tho Minister for Agriculture — for wo unito in holding him rcsponsiblo for that loader in his papor, tho Maokay Mer cury, oroatod a gretyt qonsation down hbre. The question is an open one, of aourso, and tho Minister is quito justiiiod in promulgating his indi vidual views on tho subjeot whilo continuing to hold ofiioo. At tho Bamo time, tho fedoration-at-any-prico papers are trying hard to mako tho Premier look upon it ae something binding on tho Cabinet. Of courso, tho Premier will not and oannot daanything of tho kind. Tho question oan only be ono of two things : a party or an opon ono. It was announced in tho Promior'e manifesto that it was to bo an opon 0110\. Tho Government went to tho oauntry and wore returnod to offico on that manifesto, and to break faith on it now might moro suit tho fodoration- at-any-prico onoB than tho country at largo, It is odd, by tho vyay, that' Btigar men should boo. (kings iltrougk different spectacles bccauso of a couple of degrees of latitudo intervening be- twoen tho observers. Tako tho dif ference in the aspects presented to iho eyos of Mr. Angus Gibson at Bunda borg, and of Mr. J. V. Obataway at Mackay. Well, thoy both know moro of their spcoial (and sweat) subjeot than I do. July Oth. 