THE BOMANCE OF TEE 6REYST0NES. - AU AUSTRALIAN SXOBY. EPILOGUK.—(Concluded.) BY HARRIET ARNOLD. a dog gave Sir Noel's beard another dab or two, then dashed oS again with impatient b irks, coming back presently and sitting down on the floor with his eyas fixed on the door in excited expectation. Erringdean, impelled bv the fascination of the little dog's graze, felt himself watching the door too. Suddenly and softly it was pushed wide open—a woman had followed the dog; her soft footfall bad not sounded. As her figure showed against the lighrfrom the corridor windows, Erringdean isade * movement to rise, but sank back in the chair, the room swimming round and his breath growing choked.- Then a cry broke from hiB white lips as he sprang up. *' Valkyri.! woman or ghost, speak to me!" He was beside her, and the form he clasped was human substance. He carried the senseless woman to the window, and, dashing open sashes and shatters, lifted her head and looked again upon the face he had last seen tossing on the angry sea in a lifeboat—the face that he had mourned so long and deeply as buried in the ocean. He let her head lie back on his arm, and looked upon the features he knew BO well; they were little changed—more beautiful in their snowy paleness if anything. On one band still gleamed the ruby ring that he had placed there. "Thanks to Thee, oh, loving Father of Mnrcies," he prayed silently, " happiness has oanoagain to earth, and to—even me." . On the night of the wreck of the Siren, after they had-all been ®afely lowered into the lifeboat and. were waiting to pick up Sir Noel when he should leap from the deck, a wave— the eame that had dashed him against the iron bulwiark—-had ewamped-the boat and thrown tEem all intothesea. ' Valkyrie remembered nothing -more until she awoke and found herself on board a vessel bound for New Caledonia. \- They told her how, the day following the great stonr which had wrecked the Siren, the crew of a French ship, which had taken shelter from the storm in a.small bay, heard a voice—a woman's voice—rising wierdly in musical cadence from the bosom of the waters. No boat was visible on the swell caused by the.water^thnndecing in from the tempesttossed oceans In terror the startled seamen listened; again the voice came, nearer this time—they could distinguish the nationality; it' was an -English voice. At last, drifting past the ship, they saw the singer, a woman with a lifebelt round her, floating face upwards in the water. with wild delirious eyes fixed on space, singing, shrill and clear, an old ballad. They rescued her and took every care of her, these salt-water Samaritans; but they-were obliged .to take her on with them to their destination. New Caledonia. . When the captain questioned her, after hearing her incoherent etory, he concluded that the "wreck of which she spoke had occurred nearihe sheltered waters of tbe bay, and the swift tush of water coming in had caught her in its. channel and, aided by the lifebelt, raced her swiftly through the inlet and hurled her Unconscious, but still living, into shoal water. After the storm had subsided she drifted abont until discovered by them. "Wereany others saved, do you think?" Valkyrie enquired sadly. The officer shook his head. • *\Ve searched the bay from shore toshore, but could discover no other survivors." Valkyrie lay. in balf-dazed thought. Her life'had been saved, but of what value was it to her? The man she bad loved so well was lvinjr with all his sins fathoms deep in the ocean, and she had to face the world again and live. That night she was in brain fever, and for days lay at death's gateway. The vessel reached port, and she was placed in the Government hospital. The doctors listened to the raving of the unfortunate girl, and what they heard resulted in a cable to the Victorian P Government just a week after Thora's death. Enquiries were made at Longreach as to who had lost a friend, a lady, in any of the recent shipwrecks. R Valkyrie Greystone was the only one missing from there ; could it be she? Erringdean was away, and they did not know whore he had gone. But Grace, Alec, and Sir James Mcintosh by the next boat C started for New Caledonia. After an anxious journey they entered the hospital ward, and in the shrunken features, wasted form, and dark cropped hair of the , waif of the sea they recognised Valkyrie. Valkyrie was too weak to feel surprised— she seemed to look , upon their coming as matter'of course. •"Giace, dear, don't cry for me; yon would not if you knew ail," she said, as Grace stood sobbing by her bedside. " Tou all look grieved for me, - and I can neither pray nor try for myself." *" She wandered wearily on. half deliriously speaking of the wreck and of Sir NoeL The Andersons thought she was confusing tlie one with the other ; only Sir James, with his wiedom of years, felt that something was and had been amiss with Sir Noel and his wife's sister, and that for them some connec tion lay between the wrecks of yacht and liner. He lacked his doubts and suspicions in his own breast, however, until Valkyrie's mind was recovering mental balance, and before Grace and Alec could question her he took an opportunity of putting her on her guard. ' ''Have you beard that the mailboat in which your passage was taken to Europe has been wrecked?" he enquired, "and that you were the only passenger saved?" "Yes! they told me a mailboat was lost," the girl replied listlessly. Sir James laid bis hand on her sleeve and looked steadily in her eyes-as he apoke. *' Tour passage was taken in that mailboat," he said impressively, " and to all intents and purposes yon sailed in her—you were in her when in a dreadful tempest she met her doom. Your-friends believed you were saved from that wreck by a miracle; it would be a useless shock pndeoeivisg them. The wreok will never be mentioned in yonr presence, as it would be terrible for you to speak of yonr dreadfnl experiences—yon understand !" Valkyrie had gazed in startled amazement at Sir James as he spoke, and with reawakening intelligence in her eyes. She bad not"serionsly thought as yet of the world; she would have to face its judicial examination, and ehe had taken so thought to screen herself. The terrible consequences of the truth being known came to her; she could regret and grow sad, at least in secret, but the true story of that ope night must never be known. She made no reply to Sir James, but kissed his brown hands in humble thankfulness as he continued— " On the evening of the day your ship left Fort Jackson Sir Noel Erringdean's yacht put out from Sydney Harbour also." Valkyrie leant back with parched blue lips; the old gentleman spoke gently now. "I have a joyful surprise for yon, my dear. You can perhaps gness it?" Valkyrie shook her head sadly. " The yacht encountered a dreadful storm, sad &U; -on board with the exoeption of Sir Noel were last." Valkyrie sprang up as with an eleetric shock. "Noel saved'"she gasped. " Why did you not tell me before?" " If it is aoeh joyful new. to you, what must it have been to his poor wife?" Sir Jamas said with stern reminder. Valkyrie cowed down, and in that moment she realized what the shame of the life she had chosen might have been had she not been saved from it at the eleventh hour. "Sir Noel left Australia weeks ago, going ne one knows whither. He is a sadly changed man. He believes you were lost. You are needed at Bellarine; there is work for you there." He was ruing but she etopped him. " I have been very wicked, Sir James," she .aid humbly and pleadingly, "and Heaven has been good and forgiving to me in sending you co me. I am sorry for what I have done. Now tell me of Thora; is she with Noel or is she at Bellarine?" "Lady Erringdean is at Bellarine.** "And is she well?" " It is well with her," he replied solemnly. " Does she ask for me? Does Ehe know I am saved?" the sufferer questioned. " I believe she knows you are saved. When last I saw her she spoke lovingly of you." After a moment Valkyrie spoke again. " Will you send a message to Thora from me?" Sir James was silent. " What is the matter? Why are you so strange when I speak of my sister?" she cried, raising herself on her elbow. " Why is she at Bellarine and Noel away. Does she knowdoes she think ? But. no: you told me none knew." A pause, and with an awestruck look of intelligence -on her face, her voice grew deep as she asked one question more— " la Thora—dead?" And Sir James stood silent with acquiescent bead. Her grasp upon his hand relaxed, and with a white, stricken face she fell back insensible. They brought her home to Longreash, and ehe eventually elected to reside in Bellarine. fier brother ud aunt in Europe urged her to A come home, but she was afraid of the ocean journey. Some day she might venture, but for the present she would live quietly in the old house with the madre and take care of Thora'schild. During these years of panitenoe and regret she walked day by day to her sister's grave on the hill and looked across it over the waters sparkling in the summer sunshine, or sobbing beneath-a sky where winter's- grey tresses were floating, none save herself knowing for what she Was watching. " I knew you would come back' some day," she murmured to Sir Noel after telling liim the story of her rescue; "and so I waited and watched the years away." And as Sir Noel clasped to his breast the weman who had changed his life's story, he felt that out of great evil and great repentance had come to him good. " ' THE END. . 