MARRIAGE UNDER, DIFFICULTIES '.Frontier women hare usually strong- nerves, nnd the experiences of Miss Maud Cranston, who resides near Kooteriay Lake, in the far cast of British Columbia; as re lated by'- a contemporary, show that, they riecd them, If we may accept her story with out mjsglvlng.' The toearis ot getting mar ried, wo are led to Infer, Were nottot hand to tbe district where the youiig lady resided; lri fact, trie minister' failed to keep his ap pointment. Therefore- slie' set Out In com pany with lidt' relatives and lriteiidod hus band, J. A. Carson; on board the steadier Klondike, for Bonner's Ferry, 111 the adjoin ing Sthte' of Idaho, there to ' got married. As the boat passed the house of the preacher who hail '"undertaken to perform the core- iiioiiy tlioy Sriw that the reverend gentle man whs a prisoner on the roof of his sub- iiierged residence, a sudden rise of tlie river baring flooded trie valley. Tlie dripping toun was brought on board. AVlille lie was cMlng- Ing" MS wet clothes the steamer called at Rice's landing, where two freslt passengers came oil board witli a rough' pine coffin; con- tabling the. remains of James ' Carter,' who bad heeri' ilroWried 'in the' river the ilaj be fore. When tlie preacher came on deck in dry . clothes the young couple snld they would lmve the marriage take place there lind' theh. The ' ceremony had ' reached almost the point Where the clergyman should .declare thein niari and wife when two dogs began to fight, upsetting the flinisy pine coffin,. thc full breaking It opeu. : One glance Ut" "the' dead 'mail's features, and' the bride gave a Scroato ' and '"swooned away In tbe anus ot the groom. The corpse Was that of a' former lover to whom she. had been en gaged to bo toairled. She' speedily rose superior t6l the shock, aud called upon the minister to llnlsli the ceremony, declaring tlint neither ghosts nor drowned meu'shorild Stand lu the wny/of/her becoming Mrs. Oar- son. Carson, remarks an English contem- porary, has got a wife In a thousand. 