FREE LOVE COMMUNITY. Public attentiou has again been called to au undesirable religious association calling them selves ' The Sanctified Church' or ' Tho Sanctified Band,' by an attack made by indig nant citizens on a colony of thorn on tho bunk* of tLo Chowan Kiver, near Montrose, North Carolina. The light, which occurred somo days ago, resulted in the death of one woman and tbo wounding of several men, some of them seri ously. ' The Sanctified Church ' is'ono of the roost peculiar religious organisations in tbo world, aud is the only one of the sort in America. Tbe teachings of the leaders aro repugnant to American idous and American customs, aud tho law has saveral times inter rered to stop the evil pructices douo under tho cloak of roligiou. The Albemarle section of North Carolina is filled with various colonies, all members of the general organisa tion of tbe ' SaucliGed Band.' Tnoj live in boats, which they cull arks. Constructed of rough lumber, these arks are meiely house boats, with neither sads, oars, nor other means of locomotion. Sometimes they are dragged up on tho bai.k nhen it in decided to make a pro tructcd stuy. ? WLen launched ngain tho ark drifts around uiless somo passing boatman gives it a cable and tows it to some other town or landing. At more thau ono town tho inhabit ants of thesu arks have been told, either by a dtlecation of citizens or the officers of tho law, I hut they must move, and a refusal to hoist anchor has remlted in war. TLe'arkn vary in size, but thev are , all the same. In one eud is u siuull room containing a- . cookins otovu and kituhen utensils. Hera tho food for the inhabitants of the croft is pre pured- Adjoining is a larger room used alter nately aB a dining-room and meeting- place, where public aud private worship is conducted. In thn other end of tho boat is another largi r room used as a fleoping apartment. No privacy ia given the occupants, and they sleep together, re^Hrdless of sex, age, or relationship. Tbe public are frtoly admitted into tbo kitchon and. assembly room, but no one is allowed to enter; tbe sleeping apartment except those who are ' sanctified.' It is a sort of holy of holies re» sorved for tha exclusive use of members of the) band. The discipline of the SanctiOed Churoht teaohes that no one can go to heaven until ho or sho has become sanctified iu body as well aS in spirit. This ' sanotiDeation ' takos place; instantly, and is not a matter of growth, anci it renders the 'sanctified' persona incapable of siu. This is explained as moaning that) nothing that a ' sanctified ' -person doe* io or can bo sinful. Acts whicbi would be wrong iu the unsanctified are) portictly proper when committed by those) who have beBii puritied by this sanetification process. They aBsert that a civil marriage lsj uo marriage,:tud that a sanctified person caunou dwell with tbe misanctifisd. Thi.s logic hap) caused husbands to desert wives uud wives to) desert husbands, and the teaching of it hail been the csuse of the attacks made OU 'tho sanctified Dands ' by the dwellcrt) in tbo towns tbe bands havo visited* Tho Sauotilii-d Church bid its origin eight) years ago ou ChincoUtague Island, Accomao) County, Va, Joseph Burnaid Lynch, the richest) man ou the island, claimed to have been visitedl by uu angel during a trance, and to bavo beent told that he was ' sanctified.' He begani preachiug his doctriue, and soou had a uumbort of followers. Another regulation of the .'-unotH Bed Church i» the system of having ' fellow» watchmen.' This regulation requires eac&l; male member and the wife of another memberr daily to ' watch aod pray.' Single womeul aro nob allowed to become ' fellow'watchmoa.'* 'ThoSanotitted Bauil ' is a free-Ion) Bociety, Ignorant Men and Women. Even those who were most bitterly opposed! to the doings of the ' sanctified band ' weut- to their meetings out of curiinity. If they hadt wives or children they came away with curses 3 if not, thry departed with laughter' and wentt again. They wore first . amused, then intefS' ested, and lastly converted. Three weeks ago things came to such a pass that the residents o't Chowan county made up their minds th»t| they could starid it no longer.' Word waf» passed around that a movement wus to be made) against tho ' Sanctified Band.' A great re* rival meoting was scheduled by the 'Sanotifirdt Band,' for Friday evening. Wood wafi gathered for ?' watch fires ' and placed in greati heaps on the margin of tho forest behind thtl arks. The converted families living in thti region round about gathered at tho spot early in the evening. The grassy plots were full off quiet groups, discussing siu and sanolifioation» tbe woather, and the peanut crop. Shortly after sunset there arose a - oft haud-cluppiug; in an open space near tho shore end oil one of the arks. Immediately e»ery member o^ cdo Danu rained rouud tbo leader, a f»l\ dumpy man, with a full moon face, and prottjt soon the air resounded with a corn poppinn chorus of band claps. It reminded one forcibly of tho calisthenics of a kindergarten. It was notj applause, but a sort of preliminary hallelujah, Kishtiu the midst of ib all ' there came tbe sound of a horse galloping along thn dim trnil leading from the upland, the crash of (twinging brarichen, and a brond hatted young farmer, a late convert, dashed into the firelight, shout-, ing, ' Olar out, you'iins ; tho oubelievers id comin . Thi-y'lt be byur in an bour,aud thoy'ra comin' a shootiu'.' Did Joneph Lynch and his sanctified hand! flinch? Not a bit of it. When did ever a Fuuatic lliuch at the approach of tbe galloping ghost on the white horse ? l'aces weut pale, and teeth were- set, bnb that was sill. ?? The Lord's will be done !' said ono. ' God save us 1' cried another. Half u dozen men began to put out the fires.Tho womon and children ran to the arks. The eight families living over in thB pine fiats hustled into their waggonB and rattled awBy into tl.o woods. When everybody w»s on board tho arks the four hcwseliko struc tures were uumooreil, and pulled slowly aud ' Uusriously into tho stream until they woro' fifty yards from tbe shore Here the anchors wore cast, aud the sanctified bund waited for tho worst. The women were atfirBt tent into tbe ? rootuR an the river side of tne arks. Then as time passed on without incident, confidence was restored, and the members of the ' Sanctified Band ' resumed their accustomed places. At the same timo a dozen or more men kept wntcb, while tbu others slept. These men orouched »lung tho little gnngways at tbe sides of the arks ns quiet as death. Inmde they cniild hear uu occasional .fraementary prayer from some of the women. On the east hung the dark wall of forest with tbe moon floating above it like a silver bull. The whip-uoor-wills were crying to each other in the dark just, an tt.ey bad called ovtry nigV.t since tbo arrival of the arks. It was past midnight, und the watchers were about to turn in. ?' I guess it's all a mistake,' said one of them. At that instant from tbe forest there cmno the sound of bieaking twigs nnd tbe murmur of voices. Dark forms flitted i-lung the shore in the moou-laccd shadows. Tl ere were smuthered exclamations of sui prise, uud disappointment. Then, after a brief puus*. th«ro came tie rattle and crash of firearms and tho loud shrieks aid eries of startled womeu and children. Tbe bullets came ripping through tbo sides of the ark without cessation. Then somebody— a woman, evidently— struck up a song. It was — I will nriso and go to Jesus, He will eoibraoo me in His arms ; In the arms of my dear Saviour, Oh, there are ten thousand charms. ; Tbe song died away in a groan. . Tbo fiui lado ceased. Kaucsus cri«», purses, and threats ' were heard from the river bank. . Then silence fell; eare; for a sound of mouruiag ! in the arks ;— -a wail of prayer and of wcepiuir. The Caro lina Regulators bad paid tbe first instalment of their resentment in blood and death, and one of the best known' of Joseph Lyuch's women converts bad paid the, penalty of conversion with her life. She was tho Patty Watkins of tho '? Sanctified Banrl.' so far as singing and enthusiasm went, and great was tho grief Among tbe converts at her suddi u death. Vet, not ft word w»s said in bitterness against tboso who had killed her savo that they jrere ' pore sinners and unbelievers,' Printed in Neva South Wales, 