Religious LOOKING BACK FROM THE PLOUGH. A SERMON BY THE REV. DR. TALMAGE. "No man, having put his hand to the plough, and looking back, is fit for the kingdom of God."—Luke ix. 62. Many of us were brought up in the country end we learned how to plough. It seems a .very easy process to a man who has never tried, as he stands looking over the feace, and sees the plough glide smoothly through the field. One would think all you have to do would -be to take hold of the handles, and |>ut the point of the coulter in the BOtl, and then tell the horses to start ; but to send (he plough vigorously through at equal depth of earth, and, without being stopped by stone or stump, make a clear, straight furrow from one end to • the other, requires a good deal of care. Many a one has lost his patience in the process, and when he first began to plough, has been knocked flit by the plough handles. Here is a boy that attempts to plough but Instead of kte.:l g his eye on the beam of the plough, or on the horses that are dragglug ths ploijth, he is looking this way and that, sometimes looking back to the end of the flald from .which he started. The husbandman comeß down in the field, and says "My boy, you .will never make a ploughman in that way. .You must keep your eye on your work, or I shall discharge you, and put some one else In your place. See here, what a crooked furrow you have been making !" Now, it is this illustration that Christ p:63cuts in order to show up the folly of that man w-o, once Laving started towards heaven, is averted this way and that/ often looking back to the starting-place. "No man, hav ing put his hand to the plough, and looking back, is fit for the kingdom of God." I stand (before many who have 'been rousei to religious consideration, and some or the.ii passed on into the life of the gospel. O.hera nave not got so far as that. They bad started. They had their hands on tfia plough. The barren soil of the heart be gan to upturn in preparation for a glorious harvest. But' mid-furrow the plough strip ped. They looked back, and showed they were not fit for the kingdom of God. They halted, some of them never again to start. —others to be persuaded by the Spirit of God, through this sermon, to resume their! duty. 1\. I remark that many surrender their religious Impressions simply because, like this man in the text, they do not want to give up their friends and connections. The probability is that the majority of yom friends are not true Christians. You do not want to turn your back Upon tnem-~ you do not, by your action, want seemingly to condemn their behaviour: and so the .wWe waits for the husband to come to Christ, and so, the husband waits for the iwife to come to Christ, and they neither come. One in life ! One in death ! One in the loss of the soul ! And bo there ar* children who do not come because parents do not come. They Bay, "If religion were really anything particular, father would at tend to it, If religion were anything very important, I am sure mother would attend to it. They stay out of the kingdom, and I will stay." Unhappily there arc some who cannot serve God alone. They resolve to start heavenward ; but one good round of laugh- Ing scorn at the supper-table ends all their religious ihnpresslons. They want to gat to iheaven ; but they cannot endure the domes tic opposition, the' social opposition. They put their hand to the plough and say, "Wit ness, ye men aud angels. This flay I take Chrlat, and start for heaven" ; 'but to- mor row they look (back. Down tat the club house one day, they say, "Where Is Mr. So and-so ? t have not seen him here for four or five weeks." " Oh," cays some on©, "he is attending religious meetings." After awhile the new convert goes amid those old associates, and when they see him comlns they say, "Oh, here comes tour Christian. How solemn he looks ! Mighty good he ha? got to be, hasn't he ? Corae, now, you're a Christian, they tell me ; just get down here and pray for us, and whistle one of 'your old church tunes. .What ! ashamed to do it ? I thought you were a hypocrite !" Oh, to stajid that bombardment, to be thrown out of old companionship, to be tabooed, and caricatured, and pointed at. 13 like cutting off the right arm or plucking out the right eye. Triumph over these in fluences, many shall. Go down under them, many do. 2\. I remark that sometimes people sur render their religious Impressions beeauas they want to take one more look at sin. They resolved that they would give up sin ful Indulgences, but they have bean hanker ing after them ever since, thirsty for them ; and, finally, they conclude to go ln'o theii. Bo there is a man who. under the Influence of the Holy Spirit, resolves he will "give up sharp practices in business. I once was fraudulent ; I will cease to bo fraudulent, even respectably fraudulent." But the time passes en, and one day he wakes up and says, " I find that men in my branch of business overreach. I don't know why I should be blamed if sometimes I shojld overreach. Besides that, It is impossible to be severely honest in this day, and a man must make a living. Religion may do very well for the church, but it don't work in the business." So the man go*s back to his old sharp practices In business, forgetful of the Bible warning, " As a part ridge sltteth on eggs and hatcheth them not, so are riches got by fraud ; a man Eh ill leave them in the midst of his days, and at the end he shall be a fool." Oh. there are ten thousand witcheries which, after a man has started for hoaven, compel him to look back. mwem ly, and they say, " Here, I'll give It all up. i will not be bothered-any more" ; and to they get rest; but it is the rest of the drowning man who, after half-an-hour bat tling with the waves, says, " There's no use ; I can't swim ashore ; I'll drown" ; and he goes down. Oh, we do not hide tn« fact that to become a Christian demands the gathering up of all the energies of the soul. But who are we that, having fought God for twenty or thirty years, we should become upiteful and rebellious because. Jin one day or hour, or in one week or month, we do not find pardon ? There are many souls surrounded by temptations that would keep them away from God and heaven—temptations to the right, temptations to the left, temptations behind them, temptations before them ; and I tell you now, that your only dellverauce 4s In the strength of the Lord God Al mighty, to trample them down, and go on getting the victory through the Lord Jesus Christ. Alas, if you surrender, and are cut to pieces by the bombardment from all sides ! Your only way out Is forward, Into the liberty and light of the gospel. A as, if now you look back 1 4\. I have to remark that the vast majority of those who once saw their duty and s'art ed heavenward, but have looked back, neve;* start again, and are lost. There Is nothing short of the thunders of 'the (last day that will rouse them, and that will be too late. I think that out of every hundred cases there are not more than one or two that ever start heavenward again. I do not know that there Is more than ono out of a thousand. Having started and stopped, they stop for ever, so far «as religious im pressions are concerned. Misfortunes come —no Divine alleviation tor them. Sick nesses come—no -Divine physician for them. Death comes—no Divine warmth to take off the chill, or heavenly lamp to lllumino the darkness. They die crying, "No hope !" and, plunging down Into the bottomless depth, the winds whistle It, *jpT^o hope !" and destroyed spirits re-echo it, "No hope !" and everlasting ages hand it on to, everlasting ages ; but there is no hopa. They started, they stopped, they looked back, and that ended their opportunities Or salvation. They became lost men. But. as I have just now remarked, there are exceptions to the rule, and II preach to those exceptions. I want to tell those wb.3 have begun to seek after Ood, but have sur rendered their religious impressions, of a Saviour's compassion and His bleeding cross. • > " Sinful soul, what bast thou done ? Crucified the eternal Son." Oh, how could you look back ? Did you not know it was at fearful hazard ? What a mercy that God 'spared you ; that whea you looked back, God did not look back ; that when you stopped praying, God did not stop beseeching; that the blood of the atonement, upon which you put your un grateful loot, did not cry out in vengeance against your soul ! Yes, my friends, you know all this s.ory. You will not In the last great day be able to plead ignorance. You know if you die out of Christ, you die for ever. You know, too, that in proportion as the soul's opportunities for salvation have been numerous and ele vated, its last account will be stupendous. You know —you cannot doubt it —that beyond the margin of this life there 13 another life —a glorious heaven or an awful hell ; and that towards one of those destinies you ara speeding swifter than the lightning ! You know all that so well that you can never say you did not know it. Could you blame GoJ if He should cease importuning ? Could you blame the Holy Ghost If He should be gone ? Could you blame the Lord Jesus Christ If He should say, L " I have done. I pleaded with that man. He has rejected Me. Now I will reject him" ? What plea, what excuse, could you make at the last I day ? Could you say, " I never had any chance" '.' Why, the open books of Judg ment would show you the record of Sab batbß, sermons —ten thousand religious ad vantages. There are some of you to whom God has given very large faculties "for usefulness. If you had come Into the kingdom of God, you might have made the Church of Christ rejoice long ago ; and what vast usefulness you might have accomplished with_ the mental furniture which God gave you ! And yet I think that you are ready to ad mit this morning, that so far as your own soul Is concerned, and so far as the w«lfwe of others is concerned, your life has been a failure ; and the only question Is uowr whether the few remaining years of your life Bball go in the same direction. Oh, If at last you have a deliberate going nut of tills world—if, lying down to die, you kuow you are going to. die, and you have an op portunity of looking back upon your life, I am afraid that your pillow will be very hard and thorny. That must be a mighty calholicon which can soothe the anguish r.f a man looking back upon a wasted life. Amid th.v chief sorrows of that day to you will Le the consideration that you on?e were almci.t dienthralled from sin ; that once you did quite make up your mind to seek after God, and did really start heavenward, and put your hands on the plo'ign : Mit, lacking in persistence of purpose, and wrcng ly estimating the hazard you ran, and de ceived by the fatal spirit of procr.\sMnatiou, you looked back. " Behold, now is the ac cepted tiute, now is the day of salvation.' Look to Christ and live ! - ■ 