fARIETIES A WUiUAiN s m^A^ur*. {Scene : A small tea-room a la Jnpenaise. ■Storks clamber over the wall* anti the frieze seem to he a continuous cri.iio with old-roue legs and a purple bill. The air is tilled with the sharp scout of incense rising fri in a tiny bruiser burning l»efore the huge hraas Joss on the mantt 1. The hostess nwaits her guests in a kimono of many shad. s.her level etebr vrn have a distinct slant and h» r small feet slip half out of a pair of sandals at every motion. A Japaueseiervant holds back the ruttling curtain and a lady enters. The Lady: “Oh, Amy, i* that you?’ The Hastens (smiling) : “ No. dear *, it the ghost of my great-grandmother.” The Lady : " Oh, I see. I’ve done one of those unnecessary questions, haven’t ! ?” The Hostess (laughing): “Yes, but I don’t know that you need he pr< n > of it !” The Lady (look ng about; : “ What time is it, anyway ? 1 suppose they don’t have clocks in Japan. I’m very « any .J” The H stess : •• A little. No one is like'y to come for ten minutes. 1 go* myself into these things in time to have a iire>s rehearsal with the tea things, (Holding up her square sleeve.) Do say something funny, so th«t I can laugh in this ; it’s big t-itough to hold » pen. 11 ro*r.” The Lady (suddenly) . “ Tom v. ns driving with her again yeateidwy. Everybody saw them. Isn’t it perfectly infuriating ?” The Hostess (gently) : " It is veiy hard for you. Do you mind it very much, de r ? ” The Lady (petulantly): “ Mind it ? Well, I should think 1 did ! Married only six months and to have one’s husband going about with a girl like that! An impossible cr< aim e who isn’t even in one’s own set, and who wears gowns that are simply gba.->tly.” Thu Hostess : “Hut perlups— if you were more considerate—1 uuan if you didn’t go out so much with Will Jarvis, who was once well known to be rather epris—” The Lady (hastily) : “Oh ! that’s nothing. Tom isn’t a bit jealous. Neither am I, but ho might have picked out somebody I knew.’’ The Hostess (seriously): “ Do you and Tom really care for one Kindlier ? ” The Lady (staring): “ Of course not. But we don’t quarn-1— at least, net in public. Why (flippantly), he liken that girl better than he does me.” The Hostess : “ And Will Jarvis thinks it is very poor taste, eh ? ” The Lady (looking down): “ Perhaps.” The Hostess : “ How con yeti endure a life like this, so full of bittemrsa and dang-r to yourself and others ? Why don’t you and Tom part, aud at least live honestly ? ” The Lady : “ You mean divorce, of course. I’ve thought of that, of course, but you see I can’t—at least, junt yet.” The Ho^teas: “ Ah, then >ou tio car** for Tom a little, after all ! Be patient and I’m sure ifc will come out—” The Lady (Lushing) : “ What a senti mentalist you are! Do you want to know the reason ? You know Kiltie Hunter—one of my bridesmaids ? 0* the way down the aisle in the church I overheaid her wager a dn«ui pairs of gloves that I wouldn’t live with Tom a year ! Spiteful thing ! So you see, Pro got to.’’ The Hofltess (looking at her guest curiously : " Yes. I sue. You’vu got to.” —••There was mins * luti-snm mu. nimitri Dimitriewitch — there or tl ere»* outs. lie * oecufied h. tolerdily powerful (lnv«rnmiurt t position in a certain Kussian coun'iy town - in r fact be was k sort of gloitlicd emtntv v.amclllor. lie loved wine, woman, and soup, particularly woman. Also curds and horses. The e qualities ho shared with all other Bus ian Government officials. One af eium.n h« wont as he usually did, to take tea with the lovely widow, Alexandra Wnssilycvna, who received him, contrary to her usual cu-tom. with a sid and ami dep esseil mnnuer. With tender m \iety, he asked the re.if-on of h* r sadness. “ Dimitri,” she replied, bursting into tenia, " You know how passionately I love music ; And I have no piano ! And when you are away I have no solace, no-” *' My sweet little strawberry ! Sun < f my existence ! You know you never expressed a wish which I did not immediately gratify ! You have on’y to com mand, and the piano is hen1 ! ” “ Oh ! ” cried Alexandra, in a voice of ecstacy, her tears all gone. “ Do yon mean a grand ? ” “A grand/ declared Dimitri. But Alexandra’s smiles din nppeHredfts quickly ns they had come. “Dimitri Dimitriewitch,” she said, “ You are promising an impossibility ; yon are not telling me the truth ! How can a piano be brought here from the station through the bottomless sand in summer, or the still more bottomless mud in Bpriug or autumn Y ” “On a sleigh in winter,” replied Dimitri, with decision. “ No, t! c piano would be ruined by the cold,” and Alexandra began to weep afresh. “Loveliest flower in the garden of earth,” cried Dimitri, “ it shall be done ; a road filial] be made i n purpose ! ” u Friend of my soul,” murmured Alexandra, “I thank you.” Dimitri always kept bi.% word when it was possible without any grave in convenience. ISo the next day he dressed in hie best uuiform, and went to explain to the Governor that the town was simply going to rack and ruin for want of a good road to the station. The Governor, who was the father of six unmarried daughters, the eldest ol whom he often thought would make a cap.tal Mrs. Dimitri, received his visitor with much cor diality, quite saw the necefisity of the road, and agreed t*» allow half a million of reubles for the undertaking—that is to say at the rate ol 1 GO,000 roubles per mile. D>mintri went tc work at once. But he reckoned that each mile would cost him 96.000 roubles, at which rate he would only he able to pocket 20,000 roubles, on on the whole transaction, it struck him he could not afford to make a foundation to the road. Nor did he ; so that the work got on quicklj. Three miles were already finished, and Dimitri was about to travel to the Government town to receive the. red; of the engineering money, when a fatal thing happened. Alexandra suddenly eloped with a Cossack Hetman named Nicolai Poinitch Dargan, so that the reason for the road existed no longrr. Just as Dimitri, with full pockets but a sore heart, was issuing from the door of the Governor’s palace, he ran into the arms of a li< utenant of dragoons. “ Hallo, Dimitri/' said the lieutenant, 11 it’s ages since we met. L< t’s go to Autonski’s, and have a drink.” A! AntonskiV they found more dra goons, and a little play was proposed. Dimitri had bad luck, and when he left ho had lost 200,000 roubles. He went home very' cross. He had lost Alexandra, he had lost the money for the rest of the road, mid he was quite deter minril not to spend on it what he had already saved out ol it. *So he lifst gave ortb r.s to leave off working. By and by cumiplaints reached the Governor’s care, and he * r«i« red Dimitri to appear before him. *'Dimitri Dimitri witth,” said his Excellency in severe tones, “ take a cigarette and sit down.” '* i o hear is to obey, your Excellency,” replied the cuq rit, ooing as he was tefd. “ Dimitri Dimitriewitch,” con tinued the Gove n or, “I !n*ve in urd crriblo tales of you. Why did you no! hive a founda tion put to the road ? ” *' 1 feugotit, your •xceUency.” And why didn't you finish.the road ? " “I forgot it, your Excellency." •* And the money you re; cive 1 for th? ioa ’ y- '* 1 .sfc at cards. Didn’t you know it w: s his Majesty the Emperor’s money?”. “1 fos*g* t it, your Excellency.” “ Dimilri Dimifcricwifch, yon have robbed\ his Mnjcs'y our gracious Czar, whom Go l protect This is a si rious crime and, sorry as I am, for 1 am fond of yon, it mu.it be punished. Either you must marry my eldest daughter, or you must be—ahem, trftDB , ferred, shall we call it ? ” 