ANGLICAN CHURCH. H'J EABLY HISTORY. FOUBTH ADDRESS. "In (ha Name of the Father, and of the SOD, and of tfae Holy Ghost. Amen." Intojtbemidst of the dark nere that was over the land and the gross darkneta that covered the people during the usurpation of the Botaan Church in the Middle Age*, called rightly the "Dark Aftes." many a bright light entered, shed forth the ia>e of the troth, and in each instance departed, i®*, T1D 8'behind many earnest and persevering followets. To rightly understand the Befortnahnn of the Church, it must he gist con* ceded that the church, no* acbutch, not a eect, or onion, or connection, or So-iety of Christians. but that the One Holy Cath >lio •nd AiftetoHo Church of England exited Not only so, hut that the B formation of \- -vhtch our opponents speak so often in the press and pulpit as if tu prove a oase against ue, bnt proves the case in our favor, for at a they not declaring that so intrinsic was the value, so great the import*- ce, so vast the inheritance, eo noble the destiny of the Church, tha* it dare not be destrovrd, so it must, at all costs, be pienerved. Note, brethren, this preservation was not a casting away of all ana a formation of all an* w, but • retaining of everything really w >rth retaining, and a reformation. A ptnginp, indeed, ef "the old leaven of malice and wickedness," and the resnimation n< d ieviva! to the power of endless life through the true Isaven of "sincerity and truth," which is really and effectually leavening the wh le world; a< leaven which, if tb« is to be p<eeerved, will one day permeate even itito the centre of the Church of Rome. Perhaps no portion of chuich history has recoived gioator attention and brough' forth such a variety of writings as the Beformation peiiod To gtve e;yen an outline is beyond the limits <>f our time. But, brethren, I ask you to realise one leading fact: Thia Beformhtion was not an event, as i <r instance a battle, or a corona tionofa mooarrh Too often this idea i« associated withthis great work. It is veiy incorrect, and betrays an unpardonable ig- norance of history. We may as well rpeak of the Conquest of England by the Normans as an event. The actual decisive battle of Hastings was, but that did not completo the Conquest. Not till after Willi .in the Fust was dust and ashes, was the work he began, concluded. So with the peiiod of the Information. Wycliffe stiuek the lint note that reached the ears of all the fwople, though indeed many had before his time striven to ehow the people a be ter w^y. We must not be led away by a popular ciy of a paity in the church, that ail and everything W^ cliff * said and did was worthy of praise lie was by no means a nan to be ett before us tor imitation. Nor is it to be supposed that it was possible for on«- eo steeped iu Papalism to emerge into life and liberty such as, tbank God. is our gieat inheritance. John Wycliff* was bom in 1324 A.D. in York-hire, end received bis education at Oxford, even then an lmportan 1 seat of learning. He remained at Oxford till ho became Master of Balliol in 1361\. Strange to aay, another John Wycliffe was Vaster of Merton, eo we must distiuguich between the two. lhe Beformer was at BaUiol College, and presenti d in 1361 to the unngof Fillinpham, in Lincolnshire. He obtained permission to continue his studies at Oxford, and in 1363 took his Doctor in Divinity degree. His oremiee e*y that at this time he sadly changed and tnugh heresy He taughttbat " no one in holy orders ought to exercise temporal authority " This, of course, though, pot s'atrd aa su-h. was a blow aimed at the Bit>hop of Rome, who, unlike his great predecessor. Si Gn-gory the Great,_ aiffiid at uiiiveieal and temporal dominion. 1 may hive be allowed to retniud you that to-day (12th March) we be*-p in memory St; On gory acooiding to our prayer book calendar, as on the 17th our own St. Patriot's life aud work w.ll be in remembranoe Hay he livee of these <woh»l> men of God have direct and beneHcial influence on our own. This and kindred opiuims wore very acceptable to the Court and anti-Church o! Home party, already <•£ some power in the Church of England. Wycliffe declared th.t the King of EnglanJ was supreme iu his own dominion. This doctrine was tha' upon which king and people had then long riven to act. A foreign power bad as ofteu stepped in between the civil rights and liberties of the peoples of Chri*tei.dom, and ih«ir tupposed allegiance to an authority tbey detested. Prom the time of fief rid. the King of Northumbii*; when the P. pes bull was reoeived with contempt and Wilfrid. the first one to appeal to a foreign autho itv, was thrown into p ison for so d>iog to he final dismissal of every t-ymb 1 of power in the reign of Elisabeth, tUere e ruggles bad continued. Wycliffe was a true nationalist, in the proper eefcee of the word, and his church and countiy he dearly loved. He led the way to the restoration of a free church and king i* a free country; though long, long before declared by the Magna Charta to be the prerogatives of England. As was to be expected, Wycliffe became a aubjeot for penecuion , There could be no suen thing allowed a* liberty in thought, word, or deed: but timerend oft, like St. Paul, be escaped out of their hands. I should be v«ry sorry to teach or believe all that Wvoliff* taught and believed,. and, for th" matter of tb»t. What Luther, Crammer, Knox, and other great reformers believed and taught. No one flan set forth Wycliffe as an example to be followed in all the ways he led,' tfut he did many things tt>at mfee Li a nr<d and honored iu the Church Ue boldly rebuked •ice, he denied the temporal soveriguity of Borne, he strove for the liberties of the king, church, and people/and, abrvo all, he gave to England the Bible iu the tongue of th-i people. England always demanded a Bible in the common language. Bede translated portions, and diedjust as he hsd completed the Gospd oI St. John. Alfred the Great waa employedW the work, and Wyoiiff.) carried on the noble enterprise. I may perhaps be allowed*oremind you that Wycliffe'e work •ndthat tff-biseoribes.of whom many were gstbered round bim, was all in careful, laborious handwriting. No printing press in those days assisted them. Careful, painstaking toil, for you and for me, these noble eouls endured Of Wycliffe it wbb said tbat he bad promised to make the boy that followed the plough have the opportunity of *»ading Q, d s Word, atid |os life of servioe to the Church h«s hronght his words thtir fulfilaenf. Truly did Wyohfife feel the force of the gylwjsts words—" Put not your trust in princes, nor in any. child of man, for there is t»hslp k them.' r (ft. 116-2) For a long time, while he was ohiefly claiming tempo< at things for the king and kingdom, the great 4< ft*, land stood by him, but when he femytd bis thought* and power* to the gross Avils spiritually, tha were over the hnarts and epasciences of all men, then they l«tt him to *t*0$ ar foil alone. The pause of this desert w ^ the part of John ot Gaunt and the viae tf Lancaster was Wycliffe a statements srting th'e Holy JSoohanst. He denied Papal doctrine of Trauaubatantution. — fifst propodtitm on the subject ran th'is: " Tbe toueomted host whjch we see upon y iwtfew 0b'itf «or »py psxof Him, but an effioMaous rign of Him." There were twelve propositions in all After a long debate before the Universi y of Oxford his doctrinee were oondemned, which was at thut time to be expected. And then i* was when he appealed to his late friends they left him alone Th* true boldness of the man then came to the front. And his University was so far in agreement with bim that they t«ok no steps against him. I wish t,had thi time to derote to this one reformer, but I must not stay, though the life and times of John Wycliffe form one of the most instructive in church his'orj. He ended his days in peace, dying at his Rectory at Lutterworth in % good old age, passing to his great reward on the last day. ot the year A D. 1384. It is welll known that the Council of the Soman Church at Constance, which they style Geneial or (Ecumenical in 1414, or 3(1 years after he had entered into. his rest, csnied away bv " the batted they bad for the truth he and John HUBS tsught, ordered tbat the one then living should be burnt, and the grave of Wycliffe should be desecrated and hts bfrm burnt. Could malice from benea'h go further than that exhibited at that Council- This docee w>s literally c<rried out 1 now quote from the his ory of the church before-namod, page 444: " Thi spirit of revolt against superstitious doctrine*, which were founded not ou Scripture nor on primitive antiquity, but ou the enunoiatious of the church ofthe d»y (i t. the Roman, not the English), onoe ivok d could net again be suppressed. Wycliffe had evoked this spirit, and at the same time supplied the matoiixl for its support iu the vernacular Hciiptures aud his Eugii h trac s." Thus the Beformatinn was acpiritual an l not a carnal or temporal movement. Thtm who affirm that tha Beformation was a political movement know not of what they speak. In God s goodness to us the ears ot the < hurch of Home were stopped and htard not the cry of the Cburoh of Cngland. of Germany, of tbo Netherlands, ana will not' listen even now Then the ball was at her feet, the power in her hand; but now, knowing not the time of her visitation, her glories, both spiritual aud temporal have departed. Ij*t us for a moment pause and consider how wonderfully God was workibg in England at this time. \V« may ask why was not Wycliffe burnt, when many for lesser evils, so called by the Human Church, have been buriind " from prisou and from judgment,' The reason is that the Church of England then had no lavs, nor weie there any in the laud, that could touch Wycliffe end his followers, the Lollards, so called from "lolleu" (low German) to sing slowly, Beligious persecutions were not then knowu in England. Had there been the prosecutions then that ctrite to tie the case later on, we oanuot tell, but that the lamp of truth had not burned eo brightly as if did. The teachings of Wycliffe soon spread over England, and wore well known on the Con'iiient of Europe. As now we have reached' the time when the Reformation bad really and trulf b»gun in England, never to be extinpui-hed, it will be to our advantage to consider* three or four matters respecting this movement. Iu the first plaoe, the Beformation began amongst the people, and worked nftoard to -the throne ft was not in any way whatever State instituted. The btate bad nothing to do with it iu' its inception, progress, or fulness. When the time came all that the State did was to give safety in life end liber y to .those who professed the Beformed faith. But the (State never invented a new religi >n, and then told the people they must conform to this State^deVised cteed. This'is what some ignorant teachers would hhve you believe. Bret hern, it was the work uf the Church. The Catholic Church of England, which had inherent powet wi hi« herself to reform htrself, and reform herself she ^id, without any outside help. Because ihe w«» Catholio and free, she stood on' her own righto and maintained *Jiem intact. In the second plaoe, the Chuich retained h«r coutiuui y. she is no new organisation, bu the same one M that in whiui Kt. Patrick, St. Columba, and 8t. Atdan Tejoiotd. Legally ahe is the Church of the land and people; who received the loriug giftsof her liberal children in the past to be furwver bsr legal inheritance Histoiioally she is thesame undivided " Ecolesia' of ancient Britain, and no break i found iu her long history. A hd, again, she is in hsrdootrines unchanged. St David, St. t'h >d, and 8t. Niniaa could worship with us to-night, and feet ohe with us in all things, but Would know nothing of the modern and novel manners an{l ceremonies of the church that, in its pure days, sent Auitustiueto preach in Ebgland. Theo logically, we are unchanged. In the third plaoe—and thie is most important for .you to consider- the Church uf Eng4and.has ho blot or stain »f schisni : on her bauner; sha is not guilty of the s n of separation from th« one Holy Ca hohc and ApoStolio Church. She has never broken the unity of Christ a Body, in the World, and eveiy act of repudiation of Papal supremacy emphaeises her loyal- p'*iti»n, loyal to the teachiug* aid traditions of undivided Christendom. We out off Papalism and all that it implies but retained the trUe Unity i f the Spit it. The Church, the Parlifc-: ment, and the Court of England h<d againaud again for o-nturics declared that ho foreign power, be be printt.or .fio^e; should havM any legal authority of hutowii right fi Eneland. These claims were as often disregarded and'dlsabeyed by the Booan Bbh'.p, but not by auy other power, Tbat power whi'h ought to have tbe least to do tn temporal matters was ever mi>ddlins in thiugs that concerned it not at all. Y-u will remember -ha in (279 A D.. Edward I, being king, the Statute of Mortmstn wMpsMed by Parliament, 'I bis Statute was a blow to the Papal claims in England. Inthe year ,1361 : a statute was made called the Stktute of^ Provisory (2$ EI w, HI, »t. if. This was in the r. ign of Etward III. It t« a leng by document, etilt«n our Statutes, and provides tbat no money was to be sent out of the Bealm thai was due to ttia lnng. Th*t patronage was not in the Pope'e handk. but in the hantfe of patrons and of the king. Euaotments were again made in 1362. 1365, and 1890, and theae were ehfa%3 by the strong Parliaments of Henty lV.ifaid'lienry V. Thus it came to pass- that a fros-ki»g and a free church found their counterparts iu each other. By «he Act of Piaemunue appeals to Bolme •were forbidden. All oases, civil and'evlesiastiea!; weft tr be pledged' in England without any foreign influence or iutorferenoe. This great Act whioh nut the Pope . ff from England and meddling with our affairs was passed in 13 S3, and again in 1865\. Biohard II. more fully enaoted it in 1393 (16 Bio. II. c V) and it was then oalled the statute of Prcaoiunire (par excellenoe). The National Church was now beKinuing to find her etrsngth return, and " like a gunt refreshed with wine" (P*. 78-66) she rose in her power to stand untrammelled by Rome. I am not, in these addresses, bringing before you the doctrines of either the Church of England or Bome, nor the lives and characters of the leaders of those churches, but no one can avoid saying that the personalcharacters ef the vatibus Bishtips of Some at th»t time, for over two hundred years, greatly astistei the Church in her work of Beformation. All these men and their works axe as known to any ordinal* reader as the peraonality of Napo.eon I or the doeds of Welliugton. The tide grew stronger and stronger, the light beotme clearer sea deer<tr, and the Ohurob purw end purer. I oo¬ 4° Nttn 'J)»8 etove witb n iftntitm Hume, English hts.. pago 240: "Europe first otmented into a whole by -.h*«onqa«st of the Bomaus, derived a st'Ji furthct bond of union fi^ttf its omn»n. Chris- 1 tiani'y In the darkness of the MidllS^ Ages tbat saored tie had been abused for the purposes of e«ular avarioe and ambition : and Bome, by the power of euperetition inled once more <>%'er thi prostrate n*ti>«s The seeds « f reformation, chok> d in' England by political events, were carried to the continent whence this country received t]i* fruits, which had found the fifSt-jidnSi* in'her own , bosom.- The distingui'-hilfe bi$0rioa|feature of the reigh of ths Ttianrsls the progressiand fin«l establishinent of the Refortixatihti. T&t; great revolution -was acoamptiiied^th at) astouithing progress in manner, literature, and the aits; but, above all, it encouraged the spirit of «ivjl.-frq>d<}m„hy which, unde> the House of Stuart, the latt seal w<» affiled to our constiluti6dal " X leave < hes» words of the historian in your memories, and n» xt Sunday take up the story from Ihe time of Archbieh rp Wareham in 1503 and ttaoe this central portion of church history to its close. 