he g hroi erib ETABLISHED 1854.., espoused. At the utset, 1899.Mr DeakT Ta Scriptuaware that thate SHouse, aols La whgiue, has found favorable to him, and its faceMr Alfred Deakin, who on Tuesday evening as set against any altera petition ofrom the' exsnoor of gthe assembly. Forcibln the directiough desired by the League, andd by that his tiltMember foin their interestsndon, a carefuld serveusal of hiser purpose than re-opening past wrangl args. Briefed, the light of previous knowledge, discloses evidence that'- the biblical instructoleman in State Schools arn of depart ofin the' caurriculum. The hMinister espof Education, followinguin the footstepsakn was aware that the House, as a whole, ofwas unfavpredecesorsable to himas answered its faceNo," was set against any alterxplanation of, that he existing Education Asentin theo imposing updirection desired by the Leteachingstaff the task of interpreilt in their interests could serve no. other puing scriptuhan re- We jopenin issue wrangith l-r eags. Briefed, the League ask forirmnes. biblical instruospectiveon in State Schools asby ay of part of the curriculum. The Minister of Education, fowillowing in the footsteps of his predecessors. has snswered " No," adding, by way of explanation, that he better object lessuld consent that o imposing upown theaffords to illun strate theask of interpret's ing scripture. We join issue with Mr Peacock, and applauded his firmness. A retrospective glance, by way of emphasis, will be opportune, and what better object lesson that our owvn town affords to illustrate the 'League's chances of ever attaining success. Before the introduction of compulsory education, two common or principal schools were in force, the Church of England and Presbyterian. Lessons wvere prefaced and concluded, with common prayer, the head masters always first putting the general inquiry "If any boys' or girls' parents object to their remaining to prayer, they may retire.'.' When State education com nienced, and the common schools were taken 'over by the department, daily prayer ceased, but the then de partmental-head was promptly asked under what conditions he would permit religious instrhction to be imparted to the children. His reply was that classes might be held, "but only after each day's work had closed." The local ministers joined issue with the promotors of the movement, and for the space of two months inflicted such dry- as-dust sermons on their classes of several hundreds of children that with' the infants' patience the course of afternoon services fizzled out. Spas modically, since then, the subject has blossomed and withered, though -it ispleasing torecord thatunow instruction in bible subjects, after school hours, is being vigorously carried on by the Ministers'. Association. About two years ago the Williamstown- District Board of Advice took the subject of religious teaching up, and in a de putation to the Minister of Education requested that the Lord'' Prayer, and Sermon on the Mount might beincluded in the new School Papers, urging that on both all beliefs were agreed, but Mr Peacock's refusal was emphatic. Then a young member of the deputation mentioned the custom which had pre vailed in the books used .before the department took the reins, and asked if it was not possible to introduce the name of God, -as instructive of the necessity of obedience in children, into the Papers. Mr Peacock promised consideration, and when later an issue appeared containing a quotation from Scripture, an avalanche of indignation was hurled at his head. However, the little seed dropped in the Ministerial earfructified, as thefollowingquotations from The School Paper, for Classes V and VI, of the present month, on page two, dislose-"... ....all the pleasures of this world of God '....." that it might please God to avert his heavy calamity from him ".........the Ruler of Kings and men, this Monarch Supreme over empires and republics, the inscrutable Dispenser of life, death, happiness, victory." Here then, we contend, is revealed an all-sufficient answer to the Scripture League's demands-bible teaching actually in State Schools and effected by a humble Board of Advice without parliamentary bolstering up-the niame and presence of God taught within the four walls of every State School in' the colony. ,There is but one observation suits' le to the situation, namely, that the Scripture Leaguers and their able advocate must stand confessed in absolute ignorance of the contents of the very Papers from which their offsepring derive instruction incsh ool and at home of evenings. kTue vehicular subway; has been the burning locail question, and the public, at a meeting held on Monday evening last, evinced a most decided negative to so much money being expended bythe municipality towards its construction considering the paucity of "polpulation and traffic that would benefit thereby; and the general concensus of opinion held lby those who did not attend that meeting'is much on a par with those who did, and they pretty plainly state an improvement of some of our road ways and itreets should be considered in ,preference-especially the Short Road ands approaches thereto; also that a reliable ferry tserviceis . more important to the general piblic.and would increase traffic to and from Williamstowni. At any . rate the -majority think, and have always thought, we should make the very best arrangements for-the public in that manner, and spend the money in im proving the nearest available route to the centre of Melbourne. Of *what use has been the confederation of the Williamstown . and Port Melbourne Councils in devising the construction and maintenance of the Short Road if an efficient ferry service is not made available in conjunction; in fact, no system of ferrying can ever command public patronage until it has been made regular, reliable and reasonable. And what is more, in other parts of .the world where a water way has to be traversed--in the absence of a sus pension or other bridge-by ferry boats, the ferry boats are always duplicated, and money spent on such, when under judicious management and supervision, always has been found to give a good return onthe outlay, and if any any subway-foot or vehicular \--is a necessity in the ihterest of public safety (which many people will not admit). then its construction should devolve on the State, who, in the event of accident through its absence, would become liable for the consequence. Otherwise the subject matter discussed at the meeting convened by His Worship the Mayor on Monday last may very well rest in abeyance until the "clouds roll by" and local rates much less, also the population of Williamstown increased and the best and shortest route to the city is universally voted via the Short Road until the advent of a bridge that shall span the waterway now traversed by what people will persist in calling a ferry boat, and the sooner such is displaced by a structure of more modern date the better for local credit and perspicacity If the- appliances are not in .our midst, indent for wmrterials of the best construction in other markets. No person will grudge an outlay that benefits the township and provides a cheap and speedy transit to and from the city for those who have a penchant for sea bathing, fishing and boating, for which the " fishing village " is famed. As for the inhabitants of Power and Freyer streets, the Williamstown dictator asserts they comprise the stagnation party. UNLEss the council settle down to business quickly, the Hudson's Road obstruction trouble will not eventuate to their credit. Two meetings have already been called, and both have lapsed for want of, a quorum From this it may be gleaned that certain )councillors, inparticular they of many occupations, are shirking their re sponsibilities, and we agree with Cr. Woods that they should be publicly named before their constituents. The history of the dispute is simple. An original plan of stibdivision, showing a road, was prepared but never lodged in the Titles office. Later, the town surveyor under instructions, surveyed the thoroughfare and included it in a plan he was compiling of the district. This, the council contend, entailed the expenditure of ratepayers' monies and established the road. On the other hand, a plan of the Hudson Estate was lodged in-the Titles office; from it a certificate of title was? issued, upon which the present alleged trespassers also obtained a clean certificate and no mention of Hudson's Road was made. Acting; on their title the Melbourne Glass Bottle. Works proprietory are enclosing the supposed road with n brick wall, which the Council propose to pull down and then fight an action for` trespass." The point"involutd"is simply whether the road exists, or not; and this the Council are dallyini over. Meantime, the -building-of-?the -wall proceeds. Copmmon sense dictates that the Council should confer with the Bottle ,-Works proprietary, and save law expenses by a fri. ndiy ref'rence to Queen's Counsel Then if a trespass is being committed;.the wall could be removed ;'if not, then purchase by the Councilt;of.the land"required to keep open Hudson's aRoad ,could be settled by arbitration. If councillors conduct proceedings in the interests of the town they will refrain from a'Tegal battle, and save the ratepayers money in the directio'n we have indicated. THEi tendency towards' higher and more geiieral education is one of the most marked features of late years. The lectures delivered under the ac .pices of the Melbourne University Extension Board in'various parts of' the colony mark the growth of, this movement and. the success which has, at tended these lectures elswhere has induced several Williamstown residents to take steps towards inaugurating a course of lectures in tisi onburb If. is therefore proposed to hold at an early date a meeting of those infterested in the Mechanics Institute when thePresident will preside and an address will be given by Mr W E Cornwell M.A. the genieral' Hon. Sec. of the movement and probably also: by Professor Morris. After, the meeting steps will probably be taken to -selel't.- course of lectures from the list furnished by the Central Board and which covers avariety of subjects including History, -Art. Literature, Music and Science. Those -already taking an interest inithe matter feel confident that the course will be extensively patronized by these local residents who wish, to' have s larger acquaintance with subjects of the above nature. Mr H Upton is acting for the time being as.Hon. ,See. and he will be pleased to answer'all enquiries. TnE work of amalgamating the Footscray and Middle Footecray railway stations, or rather of substituting one station at the site of the junction of-the Bendigo and Williams. town railways for, the two existing.stations. was commenced on Monday morning. The new station, which has already, been 'described in the Chronicle, will be up to. date in-' every redpect; and is estiniated to cost £6,500.. Last'week the Railway Com missioner, accompanied by some of ,his officers, visited the locality, and came to the conclusion that it was advisable to abolish the level crossing at Nicholson street in the vicinity of thenew station site.. Mr Mathie son has' requested Mr Simms, the acting engineer for existing lines, to furnish him with anestimate of the cost of lowering the line at this point and erecting a bridge to carry the street traffic. - .! AN intesting, number of' the Wisdýor. Gazette is published for this month.. A graphic account of this year's Australian cricketers and also photos of the prominent. players. A strainge feature- about the piec tures is that the name of C. licLtod appears under Mr B. McLeod's photo. Possibly it's the London photographer's fault,.or else it isai'an'i block that- the' proprieters of -the Gaiette lhave oifice' Mr Bob McLeod's visit' to the old contry. - -?O ?the motion of Councillor Hick seconded Iby ? Councillor Liston, it .was resolved at Public Works meeting to recommend to the' Gouncil on Monday, the following resolution" upon the subway. " That the council is' of opinion that the amount already offered £650 is adequate for what is required. - THE residence of, Mr William Hayes, Verdon street, was entered by a thief on Sunday night'by forcing the. catch off a I window at the rear of the house. Once on the premises the night- patroller made his way to the room where Mr and Mrs Hayes were sleeping, and there removed. from a drawer without awakening either -of the occupants, three £5 notes, a watch and chain, and other articles'valued in -allt at £32:' ' ' ; - - 'Coiincillol Cullen's coutntiohn at 'Public' Works committee .meeting on Wednesday' was, that the proposal to pay £650 towards, the construction of a vehicular subway 'at the Beach Station was not binding on the council, as it was only an offer made by -a portion of the council. - STuE depositors at the Williamstown and Footecray branches of the Savings Bank are reminded that their pass-books are required for the annual inspection by the auditors on SWednesday, 12th, and Tuesday, 11th July respectively. - - ' ATr the local court - n Tuesday, before Messrs Peel (Mayor), Jobson and Knight,. J's.P., a-lad named Charles Edge was fineda 5s and 5s. costs for driving cows over a Sfootpath. Elizabeth White was also fined 4s and 5s costs for allowing her goats to wander. Thomas Duke and Robinson Bros: obtained orders against Henry Twist and Charles Bennett for £3 4s 6d and £2 13s 5d Srespectively, with the usual costs. AT the" Public Works committee- meeting on Wednesdayeveninglast, while Councillor Hick was addressing the chairman upon the subway, his colleague for the South Ward, Councillot - Cullen, interjected by reminding Shim that he was only talking to the news I papers. To this Councillor Hick replied that he would be perfectly satisfied if they left him entirely alone for three months,'in fact he would give them a trifle to do so.; Tte Rev. Dr. Wolfenden will deliver a lecture in Footscray on the evening of the 28th inst, entitled "Haunted Houses, or How the Ghosts were laid." The temperance 1 lodges have invited the doctor to Footecray, I and a large audience may be expected. A NOTIFICATION appears elsewhere from the Secretary for Railways, intimating that the Commissioner, under power of a license from the Solicitor-General, intends to ex- hume and remove from the old Gellibrand cemetery, at Williamstown, all bodies in terred therein for the purpose of re-interring them in the new cemetery at North Wil- liamstown. NOTrsTHSTAoNDING the inclement weather of Sunday evening last, a fair congregation was present at the South Presbyterian Church. At the evening service special I music was rendered by the choir, and Mr G. Kilburn sang "The Holy City." r- THe first issue of the St. Arnaud Times under the new management of Hickey and Co. is to hand. The people of St. Arnaud are the gainers by the change of proprietor ship. The Times is a creditable production We Wish the new firm success. \- Ts'second special meeting of the council, convened by the town clerk for Wednesday evening last, to consider what action should be- taken' in connection with the Hudson's road block, lapsed for the want of a quorum, and the matter still stands in statu quo. " CARtK's WORsD- FAMEDs OOD MIXTURB " is a guarranteed cure for all blood and skin diseases. It is the most searching blood cleanser ever discovered, and it will free the system from all impurities from whatever cause arising. As it is pleasant to the taste, and warranted free from anything injurious to the most delicate constitution of either sex, the proprietors solicit sufferers to give it a trial to test its value. Of chemists everywhere, at 2s 9d per bottle. Beware of imitations. 