About Ghosts In. Ireland. ? , — ^ — . ? , BY KATHARINE TYNAN. You will seldom moot an Irish peasant who will confess to never having soen a ghost. .Sometimes you may suspoot that the oraoular headshake and bhe tightly snapped lips cover a real inexperience, but, as u rulo, the testimony is ready enough, and with such a crowd of witnesses one oomts insensibly to half- believe in ghosts, or ab least to suspend judgment) on the vexed question ot thoii1' existence or non existenos. The spot of the world which I know beat has half-a-dozan ghosts. The moat dignified is that of tho just and meroiful judge, Lord Kil warden/ who was unharpily killed in the streets on the night of. Etnmett's ill-fated rising. He returns to his old oountry- house, which, ante-dating tho mad Duke of Port land's freak, is built half underground, night after night, sitting in his carriage and pair, which is driven by a headless ooaoh man. I have never met anyone who had witnessed this return, whioh, nil the same, 1b unquostioningly believed in. Another ghost is someone who carries a dancing will-o'-the-wisp lantern to and from a oertaiti fairy rath, whioh, surmounted by the ruins of a little tower, stands in as lonely fields as William Allingham imagined for his fairy shoemaker. The tower, whioh winds inward spirally, is a matter for curi osity. It must' have been as narrow as the ohimnoy's where tho unhappy sweep boys of Blake's time were suffocated as often as not, and if it was used as a watoh-towor, ova boaoon-towor, to warn tho Palosmon of the approach of tho Irish onomy^from tho hills, ho must have boon ohosen' for his BlimnesB who aaaonaed from tho inside. Tho road whioh winds by those lonely fields 1b haunted by a blaalc dog, Tho blaok doc, indeed, seems - of as ovll odour in Ire laud aa Goebh'e hold him, and the blaok oat is, if anything, Irish suspeob still, Wo used to hoar of him constantly as accompanying lonely wayfarers at 'night. I believe myself that he was nothing more than a friendly -tyke tuvnod out of doors at night and in search of human companionship, However, one urged this point of viow in vain, The peasant) stuck to his ghost; and one con firmed sooi told.me that when ho was obliged to go that road alono he kept saying to him self, ' Ah, well, sure Goers Btrouger than tho devil any day,' This man wivs Inviol ably a ghost soer, except on one oooaHion when ho confessed to having soon nothing, ?'but if I rtidn'b tho horse did, an 'nurd- sot I waB to got him a-paBt tho spot,' An other night a .second gno-ib'sour burali into tho farmhouse kltuhon with the Ronsatlotial announcement that thu blaok dog nvivh on his track, and that ho had distanoou him by putting hia horto to lie ubtnoHb Bpeod, Even aa ho did It tho half-door was puahpd opon and tho clog himself entered, Ho was a very haurlsomo young blaok and white olllo, who hail bi'oUeu loose it'ora hjH chain - but wo had inuuh ado to pomiAtle .tho tor rlfiod poaaanb that it waa a voal. .flash anc blood dog, Nor was ho abl t; more soopbiaal about tho true block - dog apparition after wards, ? ....,'., ,,; ? ? '.. One of the cleverest and most courageous of men had nevertheless his supernatural experience. I don't think he has ever known fear of any kind. I remember one of his experiences was to ascend a hay-loft in which a naked madman with a knife had held the world at bay, and to persuade him, by sheer foroe of will, to clothe himself and take a walk into the country, which walk ended in a madhouse. That must have been a psychological moment indeed, in which, ascending tho ladder whioh led to the loft, his head came level with the floor, and a good many men 'might, 'be excused for shirking it. This very strong-minded person was fcep tioal at a time ;when sceptibism was a soandal. 'I don't believe,' eaid he, at the mature age. of seven, 'that there are any ghosts in the world at allat all.' His grandmother looked at the young philo sopher where he sat roasting his shins bj the turf fire arid demolishing, spiritual king doms. ' Ah, my boy,' she said, u there are ghosts- all around us; but you're not good enough to see them.' ?' ? ' .' / 'HiH'bhe supernatural experience was this : Li'be'r'in boyhood he was watohing a group of ''dairy- boys 'playing cards in a little cabin among the fields, , hard by a famous rath. Among them was an old reprobate who happened to be in bad luck. As the game- proceeded his oaths and blasphemies became so appalling that oven the wildest of his companions turned pale. It was an ex quisite young night of May, but suddenly a wild wind sprang up about tho house, roar ing and clapping in their ears. There was an unspeakable blasphemy uttered, and at the same moment the bolt of the door whioh had boon shot dropped from its place. The door was flung violently open, the table, the candles, tho players, were overturned by a great wind ; and then in darkness the wind whioh had shrieked like a multitude of storm ?fiends swept through tho house and disappeared. And outside once more there were only the fields in tho.:quiet moonlight. The old sinner, on being; picked up, was found to be in a fit. He recovered, how ever, to repent, and was afterwards quite an exemplary person. But the witness half a century after could not tell the tale .without awe. 1 1 remember an old woman near her oen tury whose supernatural experiences wore very quaint. She had seen St. Joseph in a vision, and he had shaken hands' with her without pride, 'Arid what did he look like ? ' I asked. ' Why, what would he look like,' waB the answer, ' only a bvoly figure of a man 1 He was dressed in beauti ful shiny blaok olothes and a tall hat you could aee your faoe in, ah' his buzssom (i.e., shirt front) an' ouffs was never starohed on earth.' ' She also gave meheroxporienoe of a burn ing ghost, who oame to her in an old houBo of somewhat' evil repute. 'She stood up by my bedside all in flames,' she said, 'but I shook the beads at her an' I says, 'Go back and burn where ypu came from. I order you to do it ; ' an' so, bit by bit I drove her down the stall oase, an' on to the mat, and out by the hall door.' One couldn't help Horaehow foeling Borry for the ghost, A more serious gnost seer saw the ban shee when sbo was a ohild Bitting by her dying grand mother. 'The window was suddenly darkenod,' she said, ' and when I looked up to know why, there was a woman's faoe at it. She waB leaning on the sill, and her hair was all about her faoe.' Blaok hair it was. and her faoo was pale and all marked by the tears that ran down it. And when I cried out in a fright, people oame running in, bub ahe was gone.' The narrator of this had 'a fairy blast' in ohildhood, She had gone blackberry pioking on a rath,1 and had fallon asleep, When hot1 mother found her one log was purple and withered, and it was known tho fairies had sbruok her and in time she would die. Heivmobher took her to a blacksmith of tho neighbourhood one morning at poop of day, and some magical oeiromonios were performed, tho nature of whioh I have for gotten, The '#ow' or blaoksmith is notorious for having power over tho fairies. 'Ho had a groat wiBh for my mother, tho poor man,' Bald the ' storyteller, 'and ho was put to it to do. it at dawn of day, lest his woman Bhould hear of it, for 'bis well known that tho ' blast' passes to a relative of tho one who has had tho blast or the ono wh'o removes ib, However, ib wasn't for any of them, only my own, poor mother, and Bho, God rest hor, was taken within the bwolvomonth,' This old' woman know a young man named Moore in the County Cork who was lured into a fairy fort by the sound of tho muslo, and danced with bho most bonutiful ladles in the most beautiful ballroom in tho world, Bub suddenly tho lights wont out and tho music ooaaotl, and ho waa lying on tho Biclo of a rath among tho withored loaves of autumn, Tho name died within a year and a day j and it wns said tho fairioB had taken him, . HOME COMFORTS,— Wo have Inspected Bomo.of bho hlgh-olass Spirits and Imported Winos from Messrs. Hookings and Co., of Plbt-Htroob, opp, G.T.O., and oonsldor them superior to most others proourablo in tho market, Thoy import all 'thoir own Spirits and foreign Winou and soil none otliur. Their samples of old AuHtralian Wino appoar at higher quality than Ihono which have 'previously oomo under our notice* Low living and high thinking will pro duce .bettor men than high living and low thinking, / , ? 