AMUSEMENTS. A WIZARD AT 1HB TOWN BALL. I'ruf&saor; Anderwm pssid a 'firing visSi \yt oiwr nisht' to Adesudo at the Towi Jlull --n iMiurday mebX. aad had a Jtooe ?uiij-uc-r. i lie conjurer k»kcd the otatac IP V w;': billed— -The Groat Wirard o 'if -\orili, ? hm he is not tbe smartest o Mioivim:ii. Ilie urogtammfi woo span oui to a laic liour, but could have been com nlKted uiuc-h carlwr, if it bad not been foe Wiiys unusui.1 at such cotcrtaiiments. Irtiiiblc tonsenucirfiy goon bc^aa to assert lament could not hear the wizard's voice, and people m the eaJWy csnecialrr n* notedly culled on lulTOiiSlfiBt 5Z mrfeswor connuued to cbat vicoroasJy Id bimsclf and many of his trrdtTroie ««, sotjueiiUy not understood by any except ho* near to hhru It was not raiprtini therefore that pait of the audience Pecans inipatteut and uitcrrupU-d. The prafeuor't sleight-of-hand tncks were the bit part of the entertainment. He frequently ^Jled oa individuals in f.he aodience u- make a close inspection of his work, asd there worn plenty ready to respond. In some of tb« n»8t elalwmte tnciui tbo -wizard drew a curtain obstructing the vtrw of \h-*v prc «nt from the object of intoredt, and this tantalized tuc audience. A man in the gallery pave vent to bis fodfngs by shout in« uwuliins remarks. Mdllc. Blanche's ?'theory of cerebration and silent tranMui*. rion »f thought' was tame, llw wwtixl with Svengali-like actions, pat the lady in a ''dcmi- nicsincric trance, until spectator made comments. Blancbo told the audieocn nanies of departed men, which they had written on riips of paper, and with tnc aid ot a cord held in cue hand against the ear like a telephone, and. passed into the audi ence, »hc mentioned the names of woll ;ihiwtj people that those who wished to teat lior in the art, cared to think of or joe dawn. 'Charley Kmarbon and Gcotkp Wa^iiugton' were bracketed in this roiA nection. MdUc Blanche also wroto on r» bhtkbonrd li^ures that any one liked Ifr think of. It was amusing to hoo the lady PomhI in thou^lit, and then suddenly difo at the blackboard as the spirit inorcd hrV. llic lights were turned out to allow oi a ghost to make iU- appearance. Some «oc com- plained to the pmessor that the ghost would nmkc him dream that niiAt, and then all had to wait while the Town Uall portrr, with a long shaking pole again -»? tablisliod the light. The next item ou tho propramme wa.s a nic-cating touu-st. l-. chins iu Uio gallery responded to the wizards iinit.ition to tafcejjart. They wcut on the platforrn, had their LandH tied be hind wit-h Uicir own grimy handkerchiefs .ind foil to devouring pies on their knew. The smallest \my won, was announced ;w tht» diaiupiim pic-cstcr of Adelaide, an-l wus presented with ati Ajnr riran lump. Other compctitione .fol lowitl. A committee from the body ot tin* hall w.-w elected to decide on tho nrrltiwt lonly in the andienor. 'J^e mnn l»crs of it Muck their hand* in their |x»i kcU. and calmly surveyed those present. J'hc ladies looked their best, and any one of llit'in t'nr the time being ^vould havo marie an iirti-t.'s model or a sculptor's study. Eventually tho critical committee an nounced iU rlioiec, and us afternoon U-a .service xvu handed, down to he. The: men «viit through the Rune onlcal, and th« roost hand^imc-looking was ghen a watclt 'guitrantuKl fur ten yean.' In tho mean time twi- lioys on the platform were open ing a pite of envelopes containing c*«wn drunirt nnd word* extracted from 'l*rofcMOc Anderxon.' The wuming riddle was— Why is Professor Anderson's entnrtainnient liko a r.reity tlirt?' Answer— **Becauflp it at tnuts, deti'ivcs, but always charms.' Tho won) eoni|-et!Lion gave some trouble. Tho wi/iird iuinouuml that a man ha-l wnt ia I.MS words. 'Impossible,*1 shouted Homo oiu1, and, in. any rale, the author did not upfKMr. Then a gentleman in the thrci slulliiii; st'Ats st-otod that ho had lx«n in fcriinsl I -y u liuiy that nhe hod Kent in 1.8U) word:1. He went on the platform and burrowed amongst the litter uf pa|-e.rs, wink- ;i young -woman went on the nt.ipi to cufoixr her dnim. It appciirod that sno had bout it i IJUOS words, and she was award ed the prize— '.in oJegiuil, costly waleh, studded with real diaiuondH, genuine, war hiiikil for icn years.' A diHtribution --t prizes without lottery w.v then undertaken. Tlio u-izaril xctxl cuvde^tes around the ImJI, U'llinc the distributoTR to give onn to 'thfl lady wilii two white leathern in her hat,' one to ''that man in the third row looking so disconsolate— well, the man wui. to him,*' f.nd autither to *'Uio boy in the gallery next U» lilt* rloek.' This eveiiihg Jfnwrs. lfojhwny fi Andcr* Bon's tliumHtie or-yutizatiiMi will jirmluve at I he Theatre Koyiil o»o of the hm«1 stbtrtlinf* liihI -lrani.it i-: i'-.mc* in Australian history. i-)ilitl-«l 'Tin- fareer of tho Kelly (Jang. 'Ibis drama is ;i story of tlic life and doini» of tlie Kelly #(Jang durinc their bunhrntu: ing (I.iy.n in \'ie(4iriii and New South Waled l went y year* ac-v Tins Australian scenery, s|Hriiilly painltil for tlun jiroduction by .Mr. K. ltobins. reproscntB the Wombat Range*, the cave of the outlaw*, the Kdlys' liouie lu-.ir (Jrctd, Stnobbocie Rangco, railway ciittiug near Glenrowan, and Jonen'i- Hotel, iilcnrowna. i*-bcre the lnst fiuht and vnpturc of Xcd Kelly U»ok plate. The characters will be represented:— Nod Kelly. J^aiironro Dunbar: Dan Kelly, Temple Harrison; Stove ILirt, llobert In man; .loo I'.yrne, lU-ce Rollins: SerRcaiit iMeele, Edmund Ducc?n; .)o«e|ih ^kecr-', Frank f'io-slf.v: Aaruii Shrarilt, Khvin faii)|iholl; C'oiistiible Fb/.|Kitfk-k, Franl; liariourt; Serecant Kennedy, George Mar low; Mr-. Kelly, llek-n 1'eruns; Kate Kelly, Eusenie l-uec.ui: Mrs. .skecry, Cicoreic Leiiilifunl. The piece in in four acta. and is saiil to cneh.iin the attention of the audi ciirc fiiiin the lii-t sicne. 'J'he weekly -«n«Ti. of tlio O.R.I, neric* of wtuier ciiKrUi-unieuU* was hdd in the I li st ilu U- i'm Saun'Jay evening. An ellieient j'liifniiniiu- uj- suhmitted by Harvey's HuTjIo MiiiNtrvk 'Hie Eueniie Sistrsrx eon tribute I a ^r.ice.fnl pone nnd dance. Mttwrs. IK- l«M-ey and MaxUtl exhibited an aerial act. whiili wa-- intM-li admired. There was a l.trw alK-iidancc. Tiiis evvninc Miss Amj- CasUes will mako lu-r Mi-ond ?ipiieanuirc before an Adelaidn .tudivnee ul the Hxhibit-mn Itiiilding. .Miss r.ifU.'.- will sine ToxliV 'Ciond-liy.' and with Mr. -I. Chamberlain and chorus of twenty vniei* \'-TdiV -.\li«cmro seenc1' from 'Jl Ti-ivatotv.' Mrs. R W. Oldh.-.m wijl «.in»r fowen's ''.Suv.JIwwb' and .lonen's 'I'julier ICii-ru.il.' Signor Vim-cD7 jjjjv^ (ii'-rgin will play tui pianoforte »«Io.k -. hP titlliV 'S-lierzo' ;md Ijiszi's 'Mriodi.i. ' Mr. Alk- rt KairlrjJru will sing llndney'4 'Tho Ix-lls «-l S«. Mary*' and Wheeler's jiu'.rioti'- Mina 'Tho -Jucen'a lift«?n.' Mr. I!. E. IVj^.tiu will hinc JHumemhalV ''An vwiiinK xtua.' ITin Y.3kl.CA. Quitrtvt will contribute EmerwmV quartet 'In wlont r.iejd'' and I'^-ekcr's 'SingiTs' mnreh.' We have l-orni n.-kcd to cnll attention V) tlw au nnuiutiiieut. in our adverti»int; rolirmnb that, Tuesday's matinee, jirevkmsly annmineed Ut hi; iwl'l in the rlxhibitiou Building, will bo in thi 'J'owu UalL 