MINING. KALOTOBLI At the Kalgurli the main shaft is down about 540ft, and sinking is being continued to a depth of 640ft, when crosscutting irill be started simultaneously at both levels, Hainaolt Crosscutting has been started east and west from the main shaft of the Hainault, In the westward the continuation of Morty's lode in the South Kalgurli will be met with, while to the eastward the orosscut should pass through the two veins known to traverse the property. Bouldeb Half-Mile 8. • A small parcel of ore broken from the [ veins met with in sinking th^ shaft arrd crosscutting at the Boulde- a alf Wile South has been treated, and the returas will be disclosed in a few days. The manager leaves I on a vis't to Ade'ai 'e on Friday, and while there will probably a~range for 'he shipment to he mine of anew winding plant. Vising Our correspondent wires:—At the Viking and Norseman Gold Mines good progress is bsing'made with the sinking of a winse from the 300ft level in the north shaft, and stopjog and rising are in progress at the sanie time from below. It is anticipated that connection will be established before Christmas, and that when it is escab listed a substantial block of stone will be available for the battery Driving north has now oeen resumed, a n d at the 300ft level the face is in 105ft from shaft, the reef continu ing a mean average width of 3ft, and the lalue of the quartz is loz per ton by battery I treatment. On Saturday Mr John Morgan ' will relinquish the management in favor of Mr T O DavieB, who all along has been associated with the successful working of the mine. Lake View Consols All sorts of unfavorable reports are in circulation concerning the prospective returns during the next few months from the Lake View Consols, the principal being that the battery will be temporarily shut down, and that the monthly outputs would show a substantial decrease for some time to come. Interveiwed to-day the manager stated the mill will not be shut down, and 20-head of stamps will be employed full time crushing oxidised ore. He a'so intimated that the November return will be available at the end of the current week. Princess Boyal The conditions in the bottom level in the Princess Boyal show no depreciation. Owing to the fact that a stope has been run in as 1 a step towards establishing connection with the winze, the drive to the north has not been extended very considerably. The face is now 18ft from the crosscut, at which point the reof is still 3ft in width, and good gold was seen in breaking the stone. Going south the drive has been taken in 16ft ! from the crosscut and the reef made to 7ft in width, the stone being of good quality. To test the reef at the bottom level a parcel of 60 tons was put through the battery during the past month for a return of 135oz 8dwt of smelted gold. The tailings assayed 15dwt per ton. Until the bottom level has been connected with the winze it will not be possible to employ the full crashing power. In the upper levelB the stopes continue unaltered. Bkownhxll Mr B. H. Barrett, of-Perth, has received news from his London agents to the effect that the directors of Hannan's Brownhill Co, have declared another dividend of 7s 6d. Ihe capital of the company at present stands at £140,000, so that the amount to be dis-' tributed will be £52,500. This is the fifth 7s 6d dividend paid by the compsny during the present year, and represents a distribution of £228,750, the first three dividends having been paid on a capital of £110,000, which was the issued capital previously to the acquisition of the Brue Blue Company's right. As the company is still aggrandising its interests by the incorporation of the Brownhill Extended Company, its futnre capital, should yesterday's meetings adopt the amalgamation scheme, will be £175,000. Including the dividend just declared, the mine has paid ±303,125 in dividends, equal to 262§ per cent. The present dividend is equal to 37£ per cent on the capital, or three and oneeighth per cent on the present market value of the shares. Mulline Notes A promising strike was male in' the Biverina a few days ago. In driving at the 150ft level a fine body of rich snlphides was met with, the assay value being over 6oe to the ton. The reef is 3ft wide, and making stronger as it dips east. ThiB must be highly satisfactory to the company, as they have secured the whole plant belonging to the now defunct Murine Mining and Milling Co. As the mine ha 3 had so much exemption there will probably be little hejrd of her until about the end of March next: The Biverina South, owned by Mr Firmiger, is raising some fine stone, and judging by the new strike in the Biverina it should beTome a valuable property. The Patience, owned by Mr Atkinson, is at present worked by tributors. There is also another reef running through the property, on which the prospector is at present sinking. The Blue Duck, owned by Dovett and \- yan, has a big body of quartz, but so far only part of the reef has been proved payable. The Befuse, worked by Doctor and Hide, is looking much better, and the prospectors are confident of getting an ounce crushing, The Dungan, Chamberlain, Anastasia, and Lady Florence are all looking well, and the only trouble is that there is not sufficient crushing power to meet the supply. It is to be hoped that the Government will place another 10 head of stamps in Mulline, as the manager is ' badgere i' by applicants waiting o get their stone treated.—Menzies Herald. Gknebal Items A glance at the details of the gold yield for November, published in Monday's issue, will show that the value of ore treated at smelters in the other colonies is exceedingly small, while during the month of October, which held the record yield of 205,186oz 8dwt 4gr, close on ,70,000oz of gold came from this source- As the great majority of returns from smelted ore have not found a place in the November yield, which, though small, is higher than any monthly yield laBt year, and has been exceeded during the cu-rent year by only four monthy yields, the yield for December may reasonably be looked forward to as a record one, despite the Christmas exemptions. It is said that the outputs of several large mines at Kalgoorlie have not been included in the yield. Ihe miners working in a copper mine at Blayney, in the western district of New South Wales, are muc^ worried. Something is happening in the mine which they cannot understand. Some of the men suspect ts When the idea was first mooted the more sceptical men laughed at their frightened mates; but the occurrences have been so strange that the belief has spread, and the miners, one and all, are now in a state of utter consternation. a d u The men say the shaft is viBited by ghosts, and that while down below they hear strange noises, such as bell ringing, singing, groanings, and the like. They have sought for a normal explanation and have discovered nothing. When thej descend the mine, they declare, their lamps are extinguished by their supernatural visitor. 8omeof the men also allege that while at work ' a something has brushed past them, scaring their wits out of them That the men believe in what they report is shown by the fact that six of them have rasigned the^r work owing to sheer e r;or. 