" HASHY." BY D.C.L. The best known character on the Murchison was most decidedly Hashy. There wasn't a town or camp from Champion Bay to Peak Hill in which he has not been drunk and disorderly. His favorite amusement in his cups was to over- whelm the residents of the various camps with a storm of unpleasant personal objurgation, following up his aspersions upon the character of the living by floods of vituperative defamation upon the morals of their ancestors, male and female, hack to the remotest generation of the tertiary period. After a cyclone of abuse Hashy invariably shouted for the much defamed residents, and doubtless he would have been only too glad to have extended his hospitality to the ancestors also, had these latter not been rather too dead to appreciate the honor. Generally, it might be said that Hashy, while his cheque lasted, raised Cain, Abel, and all the other patriarchs. In justice, I must say that it was not his fault that Adam's more immediate successors did not stay "raised" for an indefinite period, but rather, through the perverse scepticism of the various pub- keepers, who refused to give strap on his assertion that he was heir to several thousands, and was only waiting for the death of his rich uncle. He bore their refusal with fortitude and stoicism at first, and after a time took it as a matter of course, seemingly contented with the reception given him on his arrival, and satisfied in his own mind that he could not get a send-off as well, although he never failed to ask for one. But he had a joyous, a glorious, a triumphant reception in every township. Everybody turned out to welcome him, excepting the Salvation Army, which had personal reasons for staying away, the principal one being that only General Booth was worthy of such a welcome, and as the General and Hashy did not think through the same quill on many important matters, therefore Hashy was not a fit and proper person to pay homage to. Everybody else said this showed a narrowness of spirit on the Army's part, and put on extra exertion and extra thirst to do honor to thq hero ' of the hour. Even the town police- . man shook off his regulation apathy and became sanguine and alert (and thirsty) on Hashy's approach. But Hashy gave no visible signs of a due appreciation of this honor. On the contrary, he showered opprobrium upon all— first collectively, and then," between drinks, individually — plying them with shy poo and twenty-three carat abuse at the same time. And he was abusive! I have heard, the gentle bullock-driver shower effective vituperation on Damper, Doughboy, Dumpling, etc., with volubility and precision. I have heard the miner shower in effective swearwords pn the ubiquitous fly and his somewhat numerous family with tolerable versatility. I have heard the dry- blower inveigh against the wind, the dust, the. water, his shaker, the scarcity of gold and other matters with a surplusage of adjectives (W.A. and otherwise), which I often admired and secretly envied, but never had the floodgates of vitupera tion — original, cohesive, illimitable, incomparable, dominant — been opened in my presence Until Hashy got on the job. He spared no one, but it was all taken in good part. It always is when accompanied by its antidote — plenty of beer. "When his cheque was finished, and strap an unknown quantity, he would disappear, but in about six months he would be to the fore again in some other town, where a similar experience would be gone through. i # I had worked my way through most of the mining camps on the Murchison, and in everyone I heard of Hashy and his eccentricities. Some of the boys used to try to repro duce his , choicest expressions, - but on their own admission with very poor success. What his real name was nobody knew or seemed to care. Haslw was good enough, and as he was a cook it seemed appropriate and fairly comprehensive. I was informed that he was a good cook (as bush cooks go), steady and pains taking when at work, and altogether different from what he was wh'en on his periodical burst. He could always command work and the best of wages in , the bush-, and tliither he always repaired when on the rocks. About two years ago I found my self at Nannine, stony broke, and was obliged to forsake my usual occupation of chasing the penny weight, and take a job with a survey party which was camped some miles out. On my arrival in camp I pre sented myself to the cqok, who was deep in his culinary preparations, andaluted: " Good dav. doctor I" " Doctor be d . My name is Hashy. What do you want ? Will you have a drink of tea !" " Yes, thanks. I feel peckish after the walk from Nannine. I am going to work here." " Oh, well, I'll get yon something to eat then." And whilst I was sampling his fare he kept up a continual flow of conversation, telling me about the work, the men, the boss, and finally himself. I asked incidentally what his other name was, hut he only smiled and said, " Hashy." ; He talked freely about his various sprees, and took great delight in telling me the expressions he used to the leading magnates on the Murchison. " But, bless yon," he said, " so. long as /you pour the beer down their throats yon can say anything yon like to them." About sundown the men returned from work, and Hashy had a few kind words for each, albeit they were mostly all cuss-words, but on the Murchison all' men express kindliest feelings in their pi'ofane language. And I must say , that whilst the work lasted Hashy did not exceed reasonable bounds in the adjective sauce with which he seasoned his expressions— in fact, some of the men were much more profane than he was. His -cooking was fairly good, and tolerably clean from" a bushman's point of view, which is, that so long as there is not enough sand on the dinner table to start a willy-willy when the men commenced to > eat and talk, then everything is O.K. At times he was "grumpy" (that is a peculiarity of chefs), but the boys usually chaffed him out of his ill- humor. He had a great fund of anecdotes, and many a night we sat round the fire listening to his fonfaonrl Af.liap irorna irTiinli lia cmn« , auvi'u auu vv'uva juiuuj u mvu uv with humor and versatility. - On the whole, we had a jolly time, and were all sorry when the work was finished, and we. were to return to town-. 'However, there was no help for it, so two days later saw us in Nannine, all with fair cheques. Hashy was in great form. He Had met with the usual reception, and was the hero of the hour in that sleepy township, which has always the appearance of recovering from a great drunk. Before our arrival in town he invited ns all to a cham pagne supper, which he was to tender that night at ' the principal pub. But alas for human frailty, before night arrived the whole town was\ drunk, and Hashy had done justice to his reputation of being the only artistic specialist of the vituperation profession on the Murchison. tt/> +tia +anvk nrifli tiwiorl — sides, which would have - shamed the most approved Yankee iron clad—he peppered it fore and aft with his own original maximB, .be side which the American maxims are obsolete and useless— and then he turned his attention to the crew, and, Cesar's Ghost ! I thought the last great mighty upheaval had come. But it hadn't. It was only Hashy's profanity. The most peculiar part of the proceedings w as that Hashy lavished most of his flowers of speech on the survey party, the men who had been his mates. But, with this exception, he showed a grand spirit of impartiality, and diffused his blessings without fear or favor. He was still going strong the following morning as I cleared out to try some likely country which I had seen whilst with the survey party. I stayed a week, and proved it a duffer (my usuJlI luck), so returned again to Nannine. I was surprised to see the strefets filled with people, and wondered if they were still doing honor to Hashy. I quickly learned that they were — the last honors. He had been found dead under a mulga bush on the day be fore. The post-mortem examina tion disclosed that he was poisoned, per medium tinned fish. When his cheque was finished he disappeared in his usual mysterious manner, and was found by some prospectors, who had his . remains brought into Nannine, and I was just in time to pay my last tribute of respect. Everyone in town attended the funeral, and he was carried with every show of reverence and respect to the li|tle cemetery on the sand- hill by, the lake. Here he was laid gently to sleep the last, long sleep of the dead. Peace to his ashes ! With reverend hands the sand was thrown'- on the rough coffin, and there were some humid eyes as the lid of a whisky case, with the one word " Hashy," carved in rude letters, was placed at i his head. In a few minutes a rough fence was erected round his grave by willing hands, and the people returned to town. That night Dan Doolan, the pub lican, got on a beer case, and threw the following oration off his chest : " Bhoys, I have only a few words to say. We've this day planted the lading light of the Murchison, and I want you to dhrink his health. No I I mane I want you to dhrink success to him on t'other, side. I'll shtand a shout in honor of . his mimery. So give it a name and call all the boys in to wish him good luck and that he may shtrike goold every time." . ; 1 . 