Greenroom Gossip. BY " TOUCHSTONE.'' G EORGE BE\UCIIAMP is paying a nonprofessional visit to New York. Ax opportunity of hearing twenty of the leading ^ artists of Melbourne „ on the same platform will be offered at the complimentary concert (o be tendered to Loui Luseombe, the young 0 baritone, , at the Town Hall on Wednesday evening next, 5th July. The Lyric Orchestra of tixty performers will perform operatic selections and accompany some of the vocalists. Mrs. G. B. W. Lewis will be heard in two recitations, and a feature of interest will be the first appearance at the Town Hall of Miss Bertha Luseombe, a youthful soprano of promise. Mr. Luscombe's contributions will be the prologue to " I Pagliacci " and the recitative and aria, "0, Tu Palermo," from Verdi's " Sicilian Vespers." The box plan is now open at Glen's. Miss LILY MYERS, the young dvcutiomslc, who made her dibul at Miss Peggy Pryde's matinee last Saturday, made also a gratifying success Her item was "Smiting the Rock." Since iast" Saturday Miss° Myers has received the offer of a dramatic engagement. A BIG crowd was on the wharf to see Miss Peggy off by the Orvnt last Tuesday. The Lorenzis and Phillips went by the same boat, and an rtvoired a legion of friends. Miss Pryde, who returns to ausinu, Australia a —via. America, — breaks her iournev at Perth, and plays a season of eleven nights. THE " OCTOROON" Company, which M. B. Curtis brought from America by the Miowira, arrived in Sydney on Wednesday. The new company includes several very pretty female Octoroons, whose beauty, apart from their colour, is said to be quite out of the ordinary. EMILE LAZEBN, with a variety company, including Alf Lawton, is touring the Melbourne suburbs, as also is Dan Barry. THE Hollo way- Anderson Company will open at the wie Theatre ineatio Royal iwjoi on the , 17th September. _ ^Ihis t>„„„I popular combination will do a season at; the K03 a Princess' Theatre, Bendigo, from the ,>tn to I-DII July W. R. SiNNOTTE has gone up to Brisbane. Miss PEGCY PRYDE'S Ben. last Saturday was a huge success. The bcncficiaire was overwhelmed with flowers and applause, and was taken a most affectionate farewell of by the packed house. .TAMES VIMXH, the cabman who has been attached to the Theatre Royal for a number ef years, and who recently was instrumental in the saving of the night's takings of the Theatre Royal, when the treasurer, Harry „ Sproule, . was attacked . one night last month by a well-known burglar in front of the Bank of Victoria, has been mad^e the recipient of a purse of sovereigns from Bland Holt as an acknowledgment of his bravery. HENNESSY, who was for a long period connected with Chiarini's, Cooper and "Bailey's and ; pjiij s Circuses, has been secured by the Flying j ordans for their Australasian tour. EDWIN GEACH, who guided the Flying Jordan? through the East, arrived at Thursday Island last week. The company have opened a short season at Rockhampton, and ,are working down to the N.S.W. towns. THE bill at the Bijou is exceptionally strong and interesting this week. No less than three brand new turns, and one well known and favourite one, in the shape of Manuel Woodson, contortionist; t)le Keziahs, graceful gymnasts ; Spry and Austin, d ress specialists and comedians ; and Harry Shine, comedian, who wnu needs ueeus no uo introduction, mwuuuumju, m»vc have debvt<d, _ . ,., . . , .. . ,, £ , Louis LCRCOMBE IS lilting n.ghtly in the farst act of "Straight from the Heart at the Royal. Miss HARRIE IRELAND is now playing Anne of Austria in "The King's Musketeer" via Miss Raymond. E W. ROYCE is still touring the English province; as G spard in " Les Cloches de Cornel Jl . u 1 . ville. : WE are undergoing a regular American invasion at present, and soon the whole of Australasia will be under the spell of American plays and players. "The Belle of New York,'' Harry Conor and his comp any> M'Adoo's Minstrel and Cake Ualkers, a number of Yankee variety turns, Dante and his ghoW) another to-be - shortly-opened-in-bydney minstrei entertainment, a dramatic companyand.an operatj c organisation, which are due before Christmas> a return visit from the Flying Jordans, and a burlesque company which Percy Denton talks ot bringing. Good gracious ! Where will they all go? And where ! oh, where will the Australian and English actors and actresses go? I m sure 1 don't know, GODFREY uuurmi CASS is with ...v.. the Williamson-Woods , , Company up j,, Northern Queensland MJGG ^^ SHARP, the Bendigo soprano ; who, prophets say, will rival Miss Castles, will in all probability be exploited shortly at a series of concerts which will be given in this city. "THE GAIETY GIRL" lias been revived at Daly's, London, with Marie Tempest, Mis? Gladys Humphrey, Miss Ada Reeve and Haydn Coffyn in the east. IT is said that Beerbohm Tree has asked Mrs. Potter to play the principal r< le in his forthcoming revival of " The Dancing Girl." Miss LOUISE HEINER has recovered from her throat indispositior,and took up the pait of Violet in " The Belle of New York " in Brisbane last Tuesday. A i'Kw at latest whereares : - Miss Cora Casseli, at the Pavilion and South London ; Biondi, Chirgwin and Miss Florence Esdaile, at the Tivoli: Bert Gilbert, at the Canterbury and Oxford : the Selbinis, at the Pavilion and Oxford ; Tennyson and O'Gorman, at the Canterbury, Paragon "and Oxford ; Austin Rudd, at the Collins', the Granville and South London, where also the Sisters Govell are appearing, in conjunction with the Oxford ; the Kellinos and the Brothers Huline and Miss Florrie Forde, at the Pavilion: the latter artist was also at the Oxford and South London ; Miss Billie Barlow, at the Cambridge, where also was Miss Nellie Wilson ; Harry Atkinson, at the Oxford ; the Poluskis, at the Tivoli; the Waldrons, at the London ; and Michael Nolan, at Collins' and the London. GEORGE H. FMITJI, who went from Melbourne with Wilson Barrett, has forwarded to us a photo, of the Barrett Company disembarking from a special train at Leeds. ADELAIDE. — The Opera Company closes its season to-morrow (Friday) night with a performance of "Ma M ie Rosette. During the week big houses have been the rule. Last Saturday, Monday and Tuesday " Iolanthe "' was in the bill, and "The Gondoliers" went up for a ma'ivee and Wednesday night. "The Belle of New York " opens a season on the 8th of July. . • ""BRISBANE ~ "The Belle" has done immense business at tho Opera Housc. The season closes to-morrow (Friday) night. EARLY in July George Rignold and his coiupanyopen a season with "Othello." FRTKDENTHAI., t li e Polish pianist, inaugurated a series of concerts at the Centennial Hall last Tuesday. "THE BELLE OF NEW- YORK " Company pass through Melbonrnenext Monday on their way to Ballarat, where they do a four nights' season, and then go on to Adelaide for a fortnight, and thence to Bendigo, where the tour will be finished. IT is reported that Conjuror Dante will tour India Ehortly. THE Lynch Family Bellringers will visit Gippsland next month prior to touring South Australia- FROM New Zealand comes the news of the death of Mr. Harrison, who in years past held the baton as conductor of Williamson and Musgrove's Opera c ompanj eR. A particularly well-known Melbourne m;ln jn musj ca] circles. Without the London training supposed to be requisite he yet produced some of the most difficult operas. Towle was his proper name. Mrs. Towle wifl be remembered as Miss Aggie Kelton. Miss PECI.'Y PEYDE departs with a shower of well deserved fireworks. A good many of these music-hall stars have no legitimate pretension whatever to the title of artist, but Bijou Miss Pryde is one all over, the born actress in her walk, with a smack of humour entirely her own, so that imitation may give the shell and cannot touch the kernel. Indeed, some cockney said: "She's nuttier than the nuttiest nut." HARRY LYNCH, who left for Paris and London by the R.M.S. Oroya, intends bringing several theatrical novelties to the colonies. SYDNEY. —Sydney is support : ng and keeping comfortably a very large number of shows at present. In comparison with Melbourne the Harbor > lation keeps gojng a surprisingly large nUmber of varied entertainments. Five theatres, two variety houses, a Wild West entertainment, biograph shows and a;number of assorted concerts are all going, and apparently feeding themselves, and keeping the ghost on the walk, " A STRANGER IN NEW YORK," according to all accounts, as a play isn t much of a go, but as an entertainment that serves to introduce a new and ^consistently ^ ^ DI11[WU smart „„„ and fresh company .„ it does _ very wejj_ The female portion of the new organisatjon are sai(i to bo bright, and in many cases very } ian(3 some women, who back up their ^jstrjonic efforts with up-to-date and elegant ^eg^ng; the men are all good in their own lines, The universal opinion seems to be that Mr. Conor ^uid have been wise if he had opened in a revival of << A Trip to Chinatown," of which play most Australian playgoers, old and young, retain rj s;bl y happy impressions. " TRELAWNEY OF THE WELTS " made an absolute faij ure in Sydney, and was played for the last time Qn g atur(j ay nieht last. On Monday "Niobe" went up for threenights. "Dandy Did goes uj> for two representations to night (Thursday), and on Saturday "One Summer's Day " will be done for the first time in Sydney. GEORGE RIGNOLD closes his present season at the Criterion to morrow (Friday) night. " Othello'' has been filling in. AT the Palace M'Adoo's Minstrels report good business, and the Tivoli is packed nightly, Cinquevalli having made a very big hit. JOSEIMISON'S Comedy Company is advertised to do „ Ti(. for Tat „ on Sat, ur(lay night CHARLES HOLLO WAY'S company have scored another success in "The Merciless World," a newdrama by Herbert Leonard. " The World " is in four acts, two of which are laid in Paris, and two in England. 