In the Bar Parlor. 'If you don't mind,' said the Go Teroment House Mau, 'I'll tell you a yarn about several local celebri ties. Any objeotion f ' 'Let her go, Gallagher !' said Jim the Luney. ?Alright ; we'll call it the— STORY OF 'DOCTOR'S' RIDE. Doctor and Fetey went out to try the former's trotter, Sprinkler, against the clock the other day. Doctor rode Petey's steeplechaser, Kang&roobie;, Petey having the mount on Sprinkler. They ambled gently round to the starting post, Docior sticking out his toes, rein ing Kangaroobie up tight to make him arch his neck and prance, and admiring his shadow after the man ner of those who ride for mere pleasure. Kangaroobie seemed to enjoy his new rider, and to appre. ciate his enconiums immensely. 'He's a beautiful horse, Petey,' said Doctor, as he sat back and ?tuck his toes out some more. 'He is that,' replied Petey. 'He's a showy old rascal.' 'What about that four-railer P eh, Petey f Think he'd carry me over P' Petey smiled. 'He'd jump it easily enough,' he said, ambiguously. But Doctor didn't essay tbe four-railer; pro bably considered Kangaroobie not quite up to the weight. A good horseman spares his horse. Just then Petey started to push Sprinkler along a bit, to warm him up for the time trial. Of conree Kangaroobie wanted to get along too. 'Whoa, steady,' said Doctor, persuasively, as the old horse com menced to reef and plunge side ways. But Kangaroobie wanted a gallop, and didn't 'whoa, Bteady ' to any appreciable extent. Doctor found himself shifting in his seat, first on Kangaroobie's neck, and then having to dodge behind the saddle to avoid being hit in the features by the woodenest end of his charger's tossing figurehead. The gold horse pulled somewhat harder at the bit, dropped his head lower, and suddenly lifted his stern higher— and over went Doctor, wallop. Kangaroobie didn't gallop away in pursuit of Sprinkler, but stood innocently looking] down at his rider as much as to say, 'What did you want to get off so suddenly for r' But Doctor was too wild to try and understand horse-talk. He scrambled to his feet, and, taking a hurried glance around to see that he was not observed (he didn't, see Uncle Jer behind the fence) caught and mounted Kangaroobie again, determined to do or die or break something. But this time he didn't go in for fancy ridiDg ; he forgot all about his shadow and took no thought of the elegance of his seat nor the exact adjustment of his boot-toes in each polished stirrup. Not much. With his hat jammed down on his head, a rein firmly clutched in each hand, his feet thrust as far into the stirrups as they would go, gripping his legs round Kangaroobie until that as tonished moke's ribs cracked again, and with his coat tails flying, he ejoeulated, 'Get away, there !' and sent the old horse bell-for-leatner round the track. He went three times round the course before he could pull op, passing by the swear ing Petey on Sprinkler more times than he could remember, finally reaching the saddling paddock with the horse in a lather, himBelf flashed with victory, and the blood from his lacerated calves running into his boots. All this happened some weeks *go, but the man behind the fence kept auiet, and the story has only just come oat. It wonldn't have come out yet but for tbe fact that Doctor couldn't resist display ing his bandaged legs as an evi dence of his experience among horses. 'You can't beat old foot ball legs for a powerful grip,' he says, proudly. 'That's all right,' grumbles Petey, who didn't break the clock with Sprinkler that morn ing, 'that's all right, but who is going to compensate me if I have to make sausages of my scaredto death steeplechaser ? That's what I would like to know.' And Doctor says he would like to know, also ; but, as a long deceased namesake was a dabster as building hymns, he proposes to try his hand at a book of poemB entitled, 'Horses and Men, Ancient and Modern.' And Petey may have a copy as compensation for Kangaroobie.' 'Won't you tell us who Doctor is P' asked the Barmaid. 'My dear young lady, what's the gentleman's leal name to do with it,?' replied tbe Government House Man. * « * 'My story,' said the Boy, ' isn't about horses. Anybody can tell yarns of that sort. You see a horse can't contradict a fellow, but men and women can. I'm not the sort to take a mean advantage of dumb animals.' 'Tell your story and don't at tempt to sling off at other more ex perienced reoounters,' growled the Government House Man. 'Orl rite !' as the Professor says, exclaimed the Boy. 'We'll call it A MAN, A WOMAN, AND ANOTHER WOMAN.' The man waB a lodger. Also he was a gay Lothario — handsome and taking with the ladies. The land lady loved him dearly, the maiden very nearly as much, if not more. And he — well he loved 'em both, and despite the riches of the land lady and the poverty of the maid of all work, was fool enough to have a natural preference for the 'other one.' One night the lodger and the landlady met on the land ing, and strange sounds echoed through the house. Tbe landlady seemed to be forcing the pace and something very like a proposal was made in a loving female voice. But the Lothario heard another voice a-oalling and strove to depart. ' I mnof an.' ho whisnered. ' I have to rise early.' Reluctantly she let him go, but not until he had pro mieed to allow his name to be painted up over the door. An hour later, when all the honse was sup posed to be hnshed in sleep, strange noises floated up to the landlady throngh the thin wooden floors. It was like a stroug sofa creaking softly in itp agony, or a rat chewing at tbe door of the pantry. Not for a moment suspecting the real cause of the trouble, the landlady arose and, candle in hand, proceeded downstairs to investigate the dis turbance and Bet the rat-trap. She opened the dining room door softly and— well, inside of ten minuteB there wasn't a rag of wearing apparel in the girl's room. Every thing was area out into me pnuD**^, and rolled up into a Lurried bundle. Then am infuriated landlady grabbed the girl in one hand and the handle in tbe other and vigor ously shot both handsfnl out into the muddy street with a dull sickening thud. ' Where did the lodger get to ? queried the Worm. M '? Ask me something harder, re torted the Boy. ' A well-told story always leaves something to the imagination.' ' Here are a few items from an Oatlands letter.' said the Gloomy Mao. ' Let them stand as my contribution to this evening's en tertainment. I can't talk for laughing in misery over tbe new ministerial appointment. Perhaps the Snub Editor will oblige by read ing tbe letter. 'Here goes,' said the Snub Bditor, 'for THE WIDOW'S MIGHT.' Dear Bar Parloritos, — I'm not a fatman ; in fact I'm not a man at all. I'm a woman, and a washer woman at that. You folks are always talking about the poor stupid worms (no reflectien on the gentleman who muses amongst you) who allow themselves (0 be trodden on by tbe fatman. But what's the use P Squashed worm's can't turn. And ' fatman ' isn't a good name for the squaBhers; I know many big bugs around here who are too miserable to get tat. There are 37 widowB here, not including the grass ones whose male belongings have had to go Coast wards for a living. Most of ub have grown up orphans to keep, and 'since the fatwoman has cut down onr prices to ' lOd a dozen and the small things kept at home,' the washtub isn't exactly a mine of wealth. Recently our lake wentdry, and the Council fenced off the spring and built troughs ; they went dry too. So some of us who hadn't welts of our own had a hard time. Home of my boys went to see the member for tbe district. They said he could give them work at being unemployed or something. But they bad no votes, so couldn't tret a iob. and had to come back to their mother again. They said if they got work they could get votes, but my daughter Mary Jane, who reads The Clippee, says if they had votes they could get work for themselves pretty quick. I don't know how it is myself. I vote for io*n councillors and road trustees, and so do all tbe widows, but although I pay Government taxes I'm not allowed to vote for Parlia ment. When members of Parlia ment learn to read I hope it will all be altered. (Mary Jane says it isn't the M's.P. you are trying to educate, but the working folks generally ; but both sorts seem to want it pretty much the same.) At the Road Trust elections re cently I intended to vote, as usual, for whatever candidate Bent the buggy for me; but Mary Jane said I ought to be ashamed ot myseir, as the man who hadu't a buggy at all might be the only man worth voting for. I knew Mary Jane was right (she reads The Cliitek regu lariy), and as every blessed oandi date sent round a flash bnggy I decided that the polling booth was no place for a respectable hard working widow on this occasion, so I didn't vote for any of them.— Yours, Arabella Jane Tubrs. ?'Good for Arabella !' ex-claimed the Sunday Man. ' 1 hope she will let us hear from her again.' _ ?' Oh, she often writes to me, said the Gloomy Man airily. ' She does it to cheer me up.' _-. — Jfc 'I excursioned to New Norfolk the other day,' said the Oracle. 'Coming home something happened whiob 1 will call WOMEN AND WIND. Miss Brown and Miss Green, two dashing young milliners, camo aboard tbe train with a grievance. The grievance talked It appears that aB they were climbing up on the platform at tbe entrance to one of those long church-»isle carnages, two other femalM'** red-headed young one an% an elderly person, who might have been Miss Brick top's prospective mother-in-law — had managed to block the passage to tbe great inconvenience of. Miss Brown and Mies Green, and the ruffling of their feathers. Having at last got into the carriage Miss Brioktop and her elderly friend sat on one side ; MUb Green and Miss Brown sat nearly opposite. Miss Bricktop put the window up in order to admire the view, and the icy blast rnsbed in and struck Miss Green and Misb Brown fair in their angry faces. They shivered, hut as the offenders sat back they felt no inconvenience whatever and ad mired the evening outlook im mensely. At last Miss Brovrn'rose and politely but frigidly requested Miss Bricktop to lower the window; but Miss Bricktop pretended not, to bear the reqaest. Then Mies Green and Miss Brown said things — to each other, of course. 'What lovely scenery!' ejaculated Miss Green. 'How delightful these cheap excursions are. Do they have them often ?' 'Oh yes,' re plied Miss Brown. 'At least I hope so ; one may get such a refreshing breeze in Tasmania. Perhaps yon have noticed how delightfully cool the breezes are in this island ?' 'Nothing to compare with the scenery, though,' said Miss Green. 'Give me the breeze,' said Miss Brown. 'If I was red-headed and had a mother-in-law I wanted to get rid of I should come on these ex cursions every day.' 'If 1 came out with my mother-in-law I should at least dreBs her decently,' remarked Miss Green. But the ladies by the open windows (evi dently visitors from the mainland) took not the slightest notice of these left-handed compliments. They spread themselves over tbe seat with an air of proprietorship and gazed out of the window with lan guid interest. The pretty noses of the milliners were blue with cold, and not even their indignation kept them from using their pocket hankeys assiduously. The other passengers were half ashamed and half amused, and altogether un comfortable. Still, sympathy seemed to be on the side of the ag gressive milliners, and at last in re sponse to a friendly nod from Miss Brown, a young Kent rose up with a polite 'excuse me,' and gently but firmly lowered the offending window. Miss Bricktop offered no objection to this somewhat sudden cutting off of the icy blast, and peace reigned for about five minntes. Tbe millinery girls had just finished smoothing their ruffled feathers and features when the train puffed into a station. Miss Bricktop threw the window up to look out on the plat form, and left it up. When tbe train started again the wind came 111 worse than ever, and every bend of the river seemed to bring in a colder blast from the region of the South Pole. Miss Brown and Miss Green commenced to shiver again ; they also resumed their remarks on women with rude manners, who seemed to think the possession of red hair gave them the right to in convenience folks whose hair whs neither red nor borrowed, etc. Again Miss Brown nodded to the obligiug young man, but he wasn't on for making a second charge on on the enemy. Instead of which he offered Miss Brown and Miss Green to change seats, as his whs a little more sheltered than theirs, and he really didn't mind the draught very much. But tbe offer was refused, and the talk continued. Without a doubt it was the most eloquently sarcastic bit of polite 'horse-shoe- ing' I have heard since tbe wbip tail season. But Miss Bricktop and her companion were invulnerable. 'I believe she is deaf,' at last whispered Miss Brown. 'Perhaps so,' cbseived Miss Green out loud. 'They say water and soap is scarce on the mainland just now.' And all the time the wiud whistled in tbe window end the milliners' pietty noseB took on a deeper 6hade of blue as their temper rose. Still Miss Bricktop took no notice. It was just as uncomfortable for the other passengers, and 1 was jut-t thinking of leaving the carriage iii disgust when a bright thought ?truck Misg. Green and took her breath away. 'Why didn't we think of it before P' she exclaimed angrily. Then adopting her sweet est smile she asked all the passen gers wbo sat near, including myself and party, if they minded her hav ing the windows up on oui side. 'The onrriHge ir positively stifling,' she dec ared. Uwng in tull sym pathy with a jiki, and partly sym patbei.ic towards . tho baif-frozi u and indignant milliners, we offered ao objections, Up west tbe win dows, and — Phew! didn't i1; bloiv The windows on both sides being open oreated a draught that nearly lifted us off our seats and blow Miss Bricktop's violet-studded pic ture hat sideways with a mighty swixh. Every oold wind th«t ever scudded up the Dei went teemed concentrated in that mighty blast The enemy surrendered inside sixty seconds. Miss Bricktop hurriedly lowered her window, and turning with a sweet smile to our now vic torious and grinning side, asked me for the correct time. And to hear my reply both ladies fished out' from under their fashionable cloaks a long ear trumpet apiece !' 'What did Miss Brown and Miss Green say then f' queried Jim the Luney. 'I'm afraid I'm a failure aB a story teller,' said the Oracle. 'What did the girlR say? Why not ask me what they had for sup per?' ? ? ? The Athletic Man said he sup posed it was up to him, and with out more ado clapped into it — A BICYCLE BABY. 1 Green Ponds is much frequented by Hobart cyclists, especially on Sundays and holidays ; and the Green Ponds lassies enjoy them im meflgely. A knight of tbe wheel, one of those easy-going wheelers who take life pretty much as they find it, found himself alone at a Green Ponds' resort one evening lately. He was having a smoke on tbe verandah prior to starting Hobart-wards in the moonlight, when he was approached by a bashful maiden with a ' Please, Mr. Blank, when is Mr. Muggins coming up again f' ' Blest if I know,' Baid Blank. 'Why?' ' Well,' stammered the lady, ' he hasn't been in Green Ponds for more than six months now, and — and — well, he ought to come.' ' Why,' exclaimed Blank, ' do you want to see him ?' 'Oh, no,' replied the girl, ' not me ; but Janey Suthers might.' Then she blushed and fumbled with her apron. ' Oho,' said Blank. ' Well, I'll fetch him along next Sunday if you like.' '0, please do, Mr. Blank.' 'Righto,' said Blank, as he started for home. The n^xt Sunday Blank was as good as his word, and per suaded Muggins to go with him for a spin to Green Ponds. Muggins, a very respectable young man, casually mentioned that he hadu't been to the Ponds for ever so long — didn't like the beer there or something; but as Blank wished it,— well, they went. They were late for dinner at the resort, but did their best to fill out the big dining room and enjoy themselves chatting with the numerous lady helps of tbe establishment. When they had finished eating, the door suddenly opened and a daughter of the house entered with a bundle which she deposited on the table in front of Muggins with the remark, 'Miss iSuthers left thia for you, Mr. Muggins, and wants to know what you are going to do about it.' Then she walked out with her hoels close together and her nose gravely hoisted in the air. Muggius whs thunder-struck; and wben the bundle began to move and cry, ' Goo- goo,' there was a stampede of tittering lady lielps at the door 'Good L-rd, Blank,' exclaimed Mugging, 'what does this mean P' ''You ought to know,' replied Blank, ' 1 don't.' 'Buc I don't,'' yelled Muagins. ' Possession if nine points of the law, anyway,' said Blank. 'Any lawyer ou-h( to know that much. ' ' But I till you I know no'hiuii hImui, it,' scrramed Mui/ginn, in great, pertur bation. ' Don't get txcitud,' ad vised Blank. ' Take the youngster back to its mother, and make what reparation you can.' 'I'll Bee yon jiggeted first,' roared Muggins, now white with passion and alarm. 'ItV a vile plot to nndermine the cha racter of a decent citizen. I'll have them prosecuted. ' I'll, I'll — but surely, BUuk, you dou't believe it?' Blank shrugged his broad shoulders and said nothing. Tho baby began 10 cry. 'What!' screamed Mm; nins, ' do you think I'm tlie pfrren of this miserable, bowling Bpiciuiej of humanity ? For two pins I'd fin it out the window.' And Muggins, beside himself with indignation, rose from his cbair and made for the bundle as though he w.mld carry out his threat. '' Here, youuu raau,' exclaimed the landlady, from the door, ' what do you mean by speaking like that about my b by?' MugtrinR sat do 1 »f if - '? ; then. -11 :e:il_\ rtCuVe I'l' Imiikui , e 8\. iz. d the b by and 1 Uhh- d t- place it in it's ini.tuei-H urniH. Blunt; says Muggins wanted to embnaM} tbe landlady for very joy ; bat Bbe would only allow him to kiss (.be baby. Muggins never gre3 to Green Ponds now without a pock t ful of sweets for that borrowed baby. But he doesn't go ve y often. He says the girls are too good at practical jokes.' ' What color was the baby's hair ?' asked tho Scientific Man. ' I didn't ask Blank,' replied the Athletic Man. ' Why ?' 'Oh, nothing much. But you might ask him whether it is chest nut.' ' Chest so,' remarked the Pnn ster, but the Athletic Man never smiled. ? * ? 'A member of the gentle sex has been adoing of it again,' announced the Poet. 'Irdeed, she didn't do it by her self, I'm sure.' exclaimed the Bar maid. 'There must have been a man in it somewhere. You men always blame the poor unfortu ? ' 'Steady, whoa back !' interposed the Poet. 'Allow me to arrange this particular KUN ON THE BANK, He loved her true and eke loved him, We'll call her Maud aad call him Tim. Neither could tell who cried the most When Tim departed for the Coast, lie toiled and wrote, she wrote and toiled, | And maoh good paper both have spoiled, ' Tim, I am true,' she wrote, 'and 70a To me, I know, are just as true,' 'Dear Maud,' wrote Tim, 'yon own my heart, My love for yon would fill a cart.' ' Do hurry up, dear Tim,' she cried, ' 1 want to be your own dear bride.' 'I can't,' wrote Tim ; ' my wages hoard, You be my banker, dearest Maud ; And soon we'll save enough, I'm sure, To purchase all the furniture.' Whenever Tim to Maudie write lie sent along a postal note. And to the Savings Bank she took The stuff, and often her conned book, And counted up with air so prim Each chilling Bent along by Tim. And coon it grew a goodly store, For Tim kept sending more and more. The weeks and months flew on apace And Tim ne'er went the giddy paoe. He toiled in patience on the Coast, And lovingly of Mand he'd boast To cheery mates who wished him oft The best of luck, but thought him soft To trust a gitl with all his stuff; But Tim knew Maud was good enough. 'Bow much,' he wrote, ''have we in etare P' 'Near thirty pounds,' wrote Maud, ' send more.' He sent his wageB every week, And fossicked on Sundays in the creek To clothe himself and pay bis board He nearly starved because of Muud. tic reckoned Christmas time would see Him bound to Maud in ecstacy. Alas! why shonld sucb joy be checked And happiness for ever wrecked ? For enddenly Maud oeased to write ; Tim felt his hearUtrings drawing tight, As anxious, pale as any ghost, He asked for letters at the post. As every night he asked in vain He turned away to hide his pain, And wandered up the mountain track , To grieve alone 'mid gullies black. i And nurse hie sorrows till the lamp j Of day illumed the cheerless camp. .: Then orawling campwards, drenched with rain, He'd read, Maud's letters o'-r again. He swallowed nothing but his criee And lumps that in his throat would rile Wueue'er he thought of darling Maud And wondered if she was a frand. ' And then he guessed she niuBt be ill 60 telegraphed enquiries till He nearly drove the ' trckers ' gray And bad no money left to pay. His kindly mates lent all they had ; No answer came, and sick and sad Tim turned away and heaved a sigh, 'I'm done,' he said, 'just let me die.' But Tim was not to die just yet. ' Bear up, old man, and you'll forget,' Those Bpoke bis mates, those rugged men Who nod to Wisdom now and then,; But Tim just pined till Hobart Mike; Said Maud bad been and bought a bike. He had it from hia sister Kate, Wbo wr.ita a letter j not to state That Maud had had a jigger built, ' I s'pofe you sent the stuff,' laughed Mike ' To buy jour girl a bloomin' bike. 'Of course,' said Tim. ' I quite forgot; But wlien iny love was fiery hot I promised Maud I'd buy or steal For her a shining brand new wheel. I'm glad ihe took mo at my word And rides about juat like a bird. May Mand enjoy her promised wbnel ; Thank God I haven't had to steal!' No laugh had they to fling at him — Thus ends tho yarn of Mauu and Tim. ' But it is not a very satisfactory ending,' quoth the Barmaid. 'How did ? Y' ' H-ive you no imagination, my dear?' asked the Poet. '' I'm afraid it is not as active as yours,' retorted the Barvnaid. ' Do you innan to say that s'.ory is true P' ' I have spoken,' s«jd the Poet. Police Inspector: It was very plucky of you, ma am, to have sat upon the burglar and bo ably captured him ; but need you have injured him to tho extent of necessi tating hiB removal to the hoBpital ? Lady How did I know it *as a burglar.' I'd h.-«n up three hours waiting for uy bug band. Mrs. Grout '» ? . ? ? . , Afferent fromoih»r m ?? .;? ? r : [ know .1. I said to , ve. .iK. 'How the wnid Lluws!1 . .j u.. -;,u,,t«l aud said, ?? Did you i-vnr kuiiv tue wiud to do any- ti, thim^ -«m., NMra. .Grout.: jl'LatieiMst it I, Boffire you'ivore married to him he probably I 