THE STORYTELLER. A TEST MATCH. By ADA RAYMOND. Ever since tlie arrival of the English Eleven Madge Lennox had shown symp toms of cricket fever, and it soon became evident that she had the complaint very 1 badly. She had always been fond of the game, and had taken special interest in in tercolonial matches ever since she could re member; but in the great series of con tests her enthusiasm led her to an extreme admiration, and her friends voted her cricket mad. Madge was quite indifferent to criticism, and only asked to be allowed to watch the play in peace. So on every possible occasion she dragged the self sacrificing relative who acted as chaperon to her, as a motherless girl, out to the Sydney Association-ground. A pretty girl has plenty of admirers; so when it became known that she was al most sure to be found in the ladies' reserve, some of her friends, particularly men who cared more for a smile from her than bil liant cricket, went to the ground as soon as they could leave their offices. Not that they could always get near her, but some times they did, and then the sight of her blue eyes, dancing with enjoyment, her flushed cheeks, the smiles which would curve her lips when some lucky bats man made a good stroke, would send the infatuated man off his head for the mo ment, and cause him to murmur some thing not quite apropos of cricket. An im patient frown would chase away the smiles, and a decided snub quickly reduce the misguided admirer to misery for the time being. Madge, with all her beauty, was not a flirt. She liked men, and enjoyed their companionship as long as it was based on sensible grounds. But she des pised empty compliments, meaningless sighs, and love-sick looks. "Hang it all," grumbled one youth to a friend, "I really don't believe Madge Lennox has a heart." "As if a girl with eyes like hers could be heartless," said another, who, though engaged, was not blind to the charms of pretty girls. "Miss Lennox's affections may be centred in cricket at present, but they can't stay there for ever, and someone will win the fair lady yet; not you, though, Brown." They were very tiresome lovers; none of them seemed to understand that unwel come attention could only hinder their chances of success. One of the few who did not worry Madge was Pierce Dixson, a quiet, reserved man, with a thin, clever-looking face. He was the son of her father's oldest friend, and visited the Lennox family very often, for his father being a squatter away in the far north, the young man had no home in Sydney. Dixson was an electrical engi neer, and finding himself suffering from overwork, was, on the advice of his doctor, enjoying rest. In his schooldays he had been a pretty fair cricketer, but on apply ing himself to study he found that, beyond an occasional game with indifferent players, he really had no time for his favourite sport. Luckily the cricket gala fitted itself in with his enforced leisure, and Pierce became as constant an atten dant at the matches as Miss Ijennox, and was generally to be found in the company of that lady and her chaperon. Madge re ceived him at Oaklea as a friend of her father's, and at his request had made him free of the house, but beyond tha£ had not taken further notice of iiim than was neces sary in her position as hostess. Discover ing in him a kindred spirit, as far as cricket was concerned, 6he was always pleased to see him beside her in the stand. He did not talk like the others, or draw her attention away just as something in teresting was happening in the field, and he was always ready to supply information she wanted. He knew the capabilities of each batsman, and the peculiarities of the bowlers. He never made a mistake about the score. Pierce was quite happy, and perfectly contented with his position. Of course, he was. deeply in love with Madge. He who could have been so much in the society of a beautiful girl and yet escape heart whole ■would have been a strange kind of man. Though he knew his love was not returned, still it was as evident to him that she cared for no one else. Pierce Dixson had quite decided that Madge should be his wife. But he was not going to worry her and spoil her enjoyment of the game and his own chances of success at the same time. As to being silent, that just suited liiin. Dixson did not talk much at any time. His studious habits had made him quiet, and being naturally rather shy he was con tent to worship tu silence. Though his eyes-rested frequently on the charming face beside him, yet he never seemed to lose a stroke in the field, and was ever ready to meet the blue eyes when turned to him for approval of some special EkiU. Madge, seeing she did not bore him with her raptures, gradually grew less reserved towards him. To him she confided her fear of the unsettled weather, her distress at the condition of the wet wicket. At the first test match, when the little Svdney man made his famous score of .201, "it was to Pierce she turned m her excitement, and forgetting that he was not beside her, met Brown's love-sick glance. Impatiently she leant forward,, until she met the dark eyes, as full of delight as her 0X"lin't be a splendid fellow?" said Pierce, clapping still. «»«»» Grand. I'm quite in love with hira." Miss Warden looked horrified. Brown looked disgusted, and Dixson smiled. "I wish I were a man," broke out Madge. "My dear," said her aunt, primly, "to wish that—" "Oh, I know. Auntie; Fve heard it he fore. "To wish to be man is to acknow ledge one's failure as a woman.' It id the first time I have ever wished such a thing, but I'll admit the failure as far as it goes, for in whatever else a woman may succeed, she'll never make a cricketer." "Do you think it frivolous of rav niece to think so much of a mere game, Mr. Dix son?" asked Miss Warden. Dixson changed slightty his position that he might get a better view of Madge be * — T.* Viiw, fVinro wnii finme thing. particularly attractive about the dainty figure in the white linen coat and skirt, the' spotless. shirt, with pale Wife ■tie, and the neat little sailor hat, where the Australian colours were represented in the hat-band. In his eyes the girlish en thusiasm displayed by Madge was so en chanting that he wondered how anyone could mid fanlt with her. But his reply For continuation of " Storyteller * Bee to Mis Warden was nttc-red in his usual deliberate tones. "It is hardly fair to ask me such a ques tion, as I am also a hit of an enthusiast: but I would much rather see a girl take a keen interest in a healthy game like cricket than listen to the raptures oi some young ladies about balls and their partners at dances: yet that is considered quite the ; correct thing." , • "I suppose so, but Madge has a:way; ; struck me as being so sensible." j "Then again, mere are the theatres. ! Feme girls do nothing but rave about the ■ stage ami actors.'"'" ^ j "bo they do; like tie Lincolns, for in-: stance. And if Madge took up such a fad as that, why, with her impulsive nature, she would be w!-f ;rig to go on the stage. And she would have her own way. too, for her father can refuse her nothing." "Indeed! I'm glad to hear that,"' thought Pierce to himself. "No. cricket, after all, is a very barm-! less amusement: Li ess the dear child. 111! never say a word against her craze 1 for it again. You have quite relieved my j mind. Mr. Dixsou." The good lacy, who, had been uneasy a: her use-re's outburst. ! regained her c-tinp-osure. and became her } usual srtiiling. Lenevc-ler.t self. ^ ! Pierce's incarnation was known to Lis ■ friends, and the "game within a game," as j they called his courtship, was watched by ; the interested otiiookers. ^ _ _ __! "You hays my best wishes, old man." i saii Brown's friend, who thought himselfI a wit; "but I am afraid the chances are rot in your favour, as it's cricket. In ten nis, now. there is such a thing as love." "Yes, but a losing game, you remember." ; said Dixsc-n. with a ghost of a smile on his , face; "and I always play to win." ! Pierce vv; quite at Lome at Oaklea, and; might be found there most evenings. j "A use Li that ooy of -Joe's/' said Mr.1 Lennox one Fuucay. "It's quite a treat, to meet an intelligent young man nc-wa-1 day;. We Love been over at the bee farm,; ana I cu.te on; :ycd showing the place to; him, he was so keen about everything." ^ j "Does Mr. Dlxscn understand _bees?"j asked Madge, for Lor father found few ad-; inirers of h.s little favourites. "No. hut I was teiiing him a little about; them, and he- seemed interested—really in-; terested. I mean; not like that idiot Brown.: who makes a pretence of listening when I j em talking, but is always casting sheep's; eyes in yc-ur direction at the same time." 1 Madge laughed. "I expect Mr. Dixson s is too sensible for that nonsense, father." j Now the time drew near for the test j man h in Melbourne. Would Dixsc-n go, j as lie had previously announced wasjiis in-; tenting, or was the attraction in Sydney; too strong for him!' was the question exer cising most of his friends. Pierce had made up his mind, and when Madge said, "Of course you are going to Melbourne':"' be answered, "Of course." No. Pierce knew what he was about. "The Argus" was posted every morning to Mis? Lennox, and telegrams were the order of the day. Then on his return there were details to be given by word of mouth. Next came the Adelaide match, which Dix son also followed up, and again the tele graph bey fcr.unted Oaklea. Miss Warden looked furiously a: the excited girl when she ran in with the new; of the great vic tory. "Madge, that young man Ls in love with yen." Ihe niece only laughed. J'"Nonsense, auntie. Mr. Brown is, if you like, but Mr. Lfirj-tn be- no' er uttered a word of love to me." "Actions -peak more than words," re marked the shrewd observer. "He dec—r; : send papers and telegrams to every girl he knows, I'll I.-:- oousd." "I should think not, indeed?" said Miss lyrntx under Lcr breath, and then aloud. "Put I don't -rpr>c—e any of his other girl friends ere a- fend of cricket as I am.'" -c aril it- only nodded her head and smiled. , Pierce L'ixson hid plenty to say on his' it:urn from Adelaide, but still be did not ask Madge the question uppermost in his thought.-. "Had :he missed him daring his absence." The next great game being in Sydney, thev were able to witness it side by side, and the evening that saw the Australians victorious Pierce -pent with the Lennoxes. AIi-t dinner Madge and he sat out on the verandah talking cricket. "Only a month to the final," said Pierce. "What excitement there will be in Mel bourne!'' "Yes," assented Madge. "I wish :t were to be placed here. You intend going, I *v£r Fhe gave a mint sigh. "Why can't you go also?" asked Pierce. Madge laughed. "Why, father thinks 1 am mad enough about cricket a« it is, and if I proposed a trip to Melbourne just to see the game I fancy he would feci inclined to send me to Gladesviile instead." "May I suggest a way of getting there?" "Yes; but I'm afraid it's a hoj>eless case." "Then Madge, will you marry me, and go with me to the cricket match in Mel- j bourne?" Her answer was a little angry exdama-: tioa, foilowed in cold tones with these words:—"It is not like you. Mr. Dixson, to jest on such a subject." "Nor do L" Pierce tried to see Madge's face in the dim light. "I was never more serious in my lire. Is it very wonder pa! that I should love you, Madge? Ever since I hzre known you my dearest hone Las been that some day I might persuade you to be my wife." "Hut." gasped Madge, "marry just to go to a cricket match? 1 couldn't do that. "Why shouldn't you? You don't dislike me. do you?'' "No. no." "Perhaps yc-a even like me a little?" "Yc-es,' stammered Madge. "More than any of the others?" "Oh. yes. "Then let us marry. I, because I lore I you, and you, because—well, because you j care more for me than the other fellows, f The wedding must take place this month. \ because my holidays will not last much j longer, and we will go to the cricket, j because there is no better^ place i than Melbourne for a honeymoon." Pierre : r-osses.-c-i himself e: the little hand, which ( trembled for a time, and then lay passive : in his firm clasp. Perhaps the thought of witnessing the final struggle between the teams was too tempting: or the usually silent man was particularly eloquent. However that might be, it is certain that before they joined the ethers in the drawingrocm Madge bad promised to marry Dixson, subject to the approval of the family. Miss Warden was delighted with her favourite's success, bat papa's anger, like bis Satanic Majesty's favourite brew of half-and-half, was "a much more difficult matter to fight." Though Mr. Lennox stormed for a time, and declared them a couple of idiots for wanting such a hast;.' marriage, he cave in at last. His consent k^„eo was not given merely because wilful child usually had her his HiUUi itxisu. own way. or because Joe's boy was a "good lad. He had private reasons. One of those officious busy-bodies who always know more of other people's business than their own had congratulated Mr. Lennox on his daughter's engagement to Wilfred Brown. That lazy scapegrace marry Madge! The thought made him furious. And the fact that it would per haps be a good thing to have his daughter safe from Brown's pretensions had as much weight in his decision as the blandishments of his daughter or the virtues of his future son-in-law. So the dressmakers were hurried, and the bridesmaids engaged for the eventful day, and the end of the month saw Madge and Pierce united as man and wife, speed ing southwards to "join the glad throng" of cricket enthusiasts already overflowing Melbourne. Together thev witnessed the final struggle, England v. Australia, and un grudging admired the plav of Stoddarr's team. Ah, that was something like a cric ket season! In the evening the bride and bridegroom talked over the events of the day. Sladge was seated in a rocking-chair fanning her self. Pierce stood with his elbow resting on the chiraEeypiece, his eyes on the sway ing figure near the window. "I don't think much of the leg-break. Pierce, that people praise so much." "One wants to be at the wicket to appre ciate it; it's very effective there." Sladge laughed. "Well, I'm sorry it's all over: it has been the best season of cricket we have ever had." "Yes," agreed Pierce, but in an absent minded way. The-n after a pause be said, watching her curiously, "I wonder, Madge, if I should have won you apart from the cricket. The chair stopped rocking and the fan I fluttered to the ground, while a look of dis tress crept into the girl's eyes. "Pierce," she said, "there is something I; have wanted to say to you for some time." Pierce moved nearer. "Don't tell me! anything which will distress you, dear," be said gently. But his face paled, and he! set bis teeth as he wondered to hinieelf ifj she were going to tell him that after all! their marriage was a failure. "Oh, but 1 want jto," she insisted. "1 j meant to do so before we were married, but there was such a hurry and bustle that somehow I never managed to get a chance. I did not mind what other people thought about me, but I cannot bear you to think that I only became your wife in order to follow up the cricket. I know they all imagined that, all except dad and auntie. I even overheard one of my brides maids say that people called our marriage the test match, and thought we would soon find out our mistake. It was not the crickc-t at all. though that, of course, helped me to know you better; but it was your sympathy made me love you." Pierce stroked her hair gently, but did not speak; it was so sweet to hear her talk in that strain. "Yes," she went on, leaning her head against the arm passed round her; "I really tliinfc that sympathy is the best quality one can wish for in a man. Wilfred Brown, though lie professed to love me, never would enter into anything which in terested me. He treated everyone that way ; ' he advised auntie to engage a gardener instead of worry-j 2TU her" flo'were, and told my father he wondered at him troubling his lamer nc ivuuua™ «» ...... c — head about such horrid things as bees! Now auntie always enjoyed a talk with you, and I am sure you never could pretend the in terest showed about the bee- farm." "But then, my dear, you must remember that I am not a brilliant conversationalist; in fact, I. am rather like Moses, slow of speech and of a slow tongue. My studies have made me quiet, I suppose, and- I am always a better listener than talker. My interest in the conversation of your aunt and your father was not feigned, for I quite enjoyed hearing them discuss their respective hobbies." "Well, that was because of your broad mindedness, and you were just as tolerant with my love for cricket, perhaps more so,1 because there our tastes agreed. As to your being quiet, if that helps to make you so thoughtful for other people, I like it, and I am sure I chatter enough for two. Still, I knew you loved me all the time in spite of your silence. And when you went to Adelaide and Melbourne, and people said you cared more for the cricket than for me, I didn't say a word to keep you, though I knew I should miss you very much. You would sooner have-stayed with me, wouldn't you?" "feather!.". "But you thought I should enjoy hear ing the account of the matches from an interested onlooker better than the.press notices- And bpw did you know all that? Sympathy again, you see." "Telepathy," objected Pierce, but . he drew her nearer as he spoke. "Call it what you like, but I prefer the old-fashioned word. And I am glad I told you, Pierce, because I was afraid that, like the others, you might think it waa all fhO ^^^^Ks«ed the street face tenderly^ 