THE WONDERLAND OF THE NORTH. By Maude Wheeler. FROM ATHERTON TO MAREEBA. In the mute sunlit afternoon, Leaves trembled to some undertune Of music in the silver air ; Great pleasure was it to be there, Till green turned duskier, and the moon Coloured the cornsheaves like gold hair. SWINBURNE. From Atherton to Mareeba on the box-seat of a coach is the dreariest drive imaginable. The road is over a dull, monotonous plain, and the red dust lies heavily upon the horses and passengers. Just three or four miles past Atherton there is a tiny settlement called Martin Town. Martin Town consists principally of a saw-mill and a hotel ; the only apparent industry is cutting down the magnificent cedars in the big scrub and sending them on to Mareeba by a traction engine. As the road has a slight incline all the way to Mareeba this is comparatively easy, and the traction engine manages to keep ahead of the coach all the way. The road through the big scrub is bordered by tall, stately trees, many of them covered with grand staghorn and bird's nest fern's, but this is soon left behind, and then we go across the dull, flat plain, where nothing re- lieves the weird loneliness. As far as the eye can reach, nothing but miles of plain, covered with gum-trees ; not a hill, not a rise in the distance ; always the same plains and trees. I find it far worse travelling than any of my back-block experiences, even upon Mount Misery and the Featherbed Range. There, it the roads were bad, the scenery was good, and it's much pleasanter to travel in a buckboard buggy than on the box-seat of a coach. A frivolous aud irrele- vant drunk accompanied us part of the way. There was no room for him, so he sat on the roof of the coach, with his legs dangling over the side. He favoured us with his views upon the Boer war, federation, the New Woman, and every subject he could think of. At last he was left at a wayside pub, to the great delight of our driver, Jack, who was under the impression that the inebriated one would inevitably fall off the top of the coach, and we would all be tried for aiding and abetting his untimely decease. That special Providence which is said to care for drunks, children, and fools doubtless protected the amiable lunatic until he was safely landed. It's a horrible thing to think of a drunk sitting on one of those high coaches behind five horses, the coach gets a great sway on it going up or down a bill, and it looks quite unpleasantly dangerous. And so we go on ; the only break is stopping at some dreary wayside hotel, where all the men get down to have the usual drink. I ask for water, and get some tepid, murky fluid that's nearly as good as an emetic. We pass a girl driving a smart pair of horses very neatly, and our old driver gives her a word of praise for her handling of them. She is going to a bush funeral, a bullock driver has died at Martin Town, and all the country folk around are going to that sad- dest of all sights-a bush funeral. At Atherton there was no regular cemetery. Under the singing trees slept the few dead, who had all died in their youth. One man, while trying to save a child who fell into a creek, another man from the kick of a mule, and the wife of the last man had died in child bed. They sleep well, and over them the trees make their everlasting moan. It is one of the most melancholy places I have seen. Here, in this new country, nobody thinks of death, though they face it in many forms. Yet they usually seem invincible, and the marvellous dryness and purity of the air helps them to live to a ripe age. So at the next wayside pub everybody gets down and drinks to drown thirst, and sad thoughts, and we go on past the twined gum-trees that flit by like a procession of ghosts. Even into the big scrub the new woman has penetrated, and she was a tiny, thin creature, who rode a bicycle all round the country. Needless to say, she was a Mel- bourne woman ; who else would have the audacity, the cool effrontery, to ride a " bike" beneath the frowning stare ot the stately giants of the forest ? Clad in a short, smart skirt of tan-coloured cloth, her legs encased in gaiters, upon her head the sailor hat of civilisation, she seemed a glaring incongruity in that land of big dis- tances and great desires. The kindly men of the country regarded her as an anomaly, though they wouldn't have said it that way ; that any living creature should prefer a bicycle to a horse seemed strange to the rough, kindly sons of the big forest. So the new woman was tolerated - no more. As we pursue our dreary road, we overtake a cyclist, a man. Something has gone wrong with his machine, and we think he will want a lift ; but no, he would not give in, so we go on, while he follows behind in a woe-begone fashion. We pass a rack team of mules, driven by John Chinaman, who aptly fulfils the old Scriptural injunc tion by being all things to all men. Here he is a packer, and he rides stolidly along- side his team of sturdy animals, each with a bell of greater or less discordance dangling from its neck. Then we pass a team of patient bullocks, and the next object is a small hotel, called the Four-mile. Four miles from Mareeba, where there are trains and telegraphs and all the things we have grown to think necessary in our complex life. The four miles pass quickly, and we drive into the lonely little town. The air is strongly scented with cedar-wood. It is a quaint Oriental odour, that makes you think of Chinamen and the mingled odours of opium and incense that emanate from their hovels. Far away in Atherton they have in their colony a josshouse, gorgeous with scarlet and purple, and with many devices of strangely carved and gilded woods. Beneath the idols incense is per- petually burning, and in a vessel of oil a light is kept night and day. A strange barbaric drum, carved and lettered, hangs upon the wall, and so beneath an alien sky, and in a foreign land, the Chinese keep the faith of their forefathers. The contrast between the humble shed, roofed with modern corrugated iron, the floor made of beaten ant-heaps, and the silver serving vessels of the god is striking. To return to Mareeba and its civilised and painful barbarism - its one long street faces the afternoon sun, the road looks about 3ft. deep in red dust, though it may be less, and the whole place has an unsettled air, as though it had been called into existence for no good or lasting reason. The sun beats fiercely, and everything Is hot to the touch, when we reach what is called the leading hotel of Mareeba. Scramb- ling from my high seat, I go in and get cool water to refresh myself. Nobody asks for my ticket on the coach ; they evidently think, if I had not a ticket I wouldn't be there. Later comes dinner, in a big gaunt dining-room built of unpainted cedar, and re- dolent of the spicy wood. Such a dinner tea, of course, beef, and potatoes, and cab- bage, and then plum-pudding, bread and cheese, and Chinese-grown salad. Afterwards it is good to sit in the moon- light and feel the soft cool breeze. And then to bed early in order to get the only train that leaves next day. 