BABBLE. Governor Beauchacop made no attempt to conceal the Broad Arrow, bat on the' contrary, .seemed to glory in the distinction. Not so Governor ^Jer^ry ' Smith of Sandstralia, who has deliberately turned his back an Broad Arrow, W. A. The citizens of that struggling gold centre had determined to 4 do him proud,'bat the Governah, with a sniff of gubernatorial in difference, declined-ah to receive the hospitality which an effervescent township desired to shower on him. Whereat the genial Jim Bogles of the place naturally felt incensed. And when the Governor passes their way again even the cup of cold (con densed) water may not be offered to him. Governah Jerry, who is a soldierly man of more drills than service, and has all the. faults of an aristocrat without the virtues, has a quaint faculty for offending people. On the occasion cf the opening of the Xal goorlie railway he distinguished him self by inviting the populace to pawn their pyjamas and plank the money on Great Boulders. While at Kal goorlie he was the guest of the one time Western mining magnate, George Gray, who prepared a semi-public dinner in honor of His Ex. Jerry, however, could not see where the honor came in. As the gilded repre sentative of the British Empiah he declined to sCttend to be gazed on by mere dry blowers and quartz pul verisers. He therefore had a private dinner all alone in his glory. There was much indignation over this event, and Kalgoorlie that day waxed as wroth and as earnestly as a willy- willy on a down grade. Governor Smith on that particular visit was somewhat unfortunate. Re turning by the train 4 something went wrong with the works,' and immedi ately Sir Gerard whipped out to in vestigate matters. His unwarranted interference with the official in charge occasioned a rebuke which lives in letters of iron in the memory of Wes tralia's only Jerry to this day. The stationmaster, with a truly democratic disregard for the pomp and circum stance which glorifies mere humanity, told His Excellency to seek warmer quarters than even Coolgardie affords in the height of summer, and where asbestos costumes are not fireproof This is a roundabout way of saying he told him to go to . His Excel lency's Imperialistic blood might have boiled at this astonishing reply, but there was no speech or language where his voice could be heard. In fact, it did not rise above his throat. How ever, an enquiry was held, and the official was cleared of blame, but the Western Railway Department was made a hotter place than even that to which Sir Jerry had been ordered, and it was not long after that the un fortunate stationmaster was no longer numbered with the Service. When the cable came out to Perth announcing the appointment of Gerard Smith as Governor, some obscure 9 — ^ ^ «w^r w w J. V person arose in the land and demanded, 'Who's Smith?' And with un assailable logic a friend replied * Smith is Smith.' 4 Yes,'concurred the O.P., but which Smith V Subsequent enquiry unearthed the fact that Smith was a Gerard and a descendant of an old banking family. Also, that he was a Lieutenant?Colonel who had on more than one occasion proved himself an intrepid drill instructor, and had once sat in the House of Commons. The strictest investigation failed to discover any pretensions to a noble line of lineage or anything exclusively aristocratic other than that which Commerce begets. Jerry is a terrific Imperialist, who cannot speik five sentences without dragging iq the British Empire neck and crop. In fact, he fairly hurls it at his audience. Incidents* such as theee hnve brought on Sir Jerry the odium of all that section of the public which believes in the great democratic principle, as voiced by iuamoital Burns— ' A man's a man for a' that/ Burns further remarked that ' a prince can mak a belted knigh*,' Quiz would add that the said prince some times completes the undertaking with very peculiar material. Sir Gerard Smith has yet to learn that the snobberies, and affectations, and ignorant assumptions of the haw-haw British importation is a ghastly failure with the Australian public. Tie yokels who gape and stare when the representative of a few dollars passes are confined to the lanes and meadows of Conservative old England, where the people are trammelled by hoary tradition. Talking of Governors, Quiz is re minded of the fact that Lord Tennyson has distinguished the inauguration of his career by paying a Viceregal visit to the city schools, under the wing of Sir Langdon Bonython's frock coat. The impression made was distinctly good, both upon teachers and scholars, and His Excellency immediately grasped any situation in which he found himself, asked intelligent ques tions, and generally conducted himself as a man of sense, and not a dreary bore. Quiz cannot resist the tempta tion here to relate an anecdote in which Lord Tennyson's saintly pre decessor was the chief figure. One time Sir Fowell Buxton was on board the Protector, and interrogated a decent official thuawise :—4 What is your posinon in the Service?1 4 A gunner, your Excellency.' * Ah, how long have you been in the Service V 4 Some year?, your Excellency.1 4 Ab, and do you !ike the Service ?' 4 Yes, your Excellency.' * Ah, and can you tell me, gunner, the name—ah—of that headland — ah — ovah there '? 4 No, your Excellency ; it ain't got no name.' Hh Excellency, with a snort of contempt—1 Several year-r-s in the Service and don't know the name of that headland !' And Viceregality turned on its heel and strode away in disgmt, whilst the puny promontory hid its diminished unnamed head. Yerily the Cause spreads. The Salvation Army authorities have long since captured the hall where the German Club held subdued revelry by night, drank lager by day, and dis cussed the succulent sauer kraut at sundry time?. Now is the place given over to 'Blood and Fire' and the doctrine of St. Booth. The W.C.T.U. would appfar to be on the trail of the serpent, too, for they have taken the premises formerly held by the members of the Austral Club, which institution cheerfully gave up the ghost a little while ago. How strange it will be for many of the ladies of the W.C.T.U. to sit in solemn conclave discussing serious social subjects in the apartments where formerly some smoket<>om stories circled cerulean and sulphurous to the accompaniment of the flowing bowl. Also, when an anecdote is being retailed now there is not much danger of figures on the wall coming from out their places to lend a listen ing ear. If they did their ejaculations might be somewhat akin to tbat of 'Charlie's Aunt from Brazil, where the nuts come from,1 when that in individual was forced to listen to a lady'8 confidential story. Meantime the Government follows in the wake of the W.C.T.U., and the State Bank rules where formerly Cold Tea reigned. If a story which reaches Quiz is true then the science of mental healing has its very decided disa4vantages. A certain man was unfortunate enough to have one leg shorter than another as a result of an accident. The healers set to work, and the shorter leg began to grow at a great rate, with the result that it is the other leg that is now short. This is given out as a hard fact, but you know facts are very stubborn things, and so are some story tellers when their veracity is ques tioned. 