CURRENT +EYEKT8. The. ball to be given in our local shire hall by Dr. and DMrs. Johnson in aid?of the Alexandra hospital takes place on Friday night of next week. hat the attendance will be a record one may be taken for granted provided the weather is fine, and patrons may rest as eared that nothing is being left undone by the generous donors that would tend to:tlieir coinfort, convenience and ples sure. The portico of the hall is to be covered in and carpeted and converted into a smoking room, so as to relieve the priausore.on the shire secretary's office. The stage decorations will be carried out by Mrs. Billinghurst, assisted by Mrs. Oordqn, while the hall decorations will be left to the skill of Mrs. Lane and MlistIHardy. A most interesting fea tre of theevening will be the exhibition of X 1Rays by Dr. Johnson, assisted by the- Rev. &..B. Rowed. This will take place in Mir. Alston's office, aj,.ining the supper room. Our genial rate col lector is not expected to occupy the room for many days after the event owing to the presence of the ghosts, hob gobbis.' and skeletons that will arise from the solphorous exhibits thrown out by the X rays, and we deeply sympathise e with:Mr;. Alston in lending his room for each iinearthly exhbbitions. A ball in aid of the Alexandra hoe pital'l 'is ie held in the Glenburn State school+on Friday of next week, the same date as Dr. and Mrs. Johnson give a c similar entertainment to the residents of a thifeh1 :sh,; We trust both will be 8 abnddiantly atitended. $ tbi'iiii piratiim of next month, says t our f'Ya-contemporary, "Or. Quinlan a shire president, will have completed his b 25th year of ,ffice as a municipal repro- q seataive. In other words he has for a quartr nf"at century been continuously t devotlng his time and influence to-the ii iritereits of the ratepayers and general h pihlia such a record is one which any at man ilight feelproud, but it were a pity d and esi;injnstize if such were allowed to CI go uaiecognised ;. consequently a move ment:la. -.on foot to. adequately mark P the ippreciatioa and esteem in which the efforts of our respected friend are , held by the ,eolle of Yea and district. de The matter, we feel sure, has only to be a mentioned to receive the co-operation 0e and support of all sections of the com- at nuanity, a.d? doubtless the colleagues of ur Or. Qtiinl'irin the council and Dairy n Odm 'n'r4will be amongst the most no eafet suiplporters of the project, they pI beijmt setter able to estimate what a on sacrifice 25 years of unbroken service lo means." As Or. Quinlan is so well and in favonrably known in the Alexandra dis- Pt trict, we respectfully suggest that who- el ever are appointed, to promote a testi- el monial to our very old and respected tI friend they should not fail to solicit the ml s-ipport of Alexandrans. We do not of pretend to ray' there' are 'numbers who W will epporltthe project; but there are a fewr'rlendeif Cr.-Quinlan'in -this 'ahirq 4 who woild feel hurt" if not asked to ex press -their apl reciation by contributing ;s to the testimonial of their sense of his to ling and faithful pllie service to the at lea shire;':Personally this "Standard" d will-be Ilevas'd to assist "The Chroni- se cle" in any way it can in- this move Mr. C. M. Hall. dentist, will visit Alex- a Andra on Thursday, 6th July, from 12.30 to ti 8, and Friday, 7th July, all day. o iThe ttetion of church goers is drawn to 'w tae fsct that a special choral evensong will ti l'-reuidered at St. Jrihn'a ('hurch, Alexan. cr drai;'on Sunday evening next, to celebrate 'P the 63rd acecession of Her Majesltythe Queen re to the $ritish throne. Spesial hymns and anthems will be sung, and the sddress will t havi reference to the event, which will b atually 'occur on Tuesday next. The con-t gregation are invited to join irs the singing of the N'tioosl Anthem, which will con elude the service. It is hoped there will be a'large attendance. L Periodically jout about this time of year. t the Melbourne press brings forcibly under noolce the unemployed question, and the labor.organ the other d 'y had columns about the distress existing in the ranks of the un o employed In this city. rAs perhaps your h bade :are'aware, the Citizens Unemployed h 1dnference asked all town clerks and shire secretaries'tbrougbout the colony to open a register for the local unemployed, and this Was agreed to. I do not know how these ists's faredi In the country districts, but speaking to the town clerks of three muni -cpalities around Melbourne, they told me a that the response of the workless residents was very. small. In one municipality 16 names were registered, in a second 14, a?id idi the case of 'the third only half-a.dozen. This looks auspiciously like men singing out for ,work and praying to Heaven they won't get it. A marriage that created no little local interest was celebratd at St. John's Church, A?exsrdnra, by the RIv. A. B. Howed on Wednesday morning of this week. The eon tracting parties were Mr. John Payne, son cefour.old and esteemed citizen, Mr. George Payne, rsear.. who has just retired from bstiess?iand Mias Whitehouse, a ward of 1r.; W. Creighliton,of Egling-tn Hill. Both were s.ell know anrd held in esteem by all -equainted with them. The ceremony at thechurch was Sitnessed by a large number of residente, niter which the marriage break fast was partaken of at tile re-idence of the 'bridegroom's parent', "The Brewery," on the Goulhurn rivet, to which about 40 rela tives. And a' numbcr of friends sar down. The breakfast evan of a moet recherehb6 des cription, and reflected great toaste on the part of Mrs. Payne, neanr. The Rev. Mr. towed proposed the teeast of " The Queen," Mr. Creightan that of the "Bride and Bridegroom" and Mr. GCorman tlhait of "The Parents." fn the evening a ? lance was teld in the house, and merriment ruled supreme until daylight ilid appear. The happy couple departed for Melbourne by the after moon train." Our readerawvill rerer to learn that Coun cillor Scale is so ill with sciatica as to pre vent his atteidance at the council meeting -on Wednesday. The attack Ihus been of -considerable duration, but it is hoped that Cr. Scale will be s~eedily rid of the painful malady. It must havne been very had indeed to have been the causae of the worthy cour -oilelor named missing a council meeting. KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES for Coughs, Asthma, Broad'itis. Melical testi mony states that no otisr medicine is so 4fcctuol in tbo cure of tlhese cfngcrons atLdic?. One Lozenge alone gives ease, one or two athedtimeensules rest. "or relieving difliculty of breathing they are invaluable they contain no opium nor any violent drag old Pby all Chemist, in Tins,la Ild and 2e. each, 