THE STORYTELLER. \--fc . DA M ABIS He had just moved into his new lodg- ings and had endeavoured to make the bare, cheerless room a little more home- like, but though tlie photographs were scattered about, his pipe-rack nailed over the mantel shelf, surmounted by a neat and effective border of unpaid bills, sundry writs and County Court notices, I he was yet unsatisfied with the general I effect. Of course, there was a vost difference between the luxurious quarters in Mur ray Hill, which he had just vacated, and these small, stifling rooms, with their horsehair furniture, but he was some- what of a philosopher, and his motto was to go with the tide. , This time, however, the current had I been too strong, and he found himself at \ last stranded with an allowance of £200 a year, tbe last remnant of tbe bandeóme j fortune that had once been his. The fault was entirely his own. He ; frankly admitted it, though most men would have laid, the blame on the woman j who was the primary cause of it all, but ! he did not condemn ber. He also had been to blame. She was j poor, and he had made love to her under false colours-had led ber to be- lieve he was a poor Government clerk at a salary of £150 a year. His object at first had been purely for tis own amuse- ment, but ehe was not the kind of woman fitted to bea mane plaything, and the game had ended in deadly earnest. Therefore, it was with some trepida- tion that he bad written, confessing that which he bad concealed from her. He was scarcely prepared, however, for the curb reply that caine: "I am going away to-day. Good-bye." Mechanically be opened the drawer of the wilting table at which he stood. It was full o£ papers and little womanly trifles, evidently the property of the former occupant of the room. Uncon- sciously he commenced to read the paper in hie band-the nvriting was blurred j and irregular, as though written by some j one in ill-health. j "Dear, why do I think of you to-dayP ! It seems as though you must be neal*, or is it because it is spring-time and my j room is full of yellow daffodils. I am writing a letter to you, one that you will never receive-r-for all I know you may be dead, or, even married. It does not seem so long since we met, though I know it is years ago. I wonder if you would be glad to know that I to-day am thinking of you ; that out of the desolate gray comes a vague, sweet dream that brings you near to me. To-morrow it will be winter again-whiter in my beavfc and I shall tear up this letter; but to-day the dreariness has faded. There is no touch of scorn to freeze my heart, no kisses cold as death to chill my lips-no silence that aches round me_with its worldless pain - . » " I hear the whis- per of spring that breathes of hope ; I feel the touon of clinging hands-your bair against my cheek. Dear, whom 1 might not know were I to meet you now, do you doubt my love, that yon let me go out of your life without a word or a sign that yon cared-" Here the writing terminated abruptly. The reader stood as in a dream, staring straight before him into the dingy street. Her handwriting ! It was os though a ghost bod risen to comfort him. A knock at the door aroused him from bis stupor, and tbe landlady bustled in with the tea tray ; ber quick eyes caught sight of the open drawer. " Good laws, I meant .to clear that out, sir Í " she ex- claimed, *' but the poor young lady being taken away so sodden like, clear drove it out of my bead." " is-is she dead P" he faltered , A deadly fear hod taken possession of him ; bis face paled to ashen hue. " Lor*, no, leostaways not yet," said the good woman cheerfully. " I went to see ber last week at the 'orspital, but the doctor don't give any hope of ber gettin' better." As Bhe spoke she swept the contents of the drawer into her apron, and he winced at the. sight-to him it seemed like desecration, and bis hand closed convulsively on the letter be held. " Which hospital was she taken ?" he asked, steadying his voice with an effort. " The one just around in the square, sir," answered the woman. Then, in hurried apology : " You'll be wanting your tea, sir; you look tired." As the door closed on her portly form be dropped his bead in his bands. " Good God 1" hegroaned, " p^vhole week bas passed : she may be dead? ' It was visiting day at the hospital; the ward was bright with spring flowers, and brighter faces lit up by that pathetic, wistful expectancy characteristic">of the sick. There was an eager bum of voices, too, bushed occasionally by-en admonish- ing word from tbe nurse in charge. In the same ward, railed off by a curtained screen from the other patients, lay a tiri asleep. No visitor ever came for er sate the doctor, and sometimes the woman from where she bad oncelodged, but the nurBe,1n kindly sympathy, had placed a bowl of fresh, daffodils where ber tii-ed eyes could see them on awaken- ing. The doctor gave no hope of the patient's recovery, and ap, with womanly Sity, abe tried-to make the girl's last ays as happy as'pbBsible. Before the afternoon was bali over, a gentleman called,and asked to seeXfo. 20. "She is not expected to live,*' said the nurse, studying the wWte, anxious îaoe'before ber. "Ar© yon a xneadiBhe bas no Mlative&ä think." " Tes-a friend. That is, I knew her years ago," hé said, hesitatingly. " Per hays you ¿ad better bréal¿itto her first ; it might startle her." As the nurse went hack, the girl opened her great brown eyes, ber ea.ru caught the sound of merry laughter, and her gaze wandered to the daffodils ; a long ing look crept into her eyes. " Who brought me the flowers, nurse ?" She asked in a kind of breathless wonder, and a sudden idea took possession of the nurse. " A gentleman ; a friend who knew you years- ago," she replied. A deep flush dyed the girl's white cheeks. " Is he here P ' she said eagerly, and the white, wasted hands opened and closed convulsively. " Yes, dear, and if you'll promise not to excite yourself you shall see him for a few minutes," said the nurse, soothingly, and forthwith ushered in the visitor. With a stifled cry he fell on hia knees hythe bed. "Damaris!" he said, and the girl touched his rough curls. "You have come hack," she whispered, with half incredulous joy. The nurse dropped the curtain and left them together. "I knew you would come when I saw the daffodils," she went on, with a tre- mor of eagerness. " Don't you remem- ber, dear, how we met in the time of daffodils, and how happy we. were ?" He took the little trembling hands and kissed them passionately.: "You didn't receive my letter 'that I wrote six years ago asking you to many me and telling how I had deceived you," he said. .*' Did you deceive me P It doesn't mat- tel-," she'smiled ; " nothing matters now you have come back to ine." He kissed.the email white face. " You will get better, Damaris," he pleaded, " for my sake, sweetheart, though God knows I don't deservo it." She took his face in her two hands. ' How could I die and leave you all 'alonep" she asked pathetically. Thus after many years they took up the severed threads of their lives, and love, " who will not be denied," smoothes out the tangle, and wove in its stead hie golden mesh.-^Stt/aîo News. 