CHAPTER XXXV1T.-CYR1L FINDS A DERELICT. Cyril's own surprise at finding himself in such company fully equalled that of his wife. After the Turf dub diuner, which was a protracted affair, he had strolled round by the Empyrean with or without any premeditated idea of seeing Lettiee, and was accosted by a strange woman as she was leaving the house. "Lord Mcnta cutc!'' she exclaimed, in a low, hoarse whisper. "Yes," Cyril said, "J am Lord Moni.a cule: can I do anything for you?" lie was said to he brusque to women; to woman or man in misfortune he was gen tleness itself. "You do nob remember me? Tt is not likely you would," this stranger said, who had inspired him witli a feeling of com passion the moment she accosted him. "No. I doii't think I have ever seen vou before." "Yes, indeed you have, though I daresay von had no wish to see me again," she said, with a smile so sad as to .accentuate rather than relievo the wan misery of her face. "I am, rather perhaps I should say I was, Mrs. Oppendorp." "flood God!" exclaimed Cyril, moved with an infinite compassion, "and come to this?" "What else could T come to? 1 was like the poor man in the Bible driven up in a corner; 1 could not dig and was ashamed to beg." Cyril thought she might well be equally ashamed of Tier rather obvious profession, and with his usu'al directness told her so. "I am," the poor woman protested; "God knows that I am; unless He has for gotten me altogether." "Jfe would not do that," Cyril said very gently, thinking of another aud Diviner speech from the same Book. "Why not?" said the woman. "It would he only just. 1 am sure we forgot Him sufficiently when we were rich enouj|fa;oj5 thought we were, to do without Him. * It was late. The people were beginning to leave the theatre, ana Lord Montaeute could not be eeen talking with a person of ■poor Mrs. Oppendorp's present appearance in the searching glare of the electric light. "Come with me," he said, "we will have supper somewhere, together, and you sball tell me your story." Cyril did not want supper, but Lis com Eanion looked as if it might do her good, te took her first to the Golden Gridiron, but was reminded by its gorgeous janitor of the regulations forbidding ladies to bo entertained at the restaurant at so late an. hour. With the cabman's aid,, however, they found a place which was less scrupu lously circumspect, and there Cyril ordered for his guest a dainty supper, lie sat oppo site and talked cheerfully while slie ate, and then pouring out for her a glass of the best wine the house could supply made her tell him the sad story of her desertion, and a cruel story it was. "Have you no relatives to whom you can go?" he enquired. Noue that she knew of; she was the child of a small bookmaker, who was long since broken and dead, and he was the only one she had ever known. Children?—lie asked. None—she thanked God at least for that. Never in his life had Cyril discovered any, one so utterly destitute and hopeless as this forsaken wife. She was but the ghost of the smart well-turned-out woman he had formerly known, and the contrast was painful to see. He had little experience of the manifestations of either disease or fa mine, but it appeared to him she must be suffering from one or the other, possibly, from both, for the hand which rested oh: the table was nearly as -white as the cloth, and semi-transparent; her form attenuated to a degree. She seemed to divine bis thoughts, for she said— "I have not very long to live, and it is best so; life is unendurable when all is gone from one." Yet she did r.ot weep or com plain; it seemed as though the faculty of feeling was gone also. It was almost more than Cyril could bear to witness such hope less misery. "f never imagined my husband was 3, good man," she resumed, speaking slowly, and reflectively, yet with 110 sign^ in her voice of disappointment or regret—"but lie was all I had, and I loved him. If he would hftve let me, 1 would have gone with him, though he had lost every penny, io the end of the earth; and, though I know now how had he must have been, do you know I think I love him still?" "Then God forgive mm, Cyn! said. He foiled money upon her, which she was unwilling to take, beeause she said ho had been robbed enough already. She did not thank him with grateful words, being too apathetic, too far gone in abject hope lessness to expect any good from his suc cour; but when he bade her good-n'igbt, she took his hand in the darkness of the street and pressed it to her lips, saying— "Your wife must be a happy woman." Ar.d there was that in her speech, or in his own conscience, which caused Cyril to wince. For, strange to say, liis wife did not seem very happy, though her ideal of life was by way of being so abundantly realized. Maud appeared to have lost something of til© calm which had seemed a part of her na ture, and showed irritability and temper on slight provocation. When the season was over and they were down at lvetsey again, matters were not much bettor. Tbing6 went badly in the household, where they had gone so wel'l before the marriage. Mrs. Kenny resigned, to her young Lord's great regret; and when he urged her to recon sider tlie matter, she jicrsisted in her deter mination on the grounds that she found herself unable to give satisfaction to her Ladyship. Parting with his old housekeep er caused Cyril the greatest annoyance; but he felt he could not expect her to stay to be found fault with at her time of life. So Jilrs. Kenny was comfortably established with her Persian cat ir. a small house near the Church, where she knitted her Lord'a stockings, and had the little heir, to whom she was devoted, with his nurse to tea; while a vigorous and capable female in a purple-silk gown and cameo brooch reigned over the servants' hall in her stead, with a strict discipline, which was not altogether uiineeded in that part oLlhe establishment. Is^v There was trouble also with a higher offi cial even than Mrs. Kenny; the ehaplafb and her Ladyship coming presently to log gerheads over palish affairs. He was willing to allow her her share in the management, but could not endure the haughty condem nation of all his old methods, which had Kuilieed for so many years before my Lady's aristocratic linger obtruded itself into tbo parochial pic. "\Vhy can't you let him go on in his own. way?"' Cyril said. "Travel's is a pleasant enough old chap when you don't bully him; but you can't expect him to stand being suddenly sat upon after having had a free hand for so long." "That is just the point," said Maud, "they have all bad their own way so long that they are completely spoiled. If lie does not like the new regime, he can re sign.". "No, no." Cyril said, "we have had enough of resigning. Understand, Maud, please, that I will not have the Vicar inter fered with." And when Cyril spake in such wise, even my Lady had learned t'werc well to obey. .Nevertheless Cyril would not have been sorry bad the chaplain seen bis way to re lire. His preaching, never very brilliant, bad become dull with age, and that cus't vu which does somewhat stale all save the most infinite variety. Moreover, he design ed, when that event should happen, to put Carlyon in his place. The curate's love affair still dragged its weary length. Everybody was sick of it, especially the two principals; but neither side, each being in the right from their different points of. view, would give in. The Eiistons ha<l lost some money in the Oppen dorp disaster; yet not enough to hurt thein, yet sufficient to humble somewhat the Rec torial lady, and check for the time any, fresh development of her social aspirations. •Still they would not abate one jot of their matrimonial ambitious, and there appeared no prospect of the matter being settled during the parents' life time. '"You can't go on like this for ever, you know," Cyril said to the long- suffering suitor. "The tension is too great. If you are determined to carry tlic thing through, you had better make a bolt of it. I'll do whatever is the modern equivalent to rid ing postilion to Gretna Green; lend yon my bays to catch the express with at Wolver hampton ; run up to town and give the bride away, or anything you can .fuggest." "You could not give her awav," Carlyon said with his ever cheerful smile, "for the. simple reason that she is not yours to give.' Edith will never come- to me without her. ■' parents' consent. We must wait patiently until they sec the futility of resistance." "They "must be particularly d under-bead ed people not to have seen that long ago," said Cyril. During the session of the Diocesan Synod, o!' which he heen elected a. lay nicin ber, Lord Montacute contrived to.interview the Bishop, and consulted him on his friend's behalf. "I have informed the young lady's mo ther that I can hold out no hope of a Dio cesan living for Mi\ Carlyon for years to come," saia the Bishop. "Then can you not give Mr. Travers a Prebendal Stall or Canonry, or something of that sort?" Cyril asked. "I don't un derstand much about clerical promotion; but it seems to me as a layman that there should he something for an elderly man ,who lias served the Church faithfully for so many years." "But think how many has done the same, often with considerable sacrifice of ease and comfort of life, which lias not been the case Jra.li Mr. Travers," pleaded the Bishop. "If those are the men who do get the good places," rejoined Cyril, "I am very glad to hear it, -but I was under the im pression they were mostly conferred by fa vour. In my limited experience I have known a man to obtain a canonry by rea son of his politics after. proving himself a rank failure as head "master; and have heard of others who have been rewarded with deaneries, and even Bishoprics, for the noble self-sacrifice involved in marr/nig superannuated maids of honour; or for pur suing for years a system of self-advertise ment which would disgrace a quack doctor .of medicine." The Bishop tried to frown at this sarcas tic stricture upon ecclesiastical patronage, but there was a humorous twinkle in the episcopal eye as he replied, "Even if such instances have not been unknown, you would not, I am sure, have me imitate them in this diocese? And people would be quick to accuse me of favouritism were I to promote either of the two clergymen whom you mention over the heads of my large town workers, who sometimes hardly know what an hour's leisure or a breath of country air is like. From what I have heard of your character, my Lord, you would not ask me to do anything un fair?" But if the Bishop could not help him directly he did so indirectly, for he sug gested that Lord Montacute should apply for the vacant living of Blythewood in the gift of his friend Lord Winfrith; which Cyril did, and Carlyon happening to he rather a favourite of her Ladyship, it was ofi'tiod to him on his suggestion; wliile Air. Travel's, whose heart would have broken at the thought of leaving his pretty old parsonage, was left in peace with his Alder XKy cows, and the beautiful flowers which W tended all the week, and placed Sunday by Sunday above the altar of his little Church, and on the grave of his dearly loved wife. This presentation, Blythewood being rather a good living, and in a nic-e part of the country, simnliiied matters for Carlyon, aftd Cyril was delighted at haying been able at last to do this service, lie was grateful in his turn to the Bishop, with a sense of whose fitness for the post, not always a conspicuous characteristic of Bishops, he was much impressed: yet hoped devoutly that his Lordship did not happen to have obtained his elevation to (he episcopal bench by marrying a maid of honour. 