CORRESPONDENCE. ON THE ART OF PUBLIC SPEAKING. (To the Editor.) Sir,-The real art of public speak ing I take to be the ability to induce the, persons we are addressing to take our view of the question under discus sion. And this being so,'all the best and most successful speakers in past history and to-day have regarded, and do regard, it as very helpful, if not essential, to cultivate certain subsidi ary elements, such as regulating the voice, gesture, movemefits of the hands, etc. And it is certainly a very seri ous part of the business of all those who have anything to do with the equipments of young men whose pro fession is likely to lie in the talking line to see that these matters are at tended to. In the church or pulpit especially, where the qluestions dis cussed are always of the' very highest importance, the intellectual leaders should see that the young men who are to be the public teachers should have all the aids and guidance pos sible, so that they may be spared the humiliations .and failures which have so often attended many of our public men in their earlier efforts. One of the most effective speakers in Tasmania to-day is Chief Justice Dodds. Some years have passed since I heard him on the public platform. It was, I think, when he was contest ing one of the Hobart electorates with Mr. A. I. Clark, now one of the pusine judges, and it happened in the Town Hall. Mr. Clark had somewhat de fiantly challenged Mr. Dodds to "draw the badger.". The reply, was neces sarily much of an impromptu, but a more effective piece of political ora tory I don't think I ever heard. It was a sharp polished instrument he wielded, a keen Damascus blade. Every thing conspired to make the onslaught tell. His sentences were calm, quiet, and measured, and they marched along like a regiment of well-trained soldiers. gathering power at every step, until they'came to the charge, and a charge sure enough it was-cruel and irresis tible. I looked sympathetically at Mr. Clark, but, like a true Briton, he bore it well, without flinching. The exhibition was valuable in it self, especially. for young men, inas much as it plainly showed the wonder ful power of a highly-disciplined mind -a mind that could, even when greatly excited, keep all its wits about it, and subordinate art, voice, gesture, and logic to the one purpose it had in view. Our pulpit orators too frequently make a mistake by being boisterous, and also by improper and consequently in effective action; the arms used like pump- handles, and the fingers spread in a weird,ghost-like fashion, as though they were being examined by the Ront gen rays, and the hair made to stand up, or about, as though the man had seen a spirit, and was too frightened to run away. This all shows very sadly the absence of discipline, and the speaker's power and efforts are sure to be sorely discounted by his odd and noticeable antics. The fewer mannerisms a speaker has the better; they only serve to excite the risibility or astonishment of the listeners and divert the attention from what is be ing said.. A wise barrister in his ad dress to the jury, especially in an, im portant case, avoids every word and gesture that would be likely to draw y away the attention of these twelve men in the box from the point at issue. 1 -Yours, etc., CRUX. 