4 Ghost Hunter's Story. In a secluded little Essex village it was that a writer for Cassell's ' Satur day Journal' recently came across an individual who, in additiou to being a market-gardener, was famous locally as a ' ghost-clearer.' His spectre- rout- iug serviCLvs are semuui uuw i ajujitu. Apparitions appear each year less sel dom than formerly to human eyes. But the man in question enjoys a huge repu tation for weird, services rendered in ?the past. ' I've cleared, some of the worst ghosts in the country,' said he convincingly, ' and they used to take a deal more getting rid of than they do now. When I first started, there were scores of places, barns in particular, that were haunted. Bags of grain used, to be cut and thrown about, and doors unlocked so that animals escaped and were 'lost. There was even a haunted windmill that used to grind, away on nights when there wasn't a breath of air stirring and the machinery was out of gear. But for the most part they were knocking and tapping ghosts that I fliad to deal with. How I came to take up this iob was like this. An old farmer had died suddenly. His farm was put up to be let, but for a long time no one took it. Then, when a tenant wag fouud, he quickly cleared out again. A ghost liad entered 'into possession, which at intervals during the night knocked on doors or shutters, three slow aud soft, andithen three quick and loud knocks. The owner offered halfa sovereign to any one who would spend a night, on the premises, and' I agreed to do so. I took with me a lantern and u thick ash stick, 'and when about 11 o'clock the others left me I sat ju.stiu side the open door listening. About ten minutes after miduight there came the knocks, seeming about half way ?across the room. At once I knocked back, and silence followed. -About 3 o'clock they came again. I an swered, and did so once more just as it was getting light. Other people had ?previously heard the noises con tinuously all night loug. But the ghost hadn't gone. He was at it. again next night ; and after watching for four nights and knocking back each time three times. I began to think the ghost meant to stop there. When the idea -oc- curred to me to sit in the dark and see if I could see anything. Punctually at 12 came the raps. 1 waited. They were .immediately repeated, and then I answered. A terrific knocking at once began, so loud as to nearly stun me ; it got fainter and fainter, and died away to nothing, «nd was never heard again. And that I've found is necessary in all ghost-clearing jobs— you must be alone, and in complete darkness. Have I ever seen a ghost ? Can't say that I have. There's two sorts of them, you -know.;, the ghosts that haunt old mansions, which glide about and -can be seen but never create the slightest noise save a faint rustling ; and those .which cannot be seen, and that yet give knocks and ?throw tilings about and do damage. I once wanted to ' lay' one of the first sort; but when I went to the country seat where it walks in a corridor the ?master said that he valued the spectre as much as the lavenue of elm trees or the splendid hall for which the place is also noted, and wouldn't -have it interfered with for worlds. Do I believe in them V Most cer tainly I do ; and so do many others, or I shouldn't have made what I have by clearing them. Yes, some times, of course, they're frauds. There was one ghost that drove away a poultry farmer by a dreadful moaning noise at night. The man took to sleep ing somewhere else ; and whenever the ghost was heard some of the (poultry would next day be missing. I offered to try and clear the place, and was al lowed to make the attempt. A window was left unfastened for me to enter by, and I ihadn't been in many minutes be fore I heard quick footsteps in the empty kitchen, and' then a long whis pering .followed. A smell of 'tobacco smoke reached me. Au hour passed. Then footsteps approached. Feeling sure that I had human beings to deal with, I scrambled silently out of the window again, and crouched in the bushes out side. A second later a dark form ap peared at the window. It raised a Joug cardboard cone to its mouth and pro duced the, by rhat time well-known, weird moaning sound. Immediately I put my hands round my mouth and. as loudly as I could, imitated the wail. There was a sudden yell, answered by another from the kitchen. The ' ghost' leaped into my. arras, where I held him till I had recognised him as a poulterer's assistant from the town. That little business brought me in five pounds.' 