Burns' Anniversary Dinner at Northampton. (PROM A CORRESPONDENT.) Notwithstanding the unimportant opposition to this- celebration I am pleased to announce it as a brilliant success. Between thirty and forty gentlemen sat down to dinner, including; representatives from all parts of the British Isles and most of the colonies. Mr J. M. Thomson occupied the chair, and Mr Laing officiated as vice chairman. The chairman was supported on the right by Mr S. Mitchell, member for the district, and Mr W. Burges, and -on the leftjby Messrs Elliot and Ryan. Before the dinner was served, the Chairman Welcomed the guests, and hoped the} 7 would enjoy themselves. Grace was then said by the Chairman in Scotch style, and again when the famous haggis was presented Mr Thomson gave Burns's address to the haggis, "Great chieftain of the pudding race." An excellent dinner was served by Mrs Mitchell. The various items on •the menu card fairly represented "The Land o' Cakes." Then came the toast- list, the first of which, " The Queen and members of the Royal Family," was loyally responded to. " The Army, Navy, and Reserve Forces," a particularly important toast, was drunk with equal enthusiasm. In proposing the latter, the Chairman said :—The deeds of our noble army -are written in the book of fame. We do not require to turn the leaves of that book to read of gallant deeds, some at Waterloo, the Crimea, or the Mutiny. We have only to look back a few months, which show that the gallant achievements in the history of our empire can be repeated, whether it be storming the heights of Dargai or on the burning sands of the Soudan. •True, we cannot boast of a Scotchman as commander-in-chief, but we have an Irishman, which i^ just as good, and wherever he commands us we shall faithfully obey. To our Navy, the iron wall of Britain's dominions, who are ready, aye ready ! To our Reserve Forces, consisting of intelligence and loyalty, who are at all times in readiness to take up arms in defence of their country." Mr Edgar Mitchell then sang "The Soldiers of the Queen," and was heartily applauded. Another song by Mr J ames More, the oldest Scotchman in the district, who gave Burns's " Highland Mary." Then the principal toast of the evening came, " The immortal memory of Burns," by the Chairman. in proposing the immortal memory of Burns, Mr Thomson said : — Mr Croupier and gentlemen, it will be needless for me at this meeting, although I am not sure, the first of 1 ' its kind held in the Victoria District of Western Australia, for the purpose of celebrating the anniversary of the birth of Scotland's poet, Robbie Burns, to go far into details it is quite unneces- sary. Although, no doubt, a few remarks principally touching upon his works will, I ^am certain, not be out of place. The life of Burns has been written over and over again, scrutinized and criticised by eminent and distinguished writers, both at home and abroad, but not to any appreciable extent has the character and genius of this man been altered. The quaint, soul-stirring poetry of Burns—so dear to his countrymen — and although written in the Scottish dialect, has found its way into the ^libraries of most of our British subjects. Therefore, gentlemen, although we have but few Scotsmen present at this gathering, we know that we have others who take as great an interest in reading the works of our poet as any Scotsmen born. Relating to the birth of Burns, we are told in verse that «' Our monarch's hindmost year but one Was flve-and-twenty years begun, 'Twasthen a blast andJanua" win' Blew handsel in on Robin." That is, he was born on January 25th 1759\. In the midst of winter storms this gifted, but ill-fated genius saw the light of day. Born, we might say, erf poor parentage, he vras the oldest of a family of seven. Those were the days of superstition, and the stories he listened to of ghosts, fairies, warlocks and witches, he tells us had such a strong effect on his imaginations that it had a good deal to do in cultivating the latent seeds of poetry, When young, he took a great interest in reading the history of his country, which seemingly poured a Scottish prejudice into his veins, and undoubtedly he gave vent to his feelings by writing " Scots wha hae," and other poems of a national character. His loyalty to his country cannot be disputed ; for we are told that in the year 1795 he joined the Dumfries volunteers, he was then 36 years of age, and at that time wrote a song in which he says— Does haughty Gaul invasion threat, r lhe» let the loons beware, sir, There's wooden walls upon our sea«, And volunteers on shore, sir/' It is said that the locality where he was brought up was of some advantage to him, this being near the town of Ayr, no doubt one of the prettiest places in Scotland, and they are not few. '' Ayr, where no toon surpasses For honest men and bonnie lasses." And closely associated with his birth place is the Water of Doon, so often mentioned in his works- Who has not—it does not matter what part of Britain's dominions he may belong to —will not agree in saying that the simple words of Burns beginning with Ye banks and braes o c bonnie Doon, How can ye bloom s%e fresh and fair. How can ye chant ye little birds, And I sae woary fu o' care." And so on. Taken togethsr with his lines on the mouse, and the "Cotter's Saturday Night," do not then represent the true feelings of a kiucl-hearted man. We are told that like many others in life, he had many difficulties to contend against, bad times brought him disaster, and oftentimes little sympathy, and to that he attributed the composition of that poem " The Twa Dogs." It has been said that lie was always full of good resolution*, but disasters broke his courage, and I believe to a very great extent was the cause of certain excesses, but even so, one cannot forget that he was no hypocrite. Straightforward he gave his opinions, which oftentimes made him unpopular. In his works he drew his own portrait and wrote his own life. If he drank to excess, or had the spleen, indignant or grateful, kind or unkind, or in revolt, thus he wrote, and the verse is always before the world to testify to it. His love for women is given vent, to in many verses. Among the first were " Like Posirpine gathering flowers," " Herself a fairer flower." The love he lnd for Highland Mary he wrote in verse when he sinm— o 0 Mary ! dear departed shade, Where is dry place of blissful rest.' Seest thou thy love. - lowly laid, Hear'st thou the groans that rend hit, breast And so on. Many more beautiful lines could be quoted. I am only going to add a few more sentences relating particularly to this part of his life' He has been criticised extensively by. the manner in wl\ich he speaks relative to this subject. But who can blame a man for being an adorer of the fair sex I Undoubtedly in his verse he admits overstepping himself in this direction. For this we have no sympathy. But on the face of it he was manly enough to own his faults. Howmany are there in life even in the nineteenth century, who are as great admirers of Nature's noblest work, and perhaps more wicked even than he, but who have not the manly courage within them to acknowledge their faults, but are rather inclined by cant and hypocrisy to judge the faults of others that are not so guilty as themselves. In all his actions through life, he never forgot the spiritual part, and the woids he wrote while in distress are very significant. I shall give them— O thou great Being '. what thou art Surpasses me to know ! Yet sure I am that known to Thee Are all Thy works below. Thy creature here before Thee stands, All wretched and distrest ; Yet sure those ills that wring my soul Obey Thy high behest. But if I must afflicted be To suit some wise design. Then man my soul with firm resolves To bear and not repine. Andrew Lang, his hardest critic, in speaking of the poet and poetry, said that he climbed by a trodden way, pursuing the track of a predecessor. But his genius, like a forest fire, obliterated the traces of other and earlier footsteps (a great compliment indeed). He could not have bettered "Tam O'Shanter," or " The Jolly Beggars," or " Halloween." A man's work after all is what he could do. One fails to see how any change of worldly circumstances could have ! bettered the true works of. Burns. (Loud applause). Another song by Mr Lochhead, and then Mr Burges proposed "The Houses of Parliament." Mr Burges dealt with matters generally, and considered that the system of government we had was too much of a " one-horse" style. He coupled this toast with the name of Mr Mitchell, who, in reply, said more support should be given to Sir John Forrest. In times of prosperity Sir John Forrest was reckoned the onl} r man capable to deal with the government of W.A., and why not now ? The friends then were enemies now, but he was going to stick to Sir John, although at the same time the Premier had done nothing as yet to recompense him. The Chairman then recited " Tam o' Shanter." considered Burns's masterpiece. Other toasts followed :— " The Mining Industry," proposed by Mr Johnson, and replied to by Mr Gibson. " The Pastoral and Agricultural Industry," by Mr Varley, replied to by Messrs Eliot and Hosken. With song and sentiment one of the most enjoyable evenings was spent. A vote of thanks to the Chairman was given, then came " Aukl Lang Syne," and the meeting separated. 