Brief Mention. We he^r that Bega anticipates raising two hundred guineas for the Century Fund. At the Ashfield meeting for tbe Century Fund 362 guineas were sub scribed. The resignation is announced of the Rev. G. H. Barrett, minister of the Grenfell Circuit. Drenching rain interfered with the Century Fund meeting at Berry on Monday, but good work was done. The French Circuit in the Island of Jersey hopes to raise 8000 guineas for the British Wesleyan Century Fund. The Eight Hon. Cecil Rhodes has sent a cheque for one hundred guineas to the Century Fund of the Mother Church. This he has done after seeing the work of Methodism in South Africa. Cardinal Moran has again cast asper sions on the Protestant Mission in Samoa. We have dealt with the matter in our leader. At the Century Fund meeting at Guuning the Revs. R. Bavin and J. E. Carruthers were the deputation. The sum of 70 guineas was promised. A Penrith Minister has retired from the Hospital Committee because his Church is opposed to dancing, and the Institution is organising a Ball. Miss Ivinloch has been presented with a handsome gold bangle in recognition of her efficient services as organist of the Burwood Church in the Newcastle Circuit. The Rev. Rainsford Bavin is in the Wollongong District. Wollongong Church hopes to raise 150 guineas, Bulli 100 guineas, and Helensburg 50 guineas. At an initial meeting of the Mudgee congregation, on behalf of the Century Fund, 250 guineas were promised. The remaining parts of the circuit have yet to be canvassed. A considerable portion of the leader entitled ' Where are we now ? ' pub lished in the Methodist immediately after last Conference, has been re printed in the Methodist Times. Mr. James Callaghan, of Melbourne, one of our honoured and useful laymen, is on a visit to Sydney. He expects to be with us about a month before re turning to the southern capital. During a recent visit to the Rylstone Circuit the Rev. J. Spence was enter tained at tea by the officials of the circuit, choir, and Sunday-school teachers, and afterwards delivered his lecture on Henry Havelock. ' The usiyiil monthly ministers' meeting will be postponed from Monday next until tbe following Monday, 10th inst., when the Rev. Henry Wiles will read a paper on ' The love of Holy Ghost.' Will the ministers kindly note the altera tion. The Rev. W. Hill, who has been doing useful work in connection with the Presbyterian Church, recently re turned from Temora. He has now gone to Narrandera, where he will supply for the sister Church for a month. Will our readers please note that the Rev. C. H. Tatman will begin a united mission in the Town Hall, Sydney, on Sunday afternoon. Mr. Yatman is now well known in Sydney, and we wish him a successful mission. For particulars see our advertisement columns. In Wednesday's issue of the Sydney Morning Herald, and the Daily Telegraph a letter appeared signed by Mr. Pratt, agent for tbe London Missionary Society, and by the Rev. B. Danks, giving a direct denial to the Cardinal's charges. This they were able to do after consultation with the naval authori ties in Sydney. The Rev. Rainsford Bavin wishes us to remind the ministers and circuit committees of the Plan of Central Cir cuit Meetings which was printed in the Methodist week before last. He wishes us also to say that, if he hears nothing to the contrary, he will assume that both deputations and circuits accept the Plan as it stands. The other evening a pleasant gather ing assembled in the Ashfield school hall on the occasion of a surprise party iio honour of Miss Caldwell, and organised by ^he scholars in her S.S. cla-s. After supper Misses Murphy and Badman presented Miss Caldwell on behalf of the scholars, with a writing «ase as a mark of esteem. We get all sorts of newspapers sent to us from time to time, and with all sorts ?of addresses. Some of our exchanges still cnme addressed to the ' Editor of the Weekly Advocate. Probably this is why an American socialistic publication ?was delivered to us last week addressed, ' The Weekly Democrat, Sydney.' We didn't find in it anything worth extract ing. At recent meetings of the councils of .Newington and Burwood Colleges it has ?ben decided to transfer the Rev. C. J. Prescott from the position of principal .:and headmaster of Burwood College to a ?corresponding position at Newington. ' The Burwood College Council consented to Mr. Prescott's transfer, and appointed .-a committee to consider and report as to .?the appointment of his successor. The hotels and boarding houses in 'Reures have actually refused shelter to Madame Dreyfus who had proceded -fchither to meet her much- persecuted .husband. It remained for a brave ?Protestant French woman, Madame ?Godurd, to place her residence at Madame Dreyfus' disposal. For this womanly action, Anti-Dreyfus papers are aspersing Madame Godard. What better proof is needed that Romanism is at the root of this abominable perse cution. The City Mission Herald in its last issue doesn't take very kindly the way in which we ' spoke the truth in love ' in . a recent leader on the action of the ? commmittee in arbitrarily requiring the missionaries to resign all official positions, including that of local preacher, in connection with their re ? spective churches. We ventured to express the belief that the action of the City Mission authorities tended in the ? direction, and gave colour to the sus picion, that another nondescript church may possibly be a development of the . future ; and we think so still. SYDNEY, SATUBDAY. JULY 1. 