Selling Sensations and Purchasing Thein. There is an old gentleman in the New Kent Road who has a particular predilection for witnessing big fires, and will willingly pay any. person who caros to call and apprise him of a great fire in the metropolis at any hour „C ? TT„ „0„nllrr fino shillings for this privilege. He is a man of money and leisure, and bonsts of having witnessed all the big blazes in London during tho past ten years. The 'cute personage who supplies this gentleman with his favourite, nensntion has made this odd occupation his profitable hobby for several years. Ho, has a long list of clients scattered all over tha metropolis, ond he is constantly on the look-, out for sensations of , all sorts, which ho notifies to his customers as promply as possible. Ho told us about two maiden ladies — sisters — who reside at HampBtoad. They are ardent students of spiritual phenomena, and will readily forfeit five shillings and any reasonable expenses for any reliable informa tion as to 'haunted' houses in London or tho suburbs. They will travel miles together and walk, an^azing distances at all kinds of un canny hours, on tho bare chance of discover ing a now sensation in tho 'ghost' line. The elder sister is writing a work on 'genuine ghosts' for a certain learned society ; - hence her anxiety for reliable data on the subject; , Another curious client cherishes a morbid pasBion for mysterious murder cases, and will bestow tips most generously in order to obtain access to a house where a crime has been com mitted. The moro ghastly, tho crime tho moro more intense in his anxiety to inspect the apartment wherein it occurred, t Ho has been known to pay an informant a sovereign for prompt intelligence concerning an apalling crime, and yet another sovereign to a police 4-r. Trianr ft.* ennno nt f.lin tragody. He is an ardent colleqtor ot criminal ' relics,' and has gathered enough- of these gruesome articles to stock a small museum. A retired tradesman, at -Walworth,; is ex ceedingly fond of gazing upon the bodies! of suicides and attending coroners' inquests. He employs a man to keep him informed of all tho suicides' that, occur -in London, and lie , makes it hiB doleful duty to go -and inspect the deceased, usually i representing i himself as, :an intimate acquaintance or friend of the dead person. He attends the inquest, and; there records all tho evidence in a voluminous note book. This done,- his interest in ; the case ceases. ,' , . ? A- wealthy, American lady, residing in the West -of, London, will pay any, reasonable sum to bo promptly- informed of a railway accident which she had a passion for 'witnessing. - She willigo ofl at any ,hour of - tho day or night; and travel, almost any distance to satisfy hor peculiar , craving. , Our informant apprised her of the last sad accident on ,a big 'northern lino; and received a couple of poundB for his pains. The; lady, thonldrove immediately! to Euston, i, went , north by tho next i express, visited tho scene , of . the disaster, , and there tarried for two days bofore returning to her, homo. ? ,i\ . In a smart -dotaohedf svilla, in; Buburban London, lives awealthy patron of sport, whose predilection ;for pugilism is. well -known ito hiB numerous acquaintances. -For -reliable inforr mation. as.' to theVlocality of a prospective prize- fight ho will cheerfully forfeit a £5 note. This sum he gives, to tho first informant, for there are now, ! many who are fa ware of his generosity in this particular. This-enthusiaBtio sport8man-r-,who , is no w seventy, years o& age —boasts, of; havingi , witnessed more than ; a thousand notable prize-fights during hia long career. , ? . - : . One -would surmise that even tho most morbid -minded of ; sensation lovers would draw the lino -at- tho horrors of the post mortem ohambor, but there are at least- two men in London who ai'O'at any time prepared to pay for tho f privilege' of witnessing a post-mortem examination. One of these is a surgeon, whoso once .great, reputation was marred - by t a grave misdemoanour. A big, legacy brought him independence, and this is now his peculiar hobby. 