NATAL REFUGEES' FUND. The St. Peters Town Hall was crowded on Saturday evening, when the comic opera, 'The Belle of Japan,' was repeat ed by a company of amateurs, in sid of the Natal Refugees Fund. The performance was under the patronage of his Excellency the Governor and Lady Tennvson, Sir li. C. Baker (President 'of the Legislative Council), Sir Jenkm Coles (Speaker ot House of As.seraWy). Pir E. T. and Lady Smith, Sir Langdon Bonython. Lady Bray, the Mayor and Mayoress of Adelaide, and the Mayor and Mayoress of St. Peters, anj councillors. HcrrA*. E.Mumine and his or chestra volunteered their services gratuit ously. Those who took part in trie per formance were the Misses Flo Aird, Amy Marshall, Edith Aird, Napier, R. Aird, Hargravc, and Nash, and Messrs. Berhndt. Percy Aird, Archie Napier, H. F. Bick ford,' Taylor Smith, Nash, Hayncs, Willby, and Hargravc. Mr. J. B. Brodcriok deco rated the hall, and the performance reflect ed great credit upon ail concerned. Mem bers of the South Australian contingent were present, and they were accorded a hearty reception upon entering the hall. At the conclusion of the programme the soldiers were provided with refre.-lunents in a marquee, whilst in the hall the officers and performers were also entertained. The Mayor (Mr. G. H. Glover) proposed the toak of 'The Aird family.' who were the principals in arranging the opera, and Colonel Stuart embraced the opportunity of thanking the committee for their kind invitation to be present. It was tlir most enthusiastic gathering the contingent bad patronised. Sir Richard Baker said he wished to thank the Aird' family for the great trouble they had taken in getting ui- the entertainment, and to specially thank Miss Aird, who had borne the greatest part of the work. He congratulated Miss Marshall upon the dramatic talent she had exhibited. ? A concert in aid of a widow and her family was given in the Kechabite Hall, York, on Friday evening last. The pro gramme was excellently carried out, and encores were frequent. A double song and dance, and an acrobatic xong and dance were given by -iessn-. Terl O'Grady and Jack Burch, and the Lloyd Sisters, who appeared in serio - comic numbers, were well received. Messrs. Alf. Messen ger and Bert. Oaten kept the house in roars of laughter with comic impersona tions, while Mr. Alf. Ashby gave two ex cellent clog dances. Mr. K. .). Oaten and Miss Arriolla contributed songs, and were well received. The entertainment con cluded with the laughable sketch, 'The Kilkenny Ghost,' the characters being taken by Messrs. Bert. Oaten. Alf. Mes senger, and L. Humphris. Much of the success of the concert was due to the hard working secretary, Mr. Harry Worley. 