DISTRICT NEWS. [From our Own Correspondents.] Argoon. November 1. The weather has been keeping very dry, some days being quite cold and some like summer. As a consequence of the change- able weather nearly everyone is suffering with a severe cold. All have given up hopes of a wheat har- vest. Many had saved the best of their crops for wheat, but the grasshoppers have been busy destroying them. They are here in millions, eating any green vegetation that is left, and have completely destroyed the gardens. Surely there is always some pest to torment the heart of man. The concert and social held in the Fairlie Grange woolshed on the 20th in aid of the Church of England Stipend Fund proved a great success. Although the weather on that day was very windy and rain threatened, preventing any from coming long distances, the energetic secretaries (Messrs. Smithwick and Anderson) and the hardworking com mittee (Messrs. Pearse Bros., Milthorpe and Irvine) were rewarded by seeing a good attendance; the proceeds amounted to £8 10s 6d, which, considering the sparsely popu- lated district, was very satisfactory. Mes- dames Pearse and Milthorpe provided the good things, and Mrs. C. W. Milthorpe and the Misses Pearse attended to the wants of every one most untiringly, tea being at 7 p.m., supper at midnight, and breakfast at 5 a.m. Thanks are due to Mrs. Pearse for lending her piano, to her sons for carting it so far, and to Miss Pearse for playing all the accompaniments during the concert. The programme was as follows : — Part I. — Song, "The last Farewell,' Miss Pearse; song, ' The Warrior Bold,' Mr. Giles; song, If the waters could speak as they flow,' Miss Mary Pearse ; nigger inquisities, ' Happy Jack,'.' Mr. Buxton; recitation, 'Pardon, the son of Repreive,' Mr. Milthorpe; song, "The Holy City,' Rev. Mr. Clark; The Magic Fan, Mr. Buxton. Part II.— Conjur- ing tricks, Mr. Buxton; 'The Song that reached my Heart,' Miss Pearse; song, 'The Apolegy,' Rev. Mr. Clark; comic recitations, Mr. Giles; song, 'The Angel's Whisper,' Mrs. Clark; song, ' Terry, my blue-eyed Irish Boy,' Miss Mary Pearse. The enter tainment concluded with a laughable farce entitled ' The Haunted House,' the parts being taken by Messrs. Buxton (hotelkeeper), Bowles (nigger), and Irvine (ghost). The chairman, Mr. Milthorpe, introduced the Rev. Mr. Clark, who in a neat speech thanked the audience for their attendance, Mr. D. M'Bean for the use of the shed, and all those who took part in the concert and helped to make it a success. The room was then cleared for the dancing, which was kept up with great spirit till daylight. As I am not an expert at describing ladies dresses I will not attempt it; all were very nicely and becomingly attired. About 5 a.m. all began to wend their way homewards, fully satisfied with their night's enjoyment. 