Insolvency Examinations at Kalgoorlie. A continuation of the examination of insolvents, begun on the previous day, was undertaken before Mr F. Hare, R.M., in the Kalgoorlie Courthouse on Thursday. The case first dealt with was that of Charles A. Stewart, sharebroker, of the firm of Stewart. and Co. Messrs T$. Keenan (Keenan and Randell), O. Morris, (Jones and Norris) and Mr Wilkinson appeared on behalf ot creditors.. On the previous day the insolvent had de posed, in answer to questions as to the accuracy of the statement, which showed on the side of liabilities insecured creditors £6754 19a 8d, and on the side of assets, among other things, cash in the bank £324 12s Id, lease Hannans Buildings £200, land £190, and doubtful book debts £191 15s lid. - The de ficiency vas set down at £5914. The insolvency was attributed to the fluctua tions of the raining market, losee? through an incapable agent and pressure of creditors. In answer to questions, the insolvent stated that he had been in Kalgoorlie lor two years. Eighteen months ago he took in a partner, Top ham. Did not know how often they reyiewed the accounts to see how the business stood. Did not think a de ficiency of £5000 in a year was extra ordinary. . They were doing good busi ness during the last six months. Found himself m difficulties in July. The only shares he held represented £12 10s. To Mr Keenao : When clients instructed them they usually dealt with Messr - Clark and Robinson for the shares. Sometimes when they got an 'order the} thought it good enough to bear the stock. They did not tell clients when they risked speculations, and did not buy a3 per the order. They acted as principals. He thought of going to England, -and left on July 28, bat was arrested on the 30th. He was going to take a property to float in England, also- he was going i-; try to raise capital to carry on the business. Never went into the business figures. Roughly estimated the profits at £4000 for the year. He did not get a clear account of his position on the eve of his departure. In reply to further questions on Thursday the insolvent said he could not say himself from the books what shares were held in respect of clients and what had, been .bought from other brokers'. Mr Tophain, his partner, knew all about the books. 'To Mr Moss : Certain entries had had to be made to keep the books straight. By 'speck- ing' shows he meant selling to a client without buying for him Some of the clients might have been under the impression that the firm bought the ordered shares when the order was given, and thus acted a* agents, b.ut. the. firm had only professed to act as principals. What he had of private assets he had handed over to the Official' Receiver. To Mr Norris : Knew on July 31 that they were bankrupt. Charles H. Topham, partner of C. A. Stewart, deposed, in answer to Mr Mcs«, that the statement filed containpd tlu correct amounts of assets and liabilities. Originally the firm did a land agency ?business, but developed into share deal ing. Witness kept the books for a short time, till they got beyond him, and they then appointed an accountant, who initiated a systeriT o bookkeeping different to that started by witness. Kever ascertained the precise position of the firm. Opened a trust account after Mr Stewart had gone away on the advice of his solicitors. Latterly they had operated on this account. Did not know that they were in insuperable difficulties. One day's fluctuations in the share market might have made a great difference. That they were nearly £6000 in arrears was shown very suddenly. This was dis covered by Mr Moffit, who temporarily acted as accountant. When Htewart first proposed to go to England witness was very much against it. Then Stewart said he had some relatives on the Lon don Stock Exchange and conld raise £5000. It was proposed to start a branch at Boulder City. Received the sum of £330 from Mr Jones on a j count of the purchase of pome shares. This was drawn on to pay different, creditors as they made requests from time to time. The money was not drawn on Mr Jones' account. The same was the case regarding £123 paid by 'Mr Evans, which was put into the general account. It was very bard to say whether this money was used for the purposes for which it was paid. Paid out money received from different people as was required. The books had never been audited, nor had a balance-sheet been prepared. It did seem, unreasonable to have a deficiency of ,£6000 in. a short time: Could riot account . for it except as being the re sult, of over speculation. They did^ not know it until just before they sus pended payment. : He had no private assets except a little furniture. Did not know that the ..position of agents was specially alluded to in interviews with clients. An adjournment, was made at this stage till 2.15 p.m. ' . : . After the luncheon adjournment the witness Topham was further questioned by Mr Keenan, and said he could not tell at a glance from the books, what shares were 'specked' by the firm, but were never actually bought on behalf of clients, though he thought it was set out in the books. There would be no difference in the entries. If a trans action actually took place it would be shown in the record of orders to the agents. The accountant would be able to point that out. It was almost a fort night or three weeks before Mr Stewart went that witness wrote to England. Objected at firs,t to his going, because, it would --leave too much work for wit ness. Did not remember any client coming in a day or two before Mr , Stewart left and being unable to' obtain ! a settlement. On the 2Sth of July, when Stewart left Mr Jones, a client came in, and was in Stewart's company for a while. Understood that Jones knew all about Stewart's going. Did not tell Jones a day or so later that Stewart had 'done a flit.' Thought Stewart did an indiscreet thing in, go ing, as it caused a run on the firm. There was not, to witness' knowledge, any buying tickets issued after Stewart went. Business went on as usual, but 'there were sale tickets issued. The re cords in the book produced of trans actions on Tulv 20 were made to keeu the books right. Witness brought no capital into the firm. Did not make enquiries when lie found what, the ex act position of the business was. Stewart got some money shortly after wards. No money was ever put into the firm by witness. Whenever money was wanted Stewart took some money out of his private account. Fromt the cash-book it was to be seen that sundry sums had been paid in from rents, etc. There were contra entries to this ac count, which Stewart had called the agents account. Witness did not draw more than 30s per- week for himself, and later on up ' to £$. At the start when they were land agents they made one or two fair commissions, he thought. From the start they sold shares short. The d iffcrencos were put into the commission account. If Stewart said that the words commis sion account, being attached to a re corded share transaction, that it meant 'shorts' or a speculative transaction for them, witness could riot contradict it. At the start Stewart had some land at Cue and a little money too/ Had had a little knowledge of share dealing be fore joining'the partnership. Knew that a jobber was a man .wiio sold shares to a client and that a share broker was one who bought for a client. ' As 'far as any outside person could assume the firm were genuine sharebrokers. It was the custom on the fields not- to be strictly strict to genuine sharebroking. The general thing was- to I'bear' clients. .Could any local sharebrokers be named who did not do so? If the insj ket went against them at any ,timo ihcy did not doubt that they ™-ould b*i able to meet their liabilities. .He- never \ -.ought of the matter only in a casual vay, -and ne.'er dreamt that i.'iey were c--T-) thing but solvent. They telt as sured of this ; simply by glancing ncr the accounts'. The sudden discovery of the insolvency in July came as a great surprise to witness. They were making; during, the last six months at the rate of /^ooo'per year in differences alone. They lost a few ' thousand pounds in North-. Kalgurlis themselves. They did ? not * ask- - their accountant to make out ' financial statements. If they liked they could have it. ? Did not .think there was any necessity for it. Asked Stewart what his business was in. England. Did not ?know where the. leases were that were to be floated*. ? Stewart's chief business was '; to*. get ^5000.. out of the flota tions were supplementary matters. Did not know that any option was ever made one in favor of Stewart. Did not think many people came into the office on Fridayafternoon directly after Stewart had left. ? .Everybody had been paid up to the time of Stewart's depar ture. Could not remember having put off people who came-in on Friday and Saturday. Mr. Jones came in on Saturday, but witness did not remember what Jones said. Unless the market fell and they made money on 'bear' shares, clients were paid out of the gene ral account. Other clients' money went into that account; Did not know how they were to get out of- the tangle on July 28. Mf a client paid 25 per cent cover on the Wednesday, before Mr. Stewart left; and the market went up, the shares having' been specked, he could not say that the client could have got his- money back. There was, a ghost of a, chance,.-- j He- did not know what funds of their * own they had to pay clients. Did not remember. telling clients on the Saturday night,' after Stewart, left, that he would, riot answer questions but referred them to his so-' licitors. ; The accountant was, not able to work on the day Stewart .left.' On {he last day witness: got Mr. 'Moffat tc help' with the books. After . .Stewart went away no scrip, he believed, came across to them 'for delivery '.to their, clients.- : ..Would .not swear that any orders were .sent' to their agents, for scrip from ?-.. the; Monday to the Friday of the week ?' on' which Stewart left.- ?; Thought .there' was some. Could no't. give the.riairie of any client to whom the fact .was. dis closed that, the firm was simply specking the sharesj and riot buy.in?:,, -when.,;, ah order was given. . Mr- H- }.jnes t.fid. made more money. thria.cfA. t'^c ..firm than^ he had lost. The books '.-? did not show this though, blithe was sure ; : The ...hearing] ^was then adjerurjied- to In re . William Nicholas,, formerly restaurant keeper in Kalgoorlie. The statement he had filed showed the actual condition of affairs . at the time it .was. made. The business was not successful and; he was obliged to close the restau rant after six months. He then 'started at the. Bnuider with ,TvTr T£. Evans as auc tioneer, etc. Witness was in the busi ness about 12 or 13 weeks. W'as pressed by creditors soon after going into busi ness, and' after consultation with his partner he sought the protection of the Court. He had hoped to in three months pay all his creditors 20s in the £1. He wanted to accumulate a little money for. this purpose. The informa tion as to the partnership was withheld in the first place. At the time the state ment was made they had only started in business. It was only a fortnight ago when Eaves took in another partner m his place, that witness disclosed the part nership. He had been strongly ad vised by Eaves to declare himself a ser: vant of the latter. Never worked on wages for Mr Eaves. Their partner ship agreement had been verbal. As agent, a quantity of tea was sent to him by a firm. This was ta'ken by Eaves for a, debt , of ^20. v An adournment was then -made till the 23rd inst. at Perth. 