HERE AND THERE. Queensland beat England at football. Mr. Reid says he has a surplus of £116,000 on the ycar'a transactions. Apropos the favorable report from Lon don of the prospects of Australian butter, the second instalment of an interview with the Government dairying expert in this issue will be read with interest. 'We've been sold like cattle by oui lea ders,' saidva well- known public man to a 'Sunday Times' representative when.' speaking on the result of the referendum. News has been received at San Francisco (reports a London daily), that H.M.S. Torch, on her way from Sydney to Samoa, destroyed a fleet of pirate sloops. The crews escaped ! San Francisco is just about the place where such news would ba received. Owing to the low state of the tide tha P. and O. Co.'s R.M.3. Oceana did not leave the Circular Quay until 6 p.m. yesterday for Marseilles and London, via ports. At the International Congress on Tuber culosis at Berlin on May 25, the President read a message from the German Emperor, who said: 'May the united laborsof medical science, philanthropy, and love of one's neighbor be successful in putting a check upen the ravaging national disease, and in nutigating the baneful eliecl& to which tha Gorman people, both as ' a whole and aa regards individual families and their mem bers, are exposed through tuberculosis.' Eighty now motor-cars were put on the London streets on May 24 by the Electric Cab Co., Limited. I't is said that the ULxa meter cabs, which automatically register the fares, are proving a success in Ens land. Cannot Give it Up. . A. serio-comic commentary on -the Inter national Peace Conferenco is tho fact that Russia is as busy as ever strengthening her army and navy, though many of her people are starving, While the representa tive of Belgium 'has been summoned home from the Hague owing to the d'angerof a re volution in Brussels. France, too, ia on the verge of 'another uprising. They Don't Mind Talking Now. 'It would be very peculiar if the seat ot Government were not where the Federal Parliament sat— Melbourne.'— Sir George Turner. 'The seat of Government and the Execu tive must be in Melbourne for some years. Was It likely that after the comforts of Melbourne for three or four years they would want to so to the backblocks ?'— — Mr. Hancock, M.P., Victoria. : The Uitlanders, The Just Blllites, And the Uritish Government. A strong point that could be made wit!» tho British Government in an appeal by people of New South Wales against sanc tion being given to the Federal Enabling Bill is this: They are prepared to go to war and expend millions and sacrifice thou sands of lives in order that a comparative ? handful of Uitlanders may get their consti tutional rights. Are not the rights of half a million of people in New South JSales worthy of as much, if not more, considera tion ? Salvation Exhibition. The Salvation Army is going to hold aa exhibition in London. They can show black and white sheep, and scoured and greasj; Christians. Do You Angle? The rod appears to be slowly but surely ousting the hand-line amongst our vota ries of fishing, and in this respect we are still 50 years behind the times. Each week; in 'the 'Referee' disciples of Isaak Walton' are liberally catered for. Likely spots are indicated, necessary bait and outfit out lined, and gossipy notes given. Melbourne Tram Shares and the Capital. bourne Tram shares have started to boom. On Wednesday, the day after the poll, they were quoted at, sales 13/9. On Thursday last the 'Arcus' reported 'Melbourne Tramway shares wore an exception to tha general dulness, changing hands' to good extent at 14/45 to 14/7A. The Parnell Ghosts Play Billiards. As you arc always glad to hear about haunted houses in Ireland (writes a corres pondent of 'M.A.P.'), may I add a curious story with regard to the home of the lato Irish leader ? Tho story is made the more credible by the fact that there was some thing in the late Charles Stuart Parnell's majestic isolation which reminded ona strangely of the gloomy grandeur of tha mountains surrounding his home. In the cquare entrance-hall there is a billiard table, and the story is that the ghosts ot the old house amuse then.'selves in thl3 spot after nightfall. No matter how the billiard-balls are left upon the cloth at the time the household retires, they will be found in a different position the next morning. The Candle Duty. Imported candles, which for 'the past two years have bean subject to the reduced duty of Jd per lb, will in future be free of duty— that is, until the Federal tariff puts on. a bigger one. Many are the stars and crosses whlcfc gleam on Lord Charles Beresford's breast, remarks a London exchange. Besides those belonging to his own country, there shine ?the medal of the Turkish Order of the Medjidieh and the Greek Order of tha Saviour. Two medals for brave acts not done in battle are among his most cherish ed possessions— 'the gold medal of the Royal Humane Society and the medal of tho Liverpool Shipwreck and Humano Society— which ihe gained for having on not iesa ?than three occasions jumped, overboard at sea to rescue dxowniiis pecgon*^ ''' ~ 