IBfiftliTIS OTEL. fgy LAWEENGE Lu XYNCH, author «f * -Shadowed by ^ree,'* 'No Proof;' etc.3 CHAPTER XXJI-^-SUSPENSE. ' ; during tfce nest few, days Sheriff Cook* is rery l-usy with Certain litigations of import- ! tance. whicli ,. require jiis almost constant; service, and v^henJie finds (leisure, at the end of tlie fourth day, £o look about him. a^d learn the gossip ofifte town; he finds it busy with the name or Lioyd Huton. jjow it begjah it .is -hard to guess, and how ] gjuazingly a .six-day?s' growth of gossip can gpreadr°nly the dweller of the village, the country community, and the little suburb of « large city, may know. , I It had gone the length and breadth of Xiee, Ind was on Us travels up and down the lake fcliore, when Sherifr Cook first sighted it and 60uf?lit to run it down. 'Ain't beard on it?' queries Jim Walker wbose mission in life seems to be to assist at } i saioon seances 'and street-dooor confabs, and , toSnbsist,as best' he' can, without much ef- j fort. 'Wa\\!I douknowi it's strange! Ye see, I ra're bin to court purtiy stiddy, 'n then yu sort of holt folks dff - ?bout talken with y u I 'bout your line o'-^rork, anyhow.' And here jim winks ^nd-looks'-knowing and confiden Ljal. and makes the sheriff long to kick him. ? ? ' ? ?Can't tell how I hearn of it, first. But flay 'fore yestiddy Tom Cole tole me 't that [ Brooks boy, what?s all's poking around and ; snoopin'. found ap'ceev paper onto the side walk, lite 's'it 'fd ben tore ot 6v a love let ter; 'a it claimed tu be from somebody 't was cleariu' out ter git out uv trouble on 'count nv bavin' seen young Hilton shoot that Chet- ' Wvnde feller up 't -ther Heights. Oh, thar's I jots o' fool- talk goin? -m; sher-uff!'? And this the sheriff soon discovered. When he iad spent two days* sifting, ques tioning, listening- to -'old women's tales' here and there, he had made no perceptible pro gress. He had-obtftinedvtbe scrap of paper, a dirty pencilled scrawl, written with evi ! &nt; attempt at disguise,' I it appeared iike a half-sheet, the last page I of a letter, written In pencil, and sadly blur red, and it ran thus: '-count of seeing the'Hilton fellow shoot at Clietwynde up at the Heights, close by the I ravine. If the sheriff had any eyes he'd see I quick enough how he got across the broken I taidge; what I'd Eke to know just for curio I sity is— how did the old wreck fall down just I in the nick of time. I -Can't say .when I'll come back; not till I tot thing blows over, for I don't care about being a witaiess. Take care o' my interests, old feller. . Yours on the jump,— T.' What the sheriffJthought of this record, it would have been heard to tell by his looks or words. What he did was to read it' over | once and 'again, examine it under a strong j lens, nod two or three times, /md then lock j jt caref ully away in ittae drawer which con tained the other.'documents in the case.' The breath of the mouth is an elusive thing, and even a keen sheriff or acute de tective may not overtake it. Had that m mor taken concrete, form, Sheriff Cook would certainly have overtaken it, spurred ob by his anger and his zeaL But he could not stop this rumor, nor run it to its source. Mrs. Kane, chronic gossip, and wholly un reliable, told a story about a shabby boy who had with him a muddy bicycle, and who re I giiled a knot of other boys, 'jest afore her I kitchiu winder,' -with a long tale abot Hil I ton's animosity to Chetwynde, their meeting I in the woods, their -quarrel about something I unknown, and the final shot resulting from lit. ? -r ? ?? ? I This tale, coming from any other source, I would have set the. sheriff, on a hunt for a I boy, who 'Rid away on his rickety ole wheel, ? jes like, Jhe^ jwjnd!' ??, Hint, no one ^consider I ed Jirc 'Kane's* tales, and he '?' let it pass, I though the description of the boy gave him a I moment's thought. . I But on the sixth day after his night at 'the I villa, Mr. Cook himself receives a letter dropped in the Lakeside post office. It is brief and to the point. 'If you want to arrest the person who shot Felix Chetwynde, arrest Loyd Hilton. He will confess if .arrested.' There is no signature, and when the sheriff has read it he indulges in violent use of the language which stands, -with him, for pro* fanity. ;;.-;--?. ? '?It looks, to a man up a. tree,' he solilo | guises, 'as if somebody was trying to force ! my hand. They want me to arrest Hilton, to get him into trouble. Or else'— here he strikes his big hand upon his knee with sud den emphasis — 'or else somebody's afraid i I'll happen to look another way at the [ wrong time. Now- who—' | He starts again, closes his lips, opens them to emit a long shVill ?whistle, and goes, after just another moment's though, to his desk, where he writes a short note to Hope Chet wynde, sending it by a swift messenger. | In response to this note, and scarcely an i hour after it is dispatched, Hope and her j j aunt arrive, at the office, and are closeted for j another hour with the sheriff. [ When thfe ^midnight express steams out [ from Lee, etfrrotlte-f or the east, Sheriff Cook, | in a very modest .and retiring manner, en I ters the smoking car on the side farthest i from the station platform, and when morn- i I ing dawns he is far from I/ee. I When Hope and her aunt bid Sheritff Cook I adieu for an indefinite length of time, it is ; I 'with very sober, very startled faces in which, ! j in spite of the' seriousness and the wonder, ? i there is a certain blending of something like j hope, like hesitating but growing relief. j This the sheriff sees. What does he not j see? And he holds the little spinster's : gloved hand, as if forgetfully, for a long mo I inent, while fie. says; . ???. j 'Now, remember ladies, as yet this is only | a pretty and well^fitfcng theory, with of | course some proof, but nothing conclusive as ; yet. I know 'how long the' time will seem 1 to you, but if t do not come back by the first | of the week you will know that'the east has [sent me to- the ire&K; ,aiid,$hat will mean, Or | may mean, that we are upon the right track [ at last My advice to, you both is, see as few | people as possible, refuse to-be interviewed i or questioned? I think I, would rather not witeyou— ' ... ''Don't!' says Aunt Gass'with an assump* [ tion of severity, and withdrawing her hand i as if she had forgotten where it lay.' There's I an old maid in the post office.' ? | 'An inquisitive old maid,' corrects Sheriff,? Cook coolly. ' 'I had .her in my mind. And: a country post offiee^ryour affairs, ladies, are or deep interest to this community. I think I I have no more to say. - TI am leaving to you i the hardest task. Patience, and waiting.' 'One thing—'. Hope hesitates, and her ,me '** r°sy» while her eyes are full of pain. The— the— Hiltons— how-^' - 'I had thought at Sist that I would see young Hilton. I_ had hoped, he might ap proach me, but I; think we would- better let matters rest as they are. O&e; gossip can be no ] yorse. And .after all^a-iheeting now would ' t* diffleult-4-awjcward, Vin1 feet,' now. Your 1 wmrse has -bteen' b. wlee one;/jnrhy change it? j Courtesy towards. 'tiie iadtes, . avoidance of him for the present That,. I think, is wisest' .?? :;..:; :;v;.::.. ;,.-; . , . . ., 'Pardon m& Itis best to understand each other,' it is ^Cla^g-rlio^6akB firmly, but ['With her most, eeurteous mxerit ; 'I have P^n, or triiea *o*ej jflieSsaipeHiend to mns. fflltoa and i tor .. Jj,orna Hilton as . before this wretchedness. - I have been to see them, laud shall go again. ? It is a promise, m fact. ^8 for Loydlaaton, I pity ih& fellow; and we I seldom meet ;'?''? You isureJy.do.not desire me. j to desert jQitise^twovQinai; They have not | a Ionian ^iend .jaeiii'fef v than the dty.' 'I desire Nothing which is distasteful to you, Miss $h0&p;)!fe..i ?': *nd I haye efecy. confidence in your discretion. ^Goodbye, once more, ladies.'' ; 'He has' confidence |ii t™?1 discretion,'* muses Aunt Cass, as they ride home side by side, and silently for the most part' 'He ae tuaily-ihought I questioned his b^Uef in jny ability to keep a secret ', M wonder what he would say if I told him of the ghost? And I suppose he ought to know it Still, it's not my ghost, and Mrs. Hilton has asked me to keep it to myself. I'll tell him my own dis coveries, every one of them, but not the affairs of my friends. ' As for Hope, it's just as well, I fancy, that she took the ghost story so .lightly, and that I did not force her at tention, nor. indulge in details. Because—' But here Aunt Cass turns suddenly toward her niece. 'Were you very much surprised, Hope?' Her voice is gentleness itself, and the sud den question is prompted by the. long half sob, half sigh that breaks from the girl's long silent lips. ? Hope shakes her head and turns to meet her aunt's eyes. 'No, Auntie. I have been haunted by the shadow of the thing always, I think, in a vague way. And of late I have .been haunt ed by it. The thought and the.Ttfish— I can't talk about it yet Auntie.' 'And I won't', declares Aunt Cass, kind iy patting the band upon the reins. For some moments they drive on in sil ence, then Hope, woman-like, speaks again. 'I am wondering what he could have meant when he said that there was some- thing else— a quite important discovery, which he must not mention .until his return.' 'You mean Mr. Cook?' 'Of course.' ' 'I can't imagine.' : But Hope says no more; only her thoughts run on and on until she finds herself saying over and over to her inner self, 'What if he has found the person who wrote that note— who 6a w Loyd shoot him!' And her cheek grows paler, and she reaches home heavy hearted, more than ever anxious, and carry ing now, for how long she knows not & weighty burden of suspense. (To be continued.) 