W.A. CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR. FIFTH CONVENTION, The meetings in connection with the fifth annual convention of the Western Australian Christian Endeavour Union were continued yesterday. A prayer meeting was held in Wesley Church parlour at 7 o'clock in the morning, when an address was given by the Rev. F. H. Radford. At midday a praise and thanksgiving meeting took place in Trinity Hall, followed by an address from the Rev. D. Ross, MA. At half-past 4 in the afternoon a devotional conference was held in Trinity Church, presided over by the Rev. H. G. Hodge, who delivered an address on "The Ministry of the Holy Ghost " An address was also delivered by the Rev. E. Davies, who took "Soul-winning" for his subject. Two hours later the delegates assembled for tea in Trinity Hall, the meeting having the Rev. G. E. Rowe for its chairman. A hearty welcome to the convention was tendered by the Perth and Fremantle friends to the goldfields and country delegates. ANNUAL MEETING, The annual meeting in connection with the fifth annual convention of the Western Australian Christian Endeavour Union was held last evening at Wesley Church. The church walls were festooned with the banners and mottoes of the various societies, which were crowned with a design bearing the inscription, " For Christ and the Church and the effect was striking. There was a large gathering of members of the various societies and the public the body of the church being comfortably filled. The Rev. J. A. Jeffreys presided, and there were with him on the platform the Rev. H. C. Hodge, of York, and F. H. Radford, of Katanning. Mr. Jeffreys apologised for the absence of the Rev. Mr. Barclay, president of the union, and the Rev. A. W. Bray. The secretary read his report on the work of the Union for the past year. Much discouragement had been felt by societies through leakage of members caused by the sudden departures of valued workers, and country societies, whose pioneer efforts depended on the few were most injured by this. In most cases, however, the gain in members covered the losses, but the grand total increase for the year ending August was small. The young people's societies in the union numbered 33, and all young people's societies known to exist in the colony numbered 38\. Nine societies had joined the union since last convention, but included in these figures there were two or three societies practically defunct mainly owing to migration. The total junior societies were 12, with a total membership of 105 active members and 88 trial members. The total number of senior endeavourers in all societies was 600, the total number of associate members 132 and honorary members 68 ; grand total, 800. Four hundred and fifty of these members were church members and at least 200 were Sunday-school teachers. A The report of the tenth legion was read by Mr. Barnes, showing that at the last convention the legion roll contained 23 names, one of whom, the lamented Miss Annie Ranford, of Katanning, secretary of the society there, had died. There were now on the roll 45 members, being an increase of 17 for the year. Of the members enrolled 35 were Baptist, five Wesleyans, four Presbyterians, one congregational; total 45. Mrs. A. S. Wilson, superintendent of the Comrades of the Quiet Hour, presented her report, which the secretary read. The total number of members on the roll was 72. The treasurer (Mr. G. J. Stout) submitted the annual balance-sheet, showing the receipts, including £11 4s. 5d. carried forward from last convention, to have been £72 5s. 9d. and the expenditure 574 18s. 2d., leaving a credit balance of 7s. 7d. Mr. S. A. Bennett, secretary of the Eastern Goldfields District Union, gave a resume of their work. There were, he stated, I six societies in the Union, and quarterly rallies were held in the different centres of the goldfields, comprising Kanowna, Coolgardie, Kalgoorlie, Bonnie Vale, and Boulder. The Union embraced 102 members, and the largest number of members for one society was Queen's Church, Boulder, which had 30 members altogether. Good work was being done in connection with the drink traffic, Sunday labour on mines, Sabbath desecration, and the social evil evil. The election of officers for the ensuing year resulted as follows :-President, Rev. W. T. Kench ; vice-presidents, Revs. J. A. Jeffreys and E. Davies; general secretary, Mr. J. Barnes ; assistant secretary, Mr. S. J. Barker ; treasurer, Mr. G. J. Stout j auditor, Mr. C. H. Cargeeg. The meeting closed with devotional exercises 