WITH THE HEW SOUTH WALES CONTINGENT. AUSTRALIA TO CAPETOWN. i BY F. WILKINSON, SPECIAL WAR REPORTER OF "THE AGE." CAPETOWN, oth December, Capetown at Inst— 21 days out from Al bany— with men and horses all as sound and game us pebbles. We look' back upon these days with strong feelings of satisfaction- satisfaction at the way iii which fates and the ship authorities have' dealt with us, satisfaction at the way in which our 'horses have been nursed and,coddled through their long, dreary hours of mummydom, with never a ghost of a chance of lying down, but satisfaction principally from the fact that our troubles bj- sea are over - and done with for a time. We have not fared badly by any means at any stage of the voyage; but I believe that nine out of every ten in this contingent would- prefer hardships ashore to luxury on board tlie best of pas senger steamers. Nothing of any considerable note has hap pened to break the even tenor of our watery way, although it looked rather as though wo were going to strike an incident once or twice. We 'badyfi'bublbrovcr the vacci nation business, owing to' bad lymph, or something of that sort, and' several men were rather too near', deathls door to be al together pleasant; but they survived. Se veral of tlie horses were- within an ace of having their brains blown out, or their throats cut, once or twice;, but they were carefully nursed back to the best of health and strength, nnd this in spite of the fact that we had no veterinary surgeon aboard. Barring these few things, that might have happened, bur progress has been uneventful, and a shade slow. For the most part, we have been strewing our wake with., lead bul lets and little floating -.targets, which have been shot at and more or less damaged. We tried at first to tow a target astern; but the rope got shot away too quickly. Then we commenced throwing them over board, and firing at them until they grew too small to distinguish in the distance. We are a sort of cross between a troop ship and a passenger steamer. A "freight transport," I think, is the technical terni. It is one distinct advantage from tlie troops' point of view, but not from passengers'. The latter get no real use of the quarter-deck for exercise except between parades. Those who are not rudely awakened in early dawn by swubbing down of decks are robbed oE their beauty sleep by the tramp, tramp, tramp of bare feet marking time, or doubling just over their cabins. Just as you get used to this rythmic motion Maxim gun wheeled out, and whirr of its bullets belched forth at the rate of about 4.00 per minute decides any further question as to whether you will "take another doze." After break fast tho bugle sounds the "fall in" again, and quarter-deck swarms with squads of men going dreary round of manual and fir ing exercise. When not at this sort of game they are bringing up kits for inspection, and littering ship with socks, shirts, blacking brushes, and more to same effect. During the early part of the voyage their kits were perfect curiosity shops. I don't know whether the men thought they would be al lowed to take concertinas and photograph albums and looking- glasses to the front, but they brought them aboard on the off chance Ihc ruthless hand of discipline deprived them of these treasures; they will be. left behind at the base of operations "until called for." The troops have rapidly improved on their original form, and with a few weeks along side Imperial troops they should give a good account of themselves. No body of men could he found more willing to learn how to do the right thing in a right way. When ctiey make mistakes it is through shyness or pure ignorance of what is required of them; and, by the way, there arc many points not yqt dreamt of in their military philosophy. I noticed the other day several men in the ranks of tho infantry unit did not appear to know the first thing about their magazine rifles. On inquiry it turned out that they were drawn from volunteer regiments not yet armed with magazine rifles. This is the sort of tiling wo have to contend against in mixed detachments. Again, we must hot forget that the whole of the men have been move or less off color during a large part of the voyage owing to vaccination. This operation was put off until we finally left Albany. Other things intervened, principally the fact that tlie contingent was seasick. In view of what happened later it is interesting to note thnt a portion of the lymph came from Sydney and a portion from Melbourne. No blame seems lo attach to anyone in particular, and one does not wish to cast the slightest reflection on the bona (ides of all parties concerned. Anyhow, one batch of lymph failed to act, even to the extent of 1 per cent. Dr. Edwards took about 100 per day, including officers and other passen gers, who are going to land in South Africa. At the week's end all ineffectual cases had to be made good, and then for some reason or other the lympli used caused abnormal inflammation and other more or less serious complications. Extra hospital accommo dation was quickly provided to meet this uulooked for emergency, and although some temperatures ran as high as 104 and over, the men's good constitutions turned the scale, arid they were quickly nursed back to health and strength. The worst part of the whole business was that some men were operated upon too late in the voyage to allow sufficient timo for recovery from the consequent indisposition. Dr. Lieutenant Edwards has furnished statistical report to Government on the whole mutter, which may clear things up a bit. The men look uncommonly smart and soldierlike, in field service order. There is nothing flash or gaudy about their uniform. The Infantry wear the familiar drab, with out ai%' distinctive facings, but with kbakee putties. In their knapsacks they carry an extra pair of boots, a change of undercloth ing, &c.; The Mounted Rifles, of course, keep to their old uniform, with Bedford cord riding breeches and black putties. Besides opening the campaign perfectly equipped, they go into action in the best of good tem per. " There has been only one case of breach of discipline, which was dealt with by the regimental court-martial at the special re quest of the accused, who was a non-com missioned officer. He had been charged with resisting arrest, bad language nnd all that kind of thing. The court sat for the whole day. It consisted of .Major Bridges (presi dent), Major Bayly and Captain Dangur. The prisoner was found guilty, and the sen tence, which was promulgated at tlie close of tho church parade next day, was to the effect that accused be reduced to the ranks. It lias also been decided that he be sent back to Sydney by the first boat. His place, and also that of Private Nicholson, of the Mounted Rifles, who was invalided at Al bany, will be filled by two men on board who have been through the mill and know their work. Captain Robb has been kindness itself to us all; he has nursed liis ship and his passengers with tendcrest of tender care; he has put her head to the seas, and slowed down when things got too lively. lie has eo-operated to the fullest extent with the military officers in preserving discipline and making things smooth all round. In tins he has been closely seconded by Chief Offi cer Collins, the most geuial and obliging of first mates. Between times men have put in a good deal of work at targets. Both units did ex cellent shooting at all sorts of ranges, and all sorts of targets. It is not an easy mat ter to fire volleys from the stern end of a rolling steamer, nnd put in anything like a big percentage of hits. The wonder is that the men were able to get anywhere near targets. Of course it was impossible to fix up anything for Maxim guns. This was quite out of question, so they had to ima gine they were firing at massed infantry or flying .cavalry. Lieutenant Logan has been placed in charge of the Maxim section, with Sergeant Mowbray as instructor. Talking of instructors, we are fortunate in having on board four such men as War rant Officer Ilolmau, of the Mounted Rifles, Color-Sergeant Liggins, Sergeant Allen and Sergeant Mowbray. These are the back- hone and mainstay of the force, ready at all times for all emergencies, and patterns for all young recruits, llolinan and Lig gins have both served in South Africa be fore; consequently their knowledge of what one wants iii campaigning is invaluable. I hey have to turn their hands to all sorts of tilings on board — from making men's wills to taking their temperatures. For the last few days everyone on board has been packing up for the front. Every one is in a fever of excitement as to where we should be sent, and whether war would be over before we landed. Officers had got out their bed valises, and packed them, so that they should be reudy for the road im mediately on landing. By . the way, Victorian special service officers have been much more liberally dealt with than tlie New South' Wales. officers by their respective Governments. The Vic torians have been fittcd-out with everything that one could possibly want on service, botli for themselves and their horses. The latter are to be supplied at the Cape at' the expense of the colonial Government. Each officer lias a servant, also completely equipped. New South Wales officers pro vide almost everything for themselves at their own expense, including horses. Our first sight of land of any description since leavng Albany dates from, noon on Sunday, 3rd December,' the, day on which tho ship was due at Capetown, ac cording to tlie schedule. South Africa at last, with every man and horse on hoard safe and ready for service. How we cheered! Not that there was anything at all pic turesque about tliis coastline— it would have stood equally well for tlie barren sand driven stretches on tlie coast of West Aus tralia—but it was Africa. Then we sighted a small coasting steamer, making north, and in the afternoon fell in- with' two British' transports, numbered 43- and 21. We. couldn't read tlie .names of the vessels; but No. 21 was /crowded with the jacketed "Tommies" -from stem to stern. Our men' manned the rigging, and yelled with de- light. . . ' Passing Bird Island wc signalled the shore and asked for instructions. -There were none. There was nothing for it but run up harbor and drop anchor. It was too late to get any news from shore' that night. No telegraphic communication between Bird Island and Port Elizabeth, so no one knew when to expect us. We were dying to know wluit hud happened, since wo left Albany. No one could make up his ihind to turn in until very late, hoping against hope that someone would be on the look out for us. But no. We crept noiselessly up tlie har bor in pitch darkness, feeling our way to anchorage ground. Away in the distance the lights of Port Elizabeth twinkled and blinked— so near, and yet so far. We drop ped anchor about 4 miles away, just about 10 p.m., and lay there till daylight. Soon after dawn we moved closer in to a spot from whence wc Could distinguish tho houses and the streets on shore. The town runs along the shore in . a . nariw band. Most of tlie shipping in the port appeared to consist of empty transports, ulthough wc learned later that few troops were disem barking there. A staff officer who came aboard about 7 o'clock told us that they were turning ail transports bound for Port Elizabeth round to Capetown. We also were to up anchor at once and go on. They would have saved us about 12 hours if they had taken tlie "trouble to signal in structions from Bird -Island. We had wasted tlie whole night in harbor. In half an hour we were under way for Capetown.' Another 48 hours and we reached Capeown, passing Cape Agullias lighthouse, tlie southernmost point in Af rica, about 0 o'clock on Tuesday evening. The Aberdeen kept a long way off the shore all the way round. Wo could dimly dis tinguish the hjige mountain ranges and the stretches of driven sand, with smoke clouds from hu«h fires to break the outlines. ),,! the sunrise behind Table Mountain as wo steamed in close absolutely beggars descrip tion. We have nothing like this coastline in any of our colonies. Capetown' nestles down at the foot of precipitous peaks, with Table Mountain backing all. Her harbor is full of transports and her shores of military life. I have never seen a more delightful bit of mountain scenery. We steamed up while the haze crept down from the mountain sides and enveloped the town. Wo saw camps dotted about the shore, and with glasses we could detect a figure frantically wagging a signalling flag. Coming closer we exchanged messages. It was Colonel Wil liams, P.M.O., who is in camp with the Army Medical Corps and troops from "Kent." He signalled "All well," and an hour afterwards came aboard in a small row boat. We anchored out in the stream, there being no/ room at any wliarf so far. The harbor is crammed with transports "and store vessels. Everywhere is the keenest ac tivity. Our people are not yet ashore, and it is problematical when they will get off. We got orders to stock ourselves with three weeks' rations, and three days' forage for horses, so we are likely to go straight to the front as soon as kits are complete. We hope so. in uie meantime an Brass buttons and anything that shines come off. Leather will take its place. Bayonets are. to be painted khakec color, and officers are to be armed with rifles instead of swords. All black fac ings to uniform come off, and in field officers will hardly he distinguishable from privates. I got ashore early this morning by row boat to post letters on the steamer Moravian, which is just leaving for Mel bourne. I hear from the agents that the Aberdeen will come up to the wharf- to dis- charge the troops and horses this afternoon. Round about the wharves there is a feverish but well ordered excitement. Khakee clad figures on smallish ponies flit about between waggons loaded with ammunition and stores, giving orders and directing matters generally. Most of the labor is done by hlacks or half castes, with funny looking" head dresses. The place just now reminds me of the London docks. 