St. Jude's New Pulpit. (From St. Jude'a (Bowral) Church News,) THE. P.ulpit given, by Mr. T. Ii. Keigwin was occupied for the first time last Sun day.. It is. undoubtedly a. very handsome piece; o£ Church furniture,, constructed of quartered oak.. It is- hexagonal in- plan, and is entered from the South. Transept by a short flight of oak steps suitably car peted, The panels on each face of the Pulpit are fitted with Gothic tracery and carved bosses, and the whole is finished in the natural colour of the wood. The Pulpit has been- constructed by Messrs. Walker, Son,, and. Bartholomew, of Georgerstreet, Sydney. There were large Congregations on Sunday (30th: April).. The singing was especially good. A hymn was sung at both, services which would es pecially remind the congregation of Mr. and Mrs. Keigwin - " Eternal Father strong to save " in the Morning, and " Fierce raged, the tempest " in the Evening. 1 At the Evening Service the Magnificat of Nunc Dimittis were, sung to Bunnett in F; and the Anthem " Praise ye the Father " was well render ed. The Rev. Willoughby Flower, M.A., was the preacher for the day, and delivered two most appropriate and very eloquent sermons. After the recitation of the Nicene Creed,, with the Congregation reverently standing, and in the hush of the full Church, the Clergy proceeded from, the Holy Table to the foot of the pulpit, and Mr. Flower per formed the solemn act of dedicating it, using the following Collect and Dedication form, with the sanction of the Arch bishop:-"O Almighty God, who dost enlighten the minds of Thy servants with the knowledge of Thy Truth: Be pleased to accept the dedication to Thy honour and service of this pulpit; and graciously endue all who shall minister therein with the spirit of wisdom and understanding, of counsel and might, that they may speak those things which belong to Eternal Life. Grant also that Thy. people, taught in Thy ways, may so take heed what and how they hear, as to fulfil all wholesome pre cepts delivered unto them, so that by the Word ofTruth they may at length at tain unto Him who is the Way, the Truth, and the Life, and who liveth and reigneth with Thee and the Holy Ghost, world without end. Amen." Then placing his hand on the pulpit Mr< Flower used these words of solemn dedication:-" To the glory of God, and the advancement of the Gospel of Christ among men;' we- hereby dedicate this pulpit for the perpetual preaching there from of God's Holy Word ; in the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." The text for the morning sermon was " Set for the defence of the Gos pel." (Phil. 1, 16). The sermon was one of stirring eloquence. We should like to have the words of the text carved around the panels of the pul pit, and hope that this will be done. After this impressive form of dedication and the hymn, the preacher ascended the new pulpit, and giving out as the text of the first sermon from it the clear-cut, em phatic phrase of St. Paul " Set for the defence of the Gospel," (Phil, i, 16), he at once expressed his sense of privilege in being permitted to share with the wor shippers of S. Jude's, Bowral, on an oc casion of such joy and happiness. He congratulated them on the addition, for the house of God they loved so well, of that handsome and artistic pulpit; the chaste product of the skill and handi craft of their own metropolis, to be both an ornament to the Church,. an instru ment for the benefit of the people, and h memorial of the generous interest in their town and Church of a visitor whom as a well wisher they honored, and for whom 