CinprGEiKss. The Rev. J. Penman's VSews. The Rev. J. Penman joined the contro versy on the above subject on Sunday Dight. Preaching in the Primitive Metho dist Church from 1st Peter, v : 2-3, 'Feed the Flock of God, etc. ,', the. reverend gen tleman said his subject, the hunger of the churches, was suggested innocently by an article in the ' local paper. He was not sure that such articles were without good ellect, and that there were not to be seen symptoms of ministers^becoming too con ventional and stereotyped, and the congre gations too much absorbed in the'. things confined to the narrow circle of church life. When outsiders gave their opinions itmighb be helpful .and show them weaknesses bhab they hud overlooked, or defects in their ad ministration that had not occurred to them. He ? did not, however, know that the remedies; thus .suggested were the safest or best'. He had read an article in The Ajzgvs and thought it quite innocent, and good nabui edly pub. He had not discovered in it any animus, bitbemess or carping spirib. . Simply The Ahgus bhought it could run a church because many ministers thought they could run The Aegus or any news paper better than the proprietors. ? There was nothing very new in this. Everyone thought he could transact his neighbour's business better than his neighbour. No one knew how to manage a family so well as a grey-haired bachelor or an old maid. So he did not bake particular notice of that article. Then a lebber appeared in The Argus signed ' Walpitt.' He had *read that, letter and thought it very reasonable and sensible, and saw nothing to find fault with in ib at all. ? If he had bhoughfc the churches perfect and. the ministers infall ible he would . have taken exception to it, but allowing that there' were defects in both, he saw nothing wrong in the letter. The writer of the letter' seemed to be inspired by some remark at a session that the meagre attendance at churches was all the fault of bhe bike. Well, the bike had a lob of things to answer for. It had to answer to him for letting »him fall on the road, but it was going boo far to say that it kept people from the house of God. People made many excuses for not coming to church,— ^-the weather was too hot or too cold, the church too small or too big, the congregation too 'toffy,' — everyone had a different reason. Tho Rev. J. C. Martin replied to this letter, preaching on the spiritual destitu tion of the churches, and touched the root of the matter. The reason lay simply in individual natures. One man would not go to church for this cause, others for that. Some, were too lazy, others preferred tak ing a trip to Manly. What the churches should do was to try to make their services more attractive than the bike, the Manly excursion or the home when the wife doesn't want her husband there. They could not drive men to church with a stock whip, they must be drawn and the services must be made more abbi- active than obher things. Then came the letter signed ' Half-starved Pew,' which was the most serious article that had appeared on bhe subject and charged home to bhe ministers the whole responsibity, implying that bhey had a misconception of their position or were unfaibhful. He did nob know what ' Half-sbarved Pew' hungered for, but there was a kind of nondescript class of re ligionisbs that was always hungering for something, and had some fad or hobby to be satisfied. If the churches tried to grati fy the whims and fancies of this class, all the rest of the congregation would suffer. 'Half-starved Pew' seemed to be in a sad condition. No church was simply one whole ; they had to deal with three classes of characters. First came the executive, who were responsible for the church's work. -Then the irresponsible class of membership, members without f esponsibiliby, except perhaps at times when they helped the executive with regard to financial responsibility. The third was the unattached class consisting of members of the congregation but not of the church, who came because they liked the music or the minister, or something in connection with the church. In these classes were different description of minds and different forms of desire as to adminis tration^ Their tastes and hunger differed, and what was food for one might; mean Starvation for the obhers. The executive class had strong convictions as to doctrines, customs, and policy. It was drawn by distinct doctrines and certain creedal forms, and revelled — so to speak — in its own particular sphere-. He had been told by one' of these that he preached too much as to what men can and ought' to be, arid that ? he should talk about what God can, will .and' has done. Ib was, however, wrong to forget human obligation. The sacrifice of the deabh of Jesus Christ alone was not sufficient. Men must present their bodies as a living sacrifice wholly acceptable to God to complete '.their salvation. He would like to know what ' Half -starved pew' hungered for. Ib was not the duty of the churches to provide . for, bub to create hunger in the form in which it could' be satisfied. Was ' Half starved pew a horse-leech, or were Christians horse-leeches that they must for ever cry 'Give, give, give. When a man gave love and sympabhy he was himself fed and blessed in giving. Love and sympathy which were not given out became soured and withered. Hunger was to be satisfiedbyjgivingtoothers, Ibwas said of Jesus Christ *?' He saved others, Himself He cannot save.' Thab was said in -derision, but it was absolutely true. Jesus Christ ' could riot have saved Himself and also have saved humanity, No mother -could save her family who tried to save herself, Selfish fathers and mothers had no right to have families; If ? the qhurch tried to save itself and enjoy ease and comfort it would never save the world. They had to try and' create a hunger and thirst, for God, and a yearning after higher and better lives'. Tho mejsibers' Glass came for help, instruc tion, comfort and guidance, and the other class might be identified with it in respect to its needs. .Here he pleaded guilty to some extent. Ministers did not always make the best provision for those classes and consider what they needed, but had certain theories and limits and prepared their discourses within those limits; Men game ior coniiorc iis Dneip woncuy trouDies arid were spoken to about another world. The church, not the minister only, must be prepared to give sympethy, help and love, where they were noede^. ''Half Starved Pew 'also charged them with indifference us to tho Holy Ghost. He thoroughly. l}e ljoved they must- have the Holy Ghost at All their religious exercises, but they musb go .further and have Hj m in all their busi ness transactions putsido of tho church. Men musb have the baptism of the Holy Ghost in all conditions' of- life, and that doctrjne tvus proclaimed more widely than porhaps' Half-Starved Pew ' was aware. The preacher concluded with a forcible appeal to all who hungered to pnrtako of \ tho Bread of Life and hunger no more. It wasallvery wellforTiiE ARGUstosay it would have this and ib wouldn't have that in a church. If it came to run a church it would find ib needed a groat deal of suavity, bhe wisdom of bhe serpent and the harmless ness of the dove. The hunger would be satisfied when they could lay-'their heads on their pillows knowing that they had helped someone to feel tho burdens of life less heavily, and they would finally receive the blessed reward ' Inasmuch as ye have done ib unbo the least of these, ye have done it unto Me.' 