WISE WORDS. Endurance . is, nobler ihati strength, and patience'ihan beauty. ' No sin is greater nor moreinjurious to Clod than despair in His mercy. There is a transcendent power in ex ample. We reform others unconsciously when we walk uprightly. Somebody has well said: "The best woman has always somewhat of a man's strength; the noble man a woman's gentleness." Tou cannot prevent the birds of sadness from flying over your head, but you may prevent them from stopping to build nests in your hair. The only way to conquer a cast-iron destiny is to yield to it. Y<.u will break, to pieces if you are always casting your self upon the rocks. Home love is the best love. The love that you are born to is the sweetest you will ever have on earth. You may net know it now, but you will know it some day. The world is out of tune, and our hearts are out of tune, and the more our souls vibrate to the music of heaven, the more must they feel the discords of earth. I have read in Plato and Cicero sayings that are very wise and very beautiful; but I never read in either of them, "Come unto Me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden." I have lived long enough to know what I did not at one time believe—that no so ciety can be upheld in happiness and honor without the sentiment of religion.—Lap lace. God has made many gracious promises to men, and to encourage sinners to re pent assures them of pardon; but He nowhere promises time. That Hel reserves to Himself and His own disposal. "There is nothing," says Seneca, "how ever difficult or arduous, which the hu man mind cannot conquer, and assiduous meditation render familiar. Whatever the soul demands of itself it obtains." My Saviour! fill up the blurred and blotted sketch which my clumsy hand has drawn of a Divine life, with the fulness of Thy perfect picture. I feel the beauty I cannot realise; robe me in Thine un utterable purity. There is no despair so absolute as that which comes with the first moments of our first great sorrow, when we have not yet known what it is to have suffered and be healed, to have despaired and have recovered hope. The Heart of Jesus is the mightiest instrument of the Holy Ghost, whereby He draws souls to salvation, whereby He reveals the mysteries of the Ever-blessed Trinity, whereby He accomplishes the works of grace in the world. Let the good and the great he honored even in the grave. Let the sculptured marble direct our footsteps to the scene of their, long sleep; let the chiselled epi taph repeat their names, and tell us where repose the nobly good and wise. Take nothing lower than the Heart of Our Divine Lord as the measure and rule of your own. Do not take any lower standard. Do not take the examples of men. Set before you the Sacre.l Heart in Its full and Divine perfection. The Word, of God took that Sacred Heart in order that we might know God. True friendship selects surely and grows slowly, but it is ever on the move. If it does not go forward it will go back ward. It is more difficult to forgive a friend than an enemy, bee nise of what we expect from the former. It would seem upon occasions that friends were given us as lessons in patience and broad cha rity. We have been taught to forgive our enemies; full as much do we need to learn indulgence in friendship. The holy hermit St. Anthony was r nee asked from what book he acquired liis wonderful knowledge. Raising his hand to heaven the saint said: "That is my book; I have no other. Every one should study it, for it is full of the marks of the wisdom and the power and the goodness of God. By contemplating it you will soon be compelled _to raise your thoughts to your Creator "and to break forth in hymns of praise, of gratitude, and of love." There is a beautiful legend regarding tho appellation "Venerable" which . is always prefixed to the name of St. I'ede. It is said that after his death one of his disciples was composing an epitaph to his memory, and had got as far as these words, "Hac sunt in fossa Bed® . . . ossa." A word was lacking to complete the measure, but none occurred to him. He retired for the night, and in the morn ing when he rose he found that in the vacant space an angel hand had traced the word "Venerabilis." 