8YDEY IMPRESARIOS. ; DONS AND DONNAS ' 'DiDDLED' AND DONE. ^ ANOTHER TiOC.&I;, OPERA. COM- J PANV GONE BETKG. j It is not more than eighteen months ago that Mr Kdward Farley got together a very good opera company and played a season at the Opera House; Tbe ventrra most surely hare paid Mr Farley very well although the ghost did not walk with anything like an evenness of gait and tbere was fierce war in the treasury long before the final oarst-;;p that cent s portion of tho company up to Queensland to bust some more Tiiutii ib led to opine that the Opera I7ouee venture, so disastrous to the talent engaged therein, cannot bave been financially unsatisfactory to impresario Farley, by tbat gentleman's exceeding readiness to embark so soon again on the troublous sea of management. He was aided and abetted in the venture at the Lyceum, which has just ended in discordant ioharmony, by one Gilbert Smith, a wig and theatrical costume person, who provided the outfits as his share of the speculation. And Messrs Farley and Smith undertook to Bnpply good English opera at 'popular prices ' to the allegedly musical Sydneyites. Mies Lilian Tree was prima rimma, aad had tbe wisdom to have a hard aal fast contract, at the rate of £60 a wee't, with a proviso that she was to get ber £10 n night placed iu her hand each evening before she went , on. Otter people were leSB astute or consi dered less indispensable, and were therefore unable to dictate t row. The e'ever tenor, Mr Lcumane, was specially engaged at a good salary.. Miss May Giendenning, the best Maritana and Gipsy Queen (Bohemian Girl) in Australia, bad to be content with a totally inadequate Balary and to take her chance of getting ber mpcey, as well feB the cei^unty of having to play second fiddle to tbe yriuia donna rs'nhita ; and a f-core or two ofitJsBer nrtitts, sunns and instru mentalists bad to do likewise, The season appeared tb be faiily prosper^ ' oup, but tbers is so me. evidently, in trying to rnu EngliFh opera at music hall prices. The lessees o! tbe Lyceum (the ilesra J and C Macmiibon) were blameless in the matter. They eioi ly l.-t thiit theatre at it stated figure, ami' would have only beer, 'ti'juiiitisud as philanthropic fools if they b..J taii ???1 to collect the r rent out oi the Ttikinps. I hey had nothinsr to do with paying tbo orapany. That was Mr Farley'B funeral. it is history now how thn season was cut Bhort by the very Tcaconrb.e refusal of a number ofthe company to B.ave and wear out their costumes for nothing, One 1 ading lady got one week'B salary and left abruptly when she found that not oniy was she absoiuteiy unabie to collect whit was owing to her but that she was to be superseded ir tbe third production, in ???- part she has madt her own and for which nature and talent eminently fit her. HisB Tree, Mr Lenmant and Mr Allpress (leader of the orchestra);' actually agre.d to pool a weok'u salary each. to help pay back-salaries to the supers and orchestra and others wiio could ill affurd tc 1 or ego their frugal earnings. But even then salaries were not paid ana po r devils wera in some cases put off with a couple of shillings for their week's slavish toil. This could not last, and on Monday night week, the second of thu production of ' * ?Tbe Bohemian Girl,' tbe curtain did not rise until nearly 9 o'clock, and even then the L'ipBies and retainer! were few aad sugges tive of a hard seasm on the road, and an empty exchequer ia the Baronial Halls. On Tuesday night the theatre wae lighted, and a faithful public began to 1 oil up, but there was a general strike ' behind,' and they wera* met with the announcement that lbe yonng Bohemian person was dead at tho early age of two nights J ' AU honest people will agree with TnuTK tbat it is high time this sort of thing was stopped. There is altogether too much license allowed to people who rash into the risks of management without sufficient capital to ttaud the slightest chill, let alone a bit of a frost. And it is not the im premrio who suffers, to judge by tbe readiness to repeat the experiment, which ia go frequently displayed. Companies ate constantly being formed to take the load, landed in the first town— generally a long way from anywhere— aud, alter a. dismal and painfully brief season, heartlessly left to find their way back to tbo city as best they may. The management usually sails or rails back, saloon, and organises a fresh crowd to - be victimised. Scores of decent young women, anxious to gain Btage experience, have been hopelessly jEined in Australia by. being thus left helpless among strangers and having their helplessness taken advantage of by men with the means to do a ' kindness' in exchange for another kind of ? kindness.' \- Mummers must live, as well as any other people and ' bearding' missuses ' are' no* tonously especially hard-hearted to 'them play-actor people,' The law makes1 things harder for 'the profession* ' than for any other class ofjAut^for an aotor cannot - sue under J^^^^^HkiMg|rvants Act, ;,ia 