SERIAL STORY John Haliam's Wife. CHAP. IV. (Continued.) After that I had an interval of unconsciousness, and my next mental impression was of the fact that llallam and Virginia were ministering to me where they had placed me on a couch a few yards from the point where the ring of my magic circle had touched at. The gleaming ring was gone; the lamp burned low. In the silence we could hear the tickiug of the clock. A'few broken sounds passed between jus three, but we were too much over whelmed by our late experience to be able to express ourselves articulately. Presently the clock struck, and at the Same time the sounds of life began to*make themselves heard in the lower part of the house. Little by lit.le we emerged from the shadow o£ ; supernatural awe that had wrapped us round. Not, however, till the daylight began to show behind the blinds did we leave off conversing in low tones of the incredible occurrences of the night. Then my friends left me to return to their own rooms, looking like ghosts of themselves, as they went down the passage in the dawn-light; Hallam almost carrying his wife, who clung to him in terror, like a drowning creature. Of course we kept tho whole strange experience a secret between ourselves. It became evident next day that Mrs, Hallam must 1 e taken at once in. to a new atmosphere. Naturally enough, she was overcome with dread of a renewal of the persecution in some form or other, aud Hallam resolved to .take her to London without delay; while I consented to see to the winding up of affairs at the manor-house—the dismissal of servants, sale of furniture, removal of valuables. Having seen the Hallains off to London, I returned for a few days to my own house, pending the fulfilment of my trust with regard to the manor. The anorning after my arrival home the door of iny lii rary suddenly opened and a stranger came in. I was surprised that the servants should have admitted any one, as I was particularly busy; but, supposing it to be an accident, I received my visitor with as good a grace as I could assume at the moment. He was a venerable-looking old man, with white beard and penetrating eyes . and was dressed in a peculiar grey gown, which I imagined to be the habit of some religious order. I presented him with a seat, aud asked him to tell mis what circumstance had gained me the favor of his visit, He immediately began to speak of the East, its peoples, creeds, history aud occult sciences. Before long I became enthralled listening to him,. The conditions of spirits long released from the flesh, the relations existing between them and living humanity—of these subjects he discoursed with 1 the air of one possessed of extraordinary knowledge. After an hour of earnest, conversation, he said, as i I by way of illustration:" • - "Now, in the case of .Virginia Hallam and the vicious llhemba—" " Great Heaven !" I exclaimed. " Who has informed you -of these intimate and secret matters ?" "That is of no consequence," he said. "You must tell Virginia that she need fear persecution no more. At present she is in danger of losing her life through a natural apprehension. Let her remember that there are good spirits as well as evil ones. Rhemba can assail her no more. But at the same time counsel her al ways to wear the amulet." I felt in great awe of my venerable and learned visitor, reflecting thatrlps knowledge of the facts of our case WAS as strange a matter as any of our ex periences. I was no longer in a position to wonder at anything, and I answered him that I was grateful for his sympathy and counsel. "Tama relative of Virginia's," he said ; " though I had passed out of sight of humanity before she was born." He took Iris leave as abruptly as he came; and after he had left me I remained as if stunned, unable to account for the extraordinary impression he had made on me. I had tried to keep him longer with me, but he had slipped away from me, I scarcely knew how. I rang the bell and inquired of the servants of his coming and going, but. they had seen no such.person as I described. No one had come in at the door, no one had gone out of it. His words came back to me: " I had passed out of sight of humanity before she was born. There are good spirits as well as evil ones. Rhemba can assail her no more Counsel her alwavs to wear the amu„ let." ' I made full notes of the visit, and when I joined my friends in London I placed these notes before them. To my surprise, Mr*. Hallam was infinitely relieved by the message I conveyed to her. She rested with a childlike faith on the assurance that the good spirits had taken her into their care. Her imagination was isoothed, her mind steadied.' Also her heart was" WW' satisfied with her husband's love ; for Hallain knew not how to make amends for the wrong his thoughts had done her. . The Halkms eventually settled down in a charming house at a pleasant distance from London. One day, when Virginia was arranging her household gods in what she delighted to call her "permanent homo," I happened to 'be with her, and saw in her hands a small painting in a frame of ivory carving. Something in the outlines of the pictured figure attracted me even from $ distance and I desired to be allowed ta look at it more nearly. "It is a portrait of my father's eldest brother," she said. " He went a? a missionary to the East long before my father's career led him also in the same direction. He died before I was born. My father venerated his memory." The picture was a singularly faithful portrait of my unaccountable' 1 visitor. [THE END.] 