AN INDIAN GHOST STORY. Mr. F. H. Skrine tells a strange stdry in the Calcutta 'National Magazine' of what happened to him when engaged in census Operations in the ''.lunmnnre' riisi rii»t ni cengal. tie was spending the night as the guest of an indigo manufacturer and his ' wife, both French. 'I was awakened in i the dead of night,' says the writer, 'and j sat up, trembling with the terror which comes once or twice in a lifetime 'from the approach of the unknown. A child's voice came from without. In tones nf agony it shrieked, 'Mamma! Ayah!' I sprang through the open French window into the flower garden. All was still, except the thump of my heart as I listened intently. It must have been a jackal. I thought; but hark. Again the wail rang out, 'Mamma, Ayah!' This time there was no mistake as to the direction The sounds came from the indigo vats, an appurtenance of every factory.' They are deep masonry i cisterns, in which the green plant is im- ' mersed in order to extract the colouring matter. I ran down the avenue, climbed the party wall separating the row of vats, and peered into the dark recesses of each. All were empty, save one filled with clear water to serve as a reservoir for the gar den, and it showed no sign of human life. Filled with creeping fear, I turned and walked slowly towards the house over ground on which the feathery folince of the casuarinas seemed to be photographed by the moonlight. High above their mourn ful sough there came again the childish screams. I ran back to the vats, and searched each in vain. 'Shall I alarm the house*' I asked myself. The feeling that human intervention was useless restrained me, and I sought my bed, whereon I tossed till the morning sun pierced the Venetian blinds. It was very late, ac cording to Anglo-Indian ideas, ere I joined my entc:-tainers at brenkfast. There was something in my appearance which showed that all had not gone well, for I was pressed with questions as to whether I had slept soundly. I admitted that I had not, and bepan'to tell the strange episode of the night. Before the denouement was reached my hostess sank from her chair in a swoon. M. Gilbert, an he ran to her assistance, cast on me a glance of menace and reprcach which I shall -never forget. With the help of the sen-ants he carried the poor creature to an adjoining bedroom, leaving me in mute amazement at the effect of my plain, unvarnished tale. After ten minutes or so he returned, and striding up to me, said in a voice trembling with fury, 'Well, sir, what am I to understand by this mystification?' 'What on earth do you mean*' 'Yes. sir: mystification. And per mit me to olwrve that it is in execrable taste.' So saying M. Gilbert brought his pudgy fist down on the table with a thump that made the hot-water dishes sound a carillon. Shifting my position to a point within reaoh of the carving knife, in view of active hostilities, I replied, ''Now, 11. Gilbert, perhaps you will explain the mean ing of such language to a guest.' There was something in my manner which impressed the unhappy man. He grew calmer, and nsked anxiously whether I had really heard the voice in the dead of the night, and whether I did not know the misfor tune which had wrecked his life, and was breaking his wife's heart. I assured him, on my word of honour, that I had heard his name for the first time on the pre vious day. 'Sir,' he replied after a pause, 'our little boy was drowned a year ago in those vats.' ' Query for Naturalist*— Is it a runaway match in the insect or animal world when vnn it-e nni- antrlnne with Another? 