fomic He: "My views on bringing:- up « family me-” She “ Never mind your, views. I'll bring up the family. You go and bring up the coal.” . : A German student, wrestling with the English language, is said to have.render ed a text as follows :—“ The ghost la willing, but the meat is feeble.” “ People talk about presence of mind, when and where most needed, &c..;” said a young physician to a company of older, graveyard fillers at Cambridge the other day. “ X can tell where it is most needed." ” Where ?” asked one of the company with a sneer. " Whero 1 Why, In a lunatic asylum, of course.” They gave him a diploma. An old woman, who had a chronic habit of sleeping in church, called at seat- letting time upon the treasurer of the congregation. " I have come to pay for my seat,” she said, laying down her money. " Yer seat ?" returned the trea surer, who was a bit of a wag. “ Losh, I think, Janet, you mean yer bed.” Mother : “ How did your face get that stnined, agonised look In your photo graph ? Did the light hurt your eyes ?" Small Son : “ No, ma. The man told me to try to keep still, an’ I did.” Wilkie : " I suppose you're goln’ to church merely to show off your new bonnet.” Mrs. Wilkie (sweetly) : " Not that entirely. I'm wantin’ to see the bonnets the Ithcr women hev as wee!.” Oculist (to countryman) : “ Well, what can I do for you ?” Countryman : !' If you please, sir, I want ye to pull a tooth out." Oculist : "My good man, you must go to a dentist. My business concerns the eye only.” Countryman : “ Well, sir. It's an eye tooth 1” ^ Blanche : " Isabel, what has put you In such a bad humour ?'' Isabel : " Why, I've just had a* communication from Jack, and he writes such a horrid hand that I can’t tell whether It is a proposal, an Easter carol, or that cure for chil blains he promised to send me.” Mistress (to Scotch servant): "Janet, I fear my mind's beginning to go.” Janet (who has not a high opinion of her mistress's mental powers): "I wadna say. mum : but there's ae consolation, It hasna far to gang.” Author : " Help me out with this. I don't want to say her cheeks were as red as a rose." Friend : “ Say they were as red as her nose." Various animals lend their mite to malic up English words—e.g.. manage ment, dog-niatism, cat-egory. chro nology. duc-tilit.v, and rat-ificatlon. Mr. Mumhlechook (singing) : "Bid me good-hve and go-Miss Effle Sharp: “ If you're going to sing It like that on the night they won’t stop to bid you good-bye.” No Change.—" Well, doctor, how do you find my mother-in-law to-day ?’’ “She’s much belter, but her tongue's bad." " It always was." Friends.—Eva : “ Is it true that Cap tain Woolley kissed von in the Conserva tory last night ?" Marion : "Certainly not ! I should just like to see him try such a thing.” Eva: "I quite believe you, my dear.” Promising Boy.—'* I'm afraid you'll never learn much at this rate: Now to day we'll change places : you'll he mo ther and I’ll he Tommy.” “ Me be mo ther !" " Yes : you are mother, and now for lessons." ■' Oh, as you're such a good littlo girl you can go and play— there will be no lessons to-day.” A Question of Terms.—Miss Fitz-Hyde (in quest of an engagement) : “ What salary ? Weil, eighteen guineas a week.” Manager: "Take off the odd pounds and I'll engage you.” They closed. Clara : “I wonder If It Is true that one is likely to catch something from being kissed.” Maud : “ Of course not. You've been kissed enough, but you haven't caught anything yet, have you ?” Tommy : “ Do you say your prayers every night?” Jimmy: “Yep.” "And “ And does your paw ?’’ “ Naw. Paw don't need to. " It’s almost daylight when he gets to bed.” “ Oh mamma,” cried five-year-old Dorothy, “ I'm just as full of glory as I can be !” “ What do you mean ?’ In quired her mother with natural surprise. ” Why- ee," 3aid Dorothy, " there was a sunbeam right on my spoon, and I swallowed it with my oatmeal, mamma!” "And you reject my offer?” he said to her intensely. “You refuse to be the one woman in all the world to me ?” " I'm afraid so,” she confessed rather kindly, for she meant well. ” Then I have but one thing to say to you, madam,” he said, reaching for his hat. " I am sure you have my permission to say that. What is it ?” He drew him self up to his full height. ” There are others,” he replied haughtily, and passed out of the game. 