DID SHAKESPEAR BIDE A BIKE? Shakespeare wrote on so many topics (says 'Chums') that bis works are a proli6c source of quotations, yet one would scarcely think that ho knew anything about bicycles. The extracts which follow, however, which have beep collected by an industrious nr,ni of research, seem to point in that direction. ' It must be that Hamlet's father I. ad visited a bicycle school where begin ners are taught to ride, for liis ghost said— 'What a falling-off was there !' Then the fool in 'King Lear' gives advice to scorchers of the merits of which the modern rider may judge for hioiGelf. He 6ays : 'Lee go thy hold, wbenaereat wheel runs down a hill, lest it brenlc ihy neck with following it.' Eren Cleopatra had her wheel. Antony advises her to mount it and seek Caesar, when he says : ?Of Caesar —»!: your honour with There] were evidently bicycle thieves in those days, and owners had to oarfally guard their precious wheels In -The Tempest' Alonso says to the King— 'We too, my loH, Will guard your perjoo while you take your rest, And watch your safety.' In that same play Ariel undoubt. eily heard the King and his at. tendanfa coming on their wheels when she sang— 'Hsrk 1 Now I hear them— ding- dong, bell.' Thtre is no doubt that Achilles, in 'Troilus and Cressida,' travelled on a bicycle, for he says te his myrmidons ? It is safe to assume that as to-day the wheel is a never-ending source of conversation, so was it at the time of Titus Andronicus, though the listener was more patient then, Aaron says to Dsmatriue — 'Now talk at pleasure of your safety.' It appears from a quotation made by the King in 'All's Well that Euds Well,' that the law required lamps to be carried at night, and that a violation of it was followed by death. He says 'Let me not live,' quoth he, After my 8ame lacks oil.' Ths availability of wheels in dan geroui service is illustrated in 'Oorio lanui, wben the winded messenger says to Cominius — 'SpiesyOf the Volsces Held me in ehaee, that I was fore'd to rheel Three or four miles about ; else had 1, sir, Half-an-hour sinoe brought my report.1 ThB prophetic remark about placing a girdle round the world in forty minuws is fully equalled liy that of Launce in 'Two Gentlemen of Verona,' when be says — 'Then may I set the world on wheels.1 Surely this prophecy has been fuieilod. 