Bicycle Sports. Tho two days' Bicycle Carnival promote by Mo'srs. J. II. Eley and G. II Hill npene mo3t inauspiciously on thc Recreation Oroun on Saturday afternoon. The weather wi unfavorable, and very few pcoplo cared t faco the boisterous southerly gale wilie swept tho exposed sports ground with crui violence. 1'ho attendance, therefore, wa very limited indeed. But although th meeting wis thus doomed to faillira from di outjet, there was a large muster of con Petitors, nul some excellent racing wu witnessed. The riders had to battle alon tho back streich in thc teeth of n pitilci gale, and in consequence tte back tneu nevi lia I thc ghost ot a chnucu ta mnlci up th gaps separating them from thc, front divisio: Ia every instance tho limit men adopted tb stratagem, so applicable under tho circuir stances, nf making thc pnce a cracker at th start, when they had thc wind behind then The visiting ridcis from White Cliffs, Conro and Remnant, rode well in ench erun Stephens did exceedingly well, and aa handicap rider he should bc diilleult tn bes on the Barrier. Only ono serions foll oe curred during the afternoon, which wo fortunate considering thc roughness of th track and thc cheerful way in which th Clemen's combined to rentier a big smash ni easy matter. The mishap took plnco jus after thc near turn hiul been negotiated ami Baker had shot into second position ii the first heat of thc Publican's Purse. Hi wheel skidded, nod he fell heavily. Rem nant, who was riding behind him, shared ii tho misfortune, tinker was shaken and cut i good deal, but Remuant escape 1 with a fev scratches. Three events were eut down fn decision, but after two of these had beet completed, and there were no signs of thi gale abating, it was decided to postpone th' rest of thc programme until Wednesday. Thi long-suffering spectators joyously fell in will tho proposal, and were soon scurrying foi home. * All four heats in the Flying Stakes wen well contested ; by far thc best riding wa done by Stephens, Remnant, and Reece. Tl» final was won in capital Btyle by Stephens Big fields were thc rule in tho beats for thi Publicans' Purse. In tho first heat Klsdor lcd thc limit mea fora couple ot' Isp», Churcl and Williams alternately showing thc way ti tho back divinion. Baker was riding spiun didiy, and rapidly bridged the gap wliicl separated him from the front division. Bul just as he seemed to have thc race in hand he came to- grief. Approaching the turu fm home, Church shot out and cut bis field down Uko ninepins, and entered tliCBtra'ght with r winning sprint which carried him over thc mnrk four lengths in front of Cunncw Emcny made thc pace hot for thc first lup lo thc second heat, but he blew himself out, am! tho running was taken up by Stephens niui Ranford. Unsworth and Turbill, thc back mirkcrs, had no chance. Elliott inadc a line sprint nt thc finish, and n great race resulted between him and Stephens tho latter only getting home by a length, W.O. Symonds rode a plucky race in tho next heat. He was on scratch, and had a big gap to make uo. Thc wind was ton much for him, however, and after getting almoat on terms with tho leaders, ha was obliged to give up in despair on reaching thc turn for home Thc final was a good rncc. Ranford showed plenty of pnce and judgment, and, after leading the field for tho first lap, finished n brilliant second. Fuss also rode well, and, coming out at thc turn, won by two lengths. Results : Fjvnxo STAKES, hali a mile.-First heat : W. Emenv, CO yards. 1 ; W. J. Foss, 60 yards, 2\. TurbiU (25 yards), P. O. Conroy (55 yards), S. J. Rickards (GO yards), F. Fair- weather (80 yar la), and W. Elsdon (85 yards) also started. Time, I minute 12 2-5 stconds. Second beat : W. J. Stephens, £5 yards, 1 ; H. Ranford, 70 yards, 2. Church (30 yards), Williams (80 yards) and Elliott (40 yards) also started. Time, 1 minute 13 seconds. Third beat : C. H. Remnant, 65 yards, 1 ; K. E. Godden, 80 yards, 2. J. C. Baker (IS yards), Cunncw (15 yards) a'so started. Time, 1 minute 15 seconds. Fourth heat ! T. A. Reece, GO yards, 1 ; R. Russnck. 45 yards, 2\. W. G. Syminds (scratch), Unsworth (20 yarda), Hamilton (40 yards), M. Joyce (55 yards) and Sutton (75 yards) al o started. Time, I minute 13 second«. Final : Stephens, 1 ; Kmeny. 2 ; Remnant, 3. Reece also started. Time, 1 minute 12 seconds. Publicans' Purse, one mile and a half. First heat : W. G. C: nrch, 110 yards. 1 ; A. ff. Cunnew, 133 yards, 2 ; A. H. Williams. SO yards, 3. Baker (45 yards), Remnant (170 yard«), Mat tin (180 yards), Rickards (185 yards), Godden (225 yards), Elsdon (246 yards), Ellis (250 yards) also started, second heat : W. J. Stephens, 170 yards, 1 ; A. Kllfott, 135 yards. 2; H. Ranford, 210 yards, 3. Unsworth (60 yards), Turbill (85 yards), R. Hossack (135 yards), Joyce (155 yards), Kmeny (180 yards), Fairweather (210 yards) also B tar tul. 'J bird heat : T. A. Reece, 185 yards, 1 ; \V. J. Fu«a, 180 yards, 2 ; J. Harris, 210 yards, 3 W. (J. Symonds (30 yards), H. J, Symonds (C> yunis), Hamilton - (UOyanla), Conroy (170 yards). F. Harris (210 yard ) also started. Final: Fuss, 1; Kauford, 2 ; Stephens, 3. There were nine starters. 