i DURIHC THE NI0HT. I have an.afflnity for awkward .predica ments, and to submit to what is popular ly known as an "experience" is— if not ex actly my daily lot in life— my very fre- auent fate. For the one that I am about to describe I paid half a crown. The sen sations that that half a crown brought to me were in excess of what I had an ticipated, and strained every nerve in my. body. Yet I am not a fool, and. no one is in his own estimation. 'Twas a November day— the time nine o'clock In the evening. I was in a Lon don street, and had just viewed to my, satisfaction a bow window in which was liung up a card with "Apartments to Let" printed on it. With the knowledge that I wanted a bed for the night, and with the cai-d before me, what could be more natural and within the ordinary lot of man than to ascend the flight of steps that lay before me, knock, ring, enter, and secure a bed for half a crown, paid in advance? To my mind there was such a plethora of vulgar incident in triis that I remember the transaction but dimly. That I was received by a landlady (she was middle-aged, I think), and escorted by her to a comfortable bedroom on the second floor; that I was left there with pen and ink; that I called for some writ ing paper, and was waited up%n by a girl, who said that she would ask her father, for some; that when she had brought it to me I wrote several letters, and after ward went to bed— all this is fixed vague ly in my memory by Its similitude to many- another night that I have passed under®, hired roof. Then there comes a blank Which grows into memory again With the. lhgubrious sound of a prolonged howl— a dog's. It was dark, so dark that the curtained window of my room offered but the faint est suggestion ot the fog-swathed light without. Again and again the oppressive silence and heavy gloom around me were Intensified to my semi-consciousness by . the howl without dying down to a whim- ' per, to extinction. A nervous feeling took possession of me, and fed upon the dark ness. I sat up in bed, and drew a long breath to free myself of its Incubus. What .was there foul with the night that It came eo heavily to my lungs? For the ' "moment I was puzzled, but only for the moment. And then, half-suffocated, I ejaculated: "It is gas; there is an .escape of gas." With a, wave of my arm, I threw the bedclothes to one side , and with an eager leg placed 'a foot to, the floor. Then I stood up, and hesitated. Should I ring, should I call? "No." I muttered to my self, afe I reflected that it was more than probable that the servant . would strike a match in coming to my room. Besides, the escape was perhaps in my room. A step and a grope would tell me. I felt cautiously. No! the tap was as it should be. Then thought lapsed Into instinct, and action supervened. I crept quickly to the door, and, turning the key in its lock, with the caution of a thief, and drawing the door into the blackness of my room, faced the blackness that vaster lay cutside it. Gently, gently, with a +ni,nViinB- a cold wall. I crept on- ward and to the left. My Angers were caught by a projection; they passed it by and sank into a hollow— 'twas a door. I turned the handle and whispered gent ly, tout distinctly, through" the now half- opened door: "It's I, Mr Snipe, the lodger. Don't strike a match. There's an escape of gas. The house is full of it. Are you there? Do you hear? There's an es cape of gas " . No answer, but again the dog howled, and again I felt a nervousness come over me as I entered the room to feel for the bed, and found it — empty. In and out of the walled blackness, to another room and another — empty. Then up the stairs, to right and left, and back again — no body. Down and down through the darkness, the ghost of light in a hall glass, with here a stumble and there a stumble— to the basement, warm and odoriferous with kitchen odors, tained with gas. Verily, I and only I was in the house. Suddenly the dog ceased to howl and I heard the dripping of a watertap— drip, drip, drip. And with the fall of the water came to me a measure of time, .and I thought again: "What does, it mean, this empty, black house? Why is this stifling gas seething around me, and only me? Ah! there is a foul evil in the night— away and out, out of the house!" With a rush I fought my way up step by step to the hall above, and groped toward the dim light shining pallidly through a narrow glass window above the door. "Will it be locked?" 1 thought r 4,Tes + nni RnrrlP- tv/ iiif iscit. thing following on my track?' I turned the handle and pulled, it fiercely toward me. The Moor yielded and I rushed into the open, "Anything wrong, sir?" and with the words came a broad flash of light which, settling momentarily on my face, dropped as quickly to my bare feet and back again. "Anything wrong, sir?" and the voice drew closer, the light flashing past me into the dark hall behind. Then the outline of a helmet and cloak loomed darkly upon me, and I found my voice in the presence of a constable of the law. "Yes, the house is full of gas, and— they've gone. I might have been suf focated; perhaps they wanted to suffo cate me. I don't know — I " "Who've gone? What's their name?" the constable interrupted abruptly. "The landlady — the landlord — the daughter. I don't know their names, but look here, constable," and I proceeded to give my late "experience" to him in a woof of words. The man evidently did not know what interpretation to place upon "either me or my story (and small ownder, I hardly knew myself), but, extinguishing his lan tern, proposed that we research the house together. This we did carefully and cautiously. At the initial stage of our exploration we, or rather he, discov ered that the hall gas burner was turn ed on full, and the gas issuing from it at high pressure. "Might have been blown out by the draught," suggested the con stable as he turned into a sitting room, which I had already searched, and threw 4JJJU11 lid WIUUVWB IU Bttcctcu wn; phere. "Yes, it might," I assented, "es pecially if they left by the hall door, which, by the way, was unbolted when I came downstairs." But, to make a long story a short one- there was nobody in the house. Not a living thing, with the exception of a dog chained up in the back yard, which was surrounded, so far as we could see, by high walls. This was the poor brute whose mournful howling had first aroused me, and that now seemed frantic with joy at the delusive prospects of a social termina tion to his gloomy reflections. With the discovery of the dog and the yard our search ended, and the constable intimated to me that he should summon additional assistance. A shrill call on his whistle— from the hall door— translated the deci sion into action, and with the arrival of another constable upon the scene I was called, upon for a fresh explanation. The second official head threw no more light upon the case than the first, but offered a suggestion— "Let's knock up the neigh bors, p'r'aps they know summat about it." To the right and back, and then to the left went that constable. Kat-a-tat, tat- a-tat! went the knockers. Up went win dows, out came heads. "Who's there?" "What d'ye want?" "What d'ye say — who's my neighbor? What neighbor— what d'ye moan?" And then doors open ed, and other dpors caught the infection, and they opened; in short, there was a pretty "to do,'-' and a haif-dressea crowd sioon shivered around the steps of No. 113\. I was quite harried with their ques tions. I had no gooser arrived at the end of one series than I was plunged into an other. I hadno sooner satiated one indi vidual's desire for knowledge than I was called upon to feed some one else. Whether my brain and my temper would have stood the strain very long I can t say, but I may add that' this is a diffi cult question to propound, even to my self. . Happily I was extricated from the unpleasant situation by being led off to the nearest police station to be detained there pending further inquiries, as the re sult of those just made showed the ex istence of a local caste fc-eling which took no note of the existence of the occu pants of No. 113; and it appeared well to the "Force" under these circumstances to hold me fast for the present. At the station I told the inspector on duty all about myself quite like a little boy. But he did not appear satisfied, and- muttered some word to himself that sounded to me like "suspicious," and which resulted ,in my seclusion. It was but temporary, as the result of the fur- ther inquiries proved satisfactory «.o me, that is to say. This was what they proved: That my landlady, my landlord, and their daughter had left the house No. 113, and had left It in the night. That they had left it in the night, be cause they were in debt for their furni ture (which was hired) and for their rent, and because, presumably and by the evidence of certain tradesmen, they pos sessed ho money to settle those vulgar claims. To them my half-a-crown, paid in ad vance, had been a half-crown, at least sn fae-ainl it was presumed, for their whereabouts was never traced. — "The Speaker." 