CHAPTER VIII. True to her promiso, Ruth set out about her preparations at speed. While the negro boy T*ny saddled the horses she \- interviewed mammy as to things required for a siok infant, and got thom together. At the old woman's suggestion, too, she investigated an old cheat of drawers in her mother's room, and seleoted from the hoard of half-worn but sentimentally preserved baby.linen euoh artioles as mi^ht bo needful. After its long, man-tended journey, the little one's sanitary condition was linoly to be deplorable. She paokod up also a bottle of milk, white sugar, and a few heavier provisions for Kit's sustenance, adding at the last a few odd bits of crockery. ' That poor oreataro has ooma baok to bare walla and naught else,' she mused, while making her oolloo tion. ' Any odds and ends the Qentrya may have left vagrant negroes have snapped up long ago, of oourae. I'll take a frying-pan and a coffee-pot, too, as well as a oouple of eomforts. For the rest of the necessaries Kit mast levy on other neighbors until ho can make defiuite ' arrangements.' The ride through the woods was enjoy- able, for the atmosphere waa braoing from' the light frost of the previous ni¿ht, and redolent with rich autumn odors. Wild grape-vines netted the roadside, heavy with aoid blaok clusters ; the persimmon-trees showed a thiok studding of tawny fruit upon every bare twig, and in sheltered nooka and low places euphorbia blossomed, lilac and white and soarlet love-vino tangled glor- iously, and belated ' blaok-eyed Susans' made sunset patches ot oolor. Beside the pathway meandered a brisk moantain brook, stone-set, and fringed on its with wild genticn and ferns, with a loftier top-growth of dogwood, sassafras, and water-poplar shootB, amidst thiokets of spinewood and marsh willows. Overhead gray squirrels leaped nimbly among the branches, and deftly popped nuts into knot-holes and orannios, garnering the wood harvest with thrift. Along the pathway ahead a rabbit loped slowly, and Ruth put her horse into a znn for the pleasure of seeing the creature mend his pace to long leaps, and then dart sideways into the bushes, where his brown fur made him indistinguishable from the fallen leaves as he squatted in form, with his cotton-tail hidden. When Ruth entered the olearing in whioh the oabin stood, the sun had passed the meridian and the light-rays wore slanted to an angle which brought out the soft grays and browns of the old logs, the red of the olay ohinking, and the mellow duskiness of the shingles, with definite sharpness. A light line of smoke rose from the chimney and lay in aerial spirals against a back- ground of forest. Ruth dismounted at the rough poroh, bidding Tony hitoh the horses and bring in the basket and bedding. Despite Mrs Wheat's preparations, the interior of the oabin chilled her by its pervasive atmosphere of desolation. The door of the shed-room, at tho baok, hung forlornly open, giving a continuation of the dirt and barrenness whith seemed to intensify it. Through the door-way and the unsatfofaotory smill paned window the light entered hardly, and in oross'oarrents. The nneightlinesa of the place was increased by a papering of news- paper illustrations all over one side, largely shredded, and hanging with the grimy, pasted, side outmost. Theae uasavory decorations the breeze ' toyed with, ahaking them about, and producing with them a élever imitation of the scuffling and sar a tch- ing of rats. The only poiut of redemption in the roen« were the hearth; whioh had been swept clean with a pine bough, and the fireplace, wherein was a low blaze, surmounting bright embers. On one sida of the hearth was a rough benoh, formerly need as -a support for the . bee gama,' and bsaide it the box oonverted by Mrs Wheat into a bed for the ohild. As the door darkened with the entering guest, Kit Gentry roBe and faced it. He was n short, thiok set man, and stood ' awkwardly by reason of the wooden pin whioh supplied the plaoe of his left leg, gone from the knee down. His face was oare worn and rugged, with an obstinate mouth, and a look of hopelessnoss in his eyes whioh required but little to turn it into des Deration. . With luck against him' seemed written all over the man. He had a ohild's nursing bottle in his hand, and the brim of bia shabby wool hat was flattened against the crown, ao as to leave Bight unimpeded. Ruth ooine forward at onoe, with extended hand and pleasant words of greeting. 1 Mrs Wheat told me about your getting home last night and finding no one,' she explained, * and also that tho baby was siok. I oame over to seo if I oould help you.' There m as in her tone and manner no hint of patronage, only straightforward. kindness as from one human being to another. The hard lines about the man'* month relaxed a little, and the gloom in his eyes lifted. 4 I'm obleeged to you,' he replied, simply ; . and thor ohilo need« women- folks' beering badly. He air fevered some, and hov been fur a week. He's done quit relishing his tittles. 'Twar a haid liok finding all my £Utted.4siI-' Ho pawedS abruptly, and gaged Btraiirht away, over her head. * It was all hard, every bit of it,' assented Ruth, gently. 'Mrs Wheat told me, and I'm sorrier than I can toll you. We played together, you know* It was a womanly touch, and made just difference between pity aud.sympathy. The rough fellow had fineness enough to appro» ciato it. His lips twitohed and his eyes moistened. Ho made no response in words, but he let her take the child's bottle from hia hand and assume undisputed authority. ' Perhaps the milk is sour,' she suggested. * That may bo the reason he won't take it. Have you tasted it ?' ' Naw'm,* the father admitted. * I p'intly do despise sweet milk myself, so I never thought about sampling his'n.' Ruth smiled superior and emptied the oontents of the bottle behind the fire. It was of the gravest importance, she assured him, that infants' food should bo pure and fresh. Then she despatohed him to the spring for water and turned to the child. It was ourled, like a kitten, on its father's vest in the box of aromitio pine-tags, and covered with a checked shawl whioh Rath recognized as belonging to Mrs Wheat. It was miserably puny, with purple veins showing under its pallid skin, and great, dark shadows undor its eyoa. Its little frame seemed to Ruth nothing but a skeleton ; its hands were like birds' claws, and. its clothing was stiff, uncomfortable, and malodorous. But for the need of more praotical compass ion, Ruth oculd have wopt over it. Even to her unpractised eyes the stress of the little one appeared extreme, and ihe summoned Tony and despatohed him at once for Dr Tazewell, bidding him follow should the dootor be from homo. It would not do ? now to trust to Mrs Wheat, she decided. The old woman was on foot, and, besides, would probably loiter and gossip by the wayside. Ruth found a battered tin basin and an empty tomato eau, both water tight, in the shed room, and, out of sheer womanly revolt at the little one's appearance, did the best thing possible for him-that is, administered a hot bath and a chango of raiment. . .Don't you think he looks better?' she inquired of Kit, who had withdrawn to the wood-pile during the ablutions. ' I dunno,' the man answered, with bnoolio bluntness. ' He's <a sight oleaner, and better by that mioh. To me, he don't favor nothing 'oept a fresh-hatched catbird. He don't hardly ape human.' Whioh was so absolute a verity that it made Ruth wince. The child refused his food fretfully, wailing in a piteous undertone. After a while he dropped into a doze, whioh gradually deepened to stupor ; his pulse became small, quiok, and irregular ; he coughed a little, feebly and spasmodically, and his »kin seemed almost to sear Ruth's oool hand when the touched it. Time passed, and her anxiety deepened. She glanced across at the child's father, who avoided her eye and slouched forward with his elbows on his knees and his face set hard. He understood that whioh wan passing through her mind by its reflex on his o wa.. Pain quickens even ordinary intelligence to aoutenesi. About three o'clock oame the welcome elatter of horfs, and Gentry ross awkwardly aud hurried out to meet the dootor. Ruth faoed the doer expectantly, her hoad lifted. The sun had rounded the corner of the house, and its beams slanted through the soiled wináow-panes, touohing tha woman's hair, and slipping downward to rest on the brow of the babe on her knee. Through the door-way entered a stranger -a tall, square shouldered man, with hazel eyes under long lashes, and a heavy brown beard- ? CHAPTER IX. Ruth's look proclaimed her disappoint ment. Msdical aid was so sorely wanted. A quiver passed over her face. The stranger oame forward and reassured her. ' Dr Tazewell was from home when the messenger arrived,' he »plained. ' The case seemed urgent, so I took the liberty of coming in 1rs stead. Mrs Tazewell advised it. She'd b3on talking with an old woman who was excited about this ohild. You can trust me. I am a dootor.' In her relief, Ruth Bmiled up at him cordially. « It was good of you to oomo,' she said. ' This baby seems very ill.' She made room on the benoh beside her, and the physioian sat down and bent over the ohild on her lap. . * How long has he been oomatoao P' in. quired, after a rapid examination. « Two hours certainly,' sho responded. ' Boon after I got here-about half-past twelve-he bogan fretting, a feeble, miser- able wail. He was dirty and unoomfortable, bo I took off his olothing. and game him a hoi bath. Was that wrong P' * No ; the best thing possible, if you'd ottly gone further and given him some whiskey and milk. Have you a oup and spoon convenient, and a little milk P' Ruth indioated the basket on the other Bide of the hearth. The dootor helped him. self deftly, mixed a mild«toddy with a portion of the contents of his own pooket flask, and administered a spoonful or two to the patient. Then he arranged the box more oomfortably, with one of Ruth's quilts, and took the ohild from her. * Leave him there for a while,' he direoted. ' Id is better for him than boing held. Now, what did you do with that olothing P' Ruth pointed out a dingy little heap behind the benoh on whioh she was seated, and watohod this masterful stranger a trifle ouriou-ly while ho fishod tho things out with a bit of kindling* wood and tossed them into the fice. He seemed to her even more direct and forceful than is usual with his oralt. * le the disease contagious r' Bhe inquired. ( Not at all/ he answered. . It is gaatrie fever. Bat there is no tolling what infection the child has been exposed to. Mrs Taz 3 well gavo me to understand that the mother is dead and toar the father curried the baby from Georgia in hie arms. Is that so ?' Ruth bowed assent, and then gave him the story, briefly, in outline. The prinoipa aotor in it was busy with tho dootor's horse, whioh had been ridden at speed, but he might enter at ctny moment. The pathos of it strack her anew. * These people have been connected with us for year?, and have lived on our land,' she volunteered, in explanation of hor own own intrusion into tho affair. * This man's father waa my father's overeoer, and we children played together. It grieved me dreadfully to hear of the trouble. He had no money, and it was tho only way open to keep his promise to his dead wiro. Did you notice that he is orippled ? Then think of his getting here last night to find an empty house and a cold hearthstone. Was it not hard?' Her eyes filled as she spoke : she had, for the instant, lost sight of the f aot that he waa a stranger, and lifted her glanoe to him as frankly and unconsciously as a ohild might have done. The doctor returned her gaze for half a second, and then looked away. A tender-natured woman, he decided, and one whose heart was prone to pull the wool over the eyes of her reason. And, man- like, he admired her for it, feeling more drawn to her than to any woman he had met for years. It is never the woman with no nonsense about her who gets the firmest hold upon men. ' The experience was pretty rough,' he admitted. ' But the fellow would have shown more tenderness by less precipitation. The ohild was too young.* Ruth was instantly on the defensive. ' He eould not know,' she declared. ' An ignorant man, with no experience with babios. His thought was of his promise and of his wife's wish. According to his light, he did hi? best.' ' Illogical and partisan,' thought the dootor ; ' a thorough woman. I would not be surprised if she has baekwoods prejudices in favor of domestio duties, the supremacy of man, and a hereafter of rewards and puniahments. About half a dozen years of individualism and dominance of the ego, this sort of thing is refreshing.' Aloud he made no comment, for Kit Gentry stumped in with an armful of wood for the fire, and was promptly pounoed on by the medioal mau and put through a crosB- examination as to the child's previous conditions and symptoms. In the course of the talk it transpired that Kit, in his home- ward progress, had passed, through two iufooted regions; one, a town in central Georgia where yellow fever had been pre- valent, and another, in North Carolina, where thore had bten several burials from ' small-pox. If the fellow had set out on a gorm-quest, it did not seem, to one of his hearers, as though fuller or more varied opportunities would have been neoescary. And the faot that, according to his own account, Kit had ' come a-iumping through, like a Bnake hunted hop-frog,' the moment he became aware of the presence of disease in a locality, did not, in the medioal mind, render the situation innocuous. To the dootor, for the nonoo, the tragipathetie mountaineer was degraded into a peram- bulating germ-distribntor. He chewed the end of his moustaohe as he listened, and before Kit, in reoital, had hopped safely away from the second infection, he was busy emptying his pookets of the bottles of bismuth, calomel, and other possibly needed drugs, with whioh Mrs Tazewell had loaded him, in aearoh of the prayer and diainfootants with whioh he had provided himself. Ruih watched him with interest. Her ohief knowledge of antiséptica was derived from Dr Tazewell's diatribes againat that whioh he was pleased |P designate aa the * idiotio superfluity' of Professor Lister's theory. When he had diluted his oarbolio aoid to his mind, the dootor advanoed upon Ruth with the precision and foroe of a oonquering army. m 1 Ba so good as to stand in the light, young lady,' he ordered, * while I disinfect you;' whioh he proceeded ,to do, system- atically, and from the throat down. ' It is the ounoe of prevention,* quoth he, ' and yon held the baby in your lap, of course, while you ohanged him, and very posBibly handled his clothing afterwards.' He cirolod around her at short range, and Ruth lifted her eyes to him with a laugh in them. His head was a trifle onward, and his eyes intent on hi« work, for he was directing the fall of the atomized drug on her bosom and shoulders Something in his position, the sweep of his laohos, the boauty of his forehead, or the mutinous fall of a slightly grayed look of hair across it, touched, in a shawdy way, a well-nigh, intangible association. It was as though. the ghost of a forgotten harmony of the faintest suggestion of a once-liked perfume had been reflexed from the infinite upon the woman's spiritnal senses. The passing waa instantaneous, a wind blown shiver of mist, but it modified the expression of the eyes uplifted to tho physioian's grave faoo, and also invested that face with an interest othes than the situation called for- an interest utterly removed from that oaoterio afflatus whioh humanity, for want of a fines definition, calls sexual attraotion. UnooneoiouB of that whioh had happened) the dootor's gaze followod the movements of his hands, whioh manipulated the bottle and bulb with aooustomod touohos. (To be oontinuod.) 