THEfiKOSTAT TA«TALLOM. AS AUSTRALIAN ! STORY; CHRISTMAS KY W.W. Saltf Cdlonel Poj-ntz, the new yroprie- | "tor ot : Taiitallon Station property, to his = friend. Mr Hereward, as they, sat on the J erandali of tlie new homestead, "Could • ichere be a wider difference: between this •and .ilie ,seeiies In wliic-li iwe spent our last -Cluistmasr' i ''Scarcely, it is very' beautiful,- but ' Ireadfuliy weh-d-looking and lonely. < Those plains to the right seem to be in- Lerniinalile, and tlie far line of bills are like jthe^ hazy clouds at sea that make iand^inen believe- they ; ari"|ana. That dark bushland see&s;'^ini 'eiiotis'h to be the -liauht of evil things; iind; tlie creek winding down there amid its fringe of . ivattle ; and rush, gleams in the moonligiit like a writhing serpent You -won't like to live much at Tautallon. Poymz." ' The Colonel laughed. "No; I'm a gregarious being. But the old Hall at bonn was lordly in its way too. I think I secit now, with the snow lying heavy on the park, and weighing down the "branches of the old trees in the churchyard. "Tit Christinas Eve, Hereward, and the lights will be .blazing to-night from eveiy win- . dow in the old Hall. There will be holly and ivy in every corner, aye, and mistletoe, and wassail will be drunk witb many a- *Haii!' and ghost -stories will be told while the Yule log-i is blazing. By the way, I suppose there are no ghostly legends in Australia: the country is too young." "It. Is as old as ours, and the natives' have known it. I can fancy tlie spirits of the dark race stalking over the plain* that were once tlieir owu. and wailing the coming of Jhe paleface, who had al most exterminated their race, with hi; bain of disease and dijgik." Again light- hearted" Colonel Poynt laughed. "You had always a romantic vein *in'you. Hereward.; I never evei believed In'the family ghost at Povnly Hall." "I didn't know there was one." ""You may ask my mother about that. • She believes as firmly in it as does every * one of the old servants.; A fa mous an cestor of ours, who was beheaded in the time of the second Charles, is in the habit of perambulating the terrace op the .anniversary of his death, with his head under his arm. Now could absuiv dity go farther than such a belief Jacob,"' and the Golonel called to aD elderly man who was passing the.end of the verandah at that moinent. ; "Yes, sir." * ' • "Have yon any?gliosts in Australia? "You needn't, go" fat to 'find, one, sir. There's one appears down below at Old 1 Tantallon." "Where's that?" "The old homestead, "six - , where old Duncan used,to. live when he squatted here and for years after. Yon'can see the place there to the right, sir, near the creek among them trees." "A ghost at Tantallon! There you are, Hereward, I hope you are satisfied. Is it the ghost of a blackfellow, Jacob?" "No, sir: ifs the spirit of a white man, and a spirii that has the right to appear, for-in the body lie was murdered. Ton needn't LiugL at' it," Colonel- Poynte. for; ifs true, and IVe,seen theSpiritof Jaiiiefe Wilson myself. "Then there can"be no'^ossible doubt that there lis' aTghbst at.,TantaJIon;" returned the,jcolonel; "^o ."^i ; Voii' 'down there and tell my. friend^Slr Hcreyiatd. Jlie siory. Afi.gor. .Mvie feo'ihe let-; ters to Traite,- way while ^ Jacob Smitii; ^at-,^3own "qn the edge .of the verandah, and, having satisfied himself that Mr HerewSrd really wished to hear the; Story, began it promptly. "It's nearer,.thirty than.twenty, year ago since old Duncan came here, and squatted on Government land, and from the beginning he. had' James Wil son. another' elderly Scotchman, with him," ; I think they' were- partners, but Pm not sure. I've been on Tantallon ten'^ears myself how, aiid- it's five since old Duncan diea.' For four years Wil soil's jghost has appeared at the old homestead' every/Christmas Eve, and 'twill .appear till liis body is found and b'uried/ 'fit is not old Duncan's ghost, then?*' "No, sir., I'm going to tell you all about it. „ Old Duncan was one" o£ ,the meanest men that ever liired, and begrudged himself the very bite he ate. There were continual rows between him and Wilson, who didn't believe in. being stinted of food, clothes and ,'bacca. However it was between them about the few hundred sheep thev grazed, and sheared every year. Duncan kept the purse, and stuck to it with a tight grasp; and what luck could the -old miser expect? He died a dreadful death this night five years. . "I was shepherding on this part of the run then, for tlie gentleman that Colonel Poyjitz bought the station, from, and, feeling lonely on Christmas eve, for want of a better place, went down to :Duncan's. The door was ajar, "and after calling out, I went inside. There was no fire in the big chimney, and no light-in either room.- I struck-a match and .lit a bit of candle I found-on the table, and then i went into the bedroom with it in my hand. "There were two bunks in the back room of the hut,-and old Duncan's.was behind the door. - T looked there first, and what I saw I will remember only too; well to my dying day. . Duncan was'lying on the bed, dressed as: he usually was, and between 'his two hands:' clenched and stiffened ' on his breast, was" a' "Sm'all tin pannikin. He was., evidently on the point of death, but .still conscious, and he spoke between his clenched teeth , three words. " When- he heard 'me enter, his rolling eyeballs turned* toward me. As if he had been galvanised, - -his hands: unclenched, and the pannikin .dropped, with a rattle, to the floor. His . light Wilson's bunk, and stiffened in the posi- [ tioh as he saiii, witli an-effort that was life last,- Tve^-murdered—Wilsonr I "There was a long , pause-, between each word, if he t wanted to fill up the gaps he cpflldn't'have done ;it; and' as i liia said tlife" last his body arched .stifily. and in horrible agony .he .. gasped -liis last breath'. ' No ihaniwlio had ever! Wiinessed the action bi strychnine; aoidd doubt from. what cause he died- There was plenty of iSti- ychmne for use among thft sheep, and old; Duncan, had taken a dose of- It.?' - •. , , ,, ' \- "' J Twas a cas6 of suicide: then?" Mr Hereward asked. , "There was: mo doubt-of it in the minds:of the jury_at the inquest, .sir; he had quarrelled with Wilson, and In the lifeat of passion pei-liaps murdered blip, Then his c-onsc-ience made-life-an- impossibility, and he took his own." •fWhere -was W^lson'^ .bofly found,. then?". •.••••••.-' , -" ' • " 1 "It lias not been found to. this day, sir, • Old Duncan -was a strong man, and he may have carried it to the creek. , put more likgly, /t is bgried in the old .orchard., X'made some, search; myself; but of course, I bad ao right to especially ks piefe wpre-f<?oif that J ^^ Wilson was not dead ai .all." : |- ""'Whaf Teasons have, ^ou for befeg! rertaitf that he is, Jacob?" "" '" j "GooJ 'Ood, sir; Jimdn't I the bian'sj own dying worfls fcr *it'i -•'Didn't^ he sav, 'I've murdered Wilson?' and didn't his liand stiffen in death-ijomting t<, Wilson's ljed-2 When I.took the c-andlf Over to the bunk I saw that there was a pool of blood in it, and tlie felood was actually bespattered on the wall." ] ''Well, sir, in a year after that awful night George Milton, a mate of mine, iwas passing the old homestead about midnight, a thing he wouldn't have 3 0 1 1 : , « ^ e n quite sober though (you had given him five pounds to do it. The place had got a bad name through tlie murder and suicide, and not a man 'on the run would consent to live in i; for love or money. George saw the spirit of Wilson in the old orchard, and at first thought it was some living being, but when the moon fell upon the awful white face he knew it, and ran "I hardly believed it myself, sir, un ta the next Christinas eve, when watched, and saw James Wilson a; plain as I see you. Three times since P've seen the same spirit, "biit I never frould pluck up courage to speak to it They say, you know, Mr Hereward that if you can speak to a : spirit it breaks the spelL and it is allowed to teJ? you what is troubling it "I have heard that; and what do you think is troubling the spirit of James Wilson: Jacob?" "His body remains nnburicd, sir, o perhaps his savings are hidden some where about the old place, and he want them to go to someone near and dear to him in his old Scotch hoine." At this point there was a laugh from the open window, and they saw that Colonel Poyntz was sitting inside suiok ing, and that he had heard the whole story, "Of course, 'tbe poor fellow is looking for' his own bones!" he cried, "but he may be thankful he hasn't to carry his head under his arm. as one ghost at th „ Hall does. Are you going to interview James Wilson again to-night, Jacob?" "No, sir. I ^determined'that I would never go again. • For weeks after seeng it I am quite nervous and upset; for • t ou see, T bellfevc that the dead Return sir, though you" do not." And Jacob feeling really angry that his ghos story should be made a mockcry of rose aiid went away. "I'm afraid I've' annoyed the poor old fellow," the Colonel said, contritely "but" I couldn't,-ror the life of'me, help It. The whole theory of spiritual re visitations seems to me so utterly untenable and idiotic that I see only the ab surd«side of ghost stories." "What do. you ;say to. -a ramble -down as far as the .old; homestead to-night r" questioned Hereward: "if there is any thing to see, we should at Jeastlaeedt." "I have no objection in^life,,only warn you .that I.ishall take-^avi•evolvel• and have a shot at the ghost ot Tantal Ion if I see it If there ha^Tbsfen any appearanc-e, it has been that of^a livlb; man. who is, for Some object of his own. imposing on the credulity of poo Jacob and other such simpletons.' will get my revolver, and go with you for it is after eleven, and the ghost's hour of releaise is, of course, ittte mysti twelve:" t i. / "From midnight until the first' cock crows. Well, Pojyit^.in the face of al tiiat"nbnie of oii have creaited, :J r ye are'be^^1ng„assured to us day by day ;I f:^are. Jnp r t !? l^gi^ffi^^l^te^^. deat meu aM' wom£n30o""not'' oh* occasions re p ^ f i e : A h / l f • '.. •. .; - ^ow^yeiy^ftver .my'f frjend aiid y the spirit jtsielf. Where in Of, .wl^a"^ es-: senc^ i^Hipy tfelL us in th ! ..'(iiei|rilbod is; the life, ^dSlmii^f.-: rcert^Sir :-i ^enojigb; r wlicn man'«5tpMs.aire 'flrs^nsd£of3lt he dies But whine-lies„.the soul that Is said to ^c^e^greith the. life, too mah : has told us"br ever ^Ill tell_i?si.~. Tlie whole mat : ter is one of the inscrnteible mysterie that We'shall-.®ever khew." "Until we know as. w-e are known? inuriiiBred Hereward." rr -^r-fi. • , "And begin tb ramble bacft to" earth on our own account "between ihldnigh . and cdekerow!" cried the irrespressibl Colonel. "Come, let vis see what thi particular ghost is lhjide''' of at al Gvehts." •• . The two gentlemen went down by the line of Creek following the belt o "bushfes on its bank, so. as, to avoid ob servation, aiid soon arrived . in the shadow of the big trees that surround ed the old hut, around which was a visible neglcct and decay, as well as al tpipst jthe silence of ideath, itself. . . if was a hut. of two rooms with - a. door "and two small windows - in th , front that faced the creek. The blinS over the windows were torn and soiled the green drip from overliahgin branches had made long, slimy track down the slab sides of the lonely look \ ing tenement. The grass had growj long and thldk on the threshold—it wa \ only too evident- that not for many years had a footstep crossed that doo step. The colonel tried the latch, bu it, was fast. . "X.et us go round to the back," he said, *-there is sure to be some entrance that way." . , _ . . . , The back door was open, and had been so-for many a day; the top hinge was broken and the. door had dropped some inches from the post. The gentlemen entered the kitchen into which some moonbeams penetrated through a small window, near the : wide chimney. "A gruesome looking place," said Poyntz, as he looked round the room, while his friend stood inside the door! and :\vas steadily gazing up the old orchard, There was about an acre of it in which the crooked old apple trees had spread broad branches that laid deep shadows on the grass. "Come bere/Poyrftz;" Mr Hereward said, in a low tone, and the Colonel quickly stood beside him. "There is a figure np yonder. I saw it a minute ago. under that biggest tree. There it is again and it's moving this way. It was certainly so. Plainly to 1 be seen, as it crossed slowly, and: with "apparent, unsteadiness, . the. patches of moonlight between the appte .trees, a tall, thin form, with bowed shoulders and attenuated frame, moved down the old brcliaid. It seemed of grey'-liue/ and the bowed head was covered with a broad Scotch bonnet.. "The ghost, by heaven!" said Colonel Poyntz, as he handled his revolver. We'll see now if there's any flesh about it!" '/ '"'. Hereward cauglit his friend's arm. 'For God's sake stop. Poyntz! It is a living-being. You would not commit a murder. in.cold blood! What, a terrible face! The man is Dl!" The figure was nearjng the lint, evidently with thei intention of entering. by tlie door ht- whieliftlie- friends stood. Both drew back into the' : deep shadow, at the front, while the tottering being entered, holding on by the : door jiost to assist his almost, lielpless liuibs to cross the threshold. Then he turned, and uttered n iiitte; mean; "For the last time;" he said, as he looked out on the old orchard, "and all for nothing]".and then he; turned to a hugh cupboard near .the - fireplace, and drew the door to him. „ The gentlemen had remained almost breathless In their anxiety to wjitch tlif inysterious being. When-he entered the c-uyboard and drew the door behind him t1iere was a slight-grating sound, and ^hen silence. '"These is a cellar. We arc on the eve of solving ttiis-l mystfry," said the Colonel. "Follow nie," and putting his rc- -volver in a-convenient pocket, lie lit a .small lantern he had thoughtfully provid ed himSblf with, and-- opened the cup-, board door. Behind it was a row of narrow shelves, empty, save for old bits of. torn paper and a thick coating of dust. The Colonel saw that these shelves were attached to another door, for the being who had just passed through lia«l not drawn it very closely behind hi in Down the few steps, formed" of worn plates, the gentleman went followed closely by Mr Hereward. f It was surely a small cellar in whieb they found themselves, stretching unde the kitchen and partly under "the; bed room of the hut. So near the Colonel's tall head was the floor above liiat hcbad to stoop down when he passed under a-joist. Through a couple of holes low on the ground, outside th faint moonlight was visible, yet the ai was damp and unwholesome. No won der tliat the face of oiie who had lived there for years should have been taken for the face of a dead man. A bucket of watci'Wstood near a low stretcher, on which lay. tlie form they had seen pass through the kitchen Ghastly, and breathing hard, the man's eyeballs turned helplessly to the newcomers. Ho was evidently too ill to speculate or to care on what business they had come. Poyntz set his lap tern on a stool, and. having opened it so that the light should fall upon th wretched bed, he stooped over the sic 1 man. "So," he said, grimly, "you are the ghost of Old Tantallon?" "I am James Wilson," was the reply "and I am a dying man. Whatever i your business I.'ere let me die in peaceif I can." Colonel Poyntz unscrewed, the to from his pocket-flask, poured a littl spirits into the lid, added water from th bucket at his feet, and held it to Wil son's lips. "Drink that; it will enable you to tel us how y6u managed to make peopl believe you were dead all these years and that old Duncan had murdered you." ; . - f Wilson swallowed tlie cordial with difficulty, and spoke hurriedly. "There' no use hiding the truth now, for I'm a dying man. It was not my fault tha people -aceused old Duncan wrongfully but I was here in this cellar; wheD Jacob found him dying, and said the words that convicted himself, and I was glad that the murder should no be traced to me." "To you! What murder?" "The murder of old Duncan. It wa me that poisoned him." "Surely your mind is astray. Duncan' words were plain enough." "They were misunderstood. What b wanted to say was, Tve been murdered by Wilson,' but the words stuck in hi dying throat as mine are sticking now Oh, God! what a terrible deed, and al for nothing—nothing!" \- "Tell us about it,' if you can. If your words are true the only atonement you can make to the memory of the old man is to confess your own guilt. Take a few drops more of the spirits and con fess." "It was not all my fault. If Duncan had only given me nly own he might liave been alive this night. I had an equal share in all, but he cheated me -out of it. I had hard work to get five shillings, now and then, while he added .sovereign after sovereign to his bag until it was so "full that it could chink iio longer. I couldn't get enough to eat either, and I had no hope at last, only -that he would die and that I should get all. "But hejuid.no notion of dying, not Tie, and we lived a lire or hell — quar- relling from day to day. I watched him every hour to find out in what new corner he had hidden his hoard, for ho was always changing it about; and when I had a pretty good guess where to lay my hand on it I made up my mind he should never live to hide it id another place. "One day my chance came. Duncan felt sick, and began to quake with fear that he should die. We had a few fowls grubbing about the orchard,, and I proposed to make him some broth, declaring that it was the. miserable diet that was killing him. I killed the fowl and in doing it managed to cut my hand pretty severely. That was the blood scattered on my trunk as I tore off a bit of the sheet to bandage it. I per suaded the old man to lie down, - and When the broth was ready I mixed enough'of strychnine in it to finlsh hlm I thought he was dead .just before I heard Jacob's step, and I held his hands on the pannikin till they seemed to stiffen on it, for my idea was to make it'appear a suicide. "When I heard the step I darted to the cellar that-we had always kept' n secret. You know the rest.. : I have been- searching ever since for the old miser's money, and never found the bag." 1 "How have you managed to live for these five years?" "Donald M'Crea, my brother-in-law, has known all along, and I had a few pounds saved of my own. M'Crea is hut-keeping on the next station, and hoped to share old Duncan's plant wTien I • found it. But I never found it, and there is the old villain coming -to mock me!" . „. ..... ; The wrecked man had risen suddenly to point to a dark corner of the cellar The Colonel put his fingers on the bony wrist, and with'the other hand gently pushed the dying Irian back to his pillow. , ^ . "There is nothing , there, Wilson. Try to ask your God lo forgive'you,* for your .time is short." "I cannot pray! Yoii—you—" and h« was gone. ; " "May the Lord have mercy on his soul!" It was Mr Hereward whp.mur mured the words, as Colonel; i^Djyntz drew a corner of the old blanket over the awful dead face. , Under the orders-of the Colonel there .was ja ;general overturn of ' the old homestead on the morning .after-Boxing Day.:.,; A, party oL men pulled every 'stick and stone of it'do^vn. Wliateve might be made use of in any other .wa.. was carted froiB-the spot, and after ai exhaustive, search the eeHar. was. fillet up. . When the site had been levelled and sown with grass seed, the Colone hlrhed to old Jaeob with a grim smiles-' "I hope you will own now that, the ghost of old Tantallon has been fihalh laid?,' .. • • "Not a bit of it sir. If t it was a mock ghost that deceived us before we'll hav the real one now. The spirit of -Jamc Wilson is sure to haunt the place unti the money is - found," The Colonel laughed at the old man' obstinate belief, but there are . those still living In the district who deelar that the Shadowy grey form, with th broad shoulders and: drooping •• Scotch bonnet over its ghastly face, is still t< be seen gliding-noiselessly in the or. chard at Old Tantallon. And the miser' plant has never yet "been discovered. African- Explorer (spinning, a, yarn) • Not very long ago I went .'out one dav unarmed,..when I suddenly found- myself fape to face with three lions. Fileiul - "Well? Explorer : I fixed my gaze -o r ' the brutes, then stuck my hand,s iii my .pockets, and walked away -whistling an air from an opera.' Friend >. Aiid didn't the lions immediately rash at "you? - Explorer : They couldn't. It was at the Zoo. 