bbull HumiafraH be (he Federal Capital t ' Coino,' said tho Mayor, ' turn out, my boys Stand forth and strongly say your say : While all tbo land is stunnod with noiso, Shall silonoo reign at Jams Bay P Shall Sassafras bo'mute, or shall It bo tho.Fodoral Capital f ' Out Wost, among tho grassloss sands, Whore, oountloss, the doad jumbuoks lio: Wan rosidonts hold up tboir honds And feobly toss their hats on high Upon one stoadfast purpose bent— To havo a Fodcrnl parliament 1 ' Lob's Holo, has spokon, Jimmy's Crook Has hastonod to put in a word ; ' Qoulburn declares Bombala's cheek In coming out is too absurd. And that tho nerves of PoBsum Valley Is roally somothing moro than bally. ' What P Shall wo then so tnmely yield— There's not a township lying low From Albury to Tentorfield Which has tho ghost of Bucklov's show 1 Let us demand what's ours by right. Boll up ! I'll take the chair to night I' They did not roll -they would not roll, For why P Their simple hearts wore puro : They looked towards a higher goal n . Than Avarioo's glittering lure Of Btatoly buildings crowhed with domos— Thorofore thoy stayod within their homes P Besido tho tiroa thoy sternly sat. Below tho mutton hams that swung ' ' Amid tho smoko. They smoked and spat Full stonily at tho logs th..t flung ?: : A flickering glow upon thofloora— : i.y They sternly kopt within thoir doow ! v, '?'?'., Thoy said— or, if you liko, they thought— '????;', ' This is a cunning bait, but wo ' : Aro not in suoh way to bo .bought .?--?.- From duty to posterity— ' . : -i; WhiitoW it brings to us of loss, '?-?'??? Wo will stand by the Southern Cross ! ' -??: ' We'll not roll up, we'll simply not, . [?''?? At any price. Wo'd sooner die '.!'? Than sanotion this here Braddon Blot ' ;~ That Beid was down on last July. y. r: We will not move— we'll just koap still Iu scorn of tho Amonded Bill ! .^-..^ O sturdy hearts ! Go over thus '?.. Toiling among tho cows and grain, - .-.: Eaoh man a coastal Eegulus, Who will not stop for gold or gain, All others Booking onds their own. Standing for the publio good alone ! ' You've made the name of Sassafras Shine as with patriotic glee, But-neeing that all flesh is grass— It might bo well to here inquire— ; Would this have all just happened so If Sassafras had Buokley's show I —Daily Telegraph. Don't Misa This.— A Special Offer.— From this date till Maroh 18th, any pereon who outs this advertisement out of the Shoalhaven Telegraph and tako3 it to Klinq's Store will get a special concession on any artiole purohased at the time for caah, in any department of drapery, orookery, or grocery, (sugar and flour excopted). The following allowances will be made: For 10a you will got lls worth, and for 20s goods to the value of 22s 6d, or so on in proportion for larger amounts. Ladies, it will interest you to know that we have opened our first lot of new capos for tho approaching oold season. They are a nice lot in all colors, and the value is tip top. See them, and you are sure to select one. Far mers i requiring produce, there is no occasion to send to Sydney for your supplies. We are prepared to soil bran and pollard in ton or half ton lots for oash at piioea whioh will pay you to leave your orders with us. Goods delivered to any reasonable distance if required. J. Kline, draper, grocer, and produce. merchant, Nowra.* The subscription to the Shoalhavbn Tel egraph is reduced to 3s per quarter, paid in advance. « . . Madame Patti's marrhgo with Baron Ceder strom (aayB an English pnpor) recalls to mind several inoidents of hor remarkable career. It is uoarly 49 years since sho made her first ap pearance on the stage iu New York, being then in her eighth year. Sho took London by storm when sho mado her d6but at Covent Garden in 1861, being then eighteen years of age ; 'and a few weeks later she was engaged to sing at the Birmingham Musical Festival, receiving a fee of £500 for four concerts, a sum before unheard of in connection with festival vocalists. Her last appearance at Oovent Garden was in 1895, when the late Sir Augustus Harris induced her to return for a few performances. In one of tbo scenes in 'Traviata' she wore jewels to the value of £200,000. There were 3,700 stonea picked out from hor various ornaments, and set in the form of a cuirass at the cost of. £800, whioh she wore in the front of her corsa»e. Two deteotives acooinpanied Madame Patti, an! mounted guard over her jewels when Bhe was not wearing them on the stage. . News is Food for Aotiyb Minds, especially in these days of quiok communication, when we are enabled within a few hours to know what is takingplaoe at the other end of the world. The merits of Holloway's Pills and Ointment, whioh have been familiar for over half a century amongst all oiyilised people, have been still more widely spread owing to thoBe facilities. To the natives in the uttermost parts of Iedia, Africa, Australia, and, indeed, to the whole human family, these remedies have been amongst the most preoious gifts of civilisation. They oure disease and relieve the most aoute pam. In oases of fever, ague, and liver aud stomach complaints thoy are unequalled, whilst for wounds, bruises, sores, &c;, they are the best known remedies. The large oiroulation of the Shoalhaves TELEORApn,..oonsequent on the reduced sub sonption, reuders it the beat advertising medium iu the district. . ? 