,1 CHILD OF I'lLlHIIV, CHAPTER VIIL I' Aftor that ono outbreak of temper on Miss Stone's part, Beth had a nervous sensation of incurring further chastisement. She went about her work in a shy way that was eloquent enough of her highly strung, most sonsitivo nature, and she was glad that the bustle attendant , on tho arrival of tho countess broke tho former routine of the day, and prevented her from being much iu the housekeeper's company. For tho rest, Beth, with two other maids, had been sot to work on somo of the uppor and seldom used rooms' of the Castle. Miss Stono had, as a mattor of fact, invented tho necessity for making these in order on purpose to givo employment to these three young and 'comely girls, and so keep thom out of mis chief. When tho castle was full of guests, as on the prosent occasion, there were, of course, always a number of servants brought by the guests to join tho house servants in tho kitchen hall, and Miss Stone, by long aud much experience, had conceived a great dis-. Jrust, for these smart valets and maids, con sidering that their influence was harmful to the country-bred girls in service at the castle. Hence slio always took special care, with those whom she held to bo likely to bo harmed,, and sho was particularly desirous that Beth should escape tho notico and atten tion of the many mon-servants imported into the usually quiet household. Both never troubled her head about these newcomers. Truth to toll, tho girl's life hod again beon shadowed,' and in a way that had boon quito unexpected. Tho night of the countess's return had brought Both a letter from Miss Tempest, of tho orphanage. ? »Tho matron wrote kindly and even affec tionately to tho girl who was doing so woll, but sho had news to givo Both that was evi dently a sorrow to hor, and was assuredly ono to Both. - ' Meg, hor old schoolmate, had suddenly disappeared from the orphanage, without leaving a single word to say .whero she had gpne; nor could her whereabouts bo traced,, although' Miss Tempest wroto' that ovory possible clue liad been followed. ? Tho matron's .object in giving this news to Beth was to warn tho girl against associating with lieri former school companion, in tho ovont of Meg trying to gnd hor out. 'For,' Miss Tempost had written, ' I am only too sadly assurod that poor Meg has chosen a dark and downward course. There seems to bo no other construction possible for hor disappearance, , and thoroforo, under tlmso ciroumstances, 110 respectable girl can bo soon with hor.' 'Beth shod many tears ovor Megls fate j sho hardly understood tho matron's words, but she, who was so tutorod to obedience, , couldl not but bo shocked at Meg's boldnoss and wrong-doing. Sho could not harden hor heart towards Meg, howovor. Instead, sbp. lay awakp several nights thinking of tho girl who, though so rough, so different from her self, had yet boen a loyal .friend to her ; and she set up many littlo prayers for poor Mog, who had.gono out into the world all by her self, and dostroyed all chance of gotting help from thoso who would have startod her in lifo. ' Up in tho dismantlod rooms, busy with noodle and thread, twisting nnd 'turning the, bed-hangings-, and window curtains, Botli's' two companions chattered , away happily enough j and if Both did not join in slio' listened, and was duly impressed by all 'tho' superior knowledge of tho world thoso two othor girls possessed. ' , By this timo Both had grown accustomed to hearing of i' sweethearts,' although the word hardly oonvoyofl much moaning to hor, rind Bho was also acoustoraod to being shown a varioty of photographs to which an amatory, importance wns n,ttnohod. Sho had soon a certain amount of flirtation also both , nt Heron Court and at the , onstlo, and had JVLiss{ Stono'.B vigilance boon ,lqss, she .would iinilonbtocUy, havo found herself involved;in; something of this same sort. Hor oxpononoo, with Tom-Brady, howovor, had givon Both a distrust and dislike for, all tlio men she mot, and Bho rosonttid' tho1 very oponly oxprossed admiration sho was wont to nrouso. -i The tWo girls. who sowed and chattered in her company now wore full of oxoitomont over1 tho w arrival ?- of so many guests and sorvants, and wore comparing notos,' turning ovor and hnon to i Both for her opinion, which sho gave but vaguely , Biriop'sho hnd no opinion \- to givo. Hor follow-sorvants had arrivod'at tho conclusion that, if Beth Mason woro firotty, sho .was also an undoubted fool, and ittlo by littlo tho jealousy sho had rousod at first ' died away whon : it wns soon that; tho girl had no dosiro to rido over-hot' follows, and was,, in faot,.,so shy nnd , frightonod ob to tirop out of all calculations. * Both's aim in lifo at this ; immaturo ijoriod of hor oxi'stonco was confined, in jfaot, to doing hor vory boBt in that station to whioh she had boon onlled. Sho was liappy when sho was1 found satisfactory, and sad whon Miss Stono sooldod hor. Gradually sho lmd coasad to query and trouble ovor hor nameless birth, just , as iho had oonHod nltogothor to . worry over Tom Brady and his h'nrd-tonguod motlior and port sister. ?' Enid Somotsot's, antagonism {o hor had fallen, too, into a faint memory; .though Both had iniiny a moment whon ebb would' havo lovod' to havo soon doar Lady Barbara and Lulu and Oisfuo ngaiu, Thoso momorios wot'o hor swootostt ana sho gaVo a aroat deal of thought to tlio ohildron with whom sho hid spent somo happy hours, Somotimos, too, a vision of Eastoliffo's tall form and kind face flashed into remembrance, but Beth always hurried to Bhut this away, The lesson Miss Stone had taught had boon too sharp a one to bo .lightly forgotten. The countess hkd been at Creswicke a week before Beth caught a glimpse of her. Lady Eastcliffe had been,' as a matter of fact, very unwell since her return fropi London, and tbe burden of entertaining her guesjs fell to her stepson. Eastoliffo could not be said to have found much pleasure in this task, for Lady Eastoliffe's friends were aot his friends; he liad, however, the trick of making the best of everything, and he played the rdle of host to perfection. It was a relief, too, in a great measure to find himself free from the constant society of Enid. Ho was always consoious of liking Enid so vory much better when ho did not see her so frequently. Of lato it had dawned upon him that Enid had some other feeling working definitely in her mind above and beyond ordinary pleasure in his company, and Eastoliffo took a little alarm at this. He was in no hurry to marry, and ho had furthor a decided predilection to chooBG a wife for himself whon the moment arrived for such an important step on his part. He was far .from finding in Enid those qualities that ho held to. be indispensable in a wife. Nevertheless, he had a sort of affection for her, and ho honestly admired her. It might bo in time, he would umse to himself at odd moments, he should tee! moro strongly drawn to Enid in this respect. He knew, of course, that this would be a marriage that everybody would consider satisfactory, and ho also bad a littlo suspicion that his stop-mothor particularly desired it, although Lady East cliffe was .alow to speak of Enid in any but i tho most cosual way. All tho same, ho did not want to bo hurried. There were many othor women in tho world beside Enid j he felt he should prefer to hold his freedom awhilo longer and ' onjoy himself,' as ho put it, boyishly, before settling down. His present visit to Creswicke was, therefore, agreeable in ono sense, although ho mischoviously com plainod to his stepmother, when ho was paying nor one ot ins many littlo calls of inquiry, that her feminine friends gathered undor his roof wero neither a young nor a beautiful collection. '.'I tried hard to flirt with Mrs. Cran stooke last night after dinner — I think sho Ib about tho least aged — but it was an awful failure. Sho yawned ten times in as many minutes,' Lady Eastcliffe looked at him affectionately. Sho was lying back in hor chair, wearing a dressing-gown of some delicately huod Bilk, with filmy laco about hor throat and small hands. Sho had a subdued touch about her. East cliffe found her wonderfully beautiful in hor invalid phase, but it saddened him to look at her, sho seomod so frail and white — acroaturo who might fade away at any moment. ' Why not import something fresher, Nick P' sho answered him, witk a faint smile. ' Lot mo send a lotter to the Halgreavos ; . the girls are bright and pretty,' Eastoliffo shook his head. 'I 'was only joking, dear, I really don't, ! want anybody. I am porfeotly happy — that is, I should bo happy if I thought you woro quito woll.' T„ TTU^.^l.TC ? J ? ? 'i.i_ ' XJUUJ JUUOUUUJLLU biuuuu ugiuu 1U1QUJV ? ? ' I;ft.m suoh,aJ}fltl_i»Talid— so,. depressing,' I moan if I only havo, a bad cold I proparo for my torab. Nick, will you x'ing that boll ? I want to see Stono for a moment.' Eastoliffe's eyes twinkled. ' Dear old Matilda ! What a good soul sho is, and how broad and round sho is getting 1' Whon tho boll was answesed a footman appeai'ed, and a message was dispatched for Miss Stone. ' Shall I go, doar ?' the young man asked ; but tho countess shook hor head. ' Oh, no ; I only want to ask somo odds and ends of questions. I havo had a lottor' from Barbara. She wants to know'— - But hero tho door was opened, and thofobt man appeared again with tlio information that Miss Stono was out — gone to tho village— and would nob bo baok for an hour. - The. countess waved tho man away with an, impatient gosturo ; then sho called him baok again. - . ? . ? ' Thoro is a maid hero cnllbcV Mason'— sho took up a lottor lying on tlio table bosido liter and glanced 'at it through hor . glasses for a momont— ' Boss— no, Both Mason ; send her to mo. A protogb of Barbara,' sho oxplained to Eastoliffo, with a tiny shrug of her shoul-' ders, when tho mau had gone.' ' Sho drafts; any amount of thom o.n here, and Stono rubs thom into sliapo, Barbara sooms particularly :anxious to know how this ono girl is gotting on, arid has ?motationod hor moro than once, but I have always forgotten to speak to Stone. Tho shortest way will bo for mo to see tho girl and question hor myself.' It appears that Barbara lias somo othor situation open to hor if sho wishes to leave horo.' ' What a dear good soul Aunt Bab is I' Eastoliffo said, warmly. The countosB.romainod silont a momont. ' Yob. Barbara has'a heart*1 of sympathy for all tho world, pud yot, strange as it may. Boom to you, sho oan bo hard,, too. I ro mombor'— but tho sontonco broko.off hur riodly;Lady Eafitoliffls lips woro trembling and a hot touch of oolour had oropt into lior ohooks. ' Pbrhaps, nftor all, Nick,' slip said,' hUvriodly, 'it would bo hottor for ; yoii to loavo mo just now. It is hardly amusing for you to' hoar mo oatoohiso this maid; Oomo baok iu half an hour.' Tho' young man oboyod' hor at onoo. ? ' Are you poming down to dirinbr to-riight, doar P' he asked, as hb, was' passing out, and Lady Eastoliffo answered in tho affirmative, Eastoliffo gavo her a'smilo. , ' That's good news,' ho said,' nnd thon ho turned arid wont down tlio wido oorridor to iis own room. His thoughts flow all at onoo to that littlo oouvorsatioii in tho smoking-room at Horon Court, and tho squire's rotninisoenoos of his stop-mothor and. her yoiltli. ' It's my. boliof hor hoart is ovory bit, as soft and Bympathotio as Aunt 33nb's, only alio trios to hardon it at ovory turn,' Eastoliffo mot a maid hurrying along at this iripinont j it was ovidontly tho girl Mason going to hor inter* vioVr with his Btoptriothor, . Both ha.d pasBod him boforo tho rooollootion of hor faoo flushed baok to him, ' By Jovo !' ho said to himsolf, and ho paused and looked aftor thb girl.' Sho'had grown, ho supposed j anyhow, sho looked tailor and difforont. - She had not, in tliolonst tho ajr of a Horvant, and was, ho deoidod instantly, far too protty to bb oiio. ?? 'So this was Aunt Bab'ri, protogd, 'All, now I romombor, I ' Haw hoi' boing Idrivon away from Horon Court -tho* day after tho oarnival ; so I snpposo ' Lulu's ritory of woo ovor tho loss of the uurflery-maid must havo boon truo, and Eriid: must Jiavo bpori instru mental in having this gliel sont away.' East* cliffe found himself frowning, as he often did when ho was brought sharply into contact with some fresh evidence of Enid's hard and even spiteful nature. This kind of thing in particular — war against servants — was wholly unintelligible to him. He translated it in Enid's case to mean antagonism to Lady Barbara's charity, which, for somo reason or othor, was distasteful to her daughter ; but thiB did not put any better complexion on tbe matter, His pot room, a barrack-liko apartment, unchanged Bince tho days when, as a boy, he hnd romped and played in it, was on tho same landing as tho countess's suite of rooms, and Eastoliffo was pushing open the door a little testily, for it annoyod him to be so per petually obliged to criticise Enid harshly, when he saw tho door of hiB stepmother's room open widely and Beth run out, looking hither and thither in a nervous way, and pall ing somo one by name. In an instant Eastcliffe had gone toward her, ' What do you want ? Is anything wrong ?' Ho pushed on without waiting for fin answer, Ho divined at once that the countess sWas.il), but ho was not in tho least prepared to find her lying huddled on hor face before the firb, as still and white as though death and not a faint had overtaken her. ' Ring ' that bell ! , Givo mo that water ! Quick— quick !' Eastcliffe said. Beth had followed him into tho room, and was standing trembling in every limb just beside him. ' Stay,' ho countermanded, as sho movod to the bell ; ' don't ring. Go yourself, and j fetch lior ladyship's maid. Say nothing to tho other sorvants, but como back yourself with the maid.' Strong man as he was, Eastcliffe found it impossible for him to lift the oountess from tho ground unaided ; but he left nothing un done as far as his instinct prompted to minister to hor, and tho maid and Beth wore back to his rescue almost immediately. When Lady Eastcliffe had been lifted to a ftnnn.ll nnd flinvn umfn aSrvn'a | soiousness, Eastcliifo looked toward Beth. Ho was at a loss to understand this sudden bwoou, and he wanted somo explanation from tho girl. Beth was almost too frightened to Bpeak, and stood with hor cold, trembling hands locked together. 'Did hor ladyship seem ill when you entered the room P Did she speak to you ?' tho young man queried, gently. He was not looking at Beth; his eyes wero riveted on his stepmother's white, drawn face. Undoubtedly she was far weaker than ho had imagined. ; Eastcliffe was shai-ply troubled. Ho realized onco again that ho would suffer an im measurable loss if anything wore to happen to the countess. v ?' Her ladyship was sitting in a ohair. , Sho told me to como nearer,' Both said, speaking as clearly as slio oould; but she had liad a great fright; and her timid nature was in a state of nervous agitation; her voice was almost a whisper. ' And then she asked me my name, and when I answered her sho got up vory quickly and seemed to choko, and sho looked so strange; thon all at onco, sho fell downj and I— I did not know what to'do.' ?It was the voice of a child 'speaking.: EaBtoliffb turned his ; oybs on Both. Tho girl was vory pale, and her lips wero quivering.' She had just tho same air as Bho had worn that night on the ico when he had interfered, and sent the man who waB annoying her flying into the darkness of tho shrubs that skirted the lako ; sho was, moreover, astonishingly protty. Man-like, Eastoliffo noted all tho beauty in the girl's sonsitivo young faoo, oven though ho was considerably upset him self. Ho was consoious ngain, too, of that 'vague element of Burpriso in his feelings that this girl, with her undoubted air of breeding arid aristooratic oontour of form and foaturo, should fill so humble a place. ? ' You did nothing to alarm hor ladyship P' he questioned, knitting his brows and looking vory stprn. Beth stammered 'out that sho did not think so. . 'I did not mako a noise, sir,' slio said. Slio , was ignorant .that this was the wrong manner of addressing tho oarl. Tho maid looked round hero. 'I. think hor ladyship would' liko to 6poak to you, my lord,' she said, ' and if you will remain hero ono inBtant I will fotoh hbr' ladyship's strong salts. Thoy aro ' in tho othor room.' - ? Eastoliffo bent over tlio couch. ? ? '? You aro butter, now, doarost P' ho nBkod,: tpndorly. , ' ' Both had oropt cut of the room with thp maid. ?? „ % ? Thp ppuntess did not answer at first, 'alio lay looking about hor in a dazed manner. ' . Suddenly she put out her hand to him; ' 'Help mo up, Nick,' slio said, vory feebly. , ' Arb you strong enough to stand, dear r' 1 Lady Eastoliffo bent hor head. ' I Buffocato lying horo. Got mo into that chair. 1 And, Niokj toll Marston to bring mo some shawls; I am vory oold.' '? Eastoliffo dragged tlio ohair to tho sofa and vory tenderly , helpod tho' fbbblo woman' into it ;' thon ho pushed it oloso 'to tho flro. 1 ' I am going to send for Sir Jamos Hast-, ings,''ho said' vory conclusively,1 as'thir waB donp. ' You \yant thoroughly looking' to' j your 'strength neoda building up 'most care fully. I shall tako you in hand mysolf., 1 1 liad !no idoa you wore so run down.' . ? i- 'Lady Eastoliffo put out her thin, weak hkndi'and touchod him tondorly. ' ' ' ' ' Whoii the lionrt is .'dead, Niok, dear, thb rostmust dio, too, ; it is but natural.' , : Enstbliffo knelt bosido hor,' nnd put a liquor glass of brandy to hor lips. ' To ploaso mo, doar,' ho ; urged, as ' sho shbolc lior hend ; arid at this roquoBt;.tho bountoBs juBt touohod tlio stimulant. ?? ' I' shall carry you ' away from thiri bold, tryirig'EngliHli spring. ' tWo will 'go Boutli, or ovon 'furthor afield. Lot mp tiikb otn'o of you altogotlior, and don't toll mo your 1 heart is ^doad ; for you must always' lovo mo a littlo, you know! Ah, horo is Marston', with, your lihawls.' , .' ' ?' 'Lady Eastoliffo laid baok iu tho ohair,' arid tho young man oiivolopod hor in, tlio warm, floboy, woollon wrapB, and; then knolt again and hold hor oold liarida in his. ' ' Hor ladyship is bottor. ' I will tako oaro of hor for a littlo -vhilo. ' Go arid bonsolp that pbor girl ; slio soomod so frightonod. I fanby sbo thought Bho had killed you, donrost,' hb addod, with a smilo. . ' ' The obuiitoBs, shivered, and hor handselling to his oagorly for a.moinqnt, i !' Thon— thon — it was not a , fanoy ; jBom'o ono did oomo P Somo ono ? with a faoo that bolongod to tho doad, Niok, I— I thought I was looking on a ghost.' » Eastcliffe was silent for a moment. Ho tried to chafe some warmth into her hands. ' There was no ghost, dearest,' he said, cheerily. Doa't you remember you sentfor the now piaid Aunt Bab was anxious about p' Lady Eastcliffe's white faco suddenly flliBhed crimson. She took her handB away from his suddenly, and with nervous, trem bling fingers drew from about lier throat a slender gold chain threaded with pearls (a familiar ornament to Eastcliffe, who remem bered to have Been it about her neok ever sinco he had first met her). A large oval gold locket was attached to this chain, but it had been hidden in tho folds of the gown. The woman's fingers pressed some^tiny spring and tho locket flew open. ' Nick,' she said, brokenly, 'horo is tho grave for my dead heart— here is the story of .my life. Look well at that face ; tell me what you read in it.' EaBtcliffe rose to his foetand took tho locket and chain in his hands ; he held it reverently and his hoart beat nervously as ho looked on the face of the man enshrined in its golden case. * It WaB an pld-fashioned coloured portrait of a man wearing a uniform ; tho features were regular, the eyes of a wonderful blue, the head held proudly — altogether tho picturo of a handsome man; ' His name was Georgo Anstruthcr,' said the feeble woman's lips. ' He died nineteen years ago.' 'Eastcliffe bent down to her. ' Do you want to tell mo any moro p' Lady Eastoliffe's eyes met his pleadingly, ' I must — I must. It doeB me good to speak at Inst. I have been silent so long.' She held but her hand for tho lockot, nnd Eastcliffe gavo it to her. ' I know Bomothing of him, dearest,' ho said, softly. 'Ho died nobly — ho was a horo.' Lady Eastoliffo pressed the picturo sud denly to hor lips. 'He was the bravest, tho best, thp truest that ever lived. I know it now- — now, whon it is too. late. Oh, Nick ! Nick 1 tho misery wo mako for ourselves— the terrible misery ! How havo I lived, I wonder, with tho memory of this undying grief in my heart all these years ?' Sho looked up suddenly at her step son. ' Nick, did you notice nothing about this 'face? Do you seo nothing there that carries a strange meaning p' I am not speaking clearly, I feel it,' the countess added, hur riedly ; ' but somehow it chokes m'e to havo to say 'the thing that haB come - suddenly into my heart. Nick, just now I fainted. Do you know why?' Eastcliffe shook his head. He waB deeply troubled about her; her agitation was so groat, so alarming in ono , so calm as she usually was. Ho drew a ohair near, and sat down to hold hor hands again. 'Do not speak of these things ; they try you too much, doarost,' lie said. ; But Lady Eastoliffo paid no heed to his counsel. With hor. .oyes riveted , on : tbo picturod faco in tho locket, she went on speaking. . 'I, will toll you what camo to mo, Nick — what mado mo loso grip of jnysolf. If I;look round now I can feel tho samo, sensation. You.left Kie, and I hadjfallon, as I always do whoa alone,, into ; thp ;old -routine of sad. and useless thought, when there came a faint noice at tho door, and somo ono ontornd tin* room, r I turned and .looked upwards. Nick, my heart stood still ; a faco was there, before me — the living, yet dead, faco of ono who passed away from me and the world nineteen years ago. I spoke in fright, and tho girl answored mo. Niolc, it was George's -voice 1 I staggered to my foot. I .said I know not what, and then camo a spell of davknoss, and whon I awoke, I saw you— -tho dream had gone.' 'A oliancc resemblance, -doarost, or pro bably only a mental illusion,' Eastoliffo said, in his most practical way. . 'Tho matter is not uncommon. Yovi liavo boen dwelling so much pn ono subjoct for all theso years,' it is but natural that this subject should seem to embody itself, to take personal form or shape at timos.' ' Lady Eastoliffo was silont for a momont, thon she sighed. 'You may bo right, Nick,' sho said, tlion, foebly, ' and yot'— Sho wns' shutting' tho locket and putting it away when a now thought camp to her. ' You perhaps did not notico tho girl,' sho said; , but Eastoliffo an swored' her quickly that ho had certainly noticed Beth. ' I now romombor to liavo soon hor at Aunt Bab's, Sho was nurse. to tho children.'.. ..'Then, his. step-mother said, eagerly, ' if you do not, Sao this marked resemblance to the portrait I have, shown you, what of ^his one P!' . She twisted the picture round on a swivel, and disblosod a sooond portrait— a Woman's faco this, young very lovoly, and .markedly, like tlio. picture of the dead Goorgo Anstrutlior. lEaatcliffo , had- a strango sonsation as ho looked upon this faoo, and ho wns at onco con soious of tho rosomblanoe -that was tho oauso j of ,liiB stoprmptlior's mental exoitpm'pnt and troubl'o., ' Thp girl has portainly a likpnoss to this portrait, lie said, slowly, ' ; Lady Eastoliffo caught her breath. | 'That wns the picture of Margaret,' twin sister, to Goorgo Anstruthor,' sho whisporod. Sho . .lipid put, hor hand to ^ hor ' stop-son. f'Nipk i^Nick I: you.;,,will:1holp mo P lYou'will riot doSpiso mo or .dosort . mo p -Ir— Iram all alone in tlio world,1 and ;doath is riot vory far, But, Nick, I must not' dio : with tho moro suspioion [that I( shall liavo loft this sebrpt unsplvod s .that at; tho last— at thp vpry last— a grpat joy— a swoot duty— was givonito me, aud that I turnod away from it, Oh, Niok I Nick'— ?' - : , ? , ? En'stoliffo bent down and ldsBod her. ' Now,; that's all l'iglit. You must bo palm, doaroat, and just toll mo everything you wish mo to do ; and;you know as woll as possible that it wiU bp a liappinoss to .mo to, ao any thing, for, you.!' Ho , knolt bosido hor. (again,, for sho was spoaking, but hor voico was lost in hor agita tion,. -r : , ' v ' , ?V'E)or yoars and yoars, I havo mourned my doad child. Now something whispers in my heart that— that sho is not doad^-that— Oh, Niok, bring hpr to mp— bring' — . ^Thp wliisporod; words diod away in a sigh, and for a spcond timo tlio harnssod and. over strung natiiro, found rost in uiioouBoiousnoSB. \- ? (2'o ho continued,) Tho pioroing of tho Simplon Tunnol iB pro* cboding'at tho avprago rate of 'lij m. pbr day. At tho ond of Mnroh 1, 1GG m, of tunnol hnd boon mado— 302 in. - on tho SwiBfl sido, aud 3G4j m, on tho Italian oido. 