'*???_ ' - ? - - HOVERING BETWEEN LIFE AND DEATH. The Nurse's Remedy. MR. ROWE'S CREAT RECOVERY. HOW HOSPITAL ff URSES RECOMMEND CLEMENTS TONIC. fRenorted for t.hp ''RpflfArn Timps'M 'It was a narrow squeak for me, and. no mis* take,' said Mr. Wm. Rowe, of 76 Garden-street, Alexandria, Sydney, to the reporter. 'So I should imagine,' said the newspaper man, who was taking notes of Mr. Howe's remarks. 'Yes, I didn't know what was going to happen when the doctors at the hospital decided to oper ate upon me for the purpose of removing an abscess in my side. However, I knew it was no use making a fuss about it — it was do or die: so I let them do it.' 'And they did?' 'Oh, yes! They removed the abscess all right, buj I was for a- time hovering between life and death. In fact, I was in such a dangerous condition that when a friend of mine, who had heard of the dan ger I was in, called to have a look at me, the doc tors refused to allow his to approach my bed. The slightest shock at that time might have put an end to my existence. Well, to cut a long story short, my side gradually healed up, and 'it at last became possible for me to be taken home, but in such an exceedingly weak state that it's a wonder I ever got my strength back. 1 was a mere skeleton. My skin was drawn tight over my bones. It was only with great difficulty that I could move about at all.' 'You couldn't work, then?' Mr. Rowe laughed. 'Why,' said he, 'if you coulfl have seen me then you would have wondered how I could muster enough strength to stand upright. I was a mere ghost of what I used to be before I went to the hospital. I couldn't eat properly andl my food did no good. I was in a state of com plete sheer weakness.' 'Well, how did you get your, strength back?' 'Just before I left the Hospital I asked some of the nurses, who were very attentive- to me, what 4 should do to put strength into my enfeebled frame and a bit of flesh on my bones.' 'What did they tell you to do?' 'They said to me confidentially, 'You take Clements Tonic, and you'll pick up your strength, sooit enough.' 'Which you did?' 'Yes; after I left the Hospital I thought of their advice, and I determined to put it into practice. I bought a few bottles of Clements Tonic, and it didn't take me long^to find that the nurses had re commended me the proper and a good remedy. From the time of starting with Clements Tonic I began to put on flesh and daily to gain a little strength.' 'Did you take any other medicines?' '£o; when I started with Clements Tonic I put asiae all other medicines and stuck to that en tireiy. I was delighted to find that by the use o£ this remedy I continued to very steadily improve. I could soon eat splendidly. I got a fair appetite. I slept soundly. Previous to taking Clements Ton ic my sleep was very unrefreshing — but now I al ways got a perfect night's rest. I felt cheerful, and as though there was more vitality in me. I continued to improve in this way till I had com pletely recovered my lost flesh, and was as strong as before my illness.' 'And this is the result of Clemens Tonic sole ly?' 'Yes; I can say positively, without the least exaggeration, that it did all this for me. it built me up from a physical wreck to a man full of strength and vigor.' 'I suppose a great many people know of this?' 'Yes, it's pretty well known.' 'And you have no objection to our paper making it still further known?' 'Notthe least in the world.' 