AN EXECUTIONER'S MISERABLE LIFE Down in tho littlo wine-shop near La Roquette, I met Dciblor, 'Francois,' ' MouBieur do PariB ' — take any name you liko, but always ' Francois ' in privato life. A chance meeting with ono of the police agents had led to the certainty of seeing the j famouB executioner, and the possibility of ! having an interflow. The latter hopo failed 1 at the very onset. Ho came quietly into the bar, looking sad and wearied out, for, six i hours before, he had cut off tho head of some poor dovil down in the provinces. He ahook hands cordially with my acquaintance, and, on his introduction, treated mu with juBt aB friendly a grip. I saluted him as Monsieur Francois, for to mention the name of Deibler would be to reveal his idontity in a quarter of ' Paris whero tho inhabitants would maul him in tho twinkling of an eyo. As I said, the interview failed. Deibler saw that I waB ' an Englishman, and in spite of the menda cious assurances of my companion that I had nothing to do with journalism, he drank up his glass of light wine, and excused him self on the ground of an appointment. My companion continued: ' You havo only failed where everyone elso has failed. Youeould not get an interviow with that man. In his heart ho loathes his occupation, but it would be impossible for him to change it. Although ho has done nothing but carry out the orders of judgo and jury, he is exe^ crated as though he boro the whole renponBi bility of the death.' Here I interrupted .him, for tlie face of Monsieur de Paris faacinated me. Without the slightest indication of any force of charaoter.and with eyes that seemed full of kindness, It had struck me as being extraordinary that the neatly- dressed man, with a frock-coat buttoned up to the chin, and the carefully brushod whiskers, could without a shiver see that awful fountain of blood that follows the fall of the knife. I put this to my companion. ' You are wrong, and yet right,' ho said. ' Deibler suffers terribly when he enters the prison in the morning, and I have been present at one of those scenes. The Governor reads over to him the particulars of the crime which tho condemned man is called upon to expiate. Deibler is as white as a ghost, and every muscle in his face is twitch ing! Then a remarkable change comes over the man. He becomes furiously red, and you might imagine that he was anxious and even glad to play his part in avenging the crime. He himself takes no part in tlie strapping up of the condemned man, and leaves that to his sons. He only looks on. AVhon the criminal is tilted up ho simply regards the knife, and the instant that it is falling he turns away, and disappears mysteriously. The execution always takes place at the first approach of dawn, and ho is far away long bofore the sun is up. There aril not a scoro even in the quarter of La Roquette who know him. I asked, says the same writer in ' To day ' what was Deibler's life in Paris,- and I was assured that it was a simple hell. He recently took a villa in one of the suburbB under an assumed name, but his identity leaked out. Tho whole of the inhabitants in the street threatened to leave unless he changed his address. He subsequently found a homo for himself iu a quiet hotel, but again he was identified, and his belongings were put down in the hall by the proprietor. To appear in the St. Antoine quarter in PariB would be simply'to play for death, and the quiet, kindly-looking man, whose only idea is to kill without any hitch.is little more than an Ishmael. He drinks only the lightest wines, smokes only the mildest tobacco, and, in the company of his friends, becomes the brightest of conversationalists. 'When I marry,' said a budding school girl, ' I'll marry a tall, fine looking man.' 'There's where you're wrong, ais,' said her more practical sister/ 'You'll have leBS trouble watching an ugly man, and enjoy more of his company.' 