MtciAw: 'IShort, Sharp, Shiny.' Our railways seem to be paying well. The Boers Jiave now occupied .James town. An old lady burnt to -death at Nor wood. The population of Adelaide is about 40,637. There has been more fighting at Lady smith. The stamp duties show an increase of £1,205. liord Kitchener is in pursuit of the Khalifa. Colonel Gordon will be back in Adelaide next week. The Dreyfus horror is not to be allowed to drdp yet. A further advance of values prevailed at the wool sales. The Kaiser met with a hearty reception at Portsmouth. The Boer forces in Kiinberley now wear khaki uniforms. Captain F. W. Holder has been placed on the retired list. The 1st Life Guards have been ordered to South Africa. Mr. John Tait, of Port Pirie, haB had a run of bad luck. Splendid sample of wool offered at the sales on Monday. Various countries represented by buyers at the wool sales. Send in your orders early for the Christ mas 'Chronicle.' Mr. P. McM. Glynn broke his collar bone on Tuesday. During September there were 808 births in South Australia. Bavx: you secured a copy of 'The Ad vertiser' war map? The Premier has been entertaining the people of Yankalilla. The ship Seavritch, at Wallaroo, was dis covered to be on fire. The Christmas 'Chronicle' this year will be a splendid number. A statue of Oliver Cromwell has been un veiled at Westminster. Since July 1 the Customs receipts have amounted to £222,162. Since July 1 the Customs ? receipts have amounted to £212,173. The affiliated institutes in existence on June 30, 1899, was 157. England's greatest surgeon will attend the wounded in Natal. This year's Christmas 'Chronicle' will be a splendid number. The Governor received an enthusiastic welcome at Port Pirie. The excitement over the gold discovery at Angaston is abating. The Maylands Lodge case will be taken again on .November 27. The working of the Land Act discussed at Petersburg last week. — A legacy of £100 paid to the Adelaide Hospital representatives. The British troops are marching rapidly to the relief of Kimberley. The alluvial trouble at lvalgoorlie has assumed a serious aspect. West Australia will soon produce 3,000,000 oz. of gold yearly. The visit of the Emperor to England is very unpopular iu Germany. Captains Marsham and Peciiell have been killed in the Transvaal war. Kangaroo haunches will probably never find a ready sale in London. The Yarrawonga will call at South Africa on her way to London. The exhibition of Australasian pictures is still drawing large attendances. Be sure and send in your orders early for the Christmas 'Chronicle.' It is difficult to distinguish the Boere from the English at Kunberley. The war correspondent of the 'Morning Post' is a prisoner at Pretoria. Twenty-six transports with 27,000 men have now arrived at Cape Town. A fortnight's work by a party at the Angaston goldfieJd returned £500. Dr. R. S. Rogers has administered anaesthetics in at least 4,000 cases. How long is it going to take the United States to conquer the Philippines? The proposed American hospital ship is being warmly supported in Sydney. British prisoners at Pretoria complain of having to eat inferior tinned meat. President Kruger is beginning to see what a colossal mistake he has made. The Natal Volunteers have been doing magnificent work against the Boers. There was a large attendance at the Mount Barker sports on the holiday. The British captured two waggon loads of 'the enemy's guns and ammunition. Fifteen alluvial miners arrested at Kal goorlie have been taken to Fremantle. A petition presented for the release of William Nelson Livesey, of Gladstone. The Northern Territory railway cannot be said to be a profitable undertakinp. The search for the missing schooner Wol verine in New Zealand has been futile. France is going to spend a lot of money in development work at New Caledonia. Up to the end of September there had been 7,260 births in the colony this year. Our turkeys brought from 5/ to 7/6 in London and our fowls from 2/3 to 2/6. The largest gun in the British army is the 16.25-in. breech-loading 111-lon gun. M. Deroulede goes down for thres months for insulting the French President. A steam-plough is being sent to South Africa for the purpose of cutting trenches. The Christmas ?'Chronicle' will contain some excellent stories by the best writers. It is estimated that the rise in wool has been wortli £350,000 to South Austra lia. When Buller gets to work 'The Adver tiser' war map will be exceedingly use ful. On Monday 19,000 bales of wool .were offered for sale, being the largest this sea son. Residents of Petersburg want a sub way constructed at the local railwaysta tion. Applications for gold-dredging leases have to be accompanied by the first year's rent. The Empeior of Germany can only ac cept Royal hospitality during his English visit. The Kaiser cannot remain long in Eng land owing to pressing affairs of State at home. A large proportion of men left Barossa owing to their, inability to stand the work. ?' The Gawler Council has a bonded debt of £3,600 and has to pay 4 per cent, in terest. * . A splendid report concerning the frozen poultry sent to London from Adelaide re cently. According to-De Rougemont, the Swiss marriage laws are delightfully accommo dating, - The German Government have detained 18 RU116 intended lor use against the British. Surely France would not be so mad as to wish to fight because a steamer has been stopped. Mr. Dashwood wants the GovernmenS to take care of helpless natives or half- caste orphans. - ; ? The Leonids, or .meteoric showers, were not seen in Great Britain owing to cloudy weather.. The latest news from the Wilgeha field is very encouraging, says a Port Augusta telegram. The Mayor of Port Pirie eaya the town is democratic. 'So is England, said Lord Tennyson. ' ,. ? Mrs. Sarah Stfatton, aged 80. died some what suddenly at Kefmode-Btreet on: Thursday. The judge refused to cite a case for fur ther argument in connection with the Tuc ker appeal. - ? ?' ? The addresses of Tjoth Houses on the Fe deration question have been submitted to the Queen. The third man concerned in the recent, conspiracy case is now an inmate of Scot land Yard. Mr. David Young selected out of 54 appli cants for the position of sanitary inspector for the city. The Archer-street Diamond Jubilee ser vices were brought to a close on Tues day evening. Mr. Henry Richardson, who arrived in the colony in 1854, died at Saddlewortb. on November 11. The Governor visited the Broken Hill Proprietary works and the hospital while in Port Pirie. Burglars have been, busy at Tom Hales?« house in Victoria, and have carried off two valuable cups. More experiments are being made with, wireless telegraphy' in connection 'with naval warfare. The enemy has blown up the Tugela bridge to hamper operations for the relief of Ladysmith. / Sir George White declares that the Lady smith troops can hold out for a couple of months longer. The Children's Hospital report showed that there had been 663 in-patients treat ed during the year. Medical students of the Adelaide Univer sity are admitted to the practice of the Childrenrs Hospital. The magnificent steamer Majestic has been chartered as a troopship by the British Government. A parcel of 43 tons 10 cwt. from the Lucky Hit mine, Mount Pleasant, returned 30 oz. 13 dwt. 14 gr. Major-General Downes has been ap pointed Military Commandant for Victoria at £1,250 per annum. An October record was established last month in Victoria bv the export of 5,822,540 1b. of butter. * West Australia is fast approaching the time when her gold production will rival that of the Transvaal. The steamer tAramac passed through a duststorm at sea while on her way from Queensland to Sydney. Colonel Stuart was very complimentary lo the members of the Medical Staff Corps on Saturday afternoon. The financial report of the District Trained Nursing Society shows a balance in hand of nearly £400. Mr. Justice Boucaut was of opinion that Mr. Tucker had resided at Goohva within the meaning of the Act. The Governor says- the Children's Hospi tal is one of the best he has had the plea sure of visiting anywhere. General Sir Charles Warren knows per haps more than anyone else about the Boer methods of fighting. A sample of barley grown in the Ninety Mile Desert has been received by the Com missioner of Crown Lands. The cowardly Boers have fired on the Catholic Sanatorium at Ladysmith while the Geneva Hag was flying. 'Homeward Bound' is the title of the beautiful picture that ie to be issued with the Christmas 'Chronicle.' When the gold-dredging machinery is sent to the Territory the railway will pro bably yield a better return. The publishers of the 'Age' and 'Aus- tralasian' each had to pay £100 for com menting on the Jackson case. Mr. Roffe Searcy has been secretary of the Brighton Blind, Deaf, and Dumb In stitution for the last 2G years. Sir John Colton lias been president of the Brighton Institution for the Blind, Deaf, and Dumb for 17 years. On September 1 the population of the. colony, exclusive of the Northern Terri- ? tory, was estimated at 364,785. Mr. Oliver suggests that the name of Sir Joseph Banks should be associated with the name of the Federal capital. The natives of Point Pierce object to the system of licensing and control pro vided for in the Aborigines Bill. There were 3,150 deaths in South Aus tralia proper during the first nine months of this year, against 7,2G0 births. James Monnghan, a seaman of the Eliza beth, met with an accident on board as the vessel was approaching the Port. If poultry -breeders wish to obtain high prices in London they should ship their stock between January and June. On Monday last Mr. J. Tait, part-owner of the wrecked Lucretia, arrived from -the Wept just in time to see kis wife die._ After the assault on Mafekiti.^ on Novem ber 7 the Boers were engaged for two lioara in removing their dead and wounded. Captaii ^orieevrrpen. of the barque Hes per, was determined to steer his vessel through the storm without assistance. Mr. A. Oliver, who is to report on the available siteR in New tSouth Wales for the Federal capital, has an unpleasant task. During the September quarter the rail way earnings amounted to £304,000, and the' working expenses came to £153,300. 'Homeward Bound' is the title of the supplement to the Christmas 'Chronicle/* Apply early for a copy or you may miss The perpetrator of the AVelleeley outrage made a confession, in v-hich he described what happened when he assaulted Miss Huie. Alderman Larken loet^ his life on Satur day morning in returning home from a council meeting at Ryde, New South Wales. The attitude of a certain section of the British pirblic with regard to the memory, of that great Englishman, Oliver Cromwell, is despicable in tlie extreme. A man was discovered in a lake at Bal larat, and when assistance arrived he called out, 'Leave me alone. I want to 6huffle off this mortal coil.' Great consternation has been caused amongst miners at Blayney, New South Wales, by the visitations of a ghost in one of the shafts of a copjwr mine. 