THE HERMIT DF THE CLIFFS. CHAPTER XIV. EI,YA SNOWE. 'I see a little merry maiden With laughing eyes and sunny hair — With foot H8 free as mountain fairy, ? .' And heart and spirit light as air.' Tho gray daylight vraB fading onfc of the ?[all sky. Tho wind sounded inexpressibly dreary as it moanod through the dark, fragrant pines^ Far in tho west, a rod, fiery streak glowed among the dark, leaden clouds, like a Burning lino dividing heaven and earth. ^Dreary and sad was the scone without ; but Store dreary and sad wore tho thoughts of Bdith, as she sat watching the approaoh of night; Tho gloom around and above was con genial to her feelings ; and, lost in thought, she heeded not the waning hours, until all Within and without was wrapped in a mantle Of pitchy darkness. The entrance of Nan Crow, with her suppor Ond a light, roused hor at last. The old troman soomed, unusually cross and out of Jhtunor ; and after essaying in vain to make her answer her questions, Edith relapsed into silence. With, a sharp command not to 'sit Jaoping there like a ghost, a . burning o£ candles, but to co to bed.' she wont out. jjlamming tho door after her. Hor command was unheeded ; for, soatod at tho window — -lior burning forehead pressed against tho cold panes, Edith remained till morning. It was a strange scene — that long, Ohadowy room, so poorly furnished, and that young girl soatod at the window, hor faoo whiter than the robo she wore. Tho candle gutteaed and burned dimly, with a long black wick, capped by 'a fiery - crest, until it wont out altogether,, leaving the room onvolopod in tho deepest gloom. . ??'?' ; So passed the second night of Edith's cap tivity. Morning found hor palo, spiritless, and uttorlv desnairintr. She know well Do Iiisle would keep his word. And what could Bhe— a weak, powerless, girl — do to provont him P Naturally timid and accustomed to magnify dangers, sho could see nothing but despair, look which way sho would. To rebel Would bo, useless, aud without an effort she yielded ;to utter dojeotionl At times, Bho COuld'be brave enough, when labouring undor oxcitomont of any kind ; or when, after listbning to her vohoment sister, sho would imbibp part of hor spirit ; but those rare intervals wore always followed by a listloss jiosb and timidity greater than boforo, Tho sun arose in anolouded splendour. Every triflo of 6hb former day's dullness had passed away, and Nature once more lookod Ibright and beautiful. ? Tho chirp of tho birds In the pine woodB reached hor oar, but, for ?the first time, sho listened with pleasure. AH was snd and desolato within hor heart, and ilio joyous splendour of that summer sunrise Was to her foolings like 'vinegar upon »itro.' Sndddnly, tho sound of a gay voice oarolling roaohod hor oar. It was such an unusual Bound that she lookod out, altogothor startled from hor dreamy lothai'gy of sorrow^ What Was hor surprise to bohold, omorKiug from tho woods, a young girl on horseback. From the distanco nt which sho eat sho oould not yorv Oasily discern her foaturos, but sho saw her sit on hor horse liko a practised ridor.1 Hor long Jiair hung in braids dvor her shoulder's; tiod With stroamors of bright ribbon. In onohand bLo hold a whito eunbonnot, swinging it caro losBly by tho strings, as sho shouted, rathor than sang, some wild . mountain chorus, or talked at intervals to hor horse,.' ? Edith.oould plainly hoar hor, as hor words oamo borne on tho air : ?? ' ? ' ?'?? . '? ' ' Oomo, Timon, my boy,' dlio said, patting lioi' horse on tho nook, f' hurry' up, or old Nan Grow will givo you and mo. fits. Too fcad, isn't it, you and mo have to go and livo 3n that diBmal old barn of a house P but ordors jntiBt bo oboyod, you know, Timon. Doaiy jno as that quoor old maid used to say,1 \- wonders will novor ooaso, I boliovel' Who in tho world would' ovor think of taking a brido to that horrid old ? holo P And so Do Xiislo is really going to bo married ! ? Well, I jaover ! father says nho isn't dying about him; oithor — which I don't wonder at,. I'm suro, for I 'can't boar him. I'd like to soo her, and know what my futuro mistress lookB liko. Oomo, goo up, Timon, my son; I'm ttnxiouB to oatch a glimpso of old Nan Crow's Jjoautiful faoo,' and i-hoar her musical, Borooohing voice. Who knows but wo'll noon Boo my lndy horsolf, and I'm dying to havo a Boon at hor, so got along, my boy; Elva's in a bnrry.'1' -'???? - ^-' ??????' ?' ? ''-' / ' '' ??' And urging hor horse into a quick cantor, iho girlrodo oii, siijging at tho top of hor Voioo. ' .' ''Who can sho boP' thought Edith— ?'Elva, Elva! tho name ib familiar. Yes, Wow I romombor, Do Lislo spoke of Bonding *ao a girl of that nnmo [ Elva Snowe, I think, ho oallod hor. Sho spoko of ooming horo, ' too, so it must bo tho samo.. I hopo it is, sho ?will nt loasfc provo a more pleasant companion Jhun that orosB old woinau.' .. ', ' For nearly an hour, Edith sat expecting to see her enter, bat in vain. At length, just as she was about to despair of seeing her, tho outer bolts were withdrawn, and the door was unceremoniously opened, and tho young girl stood before her. Edith fixed her eyes on the other, and scrutinised her from head to foot, The new comer was small, below middle height, round and plump in figure, aud looking to the best advantage in tho crimson silk basque which sho wore. A short, black skirt, which conveni eutly displayed a pretty littlo foot and ankle, completed hor costume — which, though look ing rather odd to tho eyes of Edith, had the merit of being very becoming. Her face was decidedly pretty, though browned a little by exposure to sun and wind. A low, smooth forehead, blooming cheeks and lips, merry grey eyes, a piquant littlo nose, that turned up with saucy indepoudenc', and little, whito teeth, made up the tout ensemble of the little lady. ' Good morning,' she said, pleasantly, evidently favourably impressed with tho out ward appearance of Edith, ' I have brought you. your breakfast.' 'So I perceive,' said Edith. ' I was afraid I was about to be favoured with an other visit from that deaf old lady who has hitherto attended me.' 'Yes, old Nan Crow,' said tho girl, laugh ing. ' Isn't sho a horrid old caso p I havo the greatest fun with hor sometimes. Did yourOver hoar. 8ucX&.y,9.ice ?^ Liko a penny ?whistle, .for all tho wprld.''v*TEon ' changing' her tone to a. sharp screech, painful to listen to, sho began : , ' I'm Miss Crow, housekeeper and super intendent for Mister Ralph. Yes, um! I laid awake all last night with tho rumatiz in tho small of my back !' 'That's sho exactly,' said Edith, with something liko a smile passing over her pale face, 'though it's quite abominable of you to take hor off in that manner.' ,. 'Sho novor stops scolding me from tho time I oomo hero until I leave.' said tho other, 'and, indeed, I rathor doservo it some times, and it doeB one good to get a blowing; up once in a while. My! if she can't scold it's a wonder — it's really a comfort to hear hor, for every word oomes from the bottom of her heart. The only pity is, that I'm not hero often to listen to her. ': ' Do you not livo here ?' inquired Edith. ' ' Live hore ! Bless you, no ! I wouldn't livo in this loncsomo old plaoo for any amount of money, at least, any amount I'd bo like to get for doing so. No, indeed ! I livo in tho village, eight or nino miles from hero, and splendid times we have, I can tell you at least we had, until this detestable war commenced^ and all the young men wore provoking enough to go off and bo killed. Heigho ! Isn't overy thinjj still hero? One can't hear a thing bat tho swaying pines and tho birds. It's a splondid day, too.' Id love to havo a good gallop over tho hills this morning.' 'Pray, don't let me keep you hero,' said Edith. 'I wouldn't deprive you of tho plea sure on any account. I will not need -any attendance during the day, Miss Snowe — , Isn't that your name ?' ' . .' . ' Yes, Elvona Snowe, but everybody calls mo Elva, for short ; you needn't mind calling me miss, I ain't used to it, and Elva sounds bettor.' : ' Then, Elva, do not lot me deprive you of that coveted rido. Go, by all raoanB.' v''- ? ' You'ro very good, but I .' guoas ? I won't mind it to-day. 'I'll, stay with you,1, if', you, have no objection; Do' Lislo will be horo_ by-and-by, and, until ho comes, I will 're- main.' ? ? '? . ; ? ' '-: ?'.'?? ' ?? '.,i;': ' How long are you to remain horo ?' in quired Edith. 'Dear knows,' said Elva, suppressing a yawn, ' not long I hope, for I'd bluo- mould, niBt, or something olso equally dreadful, if I had to stay in1 this dull, old tomb. Why everything's as still horo as if wo wore1 in. our graves.'' ??????? ??? ' -'; ? ? ? ???????? ??? ? :- . .?? 'It is' still,' said Edith, 'What is tho cause P Does no one livo horo but Mrs. Crow?'' ?:??-? ? ?',-'?? ?? ???. .- ???;? ??.?? 'Oh ! ? dear, yos !' said Elva, ' butthiB is a wing of the building off by ; itself. It's a sort of . double house, with two front doors,1 and oonnootod together by a long hall. In tho o tli or ond, Do Lisle and some of his ' men stay when they are hero, and you havo this part nil to yourself. Old' Nan is their only servant, except sometimos when De Lisle brings somo of hid, friends hero, big-bugs you know, English officers, tho'n I have to oomo hero and holp hor. ???.'? ' Thori this placo is not hiddon in tho woods P' . said Edith, 'and is' visitod by others bosido De Lisle and his man.' 'La! yos. Generals, aud colonels, and captains, not to speak of liontouants and aido-do- camps, oomo hoi'o in droves, somo timos, and spend whole nights in a carouse. Thoy generallystay in tho other wing of the building ; this part ' hasn't boon muoh used for years.' / 'And so forms a saf or prison for mo,' sighod Edith. ?'.'.? ; ,' Why, yen, I Bupposo bo,' said Elva. ' But I guoss you won't bo horo long. I heai'd Do Lislo tolling, my father, that after, ho was marriod, ho intondod ? gotting your money, and sending you hbraq.'' ,' 'Your father !' o'oliood Edi»ih, 'who is' .ho?' ?- ; .',:., . , ? ...' ....' ' Oh I ho's only' Do . Lislo's lioatonant, Paul Snowo's Iub namo, but ho has a good doal of influonoo ovor tho raon, and pvor Do Lislo himsolf, for that mai tor. Only for himj you may be suro, I wouldn't bo horo j for I hdto Do Lisle aB I do sin, and wouldn't oaro a straw for his orders. But I'm a littlo afraid of father! and have to mind what ho say's, you 'know: though I'd much rathor follow my' own swo'ot will, and ,; stay in tho' village, and havo fun, than comb horbj and wait on Do Lislo and, thoso dashing offloors ho brings noro. . ; . , ' And your mother, whoro is sho P' . askod. Edith. ! , ? ?:i ' Dead,' said Elva, sadly, ' sho died wlion , I was a child. I havo only a faint recollection of hor as a palo, stately, woman, who used to oomo to my bbdsido and kiss mo ovory night So you boo I, grow. up tho host way I oould, without anyono to look aftol1 mo or make mo a good, girl i and so I'vo'got to bo n wild, Buri burnt, good-for-nothing romp. Oh, doar, if mothorliad 'livod, I'd Tiayo boon a difforont oroaturo from what I am. '?'? Sho loved ino, I know, but fathoi- novor sooms to oaro for mo, but ratlibr to, disliko nib, thau olhorwiso. , I'm liko tho millor of tho Doo : 'I oaro for no body, and nobody oaros for moj' so I don't mind. a pin what'I doi or sriy, Binoothoro's no', pno to bo gribvbd by it/ It makbsmo fool sad and IohoIvj too, soraotimbs,' and'slio sighod involuntarily. '; ,; ' ; : ' Oh, Elva! I feel that I can love you, if you will let me I' said Edith, gently takiug her baud. ' Thank you, dear Miss Percival,' said Elva looking up with glistening eyes, ' T love you already. But hark, there's a step on, the stairs. That's Do Lislo, I know, for he always takes half the staircase at a bounce. Good by now, I'll bo back after a while.' And Elva quitted tho room as De Lislo entered. (To he continued.) 