The Rush to the Stage. We have all noticed tho rush that Aus tralian girls are just now making towards the stage. Every day in the streets wo see the theatrioal ourls and flop- hats on the heads of small girls, large girls, pretty girls and plain girls, and about the stage-doors thore is ever a congregation besoiging the wearv manager for, admittance to the charmed profession. Most of them know nothing about tho business, and as a rule must forever stand without the pale and envy the happy ones who are born to the ,' boards, whose grandmother even now is playing Juliet. The wandering eye of ' Oriel' has marked this spectacle, and he \- lifts his lyre : — From the densely-peopled city and the small suburban towii, From the Nevor-Never country, whore the plainR are parched and brown, From tho distant wilds of Dttbbo or adjacent North Fit/a'oy, Where the pushes rage together with a wild unholy joy, From the lodgings of tho seedy, from the \- mansions of the bored, From the small and early places where each singer is encored, And ospeoially from Bendigo, the song bird's magic cage, The girls with tuoked-up dresses are spvinting to tho stage ; For there's never any, pinning up of skirts, And there's never any stitohing socks or shirts, And the babies need no tending and the kitchen-range no mending, On tho stage— the happy, happy stage. For washing day and sorrow never come, And the whirr of tho machine at last is dumb, There's ho smell of cabbage boiling, there's no fear of dinner spoiling, On the stage — the happy, happy stage. In fancy they have noted Ellen Terry twirling mops, They've seen as in a vision Sarah Bornhardt cooking chops, Lo, scrubbing brush in hand, the ghost of (?rrisi makes her bow, And Taglioni argues with a vegetable Ohow. Perhaps great Rachel, ere she rose a breath less house to sway, Once argued with the butcher, in the old familiar way, And others peeled potatoes ere they bloomed on history's page, So hurry up and join the rush stampeding to the stage. They say that there's champagne and ginger-pop For the luoky ones who battle to tho top 5 Fame and fortune look behind 'em— but, alas ! they've got to find 'em, On the stage— the trioky, tricky stage. 