A Bomantic Will Case A STORY OF THE LAST CEN- TURY REVIVED. QUESTION OF LEGITIMACY. ID the police cjurt yesterday (writes our London correspondent), Mr Justice Barnes delivered jadgment in the case of Mohan v Bronghton. In this caEe hire Mary Teresa Mohan, wife of Patrick Mohan, a Dublin commercial, Eued for the recall of letters of administration granted to Sir Henry Delves Broughton, Bart, of Nantwich and Eccleshall, near Stafford. Defendant applied to have the suit dismissed on the ground that it waB res judicata and owing to plaintiff's laches, and also on the ground that it was vexatious. The story, as told at the hearing of the motion, which was before the Court as far back as February 24, was that in the last century the Broughton f mily was represented by Sir Thomas Broughton, a bale old parson, who was married in Deoember, 1766, by license at Marylebone parish church to Mary Vicker. By her he had 14 child en. Among the e children was Emma Brough'on, and c the whole fortune hung on the point whether she was born before the marriage of her parents. In 1892 Mr Thomas CoghlaD, who had resided at 14, Hydepark gardenp, died, leaving property to the value of £600,000 or £700,000. Dying intestate, the next.of-kin were advertised for and the estate administered by order of the Court of Chancery by Sir Henry Delves Broughton. The baronet claimed to be first cousin of the late Mr Coghlan, and there were other cousins who, like Sir Henry, claimed relationship through Emma Broughton, tin daughter of the Rev. Sir Thomas Broughton. During the administration suit it appeared that Sir Anthony Weldon, an Irish baronet, aileged that Emma Broughton was illegitimate, and that the claimants through her were therefore debarred ; but the suit came on, and was decided in favor of the present defendant and his co-olaimants, and the estate was divided among the coueins. There was some opposition from the present plaintiff, who claimed to be a cousin onoe lemoved. Afterwards Btie commenced proceedings, but withdrew them, it being stated that she knew nothing of Sir Anthony Weldon's allegation, and therefore acquiesced that Sir Henry and the other first cousins would exclude her. She subsequently, however, commenced the present suit, in which the alleged illegitimacy of Emma Bronghton was set op. The suit was oppos«d. on the gronad that that question had bren determined in the Chancery proceedings, and farther that the plaintiff was debarred on tbe ground of laohes. Since the motion was heard, Sir Henry Delves Bronghton, who bad been living a retired life in London, has died. His lordship, in giving judgment, said be had come to the conclusion that the question was res judicata, that the plaintiff had acquiesoed Jin the Chancery proceediugs. and bad been guilty of lachts. He therefore dismissed th» suit with cos s. A writer in the Boston ' Globe' gives some facts about the Kipling household. 'It is my best judgment,' he says, ' that Mr Kipline is now receiving from 75,000dol to 100,000dol (£15,000 to £20,000) yearly from his royalties and hia literary work. I have means of knowing in a general way, and I do not bslieve the amount is exaggerated. Mr Kipling is a generous spender, but I should be surprised if his entire personal and family expenses exceeded 10,000dol (£2,000) Yee he is fairly frugal. Mrs Kipling is an excellent financier.' The nineteenth century is providing us with plenty of sensations before giving up the ghost. It seems now that we can have ? highly successful colliery explosion in oui own homes if we cannot vary the tedium rf life in any other way. One of Her Majesty's colliery inspectors has found it necessary to issue a warning to the colliery proprietors of his district on the subject of unexhausted shots in tbe mines. One of these unexhausted shots was delivered in a piece of coal to a London householder, and when it was put in the grate and was ignited a first-clasa explosion followed. Possibly, being some distance from the coal-fields, we have not realised the horrois of a colliery explosion,. but we do not require the horrors to be literally brought home to us in this way. 