On and Off tue stage. WHEN the London run of Jones is over Mr. Arnold sets out for Australia. Dunedin playgoers have made up their1 minds that the Bland Holt Company will be with them in July. ?? , - . . Have people more-money'to .spend'.on their plea sures. On Saturday night the three theatres -were crowded, .The Town Hall .had a record., audience, and all the side shows of the city had their share of attention. . . AN innovation at a London theatre.is giving great satisfaction to that large section of the audience, who have to see a man between the acts. A^8,0*1^ to the conductor's desk, and in view of everybody, iff a white plaoard notifying.the length of the interval. Mb. Charles Maurice plays his old character . .. Passepartout in the'Sydney production of' Bound the , World.' The leading lady is Madame L.idiana Miaka, the daughter of a high official in the Russian army. In; private, life Bhe is the Hon. Mrs. Lawrence William Palk, her husband being eldest son to Lord Maldon. , MB. Bland Holt had his " record " house one'night last week, when the demand for stalls was so great that the pit was thrown open at stall prices. Even that was insufficient to meet requirements, as the overflow found its way to. the family: circle at the higher tariff, while the dress circle could have been filled twice over. YOUNG -Vernon, son of the popular Howard Ver non, can already be called a man of many parts. Disguise himself as he may by changes of make ujp it is easy to recognise his round comedian's face in-at least half a do^en characters in The Belle of New York. Curiously enough he has a worthy mate in the Bland Holt Company in Charlie Wheeler, who has a good dejil to say during the performance by his different opinions in different characters. Wheeler was a promising National Gallery student before he joined the .Bland Holt Company, but he drifted into amateur acting and thence to the stage. ; . MB. George C. Miln, the American tragedian who played Shakespeare "all over the-colonies some years ago, is now writing up his experiences for a London paper. Mr. Milne has pla,yed all over the world and was the first to stage a complete Shakespearian play in the Japanese empire; but the financial result of his faithful adherence to the " Bard of Avon" has been quite in accordance with the rule \to which Henry Irving is. the only .present day exception. Mrs. Miln's (Miss Louise Jordan) weird and thrilling impersonation of Ophelia, in the mad scone, will long remain fresh in the memory of Melbourne theatre- goers- . Mr. -Harry Kickards announces a complimentary matinee to Miss Pattie Browne next Wednesday afternoon at the Bijou. Miss Brovrne has just re covered from a long and severe illness, and her many friends in Melbourne are desirous of giving her some substantial token of their liking, before she sets out for. England. A capital programme is. promised by most of leading talent from the various theatres, and the clever little'favourite herself will appear in an act from The Qonntry Girl, the old fashioned oomedy in which, it will be remembered, she won so much distinction under the Brough Boucicault management. THIS Melbourne Concert Company, consisting of Misses Fanny and Lottie Williams, and Louie Sims, Messrs K.''.S, i'errier, Aleo Roxburgh,, Joseph B. North (Violinist) and W. E. Green (Comi que) had a very successful tour through South Gippsland during Laster week. Concerts were given at Loch, Korumburra and Leongatha, and at each place the Company met with an enthusiastic reception, more especially at Leongatha, where ft seoorid concert was given in response to numerous requests. Miss i'anny Williams and Louie Sims were received with marked apprioation all through, but Mr. Joseph B; North was the gem of the whole tour, his selections being received with raptures, Mr. W. 22. Green greatly pleased the audiences with his oomic songs, and the Company is assured of a hearty welcome baok to the district. The tour was well managed Mr. E. L. I-lolmes. Thh stage-struck heiress has up till now been the ' vara, ctvin beloved of Melbourne managers. 1 Sh&^occa sioned plenty gossip, brought jjlonty people to the theatre, and her importunities could generally be put oil' with plonty of promises, Bui; alio ia'doomed., Her rival, man, lias usurped her place, and now the stage-struck heiress has to givo plaoa to the stage _ struck heir. One Melbourne Company boasts the possession of a jolly young bachelor with .£260 a voar. His income used to be more and may be again when times look up. He has a very good voice too,, and drawing room hostesses are just as keen over him as ever. As it is perilously near the dancing season, several hearts are beginning to be anxious, and people are commenting on the cussednoss of things which abstracts one more " eligible trom the already fast diminishing group. ? MB. George Miln, the Shakspearian actor who ran ithe Melbourne Opera House a few years ago, has been giving his experiences to a London paper. One >of them explains, the origin of a new reading in Hamlet. Mr. Miln says I remember one incident which shows how, close disaster^treads in the toot steps of success. The lady who played the Queen, a handsome and accomplished woman, was more nervous than I. In the " closet" scene she managed, in some incalculable manner, to twine the train of her white ro.be about my feet just as the Ghost appeared on the 4< o.p«". side. . As X started back, exclaiming Save me and liovor o'or mo with your-wlugs, Youlieavojily Guards I-. I, of course, tripped and fell. Quick as a flaah rosolved that I must make that accident appear in the light of intended " business " : and so, leaning on one hand and making no attempt to wse, I continued the line "VVliafc would your gracious HgUHo ? Arid was rewarded by a round of applause for the "innovation." .. Mil. Harry Packard's oompany at tlie Bijou uphold the reputation they have won for their varied enter tainment. Miss Peggy Pryde is perhaps the most successful of the stars, as her humor appeals to every section of the audience. People want to laugh, they pay their money to laugh, and the little oomedienne sees that they get their money's worth. Lieutenant Frank Travers has easily made good his claim to be^ thought the best ventriloquist a Melbourne audience has heard, just as Mr. Horace Wheatly's pre-eminence in step dancing is unquestioned. Mr. Wheatley's songs go just as well as his dancing, Mr. Fred Pop-i lar and Miss Kitty Wager have the satisfaction of knowing their last week in Australia has brought out all their friends tc» give them an encouraging send off. Mr. Will Whitburn retains his popularity; in a surprising way, considering the number of his rivals. The musical act of the Leslie Brothers is an unusually clever bit of work. Even stern disciples of Wagner may be seen to smile grimly when.one\ Leslie helps the other Leslie to produce a weird strain from what seems to be a piece of perforated, spouting. Dancers like Miss Delroy and Miss Lynne and singers like Mrv Hamilton Hill, Mr. Fred Dun can and Miss Hetty Patey have won .their way to success by the thorough way they acquit themselves. Among other favourites of the week are Pope and Saylos. Miss Lorrio St Goorge, Miss Florrie 3Jau ger, Mr. J. Beresford and Mr. Fred Leslie junior. A matinee is given every Wednesday. SINCE Mr. George liignold made a hit as the Mephistophelian Paolo Macari in Galled' Bacl'c, or perhaps further away still, when Mr. Wybert lieove shone as Count Fosco in Tho Woman in White, the aoting fraternity have been crany to play parts with "accents." Three-fourths of them regard an " accent" as tho usual appendage to a foreigner, but whether he be Viennese, French or Spanish matters little. The actor's accent does riot vary. But when, more than one in a company has aji *" accent," the manager's path may certainly be strewn with roses, but the thorns are uppermost.. It happened in Federalia that when the parts were given out no less than three people had "acoents," two of them women. Then the trouble began. Each one wanted the other to omit the accent and each one refused. Then the gentleman with an acoent ranged himself on the side or the lady who had a pre-emptive right to aocents all along and lodged an objection at hea'd quarters. The ootifusipn was made tuore confounded from the fact of the locale of the play being .in a foreign country, where EagliSh is the oufcrent tonguo, The mariagor got out of the diflloulty by saying they, would all have to follow their parts and go by prompt book direction. From that there was no appeal. But it has been good for the piece, as eaoh one tries to have a tnoro ell'eotivo accent than the other.' ' Woman and Wino is literally bringing thousands to tho Itoyal, It is another Whito Hoalher aa far aa suocoss goes, though it' lags considerably behind that drama in merit, Bub what matter aa Jong as it draws P There is\an abundance of coinody.and plenty of laughter. A\hilarious father-in-law in a wig, a sporting bride pdaing as a -deihure widow, a young husband masquoiwling ns a schoolboy, and a live baby, that blinks wi^ndoringly over tljo foot lights-such is tho comod.V group comprised of Mr and Mrs. Bland Holt, Mr. NJInirJoH Hrown, and the infant aforesaid. Small wonders that the Iuughter is uproarious ! The dramatic part the necessary moral are well eianba<.i.;o? , Elizabeth Watson, Mr. Baker, Mio! ^ & Gill, Mr. Albert Normun, and Mr -81% Prances . Ross' and Miss Adeia the picturesque element, and jw v "5 lioifard is a new and felicitous i"t to plays of-this bind, fer a good soni* ahi"! i1'51 The whole . town is talking of A.ys pleteness of the spectacle. For whothe > C"J' steeplechase with realistic iumpin<<\aflnJi 1,9 > a Japanese ball, on trial for murder, there detail wanting to aid the climax of color J* !0t| peatedly bursts on the spectators. The a "lch ". bet seen under changing lights from Krev a! sunny day has a fascination not readilv and the. novelty of the Japanese scene wit?!1 neverrceasing action of the throng in fore«rouni background,, causes a buzz of the utmost R,i,n;. ;av| Nor should-Miss'Beanie Gellatly bo forgottenil chorus.of-praise for her efficient arrangement If» ballet. Very Few dancers have the talon t For,, ing out a ballet, and Miss Gellatly well moritT applause. : 15 c» The Belle of Now York,much morosvtnmHbiTi., "sparkling than at first, has filled in a verv.!! fortnight at the Princess, and the extravai may be said to1 be ac'clhnatined. Tho maimT® have secured. an admirable leading lady inn"' : Louise Hepner, whose pretty face has smiled" way into everybody's goodwill. There is soma elegance and' refinement about her work, ands^v! distinct capacity for higher things that it would be a whit surprising if the near future found 1 established in the Gilbert-Sullivan shool of om[V Frankly speaking, it would be pleasanter to soe George Leslie in a good comedy than in the proieii production. . Fancy, the lack of resource of dramatist who compels hia hero to stand inactirj during whole scenes I and this is Mr. Leslie's fat lie may not iin#rovize business, because that wouil interfere with somebody else, and he cannot makeu exit, because the author has docided othorwia, When Mr, Leslie gets any sort ot' opportunity uses it, but bricks cannot be made without attai .The grotesque make-up and imperturbablo humoai of; Mr, Oscar Girard have caught tho general fantj arid hfe has becoffie a recognized favourite. To " JDibn't you\ know P Gan't you guess?" son« has addeed another, which gains evorytlia from h>s droll .way'of making his points. Thw is tremendous rivalry between importod local talent in Mr. J. E. Bo we and Mr. TralM Foster. Both have important songs within a minutes of each other. Mr, Foster has uudoniakli the better voice, but Mr. Ilowe pronouueoj hii words so well that he gets more effect out of lii singing. " Here's to Good Old Glory" would fe another " Sons of the Seaif Mr. Ij'oster had! better enunciation. ? i.Mr, Albert AVholan in tlira disguises always manages to hit oil' a chiiracte cleverly. He is good as the Chinamiu and I'Voml cook, who appear for a moment only, but he ii specially sinart as the. Yankee reporter of rabidl) yellow journalistic tendencies; Indood, his burlosqw interview is one of the cleverest things in tho piece, arid is worked up brightly by all concerned, Ihi nine-times married prima, donna-a sido- tbrust ats reigning comic opera queen-is a brisk young pet soriaige in Misa Louise lioyco'B hands, Miaa iw Bucklih has tnade a, hit AVith her " lady from ff 'Paree" song,' and . Miss Marguerite Forgusoii ecceritric.dancing receives as many ouooros »s Mj heart, could desire. Mr, Mo-ulton is a ^igilsr musioal direetor, arid Mr. Coventry, as 8tf)2 manager, never allows the business to.be anytnmj but animated. , 