How Ruth Won Her Heritage. BY LMos. G. Snot?c.o, A&thoeo; of "The Missing Heir of Callonby," " The lMasked Bridal," Etc. CHAPTER XLII. Mr Silaby went directly out, leaving Ralph in the care of his nurse, who camo to him as soon as he heard him coughing. Ho sought Ruth, who was anxioualy awaiting his coming on the verandah. He told her o his nterview with Ralph, and concluded by remarking : "I db not believe he can live many hours-he is vcry frail, and sadly changed. He expressed a wish that he might hee both you and Hope to- night. Did I do right to tell him I thought you would be willing to go to him 1" "Ierfectly; I will go at or.co," Ruth quietly replied. She went immediately to her room where she found Mary about to undress Hops. H"Do not put liope to bed just yet. M36ry. I want her for a few minutes," she said; and.,taking the child into her arms, she went into her own chamber and shut the door. "Darling," she said, In a tome that was far from steady, " there is a sick gentle man here who wants to see you. Mamma is going to take you to him ; but his face is all marked where is has been sore, and you most not say anything about it. Will hope mind 1" " Yes," said the child nodding gravely, and.being an unusually thoughtul child for her years Rutih felt that she could trust her. She sent Mary with a line to Mr Silaby, asking him to call for Hope at Ralph's door in about fifteen minutes; then, after making some slight changes in the girl's attire, she went straight to her husband's rooms. The nurse usahered her at once into the sick man's presuce, and, for a moment, Ruth's heart almost failed her as her eyes fell upon his wasted figure that lay on the bed, and the thin, anaken and still un sightly face that turned agerly toward her as she entered. Could it be possible that this had ever been the gay, dashing, handsome Ralph Plympton who had so won her girlish fancy during those old days at Hazelwood Heights I " This is very good of you," he panted weakly, as the nurse went out leaving them alone. " I thank you more than 1 ens express." Then his glance wandered to Hope, who was gauing at him with a grave, we.n dering look in her eyes, and a faint smile of pleasure lighted up his wan face. Ruth led the child close to his couch. \- Hope, shake hands with the gentle. man," she gently commanded, and the littlneone unhesitatingly Isidher dimpled, perfect hand upon his outstretched palm. Hi fingers closed orer it with an eager, tender clasp, his lips quivering with emotion. " Poor man t" lisped Hope in her sweet, childish tones, "have you got any little girls I' "No, dear, I am al-alone," Ralph faltered, a sharper pang than usual assailing him as he uttered that last rig nificant word " Like mamma and me," the innocent child retnrned, "my papa ha gone away, but I'veo got his picture," she added, with an air of triumph, as if that was a trea smed possession. Ralph started and glanced quickly at Ruth. "Then: she knoews:-? he began, and then stopped. "Certainly," Ruth answered; "she h?. the photograph that was taken in Paris. Ididnot think It right to wIth hold such knowledge from her." "Thank you-you were always con siderate, Ruth," ha returned, huskily. Then he chatted a few moments longer with Hope, his eyes lingering upon ?ar dainty form and sweet face with infinite tandorness. She did not appear to shrink from him at all, a circumstance for which Ruthwas very thankful, and aid several quaint, pretty things that gave him some know ledge of her precocity and enlightened him regarding the taining she was re elving from her mother. Finally there came a tap ponthedoor, and Ruth knew that Mr Silsby had come to take the child back to her room. " I am going to send her away now, while I talk a little longer with you," she said to Ralph, by way of aexplanation. Then tuni o Ho e, she added "Say good-night to the gentleman, dearie. Mr Silsby has come for yon, and Mary is waiting to put you to bed." Ralph lifted the tiny hand. that he stil held, and laid it against his hot lips, ktis ing it acfly twice. aops looted at it gravely a moment after he released it, then, waving it at him with a pretty gesture of frewell, said sweetly : 'Good- night-I sorry you are sai." And then the little one went out for ever from the presence of her father, whose keenest pang was the realisation of the fact that she was ignorant of their relationship, and that he was entitled to no recogni from her. .Rsth, after giving her into Mr Sishby's hands, returned to him, and was smitten to the soul by the expression of suffering on his face. " Now, Ralph,"she id as she sat down beside him, " is there anything I can do for you ?" " Thank you-nothing ; it is mro than I deserve that you should he willing to let me look into your face onc mcore," he said, humbly. " I am going fas:-I thill soon be done with earth. ad-I an glad. I did not thik,. when I left you that night, that I should ever see yoa a ain. ioc this on eapeoted moeting is like a little l1im-e of heaven this aide the grare. I: also ires me an opportunity to tell you some think that has loeg been in my heart that my one wish for your fotuze is that youn may be-happy. You understand me. IRath." She ;. silent. Yes, she understood him, hut her heort was ton ftll to admit of her spoakint, while the qmvering lips and the pitiful look in her eyes told h;m that there was no bitterness in her soul toward him. " There is one other thiin I would like to st.ak of- " Pray, tell mne hat it is-do not fear to speak frc?ly," she said as he hesitated, "any oiah of yours shall be acredly attenderd to." "Thank you; I do long to be laid away in my o-n country; and, since Mr Silobyie here- " " I undorstand," iathl hastily inter locd--"do not talk of it, iRalph--tho Wish ist tllici: t." uIo lifted a grateful glnce to her. " I did no oxpt Oec thi," 1o said ; " I had no thought that friends would be near me at this time; but the fact has made me reryrestfcl and content. 1 had authorisedmy servant to send a package to Ilr Si!oby for you, anld a Iottor which it cotains would have capltiuned eory thing. It will be found In my trunk, and that is all that I am going to mty to you about it. I want to speak of younrelf, Ruth," ho added, a slight smile relaxing his lips. "It seetoa that you havo becomo a- grt lay." 'h I no you know I' she exclaimeod in unrprise. "?Fes, I have read at the papers, and ara learned that yeu have won a vast nheritance," he replied. "It has read like a thrilling romance, and I am very glad; I know you will make a noble aue of your wealth. Of eourso my income will soon revert to Ilopo-you will find that the matter has been attoended to when you open the package I spoke of. hop;, the dear child will be like her mother when she grows to wcmanheood-t can wish nothing better for her. You will never tell her, Ruth-" he interposed, with an appealing lotk that almost nmade her weep. " No, Ralph, she shall never learn anything of an unpleasant nature," Ruth kindly returned. Then, seing that he was panting from weariness, aho arose. adding: " 1 must not remain any longer now, for you are very weary; but I will bring Hope to see you again to-morrow, if you wish." " Thank you," he breathed faintly, but his eyes were fastened uponher face with a look that haunted her for months with its intense yearning -its devouring heart hanger. SGood- night," she said gently; then went softly out, and with a look of tearless agony in his eyes he turned his face to the wall, murmuring: " Good-bye, love; I am ready to go now." An hour later Ralph Plympton's soul had passed from earth. He died so quietly that his nurse did not know when the end came-he thought him asleep, but when he went to give him his nourishment as usual, he found him de-d, with a dainty, faintly-perfumed handkerchief clasped in his hands and pressed to his lips. . It had fluttered from Ruth's belt and fallen upon his couch as she turned to leave his. Mr Silaby at once claimed the pri ilege of an old friend and attended to every thing that was necessary to be done for him. He had the body embalmed and then entombed to await a proper season to be conveyed to America, where, later, it was laid in the Plympton lot, beside the ill. fated young man's father and mother. Two months afterwards our frinds were back in London, where they were joinedby Basil Meredith. Aboutamonth after Ralph Plympton's death, IRth wrote to Basil of the fact, and also gave him a history of all that had occurred in connection with herself since she last saw him. 11is only reply was a cable message of five words : "May I oma toyou r And her answer flashed back-with in spiring cordiality: " Yes, come." There was no restraint in their meet ing. for each knew the heart of the other; and when Basil held outsin arms to her, the one endearing term " Sweet heart" escaping his lips. Ruth went straight to him, was folded close to his breast, and both knew that they were re united for all time. One week later they were quietly married in one of the spacious parlors of the house in which the party were stopping, and with only a few friends to witness the ceremony. Then there was an enjoyable trip to Paris. After that the Silsbys began to talk of going home.. And now came the time to decide a question which Roth had long been dreading. Where was to be herhome for the future? She did not want to resido per manently abroad, as we already know her heart was too loyal to her own coon try, and she yearned inexpressibly to live there ; and yet her large interests in England seemed to point to a duty there. " I really do net know what to do," she remarked to her husband one day, while discussing the robject. "I know what I would like to do, however," she added, smiling and flmshing. " Well, aweetheart, what you ` would like' to'do will be my aim to accom plish, if such remit is possible," Basil returned, as he fondly drew her head down upon his shoulder. -" Now, what is it, my Iady of Rothwick l' " I would like to turn Rothwick Castle into a great asylum for homeless boys," Roth returned, with uneal grauity. "-Really, Rthr' he inqulre a gravely, while he searched her fsce earnestly. " 'Really, Basil," she said. " I know.I should be terribly homesick to live in that immense place all by ourselves; there is nothing home-like about it, and our small family would be lost in such a labyrinth of halls, rooms, and passage ; hut it would make a splendid institution for the purpose I have named. The only drawback is the want of a suitable found to carry it on properly, I won der--" '"Well, dear, go on," said Basil, smiling encouragement. " Suppsro 1 should give Itothwick Castle for such a purpose, do you imnagino the Crown would endow it, or devote a certain sum annually toward the srpport of it r Puth though'fully inquirea. Basil laughed out rngulally. "Sweetheart, you are doevloi?ong rpidly,'" he raid, with playful fondnes ; " but I am somewhat amnoed when I think of all the trouh:e you have itken to seenre it, that you should become so saddenly anxious to get rid of your noble inheritance. Don't you expect to be haunted by the ghost of old Sir Amos for your anapprecsativenes Z ' " I do not imagine he will trouble me very much, especially as I hope to ma?o atonoment for some of his sins in thus doing good to others," IRth smilingly retorted. " But, seriously, Basil, what do you think of my scheme 1" 'I think it a very grend one, my darling, and I believe it can be aslm pllahed," he eanesetly respunded. "I will see what can be done hbout it immediately." Iie threw himself heartily into the work, and through the influence of some prominent men to whom he was intro duced by Temple and lenderson, the matter was brought at an early daybefoDr the proper autloritles, who eucclrded in having a gener,?s fund appropriat.od to the csvae, while the Qgcen sen: a per sonal erpression of her approbation to "the generous Lady of Pothwick, in view of the philanthropic spirit that had prompted her to devote her noble inheritane to such a grand work." Of coures, even aster that, it took a great deal of time to got everything in ronning orer ; but by. the end of the year the institution was comnleto in every department, and SBail and his wife went over to Eng ind again to be present at the formal opening and dedi cation of the "IRoth weik home for Homeless Doys," where buoh waifs were also to be liberally edlcattd and fitted for some useful sphere in life. Hops Cottage was aandonAd, in view of he larger enterprise. Will Browning and his brother were transferred to the Castle, a were asol 31r and Irs Win {slow-pe. one is not : s ^renesl Luper. Slaten:dent of the in:?cteio, t"a other a! chief metron, white rs Barstow e, wLh was her?e!f cn EenliShwo:nu ane d therefore only tto tied of a co:fertahbl! berth in her own country, became valucble azstant. it it only oee?osary to add that the enterprise becam :n meet snetestful one, rctlec:ing great crer't upon ito ph;.ilan thropie peojector, ire ita?il ?:ra;: - eho waived her ti:tlo wil the "l-e Ictheice esta-e-whEo watthed !1is develop:tment with ever-increasing pleasure andt Inte Shee, with her fat:itil, spent a porei,: of overy year at the Cae.tle, where a part of one wing had been pes;cially set a eat for thoE, and their advent was eagerly looked forward to by every individcal in the Home. Their winters were passed in Basil': elegant residence in Nor Yeerk, and the late summer and early autumn at Hasadi wood heights. In the course of time there cum e a ron and heir, eeo was chriatened Rothwick; and afterward. another dear little girl, whom RIuth named Elizabeth Allenwood. for her mother and her great grand mother. Ruth never saw ncr. Plympton again but she learned, about a year after her marriago, that the wroman was a raving maniac and an inmate of a private lunatic asylum. "1 believeo she was always morte or lees insane," she remarked, with a gentle sigh of regret; "for it does not seem possible that anyone can be sane and be ruled by seuch an ungovernable temper as sho Fortunately for her peace of mind,.shs never know what occasioned her hopeless lunacy ; bt the truth of the matter was that inee one day read in an English paper a notice of the marriage of Bsil erdith and the girl whom she hated with all the intensity of her fiery nature. Instantly she flew into a toweringrage, tore the paper into atoms, and throw them from her as if they had been burn tng brands. Then something seemed to anap in her brain, and from that hour ahoe never knew one lucid moment. Fle yearas laf aohe died, and was quietly buried by the attorney who had care of her property, and thus ended a life that had been wholly governed by selfishness and passion. It had burnt it self out, and was lost in oblivion. Will browning continued to prove him self most worthy o[ the regard of his kind friend:, Mr and Ilra Meredith, and thoir efforts inhis behalf. He was a faithful student, a noble hearted, high- principled fellow, and gave promise of becoming a good and usefal man, while his brother, under his influence, bade fair to follow in his footateps. Our story is told; and now we must take leave of the dear little woman we have grown to both love and honor, and who, supremely happy in the crsesud affection of her noble husband, and anrrounded by her beautiful and interesting children, was a living proof of the poet's truism " Blessings over wait on virtuous deeds, and, though late,a sure rewardsue eeds o . fl'so END.] 