.SKKTOICBR.' : -7 17. . :--C ... DROWNING. T Dro wnrng is a pleasant death' is a remark constantly made by those who never gulped down salt water into the delioate tissues of them lungs. Twice I have had theoppor- iod8tog of toe alleged delights attendant on death by drowning ; and on AAfih nnnnoinn i__- m. J BeuaaiiuuB, ou iuu as sensibility remained, were the reverse of pleasant: were, indeed, so painfnl that I wonder if drowning, like the drags of the pharmacopoeia, does not affeot different individuals m A fllffflMnf mannnw "Rw - oa«wa strange mental prooe3s, .toe cause of whioh I cannot explain, the earlier of toe experi- ??ce2: f am .about to relate remains by far febre vivid impteseion of too two, although too second was fifteen years later than the first. Every incident, emotion, and. Sensation of toe earlier .experience constantly ' retnras to .me at night. . 7JThe second remains , in oblivion unless I voluntarily and pur-' pcscly reoall the circumstances to my mind,' aad then the picture called up is a conscious effort of tne memory ;toot too vivid and stirring panorama of an event which even now I am involuntarily Compelled to Witness anes\ ,-and from whioh I oannot esoipe by any effort of the will. The earlier incident, in all its externals, is Commonplace enough. As a "lad >1 was bathing in rough weather ou the beaoh of a watering plaoe to Northern France. >7 Swept out to . sea, I" straggled/- sank, becaime in sensible, and was s%vea Jby the courage and ssiu .01 a gallant - Frenchman— who. wrote his name that day in my mother's New Testament as a memorial of toe rescue. This- was all. The circumstances were ordinary.! A thousand such- may ooour every year. Psychologically, however, there are points of interest whioh" arise principally from- the. fact that I remember all that happened dur- tog a period of time., which may -have been four or five minutes, but whioh appeared to- -be as many hours. Almost immediately -I3 entered the water,.' the muoh- resounding; roar1 of the waves struok mo as desolating and Borrowful— full of foreboding and terror. Ashamed of this fanoy, I instinctively bat foolishly fought my way seawards, and was promptly out of. my depth; not beuause l intended to ran: any risk, .for I could not swim, but because the strong current had soooped out a hollow, in: the sandy bottom, whioh had six feet of water on the top of it. Tumbled over by the waves, the concentrated agony of the moment when the water Closed over my head - for the- first time Cannot be desoribed. It" was the bitterest point , of the -straggle. "' Cruel and omnipotent ferhe; without warn ing. or reason,' .surrounded me; and toy frantic and determined efforts to esoRpo only tooreased toe pent-np passion to Cease hold ing toy breath and to inhale qnoe more. T felt instinctively, as I writhed in the cold, , black water, that if onoe I succumbed to toe temptation to expel my breath, whioh almost burst the ribs in; iny angry efforts to. retain it; the end would octoe ; that I should be compelled to breathe towards while covered with the pressing salt "water; At this time' I must have given" way, _ and the dreaded ; stream of air- bubbles rffsa to the surface. A few weeks before I had -watched the drown- : tog of a cat in the clear water of a running stream. The animal was tethered to a stone; and had fought with ' Upturned face for liberty. When the'.. 'bubbles rose in a silver fountain from the; corners of its mouth, it stood at toe bottom swaying in the gentle Current, turned over, and /after one final straggle gave up the ghost. This scene came vividly before toe. I thought of this wretched oat, and waB half amused to think that my case was the case of the oat. There" was no fear; the aotual oiroumstauoes filled my attention; apd. th' piteous longing to escape and toe inability of my efforts sud denly beoame subbrdinated to the feeling of intolerable pato. Eyes, cheat,, limbs, were all one solid pain. Just then 1 touched the sandy bottom with toy fingers and knee, and hastily snatched a handful of sand and water to thrust to pay, 'modth to end this, struggle for air. AR I7.wanted was to end the pain. No thought Of death, exoept as an interesting and Tmtoaterial factor in the situation, oame over toe. It is tru8 that I remembered that I shonld be missed when dinner-time catoe and I was found missing ; and thinking of toe home people, I thought of a blue tie I had left on a ohest of drawers in my bedroom, wbioh - 1 had intended to pat on. Then, stiddenly, I found my eyes above water for a- seoond, and I saw two blurred figures near.: On this I sank again, and was conscious of relaxing effort and sinking out of a coneoloua state to one in whioh one dreamed without knowing what the dreams were From (this I awoke in great pain to toe .centre of a crowd on the beaoh, whither toy resoner had borne me.' My first thought , was one of infinite and nnrea8oning shame ; bat toe nausea caused by swallowing so muoh;; salt water quiokly brought me baok to earth again. On the second ocoasion, many years later, I was swimming at some distanoe from the shore m the tropios, and when ! turned in a. homeward d&eotion; 1 'found that the our- rent was too strong for/: me, and that, do what I oould; I was b'etog 'swept to an easterly direotion ; and as the coast line trended northward,' this was equivalent to being taken out to sea. . The sense of -being once more to the olntqh ' of. an omnipotent and inexorable force of the sea overwhelmed toe vrito dismay. -71 retoefobered with horrbr all. the. sensations, .that" had - attended- .my " earlier exjjerienoe of /dro wning, and to this apprehension was added the knowledge toat there w as some./though i$bt;a great, danger from sharks. T looked shorewards and sea- ' wardsj and sawtb toy (j'ojy that a smill cdral islet: or rook, a few feat/ square; lay to an easterly direotion,. and - that by husbanding my strength it .might be practicable to reaob it. , Alternately .swimming and. floating, I was overcome by, a - terrible fatignel and as - my strength failed - I .-leoame conscions of the faot that a elreat 'disaster was at hand. Almnak nVinndnnfrvcr Knna -T xwraa inwAlrin. tarily interested to contrasting the sensa tions ..experienced undfr,7toe shadovc of the death that was impending with the feelings under similar circumstances fifteen years before. It suddenly ocourred to me that if I shouted vrith all my remaining strength the sound might reaoh the shore, and that a oanoe might be manned and put out for my resoue, and toight reaoh me to time. Al though I wasnot awareofthe faotrmy cries had been heard. Half swimming, half drifting with the tide, I had managed to swallow snffioient salt water .-to produce , partial insensibility ; but by' some good fortune, and almost, unoonsoionsly, it seems that I managed to reach the coral rook to .rthioh reference has been,inade. AltoCngh I felt ho pato at the ttoie, the sharp edges of the aoral growth severely out my hands and body, and <1 was bfeeding freely when overtaken by ai boat whioh, without my knowledge, had put but to save toe. I sud denly beoame conscious of the presence of my rescuers, and automatically grasped with a frantic olutoh the knife-like edges of the coral fronds, which grievously lacerated my fingers. "Whether it was the smell of blood or mere aeoident at the time, when I was iifted from the water into the oanoe, a shark was almost tonohing mb ; but the noise and splashing made by. the men in the boat suc cessfully frightened him away. 1 have no reoolleotion of being lifted into toe oanoe; but was in a dead faint for some minutes. At no time daring this latter experience was t eonsoious of the slightest tendency to sur vey my past life, or. to deplore the sins and failings whioh I share in common with toe rest of humanity. " It is a remarkable instance of : Shake speare's omniscience that he refers to toe pain of drowning to the celebrated soliloquy of Clarence to toe play of Richard III. in a sense totally opposed to the popular con ception of this mode of death, andto exaot agreement vrith my own experience. - ' Oh Lord metoought, what pain it was to drown 7 ! 7- What dreadful noise of water to mine ears 1 What sights of ugly death within mine " '' eyes ! . . . - ' ' . . . . . . and often did I strive To yirid tbe ghost : but stiU toe envious I flood Stopp'd to my soul, and would not let it forth To find the empty, vast, and wandering air : But smother'd it within my panting bulk, Whioh almost burst to belob it to the sea.' —Arnold White; 