the novelist. " k PLAGUE OF A GIRL." ' CHAPTER XVIII. Archie's brow darkens fora moment, and then ho given a sigh almout of reliof. 'Do you really wish it V lie oaks, Ilia eyes brightening. " ' Yes— unless you mind.' .... VWhy should I mind?' — with a short laugh. 'If you have a fancy for tho . charabctof horrors, surely I am tho most appropriate showman,' — and, springing down from his seat, Arcltio makes bis way into tho corridor and mouuts tho stairs two at a time to tho uppor story. ' You havo not tlio key, lmve you ?' erics Agnes, rather tnkon aback by his suddon energy nnd quick movements. j,'.Oh, yos, I have ! Liko your ring, it is a talisman that never leaves mo.' , , By this time they have roached tho door " of tho ante-room, which half a minute later stands open. 'There,' cries Archie, with a mooting laugh. ' Nothing very wonderful, in it? ' '<Mo — most ordinary ! ' ngrees Agnes, looking round tho room witii a slight feeling of disappointment. ' Tho room is low und square, and is lighted by two long narrow\windows in tho sido walls at tho farther end..- Tho furniture consists of a round tabic, a roomy old flounced sofa, . and four chairs Ovor tho narrow chitnnoypicco is an , gsaikJ.wiSiiiiii'1 — 0I1g ml( narrow, the gloss 'all that "Agues, as she ' :on, starts back witli 1111 you kuow,' o the farther all deep-set v pho Turns In fits heels. 3H tort than '9AB Sisemont- HF he one on jHB >k writing jflwf r idle windows, f either sido. W ,,-Vvitn nioth'-eaten W Midc of tho room, and f -r clipboard on tho other. Mow oppressive ! Tlteto is no fireplace —po ventilation !' gasps Agnes, hurrying to one of the casements ; but tho fastening is beyond her rcaclt. _ Archie opens it, and there comes rush ing in a gust of moist welcome air. ' That is better I' site cries cheerfully, gazing around her ouriously and with some anxiety. ' I should not mind stopping hero all night so long as I might keep the window open — otherwiso I should certainly bo smothered.' Archie is standing in the middle of tho room, white to the lips, and witli a look of pain on his faco. Annas, to, scents somewhat depressed by tno atmosphoro of the place. Sinking down upon the sofa,- she says feebly — ' It's not half bad.' 'Don't, sit there I' advises Archie "t'V 'ohily. ' It was on that sofa that Hugh A'V, K/j dtawford strangled himself.' - l.-.ij f/' Agnes jumps up with a shudder and takes her stand by tho writing-table., ' i ' ' 'Don't step. on thatl' advises . Archie, pointing to a dark stain on the carpet. ' It is whero unclo Pat shot himself.' \- - Involuntarily Agues' draws aside her . .skirt, displaying a pretty little pair of ' Oxford shoes. #>' Why don't you havo the 'room dune ' up ?' sho asks petulantly. 'You are rich enough, goodness knows. If I were you I would have every stick and every raj; that tliu place contains taken away uttti burnt. Then it should lie scrubbed nut ; aud.I would furnisli it with a pretty light furniture nnd the brightest chintz and carpet that money could buy.' ' Nothing is to be changed j the room muat remain as it is still tlm curse ' has worked itself out,' says Archie slowly, ' I have no patience witli such old- fashionod nonsenso !' cries Agnes, Iter practical mind regaining its usual activity ' now tliat sho is a little mure accustumod to her -'surroundings. 'I tell you, Mr. Crawford, tlmt your ancestors neither of jutem committed suicide. They wcro j/inurdcrcd by thoso who wanted tho y property. Any one could coino in here. What is to prevent it.1 Archio shakes his head, and, walking over the door, closes it with a sharp click. ' No one can open that from the other sido when tlmt spring is closed,' ho explains witli a sigh, 'so that disposes of your ' murder theory. _ . Agnes looks at him full tho face. ' You don't mean to kill yourself— do you V sho asks suspiciously. ' On my honour — no !' ho answers, witli sudden earnestness, as ho takes .her two slim hands in his nnd swings them un consciously to and fro. ' His gray eyes meet hers frankly and searchingly, until Iter own quail before hia nrdeutgaze. 'To toll you the honest truth, I did not caro , _,rHiiuch for my lifo till you came into it,' ho says, in a half-wliispcr. 'I was utterly ST resigned to my fate, until tho past month If taught mo that there was a bright side to '2 life wdrtli living for.' Agnes draws uwuy iter hands and 't. laughs derisively. ' Am I the precious thing worth living for !' site asks, sweeping liim a mocking curtesy. ' I'nssuro you, Mr. Crawford, you arc making a great mistake. I am nothing more or less titan a horrible torment to anybody who owns me. However, it is very nice of you to say I , . i. . ........ i.-jv . .. t t...„ ...... j1uv0 lirilltlilvu jvjui lltyf OK X mujjujwtj wnU-'t darken iii:it'.J"' —:wi'ii,r n ,1 'vipursclf when February conies.' vv/iYou do care, then ?' cries Archie cognrly. .. Naturnlly T cure. I am not a fiend I' —in a tone of conventional reproach. 'If I wrrc as other men— if no sword .svero hanging over my bend, I would daro you Aout mo as you are doing now. !' says Archie, half in jest, half in hitter earnest. '1 would catch aud cage you as a lurk is cngcd, and - make you sing fur me in your captivity.' ' It you were quite as other men arc, I should not attach that of interest to you, Air. Crawford,' cries Agnes, laughingly unit'mMiiff her finger and thumb at llitu. As things are, up to the thirtautth of February next a little halo of ronanco hnncs about you which sets you apt from others. As for any man on earth £vcr catching or caging me, I can only \- „ y.y that a»y uiad'uoe attempting such i feat would bo deserving of uuivorsal pity- I am not a domestic animal, and I havo fully resolved to go through lifo without forming any ties whatever. That way I can't make anybody xiuisorablo hut my self.' 'What nonsense you can talk when you sot about it,' laughs Archio. ' You speak as though you wcro u raging lion.' ' So I am,' Agnes ugrecs, with a nod. ' Only for a wonder, though I am on tho prowl, I don't want to devour anybody. And now to chance the suhieeb. ' I do think it kind of you to havo shown mo this room, and I tell you clearly so long as you keep that door shut, no harm can befall you. Aro you suro it cannot bo opened front tho outside?' 'Not when tho spring catches. And sue — there are .two large belts top and bottom.' ' So there are,' Agnes agrees, slipping tho bottom bolt to and fro in its groat iron socket to make suro it worked. Then they go into tho ante-room, and Miss luirholm, bent on discoveries, begin to tap tho walls and oxamino tho floor, nil to no purpose. Whilo there, however, they nro startled at hearing a firm tread nlung tho outside passage. ' May I come in V asks Dumarcsque in a hesitating way, as lie stands at tho door of tho anto-rooin. ' Certainly, old cliap,' replies Archie. 1 Miss Fairholm has a taste for horrors, so I havo been showing iter tho family vault.' ' Family vault bo hauged,' says Dumar- esque, ' as lio steps over the threshold. ' All tliat bosh is a little too exploded for our day. I can't bcg anything tho matter witli the room ' — staring round, witli Ills hands in his' pockets. ' No, tilts is tho dun I am to sleep in,' explains Archie, making his way back to the smaller room over the porch, followed by his'friend and Agnes. ' Humph,' mutters Duiriaresque, as lie slowly pirouttes in tho.centre' of tho small chamber. ' I call it a jolly litUo place — by Joto,, I do. Make a first-rate 'smoking don if it only had ojirc-placc." iuiimjra juu wuyyju iiuu uiuiu here Instead of me, since you sectn'so charmed with it,' suggests Archie. 'Not in tho least,' declares Dumarcs que. ' I should be quite willing to sleep hero for a month or two if I could wake up in the morning and find myself master of your property.' 'Joking apart, Dumnresquo — if you were in my shoes, would you slcop here ?' ' Of course I would even if I had to face a row of grinning skulls. Certainly I should not he such a fool us to risk any future squabble about -the property. There is nothing frightful about the room, and look here — if you like, I will stop in the ante-room, and wo "can make a night of it.' . Archie shakes his head dreamily. rNo— I must be quite alone.' 'AH right. You will be alone if you bar the -dopr. You can carry on tho family iiicatitations in private, and then if the bogie becomes too demonstrative and affectionate, you hove Only to yell,' and I will come.'- ' ' You arc a good fellow, Dumarcsque,' says Archie, his oyes brightening, and then l|p sighs. . v 'MeonWnile Agnes, roaming about, lias silently unlocked tho old oak press.. She stands before it, staling at tho centre shelf with dilated eytST 5 ' « "Why don't you have- those things removed I' site asks, timidly. ' Against rules. They are part of the l>erforinance,-' answers Archie, witli a stolid smile. ' Why did you open the cupboard 1' ' What a question to put to a lady,' laughs Dtimnresquc. ' How could you expect Jliss Fairholm to resist peeping into such a tempting place 1 .Women will never take a warning even from Blue- beard's wife.' -Oh, I wish I liatLnot,' cries Aggie, who is still gazing before her as if quite fascinated. Don't leave me out in the cold. Do let me see nil there is to be seen,' laughs Duiitarcsqnc, and as Agnes still stands in front of the press, ho advances and looks over iter shoulder. The black shining shelves arc bare save for four tilings, which meet tho eye witii gruesome suggestiveness. Tliu most prominent articlo is a bottle filled with a dark liuid marked 'laudanum,' on one side of which is a razor, on the other an open case of pistols, tho wholo encircled by a coil of Htrong rope, the noose ready pre pared for its victim. ' By jove,' ejaculates Dumarcsque. I shu'n't again say tho place is uncanny.' ' It's my fault. I am supposed to keep tho key of that press iu my possession, instead of leaving it in the lock. Allow me, Miss Fairholm ; ' and, gently putting Iter aside, Archie turns tho key sharply and removes it, ' Give it to me,' cries Agnes, turning iijKiti him quickly — ' give tho key to mo 1 You will oven then fulfil tho conditions, because the press is still in the room.' 'Evasion — evasion,' — and Archie smiles as ho pockets the key, ' No — I either go through tho ceremony thorough ly, or I throw the wholo thing over as an exploded myth. The contents . of that cupboard won't affect inc. All those pretty little things you saw there are placed thore as a temptation ; but thoy don't look tempting to me.' ' Don't— oh don't,' cries Agnes, who looks as if ahe had seen a ghost. 'I would give up the property — I would do anything— anything tluin pass a night in this awful room.' Bali,' laughs Archio. 1 It camo as a surprise to you. I have known it for years — aim iatmiiaruy ureeus crmveuipe.- I think we may as well retire, if you itave had enough of tho room.' ' More than enough, thank you,' says Agnes, with a sigh, as thoy make tlioir way back to tho passage, Archio locking each door behind him at)d pocketing tho keys. ' I don't think I shall ever feel choerful again.' And in trutli it docs take her tho greater part of the day to recover her spirits. Even after dinner, whon Archie is. planning with Dnmuresquo a day in Dublin, finishing .with a -visit to the theatre, so that they cannot return until tiie following day, lie suddenly discovers iter looking wistfully ut him. ' Sorry we can't ask you to join us, Miss Fiiirholm,' lie says witli his brightest smile; 'but wo can all go "in together, anyhow. Georgia and Miss .Stuart are Ibing to get dresses for my boll, anil you <»» eowo back with tliwji.' ' I havo a dress that will do. I don't want anything,' answers Agnes des pondently. Sho feels out of touch witli everything, particularly tho coming gaiety. 'Nonsenso, my doar. Yon must go into town with Gcorgie,' Mrs. Crawford interposes. ' I want you to sco about my dress as well tis your own ; nnd there are twenty little things I want.' ' Vory well, Mrs. Crawford, I am quito willing,' says Agnes absently, and then sho became absorbed in meditation. CHAPTER XIX. Wiien Agnos Fairholm's despondency wears off, a reaction sets in, and her buoyant spirits rise again. -On the morning of the Dublin expedi tion she is half wild with excitement. Nothing, however, will intluco her te accept Mrs. Crawford's offer of a dress for tho coming ball. ' I havo plenty of money,' site crios, shaking her small purse, ' and I promise, Mrs. Crawford, not to diRgraco you. But I should feel wretched if you gave me a dress — like a charity child or a beggar.' 'You absurd girl,' says tho older woman indulgently. 1 It was for my own pleasure I wished to give it, and not for yours. Your dresses are v/-y pretty and quaint, but you must remenjber this will be a largo gathering, nnd allmie girls will bo fashionably attired.' ' Fancy poor little me fashionably attired,' Rays Agnes, making a grimace. ' What a little gay, I should look, to bo sure. Why Mrs. Crawford, if you take nway my individuality, you lcavo mo bereft indeed. Do let me dress after my own fashion.' ' As you choose, dear,' answers Mrs. Crawford, somewhat disappointed. ' Only if you change your mind in Duhlin, you have carte blanche at my dressmaker's.' 'How rash you arei , cries Agnes, -an she bends down nnd fondly kissos lite invalid on the forehead. ' ' Carte blanche. Perhaps I shall run up a bill for £100.' . . I shall not mind,' returns Mrs. Craw ford, with a smile. ' I have written about 'my own gown, but I want you to sco it. I am always afraid of over-trimming.' ' I will take in every detail and toll you all about it,' says Agnos, with a nod, as sho gives placo to Archie, who has como in to bid his mother good-bye.' At tho agency thoy pick up Miss .Stuart and Georgia — the latter jubilant because her father has given' her pcrmis-. siou to ortlor iter costume for tho hail regardless of expense, and has presented Iter with a £5 note for extras. ' Oh, da was in a princely frtinto of mind — wasn't he, Pris ?' sho explains with sparkling eyes, as the' carriago moves off again. ' I am to get what I like for your glorification, Archie. And ho is going to givo Pris her gown too.' Miss Stuart does not seom to appreciate Georgie's confidential mood. A flood of colour mounts to her palo face, and she moves uneasily in her seat 'Oh, I hope I am not .squeezing ypu, Pris, dear 1' cries Agnes, who is sitting well forward nnd holt-upright, to give tho g titer girls room. , 'We shall, have plenty of room cdmint; bttpk, behause.wo HhalrTeave tlnTruhbisli hehind jn Dublin. I'nodding at Archio ditd Dumnresquo.' . \- ' The rubbisli is going to enjoy itself .by going -to tho tfieatrq!' "retorts Archie, rubbing' his liands.ito demonstrate the enjoyment he anticipates, and to tantalise Georgie. ' j , .£.. " 'iHli — enjoyment indeed !' scofts GSbrgie. 'Poor tilings! You don't know, the meaning .of the word. We three girls arc going to enjoy ourselves if you like. We are going shopping,' with. no. J arriere- pensee ' as to pounds, shillings, tiiitl pence — going to buy lovely ball-drcsscs, whilst you poor things can't make yourselves a hit smarter on that cvoning than on any atlier. ;T. atn thankful I am not a mart. I do pity you.' ' Under some conditions it is just as well not to lio always wanting n new rig- out,' . says Dumarcsque, glancing up admiringly at her bright piquant face. ' Sour grapes, sir — sour grapes !' smiles Georgie; but Iter sparkling eyes droop and her cheeks deepen in colour as she feels that his glance is still fiped upon her. Oucc in the train, however, Gcorgie retires to a coruor scat and forbids any one to address iter. ' I havo only half an hour in which to elaborate my costume. Don't speak to mc if you love me,' sho says impressively, and as they all seem anxious to abnw tlieir devotion she is loft to pucker her brows in peace. Tiie young men leave the girls in Grafton-.strect, after making futile efforts to arrange a luncheon at some hotel. . ' Luncheon indeed. You are greedy mortals,' cries Georgie. ' As if we could waste this all-too-short day in eating. Wo shall have n bun each, if we have got time. If not, so mueh tho worso.' ' Poor tilings,' laughs Archio. ' They don't appreciate decent food. They are going to eat a tiling called a bun.' ' Wo shall be at tho station to see you off,' says Dumarcsque, as tho girls stop on mnsse before tho doar of a well known lady's outfitter. ' Oh, yes- and to look after onr stray parcels. You can bring on to-morrow any wo leave behind ' — and Georgia, with a mischievous nod, closes the door behind her. Georgie's ideal dross, designed by hor- sclf, has to bo slightly modified by the dressmaker. If is at last satisfactorily arranged that it is to bo of white chiffon and silk, with only a trail of bright pink roses on the left shoulder and down the skirt. Then Pris. without a moment's hesito- " gloinly-mado trailing gown of block silk vcf v "tf t', neck, with yellow sleeves. ' But for a ball, madam, it is somewhat too heavy a robe?' objects tho artist, whoso business it is to note down all tho orders, and make suggestions whero tlicy seem advisable. 'I wish it,' observes Friscilla coldly, rcgardittg tho daring shopwoman with a supercilious stare. 'Just so,' assents tho maker of robes, with a little slirug of the shoulders. ' As madam wishes it'— with the slightest stress on tho word — we must oboy. A velvet dress is always costly. Tito very best Genoa velvet you said, madam. It will not bo less than £10 with the lace ruffles you selected.' 'Pris,' cries Georgio in consternation, ' £40 would buy a new piano.' tyws Stuart turns upou Miss Crawford such a glance of wounded amnzoment that Georgio decides to let tho matter rest, only, feeling thankful site herself is not responsible for such on outrageously extravagant ordor. Then Pris, addressing the sliopwonmn, remarks plaintivoly — I nm norry that velvet is so costly, as I Itave set my inind on it. But a volvot gown is so durable. I shall not find it dear in the ond.' 'You father will in the beginning,' v(tttn|iut9 MRil UUU UL her cynical grimotpi »- Next Mrs. I s dross comes under discussion. .. handsome com- bination of Irish poj ?i -nd velvet, in a lovely shade betweon-y ' and bronze. AVhen it is brought/ «td spread out over chairs fqf ion, PriB gives a gasp of pilvy,v "1 beguiso, think whether sho wns quiv> right in ehuosing black. They all decide that the skirt is a great success, but when the bodice, with its softening folds of black lace, appears, even Agnes, who is careless as to dress, goes into raptures. 'Your aunt, will look grand iu that gown, Georgie,' she cries, witli a gleeful notl. _ ' Yos,' agrees Georgio rather dreamily. ' I supposo sho will wear her diamonds. I have never scon tho Crawford diamonds.' ' Do you know' it is ono o'clock, and we have a lot to do beforo dusk,' says Pris, in a warning touo:_ J Ta' ' ' Ageio has not' ofiliJ Iter frock yet. I am dying to hear what it will bo,' says Georgie smiling. ' Then die,' Hays MissEairholm, witii heartless intlifferenco. 1 1 am not going to buy it while you look_qn. Just- run off with Pris to tho shoemaker's over the way, ami I will join you in fivo minutes. My frock is going to be a modest little affair, liko uiysolf. I am only going to get tiie stuff hero, and Miss Malono will make it.' 'Oh, Aggie — not Miss Mulone,' cries Georgie, looking shocked. ' Yes — : Mihs, Malone,' repeats Agnes olxluratcly. ' Sho lias great but unappre ciated abilities, and site is remarkably cheap. I havo great faith in her.' 'It's no uso arguing witli- Agnes — sho is so intractable,' sighs Georgie, as she trips across tho street to tho - boot- mai'kcr's. .' .Yes — I think your aunt made a great mistake in having hor. Sho seems com pletely out of her element, and quite unable to accommodate herself to the ex igencies of iter now surroundings,' observes Priscilln severely. 'I know, dear, that yon thought mo Extravagant when I ordered velvet ; but I felt that I could nut slight your father's kindness by choosing a cheap and worthless dress. It would seem as tlioilgli I suspected him of meanness — and lie is so generous,' ' Yes — I know ho is genorous;'' admits Georgie. But, all tiie same; sho cannot help'fecling that Mips Stuart's notion of gratitude is a little overstrained.. ' My parcel is to meet us at the station,' erics Agnos triumphantly, as sho joins them presently, jl'ltcn she chooses for herself A pair of satin shoes at four shill ings und sixponcc, and later on she gives lialf-a-ctown for a fan of primrose fcatliAs. X. ' . v ' , 'Dunfaresqiiirpml Arcluu nlcetrJicnUae' tho station asxprcarranked, amir'as the two young nien'fta) handing into! tho girls' carriage their numerous, parcels, Archio" suddenly breaks into 'e.' loud peal of laughter. - ' '"Have von sudileiilyJgone mad 1 ' asks Dumuresquoanxiously.- Th on Agnes inside the carriage goes off into a corresponding' peal of merrinien't.- ' What is tho joke ?' asks Gcorgie. 'Can't you see it ?' laughs Agnes. ' It is 'so absurdly like that evening, at school, wlico you two liauded in the for bidden fruit at the back-door.' 'We nro tiie very same party "over again,' adds Archie, smiling, as ho iinnds iu a long square box, which Georgio seizes at once. ' An odd coincidence, I call it.' ' Ah — wo ore nil sadder nnd wiser now,' observes Agnes, putting her bright faco out of tho window as the gunrd slams the doors. 1 Wiser, eh 1' repeats Archio absently. He lias taking possession of Aggie's hand, and, although tho train is moving out of tho station, lie walks along tho platform still holding it tightly, aud looking up into iter fueo witlfitiiat same eager look, half aatl, half hopeful, which she has seen once before. ' Certainly you nro not wiser. Let go — let go,' cries Agnes, really nlarincd ; and then, ns he loosens Ids clasp witli a disappointed sigh, she leans out of the window nnd waves iter hand witli a peni tential nod. ' What a consummate flirt tlmt girl is,' whispers Pris indignantly, under cover of tho rattle of the train. New Year's Eve cotnes ut lost — a bright moonlight night, wltiuh gives no excuse to uuy family within twelvo miles for shirking the Drumsealp hall. Nine is the hotir named on tho cards ; hut hulf- past eight finds everything in readiness. Mrs. Crawford, nervous of tho ordeal beforehand, lias risen bravely to the occasion now that retreat is impossible. She sits in the softly-lighted ball-room, looking a beautiful picture of womanhood in her becoming gown, witli tiio Crawford diamonds flashing on her neck and arms. Archio is by iter sido, excited and triumphant. ' I am awfully glad you ngrecd to give this dance, mother mine. It is going to lie a hum fmnrofUL T lrnnur.' fttsmnfnrv iti front of her after an experimental turn round the room to try tho floor. ' As for ydar gel-up— I never knew until this moment how yon could turn oil t -fir year war-paint. It is so hard to realise good looks that are hidden away under shawls and wraps.' A pleased flush mounts to Mrs. Craw ford's cheeks. It is so loug since site has worn evening-dress that site likes to think it is appreciated. 1 1 hope I sha'n't taka cold,' she says, with a slight shiver, and casting a long glapco at the fur-lined opera-cloak which sho has thrown aside. Oh, you won't take cold,' Arcltio assures her confidently J and then he asks, with some hesitation — 'Whore is Miss Fairholm V Here I am— half afraid to corns in,' says a nervous hesitating voico outside tbo door, a slight figure in priwroso silk, with billowy net skirts of tho samo shade, comes slowly forward. ' I feel I nm not half smart onough, Mrs. Crawford, now that tho ovoning is upon us,' says Agnes, aa sho nervously furls and unfurls nor fan. ' It is entirely my own fault, I know ; hut — but I'll promise to sit in a coruor.' 'let mo look at you,' responds her hostess, with a slight smile. The srailo brightens as sho notes the artistic quaintness of tho girl's attire — viiu vmigmg yctiuw sain., Willi utuu little shimmering bows of ribbon hero and there, tho kerchief of net drawn over tho shoulders nnd fastened with a breast-knot of ribbon, the long topaz earrings and and pendant sct'in siivor, the well-fitting twelve-button gloves, and the littlo satin shoes to match. Amidst tho piled-up curls of the girl's soft hair is perched a glistening topaz butterfly. ' You will do very well, my dear,' Mrs. Crawford remarks, after a long close scrutiny. ' I am very fond of topaz ornaments— thoy mean fidelity.' 'Do thoy?' cries Agues, touching hor pendant affectionately. ' I took them for my key-note, and just bought my frock to suit them. It is a brooch I havo pinned in my hair — does it look odtl T ' Not in the least ; nnd you may rest assured of this— there won't ho another dress liko yours in tho room.' ' That's some comfort, anyhow,' returns Agnes, smiling — ' and I feel quito like myself, wh'ch .is another comfort. Oh, here comes Mr. Dumarcsque,' — and bIio gives place to that gentleman, who cornea sauntering in, wearing a largo scarlet geranium in his button-hole. ' Sir. Dumarcsque, I hope you will do your duty nobly and dance with some of tho wallflowers.' Yos — vory pleased, I am suro!' drawls Dutnaresque, adjusting his eye-glass and staring at Agnes. ' Don't glower at Miss - Fairholm — she is a primrose, not a wallflower 1' 'laughs Archie, aa he makes his way to Agrics and begs iter to faston in his roso-bud, which will drop out. ' Wily, yon had a pink ono just now. I low changeable you are !' laughs Agnes as with' doft fingers bIio pins in a 'Gloire- ile-Dijon.' ' I am wearing your colours, little Primrose Dame,' whispers Arcltio ; ' and, cot iter or no comer, I claim you for three round dances.' ' Wait till you sco the others,' returns Agnes demurely. ' You must not waste your timo on a wayside flower liko poor littlo inc.' ' Yo gods !' cries Archie ut this moment. ' Who is this funeral being 1' As ho speaks, Prtsciiia Stuart, followed by Georgie, coiucs sweeping graceful over the broad oxpanso of floor. Site looks handsome and triumphant, but a little uu the defeusivo ns she bows to iter hostess. Mrs. Crawford returns the salutation coldly, then, holding out both hands, with a smile, she says, ignoring Miss Stuart. — . ' Georgie, my. child, how sweet you look. Excuse my rising, dear ; hut I shall have so mueh standing to do presently.' Tltcti-sho welcomes her brother-in-law, alio seems to have resigned himself to cjlfeuiiixtiinc'ch ami is smartly "dressed, for tliu occasion ; while Pat, dragged to' tho 05ute|;taqunent lift " prutqst, lSoks, us lio 'feels,- cnim aid M 1)'- - . Arcliit/'seoitZj?, £;riscilhAs neglected by the girls,' who nui) dialling Pat about Ins dancing, nnd igjtored by his mother, who hasiinmopolised Mr. Crawford senior 'at ("nice turns his attention to Miss Stuart, lie is of far tou chivalrous a nature to allow, a young and beautiful woman to feel, herself slighted iu the house. Although however lie dues his bust to be affable, uud Miss Stuart is urbanity itself they <16 not make much progress ; for trying to talk to Priscillu is, ns lie expresses himself later to Agnes, liko knocking one's head against a brick wall. Guests soon licgin to arrive, aud the baUpnsses off much assucli entertainments usually do. People having driven u lung way for the sako of the donee, seem determined to taka it out in hearty enjoy ment. A contingent of officers from Dublin nnd Kingstown prevents that dearth of tartuurs which is so apt to tnako a hall tedious. What is mure — tiie men, with very few exceptions — ninungxt whom may he numlicred sulky Pat — seem inclined to do their dutv. There are few wallflowers — so few indeed tlmt no one can fail to remark the half-dozen who from time to time sit out the dunces. Auiungst these is Priscillu .Stuart. Agues seems in great request ; Georgio lias to semi away disconsolate partners by the dozen ; but Priscillit, witli hcr luvely face, her velvet gown, and her stately manner, figuratively goes a- begging. Archie, as host, docs his lavst to remedy this. He dances with her ottco himself, and introduces two or three obliging young men. Dumnresquo walks languidly, through tho Lancers with Iter, and Pat, at his father's sido bidding, makes both himself and his unlucky partner look foolish iu a value ; but nobody dances with Priscilla twice. Old Kir. Crawford, whoso admiration for Miss .Stuart seems daily on tho increase is not slow to nuto this unaccountable neglect. Towards tho middle of tho evening he supriics overybody, himself included, by requesting the pleusuro of a quadrille with Miss Stuart. ' But are you sure you core to dance, Mr. Crawford,' asks Pris sweetly ' I don't mind sitting out in tho least.' ' I enro to tlauco with you, Alias Stuart,' answers tho old gentleman, laying a flattering and significant stress on the tiennntin < T uIiaII ilu linn willi nnnitn nlun yon may ho sure.' So, with a faint triumphant flush upon her fair white cheeks, Priscilla is led forward by her elderly beau, who goes through u great many wonderful and intricate steps with courtly grace. ' Gcorgiu uo yoa see 1' whispers Agnes, as site meets Goorgio in tho 'ladies' chain' — and Bite nods' in the direction of Pris. ' Yes. Isn't it good of dear old da. Ho is dancing with poor Pris I' answers Georgie, smiling. ' If you don't look sharp, you will soou havo a step-mamma,' observes Agues wiekedly thojpoxt time they meet. ' You goose'!' laughs Georgio ; hut all tho name a pained look comes into Iter spkrkling eyes, and the next timo she glances at hot father and Pris site seems to see that Aliss Fairholm's warning may not have beet, given without foundation. fho l>q)l wipw to <m cntl all too soon for thoso who have bcon enjoying thcin- solvcs. Tired waiters nro packing up tlio 'dohris' in tho dining-room, whilst in the ball-room, deserted snvo for tlio homo party, tlio lights are burning low-t-moro than half of them aro indeed extinguished. ' I am glad wo gavo it, Archio, but qin most thunkful that it is over,' says Airs. Crawford, as sho draws Iter fur wrap around her. ' I did enjoy it 1' crios Agnes regretfully as sho glances down nt iter crushed skirts. ' xou nave neon in ine wars ; »»»"» Archie, laughingly holding up a long shred of net ' Not so badly as Georgie,' smiles Agnes. ' She has lost her trail of roses. Pris was awfully wise — velvot can't tear.' ' If she had clothed herself in gossomer, I beliovo sho would have gone away intact/ says Archie. 'Somehow Aliss Stuart didn't catch on.' ' I am glad sho did not,' remarks Airs. Crawford severely. ' That girl's audacity is disgraceful, aud iter dress was most unsuitcd to hor position.' 1 Her grand gown was iter downfall ! says Agnes maliciously. ' Sho looked so stupendously heavy.' ' And now to bed, if it is worth while I says Airs Crawford, rising with a yawn. 'The servants will bo up ull night, I suppose, helping to got things straight.' 'That's good nows. AVe lmve been without our billiard-tablo for a fortnight,' remarks Archio; tlion, as his mother, after hor usual fashion, takes his face between her hands and kisses him fondly, lie adds, ' I havo put you to no end of trouble, mother initio ; hut I did so long to give ono good entertainment which would he remembered.' ' Don't speak like that, dear hoy ! pleads his mother. ' This is your first ball ; I trust it may not ho your last. I havo mado sure of this one, any way,' returns the young man dreamily ; and his eyes, with a look of ineffable sadness, seek those of Agues. As site bids him ' Good night,' she gives his linnd a littlo pressure of sympathy. ' And I made sure of my three round dtuiccs,' too,' lio says brightly, making mi effort to shako off the gloom which seems to bo creeping over him. 'Good night — good night !' cries Agnes gaily, lis sho flies from tlio room. Once within Iter chamber sho pauses, and a lump seems to rise in Iter throat. ' That uupboard — that awful cupboard !' sho groans, liko ono in mortal agony. CHAPTER XX. Time waits for no man. Tito dreaded day, tlio 13th of February, is upon thorn all. Aluelt Itas happened sinco the night of the ball. Herbert Dumarcsque has been over to England, trying a lengthened visit, lie says, to that miserly old uucle of his, trying be every menus in his power to squeeze n littlo money out of his tightly-buttoned pockets ; but, as usttul, ho has been unsuccessful in his mission — a fact which seems to affect Georgio Crawford more than it ought to do. Georgie litis grown pensive, . thin, und distraite of late, aud her appetite is not what it used to be. She and Dumnresquo seem to lmve developed a strango liking for quiet and obscure corners. Agnes maliciuusly suggests that thoy nro on the twit out for cobwebs und spiders, which iiuinuution fills ins)ttermi-fnct Prtsciiia tvftli j uu t indignation. Tho idea tE»nny audacious spider's attempting to build its wub in a house under Iter jurisdiction is, 'as situ remarks, preposterous. ' for tho past week however Georgie aud Iter eccentricities itave been forced into tho baehgrouud. Agnes is engaged to Archio, with tho full approval of his mother, for Mrs. Crawford sees that her sun's life deiHiuds upon the ullittnee. ' Nothing will happen to dear hoy now Hint lie litis Agnus to live for,' she tells herself hopefully ; pcrcltnuec site also foresees u peaceful old age for herself with Iter bright little dnuglitcr-in-Iuw at Druiiiscnip. Mrs. Crawford lias but the otic soil ; she knows that site must share him witli another, but she docs not want to loso him altogether. Nobody is more suprisctl ut the cugHgnient limn Agues herself. Site who Itaci so fully resolved never to surrender Iter liberty to uuy man ttnw finds herself pledged to marry Archie in the spring, should all go well. .Should nil go well. Perhaps therein lies the spell that litis induced her to submit to the common fate of woman. Sho feels herself very worthy - wise beside her frunk simple-minded 'fiance '.and perhaps there is even a larking sense of protecting in tliouiluction she fecis for him. Anyway, she who lias had to do without love utmost front her cradle finds it inexpressibly sweet to ho wooed by so simple-hearted a lover as Archie. ' I feel almost liko your grandmother, Archie,' sho says dreamily ono day, as thoy sit together in a cushioned window- scut, looking out at the gathering gloom. 'Aly bi'iugiitg-up was so unlike tlio decorous bringing up of other girls tlmt I feel you aro a baby-in-arms compared with inc.' 'That's just why I took a fancy to you mndemuiseilo !' exclaims Arcltio mock ingly. 'A ' maitrcsso fcuime' liko you will bo able to help mo to steer clear of the pitfalls of life. 'Ant I really a 'maitrcssc fcnunc? Ifow awful !' cries Agnes, aghast. Archio laughs softly as ho takes her slim supple hand and begins to twist iter lingers one over the other. ' I don't think there is any violence nr vinegar in you,' ho says gaily ; ' hut I do think you aro tlio ulovcrcst, wickedest, and most conceited little witch in the 'It's onough to make tno conceited,' says Aggie, flashing him a coquettish glance from under her half-closed eyelids, 'when a young man of property comes wooing a littln.boggar like mc.' Come now — that's nonsense I' laughs Arciiie. 'What can money matter so long as wo havo enough. If you had possessed a million, I should havo proposed to you all the same.' ' But in that case I should not have accepted you,' says Agnes calmly. Then seeing Archio look of consternation, sho adds,. ' Bccauso I should have .bccu so convinced you wanted my money-bags and not mo. Tliut is tlio suspicious being I am, you know. Your nature is so different ; you seem to havo no mistrust or doubt. You take it for granted that I love you, and am not merely accepting you for your surroundings.' (TO US cowiwgp.) 