THE COLONEL'S DREAM. (A TEXTS EPISODE.) BY PBECT CROSS STANDING. THE TWENTY-THIRD OF DECEM BER, 184). It is noon of an Afghan winter's day. The hills surrounding the city of Khoord Kabul are white with snow, and in rbeir dazzling whiteness, as the sun succeeds in breaking through, they present a very beautiful appearance. The dark waters of the Kabul River flow in proximity, impart ing a look of elDom to the whole landscape. On a gentle elope close to the oity are gathered a knot of officers wearing the uni form of the (jueen— save one man, who, conspicuous by reason of his civilian attire, ha- all the appear-unco of a diplomat. He i«, in fact, none other than Sir William Macnaghten, ' Plenipotentiary from the Court of Great Britain to the Ameer of Afghanistan. A little apart, in charge of a syce, stands a magnificent Arab charger, which, from its rich trappings and gener ally ' glossy' appearance, one would think is going to change owners. Such, indeed, is the case. . The parson for whom this steed is intended is striding across the snow, at tended by several Afghan officials, towards the little knot of Europeans. He i- a tall, commanding figure, richly dressed and, after the fashion of his countrymen, having an infinity of formidable-looking daggers stuck in his girdle. There is withal a cer tain ring of insincerity about tbe tones of this man's voice when he addresses you, and a certain something that makes his face appear more than sinister when lie smiles, that fail to impress one very favourably. Such is His Highness Act bar Khan, son of the UoBt Mahomed Khan, sometime Ameer of Afghanistan. He greets Sir William cordially though certainly not deferentially, and expresses himself highly delighted with the horse, as well as with a pair of very handsome pistols which Sir William presents to him— yet there is. a covert insolence in the expres sion of his thanks, as much as to say, ' I know you are in my power ; I know you are giving me presents because you would make good terms with me.' And now they proceed to ' palaver.' But the English men, noticing that a number of villainouR looking Afghans are drawing near, reminds Ackbar that the conference is or should be private, whan he replies in the following extraordinary terms : , ' Their presence can do no harm, aa they are all in the secret.' -The nature of»ihat secret don not remain long in doubt. At a given signal the British officers are Beized suddenly from tehind, each tied on a horse behind an Afghan trooper.and borne away over tbe Know ! At lirst they are all too much as tonished by this groas treachery to speak a word — and, indeed, speaking a word would reive no useful purpose- and afterwards \- hey are going at too great a rate to make conversation possible. Two of them are carried hastily to a fort near, by, another (Lieutenant Trevor), who loses his seat and falls to the ground, is despatched by the imurderouB Ghazis thronging round. Tbe fifficers' cowardly escort have fled. Sir William Macnaghten has been grasped t»y the perfidionR Ackbar, and a desperate though unequal struggle was now waged ^between the two men on the ground. It is uncertain to this hour whether Ackbar in tended to kill Sir William, though subse quent events would' tend to show that tbe prime was premeditated. Be that as it tray. we will HFSume that in. tbe fury of tbe — moment Ackbar did not realise what be was doing. Drawing a pistol — irony of -ate ! it was one of the beautiful little weapons with which the envoy -had juel presented him — the miscreant shot Sir William dead. Those who saw the deed ?done never to their dying day forgot the took of wondering horror that distorted the .englishman's face as he was struck down. Tlie only words he was heard to utter were, Ax barae Khoda ' (For God's sake 1). Sir W. Macnaghten has been blamed for reposing any confidence in such a man as t&ckbar; Khan. But Sir William was noth ing if not an English gentleman ; it was part of his nature to trust people implicit ly, and he paid the penalty. .' His lifeless body was mutilated by Aek bar's barbarouB followers, the head being taken into tbe city, and with a barbarous refinement of cruelty, shown to Captain Conolly, an English prisoner. -And so the fatal £3rd of December, 1841, passed into history. :: H.-AT0ELAl.ABAD:THECOL0NEL'S STORY. ?T^he scene is changed. We are still io Afghanistan, and it is the evening of a ?festival known to the 'English- speaking race as Boxing Day— as is evidenced by the attempts at decoravion.and by the little crowd of gav subalterns seated around a blazing fire in the officers' meBs-coom *t . Jelalabad. For we are now inside of that historic fortress, which is unpleasantly ' threatened ' by the wily Afghans. At it a few days after the tragic event just re corded,*nd it is that faot which imparts « . grave tinge to the yountr offioere' con versa ?ion to-night. But itis impossible for them . —particularly in war time— to remain grave ? for Very long, and a heartly laugh is ring ing through the room when the dnor opens to admit, a soldierly-looking figure, attired in the undrees uniform of an Infantry regi ment. This ia Colonel Dennre, of the 13th — approved soldier, and one born to cope with grave ciiEes. He is in a very abstracted mood just now, in no humour for badinage, ami he saya not a word as room is made for him within the cirole that surrounds the fire, ?' Why is this thus, Colonel ?' asks one young fellow, adopting that air. of well bred familiarity assumed by 'sub*.' towards their ..chiefs when not on duty. ' Yo-i eeem quite 'off colour 'this even , ' Yes, Courtney, and I feel ' off colour,1' as you so elegantly express it,1 says Colonel Dennie ; ' the faot is I have had a dream - an ominous dream— and one which loannot forgot.' ? He is instantly, assailed with a chorus of shouts. ? A dream, Colonel ? A dream T We must hear it, eo nope of your shirking. We've had a ghost «tory, and we must certainly have your dream I On Boxing uight too— come, fire away/ . Tims pressed, he has to giv© way. and he says, smilingly, ' Well, gentlemen, it is soon told. 1 dreamed that Kabul had been evaouated, and that for some little time we had been without definite tidings of the garrison. Then one day, when all the hills were covered with snow ob they are now (only more so), we heard thata single horse man wub in sight, coming slowly, and (apparently) painfully towards the place. Well, you fellows all flocked on to the out works, as you are accustomed to do on the slightest provocation, and- brought your glasses to bear upon the unfortunate man. As be slowly enunciated the word 'glasses,' tbe Colonel meditatively refreshed himself by taking a long pull from a glass of something hot that stood at his elbow, and, drawing a deep breath, continued : ' I can see the man of my dream now, though I cannot distinctly re-call his features. He was very pale and blood stained, and grasped tightly in his right hand a broken sword— in fact, was so cover ed with wounds that he could scarce keep bis saddle. His horse, too, was wounded, and bore all the marks of hard riding.' Here the irrepressible one of the party takes advantage of a brief hiatus in the Colonel's recital to ask — ' What colour was he, Colonel I' . ' Who, the man or the horse 1' returns Dennie, smiling. ' The horse appeared to be of a brown colour, and both man and beaut seemed in such a groggy condition that I thought— and it wan all so real— 1 Bent a party to bring them in. But here comes in the most impressive part of my dream, or at all events the part that has impressed me most. When we had suc ceeded in bringing the man round, it was elicited from him that of all the fine army commanded by General Elphinstone at Kabul a few monthB before he was the sole survivor— that our troops had evacuated the city in the depth of winter, had been surprised in the passes by the treacherous Ghazie, and had all been destroyed cave this one man.' The nature of this story in conjunction with the Colonel's way of telling it, had some effect upon his hearers, albeit the ir repressible was understood to remark, in muffled tones, that it was '* a nice thing to give a feller the horrors at Christmas time.' 'But what conclusions do you deduce from the dream yourself ?' inquired Courtney. ' I have an impression that it was mo-e than a dream, that it was a revelation,' replied Colonel , Dennie, thoughtfully. ' I believe the Kabul Army will be de stioyed to one man, and that he will come to us to tell the tale.' ' in. THE DREAM PARTLY REALISED. In 1837, the Indian Government of the day, attracted by the movements of certain supposed Russian spies in the country westward of the Indus, bad opened nego tiations with Dost Mahomed, the Ameer ol Kabul, with a view to counteracting the Muscovite plans. The Dost, who was in reality a moBt unscrupulous and crafty fellow, had recently possessed himself ol the government by driving out the ruling monarch, Shah Sujah. Finding that the Dost declined to come to terms, the Britiith decided to aid tbe exiled Shah Sujah in a determined effort to regain bis lost throne. Now, Dost Mahomed had at Kabul some fourteen thousand troops, while his brothers held the scarcely less important city of Kandahar with otherfourt.boo8n.no. Tbe British opposed to these a powerful force, styling it ' The Army of the Indus,' and giving the command to Major-General Sir John Keane. This army numbered in all Borne 40,000 strong, and as a large propor tion of these were Europeans, Kabul was quickly captured, the Doet forced to flee, nnd Shah Suj&h; re-established on tbe throne of his ancestors. Having accom plished its mission and proclaimed a pro tectorate over the country onr army then -withdrew, merely leaving a contingent be hind to support the Ameer. Dost Mahomed had submitted, it ib true, but he was 'scotched,' not killed,' whilst the minor chieftains, headed 'by his hopeful off spring Ackbar, were eager for a renewal of hostilities. These events occurred during 1839-40, and on November 2nd. 1811, a sudden terrible outbreak took place in tbe Afghan capital, culminating in the brutal assassination of Sir Alexander Burnes and other English officers. .. Shah Sujah proved perfectly incapable to grcrpple with a great tsrisis, and sat help less in his palaoe, while his very bodyguard deserted to Dost Mahomed. Tbe British garrison at' Kabul was commanded by Major-General 'Elphinstone, who for his part showed himself utterly inadequate to act with any degree of firmness, and whose dread of Afghan treachery led him to meta phorically bow $be knee before Dost Mahomed. Ab it turned out, his half hearbed negotiations were interrupted by the terrible marder offiir William Mac naghten, and afterwards the Dost proposed conditions— humiliating enough in them eevles'-for the evacuation of. Kabul by its British garrison. These terms included the surrender of all artillery, spare ? arms, and treasure, mid the giving up of all married officers, with the'r families, as hostages. This last degrading condition was not carried out, because it could not be en forced ; but eventually it ended in Lady Bale and other ladies being left in the enemy's bands. The New Year of 1842 bad arrived, ami on January 6th our unfortunate people, to the number' of 4,600 fighting men, and 12,000 camp followers, inarched out of Kabul. Their way led through the sombre mountain passes, which by this time pre sented a magnificent, yet terrible ploture. Vast piles of -i-now, of dazzling whiteness,' upheaved against a cold blue sky, whilst tho atmosphere was so cruelly keen that clothing seemed hardly a protection. It was uotioeable at the outset that the promised' safeguard for the passage of our troops through the country was not forthcoming, and what this. portended was quiokly per ceived in -the 'large,, suggestive-looking bands of Ghazees and other robbers who flocked around and hung upon the out skirts of the tiny' army. A repetition of Napoleon's retreat from Moscow, on a smaller scale, was in store for our poor fellows. The power and treaohery ot the villain ous Aokbar, like a hydra-headed monster, were apparent at every 'turn. PIret occurred the desertion to tbe enemy of one of the native regiments — a sufficiently ominous sign — and the close of the first dhy'v march left hundreds of the wretched camp-followers, men, women, and children, lying frozen on the ground. Anon tbe I enow became so deep that the horseB could not drag the guns, and several pieces were accordingly spiked and abandoned. Other pieces were all but lost in a sudden on slaught by the enemy's cavalry, and these guns, too, had ultimately to be left. Hordes of plunderers hung about the rear of our force, murdering Lieutenant Hardy man and fifty sowars of the 5th Cavalry, until gradually the British lost all sem blance of cohesion and ceased to resemble an army. The horror of the scene wne heightened by the glare of a great con flagration, Kabul having been set on fire in several places by Ackbar and hiB friends. General' Elphinstone had blundered al ready, but the egregious error that he now committed surpassed anything he had yet been guilty of. Ackbar, with a refinement of feeling well worthy the murderer of Sir William Macnagbtan, had conceived the diabolical idea of decoying the retrealing force into the Khoord-Kabul Pass, that fearful gorge, five miles in length, so narrow that the rays of the sun are unable to penetrate its depths, and through which, flows a rapid torrent that is crossed by the slippery, Btony path no fewer than twenty eight times. With this plot in his mind Ack bar. at the head of six hundred horsemen, madn haste to overtake the English, and pre sented himself before Elphinstone with the lying statement that he had been appointed to safeguard them through the passes, and at the Fame time to demand hostages for the evacuation of the fortress of Jelalabad (where Sir Robert Sale was commandant) If these hos- ages were refused, he was to detain the force, but furnish it with sup plies, As the Afghan's determination manifestly was to destroy the entire force, Elphinstone should have indignantly spurned the proffered termB, and continued the -retreat of his troops with all speed : instead of which he weakly gave up three gallant officers aB ' hostages,' and again endeavoured to make terms. Ackbar'a end was achieved, however ; the line of retreat lay through the denies of tbe Khoord-Kabul. The disordered mob— I can term it nothing else —pressed wildly on through the pass, whose heights were lined by bands of the enemy, pouring down a relentless fusilade. And it must be borne in mind that delicate ladies, sometimes bearing infante in their arms, were mixed up in that seething mass, having to run the gauntlet of rifles that carried death at a thousand yards. January 9th found the remnant of our people through the pass, but in what a condition 1 Reduced to less than five hun dred European?, with a flock of frightened camp-followers, there were few murmurer* when Elpbinstone called another of those fatal halts. The presence of Ackbar in their midst enhanced the irony of the situa tion, and his continued demand for the surrender of the married officers and their families was at length complied with. Yei the rear-guard retained strength sufficient, to beat off two very Bevere attacks. But a master-stroke of treachery now enabled Ackbar, by inviting General Elphinstone. Brigadier Shilion, and Captain Jobnstone lx- a conference, to get those officers into his [lower. To do Idem justice, they were so far forgetful of self as to implore him to preserve tbe lives of the few survivors by staying tbe hands of hiB followers. He was as ueual profuse in his promises, stating that he would engage his father-in-law (a powerful and equally unBcrupulnue chief tain) by the payment of two lacs of rupees, to pilot the unhappy creatures through the country. The money was accordingly ex torted. Ackbar returned at evening with the announcement that he bad carried out his part of the contract ; but even as he spoke the roar of musketry in the distance gave the lie to the villain's words. ' Tel pere, tel fils ;' and Ackbar and his worthy sire, having pocketed the rupees and got the per sons of the officers and 'ladies into their possession, had deliberately barricaded the Yugdulluk Pass with trees, lined it with riflemen, and left the infidel dogs to their fate, what time theii General sat hopelessly in tbe enemy's camp, a prisoner. Brought to bay once more, the handful of British fought desperately, and taught iheir cowardly assailants a severe lesson. Here, however, feli Anquetil, Chambers, Browne, and other brave men. But why dwell upon this scene ? By a wretched combination of incompetence aud timidity on tbe part of the British commander of un paralleled treachery and double-dealing — certainly not of skill in battle— on the part of the Afghans, Elphinstone'e army of the Indus, which had left Kabul numbering 16,500 of all ranks, was in the brief space of a week, destroyed off tbe face of Ihe earth I 