DYING NATIONS. HOW EMPIRE IS AFFECTED BY THE CLIMATE. A nation only lives a few thousand yean. Look at the great nations of 4,000 years ago. Egypt, Yucatan, Mexico, Peru, Assyria, an. all dead and burincl. Chini is onlv utavitio alive to save funeral expenses. The next generation of nations included Rome and Greece, and these arc like gal vanized ghosts. The third generation, the Turks, Moors, Spaniards, Moguls, Dutch, and Scandinavians, arc alive, but have lost their ]x-wcr. From this you will see that the nations in hot countries die and stay dead. The nations of cold countries rise, become great, ftil, lose their outlying dominions, and yet stay alive. That is because the land does not lapse into jungle like Ceylon and Yu eaun. or change into desert like Assyria and Egypt, but remains fertile, providing plenty ot food. Xow to apply these fact*. Great Britain, the United States, Russia, and Germany are gaining in population, wealth, and power, but the British Empire i* extending more rapidly than anyone of them. Compare her with Prance, for instance. A couple of centuries ago, when France owned most of Xorth America, and was founding a vast Empire, Paris was bigger than London, and wss the capital of the civilized world. To-day Paris has 2.500,000 people, and is the capital of the arts and fashion. But lx-ndcn has 5.000,000 soul;, and has taken the place of Paris as metropolis of the world. The British Empire is growing, and it will keep on growins. along the lines of least resistance. At the present rate, tin whole laud surface of the planet will be ab sorbed by the year 2349 A.D. Butas. Greater Bntatn grows it conies into closer contact with the boundaries of the United States, Russia, and Germany. Even if we could, we* have no wish to swallow these or any other decently-governed countries. The United States, Russia. Germany, and Japan are playing the same garae. The British Empire is nearly as large as the four combined. A* England does not wish to conquer the well-governed countries, the area open to annexation may be diminished by half. In that case all the world will bt properly governed by the year 2012 A.D. So in 113 years from the present time the British Empire must stop spreading fur lack of room on the planet. Rren then it will grow in wealth and population, but mean while these little islands are getting very old. Sooner or later we may feel the weak ness of age, and be no longer able to fight for our possessions; our colonies may be cut adrift from u?; the conquered countries like India may revolt. If all this should happen, as politicians of a pessimistic tem perament are already predicting, it woidd only be a case of history rePMtine itself. How long will that be? Well.Rome rose in 400 years, as we did, and took a thou sand years to decline. Our Empire is in finitely greater, stronger, and more loyal than the Roman. Suppose we say 1300 years before the Little. England party wins a general elec tion, and Little England is ? second-class virF-«D.uh;a»n ''.?*' * HeMy Dnrins 1897 an American newspaper tried to keep a record of all people reported to have died in the United States at the age of 100 yean or over. The total reported was, curiously enough, just 100. Two thinls of these were women, all but four bein; white women. Of the coloured cen tenarians, thirteen were men. The oldest person to die was a coloured man. aged 125\. A white man died at St. Louis, who claimed to be 141, but there was no proof that he was over 121. The oldest white woman was 120. There were fourteen people whose ages ranged from 110 to 125. A thousand miiiion persons travel by tram m the United Kingdom every year; or, perhaps, it would be more correct to say that every person in the .United Kingdom, on an average, goes by train twenty-five times during the twelve months. It u asserted that David's tomb on Mount Zk-u. which is a Mohammedan shrine of the most sacred character, and to which the Emperor William was recently admitted by the Sultan's express order, had never been seen by a Christian since use.-. , : 