Early Methodism in New South Wales And Some of its Heroes. By Rev. J. E. Carrutlurs. In the United M;ntes of America there is an interesting annual celebration ? entitled Decoration Day. On that day a national tribute is paid to the memory pf the heroes and martyrs who fell in the great Civil War in the behalf of Unity and Liberty. Their graves are . decorated with flowers and garlands, their names and deeds are talked over with sentiments of reverence and aftec : tion, and their memories are thus kept perennially green. If the patriotism of the Americans is almost aggressively assertive, there is little doubt that it derives something of this quality from the celebration that never fails to remind each generation, as it comes up, of the *?' sages who wrote and warriors who bled ' ' ? in the heroic days of struggle and suffer ing. Australians as a rule are nor over burdened with the sentiment of reverence. Historical names and places do not count ;fpr much in the estimation of the average .young, colonial. It is true, we are ? making a history ; but the struggle for . place and possessions is too keen to allow . of much thought being given to the, services of thor-e who pioneered the way, and made Australia a place to be desired to live in. It is only within the last few years that the first Governor of Australia has had a statue erected in his honour ; and it is only a few days since the landing place of Captain Cook on the southern shore of Botany Bay was taken possession of by the Government, and dedicated as a historical reserve for all time. The Century Commemoration Fund furnishes an opportunity to supp'y alack that has been painfully felt for some time past with regard to historic . -memorials of some of the men whom ? Australasian Methodism for all time to come shou'd be glad to honour. 'Jhe history of Methodism in the Southern World remains yet to be written. It is a history essentially connected with that of the cautury now closing, and ' in ecognition of the great and numerous blsssings bestowed by Almighty God ' during which, the Commemoration Fund has been originated. Amongst the many names that stand out as worthy of honour in such a connection, none are j more conspicuous than those of Samuel . Leigh, Walter Lawry, Sergeant Scott,' and John Lees, as belonging to the first i period ; John Allen Manton, Nathaniel j Turner, Daniel J. Draper, William B. I Boyce, and William Hessell, as repre- | senting what may be called the middle ; period ; and Benjamin Chapman, John j Eggleston, Joseph H Fletcher, Jabez j B. Waterhouse, and William Kelynack, j as prominent figures in the dispensation j immediately preceding the present. | Polynesia has a muster roll of saints j and heroes all its own. But these need i not be specifically referred to at length in this connection, the briefest mention being made of the- martyred- Thomas Baker, the heroic William Moore, and the apostolic John Watsford— all pro ducts of our Colonial Church, and valiant soldiers in the subjugation of the islands of the sea to Christ! The Rev. Samuel Leigh arrived in Sydney in August, 1815, and immedi ately entered upon his work. The con ditions of life prevailing in the colony at the time are tersely set forth in the letter of application signed by Messrs. Bowden and .Hosking, and which re sulted 'in Mr. Leigh's appointment. ' The higher ranks of those who were formerly convicts are, in general, eitner entirely occupied in amassing wealth or rioting or sensuality. The lower orders are, indeed, the filth and oft'seouring of the world in point of wickedness.' And more to the same effect. From the Governor himself Mr. Leigh received at first a direct rebuff, and on his country tours hospitality was not infrequently denied him. But Mr. Leigh persisted in carrying out his great com mission as a Christian missionary. Sydney, Pamunatta, Windsor, Castle reagh, and the Cowpastures, were only points that marked the extent of his ramifications. He did a noble work for God and his fellow-men amongst the early settlers and convicts of New South Wales, subsequently among the man eaters of New Zealand, and in later life as a circuit minister and missionary in old England. In 1815 he was the only Wesleyan missionary in the South Seas. On his departure in 1831 he left behind him a fully organized Wes leyan Church in efficient work, compris ing nine circuits, fourteen missionaries', seven hundred and thirty-six communi cants, and one thousand children in tbe chools. Such a man with such a record surely deserves a permanent memorial, and none more worthy can be imagined than tlie dedication of the spacious and stately church at Parramatta to his memory under the designation of the 'Leigh Memo ial Church.' The clause in the constitution of the Century Commemoration Fund which allows donors to allocate their own subscriptions will afford an opportunity to all who wish to honour the memory of the heroic pioneer to do so by assisting to lessen the debt on the Memorial Church. Following Mr. Leigh came the Rev. Walter Lawry, to whom early Methodism, owed no small debt of gratitude. Of him it might be said, ' Be loved our nation, and built us a synagogue,' for the first church in Parramatta 'was built largely at Mr. Lawry's own cost, and certainly as-the result of his resolutely withstanding a movement to erect a 'union' chapel instead of one regularly under the juris diction of a recognised denomination. Of Mr. Lawry and the noble band of men who were associated with him a great deal may be written. But the limitations of space in this issue are inexorable. What shall be said of Erskine, Mansfield. Orton, McKenny, Waterhouse, Draper and Hill ? ; l A goodly throng, a sacramental host, The heroes of the Holy Ghost. They builded better than they knew. They laboured, and we have entered into their labours. A few notes.of progress - are ollivtitat room can be found for in this connection. The first-class meeting was held in Sydney in 1812 ; the first missionary arrived in 1815 ; the first church Avas built at Castlereagh in 1817 ; the first District Meeting was. held in Sydney in 1822 ; the first Conference was held, in 1855, and the first New South Wales and Queensland Conference in 1874. Could one of the early pioneers arise from his grave, and see the goodly tents of our Israel in this year of grace, 1899, he might well say : With my pastoral crook I went over the brook, And now 1 am spread into bands. In this brief historical resume, a Avord or two may be said about previous Con nexional Commemorations. In 1864 arid 1865 the Jubilee of Australasian Methodism was celebrated. At a break fast meeting held in connection with that movement, the chair was appro priately occupied by Mr. T. K. Bowden, son of the Mr. Bowden who had invited and welcomed the first missionary, and the noble sum of £4100 was promised during the day. The Jubilee Fund was intended mainly for the erection I and endowment of a Theological Insti- 1 tution, but several churches and school | halls throughout the colony are the 1 lasting memorials of that historic cele- I bration. In 1888 a Centennial Thanks- I giving Fund was inaugurated, in com- | memoration of the completion of 100 1 years of Australian history.- The scene 1 in the Conference on the memorable I afternoon when the movement was 1 started will not have been forgotten by I those who were present. In about an I hour £7000 were promised by the 1 ministers and laymen who were present. | and a glorious beginning was made.- It I cannot be said, however, that either of 1 those movements realised the high 1 hopes of their promoters. Either through | a lack of suitable organisation, or of I the want of that patient continuance in 1 well-doing that is essential to ultimate 1 and complete success, the tunds halted I when not more than half way through. I The Century Commemoration Fund is 1 fitted out at its inauguration with an I organisation more complete and far- I reaching than any of its predecessors I possessed. It remains with the corn- 1 mittees charged with responsibility to 1 work out their responsibilities diligently I and unfalteringly, and with all the I officers — local and general - to feel in I how large a degree success or failure depends upon them ; and if this be done the amount named by the Confer ence ought to be more than realised. If this Century Fund is thought over and prayed about as it should be, it will become an occasion of great spiritual uplifting to the people generally, as well as of financial relief and advance to all the interests of our beloved Church. ? ? . The marvellous 19th century closes. * What a privilege to live in it, and share in its triumphs ! . * * ' Rejoice in the day thou wast.born.' (Chap. Wesley). * * The influence -wielded by the Metho dist Church has been quite in keeping with the other marvels of the century. Science, art, and literature have had mighty expansion : so has Methodism. * * The closing century will be remem bered -as .the. age of enfranchisement, of political and social progress. * * Christianity has the credit of making these reforms possible. REV. S. LEIGH. REV. W LAWRY. THE LEIGH MEMORIAL CHURCH AND CHURCH PROPERTY, PARRAMATTA, 