CHRISTIAN ENBEAVOUR NOTES. MESSAGE FROM MR. YATMAN. [Published by arrangement.] The Press Superintendent invited the Rev. C. H. Yatman, now in this city, to be good enough to send a message to the Christian Endeavourers of the colony, and this is his bright and hopeful rcEponse. To the Christian Endeavourers •of Soutih Australia— Greeting. It is with great pleasure that I. asa member of one of the American Christian Endeavour Societies, sojourning in tibis land of sunshine, give the South Australian. Jiadea vourers a word . of greeting minded with a word of exhortation. I pray that the Convention about to be held will pzove to the delegates, and through them to the members of the various Societies, and through them to the Churdhes they reptef&nt;, a means of Messing on the lines of practical Ghristiiaaiity that will make for great, good wherever the sunlight of their presence -is felt. We are living in times that are full of possibilities for good or bad, for wea.1 or woe. Generations to cotne will lode back on the closing events of the nineteenth century and the beginning of the twentieth as an epoch, not onlv in civic history, but Christian life as well. To a large degree the old centuiy was launched for sin and infidelity, but in spite of it afl the last fifty years has witnessed such a spread of the Gospel, both in the heathen and home lands as to make the most doubtful feel assured ot the presence aad power of God. ' But 7 J 16 *" century is to be launched for the Lord and Righteousness; and the young people of tbis decade are to be the fightens m the coaling battle to be waged againe* i m Therefore let every true eoldler of •lesus Christ be well equipped for the war- '>nd to this end studv thoroughly the 'feoldiCT- s Chapter" of the Bible—Ephesians vi- With this should come to the Endeavourers a full knowledge of the Courage Chapter," which is Josb u ® .H &r; inspiration as well as Christian aspiration. No book has ever been written that will stir the blood and set the fires blazing within the heart so quickly as the Book of Acts, which is God's handbook of revivals. That every member may be sound in the faith (for there can be no great victory without soundness of doctrine), it is highly important that a deep studv of the three "Atonement Chapters of the Bible should be made. Leviticus svi., Isaiah liii_ and Hebrews ix. Theoe Sculptures afford thought as well as strength for weak hearts. Just as in the study of the 23rd Psalm, no one can fully understand this great gift of inspiration by the son of Jesse apart from the 3itb chapter of the Book of Ezekiel and the 10th chapter of the Book of John. They are -the three "Shepherd Chapters" of the Bible. Facts from these sources furnish the fuel that keeps the fires burning upon the_ altars of Christian manhood and Christian womanhood. Who can study the "Rich men's" chapters of the Bible (the one found in the Book of Luke, and in the Book of James) without having a holy hatred for the covetousness that aas in such a large degree taken possession of tiie world, and ng»)nnt which Christianity must fight, for it is a wellknown sociological fact that piety produces prosperity, and we must guard against that which happened to tthe Hd>rews of old, who in their blessings from God found means tor backsliding. ®hen, again, Christian Endeavourers need to read more than they do, good biography and autobiography, to get in touch with those, who have been, not only born of God, but used of God in tiie past; such study doubles the strength of the soul. Auove all, seek that place where the Spirit of God is leading people to conviction and conversion. After much experience and research, I am prepared to say liat under God "there is no reviving power so great as a genuine revival meeting, not some spurious man-made meeting with an hysterical move, but a place where, by the truth earnestly poured oat, the Spirit of God leads people to repentance and faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, -Hie place where Christian character begins. Find such green spots, and dwelling .there for. a wee bit, your soul will become like a watered garden. Lastly, learn this secret of help—wait in -silence whilst in the presence of God, and let him fill you full of faith, and Joy, and the Holy Ghost. Finally, make it the purpose of your life <to be obedient, and say "Yes" constantly to all the commandments o£ God. Yours for souls, the wide worfd over, C. H. YATMAN. Detroit was ablaze with Christian EDdeavour watch fires of enthusiasm and seal last month on the occasion of the International Convention. The man who travelled half-wav round the world to this Convention, Rev. Joseph Walker, of Queensland, drew a knot in the tie cf fellowship that is binding all the world in kindred love. Australia is thanking her stars for Christian EndeavouT. and Australia's fervent response elicited from Dr. Clark the suggestion that the audience rise and sing— Four Empires by the -Sea, Four nations great and free. The ninth annual Convention of the <XE. Societies of tie colony -will be held in Adelaide this week, the seasons opening in fine-street Wesleyan Church to- night. A large delegation from the country is expected. 