PURELY PERSONAL. Mr. William Rossi, who has just been appointed to the charge of the North Adelaide Post and Telegraph Office, has been in the service of the depart ment since March 1, 1857, and he had been resident at Mount Barker for 16 years. He joined at Auburn, and has come up from the position of messen ger. He is a capable and energetic gentleman, and no doubt will be glad to exchange the comparative idleness of the Mount Barker office for the con tinual briskness of that at North Ade laide. « • • Though not by any means what might be called "a "betting man," Mr. Bossi once had the good luck to draw the winning horse in one of Miller's sweeps. He and Bob Murray, a well known Mt. Barker identity, who has taken a great interest in Broken Hill mining, joined in the investment of £1 and they struck Mentor, who returned £1,000, but unfortunately more than half the money was laid off. However, the dividend was a most handsome one, even under those circumstances. Mr. C. G. Schedlich, who has just re tired from the North Adelaide post office, although a, much older man than Mr. Rossi, his successor, was eight years his junior in the Service, and he took charge in the fashionable suburb twelve months after Mr. Bossi went to Mt. Barker. Presumably the Govern ment will follow un their North Ade laide policy bv retiring other aged pub lic officials as the opportunity offers. There are some very long-serviced officials in the Post Office. Sir Charles Todd himself joined on February 10, 1855, while Mr. S. Summers, the super intendent of the Money Order Branch, dates from August 23, 1852. Mr Waddy, the secretary, has seniority from Nov. 1, 1800, while Messrs. A. .T. Wright, Christopher Giles. H. S. Olifent, H. Gillman, and J. M. Johnston, who are among the commissioned officers of the department, all date from the six ties. Three of the letter carriers, five of the first grade sorters, with the cashier and senior operator in the Telegraph branch, also reach back be hind 1870, while quite a number of Postmasters are of equal seniority. Yet, save Sir Charles Todd, none of the gentlemen referred to get more than £425 a year, and some of them draw considerably less than £300. In one ca.se, indeed, a postmaster dating from March 18, 1864, only receives £105 annually. Truly a splendid service. When Federation comes, no doubt many changes will take place, and among other things, salaries, which will be paid by the Central govern ment. will have to be assimilated to those in the other colonies. Mr. Nobes, the Mayor of ICadina. who until lately was in the butchering busi ness, has accepted the position as local representative of Elder. Smith, and Co. He is exceedingly popular in the district, and lias for many years been prominent in municipal matters. The Earl of Kilmorey will be in Ade laide again very soon, and this time he is quite determined to bring his Ocean Dock scheme to a successful issue. He is likely to have the cordial help of the Government, if he is backed by sufficient capital to ensure the proper carrying out of the work. Mr. T. J. S. O'Halloran, S.M., whose head-quarters are at Wallaroo, has the widest magisterial district in the col ony. His jurisdiction extends from Denmark to Streaky Bay, in addition to comprising the whole of the Penin sula and the newly-discovered gold field at Wilgena is' also part of his territory, so that if a hotel license is asked for there, the matter will come before the Bench of which he is the chairman. Mr. O'Halloran first took a position under Government on April 13, 1853, but his service is not continu ous, as be subsequently went in for banking. He has been Stipendiary Magistrate at Jamestown, at Mt. Gam bier, and Mt. Barker, and he went to Wallaroo in March, 1887. Mr. O'Halloran, who is a son of Major T. S. O'Halloran, once Commis sioner of Police, married Miss Wood forde, daughter of Dr. Woodforde, one of the earliest Government officials in South Australia. His son is a well known Adelaide solicitor, and one of his daughters married Dr Sweetapple of Parkside. Mr. O'Halloran is a most genial gentleman, and he has hosts of friends in different parts of the colony. He probably does more tra velling each month by steamer, coach, or tram, than any other public offi cial. # # # Mr. E. J. Woods, the architect of the two Adelaide Cathedrals, was for sev eral years architect to the South Aus tralian Education Department, and he afterwards took the place of Mr. G. T. Light (son of Colonel Light) as Government architect. While occupy ing the former position. Mr. Woods enjoyed the privilege of private prac tice, being in partnership with Mr William McMinn, who drew the plans of the Post Office, of the Adelaide Public Library, and of the University, besides carrj'ing out many other city buildings. Mr. Woods is a man of very considerable culture, and he brings a large amount of conscientious care to the prosecution of his profes sional duties. Mr. McMinn, who died some years ago, married a sister of Mr. C. M. Muirhead. Should there be a dissolution of the Assembly on the subject of the House bold Suffrage Bill, the Government hope to win the second seats at East Torrens. North Adelaide, Fromc, Burra. and Mount Barker, but in each case their champion will have to fight a very strong oppositionist. The Moonta "Advertiser" feels hurt because in a recent issue we spoke of the appointment of Mr. F. J. Gillen to that thriving1 town as "banishment." Those who live in Moonta.. the editor explains, do not consider it as a place of banishment. Well, no one said the.v did., or that the need to reside there was a banishment to them. To a. eopper miner it is a paradise, be cause of the richness of the lodes that exist there, and to tradesmen anxious to earn money it is a pleasant spot, be cause the large amount of cash that is circulated each week, but all the same, to a man who has made a name in scientific circles, and who is anxious to be near learned men who take an interest in his special branch of study, it is a place of banishment. TCor is the word used in anv unkind sense. The Frenchman thinks Paris the best city in the world, but an Eng-lishman might consider it banishment, if he were com pelled to live there, and, similarly, a Parisian would languish if forced to reside in London. If in either case it was a. matter of choice, there would be nothing to complain of. but, Mr. Gillen is a man under authority, who must go where he is sent. The people of Moonta. and especially its Mayor and Corporation, have every reason to be proud of tbeir town, be cause it. is clean, well kept, and full of activity now that so many mines are at work. It is a bit strange, how ever. that they should look with the greatest pride unon their cemetery. As compared with the great glow of satisfaction iliey feel when showing a visitor over the local necropolis, the tones of their voices when speaking of the mines are dull and commonplace. Mr. Justin McCarthy, in a letter to the "New York Independent," tells a story about the late 6r. Wallace. He was addressing the House of Commons on some question of inadequate mate rial concession to some popular de mand. A supporter of the Govern ment. interrupted him by calling out the familiar question: "Is not half a loaf better than, no bread?" "Yes,'" Wallace retorted promptly, "but is half a watch better than no chrono meter?" and amid the delighted laugh ter of both sides he went on with his address. The Very Rev. Dr. Zahra. has written to the Italian translator of his work on "Evolution and Dogma," stating that he has learned from unquestionable atuhority that the Holy See is adverse to the further circulation of that work, and he therefore wishes that the p ubli cation should be withdrawn from sale. The translator joins with the author in desiring- that the circulation of the work should cease. # # • Madlle. Janotha (says a writer in M. A. P.) is known to her friends as a very devout Roman Catholic, and that knowledge is likely to extend to the general public, since the distinguished pi an is te now loses no chance to demon strate her religious fervour. At the Stella disaster concert at Queen's Hall on Saturday afternoon, Madlle. Jan otha went on to the platform carrying in her hand a prayer-book, which she kissed devoutly before commencing her solo, and which she also carried when she returned to take her encore. Lady Halle, the famous violinist, who is a co-religionist of Madlle. Janotha, has a somewhat similar characteristic. I have never seen her take the plat form without devoutly but unob trusively making the sign of the cross before commencing to play. • Sir Edward Russell's reminiscences, which Mr. Fisher Unwin is to publish in book form, will be particularly in teresting to Catholics. During his long and honorable journalistic career, Sir Edward has at various times been closely associated with Catholics of distinction. His predecessor in the editorial chair of the "Liverpool Daily Post," Mr. Michael James Whitty, who induced Sir Edward to cast his lot iu Liverpool was an Irishman and a Cath olic. Mr. Whitty was a man of won derful strength of character and be came a force in the city. Dr. St. George Mivart contributes an article to the August "Nineteenth Cen tury" entitled "What Church has Con tinuity?" He notes changes which took place at the so-called Reforma tion, and says that, in his judgment, they unquestionably constitute a breach of continuity. He promises another article on the subject, since at the end of his life's experiences he is anxious to do the little he can towards the promotion of truth as it appears to him Miss Madalline Byrne, of Liverpool, and a near relative of several ladies who are engaged in works of religion, has just made her debut on the stage with remarkable success- Miss Byrne is a graduate of Edinburgh University. She is gifted with undoubted histrionic talents. At present she is filling a short engagement at the Lyric Theatre, Liverpool, taking the part of Sophie, in "The Woman of the People." # • # The Very Rev. J. T. Murphy, C.S.Sp., a well-known pulpit orator and public speaker, has been appointed President of Blackrock College. He taught for some time in Blackrock College before, and he now returns, after spend ing 27 years teaching in the West Indies and the United States of America, where, owing to his vast knowledge, and his ability to impart it to others, he has caused many pupils to attain, high positions in life. In 1879 he was appointed Dean of Studies in Rockwell College, and subsequently he did much good work for thirteen years as head of the Holy Ghost College, Pittsbui g, U.S.A. Professor Mahaffy in the "Nine teenth Century" for August makes a characteristic attack on the Irish lan guage movement, and en passant calls Welsh "a barbarous jargon which hardly a civilized man understands." The Professor's remarks on the sub ject will not influence many people in Ireland. Mr. J. W. Slattery, whose daughter's name appears in the list of passes in the Theory of Music in connection with the Trinity College, London, Examin ations, is the popular manager of W. H. Burford & Sons' well known estab lishment, and has given a lifelong ser vice to that firm, having entered into their employ 32 years ago. Ten years ago he was appointed manager, and is held in high esteem by both employers and employees. 