REPENT, OR PERISH 1 BY BISHOP RYLE. " Except ye repent, ye shall all likewise perish." Luke till. 3. What is repentance? Repentance is a thorough change of man's natural heart upon the subject of sin. We are all born in sin ; we naturally love son we take to sin as soon as we can act and think, as the bird takes to flying, and the fish takes to swimming. There never was a child that required schooling or education in order to learn deceitfulness, sensuality, passion, self-will, Rluttony, pride, and foolishness. These things are not picked up from bad companions, or gradually learned by a long course of tedious Instruction ; they spring up of themselves, even when boys and girls are brought up alone ; the seeds of them are evidently the natural product of the heart. The aptitude of a 1 children to these things is an unanswerable proof of the corruption and fall of man. Now when this heart of ours is changed by the Holy Ghost, when this natural love of sin is cast out, then takes place that change which the Word of God calls " repentance." The man in whom the change Is wrought is said to repent." He may be called, in one word, a "penitent" man. True re- pentance begins with knowledge of sin, The eyes of the penitent man are opened. He sees with dismay and confusion the length and breadth of God's holy law, and the extent, the enormous extent, of his own transgressions; he discovers, to his surprise, that in thinking himself a " good sort of man," and a man with a " good heart," he has been under a huge delusion; he finds out that, in reality, he is wicked, and guilty, and corrupt, and bad in God's sight. Beware that you make no mistake about the nature of true, repentance. The devil knows too well the value of that precious grace not to dress up spurious imitations of it. Wherever there is good Coin there will always be bad money; wherever there is a valuable grace, the devil will put in circulation counterfeits und shams of that grace, and try to palm them off on men's souls. Make sure that you are not deceived. Take, heed that your repentance he a business of your heart It is not a grave face, or a sanctimonious countenance, or a round of self-imposed austerities it is not this alone that makes true repentance towards God. The real, grace is something far deeper than a mere affair of face, and clothes, and days, and forms. Alial) could put on sackcloth when it served his turn, but Alan never re- pented., Take heed that your repentance be a repentance attended by a thorough forsaking of six. Sentimental people can cry when they hear moving sermons on Sundays, and yet return to the ball, the theatre, and the opera in the week after ; Herod liked to hear John the Baptist preach, and heard him gladly, and did many things ;" but feelings in religion are a worse than worthless, unless they are accompanied by practice. Mere sentimental excitement, without thorough breaking off from sin, is not the repentance which God approves. Reader, let no man ever delude you into supposing that you can be happy in this world without repentance. Oh, no I You may laugh and dance, and go upon Sunday-. In excursion trains, and crack flood jokes, and slug good songs, and say, " Cheer, boys, cheer Fund " There's a good time coming ;" but all this is no proof that you are happy. So long as you do not quit rel with sin, you will never be a truly happy man. Thousands go on for a time in this way, and seem merry before the eyes of men, and yet in their hearts carry about a lurking sorrow. When they are alone they are wretched ; when they are not in jovial company they are low. Con- science makes cowards of them ; they do not like being by themselves ; they hate quiet thinking. They must have constantly some new excitement; every year they must have more. And my first word shall be a word of warning tender, affectionate warning-to all impenitent und unconverted people who may happen to read, " Repent, or perish," What stronger wiring can I give you than that which my text contains I What words can I use more solemn and more heart-searching than the words of my Lord and Master "Except ye repent, ye shall all likewise p right' Yes I you who are reading, and as you lead know you are not yet at peace with God you who are halting, Hu giving, undecided, In religion- you are the man to whom the words of the text should come with power "Except there are penses, then, even thou, 'shalt perish Huiik. again of the folly of remaining un- impenitent man I Yes, I say the folly. The world you cleave to is melting be neath your feet already. What will bank notes do for you in the life to come ? What will join gold be worth to you a hundred HM hence ? When your last hour comes what can all the gold in the globe do for you if you die an impenitent man? You live for the world, perhaps, now, you stare hard and famously to be successful in business , you can pass sea and land to add acre to acre, or accumulate stock in the finals You do all you can to get money, to amass riches, to make yourself comfort able, to have pleasure, to leave something for wife and children when you die. But. oh, remember I remember, If you have not got the grace of God and true repentance, you are a poor man pauper in the sight of God. Reader, once more I charge you to remember without repentance tow in d God there can be no meetness for heaven It would give pain to an im penitent man to place him there. It would be no mercy to him he would not be happy He could not be happy. There could be no enjoyment in heaven to a man who got there without a heart li ting sin, and a heart loving God. So long as you cleave to your sins, and will have your sins, so long you may talk as you please about the Gospel, but your sins are not forgiven. You may call that legal if you like, you may say, if you please, ' you hope it will be all light at the last God is merciful God is love Christ has JIM I I I ok,Il in In Uinnndur died. I hope I shall go to heaven after all," No I I tell you, it is not all right ; it will never be all right, at that rate. You are trampling under foot the blood of atonement; you have as yet no part or lot in Christ. So long as you do not report of sin, the Gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ is no Gospel to your soul. Christ is a Saviour from sin, note Saviour for UIUQ in size If a man will have his sins, the day will come when that merciful Saviour will say to him, Depart from Me, thou worker Of iniquity 1 depart into everlasting fire, prepared for the devil and his angels." I say the same to every reader who is anxious about his soul : I say Repent, Repent, Repent, without delay. The time will soon come when you must be decided, If ever you mean to be. Why not this very day Why not to- night? Sermon-hearing cannot go on for ever; going to churches and chapels must have an end ; liking this J man and liking that men, belonging to this church and belonging to that chapel, holding these views and holding those views, thinking this preacher bound and that preacher unsound, is not enough to save a soul. A man must act at last, as well as think, if he means to go to heaven ; a man must break off from his sins, and the to the Lord Jesus, if he does not intend to be damned. A man must come out from the world and take up the cross ; a man must be decided, and repent, and believe. A man must show his colours, and be on the Lord Jesus Christ's side, If he means to be saved. And why not begin all this to-night? Oh, Repent, Repent, Repent without delay. Do you ask me again "what you ought to do? Go tell you, and cry to the Lord Jesus Christ this very day; go and pour out your heart before Him. Go and tell him what you are, and tell him what you desire. Tell him you are a sinner; He will not be ashamed of you. Tell Him you want to be saved ; He will hear you. Tell him you are a poor, weak creature.; He will listen to you. Tell him you do not know what to do or how to repent ; He will give you His grace. He will pour out His Spirit upon you He will hear you ; He will grant your prayer; He will save your soul, there is enough in Christ, and to spare, for all the wants of all the world, for all the wants of every heart that is unconverted, unsanctioned, unbelieving, impenitent, and unrenewed. Reader, I think it just possible that you are afraid to repent. You think you are so bad and unworthy that Christ will not have you. I do beseech you once more, to cast away such fear for ever. Never, never, be afraid to repent. The Lord Jesus Christ is very gracious : He will not break the bruised reed, nor quench the smoking flax. fear not to draw near to Him. There is a confessional ready for you. You need none made by man ; the throne of grace is the true confessional. There is a Confessor ready for you. You need no ordained man, no priest, no bishop, no minister, to stand between you and God : the Lord Jesus is the true High Priest ; the Lord Jesus Christ is the real Confessor. None is so wise, and none so loving as he none but He can give you absolution, and' send you away with a light heart and in perfect peace. Oh, take the invitation I bring you. Fear nothing. Christ is not an " austere man." He despisethnot any. Arise this day, and flee to Him. Go to Christ and repent this night, without delay. 