AP1IPMT BM fi ^TH1BS George F. Buxton gives, in ' Adven yenturea in the Kocky Mountains,' a thril ling description of a night spent on the open prairie in a blizzird. The advent of the storm was sadden and terrible. Black, threatening clouds descended until they touched the earth ; a hollow murmur swept through the bottom, but not a branch stirred in the wind; the naked cottonwoods stood like ghosts. I knew what was coming, and turned my horse toward the timber two mile? dis tant. Before we had covered half the dis tance the tempest broke upon us. The clouds opened and drove down in our faces a storm of freezing sleet, which froze upon us as it fell. The first squall of wind carried away my cap, and enormous hailstones, beating on my head and face, almost stunned me. My hunting shirt was soaked in an in stant and as quickly frozen hard and my horse was a moss 6f icicles. To ride was impossible, and I jumped off and covered my head with the saddle blanket. The horse and the following mules turned their sterns to the wind, and made for the open prairie. I was unable to drive them to the ohelter of the timber. Perfect darkness soon set in. Still the ar imals kept on, and I followed, or rather was blown after them. My blanket, frozen stiff, required all the strength of my numbed fingers to prevent it being blown away0 In an incredibly short time two feet of snow covered the bare prairie and through this we floundered till we could go no farther. Tbe animals stopped, huddled together, and would not move. Exhausted, I sank down, and covering my head with the blanket, crouched like a ball in the snow, . expecting certain death. The wind roared over the prairie,driving the snow before it, burning me and the animals. !For hours I remained with my head on my knees, with the snow pressing like a weight of lead upon it. At short intervals the mules would groan aloud and fall upon the snow, and then again struggle on their legs. All night long the piercing howl of wolves was borne upon the wind. I wbb just sinking into a stupor when the mules began to snort and shako them stilvea. I roused up, but was in total dark ness, buried under the snow. I thrust out my arm, and through the oponing saw tha atnra shiniug in tho sky. Tho storm had ceased. I tried to stand, but fell forward in the enow. Finally I freed myself, managed to mount my homi, and reached the citnp on the Arkansas th it evening, half den i with cold and hunger. 