CHAPTER VI.-"CHERCHEZ LA FEMME!" "Dick!" "Madge!" "They've released you?" "One would suppose 5o-as I'm here," answered Lockwood, - as he greeted her with a kiss. "Morning. Peter!" "Oh, I'm so glad!" cried Madge. "But of course they couldn't keep you in prison long. Even the police would soon, see that they'd made a silly mis take in arresting you. Now come and sit down and tell me all: about it" Dick Lockwood did as he was told, and chose a seat as netr to the girl as her brother's presence in the room per mitted. Graeme and Madge had just returned from their interview with Dixon, and had found the young man, faor whose release from prison they had been scheming,. actually waiting for them in their own rooms in Broad-street. He had been told, of course, where they had gone, but for fear he. might miss them he had thought it better not to follow them to the barrister's. He stayed where he was, therefore, and waited about as patiently as a young man ever does wait when it is his sweetheart who is coming to him. "When did. thcy lot you out, Dick?"' asked Grasme. "But-er-by the by, I forg.clt; shall I go?" "Go.? Where? Why?" "Wouldn't you two like to be alone for a bit?" "Don't be silly, Peter!'' said Madge, with a blush. "Of course you needn't go, till you've heard what Dick has to tell us." "There's an inducement for you to be brief, Lockwood!" said her brother, with a laugh. "Come; when did you get out?" "This morning. I took the first train I could to Oxford, and here I am. I counted on giving you a surprise," he added with a pretence of disappoint mcnt, "but somehow it doesn't seem quite to have come off. You take. my release from 'cholrkey' as coolly as if you'd been expecting me." "So we were, my boy, in a way. Knew they'd soon see at Scotland Yard that they'd made fools of themselves," answered Graenme, warmly, whilst Madge managed to find her lover's hand and squeeze it unobserved. "What made them let you out so promDtly, though?" continued the tutor. "Fresh clues turned up?" a "Yes," answered Lockwood. "They've found out that I was not the last per son after all who saw, Ram Singh alive on that Friday afternoon. At tenet three other people are known to have spoken to him after he left me. "Any '.light been thrown upon the question of motivre?'' asked Graeme. "None whatever;---The mystery only seems to grow 'darker." -There's a womalmin it, too." "Elh?"' cried the tutor sharply. "What woman?" "I don't know," was the answer. "And yet," added the young man, with a gesture, "if you had asked me two days ago what I knew about Ram Singh's possible relations with women, I should have said that I knew all that there was to know, snd that that was just nothing. However, I should have been wrong, it seems. There is a woman in it; but what woman, or what she can have wanted with poor Ram, I haven't even the ghost of an idea." "Tell us the facts." . Lockwood gave them an account of the additional evidence which had come to light. in thec last two days.' It showed conclusively that 'he, at any rate, could have had nothing to do with the tragedy; but beyond that, it ten ded rather to confuse the problem of the Prince's death than to' throw any light upon it. A cabman, it appeared, had come forward and sworn upon oath that he was engaged by' Prince Ram Singh about a quarter to nine o'clock, outside Mostyn's Hotel in Gower-street, - and that- he drove him from there to Pad dington Station. He remembered that the Prince, who seemer to be labouring under strong excitement, told him to hurry, because he wanted to catch the 9.15 express. He was quite sure that his fare was Ramin Singh and no one else, because he had 'seen his photo graph in on.e of the sporting papers' on the occasion when the Prince car ried -off the Queen's Prize at Bisley. He laughed at the suggestion that he could have been mistaken in his man, and declared scornfully that if he couldn't spot a handsome and notice able gentleman like Prince Ram Singh anywhere he should deserve to have his license taken away from him. (To be Continued.) 