TOWIS" TALK. Onr Melbourne letter, together ?with, other Blatters of interest, will be found on the first page. Oar Melbourne correspondent telephoned last evening that I}r Al'Carthy reports that the condition of Mr J. Hancock, AI-L-A., the member forlTootscray, ia very low. The return of Cr Starrer as one of the repre sentatives for the Barwon ward in the Town Council i^ being opposedby Mr C. J. O* Connor, and an election to fill the vacancy has been arranged to take place on Monday. The poll will be taken at the Manchester Unity Hall, Moorabool-street, and the hoars of polling are fromS a.m. to 5 p.m. The steamer New Guinea, which has been chartered by Messrs Bell and Co. to carry a cargo of wheat to Calcutta, arrived in Gee Ion"' at daylight yesterday, and went along side the railway pier, where she shipped a good deal of grain during the day. About 1500 tons will be taken on at this port, and the steamer will finish her loading at Wil liamstown. During the forenoon yesterday, when the dust fiend was particularly pronounced, the effort made to cope with it by sprinkling the streets of the town was Tery ineffective, much to the disgust of pedestrians, who had their eyes clogged by the light particles wafted by the wind?, and the business people whose dark colored goods exposed to view assumed a whitish appearance. The water carts were out early enough, but they were controlled very badly, and the complaint of the business people was well founded. Something is radically wrong when the principal Btreet of the town is allowed to escape notice in the matter of street sprinkling, as was the case yesterday, and we are informed that the carts were not seen in lloorabool-street from 7 a.m. to nearly 1 o'clock, or a space of about six hoars between. During periods of this time the dust blew down the street in thick clouds, and to be about under such discomforting circumstances was far from pleasant. A repetition of this is not desir able, and with the summer close at hand the street watering of the town should be better regulated. The operation of pumping Ealt water into the cistern at the hay market was commenced yesterday, and it is to be hoped it will be kept full during the summer for street sprinkling and channel flushing pur poses. There is a diversity of opinion regarding the route to be followed in the construction of the line from Mildnra, and with, the view of thrashing out the matter the Hildura Railway League, which is advocating a Western district connection, has convened a conference of other leagues to sit at the Town Hall, Melbourne, on the Sth inst., at 11 a.m. A letter ou this subject was received yester day by the mayor of the town from the town clerk of the city of Ballarat, and it was reques - ted that he use his influence in inducing some members of the council and other gentlemen of Geelong taking an interest in the move ment, to attend the conference and take part in the proceedings. The letter concluded by stating that the Ballarat executive would be verv pleased to have early information as to the"number of gentlemen who will represent Geelong. The mayor communicated with the acting-town clerk, and the latter gent out notices daring the afternoon to the whole of the members of the council, each of whom was asked to state whether he could attend the conference. The Chamber of Commerce will most likely be represented at the con ference, and the council of this body at its monthly meeting on Monday will decide upon a course of action in the matter. A splendid return for this season's opera tions appears to be assured to the farmers of Werribee, whose crops are reported to he unusually heavy. Mr Ball, the well-known stook breeder, is amongst those blessed with a fruitful hurvest, and he estimates that he .will take 1900 tons of hay from off his land. The rose show and exhibition of pot plants and cat flowers, in connection with, the Gee long Horticultural Association, was continued yesterday afternoon and evening, when it was brought to a conclusion. The attendance in the evening was fairly good, but it was not what the merits of the show fully deserved. That the public patronage was not what it should have been is borne out by the fact that the committee is of the opinion that the funds of the association will have to be drawn .upon to some extent to defray the shortage likely to result from the undertaking. As on the preceding evening an excellent musical programme was pre sented, and it gave the utmost satisfaction to patrons. Songs were rendered by Misd A. Haslara and A. Batten, and Mr C. O. Strong; and a humorons song in character by Sir Geo. Cole was encored. Mr W. H. J Webber gave the recitation ct The Midnight Charge " very spiritedly, and a "recital by Mr E. H. Cotton was also heartily appre- j ciated. The paradox trio from^the " Pirates of Penzance " was nicely sung by Miss £. ; Hobday and Messrs Moore and Wheatland, j who with Mrs Wheatland also sang with much expression " Good Night." A piano forte overtuce was played by Mr A. Leckie, jun., who accompanied the vocalists. Just as Mr M'Kenzie, the town clerk, was beginning to get.aborit with some freedom after being incapacitated by a fractured ! ankle, influenza has laid its bold on him, and on Wednesday and yesterday he was unable to attend at the Town Hall to carry out his duties. Mr Walter will act as town, clerk during Mr M'Kenzie's enforced absence. Arrangements are now being made by the Geelong Garrison Artillery Town Band com mittee to commence their usnal Eeason of band performances in Johnstone Park for the present summer. It has been the custom of the committee to commence about the end of November in each season, as experience has shown that the weather cannot be depended on for out-door performences at an earlier date. It X8 pleasing to learn that the Great Western Colliery Company is making ar rangements to place a larger quantity of coal on the market this season than was possible last season, owing to the difficulties expe rienced in carting it over almost impassable forest roads. The difficulties of the past j will be overcome by the laying down of a horse tramway from the hill near the mine to the Deans Marsh railway station, a distance of about seven miles, and plans and -speci fications having been prepared, and the necessary approval of the Winchelsea shire council obtained, tendere will be called for the work almost immediately.- With the laying of the tram the company will be in a position to put 500 tons .on the market, in Geelong weekly, and there; should be no difficulty in disposing of this quantity, as the coal is admitted to be of superior quality for household purposes. Xiast eeason the coal found a ready sale in Geelong, the . demand being much in excess of the supply. A sheaf of testimonials has been received by the com pany testifying to the excellence of the coal. \- A very decided attitude was taken up yes terday by the council of the Geelong Agricul tural Society in regard to the circumstances which have led to the retirement of Signor Bragato from the position of viticultural expert to the Department of Agriculture. The cause of that gentleman was warmly espoused-by various members, who contended that he had been unfairly charged with the failure of others to suppress the phylloxera outbreak at Rulherglen. Speaklnir from personal knowledge, Messrs Miles and Craike declared that Signor Bragato bad been eminently qualified for the position that be held under the Victorian Government, and they pointed out that he had interested him self, to a very great extent in the re-plantine of the district with vines for which the climate and other conditions were most favorable. A resolution~was eventually carried regretting the compulsory retirement cf Signor Bragato, and urging- for the appointment of a com mission to inquire into the circumstances under which this had been, brought about. The Pivot Cycling Club, at a special and well-attended meeting held last evening under the presidency of Mr Alf. Sayers% de cided to turn out in a body for the Charities Fete demonstration on the 9 th inst. The Geelong Agricultural Society's next show is to be held in the week following that selected by the Royal Society of Melbourne, but the selection of the exact days has been deferred till the next meeting of the council. \- There is no perceptible diminution in the interest excited by the evangelistic services of the Rev. C. H. Yatman at the Mechanics', liast evening the building was packed, and the gathering seemed to be powerfully im pressed by the manner in which the rev. gentleman dealt with the subject of the unpardonable- sin, that of blaspheming asrainst the Holy Ghost. A letter from Pilliga intimates that the ICee lendi Station started shearing. There are 24 Wolseley machines used, which are driven by a small naphtha engine, tha gas in "which- is ignited by electricity. This is the first occasion in the, Pilhga district on "which an engine of this kind has been used. The experiment excited a good deal of interest. Several sheds in the district now shear by contract. Some idea of the ravages of influenza in Ballarat of late may be gathered from the number of deaths that occurred during the last month, chiefly due to this epidemic. The number of funerals at the Old and New Ceme teries for the month was 13S, the largest for a single month in the history of Ballarat- The mortality among elderly people has been par ticularly great, and no fewer than 66 of the 138 persons who died during the month were over 60 years of age. In the City there were 73 deaths 50 being those of persons over the age of 60. In Wednesday's44 Ballarat Star " there were 13 obituary notices, the deceased in every case but one being- over 60 years, viz., 65, 65, 68,72, 72, 73, 73, 76, 77, 78, 82, S3, and S3, and the average age of the 13 72 years. The month of March, 1S9S, hag the nest highest death record. So much that is made in Germany " frnfla a ready sale on the "Victorian market that it is interesting to learn of a proposed extension of the exports from this colony to the Fatherland. Amongst the visitors to the Victorian court in the Greater Britain Exhibition was the repre sentative of a leading German firm of im porters, who was greatly pleased with the display oFTresh and canned fruits. BeUeving that they were likely to find a ready market in Germany, he requested Mr Taverner to supply him with samples, to be submitted to his firm. The Minister of Agriculture readilv complied with the request, and the samples created such a favorable impression that a Victorian agent was retained by the firm of importers in ques tion, and arrangements are now being made for a trial shipment. The agent placed these facts before Mr Taverner on Wednesday, and obtained from him letters of introduction to leadiDg representatives of the fruit-growing preserving industries. The revenue returns for the four months ended 31st October amounted tc £2,2S7,025, a decrease of £13,850 compared with the corres ponding period of la.'-l year. The revenue re ceived last month totalled £556,301, showing a falling off of no less tpan £60,292 on the re turns for October, 1S9S. It is explained that this striking decrease is due to the fact that the probate duty payments for the corresponding month last year were exceptionally heavy. For last month the customs revenue was £14S,464, a decrease of £13,76S compared with the re turns for October, 1S9S : excise and inland revenue (which includes probate duty), £40,261, decrease £56,43S ; territorial, £22,SS7, | increase £3S0S ; railways, £251,233. increase ! £24,334 ; fees, £65,975, increase £5745 ; and miscellaneous items, £12,53S, decrease, £23,065. The fact that £20,000 was taken out of the licensing fund for distribution amongst the charities, and added to the item " miscellan eous " for October, 1S9S, accounts for the fall ing off under this heading. A nice point has arisen with regard to the removal of the quarantined passengers from the Afnc, as they are released from time to time. The agents for the White Star lone, (palgety and Co. limited), maintain that it is not their duty to provide for the removal of the released passengers from the quarantine station to Melbourne. In mentioning the matter to the Board of Health on Wednesday, the chairman, Br Gresswell, stated that the shipping company had in the past always paid for the passengers' removal, but the agents for the Afric having declined, it had to bs decided what action the board should take. When there were only a few cases, the train fares from Queens cliff would not amount to much, but when nearly 100 persons were concerned, the cost would be an appreciable sum. Mem bers of the board generally were of opinio n that the ship's contract provided for the land ing of the passengers at Melbourne, and that consequently it was the duty of the agents to see that the passengers were brought up the i Bay. Ultimately, it was decided to obtain the I Crown Solicitor's opinion with regard to the | matter. The company pays the cost of keep ing the passengers in quarantine, and if it con tinues to incur this expense while the fipal point awaite decision, it may stand to win on principle, but with the certainty of losing in cash. The inventive ingenuity of the wily " tote " manipulator has^ so completely baffled the efforts of the Criminal Investigation Depart ment to snare him that Parliament to come to the assistance of the police so that the latter may have full legal power to bring the " tote " shops under subjection. An attempt was made last year to amend the Police Offences Statute so that the system of barricades and precau tions practised by the betting houses might be circumvented, but the Assembly would not pass the bill. Becently the Attorney- General himself made a reconnai&ance; of the notorious " tote99 premises in Collingwood, and found that the obstacles raised to the apprehension of the tote proprietors in flagrante "delicto could not be overcome by the present law, and the amendment was necessary. Therefore a bill has been introduced in the Legislative Council to amend the Police .Offences Act, imposing penalties for permitting premises to be used as means of access to or exit from any common gaming house. It is a favorite device of 41 tote " runners to use adjoining premises for getting into or out of the place where the wagers are made, and this enables the alarm to be given and all the paraphernalia removed before the police arrive on "the scene. Under the bill those who let premises for the purpose of obstructing the police or aiding in betting will be contravening the law, and be liable to a penalty of £200. Two of the seven young men selected by the Postmaster-General on Tuesday to fill vacancies In the service of the Cape Govern ment as telegraph operators have declined to go. They are J. W. Shepherd, of Drysdale ; and H. Beckwith, of Flemington ; the former having withdrawn because he could not get 12 months* leave of absence, and the latter be cause^ further consideration has convinced him that it would be more advantageous for Mm to remain in this colony., D. Rowlands, of Ingle wood, and W. A. Tyers, of Nagambie, have been nominated instead. It has been arranged that the ssven operators proceed to the Cape by the s.s. Afric, which will sail, on a. day to be fixed, between the 17th and the 22nd inst. Tenders are invited by Messrs Hendy and Apted, architects, for cottage, stables, etc., at Barrabool Farm. The late Mr Dauncey's property,consisting of 114 acres, at Lara, will be sold by auction this day, on the property, at 11 a.m., without the slightest reserve. Immediately afterwards a clearing sale will be held. Messrs Hendy, Leary and Co., auctioneer. A drag will leave the ton's office at 9.30 a.m. sharp to-day. Mr Neil Campbell will sell on Wednesday, the 15th inst., at the Grand Hotel, Queens cliff, household furniture and effects, under instructions from Lieut.-Col; Umphelby, who is leaving the colony. At the usual meeting of the Corio Division Sons' of Temperance," held last Tuesday even ing, Bro. P. Sceney, Grand Worthy Associate, who was present in his official capacity, ex pressed pleasure at jthe advancement being made by all the divisions under his jurisdiction. One new benefit member was elected and initiated. Bro. J. Parsons gave a very inter esting account of his recent trip to the old country, and was accorded a hearty vote of thanks. Received: "The Austral Light," for No vember. The summer arrangements in regard to Cobb and Co.'s seaside excursions will be found set ; out in detail in our advertising columns on the i frontpage. _ ^ | 