SHORT STO.H. y- THE RIBBONMAN O'KEEFFE. Iho fox must sloop comcUmo, tho wild doer must rest; An' troaohory will prey on tlio heart iv the beat.' Sniitos O'Bbikn. D'tb aee that alaali up thcro in tho face iv the mountain down apieco widdlo ways from the whito oap iv tho enow P Yes, that's it. Well, ahure its oalled tho oavo iv slaughter, and was tho hiding place iv Jim O'Koeffo, the Ribbonman, in the dart tirao that's gono: There's a patch iv brown rock in front ; and iv a aummer's evening whin tho sun is going down, behind tho shoulder of tho hill tlioro, Into tho Itlantie, tho last tusle iv a glance lie throws on theso parts is on that slice iv roolt and makes it as rod as blood. And tho boys jnd girls coming in from tho holds, .looking at it, saj e, blessing iheirsols and whisporing : < Tho blood iv the Bibhonmnn is shining very strong to-night. Moy God pnrtoot us from all buit or harm.' Iv a botfiro night too, whin tho boys aro hauling down tho furze and tho bog nldhor and tho big bundles iv tho heath to rnako tho fire hero iu tho borheen, and keep the blight off tho potaty garden, I go bail thoro's not wan iv thim would put a bill-hook iuto that sido iv the mouDtaiu for fear iv disturbing the last sloop iv tho Ribbonman O'Keeffo and tho false-hearted, beautiful girl who's there buried near him, or tho Boljers who've their led ring till the Last Day in tho hog mould iv Oorrin. , Story is itP Wisba 'tis the pity ful story, and some iv the womin don't be in tho hotter of hearing it, and will set up crying nnd nllagonin', whioh is tho nathnro iv the orayihurs. Faith, I hear me grandfather, forty years ago, telling it over and over again, eotting down in the ohimbley corner, lighting liiB pipe wid a dliry potaty stalk to give a flavour to tho bit iv tobacoy. Bsgor it's oitin it gev meself a shako thim times going up to bed, afterwards thinking and dlirumiDg iv blood and murtber and ghosts and banshees : a young gossoon that had no sinte aud was afeard iv tho shsdows tbo beol iv the fire was making on the wall. Be what mo gran' father tonld me it all took Dlnco after the battle iv Vinegar Hill. The ould oaueo was gono to tho mischief, and the poor people wus slaughtering ho gangs iv soljers and Hessians who were tramboosing around tho conthry ating and dhrinhin'g and murthein' be Marshal Law for satisfaction, and to quieting tho Rebels, as thoy eaid, aftor the Rebellion. You couldn't call a horse or a cow or a bin or a baypurth yor own, to say nothing iv yor sqwI and body j and tho divil a enuff iv a handle oonld yo light aftor nightfall for fear iv drawing the soljera to tho house and thoy hanging yofor thrayson. Moat iv tho boys around this place that waBn't shot. or hung took to tho mountains j living on the rabbits and hnros and tho dhrop iv potbeon, and taking vingnnce whin thoy see the opportunity. W oo betide the Rid Coat that would dare to show his nose up the side iv Oorrin. Many's tho pnrty light was in and around horo, I can toll you, wbiu the hoys would stale down wid their pihes iu thoir bands, and take a gang iv tho soljera unawares, and lavo thim thcro-- wid their boobs in tho hog a' malo for tho orows and hawks. Sometimes you'd find as many as half n dczen.iv tho soljera hanging from the three there beyaht at tho cross roads, in the ifiornihg ; thin tho people knew that tho Ribbonmcn were out tho night beforo. Sometimes again 'twas seme dacont father and mother's ohild from tho village you'd find caught and hanged he tho soljers, or mayho 1\ ing dead down in a drain or a bog hole wid' a gash in his breast, after crawling in, the craythnr, for a dhrink iv wather to hiso the favertliat was-burning in his insido. ..'The heed of all tho Ribbonmen was Jim O'Ketffc, a strapping mam I hear mo grand father eay, six feet in Lib stocking vamps, and a cavpenthcr ho trado. He was tidy at settling iho handles for tho croppy pikes, and aB strong and as courageous a boy as over took to tbo mouu tains to striko a, blow for poor Ireland; God help us, 'twas little ueo for him in the ind. What between tho soljers ulways comin', no matter how many you1 kilt, and picking off or hanging wan man this timo and an other tho next time, tit long last he camo to' ibuvo no wun only himself, and it's up thcro bliidc ho was in Iho cavo wid nothing for Qompehy hut his ould flint lock iv a gun. He'd orcep down sometimes, and whin the thteof.ers wuh galloping apast on tho road thero'd ho tho report of the gun, and wan Ifiddle would he a bit lighter, or maybe two If he got tho ahance, and tho Sassanaoh BOljer would havo a could resting place on the side iv tho road wid his brains in tho ditob, for O'Keiffo couldn't afford to miBS a shot, not having the powdher to spare. As for betohing him wonst he had tho start through iho hogs and hills, faith ! you might as well ihinli iv ketoliing tbo lightning. If he> got his heels into tho shaky bog thoy oculdn't follow him because there waB only one way through it, and they didn't know that ; and if you missed yor footing going aftber him, you'd be swallowed down and niver heard of again. Tho shaky bog ran up to the foot iv the mountain there! you can eeo it yerself stretching away there beyant the fields. At length and at last tho Government said, I suppose, they'd stand it no longer, seeing nil their soljers going for nothing, aud bate be wan man ; and, faith, they put out u re ward for O'Keeffo, deed or alive, aud eint a halt a regiment of soljers in tbo village to \- take him ho fair means or foul, and find out whero the divil he was hiding at all. Howeomever, wid all the searching and oroi-'B hackling and rewards, no wan would toll through tho. manes iv being so fond iv O'Keeffe, and hating tho name iv an in former that runs down wid curses through the siven generations. Moreover, thoy didD't know whero he was hiding ; no wan knew that but his sweetheart, Kathleen O' Moore— and ehuro 'twas tho misfortune \- day for him that .bo had anything to say to JjOf. ' '» . Kathleen was as handsome a girl as over stepped on the pink flowers iv the heath : tall and straight as the mountain aBb, wii a Bliapely fare tho colour iv tho red apples m Autumn, and oyos aB blaok as tho sloos on tho blackthorn whin tho first touch iv the frost is hardening tho headB iv tho ourly pabbago. She was dairy maid up at. tho Great House kept in thim times bo won Mr Delany, a daoont man although a Protestant and a magistrate to 1,oot and na 1 I interfere to save tho poor people from the soljers vihin': it could be douo, whioh, God knows," wasn't vory'.oftin. HorEelf olid O'Keeffe were very great wid Wan another before tho Rebellion , end whin he took to tho mountains many's tho time ho(stole down in tho dark night to have a word, or maybe a kiss, from her ; running lis cock into tho haltor for that same. Twioo or three times in tho week she'd slip out tn tho night timo, or in the mista in tho morning across tho passago iv tho shaky bog that ho showed lior, and bring np the mouthful of dacont vittles uudhor her oloak, or maybe iho little dhrop to keep up his courage. I'coplo said that only for her he'd ho goue away to Franco long ogo in a ship than used to run iu iho keg of brandy below the rooks for the gintry, be smuggling, and tho divil a word said about the duty, thraison or no. The neighhonrR niver oared very much about the same Kathleen, sho was so flighty and quaro in herself— always thrying to put- on the airs iv the quality, and dhressing herself up out iv all raisou wid the go wus that tho young Mistresses used to givo her -whin they'd oome down from the Castle afthor tho Lavees, or whataomevor thoy oall it. She ufled to say, ehe was as good a lady as any iv thim, and haudoomer bo far if she I only got the ohance iv showing herself off. E People thought it was vory hud naythur iv k fe>5. to fa UJBPg life? 0 W wonia l snob a state of thronblo and misfortuuo, through tho manes lv tho aoljors, aud the hanging, and tho sthnrvation, and the divil knows what, that was going on at tho limo, and that 'twas no good luolc sho'd bring to Jim O'Koeffo in tho long run. Tho soljers, as I say, oomo for tbo taking of .Tim (J'Keoffo, booauso the Government wcro golting in dhrcud iv him ; nnd tho man who had ohargo iv Ihom was Captain Lennox, a tall, haudsomo Englishman, wid his long boots, and his red eout all covered with gold luco, and u thrco-oorncr hot on his lio'.id, and o long sword huugiug be his side. Oh, thoro's no two ways about it, ho was a grand mnn entirely 1 Ho soo a lot of fight ing, 'twas eaid, in Franco and Spain and otlior foreign latitudes, and was a regular divil at Shrinking, and all sorts and sizes iv raking aud roguery; and us for tho girls, the douco a wan of thim ivor Bit oyos on him that wouldn't olimb tho hobs iv Hell to get a smile from tho Oaptain. Ho was Btopping at Mr Dolanoy's hoUBO while ho wns hereabouts ; securing tho country all day for poor Jim O'Keeffo, and dhrinking and dnnoing and oard playing all night, and 'twas thoro ho first sat eyos on Kathleen O'Mooro ; and bad lnok to him for his tkroublo anyhow. Thin quaro ctories began to bo going around, about the Oaptain mooting K'ltliloon outsido in the grounds und whisporing to hor ; and her airs wore getting grandkor overy day ; and she was tying up liei hair liko tho young Mistessos, and talking Englifisd liko the Oaptain ; and Baying it's not tho likes iv Jim O'Keeffo sho need bo depending on ; and peoplo began to tbrimblo for tho Ribbonman, and the foolish girl that had his lifo iu her hands. All at wanst she dhropped off going next or near O'Keefo, and the talk about herself and tho Oaptain got loudher and leudher. Iv oourso not a sowl dare to say 1 boo,' for fear iv bringing tho soljers down on thoir- self, nnd thin 'twould ouly bo the rope aud tho branoli iv a three, and no moro law or logio nbout it. JNo wan oould soo tho Rib- bonmau, aitbor to give him tho beok or put him ou his guard, not railly knowing where ho was, and in dhroad iv being followed if they wont looking for him. Tho upBhot iv it was that, I suppose ho got tired iv being be himself all day in the mountains, thrying to snare a rabbit or stale on a plover ; or he war nnniflv in his mind about Kathleen. thinking she wns kilt maybe, or in some thronblo ; anyways, (he slipped down won night, pioking his stops wid no moro noisB than a shadow. He crossed the shaky bog, frightening tho snipo, and thin wont over tho ploughed fiolda and across the road into tho grovo back iv Mr Delany 'a houBo: Ho olimbed up tho wall iv the domasno as smooth as a oat afther a blackbird, and hid ing among the ivy, looked over into the lawn to see if tho ooast was olear, so that he'd give tho soreeoh iv the curlew three times, whioh was tho token he always gave whin he wanted her to oomo out. Just as ho peeped in he see the glitter of a goold uniform, for tho night was beginning to get lightsomo, though tho moon wasn't due for another hour at laist. He made oat the figure iv a tall soljor orawling along the shrubbery, houldiog his sword undher his arm, and poking his way, afeard iv making a noise. O'Koeffo got a start whin he see this, and put bis hand on the long knife that lie had stuck in tho holt around his waist. But, no ; the divil a notice tho other took iv him, only stood ondkor a three near at hand, and gave a whiBtle, and a couple iv_ minutes afther a woman walked aisy and quiet down the grass iv tbo lawn, and joined the soljer ondher the tbroo. Who was it but Kathleen O'Mooro 1 The Ribbonman hiild his breath, and oonldu't believes his eyes ; still, there she was, and sure ho ought to know her be fore anyone else in tho world. They were talking a piece in whispers, and thin they moved over near where he was doubled up in the ivy iv the wall, and he could hear what thoy wore saying. 4 Oh, Oaptain, jewel,' says Kathleen, 'I'm getting unea9y in me mind ; afeard "wo'll he found out. How is it going to ind atoll ?' ' Don't you thronblo yer purty. head, me darling girl, eays the Oaptain (for faith, it wub Oaptain Lennox himself). Thoy bad moro whispering, and tho Oap tain stooped down and kiEsed tho girl. The Ribbonmnn's heart Btopped, and he was fetching his knife wid a sovare grip. ' You know whore the dam Rebel is hid ing, Kathleen,' says the Captoin. ' I hear be all uooounts that he waB a lover iv yours.' 'He used to be, Oaptain, dear,' says Kathleen, 'but shuro that was before yev put the oomehither glance on me, and stole me heart from him altogether. I don't oare now if I never saw bim again.' ' Very good,' says tho Oaptain, ' I'll tell ye what wo'll do. I'm anxious to get out iv this boghole iv a country, and marry you and take yon over to England ; and it's the fine Tife and dhresseB and all sorts iv grandheur you'll have, and nothing to thronblo you for tho rest iv yer life.' 1 And will 1 bo with yer squills and all the .grand ladies?' says the foolish girl. 1 Aye, that you will,' says tho Oaptain. ' And it's a finer lady you are than the best iv them. Howsomever I can't stir a peg until we ketch O'Keeffe, and if you showed ub whero he was it's not long nor laisy we'd ho in surrounding him, and thin you and meself were off to England wid no wan a bit the wiser iv it.' Shure, if I bothrayed him,' says Kath leen, ' it's hanging him yo'd bo, and what would he do thin ? I don't caro much about him now, Captain, hut I wouldn't like to see him hung for all that.' ' That's the mistake you're making,' says the Captain. ' Ho won't be hung at all, if yoa show us whero ho is. Out iv regard for yorself I'll spake to tho Government and get him only transported, and he'll he left out again afther a year to two ; but if we take iiim by any other means it's hang or shot he'll bo without any purleying.' ' And I'd bo only saving his life to be giving him up ?' says Kathleen. That's all, eays the Oaptain ; and tho day you do -we'll get married and set sail for Ould England.' And suppose I was going to Bee him in the morning, whin the. mist is on the moun tain, and that yoa and yor men followed me, and found him out, shure, thin it wouldn't bo my fault,' says the Judas iv a girl. That's exaotly how it would be man aged,' says the Oaptain, wid a laugh. Just thin the Ribbonman was loosening wen iv the top stones iu the wall to S6nd it oraBhing thro' the Captain's skull, whin, as bad lnok would have it, it slippod away and down-into the lawn, making some noise. ' Stop, stop,', says Kathleen, ' what's thatP' Oh, it's only an owl, or a oat, or some thing in the ivy, says the Oaptain. ' How somever wo'll see,' Bnd drawing hiB sword he walked over and dhruv it in into the ivy. But the sou of the mountains, wid the feet iv the weasle and the sinews iv tho red deer, swung himself clear iv the wall, and clinging his leg into a young flr three dhropped out iuto the grove, not stirring a lafe, as light as a bird. Ho walked ofl undher the threes without a sound and out on tho road again, and aorosB over the ditoh into tho fiolds. Here ho stopped for a pieoo, ahrawing his breath hurd and his head sunk down on hiB shoul- dhors liko as if ho was stuck wid a knife, and he looked back wanst wid a groan and wiped his eyes wid tho sleeve iv his coat ; thin he walked away bIow to tho shaky bog. No wan oould tell the quaro sightB and soundB the Ribbonman see and heard that night. The moon was just oliinbing tho baok iv tbo mountain whioh was all dark yet wid the rays shiniug out on aicli sido looking liko a big black figger wid two whito arms stretching out to weioomo home the broken- bearlod outlaw. As bo passed uudhor tho threeB bo tho roadside tho big owl that oomes out in tho night flapped hor wings in his face. A moaning sound was spreading in tho topa iv the branohos that shivered bofor it and began wailing around him, and ho .know. tbo awtuir ing keon for tho last iv his raoo. Whilo ho wint aoross in tho yollow light, ho met tho Foxy Woman that walks the piougliod fii'lda in tho tipring, wid ho long ohawl covered bo hor rod hair, and hor corpso face and bor staring oyos looking at tho moonlight ; and shuro seoiug hor manes suddou doath. Going into iho slinky hog tho snipo roso up wid a soreeoh, nud wliirlod about wid the moon shining on thoir wot wings, nud thin dbroppod down again like falling stars (shuro his star was falling too !) : and slip ping up tho Bide iv iho mountain ho seos tho whith fog that tho sou' -wont wind was blow ing in from tho Itiantio spreading over tho land liko a winding shoot iv tho dead. But ho walkod into tho oavo with a hard look on his face, and didn't mind tho warning that his doad and gono rotations woro sending him iv ilia doom. Tho plaoe was all dork Insido, so ho straek tho flint and steel, and wont over to a corner and took up a handful iv the 'boohaleon tint was lying thore, and made a bit iv fire for himself, aud ho sat down on tho stono overright it. 1 1 don't oare whothor thoy see tho fire or tho smoke to-night, says ho, ' or wliethor thoy take mo or not. Lavo thiui tako mo onu hang mo ; it's no heart I've for any thing else, only I'd liko to etriko wan blow fnat. Ooh, sho sowled mo to tho Sassanaeh, and shuro I'd havo laid at hor feot and givon hor mo hoart's blood if she only Enid the word.' Then ho took a pnll at the 'pothoen' (and shuro tho oraythur wantod it) and sat down ou the stono again, looking hard_ at tho blaze wid Dig tears running down his brown ohe.oks, aud ho snuffing nnd trying to keop thim back. He began afther a pieco hum ming wan iv the onld tunos and bating time wid his leg agin tho floore, bringing baok the timeB whin himsolf and Kathleen wore dancing at the cross roads wid tho light iv love and fun in their oyos, aud 'l'hady Murphy, tho pipsr, squeezing tho bag aud blasting out the finest jig that ovor woko up merriment in boy or girl. Now nnd thin ho used wipe tho coars off bis face and givo a tit iv a moan, and thin ho'd take a pull al ways at the potheon. By nnd bye tho mist etolo up tho mountain and ho sees it standing at the opening iv tho oavo liko as if it camo to keop company with him in his sorrow, for thoy hod spint night afthor niglxt together on tho heath, ana many's tno time it rose aud ooneayled him whin tho Hessians or the Sassanaohs were staling on his thrnoksv Ho must havo gono to Bloop thiu, beoauso tho next thing ho sees was the bright morn ing etraiming in and Kathleen Btanding in tho fog at the ontranco iv the oave wid a basket in hor hand. ' I'm afther ooming, Jim,' says she, ' wid tho bit to ate for you. I wasn't able to be hero at all, all the week ; and Jim, asthore, how are you ?' He got up straightening himsolf and looked at hor as sho tried to smile the lie out iv her faoe. 'I don't want it, Kathleen,1 says ho; I'll niver take the hit and the sup out iv yer bandB agin.' 'What ails you, Jim ?' says she, noticing his dhrawn face and the terror iv his eyes. ' Heavsns 1 yer hair is white.' And so it was as whito as the fog that was peeping over her ehonldhers. He walkod over to her and looked iuto her face, and the big tears rolled down his oheeks. As she looked at tho splendid man standing like a statue in oold despair, and see the tears triokling away, she thought iv the joy iv tho ould times, aud the way his footsteps in the borheen in the evenings used to make her heart bate, and then hor treaohery to him leapod up blazing before her oyes, and her head hung down in horror and Bhame. ' Run, Jim,' says she all at wanst, ketoh- ing him be the arm and thrying to drag him like a mad woman, ' run for the lova of the Blessed Virgin. You're sould ; the soljers is ooming. Oh, God forgive ino 1 Ruu,- asthore, and. save, yorself ; I'll Btop' iiereJ shuro lave them kill me.' No,' says the Ribbonman, wid a tonoh iv pride iu his voice, 1 I'll not run ; I'll stand me ground and die like a man. Run ? and lave you to he— God iv Heaven — what ? . . , Ah, Katlilcou 1 you'U never kiss the Sassonaoh soljer again.' And saying this, he drew the knifo ont iv his belt and dhruv it into her heart. She shivored and thvied to apako, but the blood rushed out through her month, and she fell on the flaore dead. Ho stopped for a minnit looking at her wid the same wild stare in his eyt.-, and thin softened a bit and stooped down 'blinded wid the tears and kissed hor forehead, for the blood was flowing from her lips. Thin he leaped to his feot and ran over and took np his gnu and his powder horn and made ont. The mist was rising. Ho orawled over and lay down behind a big lump iv a rook, coneayling himself as well as he could, and peepodout; there, eliure enough, climbing up the pass was a body iv soljers headed he the Captain wid his sword in his hand urging thim on. They oidn't see O'Koeffo yet, as far as he oould make out, for they niver stopped. He waited until they oame within range iv his ould flintlock aud tbin ho covered the Oaptain aud fired. Down fell me bould Oaptain, tumbling out iv the path to be inado emithreous iv be the sharp edges iv the orags below. Tho miu stopped and fired at O'Keeffe, for satisfacbun, but 'twas no use. Thsy oame on agin ; he fired and down gooB another, and in this way they woro advancing and ho firiDg and billing a man at every shot. At long last his pow dher was gone, and they were nesting and noaring. On a suddint he throw down hia gun and stopped ont to the front iv the ledge over- right thim. He tore open tho breast iv his waiBtkit, and standing there he called oat in a voice that was hoard almost down in ths village 1 Fire 1 The soljers stopped. It was so on expected it gave thim a start ; or shuro maybe it was in admiration iv his courage ; for a soljer is a soljor no matter what colour he has on his baok. Thin they all raised their muskets and fired together. Whin the smoke riz thoy see there lying on the free mountain, torn and gashed to pieces be the bullets, wid his fnce half turned towards the oave, tho last mortul remains of the Ribbonman, O'Keeffo.- \- JAMES MCCADB, LL.B. 