TIIE FOURTH GENERATION. . ,, Y SIR WALTER BESANT, Sorts and Conditions of Men, . Herr Pnnlus," "Tho Master Craftsman," "Armorel of Lyon- esse," "St. Ives," "The World Went Very Well Then," &c.;, &c.; CHATTER VI. — (CONTINUED. 1 .Leonard took her hand and kiBscd it. There was nothing to be said. Tell me more," she said, "about your self." He told her, briefly, his position and his ambition. \ou have done well," she said, "so far —but take care. There is the Family Luck. It may pass, you over— but I don't know. 1 doubt. I fear. There are so manv kinds i, ltl'Bortune- I keep thinking of theru all. She folded Iter hands — resigned. «vr'!let tlou'jle t,0Ine to '"e," she said. , ot ,to J'» or tbe younger ones. To me. Unit is what 1 pray daily. I am too old to suffer. -Leonard, I remember now that your grandmother spoke in one of her letters of keeping the children from the Knowledge of all this trouble. Yes, 1 re member." 1 She went on talking; she told the whole of the family history. She narrated every misfortune at length. To Leonard, listening in that little back rooin with the gathering twilight and the Ji i a tile soR sad voit:e f tlic mourn- tul lady, there came again the vision of two women, both in widows' weeds, in the cot tage among the flowers— tree fuchsias, ehmbing roses, myrtles and Passion flowers. All through his childhood they sat together, seldom speaking, pale faced, sorrowful. He understood now. It was not tlieir husbands for whom they wept; it was for tho fate "which they imagined, to be hanging over the heads of the children. Once ho heard his mother say now the words came back to kim 'I hank God! I have but one." «c 'eon!ud'" "le 'd woman was going on, for fifty years I have been considering and thinking. It means some great crime. The . misfortunes began with my father; his life i has been wrecked and ruined in punishment for someone else's crime. His was the first generation; .mine was the second. All -our lives have been wrecked in punishment for that crime. Then came the third — your father died early and his brother ran away because he was a forger. Oil! to think of a Campaigne doing such a thing! That was the, third; generation. You are the fourth— and the curse will be removed. Unto the third and fourth— but not the fifth." "\es," said Leonard. "I believe — I now remember— tliey thought — at home — some thing of this kind. But my dear lady, consider. If misfortune falls upon us in consequence of some great crime committed long ago and impossible to be repaired or undone, what is there for us but to sit down quietly and to go on with our work?" Bhe shook her head. "It is very well to talk. Wait till the blows begin. If we could find out the crime — but we never can. If we could atone— but we cannot, w'c are so powerless — oh, my God! so powerless and yet so innocent!" She rose. She had said all she wished to say. Her face' was buried in her handker chief. 1 think it consoled her to cry over the recollection of her sorrows almost as . much as to tell them to her grandnepliew. "I will come again," he said. "If there is anything I can do — any increase to com fort — ' - "No— no — not that, dear Leonard. He will take it all" she pointed in the direction of the office, the front room. "Only come again; and let me see you, sometimes." He presBcd her hand again. "Have faith, - dear lady. We cannot be crushed in revenge for any crime by any oilier person. Do not think of past sorrows. Do not tremble at imaginary .dangers. The future is in the hands of Justice, not of Revenge." They were bravo words, but in his heart there lurked, say, the possibilities of appre hension. In the liall Samuel himself intercepted him, running out of his . office. "I had my tea in here," he said/'becauseT wanted her to have a talk with you alone; and I'm sick of her family, to tell the truth, except for that chance of the accumulations. Did she mention them?" lie whispered. ' "I thought she wouldn't. I can't get her to feel pro perly about the matter. Women have got no imagination — none. Well, a man like thaf ean't make a will. He can't. Good even ing, Mr. Campaigne. We rely upon you to maintain the interests of the family, if necessary, against madmen's wills. Those, accumulations— ah 1 " . CHAPTER VII.— IN THE LAND OF BEECHES. Leonard met Constance a few days later at the ciub, and they dined at the same table. As for the decision and the rejec tion, they were ignored by tacit consent. The situation remained unaltered. "You look thoughtful," she said; present ly, after twice making an observation which failed to catch his attention. "And you are absent minded." . "I beg your pardon, yes. That is, I do feel thoughtful. You would, perhaps, if you found your, family suddenly enlarged in all directions." "Have you received cousins from Amerjca?" \- "I -have received a great aunt, a lesser: aunt, and two second cousins. They are not. from/ America. They are, on the con trary; from tho far East End of this town; even from Ratcliffe or Shadwell, or perhaps Stepney." "Oh!" Constance naturally waited for more, if more was to follow. Perhaps her friend might not wish to talk of connections with 'Shadwell. "The great aunt is charming," ho con tinued; "the lesser aunt is not so charming; the second cousins are — are — well, the man is a solicitor, who practises in a police court, defending those who are drunk and dis orderly," with all who are pickpockets, hooli gans, and common frauds. "That promises many tilings." "Ho is something like my family— tall, with sharp features— more perhaps of the vulture than the eagle in him. But we may be mistaken. His sister is like her mother, shorthand round and plump, and— not to dis guise" the truth— common looking. But I should say that she was capable. She is a board school teacher. You were saying, the other day, Constance, that it was a pity that I had no poor relations." £ "I meant that you are u opuma. m fortune. You have your position already made; you have your distinguished _ Um- vereity career; you are getting on in the House, you have no family scandals or mis fortunes, or poor relations, or anything. "Well, this loss is now supplied by the accession of poor relations and—other things. Your mention -of things omitted re minded Fate, J suppose." "Do the poor relations want money . <fYes; but not from me. The solicitor thinks that there must be great sums of monev accumulated by the Patriarch of wlioiii T have spoken to you. Cupidity sent him to me. Partly he wanted to put in his claim informally, and partly he prepared the way to make me dispute any will that the old man may have made. He is poor and therefore he is grasping, I suppose. "I believe we all have poor relations, said Constance. "Mine, however, do not trouble me." . "There has been an enlargement in an other direction. A certain uncle of mine, who formerly enacted with much credit the old tragedy .of the Prodigal Son, has come back from Australia." "lias, he been living on the same diet as the Prodigal?" "1 don't know. He is well dressed, big and important. He repeats constantly that he is prosperous. I doubt somehow " "The, return of a middle aged prodigal is interesting and unusual. I fear I must not .congratulate you altogether on this unex pected enlargement." "Yet- you said I ought to have poor rela tions.'; However, there is more behind. What waB it you said about disgraces? Well —they've come too." "Oh! But, Leonard, I am very sorry, And i really- never supposed " "Of course not. It is the merest coinci- dence. But" I've" stepped into quite, a re markable- family history, full of surprising events— all of them disasters." ' you had already a remarkable fam- ily history." 'So I thought— ending with the ancient recluse of whom I have told you. We are rather proud of this old, old man — this sin gular being who has been a recluse for 70 Years, I have always known about him. One tlie very earliest things I was told Was the miraculous existence of this eccentric ancestor. They told me so much, I suppose, because f am, as a mutter of fact, heir to the <»tate whenever Unit happens to fall in. But I was never told — 1 suppose be cause it is a horrible story — why the old man became a recluse. That I only learned lestenjay from this ancient aunt, who is ic only daughter of. the still more ancient recluse. \\\ liy was it? That is — don't let me ask xT yolIr "rivate affairs." t !lt n"' 'fliere is nothing that needn t be proclaimed from the house top. icro never is. There are no private af- lairs, if we would only think so. Well— it ,tha.t one. <l«.y, 70 years ago, the othci-in-hiw ot this' gentleman, then a hearty young fellow of five Or six and twenty was staying at Uie Hall. He went on after breakfast, and was presently found murdered in a wood; and in conse quence of hearing this dreadful thing sud denly, his sister, my ancestor's wife, died on the same day. The ancient aunt was born on the day that the mother died. The blow i was certainly very terrible, affected my ancestor's bead; lie became at once ulint lie is now, a melancholy recluse, tak ing no longer the least interest in anything, it is to me very strange that a young man, strong physically and mentally, should not hate shaken off this obsession." "It does seem very strange. I remember that I had an ancestor murdered some where— father of one of my grandmothers, but your ease is different." "The aged aunt told me the story. She had a theory about some great crime having been committed. She suggests that the parent of the recluse must have been a great, unknown, unsuspected criminal — a kind of Gilles de Retz. There have been misfortunes scattered about; she related a whole string of calamities— all, she thinks in consequence of some crime committed by this worthy — as mild a Christian, I believe, as ever followed the hounds or drank a bot tle of port." "She is thinking, of course, of the third and fourth generation. To which do you belong?" "1 am of tlie fourth, according to that theory. It is tempting. It lends a new distinction to the family. This lady is im mensely proud of her family." "Of course, if there is no crime there can be no consequences. Have the misfortunes been very marked?" es, very marked and unmistakable mis fortunes." "What does your recluse say about them?" "He says nothing. He never speaks. Con stance, will you ride over with me and see the man and the place? It is only 25 miles or so. The roads are dry. There is a pretty village, an old church, an eighteenth cen tury house falling into ruins, great gardens all run to bramble and thistle, and a park, besides tlie recluse himself." "The recluse might not like my visit." "He will not notice it. Besides, he sleeps all tlie afternoon. When be is awake lie sees nobody. His eyes go straight through, one like tlie Roentgen ray. I believe he sees the bones and nothing else." The least frequented of the great high roads running out of London is assuredly that which passes through Uxbndgc, and so right into the heart of the shire of Buck ingham — the home or clearing or settlement of the Beeciics. Few bicycles attempt this road, tlie ordinary cyclist knows or cares nothing for .the attractions. Yet there is much to see. In one place you can visit the cottage where Milton finished "Paradise Lost." It is still kept just as when the poet lived in it. .There are churches every two or three miles, churches memorable for the most part', and beautiful. Almost every church in this country lias some famous mnn associated with it.' Ort the right ife the burial place of the Russells, .with tlieir an cient manor house, a joy and' solace for the eyes; also on the right is another ancient manor house. On the left is the burial place of Penn and Elwood, those two illustrious members of the Society of Friends. Or, also on the left, you may turn aside to see tho church and the road and the house of England's greatest patriot. Tlie road goes up arid tlie road goes down in long low hills and long low valleys. On this side and on that are woods and coppices and parks, with trees scattered about and country houses. No shire in England is more studded with country hous'es than this of Bucks. At dis tances of six .or eight miles, there stand the towns. All the towns in Bucks are small; all are picturesque. All have open market places and town halls and ancient inns and old houses. I know of one where there is an inn of the fourteenth century. I have had 'it sketched by a skilful limner and I call it the Boar's Head, Eastcheap, and I should like to see anybody question the au thenticity of the name. If any were so daring, I would add the portrait of Jack Fnlstaff himself, sitting in the great chair by the fire. On a fine, clear day in early May, two cyclists rode through this country. They were Leonard and his friend Constance. They went by train as far as Uxbridge and then they took the road. - At first, it was enough to breathe the pure air of the spring, to fly along the quiet road, While the rooks cawed in the trees, and over the fields the liirks sang. Then they drew nearer and began to talk. "Is, this what you brought me out to see?" asked Constance. "I am well content, if this is all. What a lovely place it is! And what a lovely air! It is fragrant; the sun brings out the fragrance from the very fields as well as the woods." "This is the quietest and the most beauti ful of all the roads near London. But I am going to show you more. Not all to-day. Wo must come again. I will show you Mil ton's cottage and Pom's burial ground,- John Hampden's church and tomb, and the old manor house of Chenies and Latimer. To- day I am only going to show you our old family house. It is now, unfortunately," in a condition of decay. You shall see the house and tlie church and the village. Then, if you like, we will go on to the nearest town and get some kind of dinner and go homo by train." "That will please me well." They went on in silence for a while. Leonard took up the parable again about bis family. "We have been in the same place," lie said, "for an immense time. Wo have never produced a great man' or a dis tinguished man. If you consider it, there are really not enough distinguished men to go round the families. We have twice.- re cently made a bid for a distinguished man. My own father and my grandfather were both promising politicians, but they, were both cut off in early manhood." "Both? What a strange tiling!" "Yes.. Part of what the ancient rauiit calls the family luck. We have bad, in' fact, an amazing quantity of bad luck. Listen. It is like the history of a house driven and scourged by the hand of fate." She listened while he went through the whole list. "Why," she said, "your list of disaster does really suggest ', the terrible words 'unto the third and fourth genera tion.' 1 don't wonder at yo-ar aunt looking about for a criminal. What had your fore fathers done?" "Let us get down and rest a little." They sat down on a stile, and tizvned the talk into a more serious vein. ' "What have my forefiathers done? No thing — of that 1 am quite certain. Our mis fortunes are all pure bed luck, and nothing else. Those words, however, do force them selves on one. 1 am pot superstitious, yet since that venerable dame However, this morning 1 argued witli myself. I said, 'It would be such a terirble injustice that innocent children should suffer from their fathers' misdeeds 'cliat it cannot be so.' And then I remembered bearing that there was somewhere among the Prophetic Books a passage strongly' expressing exactly the op posite opinion. . And I found it. Ezekiel it is'who 's'ays words'to this effect." They are very fine words. Do you know them?" "No." "Listen. 'What mean ye that ye use this proverb concerning tlie land of Israel, say ing, The fathers have ciiten sour grapes and the children's teeth are set on edge? As I live, saith the Lord God, you shall not use this proverb any more. Behold, all souls are mine: as tlie soul of the father, so also the soul of the son is mine. The soul that sinnelli, it shall die. But if a man be just, lie shall surely live.' " "Those are very fine words"— and; in deed, Leonard gave them with much solem nity. "At the same lime, Leonard, there are consequences of every act, consequences ivliieh may reach far down to many gener ations. A man loses his fortune and posi tion: down go the children and the grand children. A man makes a great name and a great fortune: he ennobles his descend ants. A mnn commits a shameful action: not only he but his children are disgraced." "Yes, yes, but 'if a man is good he shall surely live.' I repeat these words, yet — yet f confess that 1 have been shaken by the revelations of the old lady. They explain so much: Now I' understand why my mother s .sorrowful eyes were always rest ing upon me, as if in expectation. She was looking for some disaster, and I understand why I was kept in ignorance of these things. I began to be haunted by the 'third nnd fourth generation' words; so that it was like a direct message to read this passage of the Hebrew Prophet." It is very direct, certainly." And I have taken all the misfortunes in turn. I hey have nothing to do with hered ity. My great grandfather has his head turned by n great trouble. His son com mits suicide. Why? Nobody knows. The young sailor is drowned. Why? Because he is a sailor. The daughter marries beneath her station. Why? Because she was mother less and fatherless and neglected. My own father died young. Why? Because fever carried him off." Leonard, Constance laid her hand upon lus arm, do not argue the case any more. Leave it. A thing like this may easily be come morbid. It may occupy your thoughts top much. "Let me forget it, by all means. At pre sent! confess the question is always with "It explains something in your manner jestcrday and to-day. You are always ser ious, but now you are absent-minded. You troiible?"11 t0 thlnk t0 mUch aboufc these stniled. , "I am serious, I suppose, from the way m which I was brought up. We lived in Cornwall, right in the country, close to the sea shore, with no houses near us, until I went to school. It was a very quiet household: my grandmother and my mother were both in widows' weeds. There talking and no laughing or mirth of any kind within the house, and al ways, as I now understand, the memory of that misfortune and the dread of new mis fortunes were upon these unhappy ladies. Ihey did not tell me anything, but I felt the sadness of the house. I suppose it made nie a quiet boy— without much incli nation to the light heart that possessed most of my fellows." i-'1! am„glad J'ou liavo told me," she re plied. "It brings you closer. For now I understand you better." ' Ihey mounted tlieir cycles and resumed the journey in silence for some miles. 'Look!!' lie cried. "There is our old place. He pointed across a park. At the end of it stood a house of red brick, with led tiles and stacks of red chimneys: a house of two storeys only. In front was a carnage drive, but no garden or enclosure at all. The house rose straight out of the park itself. "At tlie back," said Leonard, are tlie gardens; but everything is grown over, nothing lias been done to the place for seventy years. I wonder it has stood so long. Ilicy turned off the road into tlie drive. "The old man, when the double shock fell , upon him, dropped into a state of apathy from which lie has never rallied. e . must go round by the servants' en trance. The front doors are never opened." The great hall with the marble floor made echoes rolling and rumbling about the house above as they walked across. There were arms on tlie walls and armor, but all rusted and decaying in the damp air. . There were two or three portraits on the walls, but the color had pqcled off and the portraits had become ghosts. "The recluse lives in tho library," said Leonard. "Let us look first at tlie other rooms." He opened a door. This was tho diningrponi. Nothing had been touched. There stood the great dining hall. Against the walls were standing a row of leather chairs. There was the sideboard; the ma hogany tilings were not affected by the long waiting except that they had lost their lustre. The leather on tlie chairs was decay ing and peeling off. The carpet was moth eaten and in threads. The paper on the wall, the old fashioned red velvet paper, was hanging down in folds. The steel fender was covered with rust. On the walls the pictures were in better preservation than those in tlie hall, but they were hopelessly injured by the dump. The curtains wore falling away from the rings. "Think of the festive dinners that have been given in that room," said Leonard. "Think of the talk and the laughter and the happiness! And suddenly, unexpectedly, the whole came to an end, and there has been silence and emptiness for 70 years." He closed the door and opened another.- This was in times gone by the drawingroom. It was a noble room, long, high, well pro portioned. A harp stood in one corner, its strings either broken or loose. A piano with the music still upon it stood open; it had been open for 70 years. Tlie keys were covered with dust and the wires witli rust. Old fashioncdsofas and couches stood about. The mantelshelf was ornamented with strange things in china. There were occa sional tables in the old 'fashion of yellow and white and gold. The paper was peeling off like, that of tlie diningroom. Over against the piano, in a strong light, hung a portrait better preserved than most. It was the portrait of a young man; a handsome young man, a young man with a singularly, pleasing and amiable face. Constance looked at it curiously. Then she started, "Leonard! — who is this?" "This? I believe it is my great-grand mother's brother. Why— now I know— my old aunt told me-o-this is the unfortunate man who was murdered. It must have been murder— she had but one brother — that caused her death and her husband's eccen tricities?" "Ilis murder? Oh! Leonard! Leonard! It is my own great grandfather. His name was Langley Holms. Oh, it was so long ago. 1' have never realised it before. 1 knew there was a murder but I did not in quire. I have another portrait of him ill my chambers. It was not so good as this. Oh! And to tliink that the murder hap pened here." "Constance? Is it possible? Then we are cousins." He liehl out his hand.- "Very distant cousins," she replied.. "But oil, how strange. 1 will tell you all I know about it. How lovely he is. Oh, what a brother to lose! I have been told . .- You see I am descended from him by the daughter and the granddaughtcr — and it is the latlier s Innuly which one thinks of most. He left one daughter only, named , Constance;' she was a child at the time of his death. Constance married a gen tleman nnmed Mortimer, nnd hnd a son and a daughter. The daughter married niy fatlier, Ml-. Edmund Ambry. I heard it was a family legend almost that my ancestor, this noble gentleman," she could not take her eyes from the portrait, "was staying with a friend, and was found murdered in a wood." "That is all there is to know, I believe! Except, as 1 told you, the news killed his sister the same day. If this portrait can be preserved I will have a copy made for you, Constance." "Oh! If you would — if you would. Leo nard, shall we limit up all we can find about tlie murder? It is too late to discover any thing more about it; but I should like to know what really happened." Leonard took down the portrait and turned its face to the wall. "I will give it to the old housekeeper to keep," he said, . "until. I can send, for it. Come, now, 1 want you to see the man himself who mar ried your ancestor's sister. Her portrait is somewhere her, among those around us, but they are too far gone. Come, we will step lightly, not to wake him." He led her across the hall again, and opened very softly the library door. Asleep in an armchair by the fire was the most splendid old man Constance had ever seen. He was of gignntic stature; his long legs were outstretched, his massive head lay back upon tho chair — a noble bead witli fine and abundant white Hair, and broad shoulders and deep chest. He was sleeping like a child, breathing as softly and as peace fully. In that restful countenance there was no suggestion of madness or a dis ordered brain. Constance stepped lightly into the room and bent- over him. His lips parted. He murmured something in his sleep. He woke witli a start. He sat up and opened bis eyes, and gazed upon her face with a look of terror nnd amazement. She stepped aside. Tlie old man closed his eyes again, and his head fell back. Leonard touched her arm and they left the room. At tho door Constance turned to look at him. He was asleep again. "He murmured something in his sleep. He was disturbed. He looked terrified." "It was your presence, Constance, that in some way suggested the memory of his dead friend. Pcrhnps your face reminded him of liis dead friend. Think, however, what a shock it must have been to disturb the bal ance of such a strong man as that. Why, he was in the full strength of bis early man hood. And he never recovered — all these seventy years. He lias never spoken all these years, except onee in my hearing — it was in his sleep. What did ho say? 'I can speak and end it.' Strange words." Tlie tears were standing in tlie girl's eyes. "The pity of it, Leonard! The pity of it!" "Come into the gardens. They were for merly, in the last century — when a certain ancestor was a scientific, gardener — show gardens." They were now entirely ruined by seven ty years of neglect. The lawns were covered with coarse rank grass; the walks were hid den; brambles grew over the flower beds; tlie neglect was simply mournful. They passed through into tlie kitchen garden, over the strawberry beds and the asparagus beds, and everywhere spread the brambles witli the thistle and the shepherd's purse and all the common weeds; in the orchard the trees were dead, and under the dead boughs there flourished a rank under growth. "I have never before," said Constance, "realised what would happen if we suffered a garden to go wild." "This would happen — as you see. I be lieve no one has so much as walked in tlie garden except ourselves for seventy years. In the eyes of the village, I know, the whole place is supposed to be haunted day and night. Even tlie chance of apples would not tempt the village children into this garden. Come, Constance, let us go into the village and see the church." It was a pretty village, consisting of one long street, .with an inn, a small shop and post office, a blacksmith's and one or two other trades. In the middle of the street a narrow lane led to the churchyard and. the church. The latterj much too big for the village, was an early English cruciform structure, with later additions and improve ments. The church was open, for it was Saturday afternoon. The chancel was full of monu ments of dead and gone Campaignes. Among them was'a tablet "To the Memory of Langley Holms, born at Great Missen- den, June, 1708, found murdered in. a wood in this parish, June I4th, 1826. Married February 1st, 1824, to Eleanor, daughter of the late Marmadukc Flight, of Little Benu- champ, in this country; left one child, Con stance, born January 1st, 1825." "Yes," said Constance, "one can realise it; the death of wife and friend at once, and in this dreadful manner." In the churchyard an old man was occu pied witli Borne work among the graves. He looked up, and straightened himself slowly, as one with stiffened joints. "Mornin', sir," he said. "Mornin', miss. I hope I see you well. Beg your pardon, sir, but you be a Campaigne for sure. All tho Campaignes are alike— goodly men they are, and good to look upon. But you're not so tall, nor yet so strong built as the squire. Been to see the old gentleman, sir? Ay, ho do last on, he do. It's won derful. Close on ninety- five he is. Every body in the village knows his birthday. Why, he's a show. On Sundays in sum mer, after church, they go to the garden wall and look over it, to see him marching up and down the terrace. He never sees them, rior wouldn't if they -were to walk beside him." "You all know him, then?" "I mind him seventy years ago. I was a little chap then — you wouldn't think I was ever a little chap, would you? Seventy years ago I was eight — I'm seventy-eight now. You wouldn't think I was seventy- eight, would you?" A very garrulous old man, this. "I gave evidence, I did, at the inquest aftpr the murder. They couldn't do nohow without me, though I was but eight years old." "You? Why, what had you to do with the murder?" "I was scaring birds on the hill side above the wood. I see the squire — he was a fine big figure of a man— and the other gentle man crossing the road and coming over the stile into the field. Then they went into the wood together. The squire caine out, but the other gentleman did not. They found him afterwards in the wood with his head smashed. Then I see John Duiining go in— same man as tliey charged witli the murder. And lie came runnin out — scared like with what he'd seen. Oil! I see it ail, and I told them so, -kissing the Bible on it." ' "I have heard that a man was tried for the crime." "He was tried, but lie got off. Every body kuows lie never done it. But they never found out who doue it." "That is all you know about it?" "That is all, sir. Many a hundred times I've told that story. Thank you, sir. Mornin", miss. You'll have a handsome partner, miss, and he'll have a proper missus.'" "So," said Leonard, as they wulked away, "the murder is stiff remembered, and will be, I suppose, so long as anyone lives who can talk about it. It iB strange that we should get all the information so soon after your discovery of the picture." They mounted tlieir wheels and rode away in silence. But tlie iov had cone out of the day. The evening fell. The wind in tlie trees became a dirge; their hearts were full of violence and blood and death; in their cars rang the cries of a bereaved woman, ; and tlie groans of a man gone mad with trouble. (To be Continued.) 