YACKANDANDAH. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) On Friday evening, the 17th ult., a con- firmation service was held here by Dr. Cooper, Suffragan Bishop of Ballarat, assisted by the incumbent, the Rev. H. M. Worry. There were 62 candidates for confirmation who came forward to renew the vows which their sponsors took for them at their baptism. The females were slightly in the majority. There were several adults in the number. They were gathered from every part of the parochial district, which is a very large one. Some had to travel a distance of 24 miles to attend the service. The time for the commencement was 7 30 p.m., and at that hour the pretty little church was quite filled with the candi- dates for confirmation and their friends. A number who were unable to find seats had to stand in the aisle or wait in or near the porch, and one side of the choir was given up for the use of the congregation. The service itself as given in the prayer book is very short. The time was occupied chiefly by the addresses of the Bishop, and, by the set of confirmation when he laid his hand on the head of each one, kneeling at the communion rails, while he uttered the words which have been used over so many thousands already just starting life on their own account, " Defend, O Lord, this thy servant, with the heavenly grace, that he may continue Thine for ever, and daily increase in Thy Holy Spirit more and more until he come unto Thine everlasting kingdom." The Bishop's manner was impressive, and although his addresses took up a good deal of time, they were so earnest and the style was so simple that the attention never flagged. His text was taken from Revelation 11, 10 — " Be thou faith- ful unto death, and I will give thee a crown of life." The Bishop endeavored to impress on the candidates the necessity of faithfulness to their God, to themselves, and to the vow they were taking. He used as an illustration the oath of fidelity to their Queen which was taken by the men of the Victorian contingent just sent off to South Airica. This, he said, was similar to the vow taken by those who came to be confirmed, that they would obey their Lord and King. They were soldiers also who had great deal of fighting before them against the world, the flesh, and the devil, and only by being faithful to their King and Master could they hope to gain the " crown of life " which was promised in the second part of the text. The hymns were from " Hymns Ancient and Modern," and were heartily sung by all the congregation. " Come, Holy Ghost, Creator, blest," was used at the opening of the service. The others were " Thine for ever, God of love," and " Oh, Jesus, I have promised to serve Thee to the end." The Bishop left early the following day for Bright. 