IPfeadantriedi 'fancied — — — atf !*?' ' ' ? AN ATTEMPT TO LEARN THE BAGPIPES. \- Thus Dan Leno in his book : — ' In- the ?wliolc courso of my studies I never had suCk an exciting time as when I tried to obtain ?complete mastery of bagpipes in seven lessons without a master. I Was not particularly fond -of the instrument, and I think I can under stand why it is rarely played .at symphony ?concerts. But I had an absprbing curiosity to find out wliother I could produce a pathetic cffect by sqaealing the ' Maiden s Prayer ^ on it. I thought it would be the most touching musical performance ever known. My first ?attempt was startling. I had shut the door and taken a largo mouthful of the pipes, and ?after blowing away until my teeth nearly dropped out I managed to fill the bag ov cis tern with several gallons of south-west wind. Nothing happened for a few minutes, but just as I was panting and sighing before starting again the instrument seemed to wake up sud denly to a sense of its surroundings, and 'Started screaming and wailing and spitting. It sounded like thirty cats with their tails in a mangle. I dropped the thing in terror and .rushed from the room. now SHE SIGNED THE CHEQUE. The other day a young lady, daugher of a 'well-known capitalist, drove up to the door of a jeweller's shop, went in, and selected a turquoise and diamond valued at £50. Sho ?quietly made out her cheque for that sum and passed it to ? the .assistant. The alert young man glanced at it, and then looked inquiringly ly up at the young lady. ' There is some mistake here, I think,' said ho with an apologetic smile. The young . Jady flushed, and demanded to know if the cheque was not for the right amount. .She was told it' was, ibut— : — ' 'But what?' she exclaimed lhaughtily. ' Do you mean that my cheque is not acceptable?' The assistant mildly acknowledged that he knew quite well who the young lady was, but explained that the ?cheque was not made out as it should be. And he handed it back. The girl ran her eye over it, and then turned a deep crimson. ' Oh,' she exclaimed, ' I see !' And then she ^proceeded to make out another cheque. . She had signed the first note, ' Tour own sweet heart, Jessie.' FRUITS OF TRAINING. , They had gone through the fire drill for -weeks, and the other day when visitors were present the teacher thought it well to show the result of their training. 'What is your first duty in case of fire ?' she inquired ol the school. ' Sue the insurance company, shouted a .youngster whose father's place of business has been burned out several times. . HIS REPUTATION WAS PROTECTIVE. ' I thjnk I just owe you a lickin',' said the ?big man threateningly. ' Possibly, possibly,' replied the little maji carelessly, 'but if you live up to your reputation you will not think \- of paying it until you have been dunned for it at least a year.' NECESSARY PRECAUTIONS. The young wife arid mother was going to the theatre with her husband. She had kissed :the baby for the last time until she returned, ?and then kissedhim again. She had carefully 'locked every door in the house and ail the windows. She had turned the gas to the exact point at which it was to be left until her return. She had attended to the grate, and -warned Bridget not to meddle with it for fear . ? of fire. She had put the cat and dog in the stable, and had wrapped a newspaper around \- the canary's cage. And then she was ?ready. She locked the inside door and tried it. ' Then she looked the outside door and tried it. Then she opened the outside door and tried the inside door again. Then she locked the outside door again, tried it and they ?started. They had proceeded two streets, and her husband had just begun to congratulate himself that she was really ready, when she ? suddenly stopped. ? ?' John', she said, ' I must go back and tell cridget to be sure not to wake the baby up ' .umless he wakes himself.' ?...„? I HE DIDN'T SIT IT OUT. ?.???.?'.: 1 He was a fragile youth, and didn't dance . ?all the dances. ' Let's sit it out' he said to his pretty ( partner. ' Where ?' she asked. ' On the stairs.' So they went up a little way and sat down. ' Wli-why, wliat's the matter, Mr. Stack- ? jpolo ?' cried the fair young girl. , Tor the . ?young man had hastily risen, and was gasp ing for breath. He could not reply. His 'face was livid, his eyes were rolled up, and ?with one shaking hand he clawed feebly at . ? the skirts of his dress coat. ' What kind of attack is it?' she gasped. . At this question his voice came back to him. 'What difference does that make?' ho harshly growled. Then, without a word of apology he dashed up the stairs and flung ? himself into the gentlemen's coatroom. . And how was she to know that it was an ordinary carpet tack that the man who can vassed the stairs had .carelessly left standing ? on its head ? TRANSLATION TOO LITERAL. A Queenslander who has just returned from a trip abroad that combined several months Of professional study with a number ?of weeks of sight-seeing tells a funny story of -? a German medical student who was inordi nately proud of his knowledge! of the English language. It occurred during a rocitation hour in a well-kno.wn college in Berlin, and the lesson had just been interrupted by the -arrival of several prominent Germans ac ? companying a distinguished American tra veller. The proiessor in charge ot tho recitation saw his opportunity to plcaso the the noted visitor, and immediately proposed to his linguistic pupil to translate a verse of the German Bible into English. The guest \- expressed his anticipatory pleasure, tho Biblo was opened, a verse chosen at random, and tho proud student stood up and assumed an important air. The lines selected were from tho story of tho apostle's sleep in the Garden of Geth semane. 'The spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak,' which tho medical studont treated in the free and easy manner of 'Tho ? ghost indeed is ready, but the meat is poor.' AX UNHAPPY HETAPIIOR. ' What is that French officer so excited ? and angry about?' ' Some one, intending to be complimentary, spoke of him as having forged his way to tho ? front,' . ? 