A Song of Thursday Island and'the Prince of Wales Group. Bold Torres, the sailor, came and went, With his swarthy, storm-worn band. He saw Saavedra's Isle to north- . To south a loom of land. He left, unknowing his name would live Through ages big with Fate, As the- first to stom with his broad-bowed ship The wash of the Northern Strait. , Round the western coast the Dutch ships crept, Seeking the hidden way; Some left their bones on that bare west coast, And the others sailed away, Turned back, turned back, by reef and rock; Twin guards of the: narrow gate The path of the sun from the eastern seas They were mocked by the Northern Strait. Year in, year out, the monsoons swept O'er the isles off the coral shore. The savage tossed in his frail canoe, Rut the white man came no more. No sail In sight at the flush of dawn! No sail at the gloaming late! Silent and still was tho lonely pass Unsought was the Northern Strait. A rattle'of arms and a roll of drums; And the meteor flag flies free. As an English voice proclaims King George Lord of that tropic sea. The parrots scream as the volleys flash, The gulls their haunts vacate; And the "south-east" fills the Endeavour's sails As she heads through the Northern Strait. ... And ever since then has our watch been kept O'er the ships in the narrow way. Where the smoking funnels flare by night And the house-flags flaunt by dayl Ever the same strong south-east blows, And ever we watch and walt, The wardens we, In Australia's name, The guard of the Northern Stráít. Over banks of pecirl our watch we keep; . Over sands where the drown'd men rest. Ever we signal the ships from east, And watch for the ships, from west. The shelling luggers so frail we guard, As well the steamers great. To the saucy schooners we shelter give When they meet in the Northern Strait. But when the gale from the north-west comes, And storm-hail-lashes the-decks, We can only watch while our shores are strewn .With dead men and shatter'd. wrecks. When dark clouds mourn with weeping rain ; And skies are mirk with fate, . And the cyclone.wave comes sweeping by Then there's death in the Northern Strait. But Avhen that the trade wind blows once more, And clear are the starbright nights, And pass and shallow, and nook and shore, . Shine gay with the riding lights, Then the-dead, down deep where the gorged sharks play, Rise up, each one with his mate,. And those who wake 'ere the break of day See the ghosts of the Northern Strait. ERNEST FAVENC. 