A MAN AND HIS MONEY. BY JENNY WREN. CHAPTER XI. The days went on, but Henry Renton was still unsuccessful in his search. The Yews was now nothing more than a desolate ruin, and the grounds a wilderness ; yet day by day he grew keener, and neglected his business more and more, until at last he gave up going to his office altogether, and so money ceased coming in, and poor Mrs. Renton fell into despair over her heavy debts. One evening Henry Renton had fallen asleep after dinner. He had suffered of late from insomnia, and began to get frightened at the shooting pains which ran through his head. But this evening he slept, and old Pete's ghost came to him in a dream, and pointed to a tree, under which the treasure was hidden. And in this dream he dug down deeply until his spade grated on an iron, box, and he awoke with a wild cry of delight. He started up, with the dominating idea to try and verify this dream. Not a moment must be lost. The vision had been sent to help him. He hurried out of the house just as he was, without his hat, and without the knowledge of any member of his family. He raced along the road, and arrived at the tall iron gates, in a breathless, panting condition. In the warm spring night, the Yews bore a terribly dreary aspect. The dilapidated walls, the atmosphere of desolation which surrounded it, the dark avenue of trees which bordered the drive, nearly all dead or dying, because their roots had been cut at and killed through the excavations. Renton paused a moment, and looked round him with a shudder. The effects of his dream passed from him for a moment, and the awful uselessness of the whole thing was borne in upon him. What if, after all, he never found the money ? He had wrecked his business and wrecked his health, perhaps, for a mere idea. The still silence of the starlit night seemed to calm him, and the result of his rashness appeared to him with startling force. He put his hand to his head with a low moan. A slight sound struck on his quick ear, and he turned at once in the direction from whence it came. It was over against the east wall, and the sound was a rustle - a faint rustle, scarcely audible except to an overstrained ear. As Henry looked, suddenly an indistinct outline of a dark head appeared over the wall, then a body, which stood at the top for a second, clearly silhouetted against the sky, and then dropped noiselessly down on the ground below. Immediately all thoughts of a soberer kind fled from Henry Renton. A throb of fury shot through his feverish brain, and murderous intentions rose in his heart. To Be Continued. 