AT'TIE wlON OF 1'1EE "" FOIt'tUNE OF WA,." . --.-~--.. It is a well-known saying that ' mur der will out,' and in many cases true enough; but I question if any murderer was ever brtught to justice in a stranger way than the one I helped to track down. Many years ago, over fifty it must be, I became my uncle's heir, and took possession of a lonely wayside inn, known as the ' Fortune of War.' It stood bleak, gaunt, and unsheltered in one of the loneliest parts of England, never mind in which country. It is enough to say that, glad as I was in my ' hardest up' time to become its 'owner' the ' Fortune of War,' gave me a bad fit of the blues when I first set eyes on it. Here was I, by nature a sociable chap, set down in such a lonesome, dreary bit of country as I believed old England could show. I had lived nearly all my life in Devonshire, where the country is all ups and downs, as the saying is, and the difference was amaz ing. Look whichever way you would, 'twas all the same, a stretch of sky and a stretch of land that looked almost as bare and flat as the sky. At the back of the house was a good-sized piece ofI garden, beyond that a stream of water, and still further, but more to the side of the house, were two pools that look ed as deep and black as the bottomless pit itself is said to be. They were so decl, and full of holes that, even in the hardest winter, they scarcely froze, and the ice on them was only like a dark brown film. About half a mile away, across a couple of fields, the light caught the reflection of a third pool of water. This. one differed from the others in being very shallow. It was stagnant, too, and aways had a scum of green duck weed scattered on its surface, and the frogs collected there in such numbers that their dismal croaking could be heard at the inn, when the wind was blowing that way. To the left of it a path ran which joined the high road farther along. There was no sign-of a house to be seen, nor yet the smoke from a chimney, just to give a neigh bourly look, and I wondered what Mary would think of the place. Though I have liveo beyond my allotted time. and it happened fifty long years ago, I can remember as if it were but yester day how the old place looked when I first set eyes on it. The sun was near setting at the close of a November day as we drove along -I and my wife and the, driver- and presently we came in sight of a Louse whose windows seemed ablaze with flaring I ght. I never saw such a sun set before, and never since. There were dull splotches'of crimson upon the stained yellow of the-walls, and a solitary poplar growing at the gate looked like a gaunt sentinel on duty. the uncanny, red glow was over every thing, and the depths of the pools gave out strange lights that glowed blood red. I gripped my companion by the arm, and pointed tothe house as we drew nearer. ' Whose house is that ?- the dreariest looking place I ever set eyes on i' He burst into a loud laugh;, that threatened to choke-him, and then said facetiously : ' Why that there house belongs to one Joel Hopkins by name; 'tis known hereabouts as the ' Fortune of War' ha i ha l' He slapped his thigh, partly at his own wit, and partly at the sight of my face, for I, being Joel Hopkins, stared at him open mouthed. 'A neat little place, too,' he resumed after a time, when he had carefully brushed away the tears of m-rriment from his eyes with' the back of his hand, and his face had changed from purple to its customary ruddy tint, ' and a nice little stocking- full your uncle made in it. You see, in spite of its lonely looks, it catches a deal of traffic one way and another. There's them people on itheir way to the fairs, and the coaches pass tolerable frequent,' and 'tis a dusty toad, as you see for your self, and the dust's got to be laid in people's throats. So that, altogether, friend Hopkins you're a fortunate man. There's deal worse things than loneli ness." And he heaved a big sigh. I heard afterwards that his wife had 'a tongue with a tang,' so that ac counted for his envying me a quiet life. The sun had set by the time we reached the ' Fortune of War,' and the glow had faded from its walls. Well, they say that people get used to everything after a while, and by the time Mary and the little one were com fortably settled in we got used to the loneliness of the life. For it was lone some, especially at night time, when there wasn't a sound, unless the poplar rustled and bent in the breeze, and the frogs set up their everlasting croaking. But a man's home is his home for all that, and indoors everything was snug and warm. Uncle Joe had left us a comfortably furnished house. When the curtains were drawn and the lamp was lighted, I with my pipe, the' wife sitting by with her sewing, and I the little one mn her cot, or crawling about on the rug at our feet, I didn't envy the highest in the land. In the daytime it was different. Mary didn't I mind the loneliness, but I sorely missed the chats I used to have and the com panionship of other men. Those were not the times when every working man had his daily paper, ann got the news t red-hot a:- he does now. No, at that time news travelled slowly. People living in lonely parts generally got their news by word of mouth; the railroad ihad not been seen in our part of I the country. All this made nme set a great store in companionship, but as I was alwa)s a man given over much to likes and dislikes, and slow to I know strangers, even in that solitude I didn't make free with all those I did I see. There was one man who came round once a fortnight. He was a packman by trade and known to every . body as ' Pedlir Jock.' He carried his pack strapped to his back, and trudged along with a heavy, knobbled stick in his hand. Many a lonely mile he s travelled on foot, selling his wares to t the villagers and servants in the country houses, and even to the great ladiest themnselves. The pedlar was an impor- i f rant man in those days, not only carry- t ing small wares in the shape of buttons and thread, as he does now, but silk pieces, ribbons, valuable lace, and even jewellery sometimes, when commis- ii sioned by the great ladies. He was ap welcome visitor in cottage and hall, and f: a great retailer of the latest gossip from f[ the world. I grew to welcome him, n too, as eagerly as any, and he was first c favourite of all our customers with the d wife and me. A pleasant-looking chap ti he was ; not over tall, with a lean, wiry figure that make walking easier to him than to most men; keen black r- es, and hair thickly flecked with Ic grey. ,r Every for:night, rain or shine, as re gular as clockwork, he appeared at the ' Fortune of War,' his round over, with it an empty pack and full pockets, on his id way home to bring round a fresh stock le of goods. t He did a roaring trade, and I some d times warned him that he ran a risk of j, having his money stolen on those lonely is walks. ' I've been on the road now these r' twenty years, and never was attacked d by foot-pads but once. I suppose they ,n don't like the look. of my travelling le companion here; it did me good ser e, vice that day,' and he shook the knob d bled stick significantly, d It was the life, not the money, he e cared about, for, one evening, as we e snmoked our pipes together, leaning in z- our usual way over the little bridge that spanned the river, he told me that he' i, had no belongings. d 'I'd once a wife and little one'like is yourself,' he said, and his 'black eyes k looked less keen than usual. I )I buried them both the same day, mother r, and child together, and it was this witn e dering, restless life that -kept me from going mad. 'Tis just the lile that suits is me and heaven 'grant that I. die in o harness' e He knocked the ashes from his pipe, d went into the house ' to say good night k to Mary, and set off on his lonely tramp. He got his wish, poor chap ! a One day, business being slack, I left e the wife in charge, and walked to the 5- nearest town, about five miles away. g We were running short of drinkables, i, and, after leaving the order at the brewery, I walked about a bit, and had e a chat with one and another, until it s was time to go home, for I'd promised e Mary to be back early. The first sight .s that met my eyes as I crossed the fields a was a man digging in the garden. d Who's that?' I asked Mary, as she acame out to meet me, with the little e one holding on to her gawn. I wasn't best pleased, for, in my hasty way, I'd taken a dislike to the fellow's appear ance at first sight. ' A poor man on the tramp for work Joel; I gave him 'some meat and bread,. and a mag on ale, on condition he dug up the potato patch.- You know you've been going to do if, on and off, e or a long while. I thought it such a g good opportunity. 'Po'br creature, he must have beenstarving, for he ate the e food like a wild beast. I knew you'd h be pleased.' e She evidently was, and, woman-like, thought all the more of her bargain for a getting it cheap. To tell the truth, I was uncommonly pleaised .too to see that potato path nicely turned'over, but I wasn't going to let the wife see that, and he was as unpleasant-looking a customer as ever I saw I went out e again presently, and watched him. He e was'a farm labourer, if his smock-frock and clay-stained trousers were to be taken as evidence, and he threw up the clods of earth as if they had been no heavier than thistledown. He was strongly built, with huge hands and feet and a face as expressionless as the palm 0 of your hand. He refused to meet my a eyes, but slouched over his spade, 'and darted a furtive look at me when" he thought I wasn't looking. Though I disliked his appearance. I saw, he was a fellow to work, and I- told him that if he didn't find employment on one of I the old farms in a few days' time, he could come and do one or two odd jobs for me. About a week later he turned up again, having found no regular work. A stained, dilapidated, old blue coat, with large brass buttons, had taken the place of the smock, and his trousers hung in festoones about his ankles. He was such a miserable looking beggar that, though I disliked him as ever, I hadn't the heart to refuse him work. After all, the poor devil couldn't alter the appearance nature had given him ; so, acting against my instincts, I gave him work that kept him going for a few days. The day for Pedlar Jock's visit drew near, and) sure enough he turned up at ! his usual time. The wife and I had just finished dinner, and .lary.was calling in the man from the garden to give him his meal, when the pediar's hearty voice sounded beside us. He Swas eager to get a toy out of his pack for the little one, and resting it down, I opened it out. As he did so, the wash Sleather bag containing his money fell, \- with a clank, to the ground. I was fac ing the door, and at that moment the labourer entered inresponse to my wife's call. As the metallic ring of the money Ssounded, the first expression I had ever :seen on his stolid face passed across it. Very slight it was, only, maybe, like a 1' pool when a light breeze wrinkles its Ssurface, but there was a greedy look in Shis eyes that made me think he was, perhaps, not such a fool as he seemed. SPicking up the bag of money, I stuffed it into the pack. Pedlar Jock was fool hardy. The man was leaving that day, for I had no more work for him, and when he had finished his dinner I paid him Ihis wages, and saw him slouch away down the road. He never looked back once, and I was uncommonly glad to see the last of him, as I thought. Pedlar Jock left us again at his usual time. Whether it was the toasted cheese for supper or not, I had fearful dreams that night. Nothing a body could catch hold of as it were, but in describable danger and gloom seemea hanging about. The very vagueness made it worse, and when I awoke in the morning, I felt lowspirited enough for anythmng. Time went by as usual, but the Wednesday didn't Pedlar Jock 'Twas an unheard of-thing, and the first time he had missed coming sin'e we had settled in the neighbourhood. A keen disappointmnent it was to both of us, and when we sat down in the evening we owned it to each other. As for me, I didn't know how I liked the sight of his lean, brown face and the sound of his cherry voice until I knew the loss of them. My pipelacked its flaovur, and was bitter in my mouth. Chaps who make few a few friends count all the more on those few. Several days passed, and we saw nothing of the pedlar. On: morning, who should arrive but our friend the tramp. He didn't want work, having procured it, he said, in the fields of a farmer in the neighbourhood. He paid for it too, though his worldly gear did notshow signs of improvement. His coat was more weather-stained and dilapidated than before, and in addi tion had lost one of the bright buttons y I at the top, and a jagged piece of the o cloth had gone with it. k A sudden thought struck Mary. h 'Sure enough, he'd do to hire for a scarecrow,' she said, the untidy rent offending her eyes. ' There's that old .e coat of yours, Joel, hanging up in the h lobby; he may as well hav- it instead is of that rag.' k The man eyed her over his tankard of ale, with his shifty gaze, looking uncommonly pleased, and presently if walked away in a coat of mine that, y though old, looked magnificent in com parison with the one he left behind. e We suggested that he should take it d away, but he gave one of his cunning y leers, and shook his head. Mary flung it into the outhouse later on, remark r- ing that it would do to put up on a stick to.scare away the birds when the fruit was ripe e All this time I could not shake e Pedlar Jock from my thoughts. To morrow was the day he ought to come, t and I vowed to myself that if he did e not put in an appearance I would start a-search for him. - e He did not come on the following s day, but on the Thursday a man -rode I- by who lived in the town where the r pedlar was well known-in fact, where -he made his headquarters. John Hay; a crolft said that Jack had not .been at s home, he knew, for ttat his (Haycroft's) wife wanted to purchase some -ribbons arid other gewgaws, and.had asked her husband to call at the pedlar's lodgings. t That decided me. I went to the squire, who was a justice of the peace, and lived at the- great house near the , village, and represented to him my fear that the pedlar might have met with foul play. The following day the stream was dragged, and the two deep near the ' Fortune of War,' and one or twd piecas of water on the pedlar's t beat, with no result. Jock had com pletely . disappeared from the neigh bourhood. He was missed by many, but by nobody more than ourselves. One evening I stood leaning on the rail of the little bridge, smoking a pipe and thinking of him. We had so often stood there together that 'twas but natural he should be in my thoughts, and I was puzzling my brains to find a reason for his absence. I remember it all so well. There was a bird picking away close beside me on the rail, looking up at me with his bright eyes, his head perked, im pudently on one side. Suddenly I felt the wellknown slap on my back with which Jock generally greeted me; the bird flew up with a whirr of wings, and I turned round, uttering a delighted -exclamiaion. - 'Yes ; there he stood, with his pack strapped to his back stick- in hand, r looking just as usual, and'yet there was I something in his eyes that made my outstretched hands drop to my sides t with a queer, paralysed feeling that I couldn't understand. Touch him, lay a finger on him, I daren't, though I t felt a fool for my pains, and the slap e on my back had been real enough. SVWe looked full in each other's faces for a little space of time; then Jock a raised his hand, and pointed across the fields in the direction of the stagnant s pool . t 'Twas broad daylight, mind you, and a little glint of sun caught the pool, and seemed to point it ou: too.' I let 1 my eyes follow the direction of the out. stretched hand, and for an instant the f paralysed feeling came over me again, s and the pipe fell on the ground at my f feet. "Then the numbness passed off, f and I stooped to pick it up.- When I : raised my head again, Pedlar Jock was I gone. A horrible sensation of fear I came over me; I glanced about, though I I knew, somehow, that.I shouldn't find I him. The silence was so intense that : the blood ran cold in my veins, and I beat a retreat. Mary ran downstairs from an upper room, looking ever so r r pleased. '[ Just to think of us dragging pools t and making such a fuss !' she exclaimed laughing, and'looking beyond me, so that I turned 'my head to glance back over my shoulder. ' Why, where is he, Joel, and why doesn't he come in and give an account of himself ?' She caught sight of my face, and stopped short; I suppose I looked well nigh as queer as I felt. Then I up and t told her what had happened, but halt ingly, for I was never a man to believe in ghosts. 'Nonsense !' she said; ' why, what r are you thinking of, Joel ? I was look- t ing out of the upstairs window, and I saw him standing on the bridge with you. When I left the window he was telling you something, I suppose, and pointing towarns the frog pond. I saw bhim as plainly as I see you now.' Well, to make a long story short, I never rested nutil that pool, the only one we had left unsearched, was drag ged. 'Twas easily done, and there, sure enough, was poor Jock's murdered body. His skull was smashed in, and he was well nigh unrecognisable. There must have been a hard struggle, for the bank was broken and the grass torn up. I had often passed along the paths fields, little reckoning that, only separ ated from me by athin hedge, lay the disfigured corpse ot my friend. Ciut chited mn his poor swollen fingers--t clutched so tightly that it seemed as if, even in death, he was determined to c cling to the one clue that could lead to t the discovery of the murderer-was a discoloured brass button attached to a fragment of cloth. t They thought me mad-the squire , and all of them collected round the body-for at sight of it I cried out, and set-off at a run for the ' Fortune of War' When I returned with the L labourer's old coat we fitted-the piece (i of cloth and button to it, and then we tracked the murderer down. We hadn't ' far to seek. WVhey he had remained in the neigh bourhood was unaccountable, though they do say that murderers are somne times imnpelled by a strange power not their own to lurk round the scene of t their crime. He confessedthat be had A dogged the pedlar's steps, having gone along the road only to return by the fields to lie in wait. Each day he had intended making off with his booty, but each day as it dawned excited fresh fears of detection in his guilty mind, aud had still seen him in the neigh bourhood. His hesitation brought him to the galloes, and punishment was seldom better deserved. Pedlar Jock never appeared to me w again. If anyone doubts that what I at have said is true let him talk it over t with the wife; he'll find it hard to convince a woman against her will.-E. P I. J. in " Sketchy Bits." rb 