Original Story. LIPPY'S LOCK, I Miner's Christmas Story, (BY PAUL TWYFORD.) [ALL SIGHTS BKBIBVJD] I met Jexon in the street ; he looked pale and miserable-like a ghost. No wonder t The mao's tin&nces; were at the lowest possible ebb, his hunger unappeased, his clothe» shabby and worn, and withal the day was wet, cold and miser able. ile recognised me ; in fact the recognition was mutual ; yet 1 passed bini hy. There were old associations not desirable to be renewed. I turned to in order to see whither he chaped his footsteps, and lo, he had slopped in his shuffling walk nod was looking at me. Ile grinned ; so did I. Then he came up to mo and poured forth his troubles. They pre many and, to some extent, I sympathised, though, as I hud been bad ' before, I was wary. Ho pro duced a small vial from his pocket. 7Look at that,' he said. I did look, j sui look the bottle in my hand, lt j held about two penny weights of I gold and I told him BO. I 'That's the exact weight,' he said ; j 'nice çold, ain't itr" j I nodded, nothing more. I knew I Jeion, and wasn't taking any bogus I gold venture just then. Be knew me too, and knew that Í where there was a bit of gold to be i got, ï.was as keen as a terrier after a I nt, Jexon and I had foregathered in days gone by. We had been co-agitators, labour meo, and socialists. Jeron was also a rabid temperance advocate, but io that J could not follow him. Jeron was an unlucky fellow too, he could never make any headway ia Wythhig, and it was not for lack ol energy either, for he was full of it. latterly he had gone in for gold digging, at least he said so, and J had no reason to deny il, though 1 «wtfess I was sceptical. Anyway, there was the gold enc til» is the story he told mo : 'There's six of us, and we're upon the' (name of the river whispered ir «7 ear) ' and that ia a sample of thc gold we have found.' He slopped abruptly, but 1 en ttutaged him to proceed, 'Well, why we want help.' 'lt1 daresay. Most new chun buen do, especially men of you Wssy,'. «Now, don't be hard on a aova? You're a luoky one, you are, and oughter have a little feeling for them as isn't.' « Can you put me on to anybody f* asked Jexon, after a pause. ' I might ; but it is hard to trust men gold mining. I know men who might help you, after they have helped themselves, and I also know you.' ' Oh, stow it. Let by-gones be by gones.' .Very well. By-the-bye, where's the missus and kids ?' j ' lu a bad way. Keeping a penny hash house iu .- street How | I she's lived while I've been away, God only knows. But Lippy (my name, I may state, is Lipscombe-' Alfred Lipscombe) she's a stunner.' ' She ie, I believe. Bad job for her that ever she married you, Jex.' ' Y-e-e, perhaps so ; but-well, what about the gold ?' ' Nothing. I'll give you no advice lest it come home to me, and I must know more about it before 1 move a hand's stir. Will you have a drink?' ' You know 1 won't.' ' Not of hot coffee ? Here's a place and you look cold enough to freeze a fellow. Come in anti get warmed.' The man's face relaxed, and his heart, I knew, was gladdened, not only by the fumes of hot coffee, but by the hope that I was relenting. ' To be honest with you, Lippy,' he . said, ' I don't want money, that is I don't want to selL ; we think too much of it, and only require as much money as will provide tucker for a few months.' ' Is that all ? What about tools ?' ' We have plenty, but we can't work without tucker.' ' True ; but how did you get to Sydney ?' ' Walked every step of the way,' The fellow seemed so earnest, so eager, and withal, so moderate, that I did relent, and quickly summing up matters in my own mind, I made this proposition to him : ' Well, Jex, I will help you. i'll go with you and attend to the laying out of my own money. I am going up to- in order to see what1! what, and if it suits my book, I'll keep you and your mates in return I for an equal share free of all furthei expense to me, subject to this con dition : that I con stop supplies ai any moment I like ; and further that the cost of food and any othei expense I may be put to will be t bret charge on the washings.' ' Agreed. You're a brick, Lippy ; and he eagerly gripped my hand. ' Now, Jex, show me where yoi 'ive?' He hesitated, but, after consider ing a bit, led the way. The neigh bourhood was a frowsy one, and th« penny hash house uninviting in thi extreme. Yet there were there i dozen men or so sitting in thi Bparely furnished ' reading room smoking. I told her what I was going to aa and she thanked me in her quie unobtrusive way. Upon leaving ' slipped a bank note into Mrs. Jexon'i hand. . . . At the appointed time Jexon me me at the railway station. His swaj was a light one, but that wasn't m; business. Anyhow, I shared m: rugs with him in the car. Arriving at-we had to negoti ate a twenty mile coach ride, ant then a walk of two mileB brought u to the claim. I knew the country, as I had beet there in the early dave, and saw bu few changes. Jexon took me to the hut. It wa noon, and yet there was no sign a work. On a fire in the open was billy, and sitting by it two hang-do looking fellows smoking ; insid were three others, equally unprepof sessing, sitting at a table playin euchre. They looked np for a mc ment and resumed their game. ' This is a new mate I hav brought you-an old friend of min who has promised to help us,' sai Jexon, in a pleasant sort of way, hi face all smiles. 'We ain't got notbin' to eat, * can't ask ye te 'ave a bite.' ' What I Haven't you got a bit < gold?' ' Gold be-. Where can we g< gold?' Which sounded bad for m venture. 'And haven't yon been trying asked Jexon. ' What bloomin' rot ; you know w can't work an' we etarvin'. Wh; we can't even get a drink o' mil from the old cocky down yonder.' I said nothing, but studied tl crowd with some curiosity. Hearne from Jexon that the cocky kept store. I gave him some money I purchase meat and bread, sugar an tea-nothing else. I was going I try an experiment I could live < hard as any one, and naturally e; pected others to do so when nece eary. The food was procured, an and the men tucked in a pretty go< tightness of fried mutton and hom made bread, moistened with pann kins of tea. There was no stint, ai I I noticed that the chaps had ' ewe I teeth,' for there was a big run on ti sugar bag. Jêxon gave up h stretcher to me and slept on the floe it wee pretty cold and I halved n wraps with him. I was shown tl claim next morning. To the u initiated there was nothing to se but that did not disturb me. wanted to see the place where tl two penny .. weights come froi Jexon pointed out a hole in the drii I tried several pansful of stuff at got merely colours in each. I a vised Jexon to set the others openii out in the hank. He spoke to thei and there was some discussion. ' Let's set your tools,' I said. Tin were produced, and a more discredit-1 able lot of picks and shovels I had j never seen. j The fellows pottered about making some sort of pretence of work, and I went to the hut and put on ' some working duds. The fellows stared at me when I went amongst them in moleskins, heavy boots, and big bare arms ready for action. I put in an afternoon's work, and rather liked the look of the country, though I got no prospect. That evening I sent for no tucker, and all hands looked glum. We finished the remnants of yesterday's mutton and bread, and no one had enough. After that repast I put matters plainly before them : ; If 1 waß to find tucker, 1 must have a fair return in work. I had ; shown them the way, and they must make an effort. When I saw them ; rn earnest I would provide better tools and quarters, with heaps of grub. It depended entirely on them selves. If they were men, and acted fair by me, I'd stand by them for three months ; if they did not, either they or I would have to clear out. Finding no gold in a week, I told .Texon that he had lied to me, and in a servile, apologetic fashion he ad mitted the soft impeachment. ' Never mind,' I said, ' I must try and make the best of it. We must have better tools and better men.' ' What will you do then ? ' ' In a day or two I'll tell you ; but I must go into-(the nearest town) and I leave my few belongings in your care. I may trust you that much.' He looked at me reproachfully. ' You surely can trust mo that much.' ' I will do so. I'll hire a horse from our cocky friend below, and hope to be back in two days.' . * * My first visit was to the mining registrar. From him I heard that no lease had been applied for, and that no miner's rights had been issued in the names I indicated. I then ap plied for 800 yards in the river bed, and 60 acres along the banks on either side, paid the deposit and took out a miner's right for Jexon. I then purchased such tools as were required, together with axes, saws, hammers, etc., and a good sup ply of provisions, to be forwarded the following day. When I got back to the claim the men were all attention, but I told them nothing. They were much annoyed, you may be sure. They were experts at euchre, and I saw they meant to take me down, but they had no money to bet. I bought their interest in the claim for £10, and with Jexon as partner won it back. That night a heavy hand moved over my face, and in another second would have clutched my throat. I hod not gone to sleep, fully expecting some such attempt. My right hand held my revolver and I blazed away, not at the man but up at the rafter. The blaze revealed the fellow'« face, I then drove my left into him with all the force I could. I heard a howl, and then there was a nice old row. I had slipped out of bed, and as I had turned in standing I was pre pared. Someone struck a match, and I found them all standing about me, except one, he was lying doubled up, for I had hit him below the belt. Jexon at once attempted to smooth matters by insisting that there had been some mistake. The others talked big, but having five shots, I talked back pretty well as I pleased. Jexon, speaking on their behalf, suggested a compromise. Asked what they proposed, they asked for £20 for their interests, i told them I'd see them in Halifax first. ' What would I give them then f ' they asked. ' I have no right to give you any thing, but to save bother here is that £10 note and what odd silver I have will keep you on the road. Now clear before I ride for the police. Jexon, Í have not included you, but if you are homesick here is £2 for you though I'd rather you'd stay.' They took the money, rolled up their 8 wags and cleared out. That afternoon a trooper called at the oamp to enquire if all hands had miner's rights. He saw mine and Jexon's, drank a pannikin of tea with us, had a smoke, and then followed on the trail of my late mates. What for never troubled me. ' Now, Jexon, what do you intend doing P Will you stay with me or surrender your chance here?' He said he'd stay. 'Very welL I'll now ride to B- where I can pick up two or three good men.' I knew all the old diggings about B-, but all my old cronies had left or were dead, though they were known to those I interviewed. I made arrangements with six good men, who returned with me, bring ing with them fill that belonged to them'on pack-horses. They were of the good old type of gold-digger strong, hearty, and capable, and looked respectable men. And what a change they brought 1 We soon had a decent camp, and better still, a big cut opened out and the bottom taken up. It was dry weather and we had no difficulty with the water. The yield, upon washing up, was highly satisfactory. Subsequent washings proved just as good. Then Jexon wanted to go home. I didn't blame him for he had a good wife, and his share would set them up. He was a spare, weak man, and his heart was not in the work. He had £60 in his pocket, and I offered £60 for his share. He demurred at first, ' because,' he said, ' you have been a real friend, and I ought not to take a penny from you." ' Let me owe it to you, then. Per haps £50 about Ohristmas will come in handy, though I hope you will have doubled your £50 by then.' . . . By enquiring at a well-known socialistic rendezvous, I found Jexon, and I am glad to say, in a far greater degree of comfort than I had ever seen him. Mrs. Jexon was most pro fuse in her thanks. Strolling out one evening with old Jex, we saw a crowd in Castlôreagh street. Some great political question was being discussed, and among the i speakers in the crowd I recognised the man who would have choked me as I slept. He was in fine fettle, talked a hurricane, and had the crowd with him. I got in front of him, hoping to catch his eye. Presently he uttered some nonsense, and I chal lenged him. I soon found that I had raised a hornet's nest, and, only that Jexon jumped up on the wall (where they were speaking) and addressed the crowd in a really good, sensible speech; I think I should have been mobbed. Jexon had very much moderated his views, though he hod not de serted his old comrades. He was not in any employment, but he assisted his wife very materially in the boarding house, which was quite a stylish place. I handed Mrs. Jexon tho other £50 and I learned from her that she and a bright girl named Lucy had com pleted their arrangements ' to make me happy. Christmas Day was really a happy day, and I may say that many happy days have followed. That year was my very luckiest year, for though the claim on the river wasn't ex ceptionally rich, I married and won a splendid n ugget in my wife, for she stood five feet seven inches ii» height, weighed teu stone, and was just turfed 25. She has been worth her weight in gold to me, and I always call her ' Lucky Lucy,' for my luck has been even steadier eiuce we coupled; and though only country reared and unsophisticated iu muny things, she knows her way about better than most city women, and better than all, she is lovable and effectionate and thinks a lot of her ' old man,' meaning, of course, Alfred Lipscombe, otherwise ' Lippy.' And that is all I have to say. My luck is good fer a life time, beyond all doubt, for not only is my big 'nugget' as bright and wiusom-as ever, but at this moment three smaller ' nuggets '? are overhauling their Christmas stockings for good things and offering me bits of each variety. And - there I've said enough. 