THE ROMANCE OF BANK FAILURES. Lake a ghost that refuses to be laid, tho City of Glasgow Bank still stalky through the laud, and clanks its chains within the precincts of the Law Courts (remarks tho '.Scotsman'). It is now known under the name of the Assets Company, which was formed shortly after the collapse of the bank to take over the outstanding as&ets; of the con cern. By the settlement for £1 7,000 of its aotion against tho representatives of the late Mr. Tosh, a farmer near Grail, it has obtained another windfall. The circumstances of the case are somewhat peculiar, and are calculated to make those compounding debtors to the bank who still survive feel ill at ease. At the time of the bank's failure, Mr, Tosh held £-100 worth of stock in the concern, and ho was therefore liablo in about 24 times that amount, or £9,G00, to satisfy the creditors. Ruin stared him in the face, and on the' plea, that his holdiug in the bank represented all his savings he was discharged by the liquidator. He. paid, however, £1,700, being the value of his farm and stock, etc. About three years ago he died, a bachelor, and left a considerable for tune, amounting, so far as we can recol lect, to .£20,000. The Argus eye of tho Assets Company was immediately h'xed upon this ogg-nest, and the company very naturally set about to find out how a farmer in Fife had acquired it since 1878, at which time he professed to be ruined, An investigation revealed the fact that, at the very time of tho bank's, collapse he held stocks and shares of considerable value in various public companies. An aotion was at once raised to have the discharge by the liquidator reduced, on the ground that it had been granted on the understand ing that the deceased had no further investments of any sort wherewith to pay his share of tho general deficiency. The action hm dragged its slow length along for almost throe years, and reduc tion of the discharge was granted by the court several months ago, and an account of the estate ordered to be lodged. The large sum of .£17,000, which has now been paid to -settle the oase, does not in reality represent the whole amount whioli tho Assets Com pany sued for, as interest has to bo added to the capital sum for 20 yearn 