; " LITERARY NOTES.- FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.! LONDON, IVtll February. ' Tills week's "Truth" has a spirited parody on Kipling's recently published poem, Take Up : the White. Man's Burden. It begins thus: — : Pile on the Brown Man's burden! To gratify your greed; Go, clear aivay the "niggers," Who Progress would impede! Be very stern, for truly "l'is useless In he milil Willi new-caught, sullen pcoplca llnlf dovil. and half child . The verses are full of clever lines like these: — ' And if, with heathen folly, ' . He dares your will dispute. Then in the name of- Freedom Don't hesitate to shoot! Orthese — - Seize on his ports nnd pastures, . Tlie fields his' people tread; Go, make from them your living, And mark them with his dead! ' , The Stevenson letters now running'; through "Seribrior" arc- much more attrac tive7 In tone than Ills -Vnllnin budget. They, were mnny of tliem written from "Edinburgh at tlio bright 'time tlie poet novelist was jot ting down- Vlrglnbus ruorlsquo, nnd .-bubble over with good spirits. One of the present portions contains Stevenson's first Impres sions of the friend, mentor .and collaborateur who was presently to exercise such a power ful Influence over bis- career. I refer of course to .\yt|llhm Ernest Ilenloy. ' The latter was then bed ridden -In Edinburgh Infirmary, and ills ''cheery fortitude and optimism be neath a possibly permanent affliction nmnzed all who knew htm'. - It was at this time Hen ley wrote, the- wonderful "In nospltnl" ver ses.; Tliese wlll undoubtedly live, whatever becomes ;of his "Book of Verses'! 'as a whole. Of his mooting, with Henley, Stevenson says.; — "Yesterday Leslie Stephen, who was down here (at Edinburgh) to lecture, called on mo and took ine up to see a poor fellow, a Tioct;3vhq. Writes, for' him, and who hns been 18; mouths in our Infirmary, and may be, for hii X know 18 mouths more. It was verj-. sad, to see lil'm there, to a little room with two bods, anil a couple. of sick children In tlio other bed." A girl came In to visit tlie .children, fi'iid played- dominoes on the coun- terpnne:"-;wlth, them; the gas llarod and crackled',' the fire. burned lira dull, economi cal : why;' Stephen and I sat on a couple of chairs, aiid ;the poor fellow sat up In Ills bed, with hlpMiidi' iind benrd all tnugled, and talk ed as cheerfully as If he had boon In a king's palace or. -the great King's .palace -of the blue air. "!He lias tniight himself two lau- .guages since he hns been lying there. I shall try to be of use to him. ; How thoroughly Stevenson carried out the resolve :tb" be of use to Heiiley very few jtaow. . That meeting was tho turning: point .of /the tatter's career. Henley touched off his friend "to a T In one ot the. Hospital Rythms.. called '(Apparition." 'Stevenson didn't quite relish; the portrait, arid' it' ere-, ntcd a. temporary,', coolnoss:-- Tliin legged, thin chested, slight unspeakably. Neat footed and ivoak lingered; in his lace- Lean, large b6ncd, curved. of beak, and touched with race,-- ' Bold lipped,, rich .tinted, unitablc as -the sea, - The brown eyes -radiant with vivacity— .. There shines a brilliant and'romantic grace, A;8plrit Int'onse and rare, with, trace on . trace' Of passion, itnpudcnco and energy-. . -Valiant aiii ralvot, -light In ragged liick, Most vain, most generous, sternly critical, Buffoon and poet, lovor -and sensualist; n; A deal of Ariel,; just. a streak bf'l'uck; , Much Autony,: of -Ilanik't'most.of 'all. ' ' ' And sonigthing .of the Shorter- Catcchist. ' Fram" "tlie'dnys of my youth, when' I was soundly "swished"' by the -present Arch bishop q£. Canterbury,.., liavb; always bad n- regard for 'tbo;; old : man; ...Ho lias u'rongh; tohgue.'.a: crisp. manner, n. short . temper (which - age ., has .not' ii'nproyed), but a" tho roughly spu.iyd' heart. As a schoolmaster he .ivas admirable, wise, just and reliable. The . pithy;., sermons lie preached' In. ltugby ehapol.wlil ! uoyer he forgotten by tbose who heard; tfiemV' " 'i'lie best wire "published, and .are , e'xtfemeiy well, suited, owing ; to '-their brevily 'and -eftinmonsehse, /for family con- "suufptlob. "A friend of mine, who has a big place ;some, dlk.tanee frojn . auy. church, calls -hls/.household to family p'raj-craVou 'Sunday' evonliig./hefore' s'uppeiv-aiid generalii' roads them one <jf Temple's Rugby sermons. . They go. down exeellently, .and. tho occasional in- .trpduetlqn lof -such unexpected phrases as "and liow. niy dear hoys, as. 'we nre'approach- .Ing.tlie' oiid of the half year, I must," &c.;, &c.;, grea'tl cheers the female servants. All tlils Is apropos of au excellent appreciation of .his- C race ;.in the '(Outlook,'! which actu ally contains ;t\vo icnlly new stories' of Dr. Tci'npie. . .The, first belongs to his Exeter days. Ho was presiding ovor. n. meeting of bis clergy, -.nud be had begged tbem to state nuy 'diffleultles tboy might have In the discharge of their duties.' One aud another .spoke; thclrnii old parson got up, and blunt- :ly said that one of his chief difficulties was his Bishop! 'He had recently come to the palace, - he said, on business; he was poor, and had walked .-from his vicarage, some mllop off. ,. !Tlie .BIsliop received ill in with his usual roughness of mnuner. The Inter view ha'fl only: lasted a few minutes, when- the luncheon7' hell rang. "I must go to lunch,'.' said the Bishop. "Good morning." And , ho ivalked out of tlio room, . leaving .the poor cleric, .hungry nnd forlorn, to plod back to Ills -parish. Such was the story, which produced a marked effect on the meet ing. The: Bishop,. In Ills elosInKspiecnT left- this -to tlio' last. AVhcn he enmeiyto-lt he simply said: '"i'lio facts were comictly stat- ed"— a .pausi-rl'and the Implied accusation Is .just." Only a really grant man could hnvo snld 'that, and the' meeting rose to it. 'The second story .Illustrates his sense of humor. -.There ivas -some function at St. Paul's which the. Archbishop' was to attend. He was. received lit .tlie west' door, according to custom,, liy ' the Dean and Chapter. It was a 'bittcriy- cold day, and Dr Temple np- peave'd BiVqUie:d;.ln a buge.grey woollen wrap per over Ills' episcopal robes. Tbls grie vously disturbed the -Denri; nnd certainly, the eplscopill arehieplscopnl nppe'n'rauce was not exnetly.'.ncsthctlc— was, In point' of fact, ludicrous. / " Your race," fussed tbo Dean, ''your Grace will take that off?'' "When you . shut " the -(lo'or," snapped - the Archbishop. Tiie. great door was duly shut, and the Archbishop," with extraordinary contortions, slowly' Unwound, the yards of. wrapping. Tlieji, turnlng-to the. chaplain, .he said in a stage wliTsiicr,. which lie took cnre the Dean ; shonUl' hear, "B- carfy:;:.tho sacred .scarf!" . "A groat' figure," concludes the "Outlook," "With whatever drawbacks and faults, a truly.- great figure. The unique -assembly held. 111 the ; Guildhall when .he left Luudun f or . CnnteVhury, sufficiently: proved that, in spltp of his superficial eccentricities of char acter,' .he"; lind .Impressed; himself' upon Eoii-' don, And- In the- highest plnce which an "English clergyman, chn'refioh,. with tho' as-'' perl ties of early daySViriodlficd by age and exporlCRce, the Archbishop .of Canterbury- shoiys himself equal to the great traditions- of lils See; no' unworthy successor of Tnlt, tlie /statesinau; an'd 'of 'Benson,', the .leader of meni'?-»» > ; There may hp ninny poets In Australia who by rensoiv'bf jealousy rind other thlngs-'eau- '.not succeed lu pcrsuaUtag'stony-hearted edi tors, to- publish their "pomes" even as free 'ebufrlbutlons;' ' To such ' I " commend the plan ndbptbd' by Mrs. Jane IE Oakley, of TJqve, ivhohas just perpetrated some vers!-; cles ou' "Australia United,", and lias ensured their, .publicity by sending -tliem Into the 7'.;Tiines,". accompanied with a cheque for, t|ielr;put)llontlon at the usual front page nd-'' vertlsejnent, rates. T/lie poem- has the. tag ."Australian; papers plqase copj-," but I'm afraid ;the presiding genius of this paper will- not stand more "than a couple of verses. I, tlierefdre,' quote as snmplcs of Mrs. Oak ley's liiu'fle the first and last :-A " . ' .Ai'isel .fnir Queen of distant "Southern Cross," ' And thus thy noble destiny fulfil;- . A wjde jnd glorious empire thou shalt found, And yet he England's loyal daughter still. .Thou gem fesnlcndenV in. Bri'tahnia'B crown ! ' Our stro.ngest.-tic,: no earthly power1 shall- sever. May heaven's brightest gleams; on thee descend ! Our greatest gift, thy, "glorious'- freedom ever" 1' Mr. -Blactupra has been seriously- lii, wl tii ."an Incurable dise.a'se for- more, tbaq'a.'yonr, and'-receutlyi has suffered acutely, anil has Been fcunslderably. weakened; but his friends report that he Is not ta imminent danger, nnd that he may Ityc. for several months, "aj Ho lives with two nieces In a country place, -- .a near London, where he has amused hint- self with model farming. He has recently " been re-reading Dlekous/s works ou his sick- S bed, and has especially enjoyed "Barnaby Rudgo." His mind Is clear nud bright, nud""- he endures his suffering with patience. Like M'llkio Collins, he lins outlived the circle ot - literary workers with whom he was. closely- associated, and Is a lonely figure, with few Intimate friends. Mr. Edward II. Cooper's forthcoming vo lume ,of stories hears the title "Children, Racehorses and Ghosts." lie narrates how he submitted one of the stories— the first: ho ever wrote— to Mrs. Lynn Linton for' criticism. She disapproved warmly. "You have innde an Englishman afraid of two cothmoh footpads!" she said Indignantly. "Nobody could possibly admire such a story: Make your hero afraid of his supernatural companion, if you like, but not ot the others. If you take my advice you will never In your - stories make an Englishman afraid of any-: .thing." 