Our Tale. THE OLD BBOWN HAT. |BY JOHN AUSTIN SCHETTY. . When Adrian Deverimor© stepped down the steamer's gangplank and found himself once again in New York streets, he paused with a sense of strangeness he would never have thought possible. He never turned for a farewell glance jib the majestic thing of iron and steel that had held his destinies for one whole week. The ship and the Customhouse, where they made a terrible fuss over him as though it were really a great privilege to be allowed to land at all, had disgusted him so that he was only too glad to forget both. But now here in the open street, free to go where he would, Devenmore paused for a moment. Here he was home again and feeling as strangely new as though he had dropped from Mars. "Well," he thought, "I suppose it is because it is nearly ten years since 1 stood here before ;" I suppose I look foreign and strange as well as feel that way." He drew a cigar from his pocket, lit it, and sauntered on a few steps, taking in the sounds ' and sights of the street with a keen relish. He was a well-groomed," prosperous-looking individual, who looked as if he had been uiessed with a goodly share of the world's creature comforts^ " One would have called him a man whom care had touched very lightly; and as it is no given to us to look into the heart to measure the gifts that have found shelter there, no one would have guessed that, instead of being at" peace with the world, he was only one of the many who succeed in appearing to be so. A rubber-tyred handsome hove in view, and the driver, perceiving his meditative air, hailed him. "Very well, take me up; but here, come over and get my trunk, too." He directed the man towards the pier, and, having in the space of a few minutes' gotten it out and safely beside him, was soon whirling towards a well-known apartment house uptown. "Not a soul knows me, 5 ' he murmured, gazing at the well-dressed throngs who passed on either side; "and yet I'll wager I know many among.them. Well, that's what comes of living ab. road; and yet, confound it! I haven't changed so much either." He turned almost impatiently and gazed at his reflection in the coach mirror. A moment later the hansom drew up and he was at his destination. The elaborateness of everything^ instead of pleasing him, grated on his sensibilities; the halls w ere embowered in palms, polite porters and attendants seemed distributed at every turn, and far off somewhere he caught taint strains of music. "It seems as though they knew everyone in the place was home-sick ]or in want of a home, and therefore tried to fill the want by a superfluity of elegance," he murmured fretfully as he entered his own apartments. They were pleasantly situated on the corner of the house, thus affording a pleasant view ol park and street. The fact soothed^ a measure his irritability, and with a sense of relief he sat himself down.His trunk coming up a moment later gave another turn to his thoughts. He knelt down beside it and began rummaging among its contents; first he lifted out a tray littered with aaiaty rare knickknacks gathered from all corners ot_ the world; these he placed very carefully about the table and the mantel, borne of them were almost priceless, and so frail that a mere undue pressure ot tne fingers might ruin them irrretnevabiy, but^hey; were all transferredsafeljneyertheless and then he turned to the trunk again. This time he drew forth— a lady's. hat 1—a large, brown, broadbrimmed straw hat, that might have been worn with equally good results by either a girl or a woman; there was a gorgeous bunci of yellow daisies about the crown, and two generously broad brown ribbons hung in streamers from it. At the. sjght of it bis facejmderwent a sudden, spasmodic change. Jie picked it up tenderly. , "Ah, Miriaml" he murmured nail a- loud, "you'might have been less relentless 'in your cmel pride." ^ note of intense pain m the words, but there was nothing of anger "liaiem, "What would people say.of;me ^ they knew that old strawjut hwi over the- world with me? ^or w^ man's vanity 1" ~Ee continued, ^ u Eave been my best friend "after all; J™ an ® 1 were both cast off together, old mendthough you have hardly suffered as l have." L • - He had fallen ihto this odd way of talking over his reminiscences to the hat; it soothed him as nothing else .cpnjd when the pain in heart seemed almost too much to bear. He turned it about carefully in his hand and' fell to diking ag%in. to would ever think to look at \--— - , • uuuwcu uiitu—mat my wife is living somewhere in this broad i i_ Who would think it? Doubtless the world has forgotten it. So much rnA IT: , " . lorgowen T i i it. t . so * mucn the better, t wish I could, but I never can. God! why are our memories so retentive of some things? And yet I would hardly care to forget; no, even though it means bitter pain, I love to remember! Let me see. It's about fifteen years now since she and I were wedded; we had three months' of happiness—at least I had—three months out of fifteen years!—then she left us. Why did she leave? I don't know; I will never, I suppose; she and Anne differed in some trivial matter, and her love was so trail a thing it died then and there. Anne, dear sister, I know it was thy fault, even though you died because you thought it might have been —because you felt you had blasted my life, I ought to hate Jier for it—she who brought us to this JWWST- " —the pity is, IyeSfin^tl Z . even yet, ji^a^'cif-^rM-f this old bro^fih^" His voice dlBtt^tovay plaintively,; asthougjji Reading with some t^riseen tmd£"to adve^ftrf on him. He had *H^er regrett$d-^e sentiment, fancifur^t otherwise,• '^hsr had made him keep it -s^Oiaaj^yeafs. Looking at it and forgetting subsequent events, he saw again as he saw her that summer twilight so many years ago—a fair, sweet, face, banked in masses of hair the golden glory of which was crowned in the big brown hat with its broad ribbons tied under the chin, just as one sees them in old-fashioned pictures; every detail, the light in the sky the. light in her eyes, the wondrous . joy. in his own heart, was impressed, on his mind as though it were a photographic plate. Looking at it filled him with all the glow of rare old wine; it renewed in a measure the old-time geniality of his life—a life that otherwise had grown chilled and numb; at sight of it, like magic, the ghost oi his former happiness returned and for a brief hour lived with him again, spoke to him in the old, old way; therefore he had grown to love it—this old brown hat. When Adrian Devenmore had married Miriam Dale the social structure in which they moved had been stirred to its depthsj indeed, it was quite the event of the season. He was rich, not burdensomely so, but enabled to live in elegant leisure, while he was beautiful ; indeed, the gossips deemed her verv fortunate. They were married in a fashionable church, at a fashionable hour, with a very fashionable crowd for an audience, and had come down to earth again screened behind the aristocratic- -exclusiveness of a side-covered awning. Everything went off in superb fashion, so that when society heard that Devenmore's wife had left him and returned to her father's house, it wa simply convulsed ! What could be the trouble? " , . , . . Mrs. Weston-Ware, who-aspired to be a sort of feminine McAllister, said: 1 blame him-" " To which Mrs. Schuyler, who also had aspirations: replied briefly : "I dontr 1 am sure it is his sister's fault; young people should never bring in a third party." • , As for Devenmore, when he returned to his home and his sister told him the truth, he had been utterly unable to realise it. Tnat his wife could think so lightly of their love seemed to him preposterous. He picked up his hat an hurried off to her father's house. At the door her father met him with a stem, forbidding air. He asked to see bis wife, « he had a right to do-to explain if there was anything to explain; the old man refused. It was inexplicable; he would not hear. Adrian, becoming angrv, grew insistent and demanded to see Miriam, whereat her father telling him once for all there was nothing to explain, abruptly closed the door in his face. Then, with a heart grown sudden- ly bitter, he turned homeward, realising that henceforth their lives would be as separate as though they had never met. And so it was. She had taken everything of hero that might serve to remind him of her,, everything except the old brown hat; not realising that in it lay the most potent memory' of her. So the months drifted on, while the breach between them ever widened; often they passed each other in public, in the street—sometimes they ahnost touched elbows at church, but they never touched hearts. Their eyes merely grew more coldly formal, their faces more immobile, with the passing time. She was alwayB with her father or her brother, and she seemed—as he seemed —indifferent to the gossip their estrangement caused. After a time, to see them both at some entertainment, each as oblivious of the other as if they had never existed, grew to be too common to arouse comment; so that the sensation died out at last, as all sensations do. His first impulse had been to leave everything and try to forget; but pride, the magic power that has sustained many a heart when all eke failed, made him stay; if she could bear it so could he. He lavished all the tenderness in him ott his sister; he held her utterly priceless, but, despite his frequent protestations, sne sank beneath the burden of all. _ When Anne died he closed the big, luxurious house, which only seemed to mock him with its emptiness, and within the month was off to Europe. From place to place he roamed, until his old life and its associations grew to be as something he had heard of rather than something he had participated in— for he received no letters to speak of; yet wide as was the world, he could not find the peace he sought, liy degrees his , anger grew to be more like pain and lonely grief; he began to feel the need of her who was his wife. The emptiness of the years to come without her frightened hini with "their vast dreariness. He suddenly reisolved that the responsiKhty for such a fate should not rest with him; he would seek her out; she must still be living, just as she must be suffering. He would allow no poor human pride to deter him now: he would be humble, he would be anything that they — Miriam and he—might pick up the broken threads of the life begun on thrtt summer evening so many years ago. It was this had brought him across the sea to his own land again; it was this found him kneeling beside the trunk, her old straw hat held so tenderly m his hand. The slow turning of the doorknob roused nim from his reverie. Who, in this strange house where he was quite unknown to anyone, held such a claim to his friendship as to enter without even knocking? -He turned about, half curiously, half angrily, while the Ipob turned backwards and forwards; then, just as he would have sprung up impatiently, the door opened slowly and a little golden, cherub like head poked itself shyly in. The dainty httle figure, hardly reaching to the door-knob, looked exquisite in a Hubbard gown that reached to the floor. The man gazed at her with surprise that quickly became delight, while she paused a moment in childish wonderment that was half dismay. He was afraid to break the enchantment ot her presence by a word, until, becoming reassured she advanced one step further in hide-and-seek tashion. . "Well, little lady," he cried, "wont vou come in?" The little one burst into a gurgling laugh that awoke faint-echoing music way down in the mail's heart; he had almost forgotten such harmony still lay within him. The little figure made another step forward—it was evident she was quite at home with him. "Come;" he said, whirling around, picking her up lifrhtly and setting her down again between his knees, "tell me where you came from, won't you P buch little blessings as you don't fall m a man's way every day." She gazed up at him, her bright eyes dilated, with mfant pleasure. "I—1 jes corned," she answered; then reaching up With both hands, she grasped his coat. "Oo-oo-oh!" she cried, dancing delightedly, "you've got 'enf—just like papa^ain't you?" "Have I P* he cried, mystified and bending his head towards hers; whereat she quickly seized his beard and dung to it with gurgling little cries. "Oh! that's Tt, eh?" he said, thereupon comprehending where lay his likeness to papa—"and so I have them, like papa?" he continued, more to himself than to the child. The little head nodded demurely, while, as if to prove it beyond a doubt, she began turning his head from side to side—he passively submitting for the want of better knowing what to do. "This is the way you treat poor papa, 1 suppose," he murmured musingly. "And now, whose little girl are you," he asked for a moment. "Auntie's," was the prompt reply. "And who is auntie?" "She is my mamma—sometimes." "Sometimes," he repeated, amused; "and who is your mamma at other times?" He was beginning to feel a trifle more at home with her himself now; it had been so long since he had dealt with childhood that he felt awkward at first. "My mamma—is my real mamma:— my own mamma," she explained. He laughed outright at this sage reply, and her serious delivery of it. "And* which do you like the best—mamma?" She nodded. "Then papa?" "Urn," and another nod. "And auntie?" "Yes." "Then who?" She looked at him half shyly a moment ; then, withdrawing both hands and placing them behind her in a pretty little old-fashioned way, she said "You." Adrian's face flushed. Hie little creature's friendliness wanned his heart as nothing eke could have done; he was more delighted than he could have thought possible, and picking her up he impulsively pressed a kiss to the dainty little mouth; then he placed her on bis knee, she submitting the while as though it were a customary thing with her. The mere contact with this little human atom fresh from the hand of God, unstained aB yet by any mingling with a sordid world, refreshed hi6 spiritual self. He felt that life had grown brighter in the short space of a few moments, therefore he took the plump little hand in his and field it almost reverently. What a soft little thing it was. Looking at it made it hard to realise that once upon a time—a very long time it seemed now—his own had been as small and as soft; the reflection made him sigh. "Now," he said, "tell me your name, my little pet." "Ruth Carroll Wilcox," she repned. with a prim precision that made hini smile; sne had evidently been taught to say it well. Then I never heard of you before— Ruth Carroll Wilcox—though I am happy to know you now," he exclaimed. She reached over and grasped his watch chain. "Auntie has one/' she said. "Has sheP" he asked with a wondering interest as to who auntie might be; the fluffy little head nodded. "Hers has a picture in it—an'—an'I don't like it, 'cause when she looks at it it makes her cry." "Does it? Poor auntie! why does itmake her cry?" He said the words thoughtlessly^ and a moment after caught himself wondering why he asked such questions, as though he too were another child; but it was so pleasant listening to tbe prattle of this little one that he dreaded the thought of some one taking her from him presently, as tie.knew they would. "Sometimes she cries—awful hard, just awful!" continued Ruth artlessly; "an' then when 1 cry too, she says I mustn't mind poor old auntie, 'cause she can't help it sometimes. An' she kisses me, an' says she hopes I will never have a picture that will make me cry—an'— an' she ain't old at all." The thought of auntie's tears had driven all the laughter from Ruth's eyes; there was a solemn, tragical air in their clear depths that made him stroke the curly head lovingly in mute protest. "You must not look.So solemn, Baby Ruth," he cried "that would never do." And forthwith he began dancing her up and down on his knee to some queer old nursery -jingle that came unbidden into his mind at that precise moment. Kuth If you" want a first-clafs suit of clothes at a reasonable j?rice—fit and dv) ability combined—call on P. J. O'Connor, Bridge-road, Richmond. A fine assortment. pf woollens to select from. Flindor8-€tre«?t trams pass the door. was delighted; her baby £«» broke into :» bright sansEiae of smiles that chased i Iiomselres in ripples of mirth over it. "I declare'' tewtfd gM^ "I dall be desperately in 10TF~irith you, T^ng lady, if I look at your little face much '°Tlfe young lady was wofully unaffected by t his frank statement. Instead she slid with a restless squirm to the floor, while he tried to think desperately of something eke for her amusement. He was afraid she waa growing tired of him, and. risingj he poked through the many little things scattered about. He upset photographs that had been all over the world with him with a recklessness that would have driven him frantic but an hour before; he picked up the rare brica-brac with a carelessness that would iiave stricken him dumb in anyone else; books were opened in the vain hope of discovering some stray card that might please the fickle young lady's fancy, and proving a futile effort, they were thrown back again indiscriminately. How he blamed himself for not having a bag of cakes or bonbons—anything, something! but it was useless; there was nothing, and he turned about in disgust. But Ruth had sought and found just what she cared for while he had been put to such desperate straits, for there she was standing by the open trunk, pulling joyfully at the old brown hat. He had picked it up. "Does Ruth want this old hat ?" he asked, wondering why he had not thought of it before; then, as she clapped her hands, he squatted down before her until his face was on a level with her expectant one, while she placed her bauds behind her in that same pretty old-fashioned way and turned her face up to his demurely—the little Hubbard gowu just revealing the tips of her tiny shoes—as he placed the hat on her yellow hair and tied the long, broad ribbous under her chin—thinking, perhaps, of the oiie who had worn it last! "Now you look like a lady I once knew," he said as the child Mid he gazed at each other, l'he little maid looked wonderfully piquant even though the lnit was a trifle too large, seeming with its great nodding daisies to be nearly half as big as herself, while the ends of the ribbons reached the floor. After a moment, in "a burst of childish laughter, she seized the brown rims and, pulling them down on either side till it looked like a poke bonnet, gazed coquettishly at him, while he, not to be outdone, .squatted down and up and went through u variety of ridiculous antics quite at variance' with his usual staid, bachelor ways—and all because she seemed to t hink it such great fun. ~ The room was filled with the music of her delightful self, and both had become so absorbed in one another, to the exclusion of all things else, that neither heard a slight tap at the door. The next moment Adrian, looking up, saw a stylishly- gowned woman standing, surprised and hesitating, in the room; he was on his feet in •in instant, just as Ruth, with a dad cry of "Auntie!" toddled over and clung about her skirts. ' I sincerely hope 1 have not caused vou needless anxiety—" he began; then Stopped abruptly, his speech frozen, as lie saw her lace in the brighter light. Despite the hair that was grey about lier temples—dpspite the sad lines about her mouth—despite the years that had fled for ever, he knew her—his wile of the long ago! The blood receded from his face as though the shook had drained it from him. She knew him, too; and there they stood for-a moment, her.faoe paling to a whiteness that evton awed little Ruth—the next she placed a Band .The largest Gentlemen's Outfitting Establishmen t in Melbourne is that ol Messrs. Lincoln, Stuart and Co.'e, Limited, Flinders-street. Thoy make up a really good suit from £2 Ss. Their stock of Boys' Clothing, Men's Mercery, Shirts, Hosiery, Boots, &>., is the cheapest in Melbourne. Every article issold at genuiuo wholesale prices. Patterns and selfmeasurement instructions forwarded post free on application. quiokly on the door, as thoagji to fly precipitately. Thd movement roused hl^kiruunl" he cried saddwdy, talcbag out ids imndB to her in a dtwtb pletfding way. "Do not leave me! I want you, dear; my life is very empty, Midi hare come so far for you." He broke off frith something like a hint of tears in his voice, while she remained mute, clasping Ruth as though in mortal fear of something she could not define. "Providence has brought us together again for a purpose," he began again almost tremulously, as the lines about her mouth grew hard and stern; "surely you will not slight it ; think of what it may mean to both of us. Ah, Miriam, let us forget the mis-spent years, the pride that has kept us apart; for I know well 'tis nothing worse—even if this little one had not told me so." She startled;^ and looked down at the child half angrily ; then for the first time she seemed to see the hat I At the sight of it all the crust of cold reserve and pride, that had hidden the gold of her heart, of her better self, so long was broken. It spoke to her in mute testimony, as nothing else could hare done, of his lasting love for her—how, through all the long years of their separation, he had cherished her as faithfully and truly as if they had never parted. Burdened with the recollection of a happier time, her pride failed her. A complete revul* sion shook her soul; she knew, wi?h a sudden sense of what it meant, that he spoke the truth; that the reponsfSility of thrusting Providence aside would be hers, aud, being a moral woman, she yielded to the better impulse. "Adrian—husband!" she said—the words sounding strangely in her ears as she held out her hands to him—"can jou really take me back again?" Then, as for reply he drew her to himself; she wept her new-found joy out on his shoulder. "How foolish of us to hatfe wasted so many years when we might have been so happy/' she said at length, lifting a tearstained face to his. "Poor human pride is always foolish, dear," he murmured; twilj coming years will bejBjjfflwjft?^-' : "If I can make Adrian, it'is the least I can dofy-'tSfae was as humbly earnest now as she Tiacl bej^HJwfljfp dp-' fiant before. Bbtti Were^Suen't a pigment ; then he down, nfc li^by * Ruth, whose wondef-^p' thie jwfc'oHjj^rtceedings gave way to old brown ha.t fell back from the little face as he picked her up,and tried to Comfort her. "We owe you an immense debt of gratitude, Ruth Carroll Wilcox," be paid, coaxingly. "\Vho would have though" you were to have the power of uniting hearts. Poor little girl! we have frightened you in our joy." His wife held out her arms. "Let me try to comfort her, Adrian," she said; then, as he placed Ruth in her arms, she continued, "she has not karned that one can cry with joy." Even as she spoke the fickle little lady changed her mood, forgot her tears, and spuLgii; whereat Devenmore, smiling back, seemed, to grow ten years younger. Then, as the lights without grew wo. they told their stories; he of his wanderings, his restless seeking for what he never fpund; she of the lonely years which. had almost steeled .her soul to look fprwaid to without regret; humbly she told him how, despite it all, her pride .at times failed her miserably, so that, had she known where to find him, she would have goneto him. "And I am so glad it is all over now, Adrian, she murmured, with the air of a tired child who has found a muchneeded rest. "Over—aye, over for ever, let us trust., - ' he added, fervently. "We have both wandered far, dear, and now it is very good to be home again." 