THE NIGHTINGALE. By E. Nesbit. The suburban road was gay with the plumes of flowering lilac and the bright promise of laburnum. The red buds on the May bushes had not yet uncurled. The water cart had just gone by, leaving a pleasant scent of wet earth. She was leaning her arms on the gate and looking away from him. "So it's no use ?"- he said — he also was leaning on the gate. He had called to bring her a book, and she had walked with him. He had not meant to speak then—had, in- deed, rehearsed many a time a de- claration to be made in very different surrounding — but she looked so dear in her blue morning gown, the j breeze of spring played so charm ingly with that -hair of hers, that quite suddenly he had spoken, and she had said " No." " It's no nse ?" he repeated, for she still kept silence, and her eyes were far away. " No ; it's no nse," she said ; " I 11 'A »» 1 rvna T ftfAa COulClu if ill ai r \ uuicdo j. so fond of him that I couldn't bear my life without him. That's the only excuse for marriage.". ""Then I'm not to come here any more, I suppose ?" I " Oh, deai-," she said, drawing her eyebrows together with a worried frown ; " Why did yon go and spoil it all ? - It was all so pleasant. Can't you be really sensible. Let us go on just as we were, and pre tend that nothing has hap pened— — " "No," he said. "I shall go away. When one lives in lodgings they may as well be in Putney or Kew — as here." . She thought how dull tennis and . dance and picnic would be without m Land snid. stifflv. I'.Tust as VOU Him 7 please, of course." Then her" face lighted up as the rattle of hoop and hoop-stick arid little pattering feet drew her eyes to the other side of the road, where a | little girl in a scarlet frock came quickly along the asphalte, her brown hair flying behind lier. " Here's Vynie." ( The child saw her sister and her , friend, for he was a friend to all children, and struck her lioop so that it bounded on to the kerb and flew into the middle of the road. The little scarlet figure followed it. nil 1 n flnoli n nn'a nnnf JLJieil, ill. ci HOBJJ) a. uuivuvi o vcu i from a side road, a clatter, a scream, a curse, and the butcher was rein ing in 'his horse 30. yards down the road and looking back over his blue shoulder at a heap of scarlet and brown, ' that- now had crimson mixed with it, and over which a girl in a bine gown and a man in a grey suit were bending. # s " Her leg is broken. They have set it. It will be months before she can walk-, but they say she will he \- all right again then." The two were standing at the gate a«ain, hut now there was no fresh rose tint in her face, and in his eyes no light of passion. " My poor dear," lie said, and she did not resent the words. " Let me do anything I can. Forget all that folly of this morning, and let me help my poor little Yynie," " I will— you shall," she said, looking at him through swollen eyelids, red with weeping, "But there is nothing anyone can do ; it flrhorrible. When I told her she would have to lie still for a time, she tided to smile, and then she said, 4 Don't cry, sissy, I will be as good as gold,' and then sie said she should sleep all day, and lie awake .t night to hear the nightingale. She lias never heard it yet," He remembered how he had lis tened to the nightingale in the copse behind her house on many a sum mer night, when he had walked lonely in the fields to see her light in the window and her shadow on the blind, and he sighed and said, "The nightingales are singing bravely in the wood beyond the station. I'm glad she has thought of something that pleases her, poor darling." Yynie, lying stiff and rigid in her splints, with wide open eyes, watched the day die. Then the lamp was lighted, and presently that in its turn gave place to the. yellow glow of the nightlight and tbe great shadows it cast. . " Are you asleep, sissy, my own," said the little voice. " No, my darling." Rose bent over the bed. " Does it want any thing? Will it have some milk— nice fizzy milk ?" « No— Tes— but Iwaiit to hear the nightingale, sissy. Why doesn't he begin ? Isn't it late enough ?" " Yes, my sweetheart; but perhaps the nightingale's got such a pretty home in the warm country where he lives in the winter that he can't make up his mind to come here." " Oh, sissy — he must come. I can't lie still all the time unless he comes ! Do, please, ask God to tell the nightingale how badly I want him. And, sissy, put out the night- light. Perhaps he doesn't like to sing till he's sure I'm in bed — and he couldn't know- I've got broken, could he ?" " No, my precious, no. Try to go to sleep, and sissy will wake you if lie begins to sing." But Yynie could not sleep, and j by morning the fever was high. She talked and moaned, and laughed, but always her . cry was for the .nightingale. " Master Tom, miss, to inquire." Rose went down, trembling with want of sleep, haggard witii anxiety. She took the great basket of roses her friend had brought, and, hold ing it, told him how the night had nassed. ' They were singing like mad down by the station," he said. " Confound the brute, I expect your nightingale isn't coming this year." " Don't," said the girl. " I believe i Yynie will have no rest if he doesn't. When she heard the church bells this morning she told me to send to the clergyman and tell him to ex plain to God that she couldn't do without the nightingale. Oh, my poor little girl. Oh, Tom, she's all I have. Tom was not such a fool as to say " You have me." He only said, " Yes, I know," and pressed her hand. " You are good," she said, and went back to the child; ' A little fitful sleep came in the long, bright hours of that terrible Sunday, hut it was broken and feverish, anjd at every awakening the little voice, growing ever weaker, ESk6(lMM " Isn't it dark yet ? Won't God send the nightingale ? Oh, sissy I, do want to hear him. The old servant who had been with the two sisters since Yynie's birth, two months after the father's death had cost the life of the mother, insisted on sending Rose to rest, and sat by Yynie's side. "Nursey," whispered the child, "come close. Will yon do what I say ? " ' " " Anything, my precious," said the old woman, holding the hot little hands in her smooth withered palms. " Well, kneel down and tell God I shall die if I don't have the nightin gale. God will attend to you, be cause you always remember to say I your prayers. I forget mine sonie- j times, even when" I'm not very, sleepy. Oh! nursey, I shall never he sleepy any' more. Do tell God all about it." The pld woman knelt by the bed side, and, with a faith simple and beautiful as the child's own, "-told God all about it." ' n The dusk was deepening, the child lay with cheeks scarlet against the white pillow, and shining eyes hxed on the slowly .darkening j squares of the window. She moaned with pain and the misery of the long sleeplessness. "Open the window, Nursey, deai'," she said, softly, when the night had almost fallen. "I think I heard something." When ' the window was opened Yynie held her breatli and listened to a silence that, after a moment, was softly broken by two or three mellow notes. Is it — oh, is it, Nursey, Nursey ?" " It'sthenightingale right enough, my pet," said the old woman,; as Rose crept into the room like a I ghost in her white dressing-gown. " Oh, sissy, my own, it is — it is ! God's not forgotten me : he's going to let me go to sleep, and I shall hear the nightingale even when I'm asleep. Listen !" Again the full notes pierced the soft darkness. . . . . Rose gathered her little sister in her arms, and together they listened — Vynie to the song of the nightin gale, and Rose with a full heart to the breathing, gradually more even and traiiquil, of the little child she held against her bosom. "She's asleep," said the nurse, softly. "I won't move. I'll stay here. Oh, thank God ! Thank God." Tom came every day to inquire, and it seemed to Rose that he grew paler and thinner and quieter in this anxious time. Every night the notes of the nightingale sounded from the dark woods— through nights radiant with clear .moonlight, and through the black darkness of nights wild \\\nfli Yirirwl our! tqiii Anrl Vttyiia grew stronger, and ate. and drank, and played dominoes. Then came a night when the nightingale did not sing. Yynie did" not miss it — she slept so sound o' nights, now. And on that night followed a day when Tom did not come, and then another day, and another. Rose missed liim miser ably. On the first day she was angry at his absence, on. the second anxious ; oil the third she sent the old nurse to see whether lie was ill. " You'd best go round," said the old woman, when she came back from her mission. ".He's more than a little ill. Pneumonia or some thing ; and he keeps asking for you. Go, you : I'll stay with the child. He's got no one with him but his landlady, a feckless body, if ever there was one. Go now, my lamb.": So Rose went. His face showed ghastly in the frame of his disordered hair: and of a three days' beard. 7 - She came to him and took his hands. . "That woman says I'm dying," lie whispered; ; ".but Yynie's all right, isn't she ?" " Yes — yes , but what have yon been doing ? Oh, Tom, it isn't my fault, is it ? I did't drive yoit into folly? That woman says you've been out all night— every night— :- since Yynie's been ill. Say it wasn't my doing ! " , " It was for Yynie," he said. " I was -the nightingale, dear. Don't you remember how I used to call the robins for you in the winter. It was a silly little thing, but it was all I coul'd do for the dear. And it did do her good. You said so." He turned aside his .head ex hausted. I Rose's eyes were full of tears. "You stayed in that wood all night — every night ? You imitated the nightingale in all the wind and rain — and now — — " she had crouched by the bed, and laying her head on her hands she sobbed aloud. " Don't ! " he said feebly, " It was nothing. .Just a little thing to please the child." She lifted her face, flushed and distorted by her violent weeping, and laid it gently against his. He put up a feeble" hand and touched her neck. " You're sorry for, me," lie whis pered. "You" needn't be. I can't be unhappy again after this — your face — your - dear face. I don't in the least mind dying now." She sprang up. " Dear Tom — my own dear Tom. You're not going to die. I shall send Nurse to take care of you. Now promise nic.' at once, that you will get well, because Yynie and I can not possibly live Without you, my dear, dear " # .- ' Tom did not give the promise — hut lie did what was better, he got well. 'When he first saw Yynie, now walking cheerfully with the crutches that would soon be laid aside, she told him about the nightingale. , "And do you know," she said, " Sister says he never sang after you got ill. I. suppose God was so busy taking care of you that he hadn't time to bother with naughty nightin gales that wouldn't do their sing ing. He sang very nicely, though, when he was made to ; only, I thought, after a hit he seemed a little husky." " Perhaps he caught a cold," said Tom. " Some of the nights were very wet." " Perhaps he did — like you, you know," said Vynie, cheerfully. . " Well, he was a naughty nightin gale, but if he had a cold I hope he i had someone as nice as nursie and sister to look after him, like tliey did you." " I think he had," said. Tom. " Any way, I shall always love him, even if he was naughty, be cause he helped me to get well.", I " It would make, him very happy if he knew that," " Do you think he does know ?" " Yes, I think so." "Well,, anyway," said Vynie comfortably, "I'll go out into the I woods and tell , him if he sings in that wood next year." But the nightingale never sang in that wood again. . 