gf' . ? — ' . ' ^ ^ ? ? 'The Week's Miscellany. IfctfS . A wMlff-ago Judge -Hajnis fined Mr. R. T. p' B. Gadem, -the deputy sheriff at Singleton, \- ? £io for n on-aib tendance at a. court. A few tr. dayS after the oScer received a warrant to T / arrest R. T. B. Gaden (himself) for non I' payment of 'the fine. -Mr. Gaden tlierefor6 /- , ihad no other altexna'trre tat to do Ms duty nnri. arrpat-. himself. The court records _ ehxxw thait before Mr. R. T. B. Gaden, J.P., , R. T. B. Gaden was remanded, 'on the ap plication of tihe deputy-sheriff, to tile -next cession. Bail was ' fixed in (two sureties of ^ £30 eaoh Mr. Joseph Birtwlristle, a justice 'otf the peace, 70 years of age, committed ' suicide . ; ^ . at !h^ residence, Royal Park, near Mel 's 'bourne, by cutting his throat from ear to ?ear with a carving knife. He had suffered jfrom epileptic fits, and had bean despon dent. 4 In the ' international cricket match, Queensland v. New South Wales, the latter ?:v, nran- by an innings and 316 runs. They. 'k v Blade 640 (Trumper 208, and Donnan 113). Consternation has /been caused amongst 0 - eome of the miners at 'the copper mine at ' Blayney by the visitations of a ghost in If'*' one - of the shafts. The men hear strange noises, bells ringing, sighing, groanings, r _ &c.; Miners going below have -their candles ] ^ extinguished 'by a suj-ernatural visitor, and j? soine of the -men allege that something y brushed past them. Several hands have, \- it ;is stated, left the mine, owing to the - ]f terror the ghost has inspired. ; ^ When the charges of assault against seve jal German firemen, arising out of a row 1 v - IwMch occurred on board the steaaner De !*? .vonshire last Saturday nig'ht, as reported in ..the second edition of the '.'Sunday :! ' Times,' were called at the Wader Police Court, a settlement was suggested, and ?jv. Bgreed to, with the consent of the captain rL and. the parties concerned. ?}.??? The girl, Sarah Ann Allen, who was com ? mitted for trial for perjury at the Quarter j Bessions in connection with a case in which | ghe charged a 'bus-driver with assault, was J found 'not guilty' at the Criminal Court. i~ In the case of Low (journalist) v. Fairfax 4;- and others ('S.M. Herald'), in which a ;|~ Verdict was given for £294, tie Full Court ^ . f»as granted a new trial. .]? Mr. Frank Cornw-all, a son of Mr. Frank i. , Cornwall (deceased), who gained notoriety in the great land cases of Cornwall v. r M'Arrhur and Company, Was discovered !; murdered in his bed at. Samoa. The ieed was done with a hatcheit, and the per il ' petrator is supposed to have been aSamoan. : Cornwall was a British subject, and was the, largest individual landed proprietor in Hie Islands. iAn assault somewhat similar to that near Delegate was attempted at Port Arlington I' . .(Victoria). A man entered a room of an ? elderly spinster by the way 'of a window, M-- and when she screamed and resisted, struck 1 8ker a violent blow on the temple, from his escape. The man had placed a chaif bag under the window to p-revent his foot prints being seen. Mr. Jno. Hancock, M.P., one of the leaders of the Labor Party in the Victorian Parliament, died on Wednesday from heart tiisase. The British Admiralty has arranged to equip the vessels of the Mediterranean fleet . sritlv Marconi's wireless 'telegraphy. ^?A'lirfed- Ware, charged with -setting fire to a dwelling in Ivlacqu&rie-s-treat;, and Jane Ware, charged, ?with inciting, were at the Criminal Court, at the request of their counsel, remanded till tlie February sit tings. Bail: Ware, self in £500, and two sureties ' of £250 eac!h; Jane Ware, in two Buieties of £200 each., . . . In- the Queensland Assembly flhe Ministry averted, 'deleat in an.' ordinary division by &no;: . yote, . and ? afterwards resigned. In .tiie' South -. Australian '? Assembly the Opposition :ar.e about to move , a vote of censure. In the Vi-ctpria-n Assembly a mo tion disagreeing . Mtfii ? ti'e projwsed visit of 4be Attorney-Qeneral to Dagland was de feated' on the voices. :- 