GENERAL BOOTH IN HOBART. A HEARTY RECEPTION. General Booth, the famous head of the Salvation Army, arrived in Hobart from Melbourne yesterday morning, in the s.s. Waikare, and met with a very hearty reception, not only on the part of Salvationists, but also from several of the leading citizens, and left again in the after noon by the same steamer for New Zea- land, accompanied by his staff officers. The General looked remarkably well consider- ing the illness he has recently passed through, but has considerably aged since his previous visit. ADDRESS IN THE TEMPERANCE HALL. A good audience assembled in the Tem- perance-hall at half-post 9 in tho morning, to hear an address from the General. The Salvation Army Federal Band was in attendance, and played several tunes before the proceedings commenccd. It is a splendid band, the instruments blending superbly, the only harsh sounds coming occasionally from the cornet in the hands of the con- ductor. The noted drummer boy is with the band, and he is an artist on the big drum. The Hon. B. Stafford Bird presided, sup- ported on the platform by the General and his staff, consisting of Commandant Booth, of Melbourne, Commissioner Pollard, Colonel Lawley, Adjutant Barratt, Briga- dier McPhee (Melbourne), and Major Edwards (Launceston.) Also by Mrs. Bird, Mrs. H. H. Teague, and Rev. H. B. Barber, F.L.S. The CHAIRMAN assured the General a most hearty welcome, and feelingly alluded to their distinguished visitor's quarantine trouble in Western Australia, and his illness in South Australia. No one could fail to appreciate the great work General Booth had initiated and was carrying on. It would be n oexaggeration to say that for its character and extent throughout the wide world, there had been no social or religious organisation in history to compare with it. (Applause.) History recorded of how Mahomet swept like a tornado the regions of the East, proclaiming the great truth of one God, and at the same time, for he seemed to believe it, that he was God's prophet. Hun- dreds of thousands were made to em- brace the faith of Moslem, but it was not accomplished by the truth and power of the Gospel, but by the power of the sword. Then there was the great Wesleyan Methodist movement, in which there were many peculiarities corresponding very closely to the great organisation at the head of which stood General Booth. Without detracting from the great reputa- tion of that movement, we must admit that the extent to which General Booth had seen his work succeed and extend through- out the world during his own lifetime, far away exceeded the extent Jno. Wesley, great and good man as he was, and great as was his power of organisation, saw of his own work. (Applause.) Both of these men and their works came from God. (Applause.) When they considered General Booth's advancing years, it might be that this visit to Tasmania would be his last. General BOOTH, who was very enthusi- astically received, thanked the meeting for its kind greetings. It was now his good fortune to be cordially welcomed through- out the world, and which he could not fail to regard as agreeable and encouraging. The sympathy and encouragement of the world stimulated him in the work to which it had pleased God to call him, for in con- nection with the direction of the Salvation Army movement there were many hours of trial and difficulty. Nevertheless he looked upon such expressions of welcome as being intended, not so much for him as for the movement with which he was so closely associated--that the Army deserved well of the people among whom its flag waved, and for whose interests it laboured. Let the public judge it according to the work it did. The Army was willing to be judged, having nothing to conceal, and so let the world at large see what the out- come of their operations was; let their progress, principles, the motives that actuated the workers, and the Army's whole sphere of labour be considered. Judge them according to the outcome of it all--all that was so far calculated to benefit humanity in this world and the world to come. Public opinion was often a very unreliable authority, and a very changeful guide, one day spreading flowers of the greatest beauty and the sweetest fra- grance in the path, and on another treated one with scorn and dragged one forward to a crucifixion. Yet, the Salvation Army had nothing to complain of in this respect. During the short period it had been in existence it had occupied a living niche in the temple of fame, and in the estimation of the best, truest, noblest, and most bene- volent and religious men and women of the ago. Still, he would not have those present like the Army for what others thought about it, nor yet on the Army's own estimate. The Salvationist had a good opinion of his own concern, and if he was worth having at all, had a good opinion of himself also, remembering that his name was written in Heaven, and who regarded it as his business not simply to get his own little self into Heaven, but to save the souls of those around him as well; he believed in his principles and methods as being of God, supported by the authority of the Bible, sustained by the testimony of ex- perience and observation, and believing in his captain, officers, and general. Neither let them judge the Salvation Army by its creed, though it was orthodox from the beginning to the end of the Scriptures, and though they believed it with all their hearts, for the biggest scoundrel who had ever walked this earth had been as orthodox in creed as the very devil himself. Judge them rather in respect to their activity in doing good. The Army were an active people. The Salvationist believed that his assistance was necessary to the Almighty to carry out his plans on earth, and so he worked for God. Still, they might do a great deal of labour and there be very little outcome from it all. And so they said to the world, the Governments, and those who wanted to know, "Come and look at us. Come and look at the outcome of it all--the bad men and women who are made good, miserable people made happy, and see the paupers, criminals, drunkards, and harlots, the debauched, and the despairing multi- tudes turned round, and made not only good citizens and converted people, but who have themselves become soldiers fighting against sin and for the deliver- ance of man." (Applause.) Judge the Army according to its results. He hoped no one would suppose that it was a perfect organisation, for nothing could be further from the truth. The whole could not be better than its parts, and the Salva- tion Army was made up of imperfect people--of many men and women dragged out of the darkest sea of sin, out of public- houses, and out of numerous forms of worldliness, so they could not be expected to be perfect all at once. Nevertheless, the Army in these respects improved as it went forward. It improved in the extent of its work, grew in sense and in grace, in devotion, self-sacrifice, and in all [t]hose properties and qualities which commanded admiration. Neither was the Army a continued and uninter- rupted success. Alas, how could it be so? An army in real war was bound to suffer in certain directions, it was bound to receive beatings in this quarter or that; there must be some retreats and defeats, and the most that could be expected was, on the whole, a steady advance. And to it was with the Salvation Army. Perhaps no one under heaven had met with more bitter disappointments than the true Salvationist in connection with his or her work. Nevertheless, the Army throughout the world was advancing. (Applause). There were those who spoke of the spiritual and social side of the Army's work. He did not like the distinction. He did not think a man could be saved by halves. There was first the spiritual side--the dealing with the heart, the organisation of man's nature, and when the Holy Ghost came upon him the man's inside was put right. There was far too much tinkering with the outside. Get the man, the soul put right, and he would soon rectify his body, his clothes, mode of doing business, his conduct, and his religion. But there were millions of people hedged round by so many damnable cir- cumstances that before anything could be done for their souls something must be done for their bodies. It was wonderful what the bringing up and the training had to do with character. There were the sunken classes, the "darkest England" classes that had to be dealt with. They had souls redeemable by the precious Blood. They might as well expect to see the devil come out of hell and not go back again, as to expect those submerged masses to turn from the downward road unless they were helped. He insisted that unless they were helped such people were as well as damned already. The Salvation Army had striven to reach them, and to help these poor people. (Applause.) The mul- titudes of men and women who would not go to hear the Gospel preached must be approached; it was necessary to go to them. The Army might fairly be judged by what it had done and was doing in these directions, though it was but a young organisation, and though its General was 70 years of age, and, as some said, ready for the shelf, but he was not there yet. (Applause and laughter.) The Salvation Army would, he trusted, ever remain young and vigorous, and true to the principles upon which it was founded 33 years ago. (Renewed applause.) Its flag was to-day flying in 46 different countries and colonies, with 5,500 corps led by 14,500 officers. The Methodist Movement had been alluded to. That was one of the greatest, noblest, and highest Christian organisations on record; and yet, when Wesley died, after the movement had been in existence 50 years, he left behind him 750 ministers against the Salvation Army's 14,500 officers at the close of its 33 years of labour. He attributed very much of the success of the Army to the efforts of the women in it. It was not a matter of the woman against the man, or the man against the woman, but both working together. Then there were 40,000 local officers being trained to carry on the same good work while earning their bread by the sweat of their brows. They had 26 different newspapers and they preached salvation in 50 different lan- guages. Their newspapers were published in 16 different tongues, and the circulation of these were something like 1,000,000 per week. Then came the efforts to reach the miserable and the outcast. He had travelled the world, but, after all, the most interesting object to him on the face of the the earth was a man or a woman, and especially suffering men and women. It was the suffering ones who brought the Master from heaven--not to see them, but to assist them. He had travelled through the starvation world. There was an interesting one! men and women dying by inches, without homes, and without friends--hopeless creatures of despair. Then he had travelled through the vicious world, among the drunkards, harlots, and gamblers, and through the criminal world. As the outcome of the nine years of special work for these classes, the Army had 450 institutions as social refuges, with 1,832 trained officers; feeding 3,000 men,women, and children, and sheltered 15,000 ragged and homeless souls nightly. (Applause.) Then the Army had 72 slum posts, 92 rescue homes into which in one year 4,600 girls had been brought, and with the result that as high as 74 per cent, (and the average was between 60 and 70 per cent.) had been permanently rescued after three years' trial. They had also 13 children's homes, 12 criminal homes, 122 food and shelter depots, 34 labour bureaus, 53 labour factories, and 13 farm colo- nies. (Applause.) The Army was as- sisted in carrying on this work by subsidies, sometimes grumblingly and stingily given, by 24 Governments. He trusted that when these Governments came to clearly see what good the Army did, they would deal with them more gener- ously. (Applause.) The audience would gather from these facts what an immense amount of misery was alleviated, what an immense number of men, women, and children were rescued by the Army. (Ap- plause.) He claimed that it was a great redeeming, saving force in the world. (Applause.) Beyond that there was the incalculable amount of stimulus and en- couragement that the Army had given to other denominations, agencies, and institu- tions. If the Army could only have patented its ideas from the first, the royalties it would now be receiving would be immense. (Laughter and applause.) He believed it was all the work of God and man in combination. (Warm applause.) The meeting then concluded with sing- ing and prayer, and a vote of thanks to the chairman, which was proposed by General Booth. 