CONNUBIAL BLISS. MUTHERS OP ENGLAIND. Better than college honours, Better than platform applause, Is to be tihe mother of gallant men Guarding Great Britain's shores. Better than Woman's Suffrage. Better than visible might, Is a mother's handl on the son's life helmn Steering his course arlgllt. Iotter than Ilulsenlss monumnent, Better thitan public acclaim, Is to live again in a noble son, True author of his fame. Mothers, dear mothlers of England, Best bulwarks of Britain's shore, Guarding our countrv's greatness, With your motherhood strong and pure. Arming our English mianhood With the breastplate of your love, With tite sword of national righteousnesso , The Ielhchnet of prayers hIeard above. Mothlers, dlear lmothlers of England, ThI'e angels might envy your might, Tite Stlght of a womnan's weakness When blent withl the courage of right. ++ AN ABSENT MAN'S WEDDING DAY. When Johln Kemble, tite great tragedian, was married, hie went to thie theatre in the eveting, attd acted as usual, and it was re marked, with as much self-possession and tranquility as bIefore. 'This was a great proof of t he wonderful command that Joltn Kemble hIad overall thie springs of ptassion, quelling or pouring themn forthl at will, but thie real fact was thllt hie hIad forgotten all about the marriage, for after the iplay was over, instead of going home to his new betterl-half,and the friends who were waiting to take a parting glass, and wish him ever so tmuch happiness, ite wslt to his bacheltr' Ihomec; and the friends wcro astonished wheln ten o'clock canme, and he was to be at home, that no John arrived, neither at eleven or at twelve Off to the theatre three of them sallied. " Mr. Kemnble left at half-past nine." " Where did he go to, sir ?" " He was dtriven to the Temtple." I'erhlaps ie had gone to take a garcon'e farewell, and was lingeming yet fondly over thle remains of the ibachelorhiood. Arrived at the door of the chlambrr, thie bell was pulled once, twice, thtrice, with no result, and ticy were on tihe ipoint of going away when the windownvpened, and thie great John asked, as Ite might of the ghost of papa Hamlet. " Who is there ?" " Why, Kemble, wlat are you doing there ? We have been expecting you these three hours, and your wife, Mrs. Kenmble, is distracted." " My wife ?'" replied John. "'What ? Yes, I renmenlber. I iad forgotten it." And the innocent John soon let in his friends. Quite forgetting the nmolniltg's engagemtnt to enact thie part of huboatnd for life, lie h gocne Ionie to bed, ta:llowed his nose, altd was quietly tucked in for the nipl?,r. What Mrs. J. K. said whent he was brought Iomno deponent said not. +.4 Mrs. Gadd-I saw y'r ithusland on ith' street yesterday. He lookted very soletnlt, ttought. Has Ie got religion V Mrs. Gabb- os-o; it's only dyspepsia. ++ A henpecked husband said in extenuation of hiis wife's raids upon hiis madp, " You see she takes her own hair off so easily, she doesn't knrow how it hults to hIave mine pulled out," ++ A Bihle expoulder, in speaking of Adam, said: "When Adam awoke from his fint sleep he discovered Eve. I may here be aplropos to remark, that he was ' on tite evo of a great discovery.' But it turned outthat Adam's first sleep was his last repose." ++ When Brigham Young receivel the boxes containing the important silk dresses and cashmnere shawls for his thirty wives, he said to a friend: "Ah, if you knew the cost of these goods you would not believe for a mo ,'ent that I practised polygmy as an earthly pleasure. Bo, sir! it is with me a stern duty." ++ " Henry," cried Mrs. V'on Toodles, grasp ing hIer somnolent husband by the ann. " Henry, there are burglars in the house. Get up and go down." ".Utter nonsense, tmy dear," returned Hlenry. " You wouldn't have a man of my social position associating with burglars would you ? You astonish me." +4 In King George II's time Lord E--- married three wives, who were all hIis ser vants; a beggar woman meeting him one day in the street, made him a very low curt sey. "Alt, God Almighty bless you," said she, " and send you a long life; if you do but live long enough I may be lady E----." ++ DomesticTroublea.-"A nice husband you are! " said Madame in a passion. " You care less about me than about those pet animnals of yours. Look what you did when your poodle, Azor, died." Husband (quietly): Iell,I had himnt stuffed. Wife (exasperated): You wouldn't have gone to that expense for me-not you, in' deed." +4 A nobleman went to a pawnbroker to borrow a thousand pounds upon hin wife's jewels, and said, " I want you to take the stones out of tihe settings and put false ones in their stead, as 1 do not want my wife to know that I have pawned tlhem." " You are too late," said time pawnbrokere " for I purchlased the real stones of-my lady a year ago. +4 "ThIe whisper iof a beautiful woman," says Balac, "cau hie iheard further than the loudest call of duty." But tite mani who is creeping up stalrs, with hiis bonots off, at two 'lsciek a tm., and hears the whisper of iris wife ;as he leans over the hianisters, ill the darkness, doesn't tlhink of her beautty. His chief thoughtis how mnuclh hie would itke to exchange his boots for a pair of wings. 4+ lIfantine Innoeence.--little Ada and her ltamtma arein the broughamt, wtih just about one second tc spare in order te catch the train at tihe staition. Lisette, tihe lady's ulaid, is closing thile carriage door. Ada in. bists upot getting out again; shie has nnt hissed her papa. She is forcibly detained nid assured there is not timne. " Yer.- wellt, then, ltsettt, you go to papa; give him one of yoursweetest kisses, and tell him I hadn't time to some myself." +4 A chlili, while walking through an art gal lery with her mother, was attracted by a statue of Minesva. " Who is that? " said Fshe. " My child, that is Minerva,the goddess oa wisdom." " Why, didn't they mnake her husband, too? " " elause she had none, my child." " That was biecauose shie was wise, wasn't 1t, mamma? " was the artlesrspL. 