MR. CRAVEN'S INVESTMENT. | [Bv P. M. ImiY.] CHAPTER I. Mr. Craven was in a very bad temper indeed, t. Never,, at tlio bust of times, a particularly amiable old gentleman, lie wis now looking positively alariuincj as lie stamped up and down the room, knocking chairs and tables out ol his road, and muttering to himself, and every tunc he glanced at the let ter he held in his hand his wrath burst forth anew. He had lost moro money already by that speculation than he cared to think about, and now it seemed that he was likely to lose a good deal more. . Even the sound of the dinner-bell did not . appease him, and he looked so very forbidding that for some time his wife, a delicate, gentle looking woman, was afraid to utter a word. At last, seeing his brow clear a little, she ventured io remark : ' I had a letter from Nell this morning, ?John. She says she 'will not come home for jmother fortnight, if we can spare her.' Mr. Craven grunted an inarticulate reply, but his face brightened, for if there was one person in this world-lie cared for more than him self, it was his beautiful young daughter. Em boldened to proceed, Mrs. Craven asked — ' Do you happen to know anything of a Doctor Cheston ? Nell says she fancies that his father was a friend of yours.' ' Cheston !' his face darkening again, ' remember liim ! I should think so ! I have special cause to remember him.' Seizing the letter that had been the original cause of his anger, he flourished it before her. 'Why, it was he that persuaded me to buy these shares, confound him ! A plausible idiot ! lie declared I'd make a fortune out of them. Make a fortune, indeed i Why it looks as though I'd lose one. How on earth does Nell happen to know anything about Jiirn ?' ' It's liis son, John ; the old doctor died some years ago. He seems to be a very nice young fellow indeed, though he is rather badly off, for he has to support his mother and two sisters. Your sister was speaking about him last time she wrote. He is one of their nearest neighbours, and, from what Nell says, they see a great deal of him.' Mr. Craven looked very cross. ' What ! You don't mean to tell me that they are on friendly terms with him ?' ' Certainly ; your sister seems to think a great deal of hiin, and says he is very clever, and sure to succeed in his profession. In fact, John, from hints Mary let fall, I cannot help ?thinking that he is fond of Nell.' If the roof had suddenly blown off, or a tidal ivave swept away his beautifully carpeted floor, poor Mr. Craven could not possibly have looked more taken aback, and when he did manage to grasp tlie situation his wrath was beyond expression. ' Fond of Nell !' his only daughter and heiress. He had never heard of such audacity, and his sister actually encouraged the young man in liis presumption. Like most bad-tempered people, he was very ?dictatorial and unreasonable. ' Mary always was a sentimental simpleton. , Hell shall not stay there another day ; I'll send for her at once. I'll write by this morning's post. No, that would take too long. I shall telegraph, and the girl can come home by this ? - evening's train.' Poor Mrs. Craven was aghast. In vain she remonstrated, even begged and implored him to be more reasonable. 'Just think how offended Mary will he if you take Nell away without a moment's notice. What possible excuse could you give for such a strange proceeding.' ' What !' roared the angry old gentleman ; .?/?.? ' am I to stand tamely by and let that plausible swindler's son make love to my girl. Of course lie only wants her for her money ; you said yourself that he hasn't got a penny of his own. Here, Anna, Anna, tell Henry I want him to go into town nt once to send a telegram for me.' Mrs. Trevor, a lively, good-natured young ?woman, as great a contrast to her irrascible half- brother as could well be imagined, was ? ? Laving a tennis-party that afternoon. Every one had left off playing, and gathered round the afternoon tea table under the trees on the lawn, , when the housemaid appeared with a telegram ' for Miss Craven.' Nell tore it open, turning white as she ' . glanced through it. ?' What is it, dear ?' cried Mrs. Trevor, coming hastily to her side. ' I do not know, — it is from papa. I — I am afraid mamma must be ill; lie would never send for me like this unless something very serious had happened.' , Mrs. Trevor read it hastily. She also thought there must be' something wrong, . though she kept her thoughts to herself. . 'Four o'clock, and the train leaves at a quarter to five. Go and get ready at once, dear. Don't stop to pack anything ; I'll do that, and send your luggage after you to-morrow. I must tell them to get the buggy ready.' 'Won't you use mine,' Mrs. Trevor; it ? would save time,' said a quiet voico beside her. 'Mrs. Trevor lifted a grateful face. ' Oil, thank you; doctor ; it would indeed.' Then turning to the rest of her guests — ' I ' know you will all excuse me for running away, but I have to accompany my niece to the station.' 1 ? Nell was soon back again, looking very pale and sad, as she said good-bye to her sympathis ing friends. 'I am coming with you to the station, Miss Craven,' said Dr. Cheston, gently, as she held out her hand with a very tremulous farewell. j The drive was it very silent one, all three being too much occupied with their own thoughts to sity inucli ; hut when she was safely in the train, nnd the last good-bye had been said, poor Nell quite broke down. The doctor, standing .????' by tho open window, raised her band to his lips. ? ' darling,' he. murmured, ' you must uot give way like this. There may be nothing the matter after all.' And then the train started, and ho was left with Mrs. Trevor to watch a tiny lace handkerchief waving bravely, until a bend in the line hid it from view. CHAPTEK II. . Tlie following afternoon, as Mrs. Trevor was ?working'1 in the garden, she saw the doctor coming down the path to meet her; and, if he ' ' had not been so occupied with his own thoughts, he must have seen how different to her usual bright greeting was' her confused— 'Oh, how do you do, doctor? I did not expect to see you to-day.' 'I have just called to see what news you ve had l'rom Miss Craven,' lie began abruptly, ? when she interrupted him with a hurried— ? 'I suppose I must call it very good news. I had a letter from my brother this morning, to apologise for taking her - away so abruptly. They were all quite well ; there was nothing the matter, but — ' She hesitated a moment then plunged wildly into it. ' Mr. Hatton, the young man Nell is engaged to, arrived unex pectedly yesterday morning, and as he could only stay a day or two, my brother sent for Nell at once.' ?' I was not aware that Miss Craven was engaged,' he said, quietly, after a long pause, during which Mrs. Trevor picked four of her best rose-buds and tore them to pieces. 'Neither was I,' she responded, quickly; 'but then, you see, until she came to stay with | us I had seen so little of her, and seldom cor responded with my brother's family. I re member Flo. Davis told me something about it, and said Nell was a great flirt, but I thought I she said it in fun. I am very fond of the girl, but I think she has behaved — '' The doctor held out his hand, saying abruptly — ' I must go, now, Mrs. Trevor ; I am rather busy to-day,' and went away to his work, and during the next three or four months contrived to assure himself many times that after all Miss Craven was nothing to him. He saw her father's death announced in the papers ; but, little dreaming how it would influence his own life, wondered if the girl was married yet, and forgot it until coming home late one evening he found a letter waiting for him from a well known lawyer. ' It must be a fortune,' said the elder of his two sisters, a girl of sixteen, as slu put down the tea-pot and camc round to his side. The doctor laughed. He was looking much older and more careworn than four months ago. His practice was not a flourishing one, and he was beginning to find it rather hard to make both ends meet. He read the brief business letter through, and then read it again. ' Here, Milly, see what you can make out of it ; surely there must be some mistake. Why should Mr. Craven, a man I never saw in my life, have left me these shares, and what is the mine ? I never even heard of it before, and why word it so strangely.' ' Hoping they will not cost him more than they have cost me.' ' ' Here's an enclosure you must have dropped,' said the girl, and read it over his shoulder. ' Why, what a vindictive old man,' she exclaimed, wratlifully. ' Bead it aloud, Hugh, so mother can hear.' ' Dear sir,' began the astonished doctor, ' as you will doubtless be much astonished by j this extraordinary bequest, we volunteer the following explanation. Our late client, a man of peculiar temper, we regret to say bore an undying resentment against your father, who many years ago unfortunately persuaded him to buy these shares. As the mine, in spite of beginning so promisingly, turned out an utter failure, they proved to be a remarkably bad investment, and he lost a great deal of money over them ; and, by way of revenge for your father's bad advice, lias left them to you, hoping that you also will be a loser.' Mrs. Cheston and her daughters were very indignant. 'Why, Roger,' cxclaimed his mother, 'that must have been his daughter — that pretty little girl who was staying with the Trevors some time ago.' The doctor ' supposed so,' nonchalantly, as he gathered up the papers and locked, them away in liis desk, and tried to forgot them, until meeting Mr. Trevor, — who of course knew the whole story — lie stopped him to ask : ' By the way, Cheston, have you still got those shares ?' ' I'm not likely to get rid of them,' said the doctor, laughing, but feeling anxious at the question nevertheless, for they weighed heavily on his mind. 'Well, I wouldn't advise you to yet, for I saw by to-day's paper that they've made an extraordinary find there. Of course it is only the vaguest rumour so far, but I shouldn't be surprised if you were to make a fortune out of them after all. Strange if you should, for the rest of Craven's investments have turned out so badly that his wife and daughter are practically penniless. Mrs. Craven has gone to some of her own people, and Nell is coming back to us until she can get a situation as governess. You remember Nell, don't you 1' The doctor -was seized with such a fit of absentmindedness that he quite forgot to cal and see three of his patients, and Mr. Trevor's last bit of news had completely driven the strange rumours about the mine out of his, head. ' Nell trying to get a situation as governess ! What had become of Mr. Hatton ? Well, it's no business of mine,' said the doctor, grimly, after puzzling over it all the way home. ' I wonder how long she is going to stay with the Trevors ? However, that's nothing to me, for I have no intention of going near the parsonage while she is there. I'm too busy to spend my time at the beck and call of a finished coquette.' With which wise resolution the doctor banged the garden gate, and spent the evening wonder ing what had become of Miss Craven's fiance. CHAPTER III. ' Dick, for pity's sake stop writing tor a few minutes and advise me what to do, for really I am almost frantic,' exclaimed Mrs. Trevor one afternoon, coming into the study where her husband was vainly trying to finish his sermon. ' Well ?' questioned the long-suffering man, pushing aside his paperswith-a-STippresseft'Sigftr ' It's about Nell.' $&' She does look ill,' he interrupted. ' Bcttc send for Cheston.' ? His wife gave a little scream. ' Dick, you are without exception the most stupid man I know. Don't you see that is what I am telling you ; lie lias not been here once since she came, and — ' ' Well, my dear, that's only a fortnight ago, and I know lie's pretty busy just now.' Mrs. Trevor looked the picture of woe. ' No matter how busy he was he contrived to come nearly every day last time she was here. Surely you must have seen that he simply worshipped lier.' ' Well, seeing that yon dinned it into my head morning, noon, and night, it would have been strange if I hadn't ; but, at the same time, I must say I always imagined that he came to play tennis. But really, Mary, you could scarcely expect the man to come after the way her father treated him ; it would be most awkward for both of them, and for us, too, and I am glad he has sufficient sense to keep away.' . ' Why he ought to be most grateful to John. Only think what a lot of money he is making out of those shares after all.'. ' Do you know, he doesnH want to keep a penny of it, but is talking of having them all transferred to Nell and her mother ; says the old man wouldn't have left them to him if he'd had the remotest idea of theft turning out well. Seems rather too quixotic a notion to please me, and the clergyman took up his pen, but his wife seized it; and pushing it out of his reach, said, hurriedly — 'It isn't that keeps him away, dear, but lie was very fond of her, and — and I told him that she was engaged,' and she told him all about her brother's letter. ' Of course as soon as Nell I came I said something about her engagement — I'd been dying to hear all about it— and she simply stared at me with hor great sad eyes. ' I do not understand you,' she said at last, and I am sure she thought I was referring to the doctor. I repeated what ' her father had told me, and to my horror she was as much surprised as I had been.' ' She had known Mr. Hatton since she was a child, she said, and they had always been great friends, but he was engaged to his cousin — he had told her so himself. She knew her father wanted hor to marry him ; he had often said as much, and he had always been so used to having everything go exactly as he wished that most likely he had had no doubt whatever about their being ready to get married whenever lie told tliem to,' said poor Mrs. Trevor, ending with a pathetic — 'Now what am I to do.' ' Well,' said her husband, gravely, 'it seems to me that you have done a great deal too much already. Nell looks as though she is rapidly going into a consumption, and the doctor is turning into a confirmed misogynist. I suppose you did not tell Nell that you had told the i doctor of her supposed engagement ?' Mrs. Trevor shook her head. ' So that each is regarding the other as a heartless flirt. Well, my dear Mary, your match-making has certainly been anything but a success. I suppose as those mines have turned out so well, there is no im mediate danger of the doctor shooting himself, and Nell appears to have a good appetite in spite of it all ; so, if you take my advice, you will leave them alone. If you like I might contrive to give the doctor a gentle hint that it was all a mistake, though I'm not very fond of meddling in other people's affairs. And now I really must go out ; if I meet the young man I'll invite him home to tea.' It was late in the evening when Mr. Trevor came home. His wife was sitting by the fire reading studiously. ' Where's Nell 1' he inquired, with a quick look round as lie sat down in the ojiposite chair. Mrs. Trevor looked confused. ' You won't laugh, will you, dear ?' she begged. 'But — but they've got measles in a house in the next street, — Sarah told me so this morning, and — and baby seemed very fretful, so — so I thought I'd better send for the doctor.' Mr. Trevor sank back in his chair, and fairly shouted with laughter. ' Well, what happened'?' he asked, as soon as he had sufficiently recovered his breath to utter a word. ' Why, Nell turned as white as a ghost, and when he saw her sad, changed face, I think it was all he could do to keep from catching her in his arms, so I said I'd come and see about some afternoon tea, and — ' ' Here they come now,' said her husband, looking out through the window, ' and the doctor looks as though he intends to stay to tea.' [the end.] 