? AST AUSTRALIAN STOKY. ? BY HARK1ET ARNOLD. CHAPTER XIX.-THE CUP RACE. . Aurandal returned to Melbourne and went out to Holiniiurst.'. There was much regret wheu itbecame known that Sir Noel was not to be of tho party on Cuj> Day, but those who had seen him on Monday morning were not surprised at his absence. " If ever a man was insane, Erringdean was BO yesterday," remarked Anderson to Jack, attor hearing the news. And I am rather'glad Anrandal has turned up safe to-day with ius usual inscrutable faoe. I was uneasy about his being alone with our duelling friend." "I am glad "too," responded Jack; " we seem rather unlucky in some ways this year. First, Miss Greystone's leaving, then^Thora's sudden idea of returning to Bellarine—I did not know until she had left—then Noel's mad freak, and now Valkyrie is going about like a ghost." "She danced too much last night," was Anderson's reply. "She did not eeem to miss the Prince much; rather a slap in the face for those who said they -were a case of spoons, eh?" "By Jove, Anderson," said Jack slowly, "I think I can understand the duel now." _ " And, by Jove, so can I now you'mention it," was the doctor^ exclamation as he started upright in his chair and his eyes met Jack's. N ".Well"—after a moment's reflection—"we must not interfere, I suppose. I am sorry for both parlies, as I don't believe Valkyrie has the slightest preference between them." • " Neither do I;" answered Jack, "although, of course, I back the Englishman." \- They went to the Cup; their party, in spite of theabsonce of some of theguests, was considerably larger than on ihe Derby Day. Valkyrie donned her heliotrope dresB with a breaking heart under her gay smiles and words, and went forth to do her part in gracing the festival. Her mind was occupied with the thought, would he be there? _ Were the awful words he had said and the things he had insinuated on Sunday evening really the effects of temporary madness, and would her lover meet her to-day with the repentance for which a soft forgiveness was awaiting? If he would not, will ebe still maintain her pride— the pride that haclsustained her? After &rringdaan; strode away on th Sunday evening she arose from her half-stupefied trance on the terrace-Beat, and finding Noel gone, turned towards the house, intending to seek her own room and there collect her dazed senses. bat before she could reach a side doOf leading to the ladies' corridor. John, strolling along with his great Danish hound, and thinking of Thora, met her. " Hallo, VaJ! out by yourself! Where is Erriusrdean, and what are you doing?" he askedcareleEsly. She paused a moment, and by strength of "will she recovered her voice. " I have been watching the Varra. It looks so pure up here, not at all like the river that Saws so sulkily under that great bridge in Melbourne." "Prinie'e Bridge, you mean," corrected Jack; "and let me beg that you will notmake disparaging remarks on any part of the beautiful stream of which we Melbourne folks are so justly proud. It has its qualities—mostly bad ones—but, above all, not even Cologne, the city of spires arid scents What is the (matter, Val?" He broke off suddenly to ask the question, as a flash from a newly-lighted lamp in the billiard-room came through the window and fell oh her faoe. ' " Are yon ill?" "No, I am not ill, Jaok. Do I look tired? It is this, my first ro^nd of dissipation, telling on me, perhaps." " If that is so," replied Jack with refresh ingicandour, "I am glad that Thora went home to Bellarine to-day. I would not like her cheoks to be a3 white as yours'-are at present." Valkyrie smiled, and with a laughing reply passed on. She bore her part bravely although quietly, through the long Cup Day. Amongst the thousands who thronged Flemington was there any heart more sorrowful than that of the beautiful girl who carried horaelf with such proud graciousness? She never noticed that the Prince was absent. She had in the cnlminatmg trouble of Sunday forgotten that in the conservatory of the Castle he had declared his intention of going personally to Bellarine and there seeing the woman he now felt little doubt was the newlywedded wife who had gone silently away from his castle in the grey twilight of a Russian evouing—{rone, as the note she left for him implied, with some one else. And when he met her he prayed that his great lore for her ttiicht not prove to be the thirst for revenge. Valkyrie had forgotten all this in her own trouble. There' were many large luncheon parties tinder the vines in the carriage-paddock, all good-humoured and prosperous-looking, as though the troubles of the depression had been for the day forgotten. Bank and Company Directors conversed affably with Crown Prosecutors and rained land-boomers; Building Society promoters aired themselves and their womankind majestically on the velvet lawns or enjoyed their^champagne luncheons, feeling assured that they would not suffer the embarrassment of meeting any of their late clients and investors there. \ "Is this Cup to be Emperor's last appearance, Grahame?" enquired one of the .geatlomen at their table. "Yes; the old fellow has but one more race to run, and then, whether he wins or loses, his work on the turf is over." " Will you sell him?" . " No f I value him more highly than all my stud; he is fit to be the founder of a race of horses. I intend that his shall be the honour and glory of taking away the slur that is cast on us sportsmen when they say that we cannot breed a horse now with all the good qualities the horses of the earlier days had, and so he G goes to Clinton Down almost immediately." " I am sorry you are taking him out of Vic- .toria." was the reply as they arose. TheCupTace was run in due course. The old starter, on his piebald nag, with the red flag, came pounding down to the startingpost before the racehorses came out, receiving T hearty cheers from the concourse of spectators, to most of whom he was known either t personally or by repute. c He got the large field away in good order. c Emperor lost a few lengths at the start as he seemed to be in an unusually lazy mood. His backers felt their hopes sink as they saw him chafing the flying crowd of horses, amongst which were some bard to beat. The racers rushed on, but most of them gradually fell back. Emperor crept up until there was one horse only in front—a great raking chestnut from another colony. The former was racing like a demon now, for his opponent was young and fresh, aud at Emperor's age a win on Saturday means a long racc on Tuesday. They were near the home turn, and the old • fellow was making almost human efforts to retain hie record as a Cup winner. His joekey was working him to his last efforts with his voice; neither whip nor spur was laid on the horse. With his immense sweeping stride he came alone, his heart throbbing under his rider's knee, and his eyes steadied on the winning-post, with the rattltng volley of hoofs thundering after him. John Grahame saw the struggle, and a regretful feeling came over him that he had subjected his faithful old racer to the evident humiliation of being beaten. The horse's straining efforts were made from pride of previous victories. At last the whip began to fall on the ohestnut's flanks, and gradually the latter fell hack. Emperor waB still going strongly; they were at the home turn abreast. Then Emperor was first by a bead —a neck—a length. In the straight, amidst the cheers of his backers, ho was two lengths ahead. The old cry of " Victory" was ringing in his ears. The grand old horse responded with a whirlwind rush past the Judge's box—three lengths ahead ! "Who says we have no staying powers in our horses while Emperor's eons and daughters are with us?" Emperorreceived an ovation, the more thrilling as it was known that this was to be his last race. (To bo continued to-morrow.) 