i OR, I Sow Kuth Won Her Heritage. I By Mrs. G. Sheldon, I . thorei,3 of "The Missing Heir of I flsllonby," " -he Masked Bridal," Etc. I CHAPTER XXV. I f0>TROtf.d by a ghost of the fast. I «Thcr spake not a word;, i got like dumb statues, or breathing I Stared" on each other, and looked deadly I pile." I T|,afc Bame evening, after the exciting I intefvk'iv between Mrs Anthony Flymp- I ton and Ruth, a box, addressed to " Misa I Hope Plyinpt'ju," arrived by express at I the cosy home of that young lady. I Ruth's face glowed with pleasure, and a I bright blusli mounted to her brow as she instantly recognised the handwriting on I She-utov also pretty well what she wonld find on opening the box, for, at every Christmas and birthday, since their return from Europe, Basil Meredith had sent a lovely floral offering to her little one, with some dainty surprise for herself enclosed with it. v " Darling 1 the fond mother ex claimed, ina tone of self-reproach, as she I clasped the child close in her arms, " I have not once thought of this being your birthday. How could I have forgotten it 1 nh 1" with a thrill of horror in her vo:ce " what if those horses had trampled out your little life this morning 1 How wretched, how desolate I should have been at this hour ! But we will not think of tf let us see what our good friend has sent us from New York." Plac'ng Hope on a chair beside her, Bhe cut the twine that bound the mysterious package, removed the wrappings, lifted the cover, when, lo I a beautiful basket of lilies of the valley, almost the counter part of the one he had sent her in Paris, greeted her eyes. " How lovely !" Ruth murmured, with smiling, but tremulous, lips ; " how kind, how thoughtful of him !" But her words were followed by a re gretful sigh, while a wistful expression shone in her large blue eye3. She longed, more than she dared confess, even to her- self, for her friend, and she had not seen him once since she bade him good-bye on the steamer, nearly two years previous. She had heard from him occasionally, and his letters were always cheerful and chatty, while, of late, he bad two or three times ninted that he hoped, ere long, to have the pleasure of seeing her. She lifted the basket of lilies, and set it upon the table, their delicious fragrance filling the room, wh'lo little Hope clapped her hands gleefully and cried : " Mine, mamma, mine I" Cnderueatli there was another box, and this was found to contain a marvellous little doll, with " truly hair," jointed arms and legs, and "real eyes" that would ,l go to sleep and wake np !" Then came a lovely picture, in water colors, representing a scene in Central Park, which :<uth had been enthusiastic over the day when she and Basil Mere dith had driven together there the last time she had seen him. She was deeply touched by this remem brance of her, and sat regarding it in a delicious reverie, nntil Hope, becoming impatient at her long silence, pleaded to "get down," that she might "give dolly a ride in a carriage." She lifted her to the ftoor, then stooped tu gather up the various papers that had been used to protect her pic ture. One of these was the New York Sun, and while she was folding it in an orderly manner, her v lance was attracted by the following head- lines ; A Perplexing Mystert— An Immense English oktune Likely to Lapse to the Crown for Want of an Heir. Then there followed an account ex plaining that an aged and wealthy baronet Sir Ne'l Roth wick, had recently died, leaving no heir. He had long been an invalid, and had lived alone, save for his servants and attendants, in his great castle in Derbyshire. It was reported that some thirty years ago, his only daughter ana child had eloped with a foreigner, where upon Sir Neil had discarded her, and had heard nothing from her since. Having left no will disposing of his estate, there was no one who appeared to claim the magnificent estate, although the baronet's solicitors, Temple and Hender son, of London, had advertised exten sively for the nearest of kin. Ruth was deeply interested, and not a little excited, as she read this account. "Sir Neil Rothwick must have been the ; sou of my great-grandfather, Sir Amos Rothwick," she murmured, thoughtfully, a bright spot of scarlet burning upon each cheek. " How strange that he should have no heir 1 How I wish that I might have even but a small Bhare of that great wealth to smooth my future and enable me to give Hope the best of advantages. Oh, dear I it is a strange world — it does not seem tight for the whole of that fortune to go to the Crown when there i3 Rothwick blood in my veins." Then she told herself -that she was foolish to become so excited over what she could not control, either one way or the other ; and so,- resolutely laying the paper aside, she gave Hope her supper, and .then put her to bed. Afterward, she, with . the help of her maid, hung her picture, and this, as it necessitated the moving of others in order to give it a place of honor, occupied her for some time, and it was 'eight o'clock before she was ready to ait down- for the evening. The moment her mind was at liberty she found herself thinking over' again the account she had read in the Sun, until she became very nervous and restless, a keen tense of disappointment and dissatisfac-' tit">n depressing her, even though she told hers H that she w&B;very foolish to be so" diaturf- She foL>fl< paper, and carefully re- read the ar,1"0- Then she went to a trunk that stood in h® chamber, brought forth the Rothwick relwa in" her possession, together with th book containing the Mcount of her motu ®f'B connection with the family, and peruse '.1111 tbe biab)ry her grandfather's bnb ,and ">l»tion- ?h'P to Sir Amos Rothw,.' wbin ahe believed to have also been t-® father o the late Sir Neil Rothwick. "My grandfather, Robert Alk>ntood,» Sir Neil were really half brotiier®» „ muaed, after completing the sWy ; not legally so, of course, but somehoV, 'eel sure that Sir Amos meant to make eme provision for thei poor girl whom he r' wronged, or he never would have sent herthiakey." . I '7 " She took it up, and examined it aB she «poke. ... 4 Oh, if you could only speak, and ®T.eal the secret you hold 1" she ex claimed, iu a wistful tone. " Apparently, are but a worthless bit of iron, and v®t you may be the key to untold treasure- ,jht could have become of that letter ? \- ' « iH all suoh a perplexing mystery. A Rothwick never forgiveB an injury until it is avenged,' ' she repeated, as ahe recalled the legend of the Rothwick coat- cf-arms, while she studied the rudely- carved thistle above two olive leaves. "I wonder if the discovery of the secret to which this is the key would, in any degree, avenge the wrong that Sir Amos Rothwick did my grandmother? What strange sentiments those old English de vices embodied ! Even if there is a trace of the Rothwick blood in my veins, I do not believe I inherit a desire for revenge ; for instance,- 1 do not believe that I would ever lift my hand against Inez Gordon in retaliation for the wrongs she' has done me. . Revenge is a degrading passion, and often recoils upon itself ; and, somehow, I feel that Inez Gordon may yet find it so io her sorrow. . 14 Ah 1 I am afraid I am growing mor bid over this mystery and my wrongs," she interposed, giving herself a little ahake. "I will put these . tantalizing, relics away, and .think no more -about them." Acting at once . upon this resolution, she returned them to her trunk, together with the paper containing' an. account of the search for a Rothwick heir, and then, after taking one more fond, -farewell look at her picture, retired to rest. » . . » A week subsequent to the above inci dents, Mrs Anthony Plympton, with her son and heir, her French maid and nurse, her horses, carriages, coachman and foot man, made her appearance in Saratoga, and wit h a great deal of style and flourish of trumpets, took possession of a fine suite of rooms at the Grand Union Hotel. Of course, as she was still in the first year of her widowhood, she did not at tempt to mingle much In the gay society of the hoase ; she was disoreetly respect ful to the memory of the late Anthony Plympton, over whose broad acres aind full coffers she was so fortunate as to preside. She attended no balls or f&tes; ; she joined no pleasnre parties abroad, neither did she attend the races ; nevertheless, she managed to arouse no small amount of interest and curiosity among the gay dwellers in fashionable Saratoga. Whenever she went ont, she was in variably attired in deepest monrning, but every garment was of the richest mate rial, and faultless fit and workmanship. At the hotel her costumes were chiefly white, without ribbon or ornament of any kind, bat so rich and stylish and so fas cinatingly becoming to her brilliant com plexion that she was the envy of half the women there. Master Anv.hony, on the contrary, was a most convenient appendage, and upon him she lavished evidences of her wealth to her heart's content. He made a conspicuous figure, aB, attired in the daintiest and costliest of everything suitable for a child of his age, he was wheeled about in his elegant car riage by his attentive nurse, and some times also accompanied by madame's smart French nlaid. Besides this, there were no finer horses or vehicles, no more costly harness or trappings to be seen upon the fashionable drives about the city. She had flourished thus at the Springs for about three weeks, when, one morn ing, aH she was returning from her habitual drive, her attention wa3 at tracted by a gentleman, mounted on a flue black horse, who was just riding out of the city. He was a striking-looking man, some what stout of figure, with a clear, olive skin, intensely black eyes and bair, and wore a moustache of the same hue. As they passed each other, simply ex changing a casual glance, the gentleman gave a violent start, then turned to look back, a curious gleam in his coal black eyes, a frown of perplexity contracting his brow. " Quicn sabe ? — who knows ?" he mut tered, revealing two rows of very white, even teeth as his lips curled in a singular smile. Turning his horse directly about, he followed Mrs Anthony Plympton's ele gant turn-out, at a discreet distance, back to the city, until he saw it stop, and the attractive widow alight before the Grand Union, whereupon be wheeled about again and rode rapidly away. That same evening the brilliant MrB Plympton, attired in one of her most be coming costumes, was seated upon the verandah of the hotel, conversing with a knot of gentlemen, who had gathered about— it was noticeable that ladies sel dom sought her society — when two otherB were seen approaching. " Ah, Mrs Plympton," the former gentleman smilingly remarked, as he paused before her; "you are holding high court as usual. Allow me to present another aspiring knight. Mrs Plympton — Senor Castillo." What was it that, at the sound of that name, made Inez Plympton catch her breath so suddenly and clench one white, Blender hand until the nails almost cut her palm ? What made her face lose all its bril liant cdoring, and a cold shiver, like a slimy reptile, go creeping down her back ? Had she heard the name aright— Senor Castillo ? " Ah, yes ; she knew who the man was, even as she glanced into his eyes, and saw there the mocking gleam which told her that he had needed no introduction to her in order to assure himself of her identity. But the proud woman of the world was barely an Instant recovering herself, and, with a graceful bow, a brilliant smile pro fessing that she was ' delighted to meet Senor Castillo." With infinite tact she entertained her half-dozen admirers, never allowing the conversation to flag for one moment. She had no desire to be left alone with the Spaniard; for she instinctively realised that he -had sought her with a purpose ; she hoped to keep her admirers about her until she Bhonld become wor ried, and pasB On. But she was- destined to be foiled in this purpose, however for it was evident that the senor had no intention of de serting the field. He appeared to be highly entertained by the charming widow, while he also proved himself to be especially bright and witty At repartee; and for half an hour the little coterie appeared to enjoy the brilliant fencing- to the utmost. Finally the band struck- up a spirited inarch, when Senor Castillo abruptly stepped forward and requested the plea sure of joining the promenade with Mrs Plympton.- She hesitated an instant, then, with a resolute gleam in her dark eyes, laid her hand upon his arm, and, bowing a smiling . adieu to the devotees she was deserting, moved slowly down the verandah.with the man. . CHAPTER XXVI. ' a- romance interests saratoga's fashionable society. «« I find my zenith doth depend upon A mOBt auspicious star, whose influence If now I court not, but omit, my fortunes ; Will ever after droop." " I flatter myself, Mrs Plympton, that this meeting is a happy coincidence, Senor Castillo blandly observed, as he led his companion away from the crowd. « A coincidence l" she repeated, in a I 1 5?? "orprise, and arching her beautl- I ful brows inquiringly. " Yes, senora, for your face is almost the counterpart of one that was once very dear to me," he responded, with an Im pressive sigh and an air of assumed melancholy. " Ah, indeed !" Inez returned, an un mistakable sneer curling the corners of her cruel mouth. " Yes, aonora— a face - that I once thought the most, .beautiful one in the world," "Senor Castillo 1b pleased, to be com plimentary," was the brief and slightly sarcastic reply. "Pardon ; not at all ; It is .no flattery to tell the senoia that she is beautiful, " the man affably rejoined ; and If I mis take not " — with a quiok, keen glance in to her face — "there is Spanish blood in her veinB as well as in mine." . "Yes 1" she indifferently observed, as if to say, " do you think so ?'' — \- " And one is naturally drawn toward one'B own countrywoman." " That is generally conceded to be true, I believe. Is it long' since you were- in Spain, Senor Castillo?" questioned Inez, thinking it about time to change the tenor of the conversation. " Ah, many years, senora," he returned, with a deep sigh ; " but always my heart has longed for sunny Spain— for dear old Madrid and the Bcenes of my ohildhood." " Madrid 1" repeated Inez, musingly, and with a slight tremor of her upper lip. "Madame has been in Madrid ?" ques tioned Senor Castillo, with a sly glance at the impenetrable face beside him. " Yes, I have travelled a great deal — I have been in Spain,'' she replied in definitely. " Is it long since madame was there ?" Inez drew herself erect, breathing hard. " Several years," she briefly and coldly answered. " Ha 1 ha 1" softly laughed her com panion, his white teeth gleaming between the sinister curves of his lips ; " it is twenty-five years since I saw old Madrid — -since I saw the face that was once so beautiful to me ; the face of — her name was Gertrude — — Ah 1 did yon speak, madame?" he suddenly interposed, as a stifled moan escaped her. "It is nothing," she said with an impatient gesture. " Ah, Gertrude was not a Spanish girl," the man resumed, his oyes still on her face ; " she was fair, with blue eyes and nut-brown hair ; but her features I oh, Benora, so like your own. She is dead, but —she left a little child — a girl ; her name was — Inez." " Yes, very well ; I know it— I under stand you. There is no further need of dissembling, Senor Castillo," Inez Plmyp- ton exclaimed, as she dropped his arm and turned, proudly confronting him. " Now what is it that you want of me ?" "Hal ha I and so madame compre hends at last ?" he returned, in a smooth, silky tone of triumph that made the woman's flesh creep auew. " Of course I comprehend— of course I knew you the moment your name was uttered in my presence," she retorted, irritably ; "but what do you want?" she imperatively demanded, with her face white as wax. " J want— you 1" " Me 1" Inez repeated, with a con temptuous toss of her haughty head, her lips curved with infinite scorn " That is a moderate demand, surely 1 Do you imagine for a moment that you will gain your point ?" "Nevertheless, I want you — I have come from America especially to search i for you " " But your object ?" she cried, with an angry- impatience. " Did you imagine that I would greet you with open arms ? — that I would fall upon your neck and cry, ' Here I am ; do with me as you will ?' If so yon are destined to be sadly disapponted. Ha ! ha 1 you little know the nature with which you have to deal. I acknowledge my Spanish blood — I warn you that it is every whit as hot aB your own ; and I tell you at the outBet I re pudiate you utterly." She had spoken passionately, fiercely ; and she emphasized the last word with a decided stamp of one white slippered foot that betrayed her deadly earnestness. Her companion's eyes gleamed like diamonds— as he listened to her, and bis thin lips were drawn tightly across his white teeth in a sinister smile that drove her nearly to distraction ; but bis voice was just as smooth and oily as before, as he said — "Ah, but my dear madame, I think you will qualify that statement when yon have heard a little story which I have to tell yon. I have it In my power to do you a great service—" " 1 do not need your service, Senor Castillo," haughtily interrupted Inez Plympton ; "I do not wish to hae anything whatever to do with you. I have wealth, position, beauty — three essentials that will give me the entree to any society ; therefore I can dispense with your service ; I can even dispense with your acquaintance," she conolnded, with a prond insolence that was exasperating beyond measure. > A hiss of rage escaped the man, and the Bound was like the warning hisB of a serpent. But, controlling himself with an effort, he softly responded— "Tut! tut 1 Madame's Spanish blood is getting the better. f her discretion. Come, we will reason together, my proud beauty. Let us go to yonder pavilion, were no one will interrupt. 1 will tell yon a secret ; then, if yon will choose to repudiate me, and repel my efforts to aid you, well and good ; Alfeo Castillo will go his way and lay no' farther claim to madame's consideration." - "Humph ! but if I should accept this service— what is your object ? What will you expect in return?" Inez demanded, sharply, and searching his face with her shrewd eyes. Again a sinister smile crossed the man's ljps and he laughed softly in a way that made her shiver, resolute as she was. " If I should prove to madame that she has need of my assistance, if my scheme should result as I have every reason to hope it will, sorely the servant would be worthy of his hire— he would expect to share in the glory of cbnqueat." ! His companion frowned and shrugged her shoulders impatiently. " You are very mysterious," she- irrit ably exclaimed. " Ha 1"— looking up with a great start, a light breaking over her face—" do you mean— Surely, you cannot mean that " She was breathless, panting with ex citement how, her tones expressive of an eagerness whioh Indicated that a sudden and gratifying revelation had come to her through hiB insinuations. _ " Come to the pavilion," the man repeated. " I will tell you my story ; then you shall judge for yourself whether It will be worth your while to make a friend of, or repudiate, Alfeo Castillo." It was evident that he had difficulty in controlling himself as he said this, for hiB face waB deathly pale, and he trembled visibly with suppressed passion. Inez made no farther objection; she allowed him to lead her to the small summer-honse, a glow of triumph and expectation on her face that made her wondenlly beautiful. They remained in the pavilion, in > earnest conversation., for upward of ah hoar, Senor Castillo speaking in low, cautious tones, his companion eagerly interrupting him now and then to ask some pertinent question ; and, once, a soft, rippling laugh of exultation escaped her, caaBing a pair of lovers who were pacing a walk outside to pause and listen again for itB liquid sweetness. When they finally emerged from the sammer-house, there was an unmistak able air of confidence between them, whioh betokened a mutual interest and good- fellowship ; while Inez Plympton bore herself with an air of pride that might have been assumed by one who had just been proclaimed an empress or qneen. v " Yob," she remarked, as she took Senor Castillo's arm to return to the hotel, " if you accomplish this for me, you may ask what you will, and I will "not refuse you." "Anal senora I what I will 1 That might mean a great deal," Baid the man, as he bent to look with eager eyes into the flashed face beBide him. "Oh, well," she answered; "I mean anything in reason." "And who is to be the judge of what is reasonable?" he Inquired, with a light langh. _ "If you please, we will not diacuBB that question at present," Inez haughtily responded. "Yon can rest assured, however, that if your success la what you have undertaken; I shall reward you in no niggardly manner." " But if I should fail," the senor added — " mind, I have not the slightest fear of failure; but, if anything unforeseen should happen to thwart me, yon woidd certainly feel that my efforts merited some reward ?" " " I don't know about that," his com panion coldly returned. " I supply the money for you to work with— you give your time and effort ; I think, in the venture of failure, we would be quits." "But you are so rich, while I have barely enough to enable, me' to exist," l pleaded the man, in a wheedling tone. " I am sure I owe you nothing for my present prosperity," Inez spiritedly re torted, and with a tone of bitter scorn in her tone. Senor Castillo winced as if Bhe had struck him, and again a hiss of rage escaped him, while hiB eyeB blazed with a lurid fire. "Madame should choose her -words with more care," he muttered warningly. She laughed mockingly, and tossed her ' head with a air of haughty defiance. " There are some truthB that sound more pertinent than agreeable In the tell: ing," she insolently retorted. " Have a care 1" he hoarsely whispered. She stopped in'the path, and confronted him. " Do you think I fear yon ?" she cried, with a look and bearing that made him shrink involuntarily, in spite of his' Spanish blood, although the corners of his mouth curled, showing his teeth, like the snarl of an angry dog. " I do not know what it is to fear a single hnman being : and if you imagine that I will concede anything in connection'with you, you will find yourself greatly mistaken. But for what you have just told me .1 would not spend my breath to exchange a single sentence with you. Do you think I could ever forget the past, under any eircumatances ? Yet, you have excited my ambition— and one will do a good deal to achieve fame, wealth, power— so if you win what you have promised, I will do great things for you ; but if yon fail " She did not complete her sentence, but the look which she flashed at him, with those last words, was far more expressive thau language. "Very well," he sullenly responded.. "I will endeavor to win the 'great things ' for yon. There is no 'such word as 'fail in this case, so let us at least' preserve the Bemblance of friendliness nntil I have placed the treasure within your grasp." " Very well," said Inez, after a moment of thought, and moderating her tone, " let it be so." They returned to the verandah, and, seeking a retired spot, continued their conversation for some time longer. When the interesting widow finally rose to retire, it was remarked, by a number of observing visitors, that Senor Castillo accompanied her to the foot of the stairs, in the spacions entrance hall, where he took leave of her with great empresse- ment, whereupon the observers began to look wIbo and prophetic. Every day after that, the Spaniard was her devoted attendant npon all possible occasions. He had managed to secure a seat directly opposite her at the table, where he made himself so attentive and agree able that Inez gradually unbent much of her proud reserve toward him. Senor Castillo maneuvred very skil fully, gaining ground little by little, nntil It finally became a matter of coarse that he should walk, drive and promenade regularly with her ; thus Mrs Grundy began to wag her tongue and predict an engagement before the close of the season, and, perhaps, an early marriage. Why not? It waB evident that there was Spanish blood in the veins of hoth — although nothing was known of Mrs Plympton's antecedents — and " blood being thicker than water," it was the moBt natural thing in the world that they should be attracted to each other. To be sure the gentleman was much older than the fascinating widow, but he was certainly very dietmgue, and more vigorous and vivacious thau many a young man. Besides, madame's first husband, had been old enongh to have been her father, and it was evident that she had a prefer ence for maturity rather than youth. She would be a great catch for the Benor, however, although no one : knew his circumstances ; he might be some Spanish grandee travelling incognito ; he certainly looked it, if manners and bear ing counted for anything. But Mrs Anthony Plympton's wealth was a certified faot — everybody waB aware that her husband had left an immense, fortune, of whioh she was to have un-' limited control during the minority of her son. ' It had been also observed that, since making the acquaintance of Senor Cas tillo, she seemed to. have bloomed out more brilliantly ; there' was ' a brighter glow on her cheek, a more dazzling light in her dusky eyeB, her lips were oftener wreathed with smiles, and her manner characterised by a prond and exultant .air that seemed to proclaim bright antici pation. When her stay at the Springs was over, and she returned to her palatial home on the Hudson, Senor Castillo also disap peared, and the romantic episode of the summer, like many another, became an affair of the past, and was forgotten by society, excepting, perhaps, a few disap pointed fortune-hunters, who had secretly aspired to win the brilliant widow'sfavor and the management of her handsome bank account. Yes, forgotten by all but the principals of the so- called romance, who were destined to meet again in the near future under peouliar and Intensely Interesting eiroumstanceB. To be Continued. He who has less than he deslres may be qnite sure that he hasjmore thanjie j deserves. . 