FARNDALE'S HEIR. CHAPTER V. But it was not always between the two. Tlioro were times when Herman would talk , seriously and gravely- — happy hours between the lights, when lie would tell her of his early life aiid his struggles with i poverty, 'of tho '.art he loved so passionately, and of the future which was to bring* increased fame.' Joan would listen with Unshod cheeks and dilated eyes and a heart. Heating in ported sympatny witn ins OlVIl. : ' Would you liko to be a country squire like uucle James — as Guy will be one day ?' she asked Herman one aftor lioou. . It, was. a cold- drizzling day. Guy and'Milly had drivon into the neighbor ing town to witness-a football match, but Herman had declined to accompany ? them. . Joan too had remained at home. and they woro idling away tho hour before dinner. . Herman gave his favorite little, shrug in reply to the question. ' L think, on the whole, I would rather, be a sea-anemone or a jelly-fish.' lie said deliberately, but with a flash of fan in his bright eyes. 'Is it one of lvingsley's charactors who defines as his ideal of perfect happiness the life of an oyster in the Indian seas? There it lies, drinking in the warm water, motion less, and troubling itself about nothing, as nothing is troubled about it. But of course, ' Joan smiled, while Herman went 011, ' I am not capable of judging— -I have had so little experience. Yet 1 do think' 'that .country life must grow fear fully and wonderfully' monotonous after one has lost tho pure animal sense of enjoyment which belongs exclusively to very young peoplo, and which makes tlie mere fact of existence a pleasure. Young people like yon no doubt enjoy everything ; but, when one gets to my time of life' — and Herman laughed and curled. up' his moustache — 'one wants 'something different.' ?'So you would not care to change places' with Guy 7' ' I think not. I'd much rather be the oyster, I fancy. It really has the . best of it — no poachers, no ganio laws, no troubles whatever to disturb the oven tenor of its life — nothing to do but to . exist and be happy. It is a very jolly-lifo when you come to think of it.' Ho leaned forward in his chair and looked comically at Joan. She smiled too, but gravely. ? 'It is a little monotonous here, I admit; but , still it is a : pleasant life enough,' she said.. ' To you, no doubt. I am different, I'm afraid. I am not to tlie manner born, .yon see.-. I don't take any interest in either fox-hunting or farming, or fat oxen or turnips,' Herman answered 'i meditatively. 'And, if I were ' settled here Tor the remainder of my existence, 1 fancy I should be very - much bored — very weary of myself and my life. Probably' — and lie paused and looked at Joan ? with a whimsical smile — f I should take to drink as a distraction.' , ?'.! am so: sorry !' Joan answered, amused and disappointed at once. ('I fancied that you had enjoyed your visit here — that1 yon liked- Farndiile. How mistaken 1 have been 1' ; 'Not at all ! I have enjoyed my visit immensely. . I. never ' enjoyed a holiday so much in my life ; and I tliink Fnrndale is a most charming old place,' Herman rejoined quickly. 'This is your first visit, I suppose?' ' My first visit? 'Certainly Why do you ask in that sceptical tone 7' ' Only because you seem so much at home here. Our winding staircases and tortuous- passages generally puzzle strangers at first,' said Joan coldly ; ' but you ? ' ' Oil, that is easily explained !' Herman put in carelessly. ' My father spent much of liis time here when he was a vonng -man, and he has often described Farndale to me. I dare say, , if you knew the full extent of my know ledge. you would be rather surprised.' ' Should I ?' - * Joan looked supremely indifferent, and Herman gazed at her with an odd smile. ??I think so. I fancy L know as much of the traditions and secrets of Farndale as any of you — more perhaps,' he said lightly. ' Come — try uic ! Shall I relate the story of Lady Anne's bugle, or, better still' — and lie hesitated, then laughed — !'? show you the door of the secret chamber and the spring .'which opens it ?'' Joan drew a-; deep breath of mingled amazement and incredulity. 'That is impossible ! The secret was lost years ago,' she said slowly. 'It was iicvor kuoivn except to the head of tho house, and sometimes to the next heir ; and, as the last owner died sud denly'abroail, tho secret . died with liim. Not even my -uncle knows it now.' 'Shall I show you the door ?' ' If you can !' Joan smiled in calm incredulity. ' Come, then !' Herman rose quickly : nnd walked straight across tho 'hull to '.(lie --small -staircase which led lo the ' rooms in the older part of the house. '? ' What' — as Joan hesitated — 'you are ' not afraid, surely ?'' 'I v Afraid !' Joan threw back her head ' anil returned his amused and mocking; ' glance steadily. ' Afraid of what ?' 'Exactly — of 'what 7 I'm sure 1 s don't-know. Of tho ghosts which 'haunt 11 the room perhaps.' I leruiaii answered ' lfghtly. ' Come aloir^, then !' ' He leil the way up the staircase, & .through a long passage, and up another ^ winding stair, till he paused bi'fo;u the '' riioin where the ontniiieo to tlm seeivt ' chamber was supposed to lie. Joan had ' not been in that room for years ; but Guy and she, as children, had often felt '' a trembling pleasure when creeping into it in the twilight and speculating wliero ' file hidden door might ' be. . 11 It was a small room and unfurnished. '' The panelled walls .wei-o painteii with iiiany an odd device, aud it had an oval 31 window looking across tho park. Joan smiled as she glanced at one panol which l' bore a representation uf Yenus rising 11 from the sen. lt This is wliero wo always imagined tho door to bo,' she said, looking at Herman questioningly. Herman shook his head. '? Quito wrong ! It is here, if I remomber rightly,' he said quickly. He loft Joan's side as ho spoke, and, cross ing the room, ran his fingers carefully up and down tho wall in one corner. ' Yos— the spring, is -bore, behind this cluster of vino-leaves,' lie went'on ; and then, to Joan's utter, and complete snr prisa, the panel divided, the lower half slid dowu into the floor, and the secret of tho hidden room was a secret no longer. ' Como and look!' Herman said; and Joan, still speechless, crept across tho room to his sido and gazed ovor his shoulder into tho tiny room, scarcely four feet square, ' whore many a hunted fugitive sought and found shelter in FntnMnil J... ' ' Joan put her hand suddenly on Her man's arm and looked with questioning eyes into his face. ' Who told you . that 7' she cried. ?? How is it 'that yon, a stranger here, know more: of our secrets than we our selves 7' Herman shrugged his shoulders. 'My father-told mb; How ho know I cannot tell any more than you,' he answered, with the tones of unmistak able truth in his voice. ' As I said, ho was often here -as a buy, and must have learned it then.' ' Is ho livinsr now ?' 'No — Iio died more than a year ago.' Herman's face darkened. Ho hesitated for an instant, and an unpleasant smile crossed and quite altered his genial face! ' Wo .are told, you know, Miss Dong las, that tlio sins of the fathers arc visited upon the childron. I have had to suffer for my father's sins bitterly enough, I can assure yon— so bitterly that I hate sometimes the very name I bear !' There was a suppressed passion in the man's -voice which startled Joan. She looked up at his dark- angry face with a sudden pity and sympathy. It sent an infinite' gentleness into her own voice, and an inexpressible sweetness into her eyes as she answered— ' Of what you speak I can of course know nothing. You and yours are alike strangers to nie. But 0110 thing I do know — that the shame and degrada tion must ? indeed be great if they can stilly a name which is already so highly honored as yours. ' I will remomber that! To the last day of my life I will- remember that, ! nnd that you said it !' Herman's eyes flashed -with a sudden .passionate light. H6 sprang forward and raised Joan's hand to his lips in 1 his impulsive foreign way, while a bril liant gleam of the .sunset, coming through the .narrow window, lit up the girl's:: serious face and brightened her waving hair into a radiant golden tint. Her hand still lay in .his tight clasp ; she felt powerless to withdraw it or to turn away from his piercing gaze. He seemed . to rond the very secrets of her heart. Why did it beat so wildly, . she wondered vaguely 7 What was the meaning of the strange feeling — half pain, half ecstasy— which sent the color rushing into her face, which agitated and troubled her as she had never in tho whole course ? of her placid existence been troubled before ??'« Joan could not tell. But,- as she stood there in the twilight, hand in hand with. Herman, in that one solemn moment heart had spoken to heart ; a glimpse- of another life, .more beautiful .and more satisfying than any that she had ever dreamed of, rose before her and told her what might have been. And then, as she stood there, powerless to speak or move, Her man took her in his arms and kissed her. 'Love, will you be my wife? Will you share that name ?'' lie said. ' For a moment Joan was silent. She was trembling from head to foot with the sudden delight, the passionate exul tation, which that kiss had awakoned in her soul. Through the _open window familiar sounds and voices iu the court yard below camednlly to her oars. The stamping of horses' feet, the rough voices of the grooms, a robin's twitter ing note — all seemed to belong lo some ?far-off past which had gone for ever and with which she had nothing in common. So she stood, t.-eiiibliiig, aud looking so divinely sweet with her flushed cheeks and softened eyes that Herman's heart beat with delight and triumph. And then jill at once Guy's shrill whistle ringing through the hall and up the staircase fell 011 her ears and brought her back to ? the realities of life. She pulled her hands from Herman's with a low cry of self-reproach and shame. ' Oil, how can I 7 Have you forgot ten 1 I have promised Guy .'''she cried. ' Guy ! Bah ; A boy-aiul- girl pro mise made when you were both too young to know your own. tninds !' Her man answered. ' A promise made only six months ago. We were not, so very much younger,' said Joan coldly. : 1 ? Herman frowned. ' Better a broken promise than ' a ruined life,' lie rejoined quickly — ' better a few heartaches now than a life-long repentance hereafter !' '? I never broke a promise in my life —oil, liow could I; now, and one so sacred as that 7' Joan ; Cried, with tears jlinding ? lier. ?' Aiid to Guy of all leople ! Oh, don't ask me— don't ;ompt nie? Anything . . more' ; than riendship between 115 'is impossible !' ? ? = 9 Tliii.'d io .,r- en silt rord !' Herman throw back his head ind laughed confidently. ?? Joan, tell ne'— with gentle force he took the liilteriiig hands' in his own strong fin-' ;ers and looked down at the averted ace — 'is that the only barrier between s— that pale ghost of a promise'? If hail come earlier, would the answer ave been a dilfi'i-ent ono? Joan raised her head and, for answer, Hiked straight into his face. There was no need for speech. The ords which would have been treachery ) Gny remained unspoken, but that one 10k told '.'Merman all he wished to know, le released her hands with a confident nile. 'I havo never yet failed to ga'11 any ling which I set my heart on winning,' 3 said deliberately. ' And I am in no irry now — I can bide my time.' TO UE CONTINUED, | 