Catholic Notes. By a decree of the 5th of July last, says the "Catholic Times," the Holy Office prohibits supariQrs of whatever degree in religious communities, seminaries, and colleges in Rome fro in he nr. ing the confessions of the subjects or students living with them, except in cases of necessity. A wise rv<le, n-hidi will no doubt he adopted in many places besides Rome. The EnglisK pilgrims were received o;i ' Monday, October 23, by the Pope, whose speech in Italian was read by Monsigrior Merry del Val. In the course of his address his Holiness paid a warm tribute to love of English Catholics for the A.postolic See and the religious traditions of Catholic Ireland. Peter Lombard, in "The Church Times." thus describes Mr. Taylor's set of Bibles exhihited at the Art Exhibition, held in connection with the Church Congress:—After a Latin edition, the first printed in this countrv (1478), and, of course, in Latin, he shows Matthew's Bug Bible," because in Ps. xxi. it reads (Coverdale's) known sometimes as "'the "Thou shalt not fear eny bucpe by night." The word is the same as the slang word "bogey," and as "bogle"— i.e., ghost or s-rite. The same edition has "Treacle'* for balm in Jer. viii., 22, and "brain-pan" for skull in Judges ix.. 53. The Geneva Bible (l fi 60) is wellknown as the "Breeches" Bible. It was by far the most popular in the Reformation period; the common people preferred it long after the publication of our Authorised Version. There is a comr of tho first edition of the lastnamed. published in 1611. It contains a painful misprint, "Judas" for "Jesus"" in Matt, xxvi., 36. The "He".Bible (1612), from "he" for "she" in Ruth iii., lo- The "Independents' " Bible is bo called because it changed "we" into "ye" in tho last clause of Acts vi., 3. The "Vinegar" Bible has the misnrint of the figtree planted in tie vinegar in Luke xx. It is beautifully printed by'.Baskett, but has so many misprints that it waB popu- , r_i - ' r Ai.i (rRocWfiill nf er- , "standing fisEes" instead of "standing s" (Eiek. xlviii, 10); "hate his wife'' instead of "life" (Luke xiv. 26); f'helpoth his appointed'* . instead of "anointed."'. and some ' otherb.—"Tablet."-' . '* ' • •>•! - Monsignor Capel, the wonderful preacher of the sixties: and seventies, who has • so long been absent from Eng. land, is still residing in California, 