TIIE BEKDIGO ADVERTISER (rUBLISIIED DAILY.) PROGRESSION, OCR EIGHTS AND OCR BUSOCliCE BEXD1G0, SATURDA Y, DEO. S3,, 1899. THE LOInG VACATION. THIS week has seen onr schools in; .the throes of the annual epidemic of speech day. With the an vent of the Christmas seasnn, children and parents are alike upon the qui-vive, and now clothes and white frocks arc abundantly in evidence. Before youthful eyes I hero float happy visions of crowded halls n».d armloads of prizes, set oil' by a wide expanse of holidays in the back ground and a possible visit to the seaside. The sober parents are perhaps not so liable to fall into ecstasies at the prospects before them. To do them justice,"they enter into the triumphs of their children with great enjoyment. As the successful competitors mount in turn the dais and receive the rewards of their merit, strongly es cited mothers nnd fathers may be perceived try ing vainly to look unconscious of the fact that one of their own ofl' vciv moment the " eyno=ure of all eyes." J And the pride thi-y tike in their eon's or j daughter's achievements is lifter a'l very natural. But if by clnucs any paterfamilias j cists his mind beyond the prer.eiit, !.:s> | mental equanimity may be p-mu'whul «j.<\- | t-;r'--. ,i ; ;? 'hr A vi:-;.-., i.. I..;,; j tie dim distance, of the «l»ys wlsrij a'l the j c-iih'u-n r.hM'i l>? a: home, irca from the , consliaiut of fcbcol and 2»'rbfti>a j strikes his fancy as not altogether pleasant. The noise and chatter of children becomes wearisome at times, even to the fondest and most indulgent mother, and long before the Christmas holidays are over many heads of households .ire sighing for the end. Yet in face ef all this there is now a proposal, I which it is to bo hoped will be carried into effect on the part of the secondary schools in Bendigo, to lengtheu the vacation. Simply stated, the intention is to work up as near to Christmas as possible, when the really hot weather usually begins, and to keep the schools closed until the 1st of March, when the most trying time cf the year will be gone. In order to provide for the same number of working days in the school year as before, the holidays at Sister and Mid winter are to bo pioportionately curtailed, and the work will be carried on almost un interruptedly from March till December, throughout months when ihe weather is most favorable for the prosecution of study. Precisely the same amount of holiday will be given in tlis future as in the past. The only change made is that (he holidays will be shifted to a time v.-hen they are most needed by the pupils, and can best be spared. And the reasons w'.ich have led tlie principals of schools' to initiate this reform, and the parents and guardians of scholars to accept it, appear to us very sound. Since the proposition was first mooted, it has been submitted individually to the parents of every pupil at our chief secondary schools, and the response has been practically unanimous in favor or its adop tion. Nearly 95 per cent, give in their adhesion to the new schcmc, and the re maining 5 per cent, was entirely n;:ide up those who did not; answer at all. For it was pointed out to those who were directly interested in the matter that during the hottest months of the summer -and in this district these are January and February the children are quite unfitted for doing any study cf a laborious or methodical kind. Only those who have taught or been taught in a schoolroom on a warm afternoon in February can fully appreciate the diffi culties which teachers and pupils alike en counter on such an occasion. Lethargy per vades the atmosphere, languorand inattention take the place of briskness and interest. The whole surrounding is such as is neither healvhful for the body nor stimulating for the mind. Instructors are well aware that work accomplished under conditions like these is practically valueless. It is not too much to say that more real solid progress is made in a week of winter weather than cm be overtaken in a month of hot days. The Education department a few years ago, re cognising the unwisdom of compelling chil- j dren to swelter over their books in ill-venti- j luted class-rooms on tropical day?, p-is=cd a regulation that school was to be discontinued when the thermometer reached 90 degree?, j and for several summers this rule was adhered to with good effect. But either it was abused, or. the'authorities changed their j views. At all events, the rule was annulled, and the old evil system again prevails. That, j however, in no way forbids the experiment being made a second time in a new sphere and by another method. The schoolswhich" arc prepared to test public opinion in regard to the change stand in a somewhat different i category to State schools. Their work is of a higher character, and involves a greater demand on the powers of the student. Practically their course of study resolves it self into a preparation for the University, or ?whatisequivalenttothat. And if they find that by condensing their programme into a session i of ten months they can cover wore ground, and cover it more thoroughly than under the present fashion, they are justified in aiming at reform. It has become a habit with those citizens of Bendigo who send their families to the seaside or the country to defer their departure til! after the be ginning of the new year, with the idea- a very sensible one, no doubt-of escaping as much of the heat as the length of their holidays will allow. "When the business man is forced to return to town, he very frequently leaves his wife and children behind him, the result being that the latter do not make their appearance at school much before Easter. If this tendency is puisued to any considerable" extent--and it is in Bendigo-a large amount of disorganisation must inevitably ensue. Classes cannot start with their full numbers, newcomers dropping in at odd intervals disturb the discipline and routine, and the general advance is greatly hindered. Absence during the first quarter means to many the loss of proper teaching in tha elements of such subjects as Latin, French, Euclid, A%>bra and others where a careful grounding iaof the first importance. And the effect c,\ the pupil of being left be hind by his cla-js-mates is very deleterious. He, either loses heart altogether,' and ceascs to try, or he makes a violent effort to digest a large mass of information in a short time -an attempt which usually ends in failure. With the vacation extended to March, there will certainly be no excuse for parents further withholding their children from school, and only those suffering from illness should be absent. The plan is in every way ' worth a trial. If it does not suit, the old system can again be reverted to. EIGHT PAGES.-This morning's issue con sists of eight pages. | I The CHRISTMAS NUMEEI: OK "Tin: BUXDIGO nian."-The pictorial display in this issue of "The Beudigoniau" is a very fine one. The | visit of the new military commandant to Ben digo is responsible for a series of pictures in connection therewith. The champion shots of the cadets-the two Echuca teams-are given in groups. There are also several views of the Austral Wheel Race and the three placed men. A series of tableau studies of children liv Mr. R. W. Bugg, of Bartlett Bros., make very pretty pictures. To the usual budget of read ing matter is added a specially illustrated short Christmas story. As customary a pretty and unique calendar is given away with the issue. DAMAGING STREET TREKS. - Yesterday, Sergeant Kilfeder proceeded against a little boy named Harry Watts for cutting and damaging 16 street trees in Barnard-street. I The evidence of W. Griffiths, street tree j curator, Constable Moncrieff and a little boy named Adams, went to show that young Watts stripped bark from the butts of -ail the trees for fire lighting purposes. Sergeant Kilfeder remarked that the damaging of the street trees was becoming a serious matter, and would have to be put down. The bench fiucd the defendant 10/, with 4/ costs, the chairman remarking tha1- the line would have been 'much more severe had it not been for the extreme youth of the defendant. INFANT liii'E PROTECTION ACT.-At the City Police Court yesterday .Senior-constable Gawley proceeded against a woman named Mary Anne Willis for taking charge of i child for a. pecuniary consideration wifhout being a registered nurse It will be remembered that, about a fortnight ago an infant died while under the cr.ro of the "defendant at Long Gully. Mr. Roberts, tor the defence, said that the woman was a thoroughly re spectable resident of.the city, and a member of the Salvation Army. Being in poor cir cumstances. .die had taken chaige of ihc child, but it was to be remembered that the inquest did not leveal the i-ligliti-st neglect or misconduct of any. suit. She. knew she should be registered, and spoke to Sergeant Kilfeder upon the subject, and he advised to get a recommendation from some clergyman. She accordingly went to "TSnsign" M'Lcod and procured the recommendation, and then 'entrusted a iriend to renew her application. The friend had tailed to do it, and hence the trouble. . If .the woman, wore fined it might debar her from being registered --'."{] l he. would ask: the. police '.vjidoryi^K^irt)Spas-~| stances to withdraw the cha-ras.'^J^iViiisfwi^ tor Hehir pointed out that lie ira- I noF.iiblo fcr him to withdrfw. / YytFM i had another child in h-r-r 1]M=?:V5 w rr>' (he inquest upon the first wi?a&-3. held. .Mr. j liobeils admitted that suea%^Sv^}K+ but pointed out that she oyly <.f the s'.eond une fur a month. inspector could not withdraw, of course he i would plead r;;:iltv. The bench lined the aecu-.'-rn:-/. SroiiEX Dr vrrr.-Yesterday an elderly man named Asir'mv expired .nv.-ewheV ?aahi'.-nlv at ilia residence, Cr;::--»e. lie we.; I only taken had ,n the day. 11:,? ' r'e( rased was '"ell-kainvn no the Kane.| cab." ])r. .r.rae.-. who atu-.uksi aira when j death' as heart ti: :-e^' The decea? ell' Kmw.; ! a wid'iv.', but no family. ' A Burxing TELEGRAPH POST.-About 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon the ;ire alarm near tlie Garden Gully mine was broken, but as the watchman in-the tower could not see any reflection, the bell was not rung. The brigade, on proceeding to the scene, found ?that a telegraph post at the intersection of Don-street and Mt. Korong rosvl was burn ing at a height of several ic-et from the I ground. Water bail to be played on to ilio burning iiost before, the flames were extin guished. At a quart-er- past 5 o'clock a second call was received from the same alarm, and this time the fire bell was rung The brigade again turned out, and, singular ly nougli, found tlie same telegraph post on lire near the ground. The origin ot the fires is not known, but the supposition is that they were caused by sparks from the. passing train motors. Tkkating THE Oli> FOLKS. A tea meet ii»rr and cut^ilainuiciifr wore lonciorcd to the old folks connected with the Church of Eng land mission at the Jronbavk Chinese C'amp as a Christina3, treat on Thursday night. Tlie tea was laid out at tlio residence of Mr. T. Shi Vying, over 30 Chinese attending. Afterwards an entertainment was held in tiia church, at which Sir. A. Coon presided. Mr. Lee Wall delivered an address, and solos, etc.. were rendered by members of the mission. At the conclusion of the meeting the old folks heartily thanked the iriiiato-'s of the movement for affording them siuji a pleasant evening. CITY Cootcil.-There was no meeting of the committee of the council yesterday. Alleged Tur.fT or A WATCII.-A woman named Annij Wright was brought, before the city bench yesterday charged with the larceny of a watch and chain, the property of Ak Lip. Sub-inspector Hehir prosecutcd on be half of the police, and Mr. Roberts defended the accused. Al; Lip stated that he was in a Chines.; cock shop in Bridge-street with a woman named Bessie Hughes, when the ac cused came in. Later on Bessie Hughes went out, and V,'right, then put her arms around him. a.ud about. 1 ?) minnlc-s aftcr v." a rein lie missed the watch. Bessie Hughes was then called to give evidence, but failed to appear. Constable Mulfahcy detailed the circumstances under which the arrest was cflectcd. The accused denied having taken the watch, and lie searched her at the watch house, but failed to find it. After the. ac cused was- sworn and gave evidence in her civil defence, she was discharged. CITY Pooi: BOX.-Sergeant Kilfeder de sires to acknowledge with thanks the receipt of the following donations in aid of the poor box fund:-Messrs. Quick and I-Iyett, .£2/2/; Bendigo Slock Exchange, .£2; Messrs. S. and D. B. Lazarus, £1/1/ each (per "The Ben digo Advertiser); Hunter Bros., ,£1/1/; Mrs. Magnus Colin, /]/: Mr. G. J. Guthrie, .£] ; Mr. J. R. Richardson, 4/. A communication Las beeu received from the W.C.T.U., stating that it was understood by the members of that body that the recipients of the money disbursed in connection with the Christmas holidays spend their allowance in beer, ar.d it was suggested that the sergeant and town ilerk (Mr. Honeybone), who have charge of the distribution of the fund, shall give stores in place of money. The idea, no doubt, is a good one, but the officers consider that it cannot be carried out very well under exist ing circumstances. Huktj.Y WATEI: Suitlt.-A correspondent at Hrmtly ?writes.:-"Comjslaiuts are again rife about the inadequate water supply available for domestic*., purposes. Although the Government is atteiative in collecting the water rates, it docs not seam to be par ticular, in supplying sufficient water, "as these complaints arc made year after year. At Lower Huntly no water can be got- be tween 7 a.m. and 11 o'clock at. night, and wliea ii- is available, it is only a 'dribble.' Yet we are compelled to pay, or if wo refuse we may-be dragged up on a County Court sum mons.'1 Music in ROSALIND Pahk.-Arrangements have bc-en made for the first "of the series "of open-air concerts, to be given by the Bendigo City Brass Band and the Hopetouu Band in Rosalind Park during the summer months, taking placc in the reserve next Wednesday evening, when the former body, under' the condnctorsliip of the veteran bandmaster, Mr. Jas. Norlheo'.t, will occupy the rctuiula. The programme is particularly appropriate to the season of the year, and includes Christmas carols, while in view of the fact that there will be a number of visiters in the . city representing various nationalities, a fan tasia embodying^ different national airs and marchcs will be given. BENDIGO HOSPITAL Flte.-The matron. Miss Hilda Burn, desires to return her hearty thanks to the. ladies, gentlemen and busi ness firms who so liberally contributed to the success of the late fete. The amount realised by subscription and gate money will accom plish the objcct. An audited balance-sheet will be published in a few days. CHRISTHAS COXCEP.T.-At the Forest-street Wesleyan Sehoolhall on Christmas Night a trained choir will 2-endcr Christmas carols and a' special programme [of musical and elocutionary items. Charles Dickens's cele brated Christmas carol, otherwise entitled "Marley's Ghost," will be given, and will be illustrated by limelight views. The proceeds are to be devoted to the school funds. Tiir. Dangers or Trgk-Climbixo. - On Thursday evening a boy named Trehair, 10 J ears of age, who lives with his parents in Casley-streer., Long Gully, met with a serioua accident while climbing a tree in the vicieity. He had aseended to a height of 30ft. v.-he ti he I missed his fioting and fell heavily to the ground. As it was evident that he was some what seriously hurt Dr. Atkinson was sent for, and upon the doctor examining liie lad he' found that he had sustained concussion of the brain. At a late hour last evening he was pro gressing favorably. IIor.s;-:s fok THE Tkaxsvaal.-Messrs. Thos. Morrow and Co. have arranged for an inspection of troop horses suitable for the war in the Transvaal. Those who have horses for disposal which they consider suit able are invited to bring them to Mr. M. Kelly's Arcade yards on Wednesday ne:;t, so I that they may be reviewed by the Govern ment inspector at 10 a.m. on that day. THE iUAMBEST VBEKZFIT.-It will "be re moiiibered that some few weeks ago the mem bers of the Golden-square Fire Brigade gave a concert on behalf of Mrs. Lambert, of High-street, and her family. Last evening a final meeting of the committee was held, when the secretary submitted a balance sheet, which showed that the total receipts amounted to ,£29/1/6. and the expenses .to; 4/0, leaving the satisfactory sum of £'2-1 to hand to the widow. The members of the bri gade and Messrs. E. J. 'Walsh, J. J. Thomas secretary), and W. Dennis, who worked hard o make the benefit a success, are to be con gratulated on the result of their effort,-'. Bkeaiukg FIEE Alarms.-Mr. J.Walker, secretary of the Bendigo Fire Brigade, lias received a communication from the Coun try Fire Brigades' Board, to the effect that the reward of .£2/2/, offered by the brigade, for the conviction of those smashing fire alarms, had been supplemented by .£3/3/" from the board. CITY POLICE COUHT.-Messrs. T. Morrow (chairman), and D. B. Lazarus, J.P., pre sided yesterday. W. Wanliss, charged with as saulting W. J. Pate, was discharged upon giv ing an assurance that lie would not interfere Vith complainant in the future. Constable Monericft' proceeded against a number of pa_re:its for failing to have their children vaccinated, and in each case a fine Gf wuh Gd costs was inflicted. A number of debt and other cases, referred to elsewhere, having been dealt with, the .court adjourned. Boa Fating DOG.-"Robert Moncrieff against James Kelly," called out the. cricr at the City Court yesterday, and in response, tho biggest man in the Victorian police, stepped up on the defendant's side. "You are charged with failing to have your chil l vaccinated," remarked the crier, to which Constable Kelly replied "Guilty." Fined 10/," said the chairman, and tl:e constable paid the money without even going through the now generally recognised formality of asking for time. HAYMATIKET HOLIDAY A itrakcem>:xts.-At a meeting of hay agents and others held yes terday afternoon it was decided to cease business this evening, and resume on Thurs day morning- next. No agent will sell any hay which comes on to tlie market during that time. Lixtuhes in THE MASONIC HALT.-Yester day Mrs. Slattery and ex-Priest Slattery con tinued their lectures in the S lasonic Hall.' BENDIGO Or.ciiusTit.Ai. SOCIETY.-In our advertising columns will be found particulars of - the LS?ndigo Orchestral Society's pro gramme for Christmas night.' It "will be seen that the society had secured 'an excep tional combination of artists. Miss Yida Itogrrs, who has beeu studying at tho Con servatorimu under Madame Weisermann, is | to render -special numbers selected bv her. Jler appearance should be greatly appreciat ed. MihVi .Tcse Scott, who is fast becoming ?mooted violinist?, and. who sccnred the coily Jttsfcspiro for Bendigo at the recent Ballnral ?XynpKiiioii. will be heard in that most dif yiic;i'ut..!\>lo, "Souvenir do Havdn." Miss Bol ion'^ v-'Jio possesses a. flexible soprano voice, wjjrrjfiuler, - "Hoar Ye, Israel." * Th o con rfel'^- solos, "O Dividine Redeemer" and i^^iirie with Me." by Miss C. Rogers, for "whoa, critics prediit a great future, should be acceptable items. Mr. R. Rule's selec tion "God Breaheth the which is fjuite will be an exceptional inntl.-vr. Students of yood music should n >'.- orrs tho opportunity of liearing this jrpir-U-d coiisr.x; ti'. .!. The papular aria. "It i-s I">H.ut'l;."\vi!l be five:! i.y Mr. H. M. Biekrrto::, 'who has aheatly eslahlv-hed a tor.j'.aU r..-; a ve:< li'-l oi-.-i ::-:a' imwie. irlera.M vUl la e. in 1 i'.e api.ear: ar:- i-.,' iho 'Mi--...f.~ V. a"::! .1. \v!i... with 1!:;- abev;* ur-.wd all,'. ?????:. v.:!l v; : i:th,- n-v f.oaov.s t,- il i;a-, "ii -d i-. a Sy-i- ii" a ad ?>; (l e:' ,ai-." . ' 1 1 ' 7^ : : "A SOLDIER AMD A jfAN."-The drama, "'A Soldier and a Man," «'l'ich is being produced at the Boyal Princess' Theatre on Boxing Nio-lit, will be presented to the Bendigo pub lic°for the first' time. The Clias. Hollo way Co., which is bringing' it to Bendigo, played it for five consecutive weeks at the Lyceum Theatre in Sydney, and it enjoyed a liberal amount of patronage throughout. The two leading parts are being token by ill-. John J). Saunders and Hiss Cora De AV'inton, each of whom, is preceded here by a somewhat en viable reputation. Tlie box plan is open at Sutton's. MIDNJGUT Excrnsiox.-A snccial train will leave Bendigo for Cnstlemanic, Kyne ton and Melbourne at 12 o'clock to-night for the convenience of business people and others who arc obliged to work late this evening. Tlie excursion is expected to be well patronised, and as there arc only a few tickets available, these intending to travel by this train should make early application to the secretary. E ECOOKIHOS OF SEK VICES.-Mr. J. AValkcr. secretary of the Bendigo Fire Bri gade, yesterday received a cheque for £30 from, the Country Fire Brigades' Board. This was a bonus in addition to salary, for extra services and labor consequent on the amalga mation of the fire brigades in Bendigo. BAUCHTEHS oi' Trnr;:;:ANtr-:.-The- Hopo» of Sandhurst Division Daughters <;f Tem perance held its quarterly summoned meet ing on Monday night. Sister Speer.3 pre sided, and there was a good attendance. Three new members were initiated, and one candidate proposed for membership. The financial secretary reported that there were only three members on the sick funds at present. It was decided that the paid officers' salaries be increased. The election of officers resulted as follows:-Sister Goids worthy, presiding sister; Sister F. Liddell, associate; Sister J. Spe-crs, conductress; Sis ter Dempster, assistant conductress; Sister E. Tdddoll, treasurer; Sister E. E. Warne, financial secretary; Sister M. A. Kniglit, re cording secretary"; Sister Manning, sentinel; Bres. Murch and Nichols were appointed auditors. IJro. C. Andrcv." v.-as appointed representative.. to... the National Division. Bros. Mureli, Mciiols and' J. dough were appointed representatives to the Grand Divi sion. Accounts to the amount of .f'55 were passed for payment, which . leaves the divi sion dear ot' debt to start the New Year. The receipts of the evening totalled .i:50. DEATH IN THE BENEVOLENT ASYLUM. Isaac Henry, a native of London, aged 82 years, admitted on 22nd October, 1898, died yesterday from senile debility. FIFTH BATTALION.-Members of the Bat talion are notified by advertisement that the half-yearly pay will be issued at the Orderly room* this evening at 8 o'clock. B.U.F.S.-The board of management met last evening. Mr. T. Glass was in the chair, and there was a good attendance of members. A reply to the hospital commit tee, with reference to the number cf pa tients recommended for treatment, was draft ed, and will be forwarded to that body at its next meeting. Accounts amounting to ,£253/8/2 were passed for payment, and the meeting adjourned. ATHLETIC CLUB'S SPOUTS.-The cntiies re ceived by the Beudigo Athletic Club for its sports meeting on New Year's Day are very encouraging. Several of Victoria's crack riders will compete in the cycling events, and there are also good entries fr.r the hurdle racc and high jump. The wood chopping contest is calculated to excite much competition. "THE PASSION PLAY.'"-There will be a special attraction at the Masonic Hall on Boxing Night, when Mr. "Walter Bent ley will appear for the first time in Bendigo in "Th? Passion Play.'' This story of the world's transformation is said to be of intense in terest,' and as a crowded house is anticipated,: the doors will be opened at 7 p.m. The l'-x plan may V.- seen at button's ni'tsi.- ware house. The price of admission has been fced at the low rate ol ]/. AN EDUCATIONAL CHANGE. - The announce- ment is made to-day of an important departure in connection with two of our leading educa- tional establishments. Messrs. Freeman and De Ravin, the principals of St. Andrew's College, have entered into partnership with Mr. Oliphant, of the High School, and purpose to carry on the two schools in conjunction. With this intention a Kindergarten and Preparatory School on one side will be supplemented by an upper school on the other. Both schools will be open to girls and boys, and a pupil entering at the age of five will be enabled to continue his education right through till he matriculates. The necessity of a good staff has been carefully considered, and a combination has been got together which bids fair to eclipse anything that has been formed in this city before. In addition to the principals themselves, who will take part in the teaching of every class, three other experienced teachers, Mrs. Oliphant, Miss Fogarty and Miss Roberts, will supplement their efforts. In this way the whole work of the school from the lowest to the highest class will be thoroughly overtaken, and the same efficiency in every detail may be guaranteed. The full particulars of the new establishment can be gained from a perusal of the prospectus, which will be ready in a few days and may be secured from the leading book- sellers. . FHATERXAT,.-The quarterly meeting of the Laurel Tent, No. 137. I.O.E., was* held in the tent room on Tuesday, 19tfli inst., C.R., Bro. J. Yv. Laity, in. the chair. There was a large attendance of members, two declara tions on and five oii the sick fund being re ceived. The district quarterly circular^was received, and a committee appoint ed to deal with same. The " secre tary was instructed to forward a letter of thanks to P.J.S., Bro. T. F. War ren, for valuable services in connection with the juvenile branch, also sympathising with him in his severe illness. Applications to register two members' wives were grained, and sick pay to the amount of £20/$!4 passtd! The accounts passed amounted io '.{.'of//]2/3. Bros. H. W. .Tone; and J. II. AVilliams divid ed second prize money for propositions dur ing the ycwc. First and second prizes of :'n.d /!/, respect:', ely, were offered as proposition awards for the) ensuing year, the minimum being fixed at 10 and five, respec tiv;ly. The election of officers resulted a= follows:-C.P.., Bro. F. T. Wacrstail'; P.O.I!.. Bro. J. V.*. Laity; D.R., Bro. Richard White; secretary. Bro. C. H. Williams (re elected); tieasurer, Bro. H. W. James (re elected): W.S., Bro. W. Hawker; M.S., B:o. H. G. James: levite, Bro. T. F. Warren, junr.; guardian, Bro. J. B. Taylor; auditor?, Bro. A. E. Martin and F. V:£rus ("re-elected);' judicial committee, Bros. W.""Johns, D. Lam' pon, T. F. Warren, and J. H. Williams (re elected); supers. Juvenile Tent, Bros. D. Davidson, D. Smith, and H. Laity. A vote of thanks was accorded Bro. J. H. Williams for past si:rvices as a superintendent to the juvenile branch. The retiring ofiiccrs were also thanked. The newly elected officers were duly installed by P.C.R., Bro. J. W. Laity. -Three propositions for membership were received. The receipts for the eveniiv were i'Sd/3/G, and the disbursements X-3'fl 1219\. 1 SUNDAY SCHOOL PICNIC.-The New Chum Bible Christian Sunday School will hold a "Leviathan ' picnic, at Bridgewater-on-Led don on Boxing Day. A steamboat will con vey passengers about four, miles up the Lud don during the day. The times at which the trains leave Bendigo, Eagleliawk and Cali fornia Gully are advertised elsewhere. Tic kets may be had from Mr. S. Davey. The Rev. A. S. C. James will prer-.eh in St. Andrew's Church to-morrow evening on "The Sign of the Babe." A special musical service, including choruses from the "Messiah" will be given at the Forest street Wesleyan Church, to-morrow night. Mr. Ch. King will preside at the organ. The choir of the United Methodist Free Church, Calvin-street, will render a choice selec tion of Cornish carols on Christmas Day,, as ad vertised elsewhere. Special musical services will be conducted at the Long Gully Wesleyan Chuich -to-morrow. Christmas services will be held at- All Saints' Church to-morrow, and on Christmas Day special anthems are to be rendered by the choir. . - , A notice appears in our advertising columns to the effect that all boot stores will be closed on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday next, on account of the Christmas holidays. - Miss "Yroland announces that she lias taken over Miss Brown's private school, -in Wade-st., Golden-square. Duties will be resumed on 22nd January, when classes for matriculation, civil service, and other examinations will bo con ducted. Mr. M. Barnett, View-street, announces for sale some splendid English Lever watches, also Rotlierams, Walthams, and those of other manufacture. All are marked very cheap, and guarantees are given. Messrs. Henderson and Goodisson are offer ing exceptional value in dolls, Christmas cards, purses, dressing cases, companions, card eases, etc. We direct attention to their advertisement this morning, in which they quote a few prices. The Beehive Jewellery" Co., Hargreaves street, having just opened a large assortment of the newest goods, is making a specially attrac tive display* for the Christmas trade. The win dows are now complete with a largo stock of watches, clocks, electro ware, and "a fine col lection of artistic designs in jewellery. All the goods are marked at tho lowest price, and are of the best quality. To-day, at 12 noon. Messrs. L. Macpherson, Sternberg and Co. will sell 80 head of horses at their yards, in Bath-lane. Mr. F. Napoli Pre scott's window presents a very pleasing spectacle, stocked, as it is with an elaborate collection of new jewellery, and sterling siiver Ninas novelties. 