The Yellow Hand. BY ALLEH UPWARD. CHAPTER VI.— (Continued). During the next few days Walter set tled down, and appeared to get on well enough in his new surroundings. He made friends with everybody ; with Hannah, whom I had strictly warned not to say a word to him that might put evil ideas about the place into his head; with Parker, who was an old acquaintance, ns he had come down with me sometimes to the Rectory; with Parker's wife, for whom Waller soon conceived a strong attachment, and to whom, as I accident, ally discovered, he used to say his pray ers every night ; and even with the Scotch gardener. I have already referred to Tarleton's aversion for me, an aversion, I am bound to say, which by this time was mutual. It was not that the man was actually uncivil. He gave me no real cause of complaint. Whenever I spoke to him about his work In the garden he listened with perfect respect, and he certainly did the work of two East Anglian laborers. He had, of course, failed to get a lad for St. Botolph, and had, no doubt, learnt something of the local feeling about the house at Strangeways. But through it ail he contrived to maintain an attitude of resolute distx-ust, from which he was not to be moved. If ever I gave him an opening, by attempt ing to start a conversation on any other subject than his duties as gardener, he was suxe to say something quietly offen sive. He possessed a marvellous com mand of Scriptural texts, which he would quote in such a way as to convey per sonal censure, without his appealing to intend it. Once, when I was weak enough to express pleasure that he had not been attacked by the terror of Strangeways, he turned on me with the gesture of a rebuking prophet. "I wad think mysel' a pu'r crea.tur' to be feared for a' the gins an' snares o' the Evil One," he said scornfully, "syne I abide under the shadow o' the Al- michty. 'Thou shalt not be afraid for the terx-or by nicht; nor for the arrow that fleeth by day; nor for the pestilence that walketh in darkness; nor for the de struction that wasteth at noonday.' YoiVs ma faith, sir, and I wad add, In the words o' the Psaumist: 'Only with thine oin een shalt thou behold and see the re ward of the wicked.' " In this manner did he contrive to pre vent my drawing any encouragement from the example of his stoutness, by in sinuating that he enjoyed the peculiar pi'olection of Providence, and that my own susceptibility to the evil influence at work around us was due to moral causes within myself. It was a view at which I at first laughed, and at which I afterwards came to shudder. Y/hy was It that Y/alter found nothing repellant in this hard, sour-natured Scotchman ? Day after day I found them in each other's company, the man steadily bending over his cabbage beds while the boy prattled to him; or else Walter would be striving earnestly to wield the heavy garden spade, while Tar- leton looked on with a grim smtle. At my approach the pair always separated, the gardener going on with his work, while Yv alter joined me in my walk about the grounds. I sometimes fancied that he did this not very eagerly, and rather as a sort of habit than because he really pre- ferred my company to Tux-leton's. It "was not long after Walter's arrival when Hannah left and went back to Lon don, her month's notice being up. By this time I had exchanged a num ber of Ieters with various servant regist ries in London, on the subject of supply ing her place. But It appeared to be a matter of great difficulty, almost of im possibility, to persuade a London servant to leave town and accept a situation in a lonely country house, situated In one of the most desolate dlsti'lcts of England. In despair, I applied at last to my friend Brett to procure me a woman of some kind from March Walden. Brett had answered, promising to do his best. And up to the present he had failed. This state of tilings of course threw a great deal of exti-a work on the two Par kers, husband and wife. It also made me more and more dependent upon them, so that I passed over a good many things in Parker which I should otherwise have severely rebuked. Fortunately, I had decided from the be ginning to run my household on a very simple footing. In spite of the presence of a coachhouse and stabling, I kept neither caxriage nor horse, depending on my bicycle for llie means of locomotion to places within a moderate distance. Another thing that spared me a great deal of trouble and expense was the en tire absence of society. AA'ith the single exception of the rector, not a single per son- In the district had so much as left a card at the house. It is true that I had freely given out, both to Brett and to the clergyman, that I had come to Strange ways in search of solitude, and that I did not intend to return any visits which I might receive. But we are not always quite pleased to be taken literally at our word when we say things of such a kind, and I confess I was a little disconcerted at what seemed to he such a marked taboo on the part of the gentry round. The rector of a parish is fi-equently a sort of pioneer, who prospects a new- comer. and reports on him to the old residents. I could not help suspecting that the Reverend Bullington King had made no very friendly report about me. And I noticed that he had not yet re peated his call. But I was destined to make another acquaintance, In a far more surprising quarter. One morning Walter ran into break fast rather late, with an excited light in his eyes. "Uncle," he exclaimed, not stopping to sit down to the table, "what do you think? Did you know that there was a lady — oh, so heautlful! — living In a cot tage just over the way?" I started. I fancy I rau-.t have colored. "Yes, I knew that," I said. "Have you seen her?" "Yes, only this minute. I went down to the gate while I was waiting for you to come down, and I saw her come out of her gate. And she saw me, and looked ever so startled, as if she had seen a ghost. And she came right over to me, and asked who I was, and all about me, and about you too; and she was so nice, and she told me her name was Lu-ci-a." He pi- onounced the syllables slowly and distinctly, as if reciting a lesson that he had been at some pains to master. I endeavored to appear uncor.cerxied. "It Is a foreign name," I said; "I be lieve it Is the Italian for Lucy. Did she tell you anything more about herself?" "She said they had no.t been living at the cottage very long, and that site found it lonely. She has a guardian, you know, and he Isn't very well; he spends most of his time In bed, or else lying upon a couch. I expect she'll let me go in there some time and see him." I turned my head abx-uptly to hide my disturbance. A frightful idea had oc curred to me, one so odious that I should have strangled it like an adder under diffex-ent circumstances. That beautiful countenance which I knew by heart, those eyes so touching in their un spoken appeal for sympathy, they could not be the mask of devilry. If there were a design upon a helpless child, it was certain that Lucia Manuel's part in it was as unconscious and as innocent as Walter's own. "Listen to me, Walter," I said, turn ing towards him, and speaking slowly and fix-nxly. "You are not to go into the Green Cottage; you are xiot even to go outside the gi-ounds of this house with out my leave. I have seen the young lady you have spoken to. I have not spoken to her myself, but I am sure she is as good as she is beautiful. But I know nothing about, her guardian, and I am not at all sure that he is a good man that you ought to have anything to do with. You ax-e here with me, and I am responsible for you. Will you give me your word not to go outside the gate without asking my leave?" Walter gave the pi-omise, looking slightly scared, and I felt easier. I had not forbidden him to keep up his frienosmp with Lueia. I coula B myself to do that; I was too 9 anxious myself to know more B with the yellow rose, as I still call! f1 B in my own mind. ea It was not long before the lnt-r/w thus commenced led to important quences. . But, before touching on H I have to relate one of the most st® lar episodes of my life in the house i H Strangeways. X am not able to say when or ypIm I first heard of the existence <,?,? derelict yacht. That In itself is 0L , B the first remarkable circumstance: seem to have become aware in en way, without altogether knowin w that there was a yacht, disused m abandoned, though not yet broken m? B lying up on the mud at the head of on' H of those tidal creeks which figure tl B surface of East Anglia like the crack, B in a pane of glass. And this yacht was B connected In some unexplained way vi«f B the house of Strangeways. ' B By degrees my information beeam, B more definite. The yacht was lying J the head of the estuary of the AVare g small river that took its rise close to til B village of St. BotoIph-le-Freer. The sno' B was not more than 15 or 20 miles away' B there was no railway, but with a gooj horse it would be possible to drive then B and back in a day. Then the connection between the aercj lict yacht and myself came out. The B yacht had been the property of Captain B Blacltman. It had brought hinx into' these parts. He had navigated it utf the Ware to the head of the xidc, ani had there laid it up, while he went ti B live in Strangeways. At first he has B 1 paid regular visits to the spot, to insp-ectj B , the vessel; by degrees these visits hai B i become more intermittent, and finally B tlxey had ceased. It was believed that B the yacht had now become w.liless B j from Its long neglect. Captain lllack- B ! man had left the country, apparently B i abandoning the yacht to the first comer, B I And it seemed to be the general ia-' B p session that I, as the purchaser of B I Strangeways, had a preferential ciain, B if I chose, to take possession of the dere« B lict yacht. . B Gradually the conviction tool; shapa" B in my mind that I must go and see this B vessel. In what way it could he cjt- nected with the struggle in which I was engaged I aid not know, but I was B absolutely certain that there was soma BB connection. Possibly the derelict yacht B was not so deserted as the people of ths neighborhood supposed. It might ccr.- venlently serve as a luri;ing-;>h:'j:- for B anyone who did not desire to be ssn B ixx the neighborhood of the himss of Strangeways. That Chinaman who had visited me with that un-s- pec-ted offer of service — I did net bt-liera EH that he had really gone away for gnol I BH felt sure that those wlio had sent MM B were not far off. B One day I took a sudder, resolution. I B ordered a dog-cart from the Bine Croon to he sent up at breakfast time, and pre- HB pared to drive over alone to the spot B where the yacht lay. BB But I had reckoned without "Waller. BB No sooner did he realise that I was gokJ B for a long excursion, which would occupy the whele day, than he begged ar.il en- B tx- eated me to take him. At first, I resist- ed, as I had in the affair of the bedroom, But when I saw that he was really dis- B tressed at the prospect of being left 1 B gave way. We drove off. 1 B I could occupy many pages with the de- scription of that drive. Turning in the opposite direction from St. Bo;olph-Ie- B Freer we dx'ove mile after mile -.hvougu B the heart of the secluded Ru thing land, We drove along level interminable road?, H stretched out like strings from lonely. H farm to lonely hamlet, and lonely church to lonely wayside tavern. The breatn of autumn was In the air, the torch on B autumn consumed the distant woods, ana B a fine veil of smoke made the landscape B dim, as if we had viewed it tlirou?a H thick glass. Once we passed through a H ' small market town, formerly a "O.ca B | place, and the seat of many factories, no> < B gone all to sleep and decay, folding its H bands and nodding like an old dame us- B side the highway. H | Now and then we met carts driven y, B farmers' men, or solitary laborers pw B j ding to their work, or children goine W H or returning from school. B All of them stai-ed at us with the sM H East Anglian distrust, the heaviness h | of long toil and the knowleuge u"». strangers brkig no good into tl:e:r u H To meet such faces took nothing from H desolation of the long drive. At " I road emerged from the region of f H and ploughed fields on to a low lint ! - H Intersected by dykes, with curious i H ! wooden fence standing up here ana H at places where two dykes met eac l ' 1 as If they were portions of sorne o H fence, the rest of which was submere by a flood. Finally the marsh ended i» H series Of muddy flats, with gx-een tu- H of coarse grass and weed doried them; and on the very edge of the H flats, where the tussocks ceased, an smooth tidal ooze succeeded rose _ . H naked black hull of the dismantled >« H I left the dogcart at a small .-Ol y H farmhouse which stood about a - H a half away, at the furthest h0'"' tbin cultivated land. From there a o-P H continuation of the road led on am marshes, and gradually dlPSJ irt I among the tussocks. Across - H picked our way, stepping from o,.e _ other to avoid the sticky soil bei H scene was dismal and eerie bej ,staBjj H thing I have ever witnessed. /f"estuar?i scream of a gull flying up - oBjyi from the far-off sea coast was sound that pierced the stilln-- H seemed to drip from the leaden - - &n3; yond the abandoned vessel laj . rcoatt H then a thin streak of sluggish H I marches again, overhang- I |Bfi?h SS'to within a hundred paces Mheyacht as it lay there, utterly de-. Srted Ind rotting in the damp air, when H tcrtea a which caused me to bold I Kreath, and halt sharply, clutching the Sn of the youngster beside me. lest he I TTifhout tTe smSest warning, without Wv having the faintest clue to how It Sip about, the deck of the yacht, so ffreand desolate a moment before, seem- to su arm with figures. I saw men in tailors' dress move swiftly to and fro. a of men armed with knievs and pls- fols advanced from the stern along the Bi Mock another group divided, and a figure Lund and stripped to the waist, with -Le!l rolling, staring eyes, was dragged forward, and placed before the armed T,ien Something took place too rapildy I for my eyes to follow, the figure was sur- rounded, swords were drawn and bran- wished the groups shifted and interming- led like a kaleidoscope, and then I saw he bound figure, with hideous wounds in ts threat and breast, seized and flung lover the side of the vessel. This I saw, I Jsut not what became of it, nor anything I more of the armed groups, nor of the lotlier men on board, for with that action I they'll ad all disappeared, like figures from a lantern screen when the slide Is vith- Brawn: and the yacht lay there, naked I jand deserted, as it had lain just before. I "Well?" said Walter, looking up at me B in surprise. B He una seen nothing whatever. I JCHAPTER VII.—' THE LADDER, THE B FOREIGNER. AND THE MESSAGE. I A cold sweat broke out on me as I I jreali.ecd that I had received a warning of an unparalleled and terrifying kind, a I .warning directed at me alone, In that minute I was as certain as if I it had been said to me in words that my I enemy or enemies — the power which was I besieging me in Strangeways — had a I motive for keeping me away from that I (stranded craft, and that that ghastly I Vision was intended to cow me from I proceeding. It would be idle to inquire I jhov I came to have that belief or I Whether it was a rational or an absurd I pne. It was there. Walter roused me to a decision by I Wresting his arm from my clasp, and (making a step forward. I "Aren't you coming on, uncle?" he I losked. I 1 could not answer "No." I was still jtoo much the ordinary being, the man I with the stereotyped ideas of society, to ppeniy let my conduct be influenced by phantoms and illusions and terrors of jLlio mind. "Yes, certainly, Walter," I answered. I Ar.d we walked on to the yacht. I As soon as we were near enough to I make out the letters I had the curiosity I to glance at the name painted on the f .vessel's stern. It was the Terror, the I name borne by the mastiff which I my self had set to guard the approaches to the house of Strangeways! There was a small, dirty-looking ladder Set up against the side, by which I clam- i Jiered on deck, with the boy following I jne. He showed no consciousness that I anything was wrong. On the contrary, |ie seemed to be in better spirits than I the had been since his arrival in Strange- Ways. It was strange to me that I, a grown man, accustomed to think myself, I Jf net a wise man, a man of mental cour age and power, should be standing on ithat deck shivering with the most paln- jfui apprehensions, while a child who was (afraid to sleep alone ran about eagerly (expiring everything, and evidently re garding the whole adventure as a plea sant clay's outing. Presently Walter discovered the cabin Slabs, and ran lightly down them. The yacht was a vessel of from fifty to sixty tons, not built on racing lines, but Bn old-fashioned cruiser. I was going slowly after Walter, when I suddenly ihe.v him shouting from the saloon: "Uncle! There's someone been here ; I've found a plate and knife end fork." I dashed into the saloon. The articles Jtvere set out on the table, and along with (them an empty brandy bottle and a tumbler. They were dirty and covered With dust, and I was quite unable to guess how long It was since they had been used. Presently I noticed something else, a faint but very nauseous and irri tating fume — I can scarcely call it an Odor— vrhlch seemed to pervade the sa loon, ana to be strongest near the en trance to a small sleeping cabin, probab ly the owner's berth. Walter was running towards the door (Of his cabin, when I stopped him. "Do you smell anything, Walter?" I hsked. He took a sniff and waited. "Yes," he answered, "I do. Something bitter and nasty." " I believe it is opium," I said. " Let Jhe look into that cabin." I thrust him aside and opened the door. The place was little more than a cup board, containing a narrow wooden berth. I glanced at it and actually drew a breath relief at finding it empty. But the hext moment the feeling of relief passed away, as I perceived the pillow and blankets bore the distinct print of a hu- Pian body. The berth had been lain in Recently; how recently I trembled to think. And from it and from the whole Interior of fhe cabin came stronger than bver t.iat acrid, penetrating smell. "Let £\eo exclaimed, coming out sharply fend closmg the door. "There is nothing Pn there ; but this place Is close and un- hohsome. We will go back to Ore farm ana get something to eat." tore r0t toreathe free'y till we jrere off that detestable wreck, and mak- bwn?r ay back across tire mud fiats to ffrm land. I little dreamt under what circumstanced 5 was to encounter? that evil scent again. But the disturbing incidents of that memorable day were not concluded. I did not hurry the horse In driving back, as the journey had been a long one ; and it was dusk by the time we turned in at the iron gates of Strange ways. I walked the horse round to the stables and as we went past the side of the house I saw a ladder standing on the neglected plot of grass outside the win dow of the locked bedroom, and reach ing up to the window itself. "Parker has been having Barnett's men here again in my absence, to see about that lock," I said to myself. " I must speak to him about it." But it was not till an hour or two later, after I had had my dinner and Walter had gone to bed, that I remem bered the matter. I rang for Parker. "I saw a ladder outside, this evening," I said to him. "Has anyone been seeing about that room ?" Parker stared at me. "No, sir ; not that I know of, sir. I didn't know there was a ladder there, sir." My heart began to beat. "Go and get me a lantern as quickly as possible," I said. "And tell Tarleton to come." He went, looking decidedly alarmed, and quickly returned with the gardener, carry'ng the lighted lantern. "Now, follow me, both of you." I took the lantern myself, and lei them round to the deserted side of the house, where I had seen the ladder not two hours before. I held the lantern up, and the next moment nearly dropped It from my hand. The ladder was nowhere to te seen 1 The sickly sensation I had already, ex perienced once before began to creep over me. I questioned the two men anxiously, fiercely, but they both told the same tale. Neither of them had used the ladder, neither had placed the ladder there, nor even been aware of its presence. I even caught them exchanging curious looks, as though they were asking each other whether I was not the victim of some delusion. This only served to make me angry. "Look here, my men," I said sternly, "I was away all day ; I came back this evening and saw a ladder standing tfcere as plainly as I see you. It is no use to deny it, or pretend that I was mistaken. A ladder Is a plain, simple object, and there was nothing to make me think of such a thing unless It was actually there. You have been guilty of negligence, tbat Is what it is, and you have allowed some prowling tramp — perhaps a burglar — to come here and explore behind my back. This Is not the first time I have had oc casion to suspect there have been sus picious characters about the place. If anything of this sort occurs again, I shall unchain the deg — and then look out for yourselves!" With that I returned indoors, leaving them to go round with the lantern and examine the premises. But I did not like what had happened, and neither, I expect, did they. I might still keep up the pre tence of burglars to the ser vants, but in my own mind I had got past the stage when it was still possible to believe in a simple explana tion of that kind. I knew well enough that I had stumbled upon another trace of my relentless and unresting pursuers; and much as I had feared them when they were, so to speak, but shadows in my own mind, I feared them still more now that they were beginning to creep out from the darkness, and to assume a tan gible form. The next day I caused both the locked room and the grounds of Strangeways to be thoroughly explored. But no trace of the unseen visitor who had left that lad der outside the window was anywhere to be discovered, and I began to ask myself whether, after all. I was certain that I had seen a real ladder, and not been de ceived by one of those illusions of the senses to which I had almost grown ac customed, so quickly does the mind re concile itself to even the most extraordi nary and bewildering conditions. But by this time a serious change had come over my theory concerning the house called Strangeways — if that can be called a theory which was at best the mere guess in the dark of a mind no longer certain of its own processes. When I had first come lntc these surroundings I had regarded it as sufficiently myste rious, sufficiently appalling, that I should be the victim of impressions and sensa tions from which a healthy mind is free. I should have deemed it impossible that a time could ever come when I should re gard that explanation, the illusion hypo thesis, as a comparatively reassuring one, as an explanation which repre sented the most favorable view of the situation. Yet this was the pass at which I had now arrived. I no longer felt sure that I was suffering from mor bid delusions; I cor d no longer hug my self In that belief, because I secretly feared and believed that what I saw and experienced was the effect of a deliberate and hostile system, that in these unique and terrifying experiences I saw not the work of my own disordered brain, but the work of a malignant Hand— a Hand outstretched with diabolical malignity and diabolical power over this house called Strangeways and all who dwelt within it! I feel, I felt then and at all times, how wild, how improbable, such an explana tion must anpear to all who did not pass through what I did pass through. I state it simply as part of the record of my sojourn in that place. And, having stated it, I resume the chronicle of the incidents which day by day served to confi'w it in my mind. i (To be Continued.) ' 