THE NOVELIST. THE QUEEN'S HAND. (BY WILLTAM LE QUISUX.) I entered the Silent Kingdom six years ago. Piaise be to Allah, whom the weight of a pea 1 upon the earth does not escape. May player and salvation be with the master of the first and last, our Lord Mahommed. Of a verity have I been blessed with blessings abundant, and enveloped by the cloak of his protection. The adventures which hive be fallen me through forty years of Bedouin life are many and diverse, but none so astound ing as those I encountered when in mearch of that mysterious phantom of the Soudan, the Fatasst. We, the desert pirates of the tribe Ennitra, dreaded from the 1 inghert even to the white city of the Sultan of Sokoto, had left the marshes behind Lake Chad, after pillaging a great caravan from the north, and were moving eastward across the stern sterile desert. in the direction of Gao, or Kou-Kou, as it is popul rly known among us, where we could dispose of our stolen merchandise. For months we had travelle , across that immensity cf red-brown sands, where the very birds lose themselves, our camels often stumbling- upon some skull, tibia, or even an entire skeleton, the remains of bygone generations of travellers who had perished oen those lonely wastes. The sun blazed fiercely in the flaming sky, the lips were parched and - crached, and the mouth filled by the ever- whirling sand. All the water we had was warm, and having been in the skins for many days was full of worms. A scaly viper occasionally crossed our route, and at long intervals t-e swift- flight of an n iitelope was seen. For days, months, no thing had rejoiced our eyes save the deceitful vision of the mirage, until one evening we decided upon a three days' halt for rest. On the previous day our vision bad been gladdened by sight of a small well, where we had re-filled our water-akiLs ; therefore we were enabled to take our ease, although, being ;n an entirely unfamiliar country, the watchtulness of our sentries was never for a single instant relinquished, We were travel ling with the sun only as our guide, therefore knew not into what territory we had entered, save that it] was as barren and inhospitable a regi6n as it had ever been our lot to encounter--a shadowless land of solitude, abandonment and misery. In our raid upon the, caravan near I ake Chad a bundle of .papers had come into our possession, and these had been handed to me as being a scholar and able to speak the tongue of the Franks, but travelling con stantly I had not had either time or inclina tion to examine them. That night, however, alone in my tent, I untied add spread them out. Most of them, including a kind of diary, were written in the language of the 11oumis, and some lore the image of the Liberty of the Franks, 1 concluded that they must have belonged to some Zouave officer in the northern regionvf the cesert, who had probably perished in an attempt to pens trate south. One paper, however, the last I took up, was written in my own tongue, and I read it eagerly. It was an official letter dated from the Ministry of War in- Paris, urging its recipient to .secure, if possible, 'during his explorations the far-famed Fatassi of K< ti, as the French Governmiient were ex tremely anxious to obtain possession of it, and by that letter offered to pay any sheikh or tribesman a large sum of money in ex change for it. I put the letter down, smiled, and re surted my pipe. The Franks are, indeed, a strang6 people. Havang conquered us in Algeria, they believe themselves masters of the world. 'The hapless explorer, whcever he may have been, had probably died, and certainly his hopes -would never be realised, for 'the Fatassi of the learned marabout Ksot was the phantom book of the Soudan, There Was not .a - clansmtn in the. whole of the Great Desert who did not know allabout that -pricelesi volume, yet no one had ever seen it. It had been lost to the world. for ages. " Mohtn k Kott, the learned Arab scholar, who'lifr$t'. Jenne, near Timibuktu, in the year 85b.i" the desira, was the most es te~med geven tyrannical councillor of our sncestir,;'iuts powerful ultan. According to the story: common among us, his authority is said to-ave. originated thus : the'king one day distributed some dried dates, to 'hip court, and Koti, who had re cently a rived, was overlooked. Shortly :afterwardiijthe learned councillor assembled a number of people and to them distributed f'r sh dates. 'This miracle for we have no fresh dates in this region of -the far south' \--having reached the Bultan's ears, hlie dis cernedthat- *npon Koti was set the Divine seal, and frim that moment gave him all his coufldeuce. '-A few years later the marabount edited a~?ijsiory of the great kingdoms of? SGaaata,.,?onghoi, and Timbuktu, the only history 'f;h??hoseonce all-powerful centres 'of a civilisation now decayed.and forgotten. Families since grown rich and Fowerful, and the chiefs of various countries, were shown' to be of very humble origin, oft-times being the offsprings ef slaves.. But while the book was being written nwm~s was conveyed to the Sultanof Jenne . that the Soughois had ,evolted and had com. bined with .-the great nation of Miossi to attvek and capture .its capital, therefore, in order to tave his great store of treasure he at -once had it made ulp into 'single camel loads, taken out of the ciiy, and secreted in rarious distant spots on the confines of his empire. In these circumstancies it became necessary, of cci;r~e, to keep a strict and minute indisca tion of each spot where the -vealth of the capital was conceale.J, in order that it might be recovered after the war, therefore tioti was ordered to inscribe in his book directions how to unearth the great store of gold and gems, the spoils- of wars of four centuries. This, according to our book, the " Tarik e Soudan" he did, and the precious manus eript was given into the Sultan's own keeping. lire one m on had waned, however, the learnedhistorian died suddenly at Tindirma, where a little white mosque-like house marks his grave to this day. It is supposed that he was pdisoned by the Sultan so that heabould not divulge the whereabouts of the secreted treasure. The war was afterwards fought, proving disastrous to the Sultan, who was compelled to fly and, it is believed, was after warc s treacherously murdered, asrulers were apt to be in those turbulent days. But the price'ess volume and the guide to the enor mous treasure ot ancient Jenneand Timbuktu became lost to all. For nearly five centuries the recovery of the Fatassi has been the dream of rich and poor alike throughout the Soudan. The scholar coveted it because it would shed so much light upon the obscure past of these vast regions ; thecamel- driver, the merchant, and the prince alike desired to possess it for the information it was known to contain regardinig the long-lost wealth. It was because of the latter that our conquerors, the French, desired to obtain it. But theirs, like my own, was a vain desire. A whole moon passed, and still we pressed forward towards Oao, ever in the crimson track of the dying day. One night, however, when the camp was asleep the guards raised the alarm, but so sudden were we attacked that we scarce had time to defend ourselves against the desperate onslaught of a column of French Spahis who had swept down upon us. It was'a mad, terrible rush. Although our tribesmen fought valiantly and well, it was impossible to withstand the frightful hail of bullets poured upon us by a mechani cal gun which spat forth- lead in deadly showers. Our men, seeing the havoc wrought by this devilish weapon, turned and fled. Fortunately the poison-wind had sprung up, and its clouds of sand cannot be faced by the men of the North; therefore we were enabled to escape, although unfortunately compelled to leave the greater, part of the stolen camels and merch-andise in their pozsessson. As in the confusion I caught .a horse, sprang upon it and rode int .lke blinding sandstorm for my life,.[ heard the dull thud of the horses' hoofs of my i pgnruers. From the noise there must have been a' acore or so of them, auxious no doubt t, secure .a marauder feared by all the caravans. . But swift as the' wind I galloped on alone..'se greater part of the hot, stifling night, until pulling up, dismouning, and placing my ear to the ground, I could detect no sound of pursuit.' At last I had by the narrowest escape evaded the red. burnoused men of the North. whcse chief delieht is to shoot us down like dogs. In the glimmering twilight, as night gave place to dawn, I saw 'efore me a huge dark rock rising from the ocean of said shaped like a camel's hump, and riding onward, I tethered my hors: beneath it and flung my self down to snatch an hour's sleep ere the sun rose, intending to go forth again and rejoin my scattered tribesmen. How long mine eyes were closed Allah alone knoweth, but when I opened them I found myself lying upon a panther's skin in a darkened chamber, my ears filled with the noise of thnning water. The place was cooled by the stream, and in the dim recess of the room. could distinguish rich divans. "us pendcd from the roof was a fine Ioorish lamp of chased brase which shed asoft yellow light, while from the perfuming van was dif fused tke intovicatiug odor of-atlar of rose. The light was soft and restful after the ac custom.d desert glare, and' in wonder I rubbed my eyes and gazed about me. I " llah give thee peaee, O stranger l" a :thin voice croaked, and glneing quickly behind me, I beheld, a .wiz.n d-fa.ed man, smail of stature, dressed in a robe of bright blue silk, and so befit by age that his x hite beard almost swept--the grouni. Notwith standing' the venerable appearance, howeve5, his laee wasdark and forbodding, and his small black, piercing eyes that time had not dimmed had-a glintin them. Instinctively, ere we had exchangid a dozmn words, I di trusted him. " To whoze hosipitality do I owe the resa and repose I have enjoyed 7" I inquired slowly rising to my feet and stretching my cramped limbs. • My name," the old men answered, ' is Batouba. 1 discovered thee sleeping in the sun outside this my dwelling place, and brought thee in, for the rays had smitten thee with a grievous sickness, and thou vert on the point of death. Thou hast re mained my guest these twelve days." " ''twelve days," I cried with. incredulity, at the same moment feeling my.head reeling as though I had drunk the palm wine of the pagans. '" Then to thee I owe my life ?" T'he hideous old man in blue grinned with satisfaction, regatding me with a strauge covert glance. Bythis time my eyes had grown accus. tomed to the semi.darkness, and I saw that the chamber was a natural one-a kind of arche I cavern, the floor of which had been leveiled and a channel- formed for the cool spring that tubbled forth and rippled away into gloomy depths. "This thy d ielling is beneath the surface of'the earlh," I obse:ved, glancing around me in curiosity. "Why dwellest thou here in secret "' " [he true Arab anewereth not the ques tions of a robber of tbh Ennitra," he replied, with a sneering accentuation on the final word. "Allah has sent thee as my guest ; partake of all that I have, but seek no ex planation of who or of what I am." He evidently recugnised that i was a free booter of the die ded Ennitra, but. his strange words puzzled me. First, I had no idea that such a luxurious abode could exist in the centre of that .wild, inhospitable region to which I had penetrated ; secondly, the very fact pointed to the conclusion that in my flight I had approached near a town; but, thirdly, I had aheady prof positive that my ugly host, the man who declared he had saved my life, lied to me. At the well where we had filled our water-skins on the day before the fight, I -had plucked a sprig of jasmine and placed'a tiny piece be hind my ear beneath the white haica wound about my head. 'this I recollected, and taking it in my hand, found it still limp and dndried. By that alone I knew I had not been there many hours, and that his story was false. I suggested that- I should s on be reluc tantly compelled to leave, but at once he became more profusa in his hospitality. " No, not yet," he protested. "1 am alone, save for my slaves, and- thy companionship is pleasant.. Remain and. I will show the over this my hidden dwelling-place. It may interest thep." And taking down a torch he lit it and led the way across a tiny bridge that spanned the running water, then open ing a low door in the rock, conducted me through several intricate passages, narrow and dark until we came to a series of caverns of various sizes, the roofs of hanging stalac tites, the walls hung with rich silken hang ings and the floors covered by beautiful carpets from the East. Over each the great lamp of filigree shed a soft light, showing how rich and costly were the antique tables of inlaid pearl and silver, and how wide and soft were the divans. In each the thin blue smoke curling upwards from the golden perfuming pan gave forth a delicious odor, and in one I noticed, lying discarded, a.pair of Itiny green slippers, embro dered with seed-pearls, a jinkra, one of those little two stringed guitars, fashioned from a tortoise -shell, both of which object s betrayed the prtsence of a woman. When we had passed through half-a- dozen similar chambers in sslid rock, the old man, croaking as we went, stopped suddenly at the further end of the last and most gorgeous of all his "subtetranean domain, and with a grnm extiression on his evil face said : -" Andttiis ..is the dreaded gate of the Kingdom ot-Darkness, whence none return." e itasrted, and drew back; throughout the desert there has been for all time a legend that. somewhere there exists the entrance to the-- dreaded kingdom - of Hawiyat, where Eblis re gneth. - He opendd wide the small door, but there was only-a darkness impenetrable, ani an olor of damp.earth. - Holding his torch aloft he crossed the threshold ant bade me peer in. - Then I distinguished -a few spans from where hle stood, a yawning noisome chasm, opening to the very bowels of the earth. " Harken !'' he cried, in his squeaking, uncanny voice, at the same time returning into the room. and snatching up from one of the coffee stools a large metal dish, which an instant later he hurled into the dark abyss. I listene i to ascertain its depth, but no sound came-back. I shudderd, for I knew it was unfa homable. As he faced me in closing the door, I de tected in his keen eyes a strange exultant look, and was seized - by a sudden desire to ascend once again to the light of the day. True, I could hive- crushed the life out of hinm as easily as I could crush a viper beneath my heel, while in my sash was still my keen jambiyah, that curved knife, which a score of times had tasted the life-blood of mine enemies, Yet, he had not harmed me, aind to kill one's host is forbidden by our JKoran. Therefore I stayed my hand. \- As we retraced oar steps, he poured upon me nauseating adulation, declaring me to be the most valiant freebooter in the Great D;sert, and using the most extravagant samile of which the Arab tongue is capable, a fact which, in itself, filled me with in creased:suspicion. Suddenly, as we reached the chamnber where flowed the coo ing spring, the truth became instantly plain. As he opened the door two officers of the French in linen garments and white helmets, who had been apparently lying in wait, pounced upon me, uttering loud cries of triumph The old, white-bear led r.cluse-may allah burn his vitals with the fire unquenchable had betrayed me. He had held me and sent word to the Infidels to come and cap ture their prize. But in. an instant I, upon whose head a price was set, drew my blade, and defended myself, slashing vigorously right and left, succeeding at last in escaping down the dark winding passage we had just traversed. Forward I dashed through room after room upsetting some of the tables in my mad rush, for behind me were the white-faced officers with drawn swords, determined to take me alive or dead. Well, I knew how desperate they were, and in an instant believed my self lost. Yet, determined to se 1 my life dearly, it flashed across my mind that rather than suffer thed ignominy of being taken in chains to Algiers, the Infidel city, and there tried by tribunal, as others had been, I would cast myself into th&fathomless; pit. I sorang towards the small door, but at first could not open it. 'i hen,just asthey put out their hands to seize me, I swung aside, lifted my knife, and struck my evil faced betrayer full to the heart. With a piercing shriek he fall forward over the threshold, and his lifeless body "olled down into the awful chasm, while at the same instant I gave a bound, and with a cry of defiance, leaped headlong down into the darkness after him. I felt myself rushing through air, the wind whistling in my ears, as deep down I went like a stone into the impenetrable gloom. Each second seemed an hour, until of a sudden a blow on my back knocked me insensible, and I found myself an instant later wallowing in a bed of thick, soft dust. At hat moment it occurred to me that be. csuise this carpet of the dust of ages dea ened the sound of all things pitched into the chasm, the belief had naturally arisen that it was unfathonable. I rose, but sans again to the knees in the dry soft dust, which, stirred by my fall, now half choke] me. Far above, looking distant like a star, I saw the light of a torch. 1y Infidel pursuers wvere peering into the fearsome place in chagrin that I had evaded them. The air however, was hot and foul, and I knew that to save my life I must be moving. Therefore, with both hands outstretched, I groped about, amaze to discover the great extent of this natural cleft in the earth formed undoubtedly by some earthquake in a remote age. Once I stumbled, and bending, felt at my feet the still warm body of my betrayer may Ebbs rend him. I drew my jambiyah from his breast and replaced it in its sheath. Then tearing from his body the silken gause which formed his girdle, 1 fashioned' from it a torch, ignitine it after some difficulty with my steel. Around me was only an appalling darkness, and 1 feared to test the extent of the place by shouting lest my pursuers above should hear. So forward I toiled in a straight line, floundeting about in the dust, until the cleft narrowed and became tunnel- like, with a hard floor. I stooped to feel, and was astounded to discover that the rock had ap parently been worn smooth and hollow either by a watercourse, now dry, or by the tramp of many feet. Besides the air had become distinctly fresher, and this fact renewel c mrage within me. Atfilrst I felt myself doomed to die like a fox in a trap, -but hope was re awakened in me, and there might, after all, I thought, be some outlet. Of a sudden, however, my eyes were startled at beho.dirg a colossal female figure seated on a kind of stool, with features so hideous and repulsive. that I drew back with an involuntary cry. It was a score times as high as myself, and as I held my torch above my head to examine it, I saw it was of some white, semi-transparent stone, the like of which I had never before witnessed. The robes were colored scarlet and bright blue, and the face and hands were erudeiv tinted to resemble life. One hand was ou stretched, On the brow was a chaplet of wonderful magnificent pearls, and on the colossal fingers, each as thick as my.own wrist, were.massive golden rings which sparkled with emeralds and diamonis. But the sinister grinning coun tenance was indeed that of a high priestess of Eb:is. I had entered the Silent Kingdom ! Amazed I held my breath and gazed about me. Around the sides of the cavern were ranged many other smaller female figdres seatel, like the central one, the face ot each bearing a hid ious repulsive g, in, as if in mockery of my misfortunes. Befor" the great central colossus was a small triangular stone altar, upon which was some ohjct. I crossed, and glancing at it, found to my dis may that it was a beautiful and very ancient illuminated manuscript of our holy Koran. But through it had been thrust a poiguard, now red with rust, and it had been torn, slashed and otherwise 'defiled. Then it dawned upon me. This noisome place into which I had plunged was the temple of that ancient accursed sect, who worshipped Eblis as their god. .As I gazed wonde-inely about me, I saw everywhere evidences that for ages no foot of man had entered th t silent chamber. The dust of centuries lay smooth and un troiden. Again I passed beneath the ponderous feet of the gigantic statute, when suddenly my eyes were attracted by an inscription in Kufi-, the ancient writings of the marabouts, traced in geometrical design upon the hem of Ihe idol's garments. My torch had burniel dim, so I lit another, and by its fl:ckering rays succeeded in de ciphering the foll.)wing words : •' Lo 1 I am Azour, wife of Eblis, and the Queen of All Things Beneath the KIarth. To me all bow, for I hold its riches in the hollow of my hand." I glanced up quickly, and there far above I distinguished that in the idol's open palm there lay some object which the fickle flame of my torch could not reveal. But consumed by curio sity, I at once resolved to clamber up and ascertain what riches lay there. With extreme difficulty and holding my flambeau in my left hand, I managed to-reach the platform formed by the knees of the figure, and then scrambled up the breast and along the outstretched arm. On mounuting the latter I was dismayed to dis-over that the object for which I had toiled was neither go d, silver nor gems, but merely a brown and mouldy parchment scroll. htaunding at last nyon the open hand, I bent and picked it up, but next instant I recognised that my find was of priceless value. Ere I had read three lines of th beautifully.fcrmed but sally-faded Arabic characters, I knew that this scroll was none other than the long sought manuscript of the Fatassi, the mys terious phantom book. Ages ago it had evidently fallen into the hands of the accursed worshippers of Eblis, and they had placed it there because it was a key tn the enormous wealth of buried treasure. With my find beneath my burnouse I at once descende 1 eager to discover some means (f escape from that weird and gloomy cavern peopled cy its hidcous ghosts of a pagan past. In frantic baste 1. sought means of exit from that temple where so many'ites, hideous-and horrible, had been practised, but not until many hours had elapsed, did I. succeed in finding a narrow burrow, which, leading as it did out into a barren ravine in the desert, has once been used as entrance to the secret place of wvorship of that now forgotten sect who believed not in the One &.erciful but in ]Eblis and Azour, his queen. After wandering many days I succeeded in r, joining my peopl.: at a spot four marches from Gao, bearing hidden bena?ath my robe the priceless history of my ancestors, with its minute instructions for the reco ery of their hidden treasure. At this moment the Fatassi, traced by the bands of Koti, .the marabout, and so long coveted by the French, is in my possession, though only to two of my tribesmen have I mpartcd the secret that I have recovered it. At one spot indicated I have alre dy sought secretly, and not in vain. To seek, however, to unearth the treasure of our. ancestors at present would be worse than useless, for our conquerers would a: once despoil us. But when the holy war has been fought against the infidels, and mere peace ful days dawn in the Snudan, then will the. secret treasure-house be opened, and the now despised linnitra become a power in the land, because <f their inexhaustible riches left to them by their valiant ancestors for the re-establishment of their long.lost kingdom. Until then they possess them elves in patience and trust in the Ore. To tl:e, O letder of this my Tarik of toil and tumult, p ace.-" Canterbury Times." 