COUNTRY NEWS. W(ROM 1 OWN CORREBPONDENTS.) EVANDALE, Tuesday. At the Police Court to-day, before the Warden (Mr. J. B. Gibson) and Mr. C. Youl, J.P., three boys, remanded to Evandale from Longford, were charged with the larceny of a gun from Snake Banks. The eldest, who is 17 years of age, was sentenced to seven months' imprisonment, the next to six months, and the third was discharged. There were previous records against the two elder boys.-An owner was charged with allowing a dog to be at large. It had run out at a passing vehicle. A fine of £1 and costs was imposed. A painful accident happened to Jno. Lee, an old resident, yesterday after noon. He was going for a load of hay with a dray, when a passing train frightened the horse. The dray, a heavy one, was turned upside down on the man. Assistance was soon at hand and Lee extricated. Medical attendance was obtained, and several stitches were put in his face. He is in rather a pre carious condition. The threshing machine is to be heard humming to-day in our district. I think this is the first time this season. LATROBE, Tuesday. A pleasing-function took place at the residence of Mrs. Dunn last night, when the Rev. W. Hogg was made the re cipient of a travelling dressing' case, fitted with every requisite. The pre sentation was subscribed for by the members of the last confirmation class. Mr. W. Day, superintendent of the Sun day-school, in making the presentation, spoke of Mr. Hogg's kindness and the love and esteem he had won from the young friends of the parish. Mr. Hogg suitably replied, and thanked them for the presentation. He acknowledged it was a very pleasant surprise. PENGUIN, Monday. A meeting was held in the I.O.R. Hall on Saturday evening for the purpose of considering the advisableness of hav ing a recreation ground. Mr. J. D. M'Kenna presided, and stated that the former recreation ground was taken away by the Government for a rifle range. It was decided that a small deputation wait on the Premier on the 13th, on wjhich date he was expected to visit Penguin, and place the matter be fore him. Men are at work clearing the railway line to Burnie. England is a highly civilised country, with centuries of culture, with ingrained habits of investigation, shrewd at bargain ing, rich in aphorisms of worldly wisdom, with hundreds of newspapers, and mil lions of books, and tens of thousands of schools; and yet, with all this background of history, and all this mighty apparatus of knowledge, we all know. that, once a popular delusion is started, it will race through the land like flame over a prairie, claiming millions as its victims. The most superficial ghost stories are greedily swallowed, the alleged healing: powers of some quack, if sufficiently ad vertised, are believed.-"Spectator." Guildford.-Go to the agent, Mr. George Illingworth, for the "Examiner." 