A TOMB OF ICE. ELL, rm blest if the weather ain't a-having a high old time of it. It's been snowing allday and blowed i ain't a-coming down as thick as ever." " It has snowed a bit to-day, sardintly, but I don't think it snows now as much an it did when I was a boy." " Ah, that is your idea, Daddy," said the first speaker, a big, burly, bluff, weather beaten waterman, who was at the roment engaged in staring out of the wi a,dows of the tap-room of the old Weterr' sn's Arms, situated at the side of the ..iiarrey Canal, Peckham. The hour of ten gad just chimed out from the old-fashipned Dutch clock that from time imme?iorial had stood in the passage of the pl inn, just without the tap- room dooz It was a wilrc'iinter's night, the last day of January, :;id the wind and snow had all tBe'li ' day been contending for the mastery. Screaming and howling round the gables of the old inn, the wintry blast, as it roared and raved without, led the few occupants of the cosy tap-room to draw yet nearer to the bright blazing fire, the flames of which hissed and spluttered occasionally as a few flakes of snow descended down the old fashioned, wide- mouthed chimney. " Anyone seed that Edwards, to-day 2 " said the waterman. " I arnt seed him, Blake, an' as I've been in an' out all day. should say as he ain't been anigh, nor likely to, now, I'm think ing," ejaculated theold toper who had been addressed as Daddy, and who had ex pressed his conviction that snow in that year of grace, 1850, was not the same as it used to be when he was a boy. " Well, if he comes at all, this is just about his time," said the man,Blake, a regu. lar frequenter of the inn. " Hope he do come ; be's a rare chap. he is, for a chat," exclaimed a little fat, podgy man, with a very red nose and a greasy kind of complexion. The latter, no doubt, being derived from the fact of his con stantly handling fat pork, for Nicodemus Potkins was the owner of a pork shop round the corner. " Ah ! Nickey, if ye're fond of a chat you should just have an hour with my old ooman," ejaculated a tall,thin, muffin-faced old fellow, as he knocked the ashes out of his pipe, " Chat with your old woman ? Heaven save me from such an infliction I" ex claimed the pork butcher, whose fat sides seemed to quiver at the rare idea. " Well, for a good yarn, and summat to amuse yer over yer booze, there's ne'er a one to beat Jack Hinkey," said the water man. "Quite right," said the muffin-faced man. ', I coincides, I do," ejaculated Nickey, the porkman. "An' so says all on us,"cried out a wizen faced old man in the corner. "Hallo! Daddy,thought you was asleep? " said Blake, the waterman. "Ah ! well, you see I ain't. Law, how it do blow I Still anowing, is it, Jimmy ? " "'Jest a-coming down like a blessed awalanch," replied the waterman, as he peered out from the snow- covered window into the darkness of the.night. -" It was just such a.night as this thirty years ago, as a poor gal I knowed was murdered-cut up in pieces, and carried, by her murderer, away in a carpet-bag," said old Daddy, who now looked round with a rather important, consequential air, as much as to intimate : " You see, I know something you don't." "Good gracious I Daddy, you have never told us anything of this before," said the muffin-faced man, who was a . barber in a small way generally practising upon the faces of all the customers of the Waterman's Arms. " Certainly, Jerry Jones is right ; you've never mentioned this before, Daddy." " Well, I tells yer now." " Why particularly now, old man ! " "'Cos it's a snowing. It snowed the night than poor gal was cut up, an' its a-snowing now." "There ain't suttintly, no mistake about that," said Blake, who now, with the rest of the little coterie stared round as a tall stranger in a overcoat that reached down to his heels, and with a fur cap on his head, appeared at the threshold of the door, shak ing himself like a dog jout emerged from the water, and causing thereby a perfcet little snowstorm on his own account. "Well, this is a night," said the stranger who, after his shake-down, strode forward So the fire, unceremoniouely seizing upon the beet seat, and gulping down at a draught aglassful of hot rum handed to him by the potman, " You may as well get that filled up again," he then ejaculated; " it will keep ost the cold." "' Ah I it is a cold night, too," said the brber. " Coldest night we've had this winter," echoed Nickey, the porkman. " I should think it is," ejaculated Jemmy Blake, who was eying longingly the second go of bob rum brought in for the stranger. The latter, with a smile, looking round, ex alaiming , "Well, yes, it is cold, gentleman ; you've said so. I've said so, and we've all -aid so he still I remember a night much colder than this. Why, this i--ah ! ah !-July In comparison. Why I remember on that particular night when I got home, I lit a a --dle before I got into bed, jumoped be tween the blankets, tried to blow oub the candle, couldn't do it, flame frozen. had to break it off,and before I could.drink -,p my rum-I always drink rum--(there was a wink here among the company), as I was laying, before I could drink up my rum It froze in the glass." " Good gracious I " SWell, I never I " " Never heard of such a thing ! " Such were the ejaculations of the com pany, whoseamazementand demonstrations of incredulity vanished as the loquacious stranger startled them there and then by ardering drinks all round. " Denced nice fellow I 0 "Jolly chap ! " ' A perfect brick !i" " I should think he is I " These exclamations, in whispers, passed from one to the other as the spirits ordered by the new comer were pre antly handed round. After the thanks and commotion ariling from this event had somewhat subsided, the stranger, who had filled and just lighted a huge pipe, the bowl of which must have held half-an-ounce of tobacco, exclaimed : " If you'll give me your attention for a quarter-of-an-hour, gentlemen. I'll tell you about that particularly cold night I was referring to just now." Receiving from all sides an assurance of earnest thanks, pleasure, and so forth, from the company who were imbibing at his ex pense, the stranger continued : '" It was just such a night as this, snow ing as it does now, and the wind howl ing as it does now. How the wind does howl to be sure." At this moment, to the surprise of his auditory, starting suddenly to his feet, the stranger darted to the door of the room ann disappeared. " What a go ! " said Blake, ruefully eyeing his empty glass. "Has he left the house, Ben ? " anxiously enquired the porkman, as the potman at that moment entered the room. ' He's gone, yes ; and it's snowing worse than ever." was the reply. " Well, I'm blowed I it's a funny affair. I wish Nat Edwards, the tec, had been here." ejaculated Blake. Conversing about the inexplicable con duct of the late guest, the little party in the tap-room were all now startled and alarmed by a cry in a woman's voice with out. A loud, piercing shout for help, followed by a shrill scream that rose high above the howling, wintry blase. " Help ! help I murder ! " Hollowly and weirdly the terrible cry sounded in the ears of that alarmed group in the tap-room of the Waterman's Arms. The wind howled on, rumbling in the chimney and roaring round the gables of the old inn ; but the shrieks came no more. With blanched faces the guests stared one at another.; the waterman uttering a cry of delight as a tall, herculean man at that moment hurriedly made his way into the apartment. " Hullo ! What is all this, Jim Blake ? You all look as though you had seen a ghost ! " " We've seen a queer customer. Nat Edwards, and I think there's murder or something going on out in the fields." " The deuce I I've - only just arrived. Fancied I heard a cry for help just now. I'll see into this I " " Ill go with you, sergeant," ejaculated the waterman, following the officer of police as he turned away at once, fearlessly again braving the wintry tempest. Blake now, as he pressed on by the side of his friendly acquaintance, in a few words made' him acquainted with the recent events that had taken place in the tap-room of the inn. " Humph ! I do not like the look of it, Blake. It is a strange business. Why the man should pay an liberally for drinks all round, sit down to toll you a story, and start up, and dart off without a word like a lunatic, is a bit of a mystery; and then that cry for help in a woman's voice, too, to say the least of it, is suspicious. Well, we will give a look round, though 'tie a thankless taak,for the snow will have quite obliterated any track or clue left by the assassin. It is a fearful night, but it is my duty to see into this ; and Nat Edwards never shirked his duty yet." The speaker, a well-known officer of the P Division of Police, located at the time of which we are writing (nearly fifty years since), at the Station Locks Fields, Wal worth, was a fine, tall fellow, rather good. looking, one of those handsome brown men, with dark, arched eyebrows, long lashes, prominent nose, and, despite his calling, bearing a rather rakish air, that won at once the goodwill and confidence of all with whom he came across. The wind was still raging like a hurri cane as the smart detective, with the water man, Jem Blake, made his way over the canal bridge adjacent to the old inn. Almost blinded by the snow that tossed about by the wind, was whirled hither and thither in mad eddies, and wild gyrations, the officer flashing the rays of his lamp full in front, suddenly paused, as from a drift he kicked some dark object at his feet. Stooping down, he picked up what at first he imagined was a piece of cloth or doubled up neckerchief. An exclamation of surprise now escaped the lips of his companion as be held the article up. " you seem to recognise this thing, Jem ! " " Should think I do, sergeant. I could swear to it, and all of 'em in the tap could do the same, I know," said Blake, who, taking the object from the hands of the officer with a shudder, cast his eyes intently upon it. It was a fu' cap ! A man's sealskin cap that was dripping with moisture ; sopping. as though it had been drawn from the water. But it was not water that saturated the head-gear. It was bloed ! Blood that crimsoned t!he particles of snow that hung about it. " I sulppoe this is the cap of that chap you were telling me about, Blake ?" inter rogated the detective. " Yes; I could swear to it, Etldwards." "This looks rather serious," muttered the officer a,. pushirng on, he presently, with hip companion, gained the banks of the canal facing the hack premises of the \Waterman' Arm and the adjacent boat hobse. Standing as the, were on the opposite side of the waterway, as the snow now somewhat abated the two companions dis corned a figure dart suddenly from a large shed, and racing along the ice disappear in the darkness of the night. " He has gone, whooverit was; but Ill have him later on if I get a chance. I auss. ricct it is your fur cap friend, Blake. But, hallo i we are well on the track, and there is not a doubt but what foul murder has been done." Singularly free from snow, the ice beside the bank where the detective now stood was clear and bright as a sheet of glass, but for a spaceof two or three feet around there was a dark pool of shining liquid. A pool fully revealed in the flash of the lamp. " What is that, Edwards; is the ice broken ? " " No, Blake ; it is not water you see be fore you." " Then what is it, sergeant ? " " Blood, Jem Blake." " Good heavens I how horrible," "It is horrible, Jem, and you may depend upon it whoever lost that blood, be it man or woman, is not alive now. No mortal could give up that quantity and live.", Carefully, though the ice was very thick, the detective, followed by his companion, walked out upon the frozen waters of the canal. Lowering his lamp the officer dis corned here and there dark splotches of blood upon tile snow and ice, and pre-ently a woman's veil and a torn glove. They were now near the centre of the frozen stream. The broken, uneven .urface of the ice, hugeo blocksstickinu up like slabs of marble, revealing where the barges had broken it a day or two before. An exclamation of horror now escaped the lips of the bold, stalwart, stout-hearted detective as he caught sight of a something lying among the splintered ice. It was a woman's hand ! The tiny dimpled hand of a woman, the wedding ring upon the third finger of which, together with a rich diamond one, glistened and sparkled in the rays of the moon that now,- like a huge silver lamp, shone out from the skies. The snowstorm was at an end. The storm that had heralded foul murder was over, and by the gleam from the luminous orb above the avengers could now follow up the trail of the assassin. " ulnrdered by some person or persons unknown." Such was the verdict of the coroner's jury who had asaembled in the boat-house of tile ?Vtermal, a Arms ten days after that night of storm, and dis covery of the poor mutilated body of a young woman, who, minus her left hand, had been found in a shroud of thick-cibbed ice in the Surrey Canal. It was. not until the gorgeous spring time that Detective-sergeant Nat Edwards tracked down the assassin of the murdered woman in the snowstorm, tracing his quarry tona mad house 1 It was the olil story ; a young and foolish wife, a mad and passionate husband, who, alluring his victim to the vicinity of the canal, had ruthlessly stabbed and, in wild fury, had severcd from her wrist the hand she had given him in church but a few months before. The assassin escaped the gallows, dying raving mad in Peckham Lunatic Asylum. 