Short Story. A Sketch of Juliet. ,?'.** You promised to show mo the ori ginal sketch of your Juliet,' she said. They were in Paul's studio, nnd the ring lie hnd just given her sparkli-d in the sunlight. '.Here It Is,'' said Paul ; nnd, turulug to a folio of sketches that lay agiilnst the .wall, he took from It a girl'3'head done la' water colours. ' How beautiful 1' she exclaimed. ' I sometimes think there is more life, more freshness, more power, In a painter's ? unfinished ekotcli thum - in auy , com pleted picture. The final work seems, as it were, elaborated in cold blood, while the first conception is wann from the artist's heart.' 'You are a good critic, because un anWMoMnatnil ' lin Rilill Sltlilillir 1 .''' .VOU do not use the cant of the schools. But I hope you will recognise some merit this time, even in the timaUeCl wovH.' 'You must take mo to tlu- gallery then, and. let me see it. Uhe ontlciuuo \- have made me eager.' 'They will be better still when you have been my model,' he s.i:d tenderly. She smiled. 'And who was the model for' this lovely liead 'I'' The. 'artist -.flushed a little, and his voice changed. ' She was a girl whom 'I knew long ago. I was u very young man then.' ? , ' Do not imagine \that I am going to^ be 'jealous,' 'said 'She quietly. ' I am. not so foolish as that, Paul.' The painter had told her that he was a widower, and' it flashed upon her that this must be his wife. A feeling of love and pity rather than jealousy stole into the true woman's heart. 'Your wife was beautiful, Paul,'. she whispered. ' Stay one minute— do not put It away.' He seemed anxious to thrust the sketch back into the folio. ? After a mo ? nntif'to i-iniiOQ Mta''i^ III an' f '' \- ' Let us go out now,' he said huskily; and they went. Both were silent, but lieivs was Hie pensiveness of i-iace. while in his there seemed much of pain. 'The features of tho Juliet followed her Into the noisy street ; she was trying , to imagine what kind of woman this had been, whom^Paul had loved before she and he had met. He was thinking of the s.une subject, but in. a very dif ferent manner. Her thoughts ' were mere conception, his were memory. Suddenly the memory and the concep tion were In a degree realised/ , A, wretched figure was crossing the etreet, a few ya'id.3 in front of them. ( All at once the girl caught sight of this woman's face. It was a stiaiigo idea, an absurd fancy; but, deformed and de graded as they were, the ragged wo man's .features seemed an exact coun terpart to those of the sketch- she had just seen— a Juliet fallen into drink and tatters. 'Look, Paul?' sfhe exclaimed. ' Do \- you see that woman ? She is like your I . Juliet.' The woman was evidently In a state of partial intoxication. Her naked feet alirvwarl tln- niip-h thf- broken ' rIiogs : tangled elf-locks fluttered from the torn Hat. A policeman was eyeing her, sus piciously. Paul started as though he. :saw a ghost. Well might he; lierc was iudeed a ghost from the past— oue that he had hoped was burled for ever in the ob ,- llvion of -London's vice and wretched ness. Some ghosts will walk not only lit midnight. *' Do you see the likeness, Paul ?' ex claimed once more the girl-companion.' ' Come on,' he muttered hoarsely. 'She is a drunkard— do not take any notice of her.' And he seized her arm to hasten ner onwards. - ? ''What is the matter with you ?' she — -- — . ? asked. 'This pool' wretch Is nothing to 'us-;, .It was only a curious re semblance.'^ ' Yes, yea— most curious. Let us. walk quickly.' - x - - . At that moment the'' woman caught sight of them. A strange look came 'into her wild bleared eyes. She stared l'or a second or two, and then with a cry rushed upon them : ' Paul !' ' Get out of the way,' he shouted with a curse. ' Come on, Annie— she is tit-link.' ',Druuk, am I ?' yelled the ,woman fiercely. 'I'll teach you to call your own wife drunk ! And who is this dainty much, I'd like to know?'1 Paul btiuggled to get by, but the woman -clutched his arm, while she poured a flood of vile abuse at the poDi-, trembling girl. 'Take. her in charge,' . Paul shouted to the policeman, ?and a scene of -confu- sion followed, 'i'ne' woman struggled with hnniU and teeth ; not till another (;uiioiuuii; v-iui.iv; 'J* vi/uni out uw ^f&v; perly suuurud. ' Let me go,' she screamed:; ' he is my husband— can I not speak to my own husband ?' Tho uir rang with -yells and curacs. The girl shuddering on Jil.s arm, Paul thrust his way through the crowd. Hut nv'heu- they had reached a quieter spot she' suddenly recollected herself and stopped. They faced each other, both iv.s pale as death : ' l'aul— who is that woman ?' '\ drunkard— a vile wietch— one of my old models.' lie w.is trying to lie. 'She abused mo because I gave up em ploying her.' T.he lie failed utterly. 'She Is your wile,' said tho. girl slowly, with quivering llpa. , Ho groaned. 'You; told me your wliV was dead.' ' So .she Is— dead to me.'1 ? 'But she is not dead 10 me,' the girl answered with Midden Ili-iuiiubS. 'Take back your ring— it Ikm stained my finger.' ' Oh, Annie— have you no mercy?' ' You. had iio mert-y on me in thus de ceiving me.' And slip Uiriist the ring from her hand. It fell unou the pnve-'i ment. ' C.ill .\i I! '' *. HI ?M t, ,,,,,, w, I - . n 1 '.o. I in ?. i ' I ill. .' ? ill , , i u. , . .11 ft i In -i , i ' i. iions. fcincii oi iu minutes woulil i ?--n'- foic- brt tluec-lirtiis of the old minute, or Uilrty-rtx seconds, while the new second would be a trifle more thau a third of the present on«. 