ALONG THE TRACK. The.author of the last Collie dog story in the Track, a correspondent notes; refrained from sending his name, hut the truth of the following lias been guaranteed by the late Robert Louis Stevenson, in his relation ot how John Todd, a shepherd, refused an offer of £40 for hiB Collie. John had bought some sliecp in Edinburgh, nnd, wjien leaving the town, the road being crowded, two were lost.- The loss of the sheep was a reproach to John and a Blur on the dog. Word caine after some days that a farmer, about Braid had found a couple of Bheep, and thither went John and the dog to ask for restitu tion. But the farmer was a hard man, and asked, "How are tliey marked?" John could not tell. "Very well," said the farm er; "I shall keep them." Then said John, "It's true that 1 canna tell the sheep; hilt if my dog can, will ye let me line them?" The fanner was honest as well as liard, and, be sides, he had little fear of the ordeal. So all his sheep were driven into a small field, and John's dog, who knew liis business well, was turned ill mnong them. He knew that his muster Fad bought two sheep, for he had looked on while the purchase, was made, and, to his shame, had lost them above Boroughmuirhead. Without pause or blun der he singled out first one and then the other. It was that afternoon the £40 was offered for the clog nnd refused. ' Now then," said the horse salesman at a well-known country sale yards, "What am I offered for this magnificent animal? He used to belong, to Father Ilealy, who knows what a good horse is, and no one looks after a horse better than his reve rence. "I don't know so much about thal," interjected a prospective liuyei. "Why?" asked the salesman. "Because I'm thinkin' lie's, a horse that is apTIS! down on his-knees too often.'.' 1 While the mnllee generally has ...it i severely of late years for want of rain is one part . of it that seems to he spe !$ unfortunate. The typical farmer of locality is slow of speech, languid of Wot $ and uncouth of raiment. A well n,..? -3 visitor, talking with one of the farmcm I quired, "What's the use of sitting doing nothing and letting the farm ,!l down?;' "What's. the use o' worldn J t le rejoinder. "Why, so as- to lay ,,n sn J thing for a rainy day." A wan, sardnni smile overspread the loiterer's face "Ton"! the eleventh man who has said that" H commented. "You don't know i.othiJ about this part o' the eountrv. We do J have no trouble with rainy days Wl J bothers us is droughts." 1 At the agricultural college in an adjoin j colony one of the professors is very ml ticular about the students taking clabomi notes upon his lectures, and these notes ll afterwards asks to have rend out to 1,;J "What is your note," he asked one studenl upon tliat part of. my lecture where 1 sail "the codfish lays considerably more i'l,,i 1,000,000 eggs during its lifetime?' " "\y.j| what I have got down," was tlie reply "1 that it is exceedingly lucky for the codfijl that she doesn't have to cackle over ever! egg." 1 The students of the Lincoln Agricult., J College, New Zealand, publish a very- ditable little magazine, in the last mimlJ of which H.W.B. describes the sad fatel a college comrade who had been prciiarij for the annual exam.: — | A student once, a gay and merry chaimie 1 W hose face was glad, a healthy lad I And always liappy, | Resolved, to the director's exultation, to all ill . students' admiration, 1 "1 J? do a .mighty "swot" for his diploma 1 Though but two weeks were left till u,c 1 lie studied with a. dogged perseverance— ' 'I (lad not time to eomb his hair or look to his J pc.iruncc.' Alns, hia brain, for two years nourished 1 Un stows of mystery, succumbed. 1 lie went to bed, imagination working, I (To-morrow came the first exam). He slept Va sound, but woke and found, ' 1 A ghost his bed was jerking. I Upright he sat, his hair on end upstanding LhJ to the landing rushed, And Sew downstairs as fast as he was able. 1 lie thought lie saw, as down Uie stairs he ran I I'er-clilorides on the .clock serenely spooning 'fl While hanging on the hat pegs, thermometers wtfl crooning. 1 By happy chance the Ohem. Lai), door I In front of him was opened wide, ile entered! fl Then in the Lab., his senses him forsaking I He saw, as round the room he gazed, albumiiiolS and crystalloids, fl Quite calmly globulating. 9 Upon a shelf, where he had once been workinS Xanthoproteic tests were lurking; a Acetylides were drinking copper sulphate. fl And in a corner waged. a. battle fierce, fl Test tubes and dcsricaiors large were fighting, fl The gas tubes, flaring up on high, the battle tidl were lighting! 1 Tlie student gasped, his fluttering heart S Did madly palpitate. He fled! fl He rushed outside,, his face, once bright, was dead!® white, « In front of him 'ho saw a palmitate, urged by a ful pious silicate, 1 In mortal combat with a hairy oxide; I And ploughs arid disco, mixed up with barb wirfl fences, 1 Were on the cricket ground a liaka dancing, I While round the water jump a mob of Uuaterfl chains were prancing. J But, sad to say, his reason went— I lie fell to earth, and in convulsions, died. g 