The Haunted Hut. 3 Founded on Pact (Written for the " Evening Observer.") . By OHBIS. DAHU Will WarledgJi and myself had been out shooting all the afternoon, and when the evening cfhadoms began to hide the scenery from our eyes, and the birds bad ceased calling, we gathered together some wood and lit a fire. From a waitortiole near by wc tilled the " billy," and as the roaring flames sprang up we pulled a log over near the fire and sat down for a rest and to enjoy the warmth, for the night air was chilly. The water was soon boiled, and I made some tea while Will got ready same bread and potted meat and Jam tbat we bad brought with us. Arter tea I made up the fire, piling a few big sticks on—for there was plenty of dead wood lying about where we had camped—and then wc stretched ourselves out comfortably. Wc had been reclining at ease for ten minutes, perhaps, and had not spoken. It was too monotonous, I thought, for neither of us had complained of weariness, so turning to Will I said : " Will, old man, tell ine a yarn. Somethins about your old bush days, it jo-u can." " Well," he replied, flnwly turning towards me, " 1 feci almost too lazy lo talk, and I could Irask in front of this Are all night without moving, like a cat. But I will try and spin you a yarn of my droving days if it will interest you." "Fire ahead," I answered. "That's just the sort of a yarn lo inlei-est. me." He eleared Ills riliroat, pushed a piece of wood further into the fire wltli ills foot, and then began: " I't'fl about ton years ago now, and I remember It as well as If 11 was ouly yesterday. I was droving a small mob of cattle, and my mate not being quite ready n-lien I started I decided to go witioul him, leaving him to catch up to me on the marrow. It was a cloudy sky all day, and when towards night ilctirt? £t commenced to rain I was not at all Burpvteed. I put on my oilskin when H firct started to come down, but It was miserable riding in the lain. However, we drovej-s are accustomed to take things pretty pliilosnpliically, and with my pipe turiu-d upside down I rode behind tlie o.iltle, patiently waiting till I readied -the camping ground for the night—mine throe luiies further on. My way 'there, however, just cut through the cui-iier of a run, and ahead of me I saw <tl!i'flitKli the mis-ty rain a. hut looming Into view, with a {rood yard atjaflhod. n«rc was a fini? place, 1 thought, to stop till the morning. The place seemed gloomy enough as I rode up, and I shuddered a little as I thought of the stcry associated with it." " What was il ?" I asked, Interrupting hhn. "Oli, some; bud)man had murdered his mute tliiM-c, and it was said that the ghost of tlie murdered man walked the hotmc. I Hiatl often heard tlie place called tlie • llanntod Hjit,' and no one would dare to stop (here, I was cold :ind liimgry, however, and not given to oelief of superstitious, so 1 yarded my cai.tle and made myself snug inside the liui. It was twilight, anil I knew the liglit wouldn't last more than a quarter •if an hour, so 1 hurried myself aud got some wood, most of It d;nup and wet, and after a great deal of trouble got a ure limning as it grew dark. 1 eoon made some tea, ami had a feed, and then I lit my pipe and lay oil the floor In front of the dying fire, my head and slioiilders resling against my saddle. I i'elt ton lazy lo go out for more wood just then, and resolved to leave it till rhe morning. But on second thoughts 1 called myself a lazy blockhead, bcnanre if I left It till the morning I would most likely get no lire at all, for the wood would be too wet So J heaved a tiigli, got. tip and went outside, and prc- ['.entiy came back with a big armful of ••vet wood. This 1 threw down beside :he fireplace—such a6 it was—and then, putting some more on the (ire, which was nearly -burnt out, 1 once more reclined lnzlly on the floor. " I suppose I must have dozed off over my pipe, for the next tiling 1 knew was that I hurt awakened from my sleep, and that the fire was gone out eave for a few red embers that glowed fitfully among the ashes. I could hear the rain outside still pouring dowq, and that Indolent fpellqg that we all sometimes experience came over me as I lay with my head^ resting against the saddle. I closed my'eygp again, *• When I i|£xL opened them, a minute or two after, I became conscious of two fiery ejws daring at me from the side of the fireplace. It was very dart? jpelde, and I confess that I felt scared. 33iey spemed so uncanny ; and a mournful cry, caused by the wind "blowing fiercely through the roof where a Shingle or two bad come off, made me feel cold mid clammy all over. "Presently, as I watched the two eyes, and thought all the while of the fnnrdered man, they disappeared, hut only to Teappear again a moment or two Afterwards. I felt fascinated, and could not take my eyes off those shining orbs. Then they moved again, and I saw something white close to the eyes. I felt I must move, or cry out, or do something. Slowly and with quaking limbs I arose, hesitated fjr a mliuiie, and theu advanced towards the eyes. When I was n little closer, and after I had stood up, I notleoJ that the eyes seemed quite near the floor. Mechanically my mind began to conjecture how the ghost's eyes could be tlipre unless be was laying on the floor in an unnatural position, when a pliers ' M-ia-o-w-ow' greeted inc. "My fright disappeared like magic, and I burst into a laujfh. ' Puss, puss, puss,' T cried. 1 Come on, pussy,' and I bent down and hold nut iuy hand. A. big white cat ramie lowardri me, mewing as il walked, aud Hie next moment I was stroking ihs soft fur. " Well," I thought to myself as I replenished the Arc with a bit of paper and some wood about five minutes afterwards, Mvrll, the glicst is laid now. I was a fool to lie liiid like tbat.'-; Biit, you know," he added, looking me In the eyes, "tlie bravest of inou feel afraid sometimes when tuey are alone, though they may be brave enough when they have company, oven though their company be cowardly. " Next morning, after I had had breakfast, a man rode up ns I was just going to get my cattle on the way again, and said: ' Hallo! are you droving for Nr. Kennedy 7* ' Yes," I answered. ' Where did you camp lust night ?' be asked. 'In ben." I an£wei'<t& "flint 1 "" to the ImU Sick, and the dressmaker tana looked Ifl just then. The dressmaker never found 01ft fate mistake. The bodice-hand came to see her one day and told her that Uiaa Sands was (having a new dress made^ and that she liad gone off frightfully. " She lias no figure at all now," said the bodice-hand. " All skin and bone." " Isn't she married yet T 1 asked the dressmaker. "Not likely. Who'd want to marry her ? For all (her money since she's been ill etoc's no more nor less than scarecrow." She glanced approvingly at herself in the mirror, which reflected a figure with a squeezed-ln waist, and a face with a good-natured turned-up nose, and eyes almost too email to we out of. T' In tbe Ignorance ot. her heart the little dressmaker smiled. She wondered what bad become of Dick Smith. "Perhaps she was fooling ihlm too,'" she thought Then some unaccountable feeling made her sigh. "Poor thing," she sold. r ''Perhaps she didn't love blm either."— " .Weekly Telegraph." — 