? TIIR STORYTE LLEEJ. A BITTER PENITENCE. ' ? OlIAl'TlUi XVI.— (Qunlfcund). ? And welcome, Fmeure Mise ! 1 Baid Ellen ^hospitably, as she -shook up tho comfortable , cLuilz jjjJlows, arid brought a great shawl, WrtclV i-ivo lucked comfortably round tbo fret. That done, slio would bavo left room , b lit that Norali stretched out her ? BUft cold linjirl 'nh-l m r)nf'ni»c^l 1 .rno,' she fraid— ' I bnvo bad no chance of askingjbeforc — how is Sir Amyrald to day.?' ? ? ? _ . . ' Well, JVlieB Gaebel,' Baid tbe housekeeper doubtfully, glancing ac Norah's iiale.face, ' I-d o n' tk u o \jfrjh at I ought* to toll you, all upset as you've' been ; but, since you're Mked mo, I may as well say that he won't lit? till morning, if I'm anything of a pro phet, hov until the night turn?, if you come . ~ to that.' Sinking fast, inias !' The woman then lefo the room ;.and Norah, ?. nestling down atnoug the pillowa, closed her : -.in-uvy eyes ana tried to sleep — but in vain. ^ea(l stilt and beautiful, Una, and Una's etory — above all, that scene enacted but a short time ago by the hall firo, ;? and which, but for the poignant pain it had left at her heart, might have been a fragment ? of a dream, haunted her, and, keeping every nerve alert, droye sleep away. Not for a moment could she lose consciousness, and at last, pushing her wraps away impatiently, and pressing her hand over her eyes, she stood up. . 'I feel like Una,' she muttered ; 'the house Beems to choke me — I can't breathe. Shall I go out for a little ? Perhaps my head would not burn so, audi could thiuk out thero in the air.' She looked about her doubtfully, seeking for some wrapper 'which she could throw -over her dresp, and saw, hanging over the back of a chair near her, a long fur-lined , cloak. It was her own, which she had got damp and muddy in the park a few days be fore, and which bhe had sent down by Moya ,to be brushed. It had a lai'fjo silk-lined liood, which she drew over her roughened hair. _ Tlitn she stole acro?s tho hall, opened ~r tho side-doer, and slopped out into the moonlight. Tho stillness of the night was broken by no sound but tho soft sighing breeze and the. murmuring wash of the waves ; the .^noon.shono brightly, throwing every mas sive tree-trunk and every gaunt limb into strong relief hgninBt the clear purple of the .sky., The night was so beautifully tranquil and nereno, so quiet and peaceful, that al \- though it's influenca brought the tears into ?, the girl's eyes agniri it yet soothed and comforted her. Tho cool air relieved her* burning head, while tho ? 6iibflt:T5''soothed her aching heart, and so, worn out as she was with sorrow, excitement, and lack of rest, she lingered in tbe moonlight outside, unwilling to enter tho gloomy house — ihe sad house, where a desolate mother wept for her child and an old man lay dying. Ob, if only she could get away, she thought, and find refuge iq boiuo distant place where tho very names of the Ardmores of liilehenora wcraunknown, if only she could fall asleep and wake when tbia sharp gnawing pain at her heayt was hushed and still ! ' tJould even Una's heart, uho wondered, acho with a keener sense of utter misery ?? Norah, wandering . on, hooding nothing but tho tranquility and beauty of the night, ... had crossed tlio .broad gravel sweep, and was walkiijg'aui.oug, the thick greoa tiees. In a tiny ciotiring eho paused aud looked upward at tho moon sailing slowly tin* nigJi the. deep . oxpante.of.bliio lu.d at tho bare swaying . - brrinchea ol tlio trees. Then she suddenly recoiled,. and the cty.whieh t-ho would have ,rUttor.ed..dicd^Vi'ayr iukw her lip v for, from bchjiuJ a*_hugb tree-trunk n figure suddenly demerged,1' and?' pulling if hand upon her ?' ..'???v;.' shoulder, in u deep stern: voice uttered one v - word — . *?.» Una!' ? -v. ' . CHAPTER XVII. , ? ' - Desmond; of Fintragh ! ' In her astonish ment and fear Norah was so gare that; it must be this man that she all but uttered tho name aloud. But her voice fell to an ? indistinct whisper, and even that faint Bound, aB she swiftly raised her Btartlcd-eyea, died away into silence. l?or the man who had uttertd Una's name, and whose touch still rested upon her arm, was not Desmond of Fintragh. The laco into which the girl looked was young, and, though tnunburnt, haggard, and weary, was, with the crisp, dark locks clus tering about tho rquaro forehead, the short thick beard aud heavy moustache that hid the mouth and chin, even handsome; and surely the dark eyep, looking, wonderingly,. half in credulously into hers, were as familiar to her as waB her own reflection iu the glass it And this man s race, though older and more lined, and less gaunt aud melancholy, with an expression telling more of passion than of pain nee, was Ked bond's facj The girl shuddered aud turned cold. I'he terrible story to whicli she had listened but an hour or two ago, the neglected grave in the solit ary glado, Una's wild cry of last night, 'A ghost, Norah — a ghost ! ' all rushed iu upon her memory at once, and for one dreadful moment held her motionless and dumb. s Tho next,^he had freed herself from the man's grasp with a piercing scream, and was flying across the gravel sweep. The eide door was ajar as she had loft it, and she pushed it open and rushed in, dizzy and ready to fall' upon the threshold. But an - arm cuught, steadied, and held hor, aud she ? raised wido frightened eye3 to Redmond's face. 4 What is it ? ' ho said. ' What is it? What has frightened yoa ? ' ' I don't know !' eho pantod. ' ' I don't know! There is someone, out thore — out among the trees ! Some ono like you, but browner and older — someone who took me ? for Una ! — out among the trees ! ' Was her excitement', hep fear infectious? ller face was not Whiter than ftedmol Avdm'jreV, the trembling which shook her was not stronger than t he shudder that con V vuhod him. In an moment he had put her into a great chair by the fire, had whispered ? earnestly and eagerly, ' Say nothing, and wait here until I come back, for Heaven's sake !'and had wildly darted away. (To be continued.) 1 * ? ? ! ? i 