Literary. PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED. "The Duenna of a Genius," by M.E. Francis (Longmans, Green, and Co.). —It wants but litle circumspection to discover the sex of the author of "The Duenna of a Genius" from a perusal of the book were other information on the subject lacking. No " mere man" could treat the two central characters with such dainty grace and ten derness. There in a pathetic little under current running through the novel, too, which stirs the reader's heartstrings and evokes his sympathy more than a little. Tbe plot is but a simple one, but treated with an art which lifts it far above the usual average. There are really only three charac ters in the to k. Two young Huaga 'lan girls and an Englishman of wealth and leisure. The two Kostolitzes are the pivot on which t^e whole plot swings. The' younger, Va leric, is a musical genius, young, childlike, and spoilt, but delicious. Her " Duenna" is her sister Margot, who, since she was 13, has had but one idea—to bring her sister out. She is far the more lovable character of the two, tender, loyal, and infinitely patient. The two came to London, and en deavour to get a foo ing in the musical world, tout London is a trifle " difficile" to begin ners. Sir John Crofts, the Englishman, in terests himself in their welfare, but tefore lie has gone very far in his good offices he falls in love -with Margot. She plainly re turns his love, but will not leave her sis ter. Valeric comes first, and until she is an established figure on concert platforms love must have no place in her duenna's life- How that love finally triumphs and how Crofts waits patiently for his opportunity must be left to the prospective reader to find out. It is certain that he will not be" disappointed. The book is almost an idyllic love story. There is nothing unwholesome, nothing that grates, between its covers. One's heart warms to Margot from the first Her character Is one common «nottgh perhaps, but which loses nothing of its sweetness because of that. Valeric also Is charming, and her story is but little less attractive than >Margot's. Altogether "The MDuenna of a Genius" is one of the best of the novels written by women which were published last year. . " Omar the Tentraaker," by Nathan Hafllc ell Dole (Duckworth and Co.).—lt is doubt ful whether the publication of a life of Omar Khayyam wrapped up in the pages of the work of fiction is altogether satisfactory. And thte from two points of view. First be cause it brings hiß personality too much in touch with material thfnsfl. A lover ot Khayyam is wont to imagine htm as. living apart from the rest of the world, dreaming the long days idle, content merely to livs without ambition, "to take the cash and let the credit go." It jars somewhat .to meet' his character with the usual human attributes of love and ambition. Mr. Dole makes his great mistake in weaving a love affair into the life of the Persian poet. The reader feels that such an event is pure. fic tion, Omar could never have felt the passion that sways the marionette of Mr. Dole. Cer tainly the author has endeavoured to at tribute several of his " rubai" to the in fluence of the little blind god, but in most instances the effort is abortive. In the sec ond place the author's treatment of the sub ject iB hardly ' artistic. Most readers of Khayyam know the facts of his life set down in hard history. Mr. Dole has fitted a tem perament to each of the two friends with whom Omar was so closely connected. He has enlarged and added details to the differ ent events chronicled in records, and he has tried to weld together the incidents of which everybody is aware into one harmonious whole. It cannot be said that he has quite succeeded. There is always a feeling .of something wantine, a touch here, a little better writing^here, which would strengthen the work considerably. Outside theße two objections the novel is interesting reading. Mr. Dole is an Eastern scholar of some re pute, the editor of the multi- variorum edition of the " Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam, and he has not scrupled to make use of his special knowledge. He has incorporated many differ ent versions and translations of the verses of Khayyam, which are at any rate of use to those who wish to know how far Edward Fitzgerald departed from the original when writing his immortal quatrains. • "Pall Mall" for April.—The "Spring ' Number" of this magazine is more ace p i able as regards its stories than its General ' reading matter. C. J. Cutcliffe Hyne has a '.typical yarn of Grand Canary entitled, "The Consumptive," the dialogue of which is ai good as he has over done. Marriott-Wat son's instalment of Lord Francis Charmian's vagaries portrays that eccentric gsntlemin In tfie character of itoe fool he had p-e -viously succeeded in making so many people, but the fool is an encasing on«. There is a gruesome ghost-story entitled " A Haunted Island,'' which is sufficient}/ full of " creepy" sensations. Mr. W. C. Scully's* poem, "The Pr*yer of the Ca'..'le Smitten with Rinderpest," might have been equally well written Apropos of the Uk plague. Ttoe beet of the articles is, p?r haps, C. D. Gibson's second instalment of his " Sketches in Egypt," enriched as it is wltlh the artist's distinctive drawings. Royalty Is " honoured" with two crticlea " The Queen's Furniture at Windsor" end "Kensington Palace." Mr. G.WS. Street begins his views of life from v A London Attic" happily enough in this number. 