ABOUT THE WOMEN. AT.T. SORTS AND CONDITIONS. It has beeu considered unlucky to be married in May ever since tho days of Ovid. In ancient Home there was held in May a iestival called the Lemuria, or feast of the lemures, which was a ceremony in honor of the Speeches of departed souls. It became with the Romans what we should cal] " bad form " to have matrimonial fjasts at the season of a soleuiu ritual being, no doubt, thought to be an insult to the dead to marry at such a time. From this a number of stories grew of the revenge made by the outraged ghosts upon those who dared to disregard them, and if anything unfortunate happened to a couple who had been married in May, it would, of course, have been put down to retribution. So the tradition of ill luck arose, and its influence has lasted ever since, even to our time. \- It has been established by careful ob servation that the "varying season has an important influence on the growth" of children. Spring, the time of growth in tbe vegetable world, is also the time when children iucrease most rapidly in height, though- their ? weight may remain stationary", or may even - diminish. Autumn stops llie growth almost entirely, bat it is very favorable to increase in weight. During winter the body appears' to have quite enough to do to hold its own, for neither height nor weight shows any marked gain Tho spread of medical women in Great Britain is very astonishing. In London alone there are now 85 registered and qualified medical women, almost all of whom aie in practice. " Some of these hold posts in ' dispensaries, hospitals, children's' hospitals, infirmaries, posts as opthalmic surgeons, assistant anaisthetists, medical examiners, in spectors, aud lecturers. Not only lias almost every .'large English town a lady medico, but even remote Orkney Islands have qualified women as medical officers. The . rapidity with which women, have spread over the medical field can best be gauged by remembering that the London ^School of Medicine for Women was only "founded in 1874. . The following hints will assist any young women to read men's characters : -If a sweetheart is inclined to give in too much to your will, distrust him. He will prove just the opposite when you are married. -If he is cruel to animals, you may be sure he .will not be over»kind to human beings. If he " runs down " his friends he is deceitful, and would do the same by you if you. chanced to quarrel. - If he is hasty-tempered, don't count that against him. It "is ten times better to be liasty than to hs sullen and revengeful. If he fails to keep his finger-nails tidy he should be broken of the habit at once. This is the beginn ing of a miserable slovenliness. If he cannot look you in the eyes when he talks, he is terribly.shy, or else is a man not to be trusted. When reading a man's character it is always well to bear in mind that he is bound to have his faults. Therefore," do as you would be done by, and try to make allowances. What it means to a man to come home at night to a cheerful wife no one but he who has had to figbt in the hard battle of life knows. If he is prosperousit is an added joy ; but it is in misfortune _that it shines like a star in the darkness. A complaining wife can kill the last bit of hope and courage in a sorely troubled heart, while- a cheerful one gives new courage to begin the fight over again. Fire is an essential in some wedding celebrations. : In Persia the service is read in front of a fire. 'In Nicaragua the priest, talang the couple each by the little finger, leads, them to an apartment where a lire is lighted,and there instructs the bride in her duties, extinguishing it by way of -conclusion. In Japan the woman kindles a ' torch, and the bride groom lights one "from it, the; playthings of the wife being burned then and there. Some Parisian actresses, wear paper lace, which by night looks as.beautiful and delicate as tbe best of real lace, while it costs but a trifle. In Piris, and other large towns iu Frauce, female bootblacks are increasing in number. They wear a peculiar garb, not unlike that of Sisters of Mercy, which renders their appearance rather neat and attractive. Not a few among them attend to their work with gloved bauds.". A. law recently passed iu Norway makes girls ineligible for matrimony unless they can show certificates of skill in cooking, knitting, and spinning. The children-of the Bulce and Duchess of York are very natural, and are loved by everyone. The Queen is ^especially fond of them, and constantly gives-tbeni fairy great-granduiother gifts, one of the most recent being a complete Highland dress, in the Royal Stuart tartan, haying all the correct accessories, brooches, buckles,and weapons beautifully designed in. miniature. - This she presented to Prince Edward, who is highly delighted with his gaudy costume, and is hero or the nursery. - Budyard Kipling's mother - was a woman of great beauty aud charm. She was one of three sisters noted for their intellect and culture, all of whom married distinguished English artists. " One became the wife of Sir Edward Poynter, who succeeded Sir .John Millais as presi dent of the Royal Academy, while the other married Sir E. Burne-Jones.: Virtue's a beautiful thing in women when they doii't go about, like a child with a drum, making all ?sorts of noises with it. There are some women who think virtue was given them as claws were given to cats-to do nothing bat scratch with. . " All women cannot be beaatiful, but it is the duty of every woman to look as well as she can, and nothing adds more to a woman's good looks than a cheerful countenance. " I have always," said the good Vicar of Wakefield, been an admirer of happy human faces." Tho sentiment is universal. The pleasure thus derived compensates for the absence of .beauty, and supplies the deficiency o£ symmetry and grace. « ; Some women make a continued story of their troubles aud recite'a chapter every time they see a friend. The path of a good woman is indeed strewn with flowers; but they rise behind her steps, not before them. 