Religious. CROMWELL AND CROMWELLISM. Preached in the City Temple, on 25th April, in connection with the celebration of the tercentenary of Oliver Cromwell. By JOSEPH PARKER, D.D. " And when I heard this thing I rent my garment and my mantle, and I' sat down astonishod."— Ezra ix. 3, Ezra was the Cromwell of the Old Tes- tament, the Scripture reader, and a priest and a scribe saturated with the law, per meated by the Spirit ol righteousness, a right valiant and a most outspoken man who would have a hard time of it if he lived now. We celebrate Cromwell best by spreading the principles of Cromwellism. I want living Cromwells, living righteousness, living obedience to the Lord God and to the Lord Christ. One day there came to Ezra certain of the priests of Israel and told him the bad news, told him of the lust, and the adultery, and the shame of Israel, told him that the princes hat! been chief in this trespass. " And when he heard it, ho rent is mantle and his garment, and tore the hair of his head and of his face, and Bat down aston ißhed." They were not the meaner ser vants, not the minor satraps aud underlings of the camp, but the princes, the natural heads and leaders of tribes. The whole head was sick. The men that ought to have led were worst in this most unholy out rage, and the prophet tore his mantle and his garment, and. sat at the evening sacrifice, and arose trembling, and spread out his hands to the offended heavens, and sakJ, " I dare not look at Thee, tor my face Is one red blush of shame, oh ! Lord God.- But hear the priest who pleads for the people, and if Thou canßt spare us and still give us, if it be only a naif, la Thy house, that will give us a pledge. God help us." It is infinitely sad when the prince goes wrong. Ft is <bad enough when frki coach man plays at cards. When tiie prince himself is taken red-banded in itlhe act, Uhen let the .country mourn, and let the throne toe sprinkled with tears. We look to prioceJs for noble deeds, for high exam ples. If I find my (prince or any Premier on the recenground, Ido not tike it. I know what is said about 'breeding fine animate, and what is said about dtetißguisblug the essence from the aoddeot, and making a broad distinction (between the races awl those who turn the race* irtto an occasion (Or ganfbling. 1 'have heard of that plea. " He that sltteth in the heavens shall lau&h; at him." There is nothing in it; it is fen excuse. It is taking advantage of a nn.*n explanation. • Let us hdar Ezra to-day. He says, "Wfce. I heard that a Christian professor had broken his word, I rent my mantle and my garment, and il sat down astonished." He professed to lOve any Lord. His lips were wet with the 'blood of sacrament, and over tbo3e reddened lips he poured a Mack lie. He -broke "hie word ; he proved (himself dis honourable and unworthy, and unfaithful. He gave away his religion in the market place. " I sat down astonished, and 1 cried bitterly, penitenibially, *o God." Paul said, " Many waßc, of Whom -I have told you Often, and tell you now, even weeping that t&ey; are the enemies of the cross of Christ." No ftltwafd enemy beat down (Ezra ; the great collafwe was internal. Only Chris tian* can Inflict deadly damage on Gbrfo tfanrity. The unbeliever can do Ifttle ; his is as a blunt axe wanting in weight, and he himself 1« wanting in skill ;*Uut any man who drinks the ibtood of sacrament and then breaks his word hurt* not tots theology, but his God, his Saviour. He renews the tra gedy of the crow. What dhall we do now ? We say, "To sin is human. No doubt some little breach was commuted. Certainly this or that may have occasioned a good deal of solicitude and even pain, but we muet hope for Che 'best." That is not the right talk, and tih&t; is not the right tone. But you can never talk albout another man's faults in the right way until you have fronted yourself and told youatoetf that you have crucified the Lord. We want free speech and frank speech, true speech that goes through and through the case, and first of all Bfays with God's sword the critic him self. When I heard that a Nonconformist got ridh, and went into the Calbinet, and turned hie 'back on his father and his mother so far as their principles and their education were concerned, when I heard that a man had turned hts ibacfc upon the Nonconform ity that washed him, clothed him, educated him, gave him bis first chance in life, and then went over to the side that had done nothing for trim, but persecuted bis ances and liberty. tore, "1 rent my garment and my manti*. and eat down aMonWbed." I ou bear 3m lose. I would reakon his abeenco gate. The Established Church <tuisrepresema the Christ. It misrepresents the purpose ol His incarnation. That is my charge, that my knipeactoouemt, and from that 1 CdHao bo : seduced 'because I have the chance of hav ing a Front-<benoh man to preside over de liberations in which (his soul take* no part. I believe Chat we may have to set rid <xl swme people. I growingly feel that we may be fewer and yet stronger. lam wearied with your imilk-and-water man. Ido net want to be a popular preacher, l waat tihe preacher, whether he be popular or un popular, to tbe fearless, independent, ffraoi ou«, inflexible in justice. You may starve him. but God will nourish his bou]. When I heard that the Kaiser went li» the East, *nd in an after-dinner speed! said, "My friend the Sultan," I was as tonished. I could .have sat down with 'humiliation and terror. The Great Aseas sln had insulted civilisation, had outrageld every Christian sentiment, and dafteri con certed Europe. He may have been tiho Kaiser's friend, he was not yours, be W53 not 'mine, he was not God's. Down with such speaking, and let every man's voice be heard on this matter. So long as any man can say "My friend the Sultan." I wish to have no commerce or friendship with "that man. The Snltan drenched the land with blood, cut up ujea women, -and children, spared none, rtppe.l tip the wen«b, (bayoneted, the ibafte, and did all manner of helUah iniquity. He may have been the Kaiser's fr: r.d ; but iv the name oi* >.io4, in the name of the Father, and the Bon, and the Holy Ghost,, speaking of the Sultan not «b an individual, not merely as a mas, hut ppeafdne of him as the Great Aaaoasin, I say, God damn the Sultau ! And when I hear a that these things were done, I rent my garment md my mantle, and I sat down a man with a great nob in my throat. I thought lhe cause of maakind was »lven up, even >by the Lord that redeemed the race.. . ■ When T t'be other day had an account sent in to toe to be paid, and w'icj 1 rcu.J one word in that account, •" I rent my mantle and ray garment, and I sat down astonished." It was a bill for a grave, the deepest grave I ever dug, and at the top of the bfrH was a designation of the ground, and that word was " itnooniracratcd." (" Shame !") Shame ! A thousand shames'. Who is laid there ? >A brain that never entertained an ignojble thought, a hvrs tbat never hid a selfish desire, a hand ih'at wm never stretched out but in helpful neM . and love ;- «nd to call her rewriog-iplaot-. " unoonaecrated" ! Shame-! a thousand ahame ! The whole earth cries " shame"! Ttoetoe are' not things to l>o passed over lightly. They may mean nothing to jotco people, but it meant much to me. it.. meant a wound where the wound wad al ready too deep ; it meant vitriol, poured upon a gaping red wound. ■ " Unqons*> crated," said >1 ? Am I (o be told thai. ! thkrifl a merely technical term, simply a mere verbal expression notifying only ecclesiiastteal arrangements ? Mo. It ti \ more. It is a knavish trick ; it i« a' dc-, t«»tatt>le "blaaiAfony. I will, as I live mora and more, co help m<* Ctod, endeavour to be [ faithful to the principles which I cherMV and to tbe religion v/hjxft bas redeemed me. and I will be-iroto faithful to the No-. v confonnisu wbo have made England a Vnj testant country. Ol cwiree, we s^.t.'l nil , be condfißDnexl for our violent, methods and,, our violent expieUrt*, and for our mi-, governable and hyperbolical wayis of repro sentlng other vlewo and phase* of Trut!i. I am prepared to p«y the pritv. L«>t tli>«e pew?, which I have had around me for some trirty years, be emptied, and le r. usy tu peed go down to a crun and a £g>o>r'iil ot , water, and let who may go tfrom me, I .=hali be richer without them if tb<y <lo nob . synipathiße with me in this .lee«>'ecu-i'.licn and grand ontbusiawn. When t heard that some men took ProUs tnnt money and prao'tiwd PopiVi trick*, I ' sat down actonlsiied. It is a mo:il un.:i.fin able paradox ; it is a mort blasphemous irony. I do join In the cry, when im properly timed, "No Popery." There la a sense in which we all disavow it. That ' is the sease in which we woirid limit a teacher of ..the popiah religion and forbid ■him to teach his dogmas and practise h;< ceremonies under State penalty. Nothing ' of tbe kind. Let every man have the ' fullest liberty to expound bis prinoiptos and to practise tola ritual, but I say, " No Popery in Protestantism." W-hen I sty. "No Popery" I am not condemning th) Pope ; but I am condemning men who, tak ing Protestant money, are serving pop si ends. 1 accuse many of tbe so-callcri Church of England of doing this v?rv thing. 1 cannot give them credit for be'ng honest men. I 'believe that such kind? or practice begets a species of conscience that deals casuistically with itself. lam will ing to make all allowances in that direction, but Protestantism is one thing and popery is another, and we must broadly dlzilsffulffh between the two. We must be either tho one thing or the other. - I can respect An honest Papist, I can respect au honest - Puritan, but. I. cannot respect a man wbo. ■• tries to >be both at one and. the same time. We must take* great care how we conduct, ourselves along those lines, for tbey are most delicate. There may be a Nonconformist ritualism, there may be a dissenting sacredolalraai. I see you hastening away from Ihu Ma? . meetings that you might be down 'o your ohurch in the country in time, as \'a.e com mon phrase is—l know not whsuee it come—"To administer the Lord's Sapper." My dear sir, do not administer it. lif it be a question of order, so far so goo.l, and right and proper, and it may be, >n vaany cases, almost essential for the baipp? work ing of things. I am speaking about the principle, not about the occasion, ov &n; -incidental feature and circumstance. Dot " would that all the Lord's people wre prophets !" I know the day shall wrac, I know tbat some persons might g?: into the pulpit who would have no business to be there, but I, having stood before the people fifty odd years as a preacher, can truart the people. They know who's who. They know whether this man cane s :n by the front door, fc or the back door, or by some postern gate. They know, anil they are as cruel as righteousness. The people are the <best guardian's of our ;n*'i*ii':dno 