DUB SCIENTIFIC LETTER. (From our Correspondent.) NEW YORK, August 28. Phantom Sounds. Phantom, sounds have been a subject of prolonged inquiry by aii English in vestigator, Mr John it Bacon, who finds tliat they are often purely imaginary and due to an overstrained or fatigued con dition of ear or inind, wliil^ in other caste vague and indistinct noises aver wrongly interpreted. In this way may be ex plained most of the mvsterions roar of artillery from no earthly guns, boom of \£pvcs n. day's journey from the sea, and tolling of bells in the heart of the moun tain. A practical old soldier was inyeti fied by a weird night lament in his park, which was at last found to be produced by the rubbing together of two branches high up in on oak tree; and a coast guardsman on night duty heard the plain tive cry of an infant, which seemed to move about as he went from place to place in search of the sound, until this was proved to be the bleating of a lamb hidden by a rock. An intrepid balloonist lias described the awful impressiveness of the closing of the valve of his balloon after a discharge of gas. The sudden sharpness of the click in,the dead silence aloft, its unexpected direction, its possible connection with the aeronaut's fate, and the drum-like echoes in the tense silk, always tended to give an effect akin to the ghost-seer's terror. Anchor Bolts and Wire Ropes. < The holding power of anchor bolts fast ened with lead, cement and sulphur, has been a subject of experiment- by Mr M. M. Wilcox. Holes ljin. to lfin. in diam eter were drilled in hard limestone blocks about Gin. thick, and smooth, threaded, and notched-bolts from ffin. to lin. in diameter were used. After ramming about the rods the cement was allowed to stand 6even days. With cement, the smooth bolts resisted a pull of 108ft. per square inch of contact surface, the notched roda 3361b', and the threaded ones 5850). With lead, the results were 832, 460 and 9031b. respectively. A wire rope 3|in. in diameter was lately broken at the Royal Testing Labor* atory by a pull of about 250 tons, the full strength of the 1080 individual wires being 330 tons. Enamel Finish for Iron. Bright lacquers on steel and iron have been unsatisfactory, as they lack elastic ity and soon crack off. An enamel-like coating brought to notice by L. Sena is claimed to fie highly elastic and per fectly adherent, while it' is free from odor and stickiness, and covers the metal uni formly. It is simply and inexpensively produced by the following method. The bottom of a cylindrical pot 4s coveied with coal-dust^ an inch above this ia placed a grate, and the remaining space in the. pot is filled with the articles to be coated. The pot, closed with a tight fitting cover, is then placed on a high fire below a well-drawing flue. The vessel becomes filled with light brown fumeB from the coal dust, and after Its bottom has been kept near redness for a quarter of an hour, the carbonization is complete, and the pot is removed from the fire, but is kept closed ten minutes longer. The bright black coating com pletely covers the objects. Fluorine. The element fluorine is the most powerful reagent the chemist lias at his disposal. Its use has been restricted, however, by the supposition that it would destroy all apparatus except that con structed of platinium, lead or fluorspar, but M. Mofcsan has lately shown that vessels of copper are only slightly at tacked, a thin layer of Insoluble fluoride of copper being formed over the metal. Such vessels can be employed even for the electrolysis of liydrofluoric add. Air* Machines. Air-ship designers may seek a navig able balloon in thre»- directions—by «n imitation of the flight" of birds, by bal loons of various shapes, and by aero planes. Dr. Barton, of the British Aer onautical Society, believes ~the problem will be solved through a combination of the second and third methods. He has constructed such a machine, consisting of a cigar-shaped balloon, with a horizontal nnd a vertical aeroplane, and finds that the balloon may not only be steered, but has its buoyancy regulated without bal last or loss of gas. Wax no1. Waxy. A useful wax-like material which Is not sticky is made by Herr E. Schlie inami, of Hamburg, by forcing air through molten resin and paraffine; he gets even better results by using as oxidising agents not only air but nitric acid chroinates or permanganate of potash. Origin of Pearls. The origin of pearls Has been a mitcli ccnaidered problem—one theory being that they are a result of disease in the oyster, and another that they are a coat ing of nacre formed over an. intrusive ob ject to shield the soft flesh. It appears that both views may be correct. In a paper to the Paris Academy, M. Leon Diguet distinguishes between fine pearls and intrusive bodies coated with nacre, regarding the former as true pearls and finding that the latter have only the iridescence of the shell or mother-of-pearl. They occur between the mantle and the shell, usually attached to the latter. The true pearl is formed in any part of the shellfish except the mantle,, has no con nection with the shell, and isi a calcifica tion seemingly due to parasites. Unlike the pearls of intrusion, it is perfectly spherical. It begins in a small sac of hu mor, which gelatinizes and calcifies in a series of conccntric layers, and its heart is a cavity holding calcareous crystals and remains of what may have been the para cites provoking the shellfish's malady. Treatment of Consumption. The Uendel treatment of consumption, bow being eagerly watched in Europe, consists of daily injections into the bron chial tubes of olive oil containing essence of eucalyptus, thyme and cinnamon. The oil slowly descends into the upper part of the luugs. It saturates the air breathed with vapor,*and this acts on the mucous membrane as far as the air penetrates, tn the sixteen caws of tuberculosis and two of bronchitis thus far treated, lessen- . ing or cessation of cough and expectora tion was noted within a week or two. with a return of sleep, appetite and strength. Substitute for Tin. Gelatine has been substituted by Dr. Stohr, of Vienna, for tin in the tubes used for salves, soaps, etc. Colored gelatine can be used to protect contents sensitive to light, and the transparency aids in con trolling Hie filling, while the tubes are less liable to be acted on chemically than those of metal, and Are cheaper. Temperature of the Bunsfen Flame. The temperature of the Bunsen flame, aa determined by a new electric method, is 1820deg. Cent, of 3308deg. Fahr. Aluminium Railway Care. French railway cars as now construct ed, with most of the metal parts of alum inium, and 3,000 pounds lighter than the old ones. 