NOTES AND EVENTS. European Telegrams, Cressy Sheep Dog Trials, The Ashes of the Great and The Markets appear on our fourth page, and on our first page The Australian Eleven in England, and Notes on the Fruit and Flower Garden. The Women's Franchise Bill was passed in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday by 54 votes to 28. We are informed on re liable authority that there will be three votes short of the required number to pass it when the Bill comes before the Legis lative Council, and unless some of the mem"ers of that obstructive -body change their opinions by next week the fate of the measure is sealed. It seems to us to have been a decided mistake on the part of Sir George Turner that he did not accept an amendment proposed by the Opposition for referring the question to a referendum of the electors. That jwould have left the Upper House no loop hole for rejecting the Bill. Mr Mathieson, the Railway Commis sioner, has been asked it it was really a fact that he told the Age, despite the reply of the Minister to the deputation r« the Wensleydale extension, that be still sup ported it. Mr Mathieson denies it, so that the Age bad no grounds for the statement. Mr Baker writes as follows from Mel bourne:-"I have never found members and others at Parliament House more dubious about the Beech Forest railway than at present. These people consider the refusal of the Minister-to supply our shire council with spec'fications and quantities on which tenders were called a very high handed proceeding. They consider that the council has an undoubted right to them, and that the refusal is highly im proper and shows shameful hostility to the line. Tbe:Eailway Committee got the specifications and quantities, though they bad no better right to them than the council; in fact, at present not so much so, because the question is not before the Committee. Therefore, they can make no oficial comments on the line unless it is referred to them again. It is generally expected that it must come before them again from the House. but it is also con sidered by all I spoke to that the Ministry is killing it by delaying it, and that they intend to kill it. This may be saying too much, but certainly they show no disposi tion to push it on, and at the same time they don't like to drop it altogether." Mr Orpheus M'Adoo's troupe of Jubilee singers and Virginia Concert Company are announced to appear at'Colao on Wednes day and Thursday next. This is the best combination of its kind extant, and they have played with the greatest success in different parts of the world. The press everywhere speak in the highest terms of them. The Argus (Melbourne) says: "The continuous applause and the many recalls showed that the relish for the sweet, rollicking, and at times grotesque, negro melodies has notdiminishedfor undoubtedly the choruses were more heartily received than on the previous visit. The pleasing harmonies, the.variations in light and shade, form the peculiar charm of these melodies, and the audience were soon com pletely under the spell," The Sydney Bulletin writes :-" 'he M'Adoo Jubilee Singers are amongst the most melodious songsters who have ever appeared in Syd ney. I hen theyare comia they fillthe house with mirth, and when they are pathetic they compel a silent tear to roll down the cheek." In addition to the usual programme numerous scenes will be shown from "The Passion Play of Oberam. magau" bymeans of the largest and very latestkinetoseope justlandedfrom America. Referring to the scenes, an exchange says; -" he thieves are seen on two crosses in the centre is the cross of Our Lord Jesus Christ lying on the ground. The Saviour is placed and fastened to the cross, and so realisticis the scene, that one can almost see the nails pierce the flesh as they are driven into His hards. The cross is raised by willing hands and firmly fixed in the earth. The crowd are seen to mook and jeer at the Saviour. The inscription is then nailed to the cross. Our Saviour makes a sign for a drink, and a sponge is then placed on.a spear and raised to his lips. He isW ap to bow His head and give up the ghost. The scene changes, theheavens darken, lightning ash- , and the earth is rent with eruption.' The Minister of Bailwas informed Mr Forrest that the parpgrah .in Monday's Age stating that a line frOm Forr?st to Beech Forest wasto be rfrred to the Railway Committee was incorrect. The only one which the Cabinet resolved to send to the Committee was that irom For. rest to Barramunga. Fontr dairy farms on the Boisdale astate Gippsland, have been let at the following rentals-?wo at A1 3s, ono at A1 2s 6d, and anotbber atBls 3d. Agrasing area of 116 accg wea let af 165 per acre. Mooa-J Ja., Flyn and J0os. U5ar (directors), d Mr . F. Bartlett (leg managr), of the Uniom Gold Mining CoIn pany. acomnpoied lj 'A teperesentaliv of The fereld. visited Fitaim Plaing on Mon day I;t. - ,The tlatej;ihly isnspeied the undergcoahd' okln gs the Unimi mine. and the spoetanoel are as good si ever they weri, An enormodd amount of work has been'done in opening up ground reidy for pannellian. Gold can be een in the wash in several of thl faes. Everythiog seems prosperous at Pitfeld generally, which is growing into a large plase. All the re;ass are in full working ordet. The Birthday, at Berringa. hebajsterecteds new and more powerful engine for driving the bt'ry and the electric light. The cyanide pltt for the treatment of the tailings is nieiry ready, and the battery has been increased from 10 to 20 bead. The com ?any expect same big returns. Mr Wm. Kirk has secured Dr Wynne's livery stables in Murray street, nearly op posite the Fire Brigade station, which have hitherto been conducted by Mr W. J. Hampshire. Mr Kirk will still carry on the stables further down the street with which he hls so long been associated. He will keep a large contingent of horses and buggies at both places, and the require ments of the public will receive every attention. Mr Kirk is so well and popu larly known from one end of the district to the other, that be needs no introduction re rarding the extension of his business. The annual meeting of the members o the Polwarth and South Gre?ille P. and A. Society will be held at the Commercial Hotel, Colac, next Faturday morning at 10.30. o'clock, to receive the rnprt and balance sheet for tbe past year, and to appoint the oommittee for the ensuing year. A full atteadaac% of members is *e quested. " . William Hart. a railway-ganger, who was seriously'injurcd seven weeks ago while riding a tricycle along the line near Baddaginnie, died in the. Wangaratta Hospital on Friday. The accident oc curred through deceased gettirgeaught by a train on a bridge, and he was terribly mutilated, but there were faint hopes for a time that he would pull through. The deceased was a son of Mrs Rhymer, of Colac, and was one of the leading local footballers-in fact the beat-in years gone by. He was a most powerful young man. standing six feet, and was always a general favorite for his genial and unassuming character. His old comiades will regret to hear of his untimely end. The actual profit of the Colac Dairying Company during the last half-year was £1421 7s 9d, which, with the export balance due on the previous half-year's working brings the total profit up to £3772 7s. The directors propose a bonus of 5-16d to the suppliers, aLd a dividend of 7 per cent. A deputation from Geelong waited on the Minister of Bailways on Wednesday and urged the abolition of the. differential wheat rates between Geelong and Mel. bourne would interfere with tio shipping interest at Geolong. The Minister amid he could not give a definite reply, because he had received a protest against it from the millers of Wimmera. The other side would have to be heard. Personally. he did not see what Geelong had to oamplain of. Probably no more enjoyable gathering has been held in the Victoria Hail than hbat which took place on Tuesday evening last under the auspices of the Colac H.A.C.B. Society, the occasion being the anniversary celebration. The night was gloriously fine for dancing, and there was a record attendance-over 140 couples--the floor space of the hall being fully occupied. Visitors were presentfrom all parts of the district, including several from Geelong, andsome from as far away as Casterton, and the whole of the large assemblage seemed to vie with each other in making the proceedings pass off as merrily as the proverbial marriage bell. While this pleasing feature was predominant throogh out the night, it is no wonder that the general verdict was that one and all thoroughly enjoyed themselves. Care taker Walton had the floor in Ocpital order for dancing. The hall was tastefully deco rated with art muslin, ferns, wattle and other blossoms, and a host of flgs of different nations, the Harp of Erin, Union Jack, Stars'and. Stripes, and that of Aus tralia being conspicuously suspended from the roof of the stage. The decoratioS; with the exception of the flags, were car ried out by Mises E. GOiffiths, L. Bowley and the secretary within a space of two hours. The music, which was of a high standard, was supplied by Messrs Wm. Dunoon (piano), T. Minto (violin), Chas. and B. James (cornets), A. Hearn ('cello), and A. G. Kirk (piccolo.) Messrs Engleby and W, James, who divided the honors of masters of ceremonies, had an arduous task to perform, bht they discharged it in a most efficient manner. The catering was entrusted to Mr A. D. Whiteon, and he carried it out to the entire satis Sfaction of the committee and all con oerned. There was a plentiful -upply .of choicely prepared edibles, and ample justice was done to them by the large assemblige.- The supper was laid in , the-right-of-way, which had been suitably enclosed at some expense for the purpose. SThe good feeling that exists between the societies was again freely demonstrated, when representatives from the dift ferent institutions met together and Sexchanged fraternal greetings over a glass of . wine. After the usual loyal toast had been honored, the president (Bro. J. Fitzgibbon) proposed the toast of "Friendly Sogietips,' coupled with the names of the different representatives I present, expreeasng the hope that the bond of union that existed-between them would be cemented for ever. Bro. J. Daiaher supported the toast, adding that the societies were not only friendly in name but friendly in character and spirit, and Sthere was no reason why this should not always continue so; nothing would be wanting on the part of the Hibernian Society to maintain it. The toast was also supported by Bro. M. E. O'Brien, who expressae gratification at the friendly manner in which the different socreties commingledtogether,afeature,to, that was reflected in the large gathering that night, it being patronised by all classes of the community. Appropriate speeches in re sponse were made by Bros. A. DWhiteon and A. M'Leod on behalf of the Colao LO.O.F., Bro. W. Marks for ALNA, Bro.'. A. M'Leod for the M.U.,LO.OF., Br. T. Pratt for the Beeac H A.C.B. Society, Bro. R. James and Bro . .Gamble for the Sons of Temper ace, and Bro.k. TLebaen for the Ifrewillipe ILO.O.F. Mr B. James propoed the toast of the "Colac H,&.O.B. Society," ooupled with the name of the secretary, which was suitably acknowledged by: the latter, and Bros. Danaher and O'Brieu. ' " The Press" concluded the list. The gathering broke up at five o'clock on Wednesday morning, it bing admitted on all sides to have been the most enooyeble bald under the aupices of the society. . . The annual meeting of the Colaeo Bowli Club takes place on, Monday evenin_ next in the Fire Brigade stition at eight o clock; Tho business will le to receive the report and balance sheet; anIrdconsider the adp. tion of rules for the guidance of the club, The Geelong Timeesof yesterday supports a contention which we have often urged in these columns - regarding inflammable material:-" Flannelette, on account of its cheapness, and the many uses to which it can be put, is a material which fnds a prominent placo in.-the clothing of the female portion in most houses of the middle and poorer classes, but few are aware of the inflammable nature of the material, and the great danger there is in approaching a flame whilst wearing a garment made of that class of goods. A striking example was afforded on Wednes day mormng in the house of a well-known resident, which, but for the presence of mind of the lady, might have resulted it~etrously. She was iothoaetoffight ng te fi reand at the time w wearwing bnlouse_ ' flanelette. In reaching over the lse tTae 4l05y xwet b' mns e initad. and in C uaoadeat she s a kl~as of fiqnies. Fortsnaty tbtrs was a flam! •arxent hanging -bhid the firei ce. With great promptithde sad "Ct of and -smothered the- fsames, whihs had already obtained a hold of her hair. The incident was over in less time than it takes to write tise, but boi va wl dowe to bearthbo warniug In ntni" Now that the prospects of the Dairying Company are so encouraging e consideration should be extended te employds, many of whom receive a to emuneration. The present posit •or he company is due to good work an snagement, and as the hours are cea.?d to be long during the spring montha, "in o the increased supply, it would not e amiss to extend a reasonable ^'?ag so tho? ,who do not obtain it at the preZinto ti Our Plrron Ynlloak correspon write.:-On Saturday night It ont Pirron Yalloak and Nalangil Deb. th Society held their usual fortnithtly, inc in the Nalangil Public Hall. A the subject to be discussed was the uul one on %.Ladies' Night." tqwit, '"Should th franchiti be extended to women " q1oi representative gathering of the fair se 0f the vicinity were present, provinI that the subject chosen was rather a suitable one. Previous to starting the debate Mt D. M'gay, in a few well-chon remarkh referred with great feeling to the sudde death of Mr Thomas Vaughan, whom tdhe had all so well-known and highly re.- c" and as he spoke he noteced fcea of th who with himself had paosed a a k ppy year with the deceased as "e sel. mates." He was sure he was echoing the general feeling of the meeting when h moved that a letter of condolerce be for warded to the widow of the deceased, e pressing the soiety'e great sorrow at the sad event, and tendering their einc sympathy with her in her bereavemet, The motion was carried unanimously,. M'Kay then introduced the asrmatire side of the question in a lengthy and csm prehensive speecb. Mr Shillinglaw in e. plying for the negative side, hbowed no small amount of knowledge of his sobje and as a result each speakpr nas lo'dl and heartily applauded. Sev.ral ths speakers topk an active part in the dioe sion, and the vote resulted in 11 fo, an 7 against When it was proposed by le chairman (Mr Robb) that the lades p sent might also express their fe-ling cn te subject by a show of hands, all rere se. prised to find not one lady voted for th measure. Messrs Baker, Sydenham and Co. sn. nounce that they will hold their fldntn sale at the yards, Colac, on Tuesday, 12th September. A series of services for the people will be commenced in the local Bible Chri-stia Church on Sunday evening next, when te Rev. Mr. Lester will have for his subjec: "The "Christian Sabbath." The reverend gentleman will also conduct iervic. ae Pirron Yalloak at 11 am. and Irrewilips at 3 o'clock. Mr F. 8. W. Mawson, dentist, will pay special visit to Colac to-morrow (Saturday) 26th inst, when he may be consulted at the SVictoria Hotel till 1.30 p.m. The Colac Hospital received a gift last week from the Colac Ministerin? Children's League in the shape of a four-sided creeu, covered entirely with amusing and artistic pictures, the whole being varnished and painted, allbeautifally harmonising. Much interest has been taken by the members of the league in completing this gift, par. ticularly by the MlIses Fult.,n, Sydenhan and Elaton, under the supervision of MiEa Jessie Rae. We do not hear much about this little band of Christian workers, bun whispers of kind deeds, such as the abors mentioned, come to us from time to time. We trust many weary sufferers in the Cola. Hospital will feel restored in looking at the work done for them by the willin; little helpers of the Colac Ministerini Children's League. The Rev. W. P. Howell, of Birreganrn will preach at St. John's Church, Cohl, next Sunday, both morning and evening. The collections will be in aid of the Cols Hospital. The Rev. John M'Kenzie will conduct the services at Colac St. Andrew's Presby. tarian Church next Sabbath, both morn. ing and evening, and at Cororoeke in the Safternoon at 2.30. Mr Edward Tobin, ophthalmic optic:t, or doctor of refraction, of Melbourne, ill visit Colso professionally to-morrow, when he may be consulted at Mr Wheele?? pharmacy, Murray street. Persons suffer. ing from weak eyes should not fail to intir view him, as they can have their eight thoroughly tested. This may be the las' opportunity of consulting Mr Tobin, as hi Melbourne business is increasing so nrpidly that unless very special inducementi are offered he will relinquish visiting the country towns. Messrs Johnstone and Co. intimate that they have decided to erect substantial yards at Beech Forest and Carlisle River, where sales will be held on the second and fourth Thursdays in each month. The datns of the opening sales will be duly announced. Measrs Johnstone and Co. have also resolved to hold their pig sle? fortnightly instead of monthly as hereto fore. The next sale will be held on Tuo day, 5th September, after which the alltars tion will come into force. A well-known resident of Colac, Jama Dickason, was arrested on Wednesday by SConstables Beidy and Olney on a warrint issued by the Dua Cycle Company, cl which he was the local agent for soms Stime. The warrant stated that " at el. bourne he did feloniously steal, take and .carry away on the 28th June, 1893, the Ssum of .tl 14s 2d ; on the 23rd July, 153, , £1; and on the 29th July, 1898, 10, of the monies of Arthur Thomas Robb, Percy d Steine and Thomis Hunt, trading as the Dux Cycle Company," The accused, who is not in an altogether sound state cf Smind since the accident which befel him at the sawmill at Barongarook, has a wife and seven children. Professor Engler wns aup till yesterday treating him for st affectiot of the ear. The prisoner was laks to town yesterdry morning, and will appar at the Melbourne court this mwaiing. Mr Bockefeller, of the Standard Oil STrust, who has subscribed so largely to the funds of the Univereity of Chicago, des not feel inclined to be hoist with his osn petard, and has issued a circular to ea:h professor, warning him to be careful about expressing opinions " eoncerning contre varted qunstions of public interest" in sat way that might "involve the unirersity, even by implication, in such controverted matters." "In other words," wliles the New York Standard, " it any professor be: lieves that the Standard Oil Trust is * criminal monopoly that corrupts courts crushes out competition, bribes railway ofcials, and engages in other lawless sots, he had better keep that opinion to biosefl if he wants to continue to draw salary from the Chicago University." Some of oun readers may recollect the pressure which a ladies' college in Melbourne put upon the late Professor Pearson in order to compel him to resign his head masterabip, after he had expressed opinions upon political Isub jects which were not popular amongst tht classee who sent their daughtera to tbal institution. Mr Rockefeller appears doe rirous of imitating the policy cf the Mil: bourne Conservatives and following i» their footateps. The Darling Downs have of late yoen! attracted a great deal of agriculturel setlr] ment. -The fertility of this district an le history and prospects are glowin0'ly. ds; scribed in an attractive volume, entitled " The Garden of Queensland," the pubt lishera being MeEsrs J. H. Ibertson ad Co,. of Toowoomba. The work is i,;ued hb authority of the Queenaland Governmeott and is compiled by Mr Essex Evans. Th downs were disoosered in 1827 by tlb explorer Cunningham. in the days wheb Governor Darling ruled in New Saout Wales. and after him they are called. TI vast expsase of hill and dIle, moorllnd and plain, was so fascinating to the eye that Wir Thomas Mitchell, Sureery~or enoeral of the mother colony, said, "~eU may.discover another Australia, but .yo will never discover another Darling -Downs." The tableland is compuaed 15 contain over 4000.000 acres of rich b'ste, red and chocolate soil, varying froml 4 t feet in depth, and as the altitude is betnw 1400 to 2000 feet above the ses level, theolimate iP temporate. Until l?S a few large squatters monopolised tbs downs for their sheep, but of late years tbs Government has repurchased several rusi and the pastorlists themselves-reogt'eI ig t?hs land worth ££5 an are is to0 Tauabh for ihdep-haeb pated wi.th irat deal of their be'dinga to at.c) taristan4 the population of the diat(ic is about 50,000 souls. Wheat, srWsil barley and lucerne are grown, and dairp 1 and pig breeding are becoming impoO't industries. The portion of the dolas no" ander cultivation is 130.000 acres. 