Our Tuesday's Tale. A FIGHT WITH A GHOST. (Concluded from last Tuesday's issue.) We all sat up rather late that night. There seemed to be a gene ral disinclination to go to bed. We stayed all together in the billiard room until nearly midnight, and then loitered about in the hall, talking in an aimless sort of fashion, But at last Mrs. Carson said good night, with a confidential nod to me, and Miss Stonor murmured, 'So many thanks; I've got it,' and they both went upstairs. George and I parted in the corridor above. Our rooms were opposite one an other. 'I did not begin undressing at once, but sat down and tried to piece together some theory to ac count for the uncanniness of things. But the more I thought the more perplexing it became. There was no doubt whatever that I had put my hand on something extremely unpleasant the night before. The bare recollection of it made me shudder. What living thing could j possibly be creeping abont the house in the dark ? It was a man's band. Of that I was certain from the 8136 of it. George Carson wasj out of the question, for he was in the room all the time. Now, was it j likely that Mr. Carson senior would! steal about his own house in his socks and refuse to knswer when | spoken to! The only other man in j the house was an eminently respect able-looking butler; and his hand as I bad noticed particularly when he poured ont my wine at dinner, j was plump and soft, whereas the mysterious hand on the balustrade! was tbin and bony. And then,! what was the real explanation of j the face which had appeared to the two ladies ? Indigestion might j have explained either singly. Ex traordinary coincidences do some times occur, but it seemed too ex traordinary that a couple of ladies j —one old and one young—should! suffer from the same indigestion in the same house, and at the same j time and with the same symptoms. On the whole I did not feel at all comfortable, and looked carefully la all the cupboards and recesses, as well as under the bed, before starting to undress. Then I went to the door, intending to lock it. Just as my hand was upon the key I heard a soft step in the corridor j outside, accompanied by a sound which was something between a! sigh and a groan. Very faint, but j quite unmistakeable, and, under the circumstances, discomposing. It might, of course, be George. Anyhow, I decided to look and see. j I turned the handle gently and opened the door. There was no thing to be seen in the corridor, j But on the opposite side I could see! a door open, and George's head peeping round tbe corner. ( Hullo!' he said. ' Hullo!' I replied. 'Was that you walking up the] passage ? he asked. 'No,' I answered, 'I thought itj might be you.1 ' Then who the devil was it ?' be 1 said. ' I'll swear I heard someone.' j There was silence for a few mo- i ments. I was wondering whether I had better tell him of the fright I had already had, when he spoke | again. ' I say, just come here for a bit, ] old fellow; I want to speak to you.' j I stepped across the passage, and we went together into the little I study which adjoined his bedroom. I ' Look here,' he said, poking up the fire, which was burning low, ' dosen't it strike you that there is something very odd about this house ?' * You mean ' ' Well, I wouldn't say anything about it to the mater or Miss Stonor for fear of frightening them. All the same, scarcely a night passes but I hear curious footsteps on the stairs. You've heard them yourself, haven't you ?' 1 Now you mention it, I said, * I confess I have.' ' And, what is more,' he continued ' I was sitting here two nights ago half asleep, and—it seems ridiculous I know, but it's a fact—I suddenly saw a horrible face glaring at me from between those curtains behind you. It was gone in a moment, but I saw it as plainly as I see you.' I moved my seat uneasily. ' Did you look in your bedroom, or in the passage ?' I asked. 'Yes—atonce,'hereplied. ' There was nothing to be seen ; but twice again that night I heard footsteps passing—good God f He started up in his chair, staring straight over my shoulder. I turned quickly and saw the curtains which parted off the bedroom swing together. " ' What is it ?' I asked, breath-, lessly. ' I saw it again—the same face— between the curtains.' I tore the hangings aside and rnshed into the next room. It was empty. The lamp was burning upon a side table, and the door was open, just as George bad left it. In the passage outside all was quiet.! I came back into the study, and found George running his fingers j through his hair in perplexity. ! 'There is clearly one person too I many in the house,' I said. ' I think j we ought to draw the place and ' find out who it is.' ' All right,' said he, picking up i the poker from the fireplace, ' if it's anything made of flesh and blood this will be useful, and if not—.' He stopped short. For at that in stant the most awful shriek rang through the house—a shriek of wild uncontrollable terror such as I had never heard before, and never hope to hear again. One moment we stood staring at each other dnmb- founded. The next George Carson had dashed out of the room and down the corridor to the stairs, I following close behind him. For we both knew that no one but a woman in mortal fear would shriek like that, and that woman was Miss Stonor. * Down the stairs we tumbled pell-mell In the pitch darkness. But just before I reached the land ing below, where Miss Stonor's room was, I felt, as I had felt the evening before, something brash swiftly pass me. As I ran I turned and caught at it in the dark. But my hand gripped only empty air. I was just about to turn back and follow it, when a cry from George arrested me, and looking down I ! saw him standing over the prostrate I figure of Miss Stonor. The door of her room was open, and by the moonlight which streamed into the room I could see her lying in her white nightdress across the thres hold. What followed in the next few minutes I can scarcely recall with accuracy. The whole house was aroused by the poor girl's aw ful shriek. She was quite uncon scious when we came upon her; but she revived more or less as soon ; as Mrs. Garson and one of the terri- j fied servants had lifted her into her bed agrin. Nothing intelligible could be gathered from her, how i ever, as to the cause of her fright j i she only repeated hysterically again and again: ' Oh ! the face—the face 1' When I saw I could do her no farther good for the present I took George by the arm and led him cut of the room. ' Look here, George,' I said, ' we must find out the reason of this at once. I am certain I felt something go by me as I came down stairs. Now, does that staircase lead any where but to our rooms V George considered for a moment. ' Yes,' he replied,' there is a door at the end of the passage which leads up intc a sort of lumber room.' ' Then we will explore it,' I said. For my part I can't go to sleep until I've got to the bottom of this. Get the man to bring a lantern along.' ^ The butler looked as though he didn't half like the enterprise; and to tell the truth, no more did I. It was the uncanniest job I ever under took. However, we started, the three of us. First of all we searched the rooms on the floor above, where George and I slept. Everything was just as we had left it. Then I pushed open the door at the end of the corridor. A crazy looking staircase led up into darkness. We went cautiously up, I first with a candle, then George, and last of all the butler with a lantern. At the top we stepped into a big, rather low, room, with beams across the ceiling, and a rough, uneven floor. Our lights threw strange shadows into the corners, and more than once I started at what looked like a crouching human figure. We searched every corner. There was nothing to be seen but a few old boxes, a roll or two of matting, and some broken chairs. But in tlie far corner George pointed oat to me a rickety ladder which ended at closed trap-door. Just then I distinctly heard the curious half groaning, half- sigbing sound which had already puzzled me in the cor ridor below. We stood still and looked at one another. We had all heard the sound. 1 Whatever it is, it's up there,' I said. 4 The question is, who is going up George put his candle down upon the floor, and stepped upon the ladder. It cracked beneath his weight. He stopped. ' Come down, it won't bear you,' I said. ' I shall have to go.' < I don't know that I was ever in such a green funk as I was while I slowly mounted that ladder, and pushed open the trap-door. I had formed no clear idea of what I ex expected to find there. Certainly j I was not prepared for what hap- | pened. For no sooner was the trap door fully open than there fell— | literally fell—upon me from the I darkness above a thing in human J shape, which kicked and spat and j tore at me as I stood clinging to 1 the ladder. It lasted but a moment i or so, but in that moment I lived a lifetime of terror. The ladder swayed and cracked beneath me, and I fell to the floor with the thing gripping my throat 'ike a vice. The next instant George had stunned it with a blow from the poker and dragged it ofl me. It lay upon its back on the floor; a ragged, hideous, loathsome shape. And the mystery was solved. But you haven't told us what it really was, said one of the listners. The doctor smiled. It was the owner of the house, he replied. He had not gone abroad. He had gone to a private lunatic asylum with homicidal mania upon I him. About a fortnight before this j he had managed to escape, and, ] having made his way to his former j home, had concealed himself, with a cunning often shown by lunatics, in the loft. I suppose he had found enough to eat in his nightly rambles about the house. The only won der is that he didn't kill someone before he was caught. 