READY TO PERISH. Clarence Mansfield stood under the clour, autumn moonlight in a secluded »pot in Hyde Park, a homeless, hopeless, stricken man. He was filled with despair too deep for words, and ' the most bitter thought in his heart was that he had been brought to thiH terrible pass by his own mad folly. The quiet stars shone above him ; and the night winds sighed mournfully through the trees and amid the long grass as the despairing man moved slowly along, and then sunk upon a seat with a groan. A sound struck his ear-the hour called aloud by many clocks. He mechanically drew from his pocket a handsome gold watch, and by the uncertain light regarded its face. As he re placed the watch in his pocket a bitter smile crossed his pale face. " What matters the our V ho said uloud. The man was in that lonely spot with a fearful purpose-he had come there to die. Yes, in that solitary spot he intended to take the life that had grown an intolerable burden, too heavy to be borne, a curse instead of a blessing. It had come to this : he. a man in the first bloom of manhood, no longer wished to live. Disgraced by his own actions, he had no courage to face the world lie knew rather would he leap unbidden into eter nity, and brave the perils lie knew not. He drew forth a revolver.and placed it upon the seat beside him, where it lay with a pas- [ sing ruy of moonlight falling through elm leaves, and glinting on its polished surface like the smile of an evil spirit, sinister and deadly. " I am lost, body and soul," said the man, removing his hat slowly, with a wild thought of prayer flashing through his brain. He raised the pistol, and placed its cold mu/.'/Ac against his burning brow. " Hold. What is this t" The voice startled the suicide. He lowered the weapon, and gazed at the speaker in angry surprise. The man seemed to have sprung up from the path-way on which he stood, so suddenly had he ap peared. " Who are you ?" asked Mansfiold haughtily. " Never mind me. Who are you and what are you doing ?" "Why should I render an account"of myself to you, ?" asked Clarence defiantly. . " I am ft desperate man," replied the other, calmly. " Like yourself, I came here to put a.n end to an ill-spent life. Now, before we die, let us talk a little together. Moralise by the sweet, silver light of the moon. Why do you kill yourself? I do it because I am haunted by the everlasting shadow of past ill-doings, my dead past, as you may say. They talk of angels weeping over lost sinners ; well, they can weep over me if they have nothing better to do. 1 can't do any weeping myself. I once owned a mansion in youder uvenue. Now I stand under the stars without a shilling in my pocket. I saved sixpence to buy poison, but it must have slipped out through a hole in my pocket, and I found I had only a half penny left.. I knew it wa« useless to buy any with that - a half-pennyworth of poison could never make an end of a tough citizen like me, so 1 walked up here. 1 have that half-penny left. I'll give ib to you for a loan of your re"olver, for bad as my credit is, I don't want to die in debt to you. I'm not naturally mean. I'll die first." Mansfield looked at his new acquaintance in perfect astonishment. What sort of man was this to die with a jest, albeit a bitter one, upon his lips ? He uppeared about 35 years of age ; he was tall and thin, his hair and beard were light brown, straggling and unkempt, and his clothing were extremely shabby. His eyes were bright and piercing, of a peculiar light grey hue, and his long, slim, white hands were constantly in motion, betraying his nervous tempera ment. He constantly kept looking around him, as if he dreaded he knew not what. " Who are you asked Clarence, for the stranger seemed restless under his scrutiny. It was a blunt question, but two men bent upon suicide could dispense with ceremony. " I am Alfred the (ireat, Christopher Columbus, Napoleon crossing the Alps, the Ghost of Hamlet's father. Moral, anything you like, ' A rose by any other name.' What's the use of arguing over one's name at a time like this ? Let us study cause and effect, devote our last moments to something useful. The causei of my present condition are too much wine, too much card-playing, too much worse thun doubt ful company, and lastly, a big speculation in grain that went the wrong way ; the effect of all this being that I cau't stand it any longer." " 1 did not inquire your name from idle curiosity," said Clarence. " I was struck by the strange circumstance of your appear ing just at the moment you did-just when 1 was about to either put an end to my misery or plunge headlong into a worse hell than this." " There is no hell unless we make ib so. Look around you. Could mortal eyes gaze upon a fairer picture ? See how the golden moonlight gleams on the moving billows of grass, web with dew. See the graceful shadows cast by those tall trees, in whose branchesslumber in peaceful repose myriads of living things that have only obeyed the j voice of nature. They are happy, and, as someone says, ' Only man is vile.' All ray I troubles have come from myself. I never i tried to do right. You have not either, or you would not be here." | " I have tried sometimes." i " Did you ua.ly 1 Well, I didn't. Now, u9 I have answered your question, you answer mine. Why are you going to die «. I am a villain. I have been transact ing business for my father. I was sup posed to be smart, and, of course, trust worthy. Well, I got into all sorts of bad company, embezzled money, and thought I could replace it; then gambled to better myself, lost all I had, and, to make a long story short, I've been going to the devil for three years ; now I've got there. My father has discovered all, and I could nob face him, and ubove all my mother. I could not see any way out'of it but lhis. I fled from, home three days ago, and I've been wandering around ever since. My father is stern and strict, uml I've been expecting to be arrested every moment. He must feel ib terribly-and my poor mother ; I am her only child, and she luves me, was proud of me. Father would think nothing of putting me in prison. But the worst of all is yet to be told-a girl,a lovely girl, the daughter of wealthy parents, is foolish enough to love me. Poor child ! she has been living in a dream. It seems hard that she should have such a cruel awaken ing. I 'have destroyed everything that might lead to my identification, fo I can only hope that my mother and Lucile may never know what became of me." Ho stopped, unable to continue. His new companion took a seat, for he had been Handing. They talked on for gomo time, and were recalled to their purpose by the sound of the clocks striking ten. " Do you know I am very hungry 1" said Clarence's new friend. " Give me the pistol, and let me make an end of this busi ncig for it is useless to enduro more discom fort than is absolutely n cessary." For the second time that night Clarence had drawn his watch from his pocket. " By the way," he said, as he glanced at it, " this watch must be got rid of ; it has my monogram upon it. What shall 1 do with it ?" " Have you got a watch ? Why didn't you say so before ? Let us go and pawn it. We can at least have some Bupper, and not go hungry into the next world." " Why, this is childish. Take the watch and welcome, but leave mo iilone. Go ! l'erhaps you may see some reutoit why you should live. Good-bye." " No. In the first place I intend to stay wilh you to the end, and in Lhe second pluce 1 can't pawn your watch, for if I do they will arrest me when your body is found. Come on, you are not the man 1 take you forifyou will let a fellow creature die hungry." Clarence rose reluctantly ; he wished to get quickly over his fearful task. It might be that he feared his desperate courage would fail him if he delayed. "Come on, friend," urged the stranger, and the young man followed him. " Now we can talk more at our ease," said the man of many names ; slipping his hand through Mansfield's arm us they found themselves on a broader path. He talked on, and Mansfield was struck by the force and originality of his remarks, and varied nature of his information. He was both witty and well read, and seemed to have more depth of character than a casual observer would have given him credit for. " Give me the watch," he said,when they were clear of the park, " and meet me in yonder restaurant." " It is too late to puwn it now," replied Clarence, placing the watch in his hand. " Kot at all. You are unsophisticated, my young friend. This is Saturday night, and this is the \vi:ching hour when the spider, whose sign is three go'den balls, catches more flies than any other hour in the duy. Proceed to the restaurant, and I'll be with you anon." Clarence obeyed. He walked into the restaurant and took his seat at one of the tables. A waiter came to take his order, but he told him he was waiting for ufriend. Left to himself, a flood of painful thoughts came over him. The presence of his new acquaintance had banished them for the moment, but they returned with redoubled force when tie was once more alone. He regretted that he hud not carried out his terrible intention without delay,and blamed the chance that brought the other wretched man to the same spot as himself. While painfully musing he took up a paper that lay before him, the "Daily Telegraph," and among the " Personals " this caught his eye " Clarence M . Come home. All will be forgiven and forgotten. Mother is desperately ill,incl asks for you constantly. -Father." What a wild Lumult of joy and sorrow surged through his heart. Overcome by the tide of feeling, he iaid his head down on the table,and tears of penitence streamed frotn his eyes. Those tears were not un manly ; they washed away the bitter feel ings oJ anguish and despair, and left Clarence Mansfield a stronger and better man. Just as he conquered his emotion his new friend entered. He saw at a glance that some new tide in the nffairs of men had turned in his companion's favour. He sat down and silently placed a pile of money before Mansfield, and then ordered supper for both without askiug one question. Clarence understood the delicacy that prompted him, and, touching his arm, laid the paper before him silently, indicating the notice. " I am glad, from my heart," said the strunger warmly, pressing the young man's hand as he spoke. " You see, it was well you followed my advice. Vou will return, of course ?" " Yes, return, and with God's help try to atone for the past and deserve my father's mercy. And you 7" " Me ! Oh, I'll finish my supper and then go back and finish my work. It is no use for n.e to live." " No, you shall not. Come with me to Dalston. I shall tell my father when and how I met you. He employs over a hun dred men, and you are not too proud to woik for another mm at present, as you have no business of your own." The only answer Clarence received was a hearty squeeze of the hand, and in the piercing eyes of his companion he saw tears well up. Next morning saw both men on their way to Dalston. When they arrived there they went before Mr. Mansfield, and Clarence told their i-tory. The stern man was deeply moved, and in broken tones he blessed and forgave his erring son. He also extended a kindly welcome to the stranger, who gave his name as Herman Everlee. Mrs. Mansfield was very ill, but the sight of her boy's face restored her. Everlee was placed in the counting-house, and proved himself a valuable assistant - honest, keen, and industrious. He remained in Mr. Mansfield's employ four years, and then requested leave of absence to go on a visit. He returned, after an absence of four weeks, with his wife and child, the latter a lovely boy of six years. A11 his friends were filled with surprise, as they had always supposed him an unmarried man. " That is what filled me with despair," he said in confidence to Clarence. " But my brave Mary foughb on alone tilll had been here a month, and then I wrote and told her all. Since then I have sup ported them, and now I am once more a happy man. I have gathered furniture by degrees,and although our home is notmuch like our former mansion, Mary loves it, and says she was never so happy, and I believe her, God bless her." Soon after this Clarence also went away on leave, and brought back his bride, the beautiful Lucile,who had loved him so long and so devotedly. She knew his Btory, and was willing to trust her heart to his keep ing, and time proved that her confidence was not misplaced. He became one of the leading men in his business and social circle, respected by all, and well beloved by relatives and friends, an honoured father and a happy husband. YearB after, when the firm was known as Mansfield and Everlee, the partners set aside a sum every year. It was sent to a well-known clergyman in Whitechapel to be used by him for the purpose of assisting just such desperate men as they once had been-men driven to despair by the fruits of their own folly. The fund was u secret to the partners, and was called by them " Our fund for those who are ' Ready to Perish.' " 