CHAPTER VI. The clocks "were striking 12 when young Ingram reached "the second landing of the Pension Bannerman. In less palmy days the pension had con sisted of a single chalet; it had now join ed hands with a neighbor on either side. Wooden' galleries of communication branched forth on every landing, and one of these galleries had to be traversed by John on his way to his apartment in the dependence. The gas was turned down, the house silent—so silent that the tread of the young man's dancing shoes produc ed eerie fantastic creakings as he groped along the passage; his hand on the wall, and guided only by indistinct moonlight. "John, how disappointing!" The ejacu lation was Polly's. Lured by the night's fairness, the girl had lingered to watch lake and mountains from the gallery; an arm resting upon the balustrade, she glanc ed back over her shoulder into the black ness of the house. "I have wanted all my life to see a ghost, and you sounded like one." "And am myself. Disappointing, com monplace as usual." "Are you engaged? John Ingram?" "Not more than usual, Miss Erne." "Then, if you don't mind night air, you may stop and talk to me. I should not think it right," said Miss Erne austerely, "to converse at this hour with an engaged man. Her furred cloak -was thrown carelessly across her shoulders. The moonlight showed like a nimbus round her hair; it played faintly in her face. John advanced within a yard of where she stood, then stopped. He thought— the poor wretch's perennial thought—that she had never looked so dangerous be fore lie groaned aver her beauty in his heart. "Your notions of decorum are admirable. One likes a little novelty now and then. And so"—he looked round, as if mistrusting the empty gallery—"you are alone? Your charming evening has'come to an end at: last?" "The charming evening struck me at the time as slow. Aunt Theo and Mr. Ger vase were engrossed in each other, or in the tables. You had deserted me—the universe . . . my dear boy"—Polly in terrupted herself briskly—"vou have danc ed yourself into a fever. .You are pome granate. Where is your overcoat?" "Hanging up in the entrance-hall, of course." "Then you must have this;" and, dis engaging a silken scarf from her throat, she threw it lasso fashion over his, then knotted it there. _ "Ho need_ to frown so ferociously—I insist. White becomes your complexion, John; you look almost pretty." She wore roses at her breast, as I have said, and her scarf smelt of them. The perfume thrilled Ingram like a caress. Much though, he abhorred fooling, he had it not in his heart to repulse liei. . For, in his masculine obtuseness, John had not yet surprised the secret of those diurnal roses. "If I had a bad time, John, your mother looked radiantsMriwGervabe"—she felt herself drawn magnetically to the perilous theme—"made progress, it is clear, in Aunt Theo's favor." "My mother has a strong affinity for the Barber's Block. And it suits Mr. Gervase's purpose," said John, his face darkening, "to pay her court. Mr. Gervase has had predecessors." "And will have successors," Polly as sented carelessly. Then, with a swift modulation of key, "Cousin John," said she. "the word 'successors' reminds me of a shock I have had to-night." "Be that fellow Gervase?" " Be that fellow Ingram. We were chatting before the fire—Aunt Theo and I—when all at once, 'John,' observed your mother, without a note of warning, 'will in due time marry.' It came in the midst of some regrets for Mr. Wat kins—no, some pleasing little speculations as to our probable future. Well, dear boy. and of course you will marry, and • of course I ought to say I will be fond of your wife. I did not feel fond of anyone at that moment." ' John Ingram was untouched by the" hint. "Against his will the girl's personal charm held him enthralled as ever. The moral hold was loosed, the time for pretty am biguities was over. Three weeks ago a suggestion of jealousy had gone nigh to intoxicating him. "Women are never fond of each other,' he remarked callously. "My wife. When I marry, will not be fond of you. Better vou should keep anart—you_ and my wife." He seemed to take an acrid pleasure in repeating the word. "You would not add to the delights of mv fireside. Innocent little Platonic ffiendsbiD3 are not to my taste, and I don't believe in them. I must ha^e all or nothing." Pollv's head dropped. She let her clasned hands fall. "And vou will not—even be sorry for me ? John will marry, and afterwards— Aunt Tiieo has planned it all out—1 shall 1 live witn her in !3ath, on hion liill. 1' shall belong to a whist club, and, it I am lucuy; marry a general of U3. Are you | not sorryV" "I am—for the general." "You think i siiould murder liim?" "If you were hidden by" the right man —yes.'"' A sudden color throbbed in Miss lime's face, fcjhe plucked a petal from one of the roses she wore, pressed it a moment to her lips, then let it drop. John- Ingram looked on stonily.- Three weeks ago lid had snatched at the veriest I shadow' of a kiss—not now. The petal (lay as it fell, upon the moonlit floor. | "If you were bidden by tlic right man, you would go to hell smiling. You know it." Polly gave an uncomfortable laugh. "Your mental vision is quick, John. If the inhabitants la-bas bave—well, liave tempers like yours, dear, I should not smile much when I got there." Without answering, he possessed himself i of her left hand. Lifting it to the light, I lie examined its delicate, strong chiselling with bitter intentness. ^ . "A hand like that—exonerate me of compliments—needs no diamonds, real or paste." The girl flashed up at him eager eyes. "Paste—oh, John, can it be possible ? , Your ring—our ring—" she was be- j ginning. The lad put her hand away from him with a certain cold tenderness she re membered long. Then he took her scarf I from his throat: he hung it across the ' wooden rail at Polly's side. "Our ring ! As though you and I could hold anything in common ! Let us at least talk sense. That ring of mine which you w-ore and lost lies on your conscience, does it not ?" She assented mutely. "Poor lily-white conscience, why add to its burthens? Miss Erne, the diamonds were naste. No, don't thank me," inter rupted John Ingram, "don't make me a single sugared speech. I promised to show you a short-cut out of .your trouble. Here it is." "Yon promised — under conditions," stammered Polly, very low. "I was to say -to say "Never mind what. Your bead ached after I and my mother had left you last night; or was it your heart—I forget the letter of the legend? And you went down to the landing-slip, and as you stood there the ring fell from your band, sank into deep_water. "What more likely?" "You are cruel when you are most gene rous." Gervase was not by to counsel her. The betraying utterance broke from Polly Erne unawares. "Generous! I generous! My dear Polly, let fiction go; truth is lovelier. That ring you lost (when you were not in the society of Mr. Gervase) was a gift sent me with my mamma's benediction. Did yon know it?" Polly writhed under bis words. .Warped she might be by circumstances, "but her nature was proud and loyal, and pride and loyalty lay in the dust, ground small be- i neath John Ingram's wheel. "I think I remember, John. We were in Paris; it was a present for your birth day." "And mamma probably was not in funds. Well, the ring, I will say, was a good- look ing one. No better market for such wares than the Palais Royal. I felt filially grate ful. Wrote back my parent mamma a letter full of nineteen-year- old sentiment, and—. Y"ou are going away?" Miss Erne bad turned. She was moving j an irresolute step or two in the direction of the staircase. ! "Not till I hear the story. It does not seem, a very nice one." "The reverse of nice—&a; bit of life, my cousin, not of romance. Manama sent her beloved son his birthday ring, and shortly afterwards the beloved son, having card debts to pay, took the gift to a pawn broker." "A pawnbroker—card debts. You!" Her vision of John, good old bad-temper ed, ugly John, had been a vision always of virtue unassailable. At his confession she was breathless. "The card debts of a greater idiot than myself. A fool face to face with the per dition he deserved. The fellow, a parson's son, had been good enough to ruin him self in my rooms. I had to see the thing kept dark—above all, from my guardian." "And you paid the debts? John, it was fine." "It was nothing of the kind; girls don't understand such things. I carried my ring to a scoundrelly Jew pawnbroker and was offered thirty shillings on it. This is as much of the transaction as concerns us. The diamond was paste, like the maternal benediction, the filial sentiment. Requies eat in pace," observed John Ingram with emphasis. "And may all falsehood come to as appropriate an end! Good night, Miss Erne. I leave yon with an unburthen ed conscience, do I not?" He left her with an overburdened heart. Polly tripped off gaily to her attic room on the fourth floor. Did she not know that John Ingram was jealously watching her? Then, when she had locked hersfelf in and lighted the. candle, and thrown down her cloak, she burst into a passion of humil iated tears. "Paste, as the maternal care, as the filial sentiment had been." Was not the whole world paste? the whole slothful, easy, suffocating life she lived a falsehood? It seemed as though John Ingram's cynicism had swung wide the doors of her conscience, as though she were looking at herself from outside, scanning the dif ferent parts . she played, admiration and loathing of herself nicely mixed. After a long reverie, "Yes, I am like the heroine in a bad French novel," the poor child cried aloud through her tears. She raised her hands towards her tear scalded face, and the touch of roses arrest ed them halfway. Paste! Were not roses real—real as love, real as tne slip of paper which lay hidden in her breast? Trembling, she drew Mr. Gervase's note forth; she re-read it. A date only, two words, an initial, the record of some moment that had struck a new wellspring in the memo ries of both. But clould all the literature of Europe have said more to Polly Erne? Her lover felt as she felt, had forgotten no day of i the too dear past. And paste though the universe might be, a smile was on tbe girl's young lips when she fell asleep. (To be continued.) - 