For the Bairns. AN OLD FRIEND. In October, 1889, when cruising off Ihe north of New Guinea, we ran one day into a big school of whales, and lowered four boats. The bow boat ran up to a big one, and the boatsteerer hove his iron, but it drew oat ngain. This roused the, school, and before any of the other boats could get fast ther cleared. Just then I signalled from the ship for the boats to return and tackle another school in sight cloBe to the ship, Three boats got down among tbem, and the fourth mate's fastened to a big bnll. He sonnded at once, and the other two boats drew np BO as to be near him when be rOBe, for then bis mates would gather round and every boat be Bure of getting fast. This fellow was a long while sounding, and the officers in the other boats eagerly watched the trend of the line from the fourth mate's boat as it tore into the ocean depths. At last the huge bead of the stricken whale broke water. He was surrounded by many others, and the third mate's boat darted in and got fast to a medium sized one. The instant this latter felt the sting ot the iron he made a streak for the fourth mate's boat, which was still fast to the big bull; sinking under her be rolled belly up, with his lower jaw on one aide at the boat and bis junk (upper jaw) on the other, and crushed her tomatchwood. Of course the moment the terrible jaws were visible the crew sprang overboard, and by miraculous good luck escaped the fate of the boat Having done for one boat the whale settled down, fluke* first, to about thirty fathoms, and 'perhaps remembering that the harpoon buried deepin to him with the line attached came from the third mate's bo&t; be rose under her, bit her bowB off dean as far as the bow thwart and dived again. All hands at once sprang out of the boat, and had barely got clear when up.be oame again and bit off another six feet of the craft Then taking no notice of the two crews struggling in die water/te darted off towards the qply loose boat; that «f the mate, and rushing bead first at lier opened'bis awful jaws and made a eavage snap, but missed, his teeth merely tearing thfr ontside of the planking as the crew steroed her off. The mate, who stood his ground, coolly, watched the brute shoot bis bead right out of the water as be missed his bits, and then picking up .his bombgun, the officer fired a' lance square into the great brgp& chest- When the shot struck the whale .he was in a perpendicular position,, bis flukes deepdown, pnd showing the upper part of ,liis body clear out of the water. Two, or' Serb*b three, seconds elapsed, and the boinb wa beard to burst inside the migbty frame. -'-'Ifr shook him aorely ; he quivered and trembled, and then, throwing himself flaiton th'e-watfer,, he went into the agonies of his flurry, rolled over and gave up his creasy ghost - •: Meanwhile the second officer's boat.hai- effme np after rescuing the crews of the third and fourth mates' boats, and then the ^hief made a bole in' the dead whale'a nib (nose> for a towline, the lines were cleared, and *h» Was pulled by the two'boats to the ship.' Now, bere is a earionB thing. On stripping: off the blubber near the 'small* the' sharp spade struck against a piece of iron. The junk of blubber was hoisted on deck, and, it waB found :that the iron was one of bur harpoons that we "had fired into -that identical whale about twenty months beforewhen crnirfing off Wangi .Wangi in October,. 1887.' How could we prove it ? Yery. easily. Every harpoon is /branded with the ship'® name, and the boatsteerer, whose particular iron it is, also puts bis private mark on, so aa to avoid dispute by another boat claiming t© have struck a whale first The mate had fastened to^tbat same whale nearly two years before, as yon will see by thglog, in the Moluccas. The iron, however* •truck him too far aft in the 1 mail,' and just aa be sounded he gave a furious kick, which snapped the iron of ; the shank—a moat nnuBual thing. But then the blow was so sudden and of snch terrific force that' I suppose it broke like a carrot Well, be sot clean away, and jet, here off the north oE New Guinea, end in the Pacific Ocean, 180& miles from the place where he sot bis first touch of cold iron, and after an interval of nearly two years, befell fonl ofns again, and chawed up two boats to shc^w us that he bad not forgotten tbe unpleasantness that occurred in the Moluccas.— J. B. Carpenter, in N.Z. MAIL. 