woN oN A CRous, 'The nurse tells me you wish to speak with me, Quilter,' said iMr Tranquill, the clergyman, as he took his seat beside the bed of a dying man in the infirmary ward. 'Yes, yes, sir,' replied the man, in a craked voice. ' I feel I shall not last the night, and I should leave this world in a happier frame of mind if I relieved my soul of the secret that has been the curse of my life. ' At the age of fourteen I became apprenticed to a trainer at Newmarket, and, in due course, passed from under his hands, ' one of the smartest horse men I've turned out,' as lie put it- in introducing me to the notice of his latest client, one Captain Disbrow Dives, as sly-looking and, as I after wards knew to my cost, as through-. paced a seamp as eve disgraced the 'sport of Kings.' ' The captain had been on his beam ends for some time through heavy losses at cards, and on top of that, shortly before I knew him, came what to many would have been Dame Fortune's finishing -stroke-viz., his compulsory retirement from the Sr vice through being mixed up in some shady business or other ; but he soon found his feet again, for an old' uncle died intestate, and Captain Dives, as next of kin, came in for over half a million of money. After gettingtoget her a choi:e stud of 'racehorses, he soon saw the futility of plunging, and organised a systematic and offensive campaign against the Ring. ' Eventually, the captain promoted me to the position of first jockey, but during all this time he did-not assoc late with the upper- crust of racegoers. He never visited the paddock, but might always be seen hanging over the rails outside, watching his horses win in the most unconcerned manner imag inable. ' For five years nothing occurred to divert the current of our ' wonderful luck,' as it came to be called. But a reverse, bearing out the adage of the pitcher going too often to ahe well, seemed in store foi us unless we played our cards very carefully. 'The Clipper Handicap was to be run in a fortnight, and our ,hbrse, Radix, 6st rolb, a dark three year-old; which had been kept for this race,- was favorite at 5 to I. In our blind con fidence we feared nothing,. and, in fact, looked upon the colt as a regular top sawyer among the handicap, class ; but as the time drew near my belief in the colt's vastsuperiority lessened as some talk I had heard about one lower down set me thinking. The captain had plunged - heavily on this event, and, in the course of one of our chats about the race, I asked him-if it was a wise line to follow, even with a supposed certainty. SCaptain Dives always became fidgety when I threw doubts on any of his certainties, and after looking keenly at me for a few seconds he broke out with : ' Look here, now, Quilter, what do you mean by talking in this strain ? You're heard something; out with . it, man, for there is no time to lose. " Well, sir, I answered, " I have heard some ugly talk about Sir Giles Wackton's Geranium, the bottom weight, but, if there is anything in it, we shall soon know, as Sir Giles is not the man to let his horses run loose. Old Bridoon told me on the strict q.t. that Geranium has been tried good enough to give the top weight 71b., and then win in a trot. Of. course, it may be only a fairy tale, but it y best to watch and throw away no chances.' ' This had a salutary effect on the cap:ain, for after hurriedly looking up Geranium's form. he said he would await the development of events before supportmng Radix further. ' Nodody ever scanned the betting lists more eagerly than I during the next f few days and it was soon plain that a some astute person who didn't wish to e attract public attention to his doings was taking a hand in the game, and the captain began seriously to consider the advisability of hedging some of his bets a thing he never liked to do ; but three days Iefore the race the Geranium people struck a blow that just about knocked him off his legs. By working commissions all over the country they rushed the filly up from 25as to the position of a red- hot favorite in one day thus closing against us the last loop hole of escape, as hedging our money was now out of the question. ' I have hitherto omitted to explain that Sir Giles Wackton considered Captain Dives a personal enemy. They had both beeri in tihe same regiment together, and had had a serious quarrel over some woman, and Sir Giles had sworn to be revenged, if he waited a lifetime for the opportunity. 'The day Geranium was installed favorite Captain Dives came down from London with a face the colour of a whitewashed wall, and I could see by his manner that he had been drinking ai lot more than was good for him. After a long confab, he told the trainer to arrange for Radix being re-tried again early the next morning. The captain was well pleased with the spin, and, when the horses had gone home, came up to me and said he wished to have a talk with me at his lodgings, so as soon as I had changed my things I hurried over to hear what was in the wind. 'No sooner had I stepped inside the door than hlie carefully closed and locked it and drew a heavy curtain I across it, then he broke the ice with : ' Well, Quilter, 1 suppose you know I by this time I'm a ruined man, or shall be in a few hours from now, for you know that though Radix has won another trial, he did it no easier than on the first occasion, and that's hardly good enough. I've more than con firmed all Bridoon told you, so, bar accidents, the race is Geranium's. All the same, I have not abandoned all t hope oh our falling on our feet-that is, I if you will do what I wish. 'Now, look here,' be continued, I with the boastful air of a half drunkeit swashbuckler, 'I'mn not going :o stand still and be reduced to beggary, so just pay attention to what I am about to say. I've matured a plan that, if properly carried out, must succeed in saving i your money and mine. Hark now,t and let me get through without in- L terruption.' t 'And for the next hour or more he c was fu'ly employed, laying before me a truly desperate scheme, whereby Radix b should win the raceand save his backers s their money.' b ' The evil day arrived at last. My a first anxiety was to learn if anything had fr happened to Geranium during the last twelve hours; but, no, the betting told me that; it ,was fast and furious, the bookies refusing to flay more than 5 to 4, and old racing hands shook their k heads and declared it was an unheard orprice with a field expected to reach two dozen starters, adi, !'ost of them a bit above ordinary handicap class. SWe turned out of the paddock sharp to time, Radix being voted the i' gentleman of the party,' notwithstand s ing thevuirore over Geranium. While the captain was whispering me final in e structions, I happened to glance across the paddock, and there, right before me, I saw Sir Giles watching, as,a dog: would a rat-hole, the captain, in i'way that seemed to say, ' Go on, sir, you may give your orders, but I hold the whip-hand at last, and, by the powers above, you may expect as much. mercy from me as the falcon gives her quarry.' 'The moetfing look on that man's e face brought me up sharp, and before we were half-way to the- post I was as keen on the job as the captain. ' I won't repeat in detail a description of the race; suffice it to say we came away :ft a rare bat, Radix and Geranium well placed ; but I say from the first that the filly's jockey had' received orders to simply watch me, anid so close did he stick to them that he aggravated me almost beyond the point of endurance, keeping as he did Swith Geranium's muzzle just on a level with Radix's flank on my whip-hand., And so we went, Geranium's hoof. stroke beating time to Radix's. If I increased the pace the filly likewise im proved hem, and so we progressed in I this ding-dong fashon until a quarter of a mile from home, when I let Radix out for all he was worth, as I was not in the least afraid of his staying home. and I determined to make a bold bid for an honest victory. ' The excitement of the spectators was terrific, as Radix, pushing his'head well into his bridle, went to the. front as last as he could lay foot to 'the t ground. Forasome distance I was re joiced to see that Radix more than held his own, and that Geranium's pilot was hard at work with his whip, in hot pur suit; but the small advantage I. had gained was of only momentary duration, as the pace began to tell, and the filly came up hand over hand, my blood running, cold the while as.I saw her, nose come up level with my boot, and then forge on until we were dead level, head to head, knee to knee, in desperate career. 'Ttius we ran on locked together, Radix, game as a pebble, answering my repeated, calls on him- in the most e unflinching manner, until some, fifty e yards from ' the man in the box,' when I saw for-certain we should be beaten, r as Geranium's light weight must tell in t such a hard- fought-out finish. Could I have made a dead-heat of it I should still have held my hand and remained e an honest man, but fate was against me, and I saw Geranium steadily but surely drawing to the front, amid the frantic ally delirious cheering of her sup porters. ' Tlfe'time for action had arrived. I raised my whip for the first time during the race, and, with a scarcely percep tible hesitation as I brought my arm up, I made'my last call on-Radix for an extra effort, and, noble beast that he was, right grandly did he respond to it, for in the next few strides we were once more level, neck and neck, and the en thusiasm of the crowd ran higher than ever, but the dastardly deed was done, and as Radix got his neck in front some sir yards from the judge's box, Ger anium stopped dead, shivered from head to heel as with a cold, lurched for ward and dropped like a stone, dashing her jockey's brains out on the rails as she came down. 'As if changed by the wave of a magic wand the excitement and enthus iasm, born of seeing two good horses gamely contesting a race inch by inch, instantly gave place to the utmost con st ternation; and as I was led into the paddock, amidst a regular babel of questioning and conjecturing tongues, shaking so that I could barely maintain my seat at the thought that young Rymple had met his death at my hand, I saw Sir Giles Wackfon stagger out by the back entrance with a horribly hag gard face, and ere I could dismount the report of a pistol-shot rang out above the hum-of the suppressed con versation ot the vast multitude.ivith startling clearness, and I knew that I was a double murderer. ' I passed the scales safely, and the 'all right' was given, but for once a racecourse crowd was too bewildered to raise a cheer; even the book-makers were silent. .tA vet. declared Geranium haddied of paralysis of the heart, and the affair soon ceased to interest the public. I collected all my bets, but absolutely re fused to touch a penny piece of the money promised me by Captain Dives if Radix won. I look upon it as no better than blood-money, and froma that day on, I never threw a leg across a horse of his. ' The way the thing was worked was this : \When too late, he found out what a wonder Geranium was. Captain Dives determined, if he couldn't win straight, he'd pull through on the cross, so, how I know not, he procured a whip having a fine hair-tube of some light metal running through the" centre, with a powerful spring hidden in the butt-end. 'Taking up the whip that day I was at his rooms, he said : ' Now, look at that cat there.on the hearthrug.' Tnen he levelled the whip. I heard a noise as of a spring being released, aid almost immediately the cat rolled on its side, stone dead. I was surprised to say the least, and asked him to explain. Only too pleased at having aroused my curiosity, he at once took from his pocket a leather case, and exposed to view a row of pieces of fire steel, and pointed out that each needle, as he called them, had been daubed with a most deadly poison vwhich he explained would cause paralysis of the heart in less time than it takes to tell it alter the needle had entered the body or punctured the skin ever so slightly. 'Then he opened the silver circlet on the whip, and deftly placed a needle in a minute chamber, and smilinglyi told me the instrument was ready for use, once more. Still I did not fathom the purpose he had in view, though I divined there must be something in t the background, for it was hardly likely ' he wauld want to see me at his rooms r simply to show me this lethal toy; t besides, his manner was constrained, o as he was shy of getting to business, P and restored to the brandy flask too ti frequently to please me. tI 'At length, he went on,' Now, I'm in desperate straits, for I've not hedged a stivcr, and desperate men dare much on the off-chance so my game is win honestly if you can, but win; and and to win that way you must guard against raising the taintest shadow of saubl"ig, on the part Qf the onlookers. No, no,' he shouted,as I was about to object, ' I won't hear a word until I have finished. ' See here, now,' he continued, hand litlg the whip, ' take this, and use it when your judgment t. lis- you you cannot win. I should says you'd cut it too fine if you failed to act until you were less than fifty yards from the bor, anyway, it would be risky: Press this knob at the time I tell' you, and I'll guarantee Geranium does not pass th'e post, no, not by twenty yards, no matter where the needle "strikes her. Rem ember, it is our only" chaie,' and the stalke, £to,ooo, is yours if you pull it off, whether you . use the whip or not. What do you say ?' ' Well, I argued and hesitated and re-argued, going over the old ground a dozen times, but he was always pro vided with a 'spacious answer, until I grew weary of the tongue, and finiallyj gave way along the whole line of moral rectitude, and became the veriest fool that ever stepped, for from what little I could ever recall of the latter part of our conference, I believe, before we parted I, with all the wonted zeal of a convert, becanie for the time a bigger black guard and schemer than my mentor ; but I swear that the death of a fellow creature in connection with this bit of foul work never for an instant flashed across my brain. ' There isn't much more to tell. You see, sir, what a miserable wreck I am, and I daresay'you wonder how I arrived at such a pass. From that evil day an ill luck dogged my footsteps with untir ing pertinacity, -and, do what I would, nothing seemed to prosper under my hands. Perhaps the thoughts of the past had a deal to do with it, for I very' soon sought oblivion for them in the dram shop, and owners and trainers alike were not slow to discover that I was fast going to the dogs, and declined. to employ me ; so, what with fast living and mad plunging, it was not long ere the crash came, and I was notified that I had overdrawn my account. Then the downhill road at once became very steep, and in endeavouring to keep soul and body together I ran through nearly every gradation of employment, every situation being lower than the preceding one-in fact, my life might be styled : From leading jockey to sandwicli-man'; and just. before the old man, whose breath had been gradually getting shorter, gave up the ghost, he' added, ' and all through winning on a cross.' 