THE WEAPONS OF MYSTERY. BY JOSEPH HOCKING. Author of "All Men are Liars," "The Story of Andrew Fairfax," &c.; CHAPTER XV.—BEGINNING TO SEARCH. No sooner did I begin to feel freed from Voltaire's power than I began to exert rhy seif to find Kaffar, if, indeed, he were to be found. There was much in my favour. 1 possessed-freedom; I had plenty of money; I had plenty of time. On the other hand, there was much against me. Was he alive? Were Voltaire's words true? Had I in my Djesmerie condition yielded to his will in such a degree as to "kill the wily Egyptian and hurl him in the pond? Again, if lie , were alive, where was he? Who' could ' tell? Supposing he had gone to Egypt, how could I lind him? Possibly he had a thousand haunts unknown to me. I determined to go to Yorkshire, and soon found myself within the hospitable walls of Temple Hall. The house was very quiet, however, for which I was very glad. I wanted to talk quietly with Tom: I wanted to investigate tne whole matter. When I had finished telling Tom. , my story, he seemed perfectly astounded, "What, Justin!" he exclaimed, "no you mean to say that the villain used such means to get you out of his road and win Miss Forrest for himself?" "I felt he was unscrupulous when I first met him," I replied. "I am sure he guessed my secret, and determined to get me out of the way by fair means or by foul." We talked long concerning the matter; we tried to recall all that had been said and done; but, in spite of ail, we could not hit upon any plan of action. "Do you think she will marry Voltaire," I said, after a short silence, "if 1 cannot find Kaffar or prove that he is alive?" "I am sure she will, Justin. Never did T meet with any one who lias a higher sense of honour than she. 1 believe she would rather die than do a mean thing." "And yet," I said, wearily, "I am almost . certain 1 did not kill Kaffar. I can re member nothing distinctly, and yet I have the consciousness that I never struck him a blow." "And I, too, am sure you did not do this, •Justin," replied Tom. "I felt that he •was acting, in spite of the terrible evi dence against you. But what is the use? If you cannot find the Egyptian, he will marry Miss Forrest, and after that—well, all seems hopeless." "It shall not be hopeless," I said. "If he is alive, he shall be found, and I will bring him back, and she shall see him." "Ah, yes; and that reminds me, Justin, she bade me tell you that she would be in her own home at Kensington until after the next new year." . This made me joyful in spite of every thing. She still had an interest in me; she still believed me innocent. "By the way, Tom," I said, after another short silence, "have you found out anything in relation to the- ghost which appeared here during my visit?" "Nothing definite. Stay, I forgot. Simon Slowden said he had something par ticular to tell you when you came to Yorkshire again. I asked him the sub ject of this 'something particular,' and lie said it was about the ghost. I tried to make him explain further, but could not." "I'll sec Simon at once," I said. "I cannot afford to let anything pass without examining it. Any little thing might give a clue to the mystery." I sought Simon in the stable-yard, and found him as grim and platonic as ever. "Glad to see yer honour," said Simon, (hastily. "I've made up my miud scores of times to write a letter, 'but I hey had sieli had luck wi' letters, that I 'adn't the necssary quantity o' pluck, you know." "Bad luck with your letters, Simon? How?" • "Why, yer see, yer honour, after fhe doctor experimented on me by waecinatin' me agin' smallpox, cholera, and the measles, together wi' 'oopin' cough, and several baby complaints as ev' a hinjurious effect upon people as 'ev cut their wisdom -teeth, you knew, as I -told yer honour that I caught than ere werry disease of smallpox which spilcy my beauty for ever. Well, as I told yer Aan'tkg ago, I went to the 'ousemaid for aYnite o' comfort, and catches 'er a courtim wi' the coachman. So I goes 'oine, and I sViys I'll write 'er a letter as would charm a dead, duck in a saucepan. So I begins my letter this 3'er way—'My dear est dear,' I says, 'times es bad, and people be glad to catch anything; so I, thinkin' smallpox better than nothin', catched that. Forgive me, and I'll never do so no more. I'm cryin' all the day, ae though I j got my 1'ivin' "wi' ,%-ldnnin' onions. Believe me, my dear, or my feelin's will be too J much for me. They be fjllin' me faster 'n I can dispose of 'ein; and if you don't leave that 'ere coachman and smile on me, I shall either go up like a balloon, or else there'll be a ease of combustion.' I ■went on in that 'ere style, yer know, thiifkiu' she'd melt like a h'yster in a fryin'-pau, but she didn't; and the nest tiling I hears wus that the coaehinan \vur at the willage alehouse readin' my letter. Siuce then I've guv up the tender passion and guv up wri itin' letters." "Well, you have had bad luck, Simon; but peihaps you'll be more fortunate next time. Mr. Temple tells me you have something to tell me about -the ghost. What is it?" "You ain't a-seen that 'ere binfidel wil lain since he went away from 'ere, Mr. Blake, have 'ee ?" "I saw him in. Hyde Park one day, but have never spoken to him." "Well, I'm in a fog." "In a fog! How?" "Why, I can't understand a bit why that 'ere ghost wur a got up." "You think it was got up, then?" "Certain of it, yer honour." "Well, (tell us about it." "Well, stir, after you left all of a hurry like, we liad a big party in the house, and all the servants 'ad to-'elp; and no sooner did I git in that 'ere house that I beginned to put two and two together, and then I see a hindiwidual that I beginned to think wur mighty, like that 'ere ghost." "And who was that?" "Why,_ that 'ere haneienfc wirgin, Miss Staggles." "All, what then?" "Well, I heard somebody teUin' her as 'ow you were gone to London, and I thought she looked mighty pleased. After dinner, J see her come out of the drawin' room, an' go away by herself, and I thought I'd watch. She went up to her room, yer honour, and I got in a convenient place for watchin' her when she comes out. She weren't a minnit afore she were out, Mr. Blake, a-carryin' somethin' in her hands. She looks curiously 'round, and then I see her make straight for your bedroom door, aud goes into your room. In a minnit more she comes out, with nothin' in her hands. So then I says to myself, 'She's deposited some o' her combustible matter in Mir. Blake's room.' '< "ft was a bold and dangerous thing tti do, yer honour, but I goes into your room: and looks arotad. Everything seems right. Then I looks and sees that the drawer of the wardrobe aiiit quite shut, so I takes a step forward and peeps in." "And what aid you see?" "Why, I see the tr&ppin;'s of that 'ere ghost. The shroud, knife, and all the rest on't." "Well, Simon?" "Well, snr, I take«: it. to my shanty, and! puts it in my own box to show you at- 'a convenient season,' as Moses said." ► "Ja that all?" "Not quite. The next mornin' I see her a-airin' her sweet self on the lawn, so I goes up to 'er • familiar like, and I says, 'Top o' the mornin'^Miss Staggles.' " 'Who are you, man?' she says. " 'As nice a chap as you ever see,' J said, 'though I am marked wi 'smallpox. But that ain't my fault, ma'am; it is owin* to the experiment!n' o' a waccinatin' doc-' tor.' "What do you want with me, man?' she said. "Why, ma'am,' I said. 'I'm young and simple, and I wur frightened wi' a ghost t'other night, and I thought as how you, bein' purty lianeient, might assist me in findin' things out about it.' "With that, sur, she looked «al strange, and I thinks I'm on the right track, and I says again, 'That 'ere ghost wur well got up, mum. I've played a ghost myself in a theatre, and I could never git up like yon did the other night.' " 'Me get up as a ghost!' she screamed. 'Man, you are mad.' " 'Not so mad,' I says, 'seein' as 'ow I see you carry that 'ere ghost's wardrobe, and put it in Mr. Blake's room last night.' "She went off without another word, yer honour, and the next thing I heard Tboufc hc-r was that she'd gone to London." "And why did you not tell Mr. Temple?" "Well, Mr. Blake, he didn't kiiow any thing 'bout ber evenin' rambles wi' that; 'ere kinfidel willain, and wasn't acquainted wi' the things that you and me kev talked about; besides, I thought as 'ow you wer, the one that ought to know first of all," 1 thought long over Simon's words, but could not understand them. Why should Miss Staggles pose as a ghost, even at the instigation of Voltaire? There could ho nothing gained by it, and yet I was sure that it was not without meaning. Somehow! it was connected with Voltaire's scheme, of that I was sure; but at the time my mind was too confused to see how. So far, not one step had been taken to prove whether Kaffar rvas dead or alive; and, although I knew nothing of a detec tive's business, I did not like taking any; one into my confidence. I resolved to do all that was to be done myself. In spite of everything, I spent a pleasant' evening at Temple Hall. We talked and laughed gaily, especially as Tom was pre paring for his wedding with. Miss Edith' Gray, and when I told Mrs. Temple how Tom had popped the question on the land ing at midnight, after the appearance of the famous hall ghost, the merriment knew uo bounds. It was after midnight when I retired to rest, but I could not sleep. I could not help thinking about this great problem of my life. How con Id I find Kaffar? How could 1 tell whether he was alive or dead? .After tossing about a long time, I hit upon a plan of action, and then my mind had some little rest. The next morning I bade good-bye to my, friends, and started for the station. When I arrived all was quiet. Hot a single pas senger was there, while the two porters were lolling lazily around, enjoying the warmth of the bright May sun. I asked to see the stationmaster. He was not at the station. Then I made enquiries for the booking clerk, who presently made his appearance. I found that there was a train leaving about midnight, which travelled northward, one that had been running some years. "Were you at the booking office on the day after New Year's Day?" I asked. "Yes, sir," replied the clerk. "Do you remember a man coining for a ticket that night who struck you as peculiar?" "What kind of a man. sir?" "A faieigner. Small, dark, and wiry, speaking with an accent something like this," I said, trying to imitate Kaffar. "No, sir, I don't remember such a per son. There were only three passengers that' night—I remember it very well, because my brother was here with me—and they, were all Yorkshire." "This midnight train is a stopping train?" "Yes, sir. It stops at every station from. Leeds." "How far is the nearest station in the Leeds direction?" "Seven miles, sir. The population ia rather thin here, sir. It gets thicker the closer you get to Leeds." "And how far the other way?" "Only a matter of three miles northward, sir. There's a little village there, sir, hafl sprung up because of Lord 's mansion, sir, and the Company has put up a sta tion." "And how far is the next station beyond that?" "A long way, sir. It's a junction where some go to catch the night express to Leeds. It must be eight miles further on. The train is now due, sir, that goes there." • "And it stops at the next station?" "Oh yes, sir." I booked immediately for it, and in a few, minutes arrived there. It was, if possible, more quiet than the one from which I haa just come; a more dreary place one could' not well see. I soon found the man who had issued tie* kets on the night I had mentioned. Did he remember such a. passenger as I de scribed? "Yes, sir," he said, "I do remember such1 a. chap; partly because he was the only pass* senger, and partly because he looked s» strange. He looked as if he'd been fighting and yet he "was quite sober. He was a funny chap, sir; one as I shudd'n like much to do wi'." "And where did he book for?" "Dingledale Junction, sir." "And he would be able to catch a train from there?" "He would have to wait a quarter of an hour for the express to Leeds, replied the man. "And how long will it be "before there's another train to Dingledale Junction?" I aslced anxiously. "Three hours and a half, sir." This was an awful blow to me. To wait all this time at that roadside station was weary work, especially as I could do noth ing. I found, however, that I could hire a horse and trap that would take me tbcrd. in about two hours. I therefore closed' with this offer, and shortly after drove away. . I felt sure I had made one step for ward. Kaffir was alive. The blunt York shire-man's description of him tallied exact* ly with the real appearance of the Egyp tian. Of course J was rot sure, but this was strongly in favour-of his being alive. There was something tangible for which •to work now, and my heart grew lighter. Dingledale Junction proved to be rather a busy place. There were' two platforms in the station, and a refreshment-room. I found also that Mr. Smith was actually re presented there, in the shape of a small boy, a dozen novels, and a few newspapers. This, however, did not augur so well for my enquiries. The officials here would not be so likely to notice any particular passen ger. Stilly there was something in my favour. Kaffar would in any circumstan ces attract attention in a country place. His appearance was so remarkable, that any countryman would stop for a second look at him. After a great many enquiries, I found that Kaffar, or a man strongly resembling him, had been there on the night in ques tion, and had taken a ticket for Leeds. He had no luggage, and what made the porter 111 attendance remember him so vividly was the fact of his being angry when asked if he had any luggage to he labelled. So far. then, mv enquiries were success ful; so far I miglit congratulate myself on malting forward steps. And yet I was scarcely satisfied. It seemed too plain. Would Kaffar have allowed himself to be followed in suc-h a way? I was not sure. On the one hand, he was very cunning, and, on the other, he knew but little of the means of detecting people in England. I took the nest train for Leeds, and there my success ended. I could find traces of him nowhere. This was scarcely to be wondered at. Leeds is a great commer cial centre, where men of every nationality meet, and of course Kaffar would be allowed to pass unnoticed. Then I began to think what the Egyptian would be likely to do, and after weighing the whole matter in. my mind I came to this conclusion— either he was in London with Voltaire, or lie had gone back to Egypt. The first was not likely. If Kaffar were seen m London. Voltaire's plans would be upset, and I did not think my enemy would al low that. Of course he might have means t)£ keeping inm there in strict secrecy, or he might have a score of disguises to keep him from detection. Still,' I thought the balance would be heaviest on the side of his returning to Egypt. I naturally thought he would return to his native land, because I had heard hitn sav he talked none of the European languages besides English and a smattering of Turkish. iviy next step, tneretore, was to return i to London, and then go to Dover, Calais, ; Newhaven, and Dieppe, to try to see who- i ther Kaffar could be traced. At the same time, I determined to have a watch sot upon Voltaire, and his every step dogged, so that, if he held any communication with Kaffar, necessary steps might be taken to prove to Miss Forrest my inno cence, and thus she might at once be . freed from the designs of the man she hated. No sooner did I arrive in London, how fever, and took possession of my easy chair than I anew Voltaire wanted me to go to him, and I knew, too, that a month before I should have had to yield to the ?ower he possessed. I need not say that did not go. My will was now stronger than his, and by exercising that will I Was ahle to resist him. Still, none but those who have been under such a spell can imagine what a struggle I had even then. God only gives us power to use. and He will not do for us what we can do for ourselves. For two long hours I felt this strange influence, and then it ceased. Evidently he had failed in his de sign, and, for the time, at all events, had abandoned it. Next morning, when I was preparing to visit Scotland Yard, a servant0came into my room bearing a card on a tray. I took it and read, "Herod Voltaire." "Show him up," I said to the servant. 