S ALL RInTSrn (tESER'TID.j THE BULLET'S BILLET. BY J. J. MORAN. B* lack aunders was in his element when the iMarntial Law was proclaimed whichl gave lhint and his Yeos tl;e power of shloloting sl?pecteld ebels nld burning daown llouses aind hlayltacks under thei pretence of search in,? for hidden priests- ita lass who were Saunders' p, abollmination. Ca:plain Saunders was his military title, but even by his own nmen--except in his Iiraiing-Ihe was more generally dubbed " Black Sntnders.o." The adjeclive could n.t Imlvr lualt reference to his complexion. which was a aI idly tint, or to his hair, which was of a Sanlly hue. But if you asked al ielsanlt anlywhere within a radius of fifty Imiles why he camte to be kno~wn a Black anulntlere, you nllllld have heard many a lit?ols tale of lthouse burnell dowll in tile deatl of night, of fathers anid brrtlhers shot itl caoll bl,,Id on ?tsuiciain , f being rebels, ontd of other outrages which tihe peiants hItiltatdl to rt'pea? in words. S?aumlelte was~ not happy. A priest was in the meiglbiurhood who always eluded him. Suu'ujat!'ismid :id 6t acent of lyisihiding-place ;nrl hurrtiel up to wrealk a rereuge wliih would be all the sweeter because he had ben Iaulkelld so long. But as sure as ie got wind of the priest, the priest got windl of l: alppiach, and hid fleu to anlother titling il:c ILeflc, Saunders cautn on the scene. '1Th. Calltin war not I.y any mrtans.a i..;r tt ltempereid or Illild spoketn gentle aii,t,.ld t; IIle language ie usedl on finding Lihe I.irtl ieainl flown wun of the hair-raising kind. It was eurious that tile mllle small t'l11t3 'e t oll hard two such men at the same timei, anld ihltd thenm for so long-Black int, ntro , with his boundless auti?ority andi "latiher allhloney, with a price on his head, Iitling in onie nook after the othller, visiting the sick, cotnolinlg the afllicted, and even on .kniidy mrnigr s saying Ilass in sorte l,,a'ly muounain spot, withl sentries ptosted in evelr direction to give warting if the Ycs came in sight. It wa.s Eoning intolerable to Sautlders. Th*o.litvers and mragiettat.e whom he met at tic: tounty oet-tin s twitted him on his f.iltleit to catch " ri'est 3lalloney," ant told .ilnn " hlis reverence " was more than a nmlil: I fr him. It was not by ailllny ens an ;ingerlie frdmie if mlind in which hie found hiltsrlif oll summer evenling as he rode Ioart" trom a county meet, the lnuauhter of Vtigl h Ite. joked hIm about lhis priest taut ing ltill ritining in his eas. 't It the fault if tllhose infernal pe'lsants, who would let t Ihir tullglle be cut out lather Itsh, tell where he is," he iauttered, as lie amobled along in the gatherion twilight, ful l ? yit- l half t doz,,n of his smen. It was a mntllw nlmounltain toad, witl a high wall of I?lk ou ,one sidle atlnd it .,ft bg ol i te other. " Ai hundred priests might hide in such a illce as this and never lie discovered," lie eclltillued, by way iof slve to hi wounded vamnity. " Gad. if I ever do iiscover him Ile Ilu ilted a lsharp corner of tile road, and to Ils astuishment ran full till into a ht. t ria(t whoe wats tacing tipidly along. Theln fullowed a st ing of oaths floutl Saun ders, quick iand spasmod. like the reports ,If it tepeatlig rifle. The pedestrian--a ttll, weilllbuilt, Ilhaundnumc man--hooked at himl it a- ; 05o',, nnts .-.- n,-i'nsta'ittrnmtt grnse'a-t i Two old enemies ihad melt at' It-U ck Saundets aInd Father Miahoney. undltllers was simplly incoherelt for siome nirutr lt, and while his pistol covered the nlirknly pienst he pranced alournd like a . ?S-Sl Ito ,(l yot-piir itotler-roast you tdic like ai d'g-yon-piriel- " 1I..tik you. Saunders,' ranii tile priest :tlmly. and withll a suspicion of a sumile at lth erxi:ilt etrlitionl of his captor, " J know I'm il your power. I uitt unarmnedl, although Itfort I left lly hIlling-place this evenllilng I was offered not onlyarnrs to protect mnyself wit,bt all illetl escort to see to ltly safety. I rejected both olfers--do you know why ?" "I don't know why, and Im't d----d if I care," cried Saunlders. " I've got you, and, by --, I'll give you twenty deaths before S you dlie." . " I'll tell you whly." said Father 'Mahoney, igrnoring the latter part of tile Cnptain's speech. " Because I am on an eraind of inmerev-such an errand as no Iluman being with a human heart would 'sto'p me from. Down in that glen," lhe pointed to a hollow across the bog as he spoke, " an old woman is dying. She has only one son, and ie is a poor imbecile. He nalne to me to day to say that his tmother wvas in the throes of death, and that she wanted the last rites of the Church at my hands before she died. She has not seen a priest for years-she will die a miserable death if I do not see her, anoint her, and close her dying eyes. Let me see her and stay with her till she is dead; let me give her a happy death, and save a human soul, and I promise you on my word as a priest that I will come back and yield myself your prisoner. to do with me as you please." If Saunders did not interrupt this speech it was because he was for a moment dumb founded at the priest's audacity. He had been looking for-him for months, bad Isworn every kind of revenge for being tricked so long, and now his prisoner coolly asked him to be set at liberty once more, to carry out another of his proseribed iopish practices! At last he found oien. " o TNo more presching cant to tae!" t'a .bhouted:?'" '"Let. her die, and meet yon :in- , n I';Sanonders." naid Father Mahoney, hadtly, .. ou 'pretenod to ie a OChristian; you are ;uanworthyof the name. The curse of a tost ' toul be upon you if you refuse me tlhia" \- lt was too much for Saundern. With .a string of oaths, before whichl his previous language was mildness itself, hlie tookcquick aim and tired. Father lMahoney reeiei and Sfell, and the blood gushed fotth. in a ruiddy torrent from his neck. S oaundere jumped from his horse and examined the wounded man. The bullet~ had cut through the jogular vein and had glanced off. The priest wa;s rapidly bleeding to death, nnd'tholtgh he could not spealnk, his wide-opllen eyes were tisxed uptln the Captain with a stare thLat haunted'himl for mtaty a day. f it fury died out, antd hlie junpedl upoln ll horse and galloped away, ftlllowed by his en.::: .. A" few mionute afterwards a yotill, nwitil Widle, nllint eyes, stole out fromnt behindl a ock Onwl lifted the pricit head. Tie utlaz ngU eyns turned towardsl him with t glance of trecognition, and thle ]ils Ilmrno(l slightly. ::n;iuck Suutdelrs lottt yeh-l saw htInm i dhrpgried his p'intol, to, "'-and the youth, 'whot wans viilcnlly demnntedl. piickel up, the fallen pistoltl an thrilllt it vitlin his r;'i ;,.u neat-." .tchbe it hurnle'd the Iln tllal li't d the shot! t -ut diti't take: yubh lan- come mqutcka-mte maittlier te naittta oni yi-LI. Sthe sez shle nuit'L die hlatlp if nlb doesnll't aee v?h. tjom- comni rnce ll'tellr e lwats yeh-faith. Danny wil zarry ych if ych dtl!i't come! "-and .anny, with a strength falr beypnd his appearance,lifted the dying mao's Ilodv on his bac?? and trotted across the bog to the glen; where he reached the door of a small hut; and dragged his heavy burden E through the door. The kitchen, which seemed to be the only I compartment the hut possessed, was half in I gloom. The fire of peat was burning low on th,: hearth, and a piece of candle, stdi n I the neck of a bottle lighted up a bedstead in t which an old woman lay, her eyes shot and her breath coming in quick short gasps. "I brought him, mother " cried Danny, I triumnphtntly. " I said I'd bring him, an' I t did. I t?mld yet, yelhd see him before yeh'd f die,. even if Danny had to carry him,.an'he I did." The old woman opened her eyes and en- £ deavoured to sic up in bed. " The 'priest, Danny ? " she asked, in an excited lwhisper. " Where is he-I can't . see him. Whete is he, Danny ? I can't see 1 -why doesn't lie spake ? " Danny etooped to the lifeless burden, which on his entrance lie had dropped on the floor. He lifted the corpse close up to the light of the candle. The old woman stluggled e again to rise, and this time succeeded. She 1 brought her dimming eyes nearer till within the halo of tre candle there were three faces, and she looked from the triumlphant. leering i face of her idiot son to thatLterribly calm, rigid face, with wide-open pycs, that he held up for ier inspection. Then, with a scream ,f horror. she fell back, and .there was a , ??aile?ln hi?lr? th -a,?liilh Danny must have' mistaken for laughter, for lie laughed too and cried " Ay. mother, Danny brought him-he towld yelh ylh'd see the priest afore yeh'd die." CHAPTER 11. The spolt where Father Mtanoney was killed was haunted. So ran the report, and the peasants fearfully crossedtl themselves as they retailed to each other how every night a glhostly light was seen on the dreaded spot, morving to a;nd fro like it will-o'-tthe-wisp, and smtte lwho had ventured near testilied to hay intg seen the lhad(ow of a titan motuing about;" thle etaugec light following hIti wherever he went. Elven the musat sceptical had to 'admit that thie report was true when they saw the gleam io tihat deserted spot. The spot was knownt as " The I'riests C{urse," and is so calledl t Ihis day. It was a bept to be dreaded, and pleople who had to go nIong this road after nightf.tll took a wide detour when they cane near " The Priests Curse."' Even the Yeos,. wlit affected to laugh at the supersti tions of tihe peasantry, gave the place a wide Although Saundels continued his depreda Lions amonug suspected rebels, withouto any di itniution of feroctty, it vas noticed that lie never took tile road where lie e had killed Fat her Mahoney. There was a story among his brother offticers to the effect that one night: soun aftertlhettuttler lie rudefortht to tecover tihe pistol he had drollped whell lie jumped fr ot his hoi se to exatline tite wounded priest ut that when he'appriaclhed and saw that strtange light, he turned aid.flcd, and arrived hi lis ql:lrters with A Itunttd look in his eyes and big drops of swveat' pouring down at unusually pallid countenance. He had volunteered no information on a point like' that. One night, however, when tLhe squires, otiieers. and some ,of the younger " bucks " of the county dained after a meeting, and when thle wine. and brandy Eet many tongues flowing miore glibly titan they slouldl, Saun-i drlts fotund hitttelf tile butt of some sarcastic conversation. lie himself had been drinking .....,. ra? d-was retailing in a bumlttilue fashion some ex iluits of the previous week. They were not exploits which even a soldier could expect much glory frot.l,fer they consisted of shoot iln and hanging Otme unarmned peatcante who were suspected of being rebels, and of treating thellir wives and sisters in a manner even less merciful; but tihe recitals were good enouglh ro amase himttself anI t[he less suber of his fellow guests. " Shotl, any. priests lately, Sauntels ?" queried a yobig sttire of herculean pro portions, at tlwhose elbow a lew empty bottles stood Its mute testimonies of the depth of his 0ota.tions. " Gad! I believet the last one you did for still says claes on the hillside." " He goes about at night carrying a light, does lhe not ?" sii., another. " Looking for Saunders, probably,' said a third, and a laugh went round the table at the Captrain'sexpense. " By .Jove! Captain. you do well to keep aloof from such a place." S:aundtrs had betn imbibing rather freely during dinner. and, with flushed face, lho now rose to his feet. " I have been taunted with fear of the place," lie said, looking the last speaker in the. face. " I am afruid of no tman, deadl orI alive, and he who says I ant a coward must answer to me for it." "Then I shall answer to you,".said the young squire who Ihad spoken first. " I will give you a test. It is now nine o'clock, anod it is an hour's ride to' the spot where you shot the priest. Will you ride there alone. stay there for an hour. and come back here, bring ing some token of your visit there. If you are not prepared to do this 1 alhall brand you as a coward, and will give you any satisfao tion you desire." " "A fair challenge!" "Now, Saunders, show your courage!" and similar remarks passed round the table. " It was a strange proposal, although maded in all seriousness, and everyone around the table looked at Black Saunders, and waited for .is answer. He grew sallow under his ruddy skion but replied- - a L,, ccept your tenn. Iw ill go, and will shoot you likena dog wheol comtn back.." "-But ihow shall we prove yol've been there ?" asked the young squire insolently. Sautders's hIandt went to hlis sword-hilt. This was a.inti`matidn that his world of lttnonr wouldl not be utaken. h'No figlting till you come back.Saunderds, saild an ld magistrat , good-humosredly. " You tllopped tile pisttl you shtiot Iltt rever encr with. I believ. Wtell. t,bbody tans bIeen' there since, so your pistol will be on the spoit. ling it 'ack to u.us-i?/swill be snfulicient token that yountsr Icen theiire. Saund ers tadeu no ittkwer, but, taking ntitllher g~ilp of blrandly. nslaggered out and ttounted his jloie. He tlisnlpeared into the I night, , an l:lhe 'guestid rettrtsied to Ilte trabli to manke a nighttofit, sad awaitl his return. It was a bright night. tndil aundert?, who w-as neicustNtoed tl bIt- ing acotntlatlltd ttl atI-I Sleastt ltalf-a tlitcn of his Yc, whilt I idit r out, had a rather un-n y fe,]inlg;-i ale rolitde ttll ahtt, tihe ,hal tsw of limIt f ad h Is homr e h,.ing r plrl ,nlul'led inl f·nlt les.tl," ;lllall Z- ! aggerated w (°l .h? on Tlhl e I eia lbfori I. ; in a- s bhcIir calteed alonigi. ( e' the d\ r, to ivte it u talU t r s -e iz , , hi m . to l it if s h : p ed t f rehtlwst as a i lli h 'e iit oltj if tlii be l ot bytisy i, pty at oai e., le-hcore wo ule self out. The loaly mountain read had never seemed so long. Still he half dreaded the termination of his ride. It came into sight at last--the sharp bend of the Eoad where he had run full tilt into the priest. Surely enough, there was the light, glimmering and moving about, that had given the place the name of being haunted. There was yet a steep incline to climb before he reacned it, and Saunders paused and gazed a long time before he began the ascent. The rocks at the bend of the road shut out the moonlight from the path, and the light which shone at the "Priest's Curse " was all the more dis tinct and terrible because the place was in shadow. " The Priest's'Curse " .-how natur ally this title now came to him as it did to everybody. " The Priest's Curse "-on him! Great drops of sweat burst out upon him as the recollection of the priest's last words came hack with renewed force " The curse of a lost soul be upon you if you refuse me this !" S"Bah !" he mattered at last, " how many curses have I got? Why should I think of them ? I will see it out." He rode on till he came within a Ehort distance of the spot. Then he saw, with a shudder he could scarcely repress, the form of aman holding a light. It was notthe ghost of the priest at anyrate, for this man was smaller. Perhaps it was some trickery after all-some knave who wished to frighten him by personating the ghost of the priest he had killed. If so, he should die, and quickly. Saunders got down quietly off his horse and tethered it to the stump of a tree that jutted unt from the wall of rock. Then, with his hand on hissword, he crept forward as silently as he could. It was a strange sight that met his eyes when lie came within close range. The light that had perplexed him and everybody was caused by a candle, stuck in an old fashioned horn lantern.. It was carried by a wild-looking fellow in rags, with unkempt hair on his bare head. Just now he was sitting on a rock, holding the lantern in his left hand, and intently regarding something i which the Captain could not discern, in the other. The Captain instinctively felt for a pistol, and found that he had left the dinner-table without providing himself with one. Then he drew his sword and marched threaten ingly up to the tattered fellow who held the lantern. " What are you doing here ? Who are you ?" he thundered, in his most authori tative tone-a tons that had often made poor peasants quake, and foretold their doom. i" e name is Danny-Danny Lynch," said the accosted one, looking up with a strange glitter in his eyes. " An' your name is Saunders-Black Saunders, that's kilt the priest and many a good man besides. No. don't come nearer, Black Saunders, of I'll shoot ye." He thrust forth a pistol in his skinny hand. It was at fullcock, and the Captain, who was 1about to use his sword, drew back. " Now, Black Saunders," said Danny, " I'm g!ad yeh've come at last. for I'm tired waitin' for yeh. night after night. But I knew .yeh'd come when I found id." " Found what?" asked Ihe Captain, seeing that he had a maniac to deal with, and watching with some perturbation the pistol that covered his capacious person. " Found what ?--the bullet yeh killed the priest wid," said the idiot, gleefully. " D'yel mind the night yeh killed him ?-well, he S?ae. goi n toec- my-mother:' D-anny,' ase she, ' I'm goin' to die. I haven't seen. a priest for 'years ' sea she. ' Surely God won't take me away without givin' me n chance iv savin' me sowl.' ' No mother,' rse. I, ' I know there's a priest hidin' beyant the mountain, in Tim Hargadon's hay-loft, for he sed M1ass there last Sunday. I'll go on' bring him to yeh," sez I. • I'll bring him though I carry him on me back all the way I"ll bring him dead or alive.' I went away as light as a feather and found the priest ten miles from here. 'Come quick, Father,' sez 1. ' if ye want to save a soul; me.mother is prayin' this emicit for God to lave the breath in her till you can spnke the words iv conmfort to her poor sowl.' ' I'll come as quick as I can,' sez he; ' just go back an' stay beside yer mother, me good boy, till I come. Tell her to keep up her heart,' rez Ihe, 'for no danger will stop me from goin' to her.' I went home an' tould me mother, an' we waited on till the darkneso was growin'.. ' ilebbe Father Mllahoney won't find his way over the mountain," sez I. ' I'll go along a hit an' meet him.' I game hack,; an' I saw sogere on horseback. I crept behind the rocks, an' I saw you. Black j Saunders, with this pistol in yer hand. I nsaw the priest, an' heard hi,n beg yell to let. him stay be my mother's side till she was dead. I heard you say, ' Let her die an meet you in hell.' . Ha! ha! if she's in hell,:you'll meet her there, Black Saunders.' Yeh shot I the priest, an' dammed toe mother's sowl." His voice rose to a scream, and his speech; which at first seemed quite calm and coher ent, rambled off into wild jerky sentences. liis eyes began to glow with a queer light, but they did not relax their stare from the Captain's face, which was now quite pallid. The idiot laughed. " I said that night that I'd kill you, Black Saunders, with the same bullet that you killerld him. I had the pistol, an': wan night 1 .i crept into your biarracks an' stole: the powdher. ' But I couldn't get tie bullet. I kern here an' searched ntglr.cafter night; :. I found id att last, buried in the grass there Thlin't I waited an" waited for yobu to come, eh'ire here now, an I'm goin' to kill.ye'h withi the pistol an bullet that killed hiin.T' Saunders turned to fly. The idiot pulled thi trigger, laughing gleefully thai while. There was a lood report, and Saunindera fel. He groined and kicked, and then lay ttill. The idiot bent over him an laughed loudly. :'" The bullet that killed the priest-yeltve got it back, Black Saonders," he cliedl, and throwing down the still smoking pistol and lantern, hie ran awiy across tile hbog, hi.i laugh sounding eerie in the still night. The dlinner party ivaitedll fr Sainders till daybreak, andl then went forthl to ilook for him. They found himn stoue dead, on theL it vry spot wchere thie light was -ieen which never ;iplpeared IgaieLn. (The End.\ 