A HORRIBLE CHARGE. ALLEGED UNNATURAL OFFENCE. That Bondi Sensation, SOME DISGUSTING EVIDENCE. A Crowded Conrt. Accused Committed for Trial, The hearing of the charge alleged against William Reid Gardiner, publican and licensee of the Grand Pacific Hotel, Bondi, and Thomas Lupton Smith, bookseller and stationer, of George-street, Sydney, of having 'committed with each other an unnatural offence at the Grand Pacific Hotel, was ad vanced another etage on Tuesday iast, when it occupied the attention of Mr Isaacs, S.M., for some hours. The Court again was crowded, interest in the case being very keen, Bondi and the eastern suburbs were strongly represented. Mr J S Larke, Canadian Commissioner, oc cupied a seat at tbe solicitor's table. Accused Gardiner is a Canadian. He hails from Montreal, There live his wife and family* Gardiner never corresponds with his wife. Mr Larke, no doubt, found the proceedings less edifying than a Christian Endeavor meeting, Mr J S Larke, Canadian Commissioner, looked at the floor during most of the pro ceedings. Never a ghost of a smile once lighted up his solemn face. Mr Isaacs, S M, strongly deprecated the attendance of people in the Court. ''It shows depravity when people come to listen to so disgusting and indecent a case,' he said. Still they stayed. They revelled in the indecencies disclosed, and occasionally showed their appreciation by chuckles and half-suppressed laughter. This brought a scathing reproof from the Bench; His Worship, as well, threatened to have the court cleared if any more each demonstrations were made. And it made them quiet. Afraid to lose any one detail of the ban quet of indecencies, they subsided into silence. The many prurient-minded women who had attended on the first day were con spicuous by their absence on this occasion. The severe reproof administered by the Bench when the case was originally opened, had borne fruit. His Worship, Mr Isaacs, to whose lot it fell to preside over the hearing of the case, by no means relished the task. Twice he left tbe Bench for a rest, and when sitting he continually rinsed his mouth with water, The hideous and revolting details of the abominable case almost made him vomit, Senior-constable Bowler conducted the prosecution, Mr Walter Edmunds, in- structed by Mr Poo'e, appeared for accused Smith, and Mr W J Taylor Appeared for accused Gardiner. THE CASE RESUMED. Constable Wil lam Thompson, stationed at No 1 Police Station, deposed : I remember 19th December ; I saw accused Smith on that day about 10.40 a.m ; he was then with a man named William Rice, and they were in George street, Sydney; Rice, said to me, ' Constable, there's a warrant out for that man's arrest' ; he pointed to Smith ; I said, 'What for?' he said, 'For committing —— with A MAN NAMED GARDINER, who is licensee of the Great Pacific Hotel, at Bondi, at that hotel on Wednesday lasi, 14th inst.' Smith said, * It is a mistake.1 I said to Smith, 'This is a very serious charge ; 1 am going to put certain questions to you. be careful how you answer me,' and 1 cautioned fctia in the usual way ; l said, ' DO YOU KNOW GARDINER, licensee of the hotel referred to ?' He said, ' 1 do ;' I fitid, ' Were you at his hotel on the 14th instant ;* he said, * I was on the balcony ; 1 have been to his hotel a conple of times ;* 1 said, pointing to Rice, 1 Do you know this man?' He said, *1 have seen him there 1 then arrested him, took him to Paddington Police Station and charged him by warrant, with committing with William Reid Gardiner an unnatural offence on December 14, 1898 ; he made no reply. Senior- Sergeant Sherwood waa present end said to him (Smith.) * Do yon nnder stand WHAT YOU ARE CHARGED WITH. He replied, 4 1 do ; it is false.'. To Mr Edmunds : Smith seemed quite quiet and controlled ; he answered all questions without reservation ; Rice was somewhat excited and noisy ; never heard any proposal made to Smith at tbe police station that a medical examination might help him. THE CHIEF CROWN WITNESS. William Rice, a barman, deposed : I am at present residing at 71 Market-street, Sydney ; 1 know the accused Gardiner ; I was in his employ ; I entered hie employ aa barman and ' useful ' on 6 December last ; I remember ^Wednesday, 14th December; in the aiternoon GARDINER TOLD ME TO MIND THE BAR. I saw Smith in the private bar at this time ; a little later Smith and Gardiner went up stairs; some time later I had occasion to go upstairs ; 1 went to his bedroom and knocked at the door ; THERE WAS NO ANSWER, but 1 heard a noise as if someone was jump- ing off the bed ; I called out to Mr Gardiner asking him how much were the large flasks of whisky ; i got no repiy and walked down stairs again. To the Bench ; I don't remember if I tried to open the door. Continuing, witness said, (-A little later Gardiuer came downstairs and remained some 16 or 20 minutes; when leaving he said to me : Billy, any time you want me, you'll find me at the other end of the balcony ' ; this meant the balcony on the eastern side of the house. GARDINER THEN WENT UPSTAIRS again; 6hortIy 'afterwards I wanted him* about ten minutes later— And i went onto tbe balcony, going through. the nursery? I saw Mr/) Green, a nurse for some people staying in the house, who spoke to me; 1 left her near Gardiner's door; I found 'hls door open and 1 saw A MAN LYING ON THE BED face down. [Here the witness described what he saw. He described every revolting detail in graphic language. His hideous evidence cannot be published ; it is difficult to recall it without a feeling of abominable nausea. Still, the court loungers revelled in it ; it was a banqtfet in which they delighted. Each and every detail afforded them undis guised pleasure. Faugh!] 1 passed on and same back a few minutes later. Gardiner was » The other man was sitting on the bed dressing himself. I left the door at once and went to the nursery, I WANTED TO GO DOWNSTAIRS but as the lager beer man was there wanting Gardiner, 1 went back to his room and told him who wanted him. Gardener said : ' do You Want ME Billy ? I'll be there directly.' ' I then went down stairs, Ten or twelve minutes later Gardiner and Smith came down and want Into the private bar. When I .went to the room they could have seen me had they looked. . When i saw them first their clothes were' dis arranged. They had a drink in the bar 1 spoke to neither of them at that time. ' SMITH LEFT TttE HOTEL that day. Next morning I said to Gardiner, I want to give you a week's notice to leave your service.* He said : ' You can clear out now.' I asked Gardiner if he wanted to know WHY I WAS LEAVING. He said, 'I don't want to know'; I then said 'You're a d—— d dirty b——and beast ! If one man — — — — — — — — — — ! ' To this he said. 'YOUR'E A B—— LIAR:' He walked into the dining-room and said, 'Here's you're money and clear out of my house.' I said, ' I won't take the money out of YOUR DIRTY HANDS; put it on the table. He did so, I took it and went to my room ; I never saw him again in the house. On the morning of 19th December last, 1 saw Smith in his shop in George-street ; I went into it by accident ; I did not know where it was liil I saw Smith ; he said. 'are you getting served? ' I said, ' I am.' To the Beach : I went in to buy some colored paper to make some fancy flowers. Continuing witness said : ' 1 said to Smith I want to see you privately ; He said ' very well/ He recognised me. HE WAS AT BONDI. I said : ' Were you at Bondi on the 14th instant. He said 'Yes,' I told him Gardiner had been arrested ; Smith said, 'What do you put me In a crime like that for ; could you not leave me out of it ; I replied, ' I can't help it.' I asked him to come to the King*street corner; he did so. He said, ' 1 must tell you you are TELLING D———D LIES I said, 'Wait a moment,' I saw a constable and told him of the warrant that had been issued against Smith : I showed the constable my subpeena. (Witness here corroborated the evidence given by Constable Thompson as to the arrest of Smith). GARDINER NEVER STRUCK HIM, When I gave Gardiner notice, no alter- cation took place and Gardiner never struck rne or laid any hand on me 1 never asked Gardiner for any money except my wages ; never said 1 would take £'2 to say nothing about it; when 1 gave notice Mrs Sweeney, the housekeeper, was ia the bar; vaw no strange women about the hotel that after noon. AM CERTAIN IT WAS A MAN in the bedroom with Gardiner and not a woman ; I swear Smith was that man, IN CROSS-EXAMINATION. To Mr Edmunds : 1 am a German and a native of Bremen ; Have been in this colony about four years and cave been employed in several places; have had employment as barman, night porter etc; my longest en gagement was as night-porter at a coffee palace where I remained six months ; one person of the two on the bed was lying face downwards, and 1 could not see who he was ; the door of the room opening on the balcony was wide open ; could not say it the other door was locked ; from the first to the second visit 1 made, about 35 minutes bad elapsed; told Constable Thompson .there was a warrant out for Smith ; It was tiy the merest chance I went into Smiths shop; 1 did not Know where he was to be found ; I did not know what his name was ; the description 1 gave and which is contained in the information says the man 1 saw IN GARDINER'S ROOM was of fair complexion and about 2G years of age. Smith is of dark complexion, and 1 would say, perhaps, SG years of age. I aoi positive Smith is the man I saw in Gardiner's room ; 1 have seen him at the hotel before 16th December. Tbe description 1 gave tho police is entirely wrong. Before 1 left I SPOKE ABOUT THE CASE to the servant in tbe house. I never in quired from anyone whit people had been in the house that day.- 1 asked Mrs. Green if she had seen a man go upstairs. 1 wab not looking for Smith when 1 went info the shop in George*street. I left Gardiner's employ the day following what I saw, but. said nothing of the affair to Gardiner on the Wednesday ; never had any quarrel with Gardiner. Have never given evidence in a caho of this kind before. Gave information to the police the day 1 left Gardiner's service. I have never been charged with any offence myself at all. The proprietor of & coffee palace accased me once of stealing a lady's purse. When I LOOKED INTO. THE ROOM /' I stepped inside the door, but they could not see me. A BREEZE. Mr Edmunds : Perhaps Constable Bowler, it woald be as well if yon sat down and left the witness entirely to ms ; he is now in my hands, Senior-Constable .Enwler: Bat, Mr Edmunds, 1 am here on duty, and—— Mr Edmunds : Never m nd ; yoa are con ducting the Crown case, and it is customary when one person U examining, for the other to sit down. Mr UaacB : YeB, it is customary ; sit down, please, constable Senior Constable Bowler squatted, Continuing, witnesB said: When I passed the second time I saw both men distinctly, ON GARDINER'S BEHALF. Mr W J Taylor : I was in charge of the Sd bar; the di tance from the passage to the steps leadin? down to the 3d bar is about 13 yards ; when Gardiner and I spoke about my leaving we were in the passage leading from the atreet ; Mrs Sweeney might h ive been in the Sd bar ; it is possible the could have seen and heard whatever transpired between me ! and Gardiner ; 1 was in charge of the bar, and when I went upstairs there was no one left in charge of the bar ; I took an action for Blander against the man who accused me I of stealing a parse; I did not take £4 to square the case. To Senior-Constable Bowler: I hold the I man's apology in writing for his having made that charge. By Mr Taylor : Tbe accused Gardiner never charged me with Stealing any scent or perfume from hiB 100m at tbe hotd ; 1 asked him to give me Bome Florida water, but he refuBed ; I may have told the cook that Gar diner rouuded on me aoout the Florida water; I remember a maa calling me 'A B——Y DUTCHMAN;' he was very drunk ; 1 complained to Gar diner and Gardiner told me to take no notice, of him; it was only a few days before this alteg d offence occurred. : Mary Elizabeth Green deposed ; I am a married woman, living at Dell View-street, Bondi; 1 remember 14th Decsmb.r last; 1 know tbe Accused Gardiner ; 1 do not know Smith ; I HAVE SEEN SMITH BEFORE ; I saw Smith on tbe Afternoon of 14th De cember lost; i first saw him going up the Stairs st the Grand Pacifio Hotel ; later i ? «w him on the balcony with Gardiner ; 1 was then in Dell View Street; I afterwards went baokto the hotel aod went to my ro m, Which is next to the nursery,. and is thr.o doors from Gardiner's. room ; when nursing the baby t saw the witness Bice come on to the balcony : I saw him LOOK INTO GARDINER'S ROOM ; be stood looking for nearly. a mi a ute ; then he went to the end of the balcony ; the next aiternoon Gardiner eaid to me, ' What's the matter with you ; you're looking very cross I said, 1 And well I might be, when yoa atfsXfyffig-to drag me into a thing I am innocent of* He then said, 1 1 want, to speak to you ;* 1 said, 4 1 don't want to have anything to say to you 1 was sitting on the balcony subsequently when Gardiner came up ; he said, 4 To tell you the truth 1 did have a Woman in my room j she is A married woman with four children living at Bpndi ; 1 conld not divulge fefer name aft ftft's IffMif happily with her hus band ; you'll have to stand the blame;' 1 said, ' I'LL DO NO SUCH THING ;*» he stiil further that Rice had asked him for i.% whfchhe (Gardiner) had refused 10 give him aud had ordered blm off the premises ; he alBO added 'that the German had caught him. in the room; he said, ; 'if you will take. this blame -on your shoulders I'll keep you and your child like a lady. You'll never have to work again, I'll support you always.' I SAW NO STRANGE WOMAN. 1 saw no strange woman that day About the hotel ; from the portion of my room I most have seen any one enter or leave the hotel. ' To Mr Isaacs; People could have gone downstairs without me seeing them, but could not go out the door To Mr Edmunds : Was about tbe hotel all day ; was down stair* once for about 30 minutes; did not know Smith's name. To Mr Taylor: He meant that I must take the. blame and save the same of the other woman ; a great many rooms give ac cess to the balcony ; waout for some time ; it was quite possible lor Gardiner to havo bad two or tbree woman ia his room during that time. Olca Sweeney, a married woman, deposed: 1 reside at 15 Bridge- street, Balmain, 1 was ^employed as housekeeper at the Grand Pacific Hotel at Bondi. Occasionally I made Gardiner's bed; 1 remember making Gardiner's bed ou the Uth December; on lhursday morniog, 15th December, 1 heard Hico say to Gardiner : 'I want to give you notice'; then heard Rice flay : 4 Do you want to know why V Did not hear what Gardiner said in reply, as 1 then left the bar ; heard no tic-ilHo; heard no rquest for money; Gardiner has not mentioned this matter to me since ; I left the bar because 1 could see a *tor:u was brewing; 1 have siaoo left Gardiner's employment 1 when X TIDIED K1S ROOM T ieft everything in order aud his bed properly made. Sarah Pryor deposed: I am ft widow, and reside at No 4 D--I1 Vioff 'Street, 13ondi ; 1 remember the afterno3Q of the Uth Decem ber ; i remember my daughr.er, Mrs Green, coming to my place on that afternoon ; leaw Mr Gardiner and another come on to the balcony of the Grand 1'acific Hotel; that other is the accused, Smith : .next day, 15th December, i met Gardiner ; asked him where wa«t my daaghtnr?; he said: That has nothing to do with you. 1 intend to keep her like a lady, as bhe has been used to. Go home and mind your own business. 1 said ' tvbat have you to do ff-ih that 1 * He made no rerly, Esther Graham, residing: at Cook's Biver ro*a, St Pete.s, domestic servant, co rubo rated the evidence given by Mary Elizabeth Green as to the proposal made to tbat witness by accused Gardiner. She corroborated llice'fi evidence as to tha incident of the s^ent, deposing tbat Bice had told her he (liice) had been caught by the 'boss' he p ing hims If to some scent and had been 'rounded onv by him. Constable Michael Roche, stationed at Bondi, deposed to having, in company with Senior* Constable Bowler, arrested accused Gardiner. lie corroborated Howler's evi dence as to the cenre»ation which tran spired at the time of the arrest. This concluded the case for tbe Crown, SOME MEDICAL EVIDENCE, Alexander HacCormlck, a legally qualified medical practioner, of 125 Macquarie-street, north, deposed, in answer to Mr Edmunds . 1 know tho accused Smith ; he has been a patient of mine since 13th November, 1801 ; be was then suffering from general debility and piles; I treated him for that; I examined him on 20th December last ; he was suffering from partial prolapse and hemorrhoids ; there was nothing to indicate that anything such as is charged against him had taken place ; such would cause acute pain to a man suffering from accused's com pliant. To Senior-ConstablQ Bowler: Could not tell in any case from examination several days after whether any offence had been committed. Dr W. U Goode, legally qualified medical practioner, practising at 159 Marquatie street, gave evidence corroborating Dr MacCormick's testimony as to what Smith was suffering from and the improbability of his having been guilty of ihe charge alleged against him. At this juncture, 5.15 p.m., the further hearing of the case was ad;oarned till Friday afternoon. Bill as before was al lowed for each accused. 