CHAPTER XXXI. THE OLD STORY. As soon as Charleston had disposed of his share of the gold, Trenoweth decided to deal with his portion. He went to the Victorian Treasurer and laid all the facts before him, and the reply he got reassured him. " Divide the money amongst the charities my friend. The Government could not claim it, and it would be practically impos- sible to find the rightful owners. If you make it public you will have a lot of bogus claims sent in and no end of trouble." The authorities at the Melbourne Mint were considerably surprised at the large quantity of the precious metal which was offered them by the islander, but beyond a formal question or two the surprise was not manifested. The gold was assayed and found pure, the regulation price paid, and the transac- tion ended. Various of the charities benefited by Tre- noweth's generosity, and a large sum was kept for similar purposes to be expended in Tasmania. Neither was Charleston a niggard with his new-found wealth. His tastes were simple and his wants, on Clarke's Island, few. The fact that he was now a comparatively wealthy man did not seem to have the slight- est effect on him. He was one of those few men whom riches does not demoralise It occurred to Edward at this time to try and ascertain what had become of the par- ents of the Nortons. He knew that Grey had no relatives in the colony, but he felt particularly anxious to know if the old couple who had been so suddenly bereaved of their sons were still alive. The " missing friends " columns of the leading colonial papers were laid under contribution, and in less than a week the advertiser was surprised to be waited on by the couple he wished to see. The story they told was an exceedingly affecting one. When intelligence reached them at Ingle- wood of the supposed tragic fate of their sons they realised the little money they could and set off for Adelaide. From there they started into the interior, and actually travelled as far as Mulwa station, determined to set at rest all doubts as to the fate of their sons. At Mulwa they saw manager Anderson, and from the information given by him, and also by the remnants of clothes and articles found near the skeletons, they knew that death had swept the loved ones for ever from them. The kind-hearted manager drove them out to the grave on the plain, and they had the melancholy satisfaction of knowing that at least decent burial had been given to the dead Broken in heart and with almost empty pockets, they managed to get back to Mel- bourne, where they were making a precari- ous livlihood. Trenoweth told them the story of the fatal expedition, as far as he knew; and he took care that the childless old couple should never want again as long as life lasted. He made a provision for them that placed them in an independent position, and he felt that never had he derived more plea- sure from the expenditure of money. The days went swiftly by after this with Trenoweth. In the society of Miss Ryan he seemed to forget all the troubles of his life, and he became again the happy youth he had been when he worked the Wheal Merlin and his life sky had never a cloud to mar its sun- shine. It seemed as if he had quite forgotten his promise to Mrs. Ryan to bring her husband and daughter back to the island in a couple of weeks' time. The old man himself, it must be confessed, did not appear in a hurry to return, and his daughter took an almost childish delight in seeing the sights of the city. She never seemed to weary, and she taxed the ingenuity of her friends to find her new places and scenes. How long this blissful state might have continued it is difficult to say, had not an untoward event happened which caused Edward to bring his Melbourne visit to an end. It was the month of November, and the beauty and fashion of Australia was gravi- tating to the Victorian metropolis to assist in the great racing carnival of the year. Usually staid people seemed for the month to be afflicted with a mania in the direction of horse-racing. They spoke of little else than the Mel- bourne Cup, and the universal topic of con- versation was betting. The secular newspapers were filled with quotations of the " odds," and minute des- criptions of the last fast gallop. One day it would be announced that the, favorite had a bad leg, and a thousand times more interest was manifested over the con- dition of that horse than if it had been the most powerful crowned head of Europe. The religious journals thought the time opportune to denounce in scathing terms the frightful vice of gambling, which seemed to have fixed its demoralising grip fast on the hearts of the people. Reverend editors wrote columns of these denunciatory articles, and then they actively assisted at their church bazaar and encou- raged the begging young ladies in their monetary assaults on the purses of the bach- elors. It was, indeed, a strange time altogether. For the period man bowed down in worship to the horse and forgot aught else. Of course, it was arranged that Trenoweth and his friends should go to the Melbourne Cup, as half the population of the colony was going to do likewise. A select party was formed, consisting of Barr and his family with Trenoweth and his guests. The young man, it must be said, took but little interest in horse-racing; and, had he consulted his individual taste, he would not have gone to the Flemington course at all. The weather for the great racing event of the year was all that could be desired, and the course alone was well worth going to see. The schoolmaster, used to the quietude of the isolated island, was driven almost be- wildered by the rush and roar of the mighty crowd in which he found himself at Flemington. He had never in his life seen anything to approach the excited multitude, and it took Barr a considerable portion of his time to look after his elderly friend. Trenoweth, of course, devoted himself to Miss Ryan, and was extremely assiduous in his attentions. The operations of the " Ring" at last at- tracteded their notice. They had been on the course for a little more than an hour when the brass- throated gentry, who make a living by " laying the odds," caused the pair to pause in their peregrinations. The Cup was the next race to be run, and it was on this event that the wagering was being made. The din of voices resembled the confusion that must have prevailed at the Tower of Babel, and it was quite incomprehensible to both Trenoweth and Miss Ryan, at the first. As they listened it became more intelli- gible, and gradually they were able to distinguish what all the shouting was about. One man in particular was particular for his brazen throat, and Trenoweth gave a start as he heard him called Simpson by a gentleman who had just taken the odds from him. Why he felt any surprise at the mention of that name he could not tell at the mo- ment. It was, as the reader knows, a man named Simpson who married Inez Jasper, but since that event Edward had met a number of people bearing the name. He looked at the fellow in front of him with considerable curiosity, and the more he scrutinised him the more confident he got that he had met with some one who had crossed his life. The face of the bookmaker was not a pleasant one, by any means. The skilled physiognomist would have no difficulty in reading evil in that face, and vice had marked it in no uncertain man- ner. He was evidently betting heavily, as he could scarce find time to book the nume- rous wagers which were flowing in on him. The description given by Mrs. Trenoweth in her last letter to her son rose up in Tre- noweth's mind, and to a great extent it corre- sponded with that of the man he was look- ing at. The difference could easily be accounted for by the lapse of time and the wild and dissipated life which the bookmaker had led. Then Trenoweth recollected that his mother had said that Charles Simpson was a squatter, or had represented himself to be such. It was quite feasible, though not at all probable, that the former squatter had, by reverse of fortune, retrograded into a book- maker; but it was still more likely that the Simpson of St. Columb's Cove had falsely represented himself to Mrs. Trenoweth and Inez. If his object was to win the latter it was morally certain that had been done to gain his point. He was so engrossed in his study that Nelly Ryan spoke to him twice before he answered her, and he had to apologise for his fit of abstraction, as he called it. He reflected that if Simpson were really the man he suspected him to be, his wife, if alive, would almost certainly be on the course. In a crowd of sixty thousand persons it would not be easy to pick out a single indi- vidual, but if Inez Jasper was anywhere about Trenoweth felt sure he would see her even if the crowd numbered more than a million. When the race was run the young man noticed that bookmaker Simpson appeared ill at ease. His face was decidedly pale, and his lips twitched nervously, as though something unforeseen had happened. For a wonder, a red-hot favorite had won and there was a settled gloom on the faces of a good many bookmakers. Their boisterous demeanor was now sub- dued, and it was apparent that many of them had been heavily hit by the result of the Cap race. Trenoweth and Miss Ryan strolled on to the lawn, and the young lady could not help enquiring what made her companion look so serious. He was fain to protest that nothing was the matter with him, but his face belied his assertion. They met Barr and the old schoolmaster on the lawn and had just turned away from them, when Edward came face to face with one that caused him to stop suddenly and utter an exclamation of surprise. Not ten feet away stood Inez Jasper, or rather Mrs. Charles Simpson. She was staring full at him, with a pecu- liarly sarcastic smile on her lips. She had altered somewhat, but not for the better. There was that indefinable expression in her looks which spoke of unhappiness, and care sat heavily on her. For half a minute Trenoweth returned the stare of the woman who had jilted him, whilst his companion regarded him with silent surprise. Then, when an abrupt apology for his conduct, he offered Miss Ryan his arm and, with a muttered excuse turned back with her towards the spot where her father and Barr were standing. " I believe I have seen ghosts to-day," he said, with a sad smile, to his companion. " Twice this afternoon I have been startled by seeing people I thought I knew, but it was only fancy." As the young couple turned away MRs. Simpson regarded them with an eager look, and remained motionless for several min- utes. Then, with a half suppressed sigh, she turned and went off towards the grand stand.—To be Continued. 