THE GEEBUNG CLUB.! (CUBOMCLED BV " M0S6TR00rF.K.") The adjourned mwline of the " Gee buncUes" ess bf-id si li e "Gig and Gluc- pot" on Mer^iiy evening as neuai. The r-'r- Volt-':. iiripr .'-!vd"ii,-4M=im the cbair, and there «B! s g"od nil. ndaiiL-e of mem ber*. The Secretary, Mr. S.iapaude, an nounced lhat be had received a com municatioD from Mr. Thomas Beau mont, in which that geDUemau laid claim to the proud distinction of being the Artnidale 'Express' poet. The letter also dealt with other matters which were eonuwhat confuting to anyoDe not an alderman. Sergeant Tooaneicke: What arc they P Mr. Digley Bonei; Perhapa tier ge»nt ToobdmcVb can interpret the matters! Sergeant Teoansicks: Perhaps. A few. Mr. Funny'onl: A phew ! A thou sand "phu»s!" 1 tnuvo that the letter be disinfected, and eetit out to aea. Mr. Hamlet O'Plu-lia: Which Cf Mr. Funnyfool: The t*o C s. Mr. IJatnlel O'l'bclia: The " T* o Sca«" i* a iragrAtit weed, Th«l ends jour wom in snuic. The '• Twu l'(' are a. good iudoeo, At hsU-a-crown a joke. It cannot be the 2>o?t tu&n; Ji. barking- «I1 awry, ' JUsintntTetft in SalvfitionV pku H»fc mounted l-wo Cft high. But oh ' aks: slack ' *h mc' 31c cannot get— Mr. X. Tress wick: On what grounds does this person claim to be tire • Express' post. Mr Soapsuds; Well, be keeps a large s.iocls^of "moral opiulonV «t home, and is particularly •' simple'1 in bis decency. Mr. Funnyfool : Ilis appearance proclaims the fact 1 Mr. X l'rceswick: Mr. President! 1 claim protoction ! Air. O'l'ossum ! You've been claim ing if elites ilfty.aU, and import everything you want 1 Mr. X. ProeHWick: I'll write fo the Chiu»>tci,k about this injustice. I'm a sisuncb, out-and-out, double barrelled, breoeh-losding Ireetccliou ist! 1 uovor buy homo-wade go ids unless 1 can't buy shoddy, and 1 wouldn't esck a faithful servant on a flimsy pretext, and employ any man tram this Colony unless I couldn't get one in another Colony ! Wbsl more do you wantP Mr, Hamlet O'l'belia: ll's a dot and carry seven weed the ono X. IT. aswiok loves, It's alwaj-'s bad iko "jinij'atns" or tho " P'P-" It's a ratu you, jam you policy that twists iu curly groves, It's " cacti"ouo for himself, let Ull»cr* rip'11 It's a patriotic nostrum, aud a big; panjan drum too, It sounds so wall to loot like merry vivos, Hut Oh 1 how di its preachers turn a ru huudioly blue, Whene'er they have to practise it them selves 1 It's quite a different matter then,'— a horse of different hue, Tt's do as we preach to you, don't you see, ' On ao account, though, do tho things tint we mi solves may do, For that w ould laud our doctrine up a tree! So though X. Presswirk preaches loud tho great protective creed, Ton mustn't think ttiat lie bchteet it Pooh! The thought is too ridiculous, mid comes of Melbourne breed— XFrattfi k Jem en theapimi,.»'»»(tiktyo« .' . Mr. Fuunyfopi: What'u that got to do with the price of gae t Mr. Toadatool: Are you an expert f Mr. Funnyfool: Are you?. Mr. Toadatool: 1 was once 1 Hr. Funnyfool i You weren't twioe! Xlr, Toadstool: I've earned my living all my life 1 There's no other , man in the world baa ever done the eame. In that regard I am the Mumbo Jumbo of the world of earn. (Satirical laughter from members.) Mr. Toadstool: You may oaokle Mr. Funnyfool .■ Thai's your mon opoly ! Mr. Toadstool: (Fiercely) I never got five hundred a year! ' Mr. Digley Bonee: It neede no ghost to tell us 1 Mr. .Toadatool: (etlll more fiercely) I've always earned my own living!,' f Mr. Funnyfool: Til swear you never earned mine) Mr. Toadatool. And I'll continue .to earn it 1 ; Profeseor Wigglelop: You'd hotter, or you'll be run in on the" vag' l "Mr. Bentcber O'Land : Tot ye van la 'ter know vat die—vae yo un ordority mit der gaeeee or vos you ain't P ■ Mr. Toadetool: (proudly) I are ! I claim to be the expert of the New .England, 1 ought to be f I've used more of it than any alderman in the local Council! And what I eay le "this— Mr. Solaneel: What's that ? Mr. Toadstool: If you take np the pipes, and put them down again yon'll find that the holes you make "will still l>e holes nnlees they're fill ad ap.! : Chorus of voiceB : Hear! Hear! Mr. Toadstool And yoo'U farther find that if the price of gae iefTt what it wasn't, and if water and gas it made to run through the same JtipeB, only coming out at different. ends, you will find that what yon didn't kpqw .before you wouldn't have known only you did, and therefore <yir jfidermen ought to rsiee the pnoe because there is more ways of killing a pig Than twisting its tail out! Mr. SolaneelWhich would . yon sooner do or be a muehropm f Mr M T. Bottle: I notice Mr. Preii dent that in progressive citicr, they j are eupplying the people wiib penny in-the-elot gas meter*, to that anyone j eao have a penn'orth of gas at will. Mr. Gently Fowles : I suggest-that j one of tbcte meters be fired under the arm of each local alderman, and that he only te allotted to consume one penn'orth per Council night! Mr. Funnyfpol: A. penoy-in-the j alot grammar meter would be of more ] use to aomo of them. Mr. llamlet O'Pbalia: They're a famous fine invention, Are these " Penny-iu-the-Slete." For they obviate dissension. And iher measure out your lota Willi an absolute precision. Which one cannot well dispute, And they (five a atern decision, Though their judgment's alwaya mute. Bason, ginger-pop, or tolly, "Try your weight," or Mochaooffse, Gaa or water, ecencs of slaughter, By the penny worth they hand, and clictric shucks and screeches, l'hmiogrephic songs and sjweehre, Protoplasmic germs and ire-lies, Are on tap where'er thev stand. Th-y're a famous fine invention, Are those " Feuny-ln-the-slots Ili'iugh thry win nor admiration, Vet we cannot hut feel sore. That they don't sell federation By ibe penn'orth from their store. 1'eiurc worths of Jlinddon Blotches, And Mnjiititire would rail, Store thev da acll alroddy watches, Wire not shoddy law as well i They should perch npun tbe Benches, Sentctree hoodlums, louts, and wenches, Bole out fines for moral atcnchea That afflict us everywhere. There would then be some assurance, That there would be sumo endurance Of tha Law"* dictates,—that durance Vile was " dealt out" fair and square. What a famous fine retention, Beyond carp of contravention, " lY'iury-iiftbe slots" titan were ! Mr. Dcutcher O'Latid : Yab I of] ycr put* der peuuy in mil X. Press, wick's slots yer gots *' ntorrel obioions'' by dor tons! Mr. X, Presswick: Mr. President | will you put dowp this nuisance. Mr. Funnyfool; Moko him run] himself in lor being a " ribo cat"! Mr. President: Order! Such rc-1 marks are indecent. Mr. M. T. Dottle : They nro simple ] indecencies, sir! Mr Funnyfool: Then administer ] a good birching instead of lining him lire " boh.'' Mr President: I must really in aist upon Mr. Funnyfool containing hiinseif! Mr O'Posaum: He contains too much already. Mr. Gaudy Fowlcs. He's like the Federal Capital. He " dunno whore 1 he are!" Professor Wiggletop : Tbe Federal Capital dorr know where he Bte! Mr. Toadstool • Whore are itP Professor Wiggletop: In Mel bourne lor the first few thousand years, and anywhere it likea after wards. Mr. Soapsuds: I consider we hare been diddled out of our rights by lotting the Cspital take board aud .lodging in Meibourno for an unlimited period. We'll nerer be able to drag it out of there I Mr. Hamlet tf'Phelia t Tliey have anavelled it iu Melbourne, For a year, (or may bo bai I) ; lt'a a slap tliat may lie well borne By all well bom Melbourne man. By tlic time t he spot'a decided Wherujl jMuinanrofly squat*, The luoou will have subsided, And the siui be knocked to spots. Aud our great-groat-great-grcat-grandeon May he present tic re to aeo The fouudation stonclcts handsome Flamed 'mid festivity. And the fourteenth generation Of our Icgul sons Hud heirs, With a federal veneration, J/ey j,.iu in the federal prayers. So it really doesn't matter, After all ia said and done, If it ho at PamunaUa, Uandaloo, or Kingdom-Come 1 And wo may as well ha ready, ,'oin the faroe aud blow the trump, For when your wife's a " widdv" Things won't trouble you a dump. Mr. O'Possum: The end of the world's coming, so in my case, I don't | see what all tbe fun ia about. Mr. Gaudy Fowles : What about | posterity though f Mr. Funnyfool t Sang posterity! What has it ever done lor usP M r. Digley Bones: Let them form a deputation to wait on the end of the world, and suggest improvements for tbe next world that comes along ! Mr. Toadstool: What improve ments could there possibly Ije P ! Mr. Funnyfool: There should be I no mushroom critics ! Mr. Soapsuds: Nor no gas experts! Mr. Gandy Fowles : Nor no wise men of the East! Mr. Deulcher O'Land : TJnd none i ribe cats 1 Mr. X. Preestvickt And no poets | or Chronicles. Mr# Funnyfool: Or no " simple in decency" or " moral opinion!" Mr. President: I hope there'll be j more order, at any rate. Mr. Fuunyfool: I hope it will all order and no pay. Professor Wiggletop: I underata that the earth is to open and ewall all the oceans, rivers, creeks, (infcli iog that one in tbe Town Hall yar, gilgais, and mud-puddles, and t huge drunk ia to produce such a w, fnl collywobble that it is to VOI itself up into space, which will swalb it for ever and half an hour I Mr. O'Poasum : In that case I off to make my will. Mr. Funnyfool; And I'm off make my won't. Mr. Gandy Fowles: I move it Mr. Hamlet O'Pbelia be asked compose a special ode, entitled, " T Annihilation of Terra," and dedicat to this impending cataclysm. Mr. Presidebt: Do I undersla that this ode is to take precedence all business next meeting f Mr. Gandy Fowles: Yessir! Mr. President: Yery well! Tl meeting is adjourned till next Mon. I day evening, as usual. . The roestine aecordinglv adjourned j downstairs, where several toasts and ] others were dulv drunk. 