FOOTBALL NOTES. By MARKWELL. NEARING HOME. This afternoon's engagements are in every case fraught with keen interest, for, though two of the three days of sectional matches are past, it is still impossible to say for certain what pair of teams will be entitled to play off for the first place in the second round. One point alone is so far de- finitely settled, and it is thai, no matter how the round pans out today, Fitzroy have already secured the right to compete in the final of finals for the season's highest honours. Their well-earned victory in the earlier round they have followed up with the closest of shaves against Carlton, and a highly meritorious and decisive win against Melbourne. The eight points acquired by them in those two tussles suffice, ac- cording to the rules, to place them upon equal footing with the team that shall lead all others at the finish of the present round. Moreover, if they beat Colling- wood this afternoon, they will, as winners of the first round and as leaders in section A, have two chances, if necessary, to wrest the premiership from the team that shall be placed on top of section B. It will be seen, therefore, that they, as well as their Collingwood opponents, have something pretty tangible at stake this afternoon, and seeing the great form displayed by both in last week's gases, their meeting at Vic- toria-park should prove attractive. In order to play at nil in the finals, it will be necessary tor Collingwood to win today; and I think it may be predicted that they will not fail to give a good account of them selves. The question of snpnemaey in the 11 section is in even a more interesting con- dition. fit. ItOdq, of course, has net a ghost of a show; but South Melbourne, Geelong, and JSraebdon are still well in the running, South have to bat Essendon to- day to gain the coveted lead, hut the beat- ing of Eseaadon though accomplished last Saturday by Geelong, is not an every-day occurrence. 1 may say that the Southerners have gone up in their own and in everyone else's estimation store their recent successful invasion of Geelong and the treated Essendonies may find them hard to beat. Before the opening of the game, the odds are, perhaps, a trifle in favour of Essendon, who, if their hard fight with Geelong has not taken too much out of them, will make the pace a cracker. I shall not, however, be very greatly surprised if South are found on top when time is called. The position in this section will be unique should Essendon win today, for them each of the three clubs will have won two matches in the round and will depend upon the proportion of points registered for nad against them respectively in the three matches of the round. I fancy that, if the question has to be decided upon points in this way Geelong will head the section as they are bound to score heavily today on their own ground against St. Kilda. Much depends upon whathappens this afternoon at Collingwood and at South Melbourne. and on both fields the battles will be intersely interesting. It is to be hoped that in neither contrast will players be so far concerned away with excitement as to forget what is due to their own and the game's reputation. We have had a scene or two already this year through players losing their heads. It would be a thousand pities if in the keen contests yet to come ill-feeling should arise to the proceedings. FITZROY'S GREAT VICTORY. In spite of counter attractions at Jolimont and at victorian park the attendance at Fitzroy was excellent. Here Melbourne who had the week before succumbed, after a good fight to Collingwood, engaged with the local warriors, whose 18 differed slightly from that which had gone so near to losing against Carlton. The junior recruit Mulcahey and the veteran Chary, gave way to Potter and Noonam and the warmth of Potter's reception. after weeks of absence through injury, must have been gratifying to that popular and rising player. Melbourne were without Young, whose services upforward were greatly missed and their big man C. Cumberland was likewise an absentee. Judged by the totals, the contest would appear to have been singularly one sided; but those who witnessed the proceedings will be require to be told that the fact was far otherwise. In all departments and during each of the terms Fitzroy played unquestionably the sounder, smarter, and clever game. They had no, however, the play all their own way for any very lengthened period. Their magnificent marking and their greater pace to and away with the ball, gave them the to and away with the ball, gave them the call all through; but their victims from first to last offered a meritoriously strong resistance. Melbourne were really weak in but one department, namely, forward, and it was this weakness that accounted for the severity of their drubbing. Up to the for- wards of the company the ball was taken with skill and becoming frequency, but on nearly every such occasion the puny efforts of this division failed miserably against Fiizroy's strong backs. It was in this department chiefly the team had come to grief against Collingwooed; and Young's ab- sence but emphasised the weakness against Fitzroy. In defence Melbourne showed up well; and on the ball and in the centre they kept Fitzroy quite busy. Faster play than was seen during the first three quarters would hardly have been possible; and the verve and earnestness of the combat were unequivocal. Instances of extreme cleverness were frequent, especially on the part of Fitzroy, and with all the pace and all the earnestness there were singularly few cases in which undue roughness was exhibited, Gibson pleased most people with his umpiring, as he refrained from un- necessary interference with the players, whilst he kept them all the time thoroughly under control. He was perhaps occasionally still a trifle too exacting in, connection with the holding clauses, but he had improved in this respect upon some of his earlier performances. Of Fitzroy's all-round form one could hardly speak too highly. Everything considered, they must, he admitted to stand at present inferior to no other team in their chance of securing the premiership. Drohan's display on the wing tanked equal to Panam's at South Melbourne the week before. The tussles between them to day should, therefore, be highly interesting.: I do not think the crack wing man of Fitz- roy was once beaten during the Melbourne engagement, and certainly his immediate opponent, Mitchell, did not at any time gain a point against him. For pace, dodging, marking, and kicking his exhibi- tion was decidedly the finest of the match. Everyone was able to find in M'Sperrin's, play evidence of his complete recovery from recent ailments, and to his club mates his many fine sprints his expertnees in get have given great satisfaction. He was equally useful both roving and in a place amongst the forwards. M. Grace showed his best form for the year, marking splendidly, passing with judgment and accuracy, and giving more than oocarional glipm of ground play that recalled his year's brilliancy. He snatched one neat scored. J. Grace, with his good marking and accurate kicking, was the hero of the forwards, amongst whom Sharpe was con- spicuous for his excellence in all save shooting. Deserimes, whether forward or following marked and kicked in rare style, and Fontain's aid in similar positions was highly appreciated. Moanan, roving and toward, was ever bright and neat. Clarke showed plack, speed, and consistent skill in the centre, and Robinson, on the wing, and Potter, following, were well deserving of mention. In defence, the team was particulariy powerful. M'Ewan's pace, weight, and judgment gave him the, lead half-hack, where Hickey and Sloan did each a good man's share, and Jenkins and Deas formed a brilliant setting on the fullback line to the sturdi- ness and reliability of G. Moriarty. For Melbourne no man did better, more attrac- tive, or more constant work than was put in by the centre-man Lewis, whose sprint- ing with the hall formed a feature of the match, M'Ginis roved nearly all the game with spirit and ability, and Moodie and Wardill, relieved at tunes by V, Cumber- land and Ryan, were busy and effective followers. The same Cumberland and Moysey were most in evidence forward, where even they were rather below their best. Wood was full of power and on the half-bade line, but could do nothing when sent up forward. Herring, half back, played with all his customary finish, and Rippon, Reid, and Davidson, in that order, acquitted themselves with credit in the rear line of defence. Today the Melbourne company engage Carlton at Prince's Oval, to decide which shall occupy the lowest place in the A section. A HARD-FOUGHT BATTLE. Victoria park was the scene of a vigorous and very skillful engagement, in which the local heroes proved in most respects superior to their Carlton visitors. The earnestness of the combat was perhaps its most striking characteristic and if spoke well for Umpire Crapp that in spite of the terrifie pace that prevailed and notwithstanding that the opposing forces seemed all through grimly determined nothing occurred to mar the pleasure of onlookers riper experience that pulled them through in the final quarter by a fairly large majority of points. as the South Melbourne their rapid and accurate hand-passing was a telling feature in their play; and their ruck work generally was too good for Carlton's. Monaghan, Dow, and Tulloch , Collingwood, and Hooper and Morrison for Carlton, were the principal absentees, Panam sustained his fine form of the variou week, and gave his adversary on the wing a bad time of it. Hailwood's burly figure was ever conspicuous in the thick of the contest, where his marking was superb, and his kicking and general ability decidely high class. Excellent defence again characterised the Woodsmen, whose finest performed back was G. Wiliams. and along; with whom Proudfoot almost deserved to be bracketed. Watsford's lofty marking and general roundness served his side light „ well; mad his best associate forward was the maggoty and ever brilliant Tame. Con- don, as rover and captain, detracted nothing from his previous enviable reputation for he marked the ball as well and picked his man as accurately as ever, and his every change in the disposition of his forces proved a benefit to the team. No two opinions ran exist concerning the football j played by Collins, the recently recruited Carlton follower. In every match he has played with the team this talented young giant has shown himself a star. His is always a fair and manly game and he holds more than his own in the best of company. His chief ally on the hall last, week was Walsh, whose neat handling and running were deservedly admired. W. Stuckey, H. M'Shane, Walton, and P. Williams defended gamely, both as indi- viduals and in combination; and H. Thompson and Cowell, alternately forward and following, were a pair of most service- able members; whilst the new- centreman, Evans, had the credit of keeping F. Leach's share for Collingwood within very reason- able limits. INTENSELY EXCITING. Perhaps the largest crowd for the year, though scarcely so large as the occasion warranted, witnessed the battle between Geelong and Essendon, at East Melbourne. both teams had trained hard during the week, and a mighty struggle was antici- pated. Unfortunately for the home com- pany O'Loughlin was too unwell to take the field, and the veteran Forbes was like- wise an absentee, but these losses were counterbalanced, in as much as neither Burns nor Pincolt was playing for Geelong. There was no mincing matters on either band, when the ball was once set rolling. Every man threw himself into the tray with enthusiastic determination, and fast, strong, vigorous, and unequivocally earnest work was shown all round. A visitor un- acquainted with our method of sport might easily have imagined that the fight was to the death, and that not merely a simple premiership, but the fate of nations, de- pended upon the outcome, Quarter was neither looked for nor allowed, and the umpire, Keenan, had a task set him to cope successfully with which was far be- yond his power. During the greater part of the terrific encounter there was ex- hibited more violence than the stake at issue warranted. Instances of really spite ful work were, however, comparatively rare, notwithstanding the severity of the engagement, until late in the day, when, with the result still uncertain, the strain told upon a few of the participants, and the bounds of football propriety were some times overstepped. . The worst incident of the day was that in which Jo. M'Shane, of the visiting team, played a conspicuous part, and, as it was of a particularly glar- ing character, the possibility is the umpire will report it to the league. Other regret- table items were noticed during the match, but they were overshadowed by this par- ticular incident, and will probably not be further dealt with. So far us the football shown in the match was con- cerned, I need hardly state, seeing the calibre of the teams engaged, that it was quite first-class. Fast it was as any one could desire, and open, clever, and most evenly contested- Essendon, in the opening quarter. whilst they kept their places, bad rather the best of what was going. late in the day, how-, ever, Stuckey, their usually astute commander ,loosed his grip upon the reins and let his team have their heads, with dis- astrous results. Geelong's big mes in the ruck, and their giant, James, up forward, were all day long a serious trouble to their advarsaries, and to them in an especial manner was the side's supremacy attribu- table. It was pretty generally admitted at the conclusion of the game that the visitors' wingman, Palmer, had bad the call in most of his hand to hand encounters with droves of Essendon, and, though the latter had frequently shone in the air, the Geelongite had played the better foot ball. He was entitled to rant indeed, not alone as Groves's superior, but as the finest performer in the match. M'Callum was Quick and clever in the centre; and the battles between Greeves and Hastings were keen, but for the most part, in decisive. Rankia roved excellently; Par- kin put in a hard and solid game; Jo. M'Shane was more than useful: Jas. M'Shane displayed unusual brilliancy; Thompson's running and lacking were superb, and H. Young gave signal help and marked in splendid style; whilst James was right at his top up for- ward; and Buhean. the Lockwoods, and Flynn lent very valuable aid. On Essen- don's side there was scaree a man but rose to the occasion. T. Collins, M. Collins, Anderson, Stuckey, and Kinnear were ta- lented defenders; Wright played really well in the centre; Barry, forward .and following excelled himself; and Jackson, Hall, Larkin, Fitzpatrick, Martin, and Cleghorn in various departments acquitted themsdves right ably. SOUTH SCORE HEAVILY. Against St. Kilda the Southerners put up their record total for the year, and in the amassing of it their rising marksman, Armstrong, took a particularly prominent part. In most divisions of the filed and during the greater part of the encounter the Southerns were supreme, but their opponents played up pluckily all through, and there were internals when the combat looked anything but one- sided. The Saints have lacked throughout the year a big man or two to give and take the bulk of the hard knocks, and shield the lighter members of the company. They number amongst them men who in their own departments are good enough to way in a premier team, but, wanting height, they are as a team physically incapable of standing up to the bulkier combinations against whom they have been pitted. Their re- quiremente to this respect will, I understand be attempted to before next season, when they will probably be found fit foemen for the best of their antagonists. Along with Armstrong, Lampe cut a conspicuous figure amongst South Melbourne forwards, where his marking was much admired, and where Jenerett's fleetness was a telling item. Goding, Davidson, Trimm and Henley were reliable defenders, and Pleass and Purdy were specially useful about the ball. The tussles on the wings were well worth watching as Plowson and H. Smith on one edge of the field and Arnold and Spiker on the other were capable and well matched pairs. J. smith following and Matthews as rover were amongst the best of the St. Kildaites, for whom also Hall and Brown back in the centre, and Blackwood forward were often commendably conspicu- ous. . V.F.A. MATCHES Brunswick had every reason to be satis- fied with the show they made against Port Melbourne, since, except in the matter of straightkLicking, they were in all points on an equality with their more experienced opponents. Their Robertson proved himself the best performer in the match; and W. Andrews, Tucker, and Johnston were very brilliant; whilst M'Kenzie, F, Andrews, Hegarty, Ross, and Clements did remark ably good work: and Tough, of Rugby fame was throughout a gallant battler. On behalf of Ports, Hickie, Powell, Sheehan ( a recruit from Montage Juniors), Maconachie, M'Donald, M'Gee, and Peers were all efficient workers. After an unsatisfactory opening in which their Northern opponents established a very strong lead, chiefly with goals gained from free-kicks, Prahran did well to get within a few points of North Melbourne's tally at the finish. Their display in the second half way be taken as testimony of their ability to play an uphill game. In Lyons, their leading ruck-man, they had the finest high-marker and perhaps the most successful player in the match; and they were likewise capably represented by T. and G. Brown, Kruger, Willison, Downes, Ball, Levien. Dowding, and West- brooke. North's best were the Launders, Rutley, Knee, Sicily, Lonergan, W. Carl- ton, and Rolent, Page, M'Inerney, Pullar. Mackey, A. J. Snell, J. Montgomery, and Fergueson did not play for West Melbourne against Rich- mond, and the Richmondites as might have been expected under the circum- stances, were able to show some degree of superiority over their visitors, and to put them through with a fairly heavy majority of points to the good. For Rich- mond, Parker played his customary masterful game in the ruck; and Rudd. G. Backhouse, T. Watson, Milne, Clarke, and Bahen were all deserving members; whilst Farnan, Baker, Mansen, W. Montgomery, Meaghan, Linquest, Stone, Twitehett, Miller, and A. Snell were the busier for West Melbourne. 