A BABY SANTA CLAUS. THE STORY OF A CHRISTMAS RECON CILIATION. By MARION ELLISTON, in "Harmsworth. Eric Chesterton stood in the typical Eng-<*> lishman's attitude on the hearthrug, study-<*> ing its design with more earnestness than it seemed to deserve, seeing It bad occupied exactly the same position ever since they had married, rather more than six years ago. But he was quite free to think. Vlvienne trusted him too absolutely to even want to know, before he was ready : and was too wise to worry him with ellcit&tlon;, even the most sympathetic. She was one of those few women who can " possess their souls in patience" when their husbands are pre occupied ; she was quite able to Bit still in her comfortable easy chair while he thought, without whirring away with those tiresome knittiug needles, or rustling away to writs invitations to an " at home" in a fit of p!q 10. because he wasn't talking to her. And by and-by -he spoke. " I met Fortescue to-day, Vivienne. He saw Charlie last week, and says he never met any one so altered. He seems to walk through life like an automatic machine — he looks an absolutely pulseless statue. He never smiles. " Fortescue happened to call about some land transfer he wanted, or else he hadn't seen him since he saw him off to India, oud couldn't imagine what had happened. When they had done business Charlie rang the tell, and handed him -over to old Harris Ju3C as he would have done a stranger. But Harris knew Fortescue when we were all children together, and when he had got him safely out of earshot of Charlie's study, fortescue says he thought the ooor old fel low would have wept upon his shoulder. " He could not do enough to provide for him, but fairly broke down when he said, ' Oh, but, Mr. Fortescue sir—the last time you were here was the night of the oall be fore Mr. Charles went away. And Laly Edith was here, too, so beautiful and queenly, and Mr. Charles was that proud of her bo could scarcely take his eyes oft her. And every one said what a splendid couple they would make —they seemed to match so well. And to think that it was here—bore in his own house, Just where she was to bo mis tress within a year, thai he shouM buve himself introduced Lord Greystones to her. " And now, sir—more than half tbe house is shut up—not since he came home hare we had any ladies to stay in the house even to dinner—not even the family ladles. Mr. Kenneth won't come because Mr. Charles won't see his wife. As for Christmas—why, there- hasn't been a Christmas hero since the old master died. The turkeys and such like are given away by the agent Just the same, but as for a party—well, well, for any thing or anybody in the house it alii't to be thought of !' " As Fortescue says, it seems terrible that' a sorrow, however great, should be allowed not only to entirely wreck a man's career, but also to completely deaden his whole na ture—his real self, as it were. But i can't think what to do ! Every effort I have ni»a« I hitherto has been perfectly fruitless."- __ "l don't know what we ooulJ do cither, dear," said Vivtiime. " Just now he seems entirely beyond ue. And yet, I don't kcow." she went on slowly, as tb. ugh tlnttkiug alou I a new idea, " and yet T drn't .know v hmber our little Bsca might not perbapß succeed where wo fall. Could^he most hardened mlsanthrops resist her, do you think ? Or Is it only .' motherrblindnesß' that .makes uub think her such a darling ?" This sorrow of Charlies had been the one shadow of their married life.') Until he went abroad nothing had ever jarred the perfect sympathy between the two brothers. Long ago, as little children, the big, high* spirited, riotous Charlie and the quiet, large-eyed younger brother had been in separable, and had maintained a " chum ship" to which the usual brotherly tiffs were entirely foreign. So different, ( each seemed the complement of the other's na ture. And when Charles went to India for a year, Eric was reading hard and success fully for the Bar, and both were engaged to two sisters as different as themselves. Edith was queenly and altogether glori ous in womanly physique ; Vivienne, a little younger—a dainty, playful morsel ; dis tinctly, cleverly humorous "beyond the aver age of even cultured women, yet with a rich fund of tender sympathy and earnest pur pose that was always " within call," if not always overflowing about insufficient mat ters. Then Lord Oreystones had courted Edith and won her away from her absent lovor. He had come home as absolutely different from the Charles who sailed aB ould pos sibly be. Never even to Eric had he allud ed to the dream that had vanished —the dream that, discovering it to be only a dream, had so completely wrecked and shat tered all the love and trußt of a richly generous and Impulsive nature. Too proud to accept pity, too reserved to court sympathy, too thoroughly a gentle man to sneer, yet at ono wroDch he up rooted all regard and love of womanhood. He politely declined Eric's call to his wed ding aud entirely ignored the existence of his wife—the sister of the woman who had been faithless to him. Very rarely now did Brie and his wife allude to it between them sc-lvos, but both knew it as an ever present sorrow, though they recognised thsir Impotence to help In it. . " How could our Bsca do It, dearest ?" Erie asked. " She's very young—scarcely Dye." " Yes, I know. But she can sing her dear little hymns through without a ghost of ' out-of- tunenesa' ; and If I could once make her understand what she had to do, I'm cer tain I could trust her to do it. She has never had the slightest rebuff, so she wouldn't feel the least shyness of It ; In deed, I don't think she would accept any thing as a rebuff, she is so entirely confiding "and trustful. And her dear imaginative little spirit is so full just now of the Christ mas Child that she would be telling her undo stories about it before he knew where he was." " Poor little soul ! But what do you mean her to do, Vivienne ?" " I mean her to go and be Santa Claus to Uncle Charlie. She shall bring him here to dinner on Christmas Day. Tou must take her to the house and then run away and leave her, and she must do the rest. Send a note to old Harris at the same time, to tell htm what we are doing, and to let him know exactly what to do with her supposing it should fail. But It won't fail ; I feel convinced that it won't !" " But think of the poor little mite ! En tirely away from every one she knows—left there, late at night, when she is used to being asleep. And If he should be savage to her—lt would terrify her past recovery !" " Yes—lf ! But he won't. He is too es sentially a gentleman to be savage ! And no one pretends to say that he is ever anything but frigidly polite, which she would simply construe as so much the more opportunity for herself to talk. No : It will be terrible to let her go, and leave her there ; but I feel sure you can safely trust her when she understands what she has to do. " I wonder If ha will think her like Edith ; most people do, only her eves are bigger and browner, and more wonder ing." " Well, we'll try it If you think It won't hurt her. It would be worth a great deal to succeed." Christmas Ere was clear and frosty, with snow deep enough to deaden all sound of wheels along the country lanes of . Inside a well- appointed brougham were Eric and Vivienne together with their little daughter E3ca. Vivienne was woman enough not to back out at the last moment, but she also was mother enough to very much want to. " Not shy, my dearie, are you ? Run Btraight In quick, and play hide-and-seek everywhere till you find Uncle Charlie, and tell him you are his Santa Claus come to fetch him to come Rnd look at the Santa Claus surprises you have got for him." Half-way up the park the brougham Btonped, and mother held the lHtle white bundle very tight In her arms for tx moment, and then rolled her Into daddy's arms, and sat very still in the carriage with two eyes that shone very bright. But If the tear drops fell, there was no ODe but the angels to see ; and when nngels see the shine of love and prayers In tears, they say some thing quite different from the commonplace ejaculations of " Weak emotionalism," " Mere sensationalism," " Conventional hysteria." And, trending noiselessly the old familiar way. Daddy carried the little girlie in his arms, where she Tay very comfortably, look ing up at the star-spangled sky, and hum ming her " Twinkle, twinkle, little star," as Bhe enjoyed the poetry of a night sky she very-rarely saw. It was a typical Christmas eky, full of stars, heralding the birth of the Prince of Peace and the Child of Love, as He makes Hlb holy advent every Christmas Eve In kith-and-kfn re conciliations and kindly deeds of love. Very soon Eric reached the flight of broad stone Btep3, and held her in his arms while he yearned to the Great Originator of Christmas to whisper Love into the world again through the little maid that ■was carrying the Christmas message. Then he put her down by the big front door, and, taking out a latch-key that he had never used since his wedding day, he opened it Very gently and lifted her into the warm. softly-Heated ball, and whiskered quite gaily, " Now run and find Uncle Charlie, and give him lots of Christmas kleses, and these lovely violets from mother. I expect he'll be in there," pointing to the library door. In a moment he was round at the window of the butler's pantry, giving a whistle that he knew old Harris would re cognise out of a thousand. In another moment the shutters were drawn, and the window thrown up, and the gray-headed old man thrust 'both hands throuch th 9 bars, almost shouting in his excitement, " Mr. Eric, dear lad !" " Hush. Harris ! Look here, my little girlie Ib In tho house looking for her Uncle Charlie. I've just let her in with my old latch-key. Only, Harris, for heaven's sake don't let anything frighten her ; if things go wrong send for me. I've written down here where to find me, but you needn't open the letter unless it is necessary, in case of Charlie asking you Questions. Good-bye, old fellow !" —and he was gone, leaving the old man rubbing his eyes, and running his fingers through what little hair he could fiud, to convince himself that he wasn't asleep—no, nor dreaming—and. finally, that it was Mr. Eric's real self, and not his ghost. Charles Chesterton was sitting In the library as usual. It was his rule to sit there each evening from 6 till 8, reading and writing, and he was sitting there to night. Why shouldn't he re ? It wao Christmas Eve. of course, but what was that to him ? Why should Christmas Evo throw him out of his regular ways ?—it was nothing to him. What difference did Christmas malic ? That was just what he was asking himself as he sat there, with bis book on his knee, face downwards, for he wasn't reading ! Chrlstmaa. seemed to mean a good deal to most of his men, he noticed ; they had all seemed full enough of it when he had paid them all their Saturday wagss (with a little extra) on Thuraday morning ; and he had seen several of them that afternoon, shop ping with their wives in the village, with parcels of such varied shape that they pro claimed emphatically that Christmas meant a good deal to them. But It didn't to him ; there was no one to make Christmas seem Christmas to him ! There was no one for him to make Christmas seem Christmas to — except as far as tho few paltry regulation gifts were concerned. There might have been—and his face grew hard as he thought—and then the house would have been home, and Christmas would have been Christmas ; but now ? But that was all over —over long ago ; and life had been deadness ever stnee. The choris ters had been down singing carols outside his window—carols that seemed to bring back each separate Christmas of his life in a flood of memories. He had sent word down to the cook that they w?re to have a good supper. And now they were gone, and the singing was over, and only an empty silence was left. And he sat thero dreaming of the emptiness and the silence whllo stray lines from their carols kept floating across and across the dream— " A little child with a heart so large It takes the whole world in." The door handle twisted—he was sure he was dreaming—what was that creature ? —a live snowball —a fairy—an angel— a what ? How on earth did she come ? But there was no time to wonder more. A great rush of bounding pulsing ate threw itself upon him with a great exuberance of Joy. " Uncle Charlie, my Uncle Charlie, lots of Christmas kisses, and mummie sent you these." Her arms were round his neck ; how she got up there he never knew, but there she was, smothering him with kisses, and he couldn't feel anything ■but soil cheek and white fur, something like a purring kitten, he thought, submitting helplessly to being choked and generally rumpled up, feeling in a very unaccustomed fashion that he was by no means master oi the situation. At last, feeling- very much like a New foundland dog shaking a mouse, he caught her and freed his head as he held her out at aim's length to look at her. " Oh, do let me give you some more, Uncle Charlie —I've been making kisses lor you all day, and I've got lots ready," and the two tittle arms kept reaching out to try and catch that 'big head that would keep just beyond their reach. " But stop a minute. I want to look at you. Who are you ? and where do you come from ? Are you a white furry mon key, or a white woolly bear ? Here, stand down a minute, and let me look at you," putting her down on the hearthrug In front of him. Even as he spoke, he noticed that thore was something the matter with his voice ; it was not his at all, he thought ; stern and still and measured, but young and (could it be ?>—well, it sounded positive ly playful ! " I'm not a white furry monkey, and I'm not a white woolly bear. Mother says I'm n Christmas angel, and I expect she gave me all this white fur because my feathery wings wasn't ready. Mother says there are lots of angels, Christmas angels, and some of them does have wings and some of them doesn't, tout they all of them has to carry messages whevver or not. " Aud my mummie says I'm to give you lots of kisses and loves, and that then you're to give me some supper and put me to 'bed, •nd that you mußt be sure to hear me say my prayer and sing my hymn, and then to morrow you're to take me home again, and have dinner with us, and come and see my dolly's house and all the things Santa Claus has 'brought for me, and all the surprises ho has brought for you as well, 'cause mum mie snys he has left all your surprises at my daddy's house for you this Christmas time. " And, Uncle Charlie, I want to know, do you think Santa Claus will come down your chimney here to bring me my surprises, or will he forget and take them all to my daddy's house ? 'Cause if he's coming here I had better hang up my stocking all ready for him, hadn't I ? You'll show me where, won't you, my Uncle Charlie ? Only if he forgets that I am here, and doesn't bring the surprises here for me. I think it will be rather dull, when I wake up, and find he didn't come, won't It ?" "It would, Indeed. But I should think Santa Claus would have sense enough to find out that you're here, and to leave the Eurprises iv the right place," looking fur- tlvoly round as he spoke to see what in the name of wonder he could find that would answer bb Santa Claus surprises. "'Have sense enough' doesn't seem a very respectful way to talk 'bout angels ; and Santa Claus Is an angel, you know, so you'd better not offend him, or perhaps he won't bring you things and come and see you ; and Brummie says peoples is very sure to be very unhappy that doesn't have no Christmas angels to' come and see them. But don't you fink H'b time you glved me some supper, 'cause I do feel so hungry 1" It never occurred to the master of the house, who generally reigned in undisputed sway, that there was anything to do in the matter but " to submit to the inevitable" und accept tho programme the baby before him dictated. He couldn't do anything else, he didn't know how to ; and, as a matter of fact, he was too interested in the pre sent to be at all curious either as to past or future. He vaguely realised that he couldn't dispute with her ; sarcasm and frigidity wero not fit weapons to fight her with, and he was taken so at unawares that he had no time to get others ; in his heart he was glad he hadn't. He would have fought if he had been prepared, but now he had a justifiable reason for giving in. " Yes, of course. Shall I take off that big coat ?—let me try ! What a dear little snowball you look ! 'Did mother dress you like this on purpose to bewitch me ?" And tho big white fur pelisse and bonnet (with the aureole of wayward golden curls), and the white shoes and gaiters, and gloves made her a very fascinating Qhristmas Baby Angel ; but when he gently disentangled her from all her big covers, and saw her standing there in little white shoes and open-worked socks, and a dainty little white silk frock with its fluffy lace frill round the neck, and its dainty pinafore, with her plump little neck and arms 'bare, and all the bewildering tangle 01' curls set free, bome how, before he knew It, he had caught her up again to take his turn at the kissing. And mother would have felt rewarded for hours of stitching—each stitch stitching in a prayer and a pulse of love as she had sat long the night before trying to finish it to help forward the workings of the Christmas plot—if she could have seen them then. Just then old Harris announced, " Dinner 1b served, sir," and for a moment Uncle Charlie felt disconcerted. Harris lifted up his hands in well-feigned astonishment, and Uncle Charlie rather sheepishly inquired who had let the child in. " No one, sir, I'll be bound !" said the old man. " But bless me, sir, if it ain't Mr. Eric's little one—she's that like him. How did you get here, my dearie ; how did you come ?" "My daddy brought me, and he let me come in, and told me to come and find my Uncle Charlie ; that's how I came ! But now I want my supper." " But Where's your daddy now, my dear ; where did he go ?" " Oh, he's gone home with mummle—but I do want my supper." " Have you any orders about her, sir ?" " No. She can't be sent home at this time of night. She will have to stay, I SUDDOSe." And he lifted her high on his shoulders and walked off to the dining-room. He didn't eat much dinner, for he could hardly take his eyes off the little one beside him. He was so anxious lest he should give hor the wrong food, lest Bhe should eat too much, lest he should give her too little. And very soon they went back to tho library, and Uncle Charlie found the " put ting to bed dilemma" confronting him with great solemnity. He consulted Harris, and finally decided on drawing a sofa close to his bedside, and making it comfortable with cushions. Harris just ventured to suggest that perhaps cook would know how to undress her, and would have her in bed with her, but Uncle Charlie glowered at Him, and re marked, "Shcftl sleep with no one but me, thank you." Esca, who had been meditating quietly, with her fist cuddling the foot of a crossed knee, thought this too hard on the old man. and climaxed the situation by savin* to him in a confidential aside, " I shall bo able to teach him, you know. I dare Bay he'll soon learn." The long latent sense of humour was aroused, and old Harris had the joy of hearing his master laugh as he had not laughed for years, and as he had ceased to hope ever to hear him laugh again. At last the two men succeeded in building a bed that the damsel was pleased to ap prove, and Uncle Charlie sat down to undress her. But no\£ Che nightgown difficulty had to be settled, and it seemed much more serious. After various sug gestions that she promptly repudiated, Harris was despatched to try' and borrow one from the gardener's or the coachman's wife, while Uncle Charlie set himself to grapple with the strings and buttons of a baby that would romp. But after a while the little petticoats and socks' were drawn off, and aha grew quiet and dreamy sitting there In his arms before the fire waiting for a nightgown. She was like a kaleidoscope to him in her quick variations of mood and manner. Now a riotous romp, smothering him with hug 3 and kisses ; now overjoyed with fun and mis chief at his mistakes and dilemma ; now laughing with witching merriment as she made him play " hide and seek" with her ; then snuggling clo3e into his arms an.l whispering with touching wlstfulness, " Wouldn't it be nice if my daddy and mummle were here, too, Uncle Charlie ?" ; then looking through him with big. rapt eye 3 all closed to everything but those clear visions so freely given to the pure In heart, but only to them. Presently Bhe Insisted on his drawing the curtains and shutters, and lowering the gas, so that she could see the stars. Anl be rolled her up In a tig wrap and went and sat where she could He in fcis arms and look out at the stars at the same time. Every moment she seemed to grow tenderer and sweeter, and presently eh? knelt up on his knee, and putting her arms round his neck, began to say her prayer— " Pray God, bless my dear daddy and mummie. and my baby brother, and my Uncle Charlie, and —" right on for " lcin'l friends,'1 and "little children," and " poor people, and all the doggies and dtcky blrdles." £c. " A little child with a heart so large Tt takes the whole world in" came floating across bi3 memory again out of the carol the choristers had been sing* in*, and at all events it made him feet warmer to know that there was room for him in that little child's tig heart. " My Uncle Charlie, I want you to show me which is the ' Guiding Star.' " He was getting into a confusion about ChcMmas angels and Christmas stars an* Christmas children. He thought with hi himself that he was holding the " Guiding Star" In his arms. "Now, shall I sing my hymn about the Christmas Baby Boy ?" And quite true and steady the little voico began and held on its way through th« dear old carol— " Come to the manger of Bethlehem ; A Bweet child lies therein. A holy child come down to earth To save the world from sin. A little child with a heart bo large It takes the whole world in. " But the heart of the world Is far too small To take in that little child : It sends Him away ; there is no room For His face, 60 sweet and mild. They would turn Him out if they only could To the storms so rude and wild. " Come to the manger of Bethlehem ; Never mind the frost and the snow. We will think of the child, and the thought of Him Shall warm us as we go. We will kiss His holy hands and feet " Almost as she sang the last lines M her quaint baby's voice little Esea fell asleep. Somehow the anger and tbo bitterness died out of Charles Chesterton's heart as he sat there gazing out into the Christmas night wilh that baby-heart pulsing warmly against his in iti quiet sleep. He found there was lore in his heart after all ; he had thought it crushed out lor ever, but it was still there, and where lovo is God is ; for love is God, and where love is there is the power to forgive. Ay, even Lord Greystones au;d the woman who bud broken her troth to him. Proscntly old Harris came back bring ing the borrowed nightgown that belonged to CEe gardener's little girl, and Undo Charlie said, " You can bring my coffee up here—l Bhan't come down to the library, again." And the old man left him to nurse th-J sleeping child —to dream out his dreams, and to fight out his battles. And when the midnight bells chimed out, they chimed on the 'old, old story told anew of " Peace on earth," goodwill among men. Presently she stirred, and Uncle Charlie had to learn by experiment how to put a baby into a nightgown. But he did it successfully, and laid her down in her improvised bed, and hunted" up Santa Claus surprises ready for the morn Ing. Not very long after, he had just settled down himself, but was still awake wonder ing if the child was sleeping properly, when he felt something scrambling about his bed, and, finding the whereabouts of his face at last, two little hands pulled at the clothes to make a way in, and the IUMe voice whispered, "My Uncle Charlie, I think I feel lonely here all by myself, I think J should be nicer in your big bed." By no means unwilling, he helped her find the way in, and she snuggled down in his arms, saying, "There, now, that's nice nd comfy. Have you seen Santa Claus come yet, my Uncle Charlie ?" and went to sleep till morning. Christmas morning dawned. And Undo Charlie woke to find his little Christmas angel dancing round and round the threo sides of the big bed brandishing a tall .peacock's feather in each hand, and shouting, " I'm so happy, I'm so happy." to a little tune of her own " imposing," the little bare toes keeping up a pas de seul of their own, that was none the less fascinating because it was untutored. An.l much was the rioting and romping before either the man or the little child woro ready for the breakfast old Harris had set ready. And after breakfast they went home, and Vivlenne and Eric had tact enough to tako it all as a matter of. course, and in all the fun and frolic of the children's " merry Christmasing" Uncle Charlie seemed to slip back into hiß old self. After tea, when it was getting near the snowball's bedtime, he asked Vivlenne to sing the old carols again. And Eric and Vivienne were satisfied with the full fruition of their plan. 