j GREEN-ROOM GOSSIP. (THOU OUlt STECIIAti CORRESPONDENT.) i LONDON, August IS,— Tho Llodortafel Glee ! Singers, whoso tenor Is Mr. Wallaco Kennedy, ! of Adelaide, contributed four items nt lasl Sun- ! day's concert nt. the Royal Albert-hall, and hud i a good reception. Miss Nora Dane, one of Australia's numerous j liandsomo vocalists, who Is studying by Tostt, j will, I understand, make a puhllo debut shortly. ; Meanwhile, she lias snvcral very profitable "At i Home" engagements booked. She is spending : the summer with her uncle In Scotland. s Tho Misses Slcvwrlght liavn taken a pretty i flat and studio in Devonshire-street. They are ! si-unllng lliolr summer holidays In Holybotirne, I Alton, Hants, whenco they go on to Inchmery i ami Who Isle of Wight. Miss Sievwright. Is titll- j ising the holidays to work off somo of, her nccu- j undated commissions. j Miss Bcsslo Rignold, niece to "handsome I George," will shortly slmw Australia and Now j Zealand what a capable Lady Isabel she makes j in the "Now East Lynno." i M. W. II. Judo, who lias boen about "very shortly lo return to Australia and New Zealand" for a long time past, is still in tho same Intorest- ! lng condition, but no date In given for Ills de parture. I bear, however, that when ho does get off ho will settlo In a cultured colonial city, pro- ; bably Adelaide or Christeliurch. and, taking a public hall, will load the Inhabitants aloft by means of services entitled "Music and tho Higher ( Life." i Among iho artists engaged by Mr. Robert New- 1 mnn for Ills flflli annual season or nromenado I concerts nt the Queen's-liall are Miss Ada C'ross- | ley and Miss Magglo Stirling. ' Mndnmo Evnngellno Florence sails In about a i fortnight for America, together with Frau Sclm- liiniui-Heliit nnd Mr. Frntigcon Davles. to take part in tho Worcester (Mass) Musical Festival. I hoar that Iho Carl Rosa Opera Company has "smashed" again. One ghost refused to walk at the end of the first week, so at the end of the second the entire company struck, as it wns : discovered that Dr. Carr, who was running the, I company, had no capital lo work on. Madame Cecilia Staunton and Messrs. Arthur Dcnne and i F. Ft. Hobbs, therefore, 11ml themselves "rest- lng" once more. The eventual fato of the com pany Is still uncertain. It is questionable whether grand opera in the country has not had Its day, so far, at all events, as tho provinces are concerned. ( The Australian rights of "The New Barmaid" have been purchased from Mr. Alexander Loftus by Mr. John F. Sheridan, of "Fun on tho Brls- ; tol" fame. Airs. Mnosmoro Morris has been engaged by i Mr. George Alexandor for his autumn season, and will make her nppearanco In "Rupert of Hen t-: I ran," the continuation of "The Prisoner of Zon- 'ln. " It was in tho latter play, in tho Prin cess' Theatre, Melbourne, that Mrs. Morris made her dramatic debut. Mr. Tom Costnllo leaves to-day to fulfil an en- gngeinent with Mr. Harry Richards In Australia. Miss Peggy Prydo has just returned to London after a twelve months' sojourn under the South ern Cross, but Mr. Harry Rlckards has secured from licr a promise to return next year. Mr. Deane Brand, wliosc sudden death at Clap- ham Inst week came ns a great shock to a great number of "tho profession, " travelled tho colo nics Willi his pretty wife, Kate Chard, In 1883, Introducing with pronounced nuSeoss "Boccaccio" f to Antipodean audiences. Kate Chnnl, like Miss I Fortescue. Leonora Brnliam. nnd others was one of the Gilbert-Sullivan "finds;" and began In small parts at tho Savoy, But sho was wonder fully hhndsomo and chic, nnd would probably have gravitated far higher up If she hadn't' got mnrrlod. Dcano Brand possessed a nleo little ; voice, a fino presence, and enough theatrical "skin" to sink an Ironclad. Personally, lio was tlio best of good fellows, nnd extremely popular at the Savage Club, where at. one time lie scemeil almost ns iiiucli a fixture as Odell. In 1SS6, tho Brands ran a comic opera called "Hhoda" 111 tlio provinces, with tolerablo success, and both Miss Chard and her husband were promlnont In several of tlio Oscar Barrett pantomimes. Latterly thoy hnvehcon doing duologues at the Music-halls, and getting on fairly woll. T think that you have had those ecoontrles, "Tennyson and O'Gorman" touring the colonics. The latter, John O'Gorman, like many others of tho Thespian profession, who earn good incomes, hns been appearing In tho Bankruptcy Court, where he sought sanctuary to evade paymont nf £12-10 damages and costs given against him In n divorco suit brought' against him by Mr. Oeorgo Bale, another muslo-hnll artist. Accord ing to O'Gorman, his average annual earnings wore £-100, according to Mr. Bnle, £14(10. In tho witness-box. O'Gorman admitted that from De-' cember, ISOS. to March", 1800, ho got £22 10s a week In "Dick Wlilttlngton," had had other engage ments at £16 a week,' and that ho had had pretty i continuous engaements for .18 . years, and was "full" to noxt Novombor. Tie had just received l notice from Tennyson to terminate tliolr pnrtner- < ship noxt Easter, , and had a wife, .mother, .and ) three children to support. . Eventually, tho ! Registrar granted O'Gorman his discharge, sub- j ject to the pnymont of 19s In the £, the debtor to bo allowed £350 n year for hlmsolf, and the balance to bo handed ovor unlll lOs in tho £ had beon paid. ; - Socloty was not n little surprlsod by tlio an nouncement on Tuesday of Lily Langtry's mnrrl- ; ago to Hugo Gerald de Bntho, son and lielr to Ge neral Sir Henry de Bathe, Bart., and-hrothor of ; thoso well-known social dnmeB Lady Crossley.Mrs. Harry Lnwson, and Mrs. Harry M'Culmont. Tlio ' mnrringo took place very quietly In Jorsoy on i July 27, the day that Merman won tho Goodwood Cup for "Mr. Jersey," tho only witness, to the wedding being tho bride's daughtor, Miss Jeanne Langlry. Society's surprise can hardly be won- ; dprcd nt, for Mrs. de Bathe Is many years older than lior husband — old onougji, Indeed, to lie his mother, Hugo do Bathe. being but 28, whilst tho ; records show tho fnir Lily to fre 47. The brlde- groom, who Is a lieutenant In tho Gloucestershire Regiment, bonsts descent from Hugo de Batho, i who, in 1172, nccompnnled Carl Strongbow to Ireland. Tho marriage, It Is said, will not Inter fere with Mrs. Langtry's forthcoming theatrical season at tho Haymnrlcet, though both sho and her husband dcolred to cancel the engagement. But having regard to the Interests of Mr. Grundy, who wroto the play expressly for "Lily," and of Iho i nrllstos who have already been rhearslng, It has been deckled to run through the season. 