Workers in Conclave. WOMEN W0iR^|RSv\ . ? ^ '-.. TRADES FEtiE^AT^Ol^^j)^ N PAY FOR THE;:-CI^USE._ _^ --, ?: ' ' -'?.?:.- ?? -_ — '^Ct'r '''?,'?''? A WESTRALIAN WARNING^' ? THE BIJILDING TRADE? THE EVILS OF NON-UNIONISM. THREATENED SLUMP IN WAGES. MASS MEETING MOOTED. The presence of two delegates from the Tailoresses' Union, the only woman's trade organisation represented on the Council at last Friday's meeting,' prompts the query why ?women workers are not better organised and, considering their numbers, more adequately re presented on the Council. To say nothing of the army of domestic workers who so sadly need organising, and seem so impossible to organise, there are numerous classes of woman workers who could, and should, be organised. Nurses and mid wives, ?women clerks, typewriters aud the like, and -women shop assistants of all kinds, would find their own best interests served if, dropping all those absurd ' frills' .which only serve to play them into, the hands and leave them at the mercy of the employer class, they formed, their own' unions and . came into line with other workers. Such is the state of society that they will not yet be able to protect themselves from scabs of their own. sex. To even suggest union ism to these, however, smacks of the industrial millenium. We can, however, justly and reason ably wonder and regret that the various branches in which woman workB, and works hard, in our factories are not adequately repre sented in the. Parliament of Labour, and in too many cases; have not even the ghost of a union. Man's interests and woman's interests too often clash in very many departments of factory work, and they must. continue to clash while for the same work women are content to accept less pay than man can afford to accept. This no doubt gives rise to some disinclination on the part, of some men. to help in organising the factory women : but surely the danger these women are exposed to from the cutting propen sities of too many o-hei'B of their sex should be sufficient incentive to. them to organise on their own lines and on their own initiative. There is some danger to trades unionism itself in the fact 'that there is such a large body of unorganised but regular female workers in the various factories, at the mercy of an owner's whim, and capable of competing with their . fathers'ahd brothers at sweating rates when it suits their owner's interests. Organisation and representation on -the Trades Hall Council would at least do much to establish something like defined 'spheres of influence' for men and for women in the trades. . The question of the competition of women and children, willing to do the same work as rnen at veiy low wages, is a terribly serious one. for all;' workers. It has not yet been properly tackled by political economist, philosopher, or trade unionist. If it goes on unrestricted, and if machinery goes on reducing all industrial operations to a routine simplicity, the inevitable xesult must be that first; the women and then the childen will do the work of the world, and most of the men be unemployed. For the very same reaBons hold against cheap women and child labour as hold against the labour of cheap imported foreigners of every colour. The same evils result— namely, the reduction of the standard of 'comfort of the class of workers affected, and the consequent deterioration ot the mental and physical stamina of their families. Yet all who believe in Democracy must assert woman's equal right with man to enter upon any sphere of work she chooses.' She has that right (although whether it is in the best interests of the race, anyway, that it should be necessary that she should have to assert her undoubted right is a somewhat aguable question). , In the existence . of this right to engage in any work, and in the fact that at present woman* ' tends to be content with less payment for the same work than man, lies one of the Dilemmas of Democracy ; or, as some very wise people would say —it is an Antinomy of Industrialism. Whether it will be solved or explained, we are not Sphinx enough at present to say, but it is clear that the primary step to solution is organisation. For organisation means education, a moral education which teaehes that we have duties as, well as rights, and a mental education, which points out clearly the economic folly of cutting the thioat of one's husband, lover, father or brother. ~. - ?...'??.'.'.?* ''???.* ': : ???;o- : '? . TRADES FEDERATION. This expression; like a'somewhat notorious congener j is fast becoming somewhat of a commonplace. This is good, provided that its : meaning and its difficulties are not overlooked. That there are difficulties, the resignation of the Trades: Hall committee on the subject shows. . They have worked hard, but from their number, from resignations, and from their inability to meet more than one night a week, they found it . impossible, to draw np a scheme in time for the forthcoming Brisbane Conference. ? . After the adoption of J? resident Hyman's report on-- the matter, Delegate Solly (Boot niakcis)' moved that three members of the Council be appointed to bring up a Echeme,lhat they should meet in theday- time, atd be paid for their services. : ; Delegate Findley objected to woik which could be done at night, or in the leisure time of N members, being paid for. ,'\ Most of the discussion, which followed, turned \- °n. *ae question of payment, the balance of .' Opinion being in favour of the principle. . *? / One of the planks of The Tocsin platform ^'being ' Public Payment for all Public Services,' it is naturally inclined, by analogy of reasoning, to advocate Trades Hall payment for Trades Hall services.- But Tins' Toosin also remembers . that, while the public purse is somewhat of the Fortunatus type, the Trades Hall purse and the. Labour purse generally is very far from being of that kind. Necessary services, which must be done in working hours,, should assuredly be p'aid for (or, as one speaker happily put it last Friday, 'they should be remunerated — not paid/'). But we are afraid that the too frequent application of the principle of payment, whether for work at the Hall or on deputations, will tend to sap the spirit of self-sacrifice, which has done so much to make the Trades Hall the institution it is. It will nevei\do for the notion to become general that ' working for the Cause is a paying game' (in the sordid sense, of course, we mean), and we accordingly sincerely trust that neither the recent deputation regulation, nor other instances of necessary and unavoidable pay ments, will damp the volunteer spirit in the ranks of Victorian Laoour. We do not hesitate to say that payment for services which can be done in the leisure time of Trades Hall delegates is at the present time unjustifiable. We, of course, do not pronounce judgment in the matter of paying the Trades Hall Federation; com mittee, because if the scheme has to be com pleted in a week, so as to enable it to be properly discussed before the May conference, the matter would appear to be amongst .the exceptions, and to justify payment, During the discussion, some delegates said that the honour and glory of the. thing should be sufficient payment in most cases, but there, is something higher than honour and glory, namely duty and love of one's fellow men. These two have been the'bright particular stars of true Democracy ail along the line, and what ever honour and glory the Trades Hall has acquired in the best periods of its career, it owes no small part to them, It will be an ill day for Labour if their influence is now to wane. Delegate Graham (Certificated Bnginedrivers) moved an amendment on Delegate Solly's motion to the effect that the Vic. delegates to Brisbane should have a free, hand to devise a scheme. This was lost, and the motion was carried. On this amendment, and on a subse quent motion by the same delegate, that a com mittee of three be appointed to draw up the scheme, and that they should also form the delegation to Brisbane, there was an interesting discussion on the desirability of the , scheme being thoroughly thrashed out by the whole , Council before being sefitcbn, and on the ques tion whether the Melbourne delegates should go to Brisbane pledged to- support the Melbourne scheme, or as representatives with somewhat of a free hand. (Toutcher's experience with the Richmond natives on the Art Union question was incidentally alluded to in illustration of the possible evils of unpledged representation.) The election of a sub-committee to draw up a scheme, resulted in Delegates Barrett, King aud Sell being appointed. (A regrettable indisposi . tion to take part in the highly important work of this sub-committee was shown, only, four out of twelve nominated standing for election.) Delegate Cawse raised the question as to whether any specific number of delegates from each Trades Hall to the Brisbane Conference had been, decided upon at the last Adelaide Conference, The consideration of the matter was postponed until minutes could be consulted. Curious combinations during the calling out of the election results : — Barrett Sell King, King Sell Barrett. .1 . . * , * * . A CLOUD IN'- THE BUILDING TBADE. Delegate Hoy land (Builders' Labourers) re ported with regret that the building trades, had received notice from the Builders and Contrac tors' Association that three mouths from date ?they intended to withdraw from the agreement entered into with the trades at the conference held last October. The agreement was that from January 1 last builders' labourers should be paid 7s. per day, and carters and bricklayers 9s. per day. The reason given for the notice was that certain contractors had got men for less money, and the association could not' agree to continue under those conditions, on account of the injustice which was done to other contrac tors who were willing to pay a fair, rate of wages The association said they threw the onus of their withdrawal on the trades them selves. Hoyland remarked that unfortunately the building trades were not so well organised as they should be, and he appealed to the Coun- , cil for help to organise them better. Delegate Gilbert, who was sure all the other trades would assist the building trades, moved the adoption of Hoyland 's report. 1 Delegate Solly, who thought that more than formal adoption was necessary,, moved that the executive committee shoufd'^Be empowered to call a mass meeting of the ? building txadeB, to urge them to organise their forces. . * * ' *. ?. . . . ? BILLSON ON BLEB DEES. Delegate Billson pointed out that a few mem bers of the building trade started a union, and were able in a few months to obtain a rise in wages, while the reduction now. threatened, in the wages was through a few men who always opposed unionism. The . majority of the con tractors, were perfectly 'willing to pay the wage, ??? and only regretted the fact that other. men who were not in the union were willing to give their labour to other contractors, and so. unfairly en able them to get' work done for less money. The whole thing, from one point of view, was a grand example of 1 he effects of union, and from another was a striking example of the power of non- unionism to pull down wages. With curious obtuseness, Delegate Cawse (Plumbers) refused to see that an intention 'to withdraw from the agreement' meant a threat to reduce wages Delegate Cawse was surely intended for a casuist, . , The motions were carried. ' . . * ? ?.*'.?.' * ' LUMPEE'S LOCK- OUT. A telegram was received from 3?. Davies, of Perth, to the following effect : — ' Lock-out lumpers, Fremantle. Proposed reduction wages. 'Warn men against coming.' , Labour Member Sangster, M.L.A., asked who F. Davies was ? He was not the secretary of the Lum pers' Society, for that officer was Mr. Easmussen. The Wharf Labourers' Union, Victoria, had had a telegram from Mr. Easmussen, and had in structed their men to make known the position of affairs in the West. A letter was received from ' Clipper' Paton, of Hobart, thanking Council for sympathyand good will in his election campaign. „--- '?'''' 