; CHRISTIAN SOCIALISM. Preached in St. Peter's Cathedral Ade-' laide, by the Bev. A. G. B. West, M.A. ' They had all tilings common.— Acts iv., 32. Very diverse are the views which have. been held about this first social proceed ing of the early Christians. It has been held on the one hand that this touching community o£ goods 'when the multitude of them that . believed were of one heart and 'soul, neither said any that aught of the things which, he had was. his own,' was a return to the blissful state of Para-' dise. That it was the natural and inevit able result of a belief strongly felt and openly confessed in a new state of things beginning with the outpouring of Holy Ghost at Penticost. How could they do anything else, they who waited daily for the visible coming again of Christ, and their own reception into immediate glory, but despise in comparison ..all earthly dis tinctions of rank and wealth and posses sion? How could they fail who had just received such blessings as the certainty of eternal life and forgiveness of their sins, to bountifully share all worldly temporal things with the brethren of such a com mon hope. Generously and unreservedly, at any rate, they did so. 'As many as had houses of lands sold them, and brought the price and laid it at the apostle's feet, and distribution was made to every man ac cording as he had need.' Into one com mon treasury all the possessions of the believers were poured; the wealthy had not too much, and the poor all had enough. Simplicity,, contentment, and peace per vaded the society until by the sin of Ananias and Sapphira, sin and deceit, dis trust' and confusion again entered in, and the second state of innocence was marred by a second fall. There is another view held of this first Christian attempt at socialism. That it was a foolish attempt to carry the prin ciples of the Gospel into regions where they were not applicable, and before the ground was prepared. That it was a weli lntenribned bnt wholly .mistaken enthu siasm, 'bordering on religious .mania. It is said by those who hold Mik vimv t,iia+. the Ghuroh in Jerusalem neglected their duties on earth by linking overmuch of tareir .treasure m heaven. The subseauent poverty of fha.t churdh. which made it necessary for St. Paul to collect subscrip tions from all the other churches in order to succour these too-en'terprising saints, was the. necessary punishment for destroy ing capital iand uBKleciine ordinary busi ness principles. . It may be that this is the true v*w, and that 'Khe incident is related for our warning, not our imitation. There can be no dtoubt, a't least, about -the sulbse auent distress -of the Church dn Jerusa lem. And yet, no one will deny that however mistaken in detail and effect the attempt was, it was still a. step in the rieht direc tion. 2\O'tlnng is so plain in the words and acts of the Lord as .tike duty of ail men bo 'hold what they lhave as a trust from God; as talents which tney are bound to use foir me benefit of bheir fellow-men. Go and self alJ that 't!hou ha*s. and cLvo to tthe poor, a.nd thou shalt have treasure in 'Jreaven is His word . to the neb vovvnar man. For 'how hardly shall they that have riches enter into the kingdom of God.' It was a step in the right direction, and t'hc7-efore many have heen the attempts since to attain to a truer realisation of the JVimrdom' of God upon earth. It was this which heiped 'to cive to monastic houses, their power and endurance. In them joint ownership in all earthly eoo'ds was a prime principle of life. Differ ence olf duties in these 'small worlds of course there must ever be, as in every as sembly where men are different in capa bilities and endowment. But when the object of livinjr together was one. the life one, 'the worship one, the needs of life Were to be supplied from one common source. Corporate selfishness, indeed, crept in to ruin the noWe attempt. But nevertheless, bfeifore tihe destruction of re Ijteious 'houses in England, it h?.d beei clearly shown how great were the Wessines of unselfish poverty and forge fcfulness of riches. Now, it nee'ds no very .profound dns.jrtit into .the 'skfls of -'the times .to see thai trie , future is big with projects wh:ich Hiaye for their aim the more equable distribution of tJhfi material wealth of the world. Never before was there suoli a ?wid-?suread snu-ii of benefieient 'philanthropy abroad. Hos pitals, 'hom'es of refuge, schemes for the lessening of tine -hours of labor, for iie pre vei)ti-jn of cruelty to civil dneu oj* ainm.ils for the benefiting of t'he -poor and sick sr.d deffiVcdess, are supported by the over whelming- influence of puMie sentiment. It is ithe spirit of altruism, o'f thinking and feeling for others. There . are, no doubt, seeds of weajeness as well as of strength in this.' There- is a danger lest' men should mistake philanthropy for re ligion and generosity for godliness. It is. an easy and obvious : escape from doubts' about theology to say, -'With men's souls we can do nothing, but with their bodies we can do much; and gladly will I give my. mite to help them.' The mistake is com mon, and it is. dangerous. . For the love of humanity in itself gives no guarantee for the .permanence of the unselfish, feel ing. /To raise' mankind to a state of greater comfort, greater decency, greater culture, is .no doubt a worthy,, noble aim; to lessen misery and lighten toil and miti gate distress' is certainly. a Ghrjstlike work: it has been-the Worlc of the Ghiircb in all ages. But not in these . latter de,ys', may we assume, that' it ^can' be done effectively without the aid of' that faith which has been its mainspring .arid support through out tbe_i)ast. : Lpv0 for men muBt be grounded . upon lo.ve; of God and the Son of Man in order to be.permanent; Here: seems tobe 'the great distinction between Christian socialism and that other lower socialisms .Syhich is grasping, de structive, selfish. $h- firat^sayW'We are all one man in :Ohrist JesuB. , .^uehy hings as I have a^e but^lfepts.'Ueld-iniJledge^ for wjiiciiiil jiing.t-j!n[y£ ? ^fli^yi^ndj jfchey W* IPPiiliii .ISe Wte, affluent MA.^MSs^m^lX^,^ /inust -tpu anfl^weat $gv iffi?-3iailjr^3)lr|aafK;.' ,^hail 'Mk!^^^»ii^MM^^0^&^:d 'live;;isjtSie:id^6nWt^ni^v&|tS!o£- Mojp&p-;'1 ?^a;A.;^^^^1ii'^^is^l^'g^Kito0-i^-v^ J^cb.a4pioned ^npeen*sel?;E3B;'SM*Jtinle'!'& itend : amtiiai;: : 4iiren0i'.3M'^iii^c^'M: isy ': ibaniaB ^^^41:^131^101^$.^;/^ -*i)ebple; .;- boards;--' All ihine; in iiiiiilie, 'aiid 'X ;:wili ,'- -. have it.' .-. It is the ydice xA yiblfino^i^d ^ 'malice,: of envy and:$atr£d,' akid unchafi- ''???:? *KWenessM;hiB ::vbice?.6f15tlie??deyiL- and not; the vojde of^iGtod./CSut without a: doubt Christians- Tj,aV^; given bccasioil for' sticn . cries by not. pursuing' the principles .--f :their creed.'- '..??.'.' . ' What'ca.n we do to make clear to all the world our belief in this our duty, so to use our gifts as to show that they are not our own ? The experience of history' and the teaching of the Apostles at once seem to- show us that nothing unnatural and notliing artificial is demanded of us or can be successful. 'We need not bid for cloistered cell J . Our neighbor and the world, farewell.' We are to be in . the world, though not oi it. The Urder ot tet. Francis which, perhapB, more than any other single influence served to waken and in spire the Church of the Middle Ages, was unable to kee- for long the vow of abso- ' ?lute poverty which its founder laid down. And it is not in any Quixotic return to Neo-Mediaevalism either in thought, or worship, or life, that we can embody the Gospel for the nineteenth century. Neither can it be. by' any wilful givng up of our personal resp'onsiDilities. The family, the nation, the race, are indeed units of which we each as individuals are but insignificant parts. We are, to use the image which the Lord Himself was so fain to use, but twigs and tiniest branches of the world-embracing vine, while the beauty and power- and grace of the whole denends upon the loyal perfctr mance of its duty by each individual twig. That idea, then, according to which Paradise shall be brought back to the earth by labor-saving apparatus and motivial ease; by sapping the springs of energy, by countenancing sloth and hin dering personal effort, is misleading and unscnptural. There can be no satisfac tion compared with the conscious reward of sustained endeavor. To abolish the need of effort is to take away from hie its greatest value, its healthiest discipline, its purest pleasure. » But still, what can be done? There should be' some practical advice to ? give. I venture to suggest two possible' ways. We might, first of all, set apart some por tion of our income to be given for the service of others — a first charge upon our estate for the use of God. What that charge should be let each man decide. Whether it be a tenth, or whether it be less, it ought at least to be jfixed and cer tain. We can lay aside week by week some of our wages; or month by month some of our salary, for a coming holiday — cannot we do as much for others and for God? And, secondly, we can be content to show the nobility of a simpler way of living. We can prove — and never was the lesson more needed than now— that the Kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost. So at any rate should we be guarded against the commoner forms of vulgarity and ostentation, of useless waste and mere parade, and to do this is~ but the outcome of our creed. Lastly, if we cannot see the way to fol low literally this example of socialism in the early Church, whether it was wise or unwise, we can at least recognise and honor' its spirit, and prove what is cer tainly true^ — that then first have we known the full eniovraent of our gifts when we have begun to sbare them with others. 