The Grey Eagle of the Atlantic. CHAPTER Y. ; Silly Bill crept to tlio door, opened it softly and looked, out to see which way Steve Crane was going. Day was justbrcaking, nnd tho green waves of tho bay danced before a spanking breeze from the south-east. Crano went to tho beach, put tho rollers under his largest boat, a pinky-built craft with a lug mainsail and a jib beside, launched her, and put in a water- keg and a pair of oars. He was too old a hand to risk being blown ; off shore without being ready for it. As soon as he was ready he hoisted his sails and stood out to sea,, heading for the cape to the southward, or a fleet of vessols under easy sail that could be seen thcre- away, | Bill watched his master until lie was a long ?way out, so far tbat he couldn't have got back to shore for an hour if ho tried. Then' the poor fellow looked up toward the loft, and said in a tone that seemed full of reference : ' Miss Reney, may I speak tew yeou ? Mr. Crane has gone away in his 'boat and can't . hear me, and I've got somethin' dreadful nice tew tell yeou.' 'Very well, Bill, I'll come down, in a few minutes.' . ' Oh, gee whittaker jewsliarps ! Isn't it better'n a drum and fife tow hear her ? If she isn't an angel, then angels has died oat !' In a little while Irene Crane came down, looking as bright and beautiful as one of her own garden roses. ' What have you to tell me, Bill ?' she asked. ' Oh, Miss Reney, lest look here. He gin 'em tew me.' And Bill shook out an almost new coat, blue, swallow-tailed, and with bright buttons — a ?waist-coat, as it was termed in those days, and a pair of light cassimere pantaloons. ' Ho gin 'em tow me. Oh, won't I sliino ? Gee whittaker jewsharps and git eout !' ' Who is tho he that was so kind as to give jou such nice clothes, Bill ?' ' Oh, Miss Reney, he is almost as pooty as you be, with hair like sunshine on a bed o' . marigolds, and eyes like violets swimmin' in dew. But I forgot, he gin me nis piotur in a lookup o' goold, tow give tew yeou, and he told me tew tell yeou that yeou might keep it till he come arter it.' 'It was very bold of him,' said Irene Crane, taking the picture, however, and looking at it earnestly. ' How did he know anything about me, I should like to learn ?' 'Why, Miss Reney, it was me that told him. Yeou know, I'm a thinkin' of yeou, by day, and a dreamin' of yeou by night, and I don'tknow how it come 'bout, but it did some way, and he said it was a pity such an angel should lead a hermit life, and he meant to come ' and see yeou.' 'Did he truly say that, Bill ?' ' May I never seo Chris'mas if he didn't, Miss Reney.' ' Who is he, Bill ? What is his name ?' ' I hearn the widder that keeps tavern call him Mr. Launcelot Morley, Miss Reney, and he is an o'ssifer and is goin' tew fight in the ?wars.' ' Launcelot is a pretty name, and lie is a ?very handsome man,' Bill. But I am afraid it is not right for me to keep his picture.' ' Oh, Miss Reney, he looks so good and so manly, if ho is young, and he isn'tlike them harum scarnm chaps that's always a-pokin' their fun at me. Don't make me take it back tew him, for I know it would make him feel bad and I wouldn't help tew do that fpr nothin'.' 'Well, Bill, I will keep it until he comes, and then give it back myself. But mv father ?will never permit his visits. Did you not tell him so ?' * 'Yes, Miss Reney, but if yeou'd see his eyes when he said he'd come, yeou'd .a know'd he'd come if Stove Crane had a bushel o' pis tols stuck in his face.' _ ' Why lie does not look ferocious in his picture !' said Irene, with a smile. 'No — it isn't that. He isn't ono of yeour blusterin', swearin' sort, that comes a tearin'. He s as smooth as a razor, and he'll cut too, when anythin' stands in his way.' 'Well, BUI, I will keep the picture, and say nothing about it to my father. . By the -way, do you know where ho has gono ?' 'Yes, Miss Reney, I think I do. Yeou see lie has been a givin' the ships off there — the British war ships, I mean — news about our .. Yankeo ships in here. And when I got hum he got me skeered, 'cause he was goin' tew ?wallop mo for staying which I did by gittin' tired and goin' to sleep. And so I told him about the Gray_ Eagle privateer bein' agoin' down tew stop in Salem Harbor for three or four days, not thinkin' that my newfriend and yeour pictur'-man, Mr. Launcelot Mqrley . is a lieutonant on board of her, and I guess Steve Crane has gone out tew toll them nien o -war of it, bo they can go down there tow take her. ' Bill, this must not be. Tlie captain of that privateer must be warned of his danger,' cried . Irene, with an air of intense excitement. ' Gee whittaker jewsharps, Miss Reney, how yeou do spunk up ! How'ro. we tow git nows aboard tho privateer ?' ' Has sho already gone down to Salem ?' ' Yes'm ! She went by here afore daylight and is tew anchor there long afore now.' 'It is but two or three hours' sail' down there— hardly that with this wind.' 'The goin' down wouldn't take an hour ma'am— the comin' back might 'take two or three.' .' ' How long will it. take my fathor. to reach those ships P' , ' Longer than 'twould tow go tow Salom an' back.' 'Then get n boat ready, quickly, Bill — not a word ; when my father is not hore, I am mistress not a word. Wo will go and warn tho privateer of her danger, and if possible get hack hero beforo my father returns. If wo do not I will face his anger and dcclai-o that I wanted to have a sail and did so.' . ' Wall, Miss Reney, I'll go. I'd rather die for yeou than live for him, and I don't kcer how soon he knows it. I'll liavo tho shallop xca^y in jest a minnte- — bo git on yeour mantlo and hood.' ? CHAPTER YI. Prom the Hen and Chickens tavern, much to the regret of Dorothy' Flint, widow and owner, Lieutenant Launcelot Morley departed about half an hour after Silly Bill had gone his way. The regret of the fair widow was heightened ' by tho fact that her temporary guest not only failed to question her exorbitant bill, but threw down double its amount with the remark that ho rather liked ' widders' and believed in providing for their necessities whenever they ran in his way. Indeed, in hard times, such customers aro too few in number to be parted with otherwise than sorrowfully. Tlie young officer was preceded by Jaok Ghost who boro a large sized ^portmanteau containing his wardrobe. Jack went on at a prodigious rato of speed, for as ho said it must, bo near tho turn of tide, and Captain Barnacle Backstay had enjoined upon him to be on board beforo tho ebb of tide if it wero possible. It took but a few minutes for them to reach i a pier opposite what ho called the Charlestown Bight, an indentation in the western shore near where tho Navy Yard is now situated. Here a long, narrow gig, painted lead color, with six drowoy rowers seated on their respec tive thwarts, waited for them. ' All alive, my hearties — all alive, and send ns aboard fluking,' cried Jack, as ho jumped into the stern sheets, followed by the young ! officer. ' Shovo off, there, in tho bow— up oars, let fall and give way.' In an instant each oarsman was wideawake — the orders wero obeyed as quickly as given, ana tne long, sharp boat pulled swittiy over the water toward tho masts of a vessel lying a half dozen cables distant, for even so near as that, her hull could not be 'dis- tinguished from tho grayish wators'of the bay. t But between them and the sky the tall, 'raking masts and tho thread-like rigging could be plainly traced by the eye. ' Boat ahoy !' came out sharply, as the gig approached the vessel. ' Ay, ay !' was tho distinct cry of Jack Ghost, indicating by it that a lieutenant was in the boat. In a few seconds — ' in bow' — then ' in of all' broke from tho coxswain's lips, and the boat ran smoothly alongside tho low hull of the Gray Eagle of the Atlantic. 'Welcome aboard, my dear ? Launcelotr wolcome aboard. Did Jack Ghost give you my message regarding a visit to Salem har bor?' cried Captain Barnacle Backstay, as he grasped the young officer by the hand when he leaped on deck. ' Yes, Captain Backstay ; and if you choose to run the risk of hearing thunder from the enemy's fleet outside for the privilege of hear ing softer music from the lips and harpsi chord of'my sister Constance, I don't seo why, as a wilful man, you should not obey the incli nations of your spirit.' ' Will Constance be glad to see me ?' ' If I said no I'd tell a falsehood, so you must use your judgment. She, as well as, your humble servant, would hate to see you run any unnecessary peril — but whon peril can do our country, instead of a lovesick girl, any good, consider me in for the chances.' ' All right, Launcelot — all right ; I shall go. Boatswain's mate. Call all hands up anchor and bear a hand about it. Have the deck tackles rose, to use when we're hove short. Till then, run in the cable hand over. hand. I'll be on deck by the time you're ready for loosing sail. Come below, Launcelot, till I show you where to sling your hammock.' The Gray Eagle, though showing so little bulk above water, was deep below, as her high, roomy after cabin proved when Launce lot Morley entered it. And there, by the light of the large, swing ing lamp, he had a good chance to look at the young commander of the fastest and best privateer in the American service. Was it a wonder that Constance Morley loved such a man ? He was only of medium height, but his form was the perfection of manly beauty — indicating in every limb grace, activity and strength. His fine head was well set on broad, sloping shoulders — his features were regular, of the woman order — his large, blue eye clear as the sea off soundings — his nut brown hair, soft and glossy, wavily lying about a high, white forehead, and clinging in long curls about his neck, exposed by the open shirt collar and carelessly knotted handker chief of black silk. The expression of his face indicated a mind of quick intelligence, a cool and quiet bravery far more effective than wild impulse or im petuous folly — a determination that would never yield to adversity or turn aside because an obstacle rose beforo it. 'Here, my dear boy, in this state-room, the only ono in the cabin, by tho way, you'll swing your hammock. My black boy, Mos quito, will attend to all your wants, when you aro ready to turn in. Hero he lies, coiled up like a babboon on a sand-hill. 'Mosquito — Mosquito, wake up— wake up nnd sling a ham mock: tor the new lieutenant of marines here.' And Captain Backstay used his foot to roll over and shako up a littlo negro boy of about half his own age, which, by his looks did not exceed thirty years. ' Do deb — deb — debil. Wh — what's de mat — matter, mas' cap'n,' stuttered tho black boy, as ho scrambled to his feet, and rubbing his woolly, head, looked first at tho captain and then at the young lieutenant. . ' ' Work for you, blacking-boy. ' Don't you [ know who this is ?' ? ' j ' Yes, mas' cap'n ; dat's your bres — bressed sweet — sweetheart's bves — bressed brud— brudder.' Then make up a bed and sling a hammock for my blessed sweetheart's brud, brudder, and be in a hurry about it, or I'll take two kinks and a half out of your back.' Mas cap'n, it's bad 'nough for me to stu stutter, widout you mock— mocking a poor nig nigger like mo. Guess Miss Con— Constance nobber does it wh — when I carries lnb lot — letters 'shore to her.' you imp ; if you wasn't a nigger and tho best of your sizo that ever sailed under W°-i -tTr kreakyour neck for your impudence.' _ Wore hove short, Captain Backstay,' cried a rough voice from the head of tbo cabin ladder. \ All right, boatswain — tell Lieutonant Gushing, to loose sail. . I'll bo on deck .in a minute. 't Ay- ay, sir !' ; ? 'Now. LauncoIot, my /hoy, look into the lockers, take what you want to oat, drink, or wear. Remember that here below we are brothers, and if on deck I have to be sharp and decisive, speaking to you as I do to the rest, that it is for the sake of discipline. This bit of ebony here, Mosquito, is tho only one on board who ever dares to take any liberty with me, and ho presumes on the fact that I saved his lifp once in Havana harbour, when he was near becoming shark feed.' ' Dat am a f-fac', mas' cap'n — dat am a fac' ! Dis chi — chilo owes you a life, and he goin' to pay you b-back some d-day !' said the boy, gratefully. - ' Excuse me now, Launcelot — I must go on deck to get nnder way and. pilot the schooner out. We've not moro than time enough to clear the bay by daylight, and I want sea-; room before any of ,the enemy outside see the cut of my canvas. Once there, on a wind or off it, I'll defy tho smartest of them to catch j my gallant Eagle when her wings aro spread.' ' I'll go on deck with von — 'for I'm no more sleepy now than an owl approaching a hen roost !' said the young officer. (To be continued'). 