liXl'MOllDINAlil' (JKliPULliY. NEW SECT IN AilEItlCA. \- EW YORK, September 1. Mountebauks appealiug to the cre dulity of tbe iguoiaii! in the name ol rcl''ion are always with us. This veal the most successful and notorious ol these is a mau who calls himself the Rev. Frank W. Sand ford, -who has 01 ganUetl an. association to which he lias Riven the name of The Holy Ghost aud ts bucietv, and which lias just held a session ot eight days ou a hill ill tut state of Maine. Sandford appeared on this hill turee years ago, villi a spade in his hands, aud began to dig, saying that he had been commanded by Gou to crect a temple there, aud revolution ise tho religions of the world. His zeal was infectious, and those who came to scoff remained to assist. More than two hundred men from (he adjaccnt fanning districts joined liini in the work without ? ? Every day lie prayed f»u money, and soon it began lo roll in. for the deluded agriculturists sold their farms, an., gave him the proceeds, and onntributions came from others. One fanner sold all he had, except, a Herd ol ho;;*. --esc be killed, and buried, because Sandford regarded them as un clean animals, and would not receive the value of them in cash. With tl e uuumuuiioiis ot \iu- last uivcc years Sandford has erected a 'Temple of Truth,' consisting of four buildings, enclosing a court, and has expended more than 100,000 dol. on them. At ti e beginning of the recent convention he remarked that 20,000dol. was needed He prayed for that sum, and immedia tely afterwards exhibited tbe money, asserting that- it had been sent to hi. i from tbe Almighty. The society now has about 3000 members. Sandford baptised manv newcomers during the convention, plunging them into a ri ver, while liis followers on the bank shouted, 'Hallelujah!' In bis 't-uh*ic addresses he predicts that England and America will soon unite to subdue the whole wor.a with fire and sword. At tho close of the convention lie sailed for England, promising to bring Wk a large sum of money. Probably l e will-return, for there is much more mo ney to be drawn from the credulous for the support of his projects. The so ciety's property was left in cbarg; of loyal assistants, or confederates. 