"Judge Not." If (By the 'Author of "An 'Austral r,., If! "The Silent Sea," Pfs \- SHks SOOPYRiGHT.j CHAPTER IV. iSi Hermann Joblonsky was a German Ri who had Icrt his native land in pntsiP more political freedom and a climate be-. SsS adapted to the requirements ot lungs. He was a born musician am „. 6 poser, but occasional bad health am) . ' pSgl manently Irritable temper, coupled wlttittrfepW element of bad luck to which many o( it, who are endowed with the artistic t(mtt ment seem peculiarly liable, had rental Pla his career In Australia the reverse of suttij fnL He had lived in Mlllowic for sun years, and there he had a!«.ij» Lc.i,o'» of a competency for himself and wife ui two children, for he was easily flmt ol a who ever taught music In the district, what he called the "bard, sordid millca'l the exile from kindred souls in the attn HP which he was so passionately devotcd-iu jgS in the course of time become lutolerahle 3 bim. Hence bis removal to Slelboare, jfjp where Mary found, during her previous iifj Sk? that he was getting Into low waler-tom Si health and finances. Ijju She bad since then contrived to help th |wjj family, by means of corresponding with a. Sffll wife— a thrifty, loving little woman, eh S'j cooked and washed, and darned nud yrflfj wised to the last farthing, niul bore her am Ifpii with saintlike patience, as the wife 1 " fi genius in a world where mediocrity Is tf, nmphant. The family now lived la »i /(hi Melbourne. Mary went by the cable tts»- Sh| way as far as Haines-street, and tta Wjx walked eastward half a mile to the hem || ?t they occupied — one In n row of dwellings# tih that shnbliy genteel order which bin 1 || pathos all their own In the evidence thj figg bear within and without of a band to trail |twi struggle to keep the squalor of poverty 1: sfifijj bty. p! "Aeh, hut how good It Is to see you, chili,' Ip said Frau Joblonsky, with overflowing ejq p| as she ushered her visitor into the sitting- j|fi room, that was half filled by the Hecbsttii ?$>! grand piano and a capacious stand for mnsl', feffl in fou? divisions, full to overflowing; also 1 tall wide bookense in the same condition— ri sfp@ well known to Mary of old. She heard will dismay how 111 her old master had be; though he was now well enough to be r, work again. "Only while he wan in t!i doctor's hands it was your help and tbegcci iSM lady who has come to live with us fen |p$ few months that kept the wolf from tb a® aoor; and Hermann all the time saying win ||| a wonderful manager I am. My dear, ya gpj must let me tell you how much you do Is ns. It feds like breaking several o( lit commandments to keep the matter seta j||| as you wished," said Frau Joblonsky, wit soft, rapid Dresden way of talking tnd ||5 Mary's knowledge of German to the titan?, pjt' These confidences were cut 6hort by llet A trance of the master of the house, ub greeted Mary with all the enthusiasm oil musician for. n capable and nffcclioBilt aSg pupil, whom he has taught for sli l«rt||jL years. "Oh, just tbe usual thing, Marleebcn,"h||| said, In answer to her Inquiries, as hcsirtffi Into an old easy chair and began 10 mih||||| himself n eignrettc. "Once more 1 have dis- covered that I must sink Into n r 1 thrasher for the sake of peace, ami reuouoa my dreams of being an artist— uot a mw copyist -of tbe outside of things, hu: / -- j whose vision has been enlarged to npp - ' that great realm of serene beauty, b«l.( ||| which the menu lives of silly men and » men seem like an Incredible fnldc. . . ||S thought that one of tbe Imperishable torcta ||f had been handed to me for t lit- lllumin- ||h tlon of the Inner life. But no— It appeal ||| I came into the world I11 order that Ignona |-|jv mothers should command me to teach lb- s||j daughters 'nice showy pleees' brislllag a |S| arpeggios nnd cross hands passages. . ||| It is belter that I should burn these m || forget my dreams." He glanced as he spoke towards a h box' strongly bound Willi copper, that Me | close to the piano— a: box that Mary k® was ' full of This compositions, f MSS.— operas . full of soft ' ( A dies -and llerv patriotism, syniphouh'S ' fw after stormy lielgh ts oil which ftnl battles seemed, to be fought incited Into rt turous reveries, "sonnets that were llkec nied glimpses iiTto' a liind In which the mott alius of common' life were like thep j-J g|j toins' oit a'grbtesqnc dream; funeral """T KB with eudeiiccs so weird that they sccnte ot he; playing a whole nation to the ciueiu1-' viou' of'tiie gravi;. f » "Oh, no, uoV dear Herr Professor, you u not destroy oncMcaf," said Mary, cagi'v |g "I wunt you, If you will he so very goo , play 111c one of your own coniposltloas a 1 || you know how I love them all." ., W Joblonsky without a word seated S at the piano, nnd began to play a stra a . was scarcely above a wldsper, iniiuh»--v del-, and pi- netrated with iuefiahle chuly. Gradually the music eluiagei passionately, thrilled with the hues c,| Be of undying life and beauty. The poor MB shabby 100111, with Its worn carpet ' JSM chintzes, tbe travel worn box in « 1 1 H| failure ot n man's existence was loekca ra —these, with all the rabble of archie" » 'H| spoil the better possibilities of the 1 gH race, were ns If swept away like " « 1 leaf before a rising storm. The o»<\- 'JM suro and real soeuied to he thai Ihes' Bffl immorlul, nud that Its lUiiiilliildi passing from one experience m 111,1 uinl.es the riddle of the world eohercn - chief among spiritual Influences. ' |H opens the door Into "the Imj'erlsbu ' , j senecs serene, whieli nre the niasler r. all our seeiug." . .. KiuHl1''1 Y- |g the midst of this high v chant, there came a strange 'Baafflir'-.i - n Ilcep ' foreboding «398g from one in deadly peril, estranged ifflffiBKi aud cut off from the lielp of mau. mllsic ebauged Into the first mm&\- in profound tenderness and 1 ®SS®ly slowly, slowly merging ' ISiSnt exalted peace which the OT»can neither give nor take S®3»®Aud then ail was "still, except lingering vibrations In the air, that < IwInP 'cw ' 115 t0 whoro IIe whispe.r# in reason »nd welcome, 'tis we mu- i lllfflKMarlcclicn, what is tills?" said Job- . iKfflfturnlng round to And Mary's tears iflMiuke summer rain. pSs® "»ii,ic Is t0<> l0V0,y for j she said' brokenly; "you MiSWhrn down beyond sorrow Itself, and feel that life Is something more s ?I|lr poor little plans." , SbfflEmy ehlhl, what do yon know of sor- jlg&ggiald; Joblonsky, in a bait aggrieved I gave Mary a whimsical Idea. Her ; er resented her glancing at such cx- \- ler&ffliw;, even In thought. I rent denl. perhaps," Bho replied, she dried her eyes; "but you best china doll docs get cracked was going to nsk lilni to play one lliovcn sonatas, when she was j the appearance of a pale-faced the door— Miss Joyce, with all gouc out of her face, her figure Itered, and,. as Mary noticed In nick, observant glance, with a Ing on this wedding finger, or part, did not sec Mary, who half concealed by the piano on irther from the door, until she ed Into the room, snylng— ou Improvise In that way, Herr you make me come to you like per of Ilamoliu." our lodger, Marie, who was so ithlldc and .the children when I Id Joblonsky, seeing the two look icr In a somewhat constrained L'pou this limping Introduction and held out her hand. /treble's wife," she thought, her jbing as If It were a woodland ily Imprisoned, "and I must mnko h her." noinent Frnti Joblonsky put lior the door, snylng In a low voice, there Is n lady who has come about music lessons for two of erg. Do, my heart, try and be though she may speak of music re a pound of caudles." nthlldc, though they may hare into the world by the good God rs and the wrong sort of bands, id prudent as a diplomat, for the heir galacns," replied Joblonsky i he followed his wife Into the ngrooiu. e seen each other before, though ot had an opportunity of meet- Mary, when she was alone with know that Is a pretty way of ic social chasm that yawned be- t MIlIowlo," said the lady with a laugh. And then the girl's face, cd curiously sad aud wistful, touch her. ' a friend of Archie Crnuford's, ?" she said In a softer toue . I for his sake I should like to be " answered Mnry, taking her both hands. t is a little strange, considering iui so coolly, though be Is brcak- irt for you," said the lady smll- kod at licr for a moment In be- , aud thou It dawned on her that jo the form of humor that Is de- en one serves out drinks behind a 0 answered gently, know whether he will 1)0 vpxed ! found out his secret," ait— that lie Is married," stam- beginning to feel a little doubt- fused. .rauford married? And to whom?" ady with rising color. Then she a peal of laughter, so contagious half In spite of herself, began Hy believed that I had stolen him fiends, like a gipsy- In a ballad," ma she had recovered licr gravity, re somehow that there was a r enrnt misunderstanding some- id now rn have to tell you how I "io story. Do you remember the sunt who was tnklng part In the c Crucifixion when an cnrlkqunkc "od out in terror, 'I am Isenrlot, hut the cobbler at the > meads the children's shoes.' suddenly to turn bar maid with-' fessloual right to the calling. My s an author actor, and my ,s the (laughter of an Eng- I was trained for an ul 0111110 »t hero two years 'Bo, with my father In a company 'forming one of his plays. . . . whoa misfortune comos, events Ith straugo rapidity. In little over 1 we landed In Hobsou's Bay, I 'J to Charles Fenwiek, a elcrk'la 1 Bank, my father had died, and I and I were on the brink of stnr- ivlek shivered as she spoke, as If tro"w "i ?aSJ a"r'S'>tod her father's denth was a W to mo," she went on, after a otion h"IUfU"J,|lUcrostci1 t0 mn,i0 on by word or gesture. "lean hardly remember my mother," hut he Was father and mother in one, the kindest, the most happy tempered aud generous of. men, hut without much faculty for making his way in the world, and lu that I fear I take after him. "Well, a few 'months nfter my father's' death, my husband made some groat mistake about money, and lost his position In the bank. Archie was a fellow clerk, and helped him through tlie worst, hut I lost all courage; I had a terrible illness, through which I pulled, uot so much because I wau- ted to live, as because It is so horrible to die and be-buried. , . What we would have done without Archie I don't kuoiv. There were weeks when we would have either begged or gone without bread if he had not been like a brother to us. Ah, that hoy has a heart of gold," said Mrs. Feutyfck, with a break In her voice, that brought the tears thick Into Mnry's eyes. wen, we had to do something; there was no hope of uiy husband getting employ ment In Melbourne, hut Archie lent him money to get to Coolgnrdlo and see what 1)C COUld do tlicro. T PAiihl <ln Iinfhlnw nn tlin stage; my voice was just the ghost ot a squeak. But I pulled myself together and took a plnce as a 'lady help.' God save the mark. Women are great philanthropists and reformers, aren't they? And yet they nre the worst sweaters on the face ot the earth. If people want statistics for that, let them Inquire Into the pay and duties of the poor helpless creatures who bnvo to earn their dally bread, and shrink from being dubbed servants outright. The first place I went to I had to rise at six In the morning and work till nine nt nlgbt for the splendid wage of five shillings a week. Of course I could not stand that long. Then I went as companion to an Invalid, till I became one myself. I went to recruit for a few weeks nt Foots- cray with an old friend of my father— an ex actor, who with bis wife kept an hotel there. It was then that I met the proprietor of the MIlIowlo Arms, who was looking for a re spectable and trustworthy woman for n bar maid. The middle class women I bad come In contact with in my poverty would have thought such a post quite beyond the -palp of propriety, hut they made me feel sure that there could be nothing In tbe position in a well conducted hotel that would wound my self respect as mnch as their tongues and meanness bad. So I packed my trunks aud changed my name and accepted the bil let gratefully, and when 1 found that Archie was to be transferred to the bank there I felt that I would have nt least one friend In the district, aud I got blni to pro mise that he would not mention n word. 'of- niy story to anyone. You know when ono has been battered about and suffering, a lot, aud altogether down on one's luck, it Is tho greatest relief to get away from nil associa tion with the things that have torn, your heart to bits.' At such a distance from Mel bourne I thought there - would bo no one else who would know any thing of me, but almost the first oue I saw was Mr. Shiels, who had been our fellow traveller when father and I came from England. He had been very 111 on the voyage, and wo were able to show him a little kindness, and In fact we were good ship board chums. Now he was a married man, and though we felt as friendly as ever I knew too much to let him Introduce mo to his wife as he wished to do. I could see nt a gluuce that she was 'one of the long necked geese of the world that arc for ever hissing dispraise because their natures are little.' I fear you will think mo egotistical nnd Ill- natured," said Mrs. Feuwlck, pausing, with a depreciating smile. "No, I think you had n dreadfully bard time," answered Mary, slowly, "and In your hour of need your owu sex were your ene mies rather tbnn your friends." "Yes, a great many women sootn charit able to their own kind only when they get them chivied Into some sort of Institution. . . . Well, on the Wednesday before tlie Sunday when that buggy accident took place Mr. Hawkins, of the Mlllowie Arms, had kindly sent me to The Ferry for a little change, as I had caught a cold that brought back the old trouble lu my throat. Shiels and some other men came there on a shoot- lug expedition, nnd on the Sunday he took me out for a drive, with n pair of horses that seemed to be only partly broken In; but he kept them well In lmud until we were coming back, when they bolted and dashed against the trap that Arcblo and Miller were lu." "Then the newspaper account was all wrong?" "Yes, purposely so, I believe; the sub editor was one of the people who had come with Shiels. When I saw Archie I nsked him, 'What will tho young lady I hnve seen you riding and wnlklng with say to thnt paragraph?' He colored, and looked very low spirited, as he said that It turned out the young lady in question did not care a rush ns to his comings nnd goings." "Yos, he came to explain — and i was— such a hypocrite— and altogether horrid," snld Mary, humbly. "Fortunately It is not too Into for re pentance," said Mrs. Fenwlck, smiling. "Now, to finish my little ynru. A couple of months after that accident I got a cheque from my husband, ashing me to meet him in Melbourne. He nnd a friend nrc floating a mine — with real gold In It, you know — and I am staying with my friends the Joblonskys till he comes hack again. . , . Since Archie camo to Melbourne I have mothered him ns much naT'could— for be Is suffering, because lie believes tlmt a certain girl lie loves very much Is Indifferent to him. no Is too much with tlie racing crowd, for when men arc without their women kind there Is always too much drinking, smoking, gam bling nnd sitting up late." At this moment Joblonsky returned to the I'rooin, followed by his wife, wlthi cake. ahd coffee of the same excellent quality that in days gone by the good Ilausfrau had pre pared for her father, the Pastor ot Cnr- lowltz, a village In full view of the towers nnd domes of Dresden. After < \- ",'oe there whs more music, chiefly old Pullsli folk songs, that Mnry had loved' from early girl hood. It was like nil "afternoon, of Auld Dang Syne, when she used to learn so much more than music — ancient traditions, glimpses Into heroic epochs ot history, fa miliarity with the Gcrmau tongue, that was ot more value than "her formal lessons In that language. Men of Johlonsky's stamp, when they come In contact with receptive mlmis, are a power of culture hi Australia, far In advance ot the "bread and butter" tests of examination passes. Before Mnry went away she made an op- Dortuultv of sneaking to each of tho throe apart. From Ilerr Joblonsky she obtained permission to get some of his own "Volk- slledcr" published lu Melbourne; nnd further extracted a promise from htm that he nnd his family would spend his Christinas holi- days with licr in n house at Brighton. To his wife she said: "Dear Frauchen, yon must keep your conscience In order a little longer, aud say nothing to the Herr Frofes- sor about money matters. If I did twenty times more, I would still he in his debt. I am going with my sister to Mount Macedon, but I foresee the place will not agree with1 me; so before I leave I shall take a nice fur nished place at Brighton, where you will nil stay for the holidays and take me In when I want to 'cat the air' at the sea side, and hear lovely music, and take long walks with Hermann nnd Thresel." Mary as she spoke glanced nt the children, who wore clearing awny the coffee trny— the boy tall for his age, with his father's dark glowing eyes; tbe girl with eyes like: bluets, andytwo long thick plaits of fair hiilr: hnnglng down her back, looking ns if she had come out of an old legend of the Father land. "Yes, they love the sea— It gives; tlieni: back their rosy cheeks," said the .mother wistfully, nnd Mary knew that her point was gained. To Mrs. Fenwlck she said nt parting, "1 hardly know how to thank you for treating me nt our first meeting as if I were a friend. ' I can piily hope that as we .see more of each other,' you will let me be one In renllty." . "l nui only too glad to, get a chance of re paying a" little- of Archie's kindness, " re-, plied . Mrs. Fenwlck In a low voice touched by the emotion visible In the girl's face. "Life seerira sometimes just a continued opportu nity of spolllug one's possibilities of happi ness. It is good when the clouds lift." On the way back to her sister's house In Collins-street onst Mary went Into a branch- telegraph office and sent the following mes sage to Archie;— "Can you come to see me at eight o'clock this evening?" "When be came punctually to the moment, Mnry received him alone. "Do you remember that Monday nfter the bachelors' ball, wlicu you came out to Min- jnli?" sbojiald, after the, first greetings were over. ""VYheu I wanted to cxplalfi.nnd you choked me off, and were In such a flutter over, the middle aged big wig who, was coming to see you? Yes, I do, for I've been feeling ever, since like a five-furlong sprinter turning a tread mill. Now I suppose you nrc going to tell me when the wedding Is to come off, but don't ask me to It, Mary— It's more than I could stand." "And yet do you know," snld Mnry, In a tremulous voice, "If you nre. not at my wed ding, it's never going to come off." "There Is just one thing I have learned from this," snld Archie, as he was taking his leave a couple of hours later. "Only one? I have learned n dozen," re turned Mary. "For exninple?" "To try nnd be more charitable, and less sure I understand all about people niid events, simply because I. know a few outside facts. To hear In mind the words that we repent so often, and so seldom live up to — Judge not thnt ye he hot judged. But what Is your lesson?" "It Is this : "When I am n married man, and get Into a scrape, not to make a bachelor my scape goat— for after all the positlou of a married man Is much more secure. My les son," ho added, laughing nt the mocking pout of Mnry's lips, "Is not so. highly spiced with morality as yours; hut It may bo just as use ful to the other fellow." The End. 