THE POISONEKS. | [Louise Mack in Adelaide Ceitic] The ruan and tlie woman be loved were parting. A canary Bang deiirously of love in the little fernery beyud the glaea doors of the woman's drawing room, a yellow sun-shaft slipped in through some open place, and tonched the photograph of a young girl over the mantlepiece with gold and pale rose, and the woman, who had been that rose and gold-tinted girl long ago, lay in the man's arms, and said good-bye with silent lips and closed eyes. , She was a widow, he was married to another woman, (hat was their story. And they loved now with the love that interprets trees, and winds, and light, and darkness into meaning. In each other they had found the cine to all beauty. Here at the beginning of it all, just when the meaning was about to break on them, they were to part. For he was married to another, and the woman who loved him, and held life's mysteries in the grey of her eves, was as yet too strong or too weak, to tear him from these bonds, to take him when he cried to her to take him, to break the simple line of life that had been hers till now. He breathed the word divorce. But she knew that divorce was a matter of temperament, not his, not hers. ' I love you. You must go.' That was the beginning and end of all her speech. ' Some day you may want me. I will come,' he said. . . , . The parting was over. She was alone, lying desolately along her couch, with dark years opening before her, and the cruelty of life, lashing, biting, eating all the hot, quick places in her heart, and spitting nut wantonly when it had eaten. The sunlight left the photo graph, and went to touch her head, then died away. And the bird's Bong ceased, and darkness cime. She raised her hands, and lield her arms out to the shadows. ' Oh, come to me, come io me.' But she had sent him away. By-and-by her mother entered, and fonnd her lying there alone in the daiknesB. 'My girl,' she whispered. She held the dear, brown head against her breast, and the woman knew the true reason of her sacri fice as that poor old feeble, fuithful heart beneath her cheek. When he left her, he went on down the 6treet, and found himself at home at lest. It was dinnertime, and the table was set for two, with much elegance of flowers, and silver, and shaded lights. But the dining room was empty. And the sitting room across tho hall wns empty. And there was no one in the little boudoir, where she idled her time away. At Inet he found her. He knew at a glance that this was to be a had night. Her coarsely moulded mouth was sulen, her big bine eyes witb_ heavy Mid restless, and i he color in lier chei-ks hud crppt up into her forehead. She was fctamli .if liy tlie win tl'iw of flip cliina puiii i \ . looking oul f;u id'v into tlie i-.iliglit. ' Are yon coming to dinue'1, 1W?' ' 1 might.' He laid his hand on her arm. ' Come,' ho said. ' No I won't,' she cried loudly. 'You've been telling them to lock tbings up, you beast,' A housemaid'*1 cap Khowed for a minnte in the doorway, tlieu disap peared. Tt whs ulwavs so. Tut blo..d surged up into hi-i face. ' Don't raise your voice, the girls are listening. Bur she sjioko louder th:in before ; nhe s»ori', r1 riekeH. wind nut, to him thai he whs i-vcey evil tliinir ; i-triick I'ini in tie fi.ee jiint. as the lmusi m id'n string ii|-p. ureJ ngain in the doorway. And the flowers and silver had the table to themselves. He eat up' in his study— end stared, and stared, ' My God ; if she were only dead. No man could stand this life for Jong.' He fell back in bis chair and shut his eyes, and her image came up before him. The image of that heavy, silly, drunken face — Weak beyond all hopes of strengthening — Durnt oerore nis eyes, until to see it maddened him. ' If she were dead. If God or I conld kill her.' Such a loathing of her crept through his soul that he lay breath lesB in his chair for many minutes. Ob, to crash into her face with a savage, primitive hand, and blot the features out for ever. His chair had become too email to hold the writhing of the eoul within his body. Up and down the room he strode, up and down, hcur after hour. All , the evil tuues she bad played haunted him, rang in his ears. She had been his wife for ten years ; he bad married her benause he loved her — or thought he did. But, thought he, thought and the real are alike in the beginning, the end divides them. And the end had come long ago. There was a time when he had been pitiful of her, when her weakness had called upon all the strength of the strong man to rise up and help her. But to continue year after year to love, to pity, to battle for a being whose whole de sire was to grow into a coarse and terrible brute — no, this man blamed neither himself nor his Maker that his love and pity had gone out into darkness long ago. Oh, the terrible vacuous eyes, so clear and innocent when he had first known her ! A thousand times he had asked himself if any of the blame lie lay on his head. But his feeling tor truth never deluded him. He had done all he could to save her. An inexorable power held her, and drove her on, would never let he go. Poor soul ! it was the power of blood. Perhaps a little child would have saved her. But there had been no child. And now she was beyond all help. Sbo had almost ceased to be a woman. Often, often she had shamed him in the street. Everyone knew. Was that the cruellest part of his story ? He was lying in his chair again, He had longed that ehe should die. Now be was resolving, determining, arranging for that death. Poison, something easy. , . . She will take it, not knowing. . . God, I didn't know I was a mur derer. . . . She will take it, and no one must know I gave it tier. ... I am glad she is to die. ... I would like her to suffer, to snffer. . . No, you may go out quietly, demon, fiend. . . O Lord, what have I suffered through this woman ? She likes me to suffer, let her have every pain in holl before she passes. . . No, she shall die without pain. . . She has morphia in her medicine chesi ; I will give it to-uight. To morrow she is dead. . . . That woman has gone out of yonr life, you ai e free, and there stands the '. woman will) the dear grey eyes. . . . Free ! Mv bou^e is fresh i s.nd empty, the horrible shame hat) gone out of it. See how the ser vants go about with eyes that no longer shun my eyes in pity. Morning and evening, and no fetid presence in his atmosphere. . . . And so simple. . . God, I didn't know I was a murderer. But I am. WLy, we are all murderers. And some are cowards, and some are brave enough. . . What an easy thing it is, after all, and how sen sible, to put out of life a thing that oan't live decently. . . I have made up my mind. . . I thought there was au ugly ring about i he word poihon, but it does not offend me uow. . . But why did I not think of it years ago? So simple, aud only the blunderer is iound out, , ? Church and the Bible, and all those relics of my childhood, lingered in my eyes, and bliuded me. That is i/rhy I never poisoned her before. . , When I was a boy, to steal, to love anyone's wife but your own, to murder, was to pass beyond all earthly help. For those crimes God hauled you up be fore Himself, and oondemned you out of His own awful lips. . . ? To mnrder, how ugly, bow ngly; but what does it mean P Not mur der, but relief, release, happiness. Poor cieatnre. Yes, I declare I am sorry for her. Then she will lie there, and presently the fuueral, and then the grave, away by itself, a new grare. . . Does that oause me sorrow P No, n sweet joy. A lonely grave with no grass on it, and the man who married her bappy. . . What of that? Ob, my sonl, to be rid of that for ever, who has spoilt my life for so many years. . . Am I contemplating sanely P But murder — murder is such a deadly crime. 1 have thought so all my life. Now I must forgot. Here come back to me the words I learned at my mother's knee, the prayers, the Bible verses. . . . I will give her the morphia juet be fore daybreak, and her maid shall find her there in the morning, and I shall arrange that no one will ever know. Other men who Buffer as I have suffered kill their wives; I believe it. Now -I seem to know that many of the men of my ac quaintance have done murder. Why notp . . Is this what those early boyhood's prayers and verses at. me motuer s Knee mean r Are they given for a moment such ae this — a supreme moment? Why do they come back now, indefinite, but, haunting, persistent ? . . . I have forgotten them ever since, bnt they haunt me now. That time returns like the memory of an old dream. It will not leave me. . . All vague, and indefinite, but sweet, simple, clean. My God, I have left religion alone years ago. Has it been waiting, waiting, watch ing for me all these years, to catch me here, to stay me, to hold me in a shadowy, subtle grasp I cannot break P For I cannot— no, no, no, I cannot. . . I understand that I cannot. In the morning a servant tapped at the door. There was no answer. The man entered, to find his master lying forward in his chair, with head bowed on the table. ' Sir, wake up,' ' What is it, Brown ?' ' Bad news, sir. The mistress.' 'What, deadr ' Dead in her bed. The girls found her so.' 'Dead! Did I do it P' 'Sir!' ' Has 'the doctor come P Send for him quickly.' He went down into her room and looked at her while he waited for the doctor. Would she have been that calm and beautiful pre sence if he had done the deed P Then came the dootor, and the merciful decision that her ill-used heart had failed her in the night. ' My friend, you had bettor rest. You are liko a ghost this morning,' said the dootor kindly. But he wbb hurrying away in his horror to tho woman with the dear, grey eyes. He stood in her sitting room a moment waiting. Then she entered. ' I have come to tell you ? ' ' What, dead V His own words an hour before. ' Fonnd so by the maids this morning.' She paled, and swayed, then fell against him, ' Girl, girl, what is it P What ' Do yon think I did it P No, no. Ah, what a night last night was. But I saved myself.' ' Last night I could not sleep,' she whispered. 'There was an ache at the heart that would not cease. And I began to think of her — to hate her, to wish that she were ? . Then I began to think, to think how she might die. And I told myself there wss no reason why she ehould be alive, and stand between us and onr great love. And I said to myself that I would do it. I would go one day to see her, and one day I wonld take her out with me, and send her alone in a shop to purchase — something. Then, when she had taken it, when I had given ;t to her, it would be proved that she herself bad bought it, and had given it to herself. Aud I went to the honse, and I gave her the ? Why do yon look at me like that. What do you mean ?' ' You gave it to her, My God, I stopped before I got to that.' And he told her, in a dry voice that hurt him, of the night before. ' AU through the night I was a poisoner.' But she cried out to him bitterly — ' But I — I. Oh, in my thoughts nothing stayed me.' They could only weep in each others arms, wounded with the in exorable sadness of the opening movement of their new life. 