M 11. DEMPSEY ON FEhERA- TluN. TO THE EDITOR. Sin, — I seo with sorrow tho spread of tho < fedora! epidemic day bv day, with but littlo attempt to avort its fatal consequences, fatal to independence nnd future prosperity. In tho history of mun, imloss wo go back as far as mythological Troy, thcro is no parallel. Troy got the " Grecian Horse in spite of tho Javolin. They thinking thoir victory assured teasied and rejoiced, but In a fow bauru tho streets of Troy wore in flames, and peopled by dead warriors and their ghosts. So with Queensland If she voluntarily brings in tho tedornl asb. Hor freedom nnd hor prosperity will bo tho ghosts of what they nro to-dny. Why such a montal malady should assail us t cannot tell, hut I do know that fow escapo tbo microbes of tho O'Donohuo. Even BIr, Groom who, I thought was immune, has fiddled tho old ditty—" great colonies spook ing tho samo languago, having tho samolaws, tho namo literature, and bolonging to tho anmo stock of Great Britain, with its noblo tradi tions," If Federation would better tho posi tion of Queensland now or at nny other time. Mr. Groom, in common with othors (tho O'Donohuo excepted), nsver even attempted to show bow. Some of vour roadors may havo been: cattle ' drovors, nnd after thoy had them on a good camp without apparent oaurethsy rushed off. 1 . not knowing why or whoro. It is exactly so ' with Fodcrntlonifits. Evon tho leaders of the movement offer no reason except childish, senseless prattlo. There may bo a littlo apparent reason in Dofenco, but how much more in guaranteed neutrality, and just now is tho time to try it nt tho pcaoo confer ence. I am surprised nt my old friond and ally, Mr. Tolmie, hut I don't blsmo him for It. Tbo measles may spare many, but fedornl lunacy very fow. Might I ask Mr. Tolmio to recall our many conversations on Federation, ovon during thn last few months, nnd might I ask him to turn to cortain leaders in tho " Darling Downs Gazotto," penned by his own hand within tho last nino months ? What nro the reasons for the uppar- ont chango now ? Ho reiterates that daring monduolty of Murray thnt Queensland farmors would bo hnnoflted by sending thoir produce South. What will wo send ? A few cosps of poaches, a faw hunches of grappa. Does iio bnllovo tim thing himsolf? But he quotes Morgan, who. of nil othors, I hopo should bnvo boon d«teatod for his cheek In ooming for ward to bamboozle nny farming coostituenoy- Mr. Mbrgnn says tho renl question Is not will ' it pay to join, hut will it pay to stay out of Fcdemtionwhilowecangoinonourowntcrms.. " Tho phrase " On our own forms " is really too '! good. As to tho others, it will not pay to join- It will pay to stay out now and for over. 8inco Quoonsland has been Queensland we havo stayed out, nnd wo hare rejoiced at our liberties. Wo rejoiced at our rcle&so;, and sinco thon we hnvo not lost anything by our . independence. History repeals itself, and we may rely on it that wc will Joso nothing. Ever since tho foundation of tho colony wo havo l>con reckoned tho best colony in tho group. Wo may bo reckoned tho best land on. the globo, both as regards our constitution nnd gifts of nature. There might havo hen somo imnrovenients suoh ns attaching soma imll- / vlduals to ono end of n ropo and throwing tho oth'r over a beam. Now T como to Mr. O'Donohuo's address, and openly and unre servedly I admit it is far and away the best ossnv I have hoard or read on the subject by a Fedcrntlonipl . 1 lis ma?s of figure' nnd cnlcu- latinna are R'-.tvi'shrog for ono who lias to Iwork for h < -victuals : his nreumonts 'ware clever and hh woi'd- clothingnodiseredlt to any public nlan. Tltoo were just two things wanting— Iriitli hhd cbmmbn kcnHo. Tlioso defects, I think, Mr. O'Dmiolilib was aware of, for u fow days aftuir lils fitsl auilrcs ho said to mo, "I suppove you think I ought to bu kicked, V to wliioli I replied that it would. bo too &ood; fdr brio who dttebiptcd to bottay tho Inilepcndcnci of his country mid the prosperity of Its people. Now, alt, lo show your readers where Mr. O'Donohuo and hi m)drc.«s fail. In his first address he. said ho had been A fannerund khow all iiboiil it. Tho same in "dally aborted by bvcry pftdk mAh, black or wllitei that comes alortg. Ih fioino part of lit Jas) .address ho nsaerte tho great possibilities, of farming bore, also - his faith ih ioo pluck Hhd stamina of QucchHhind farmer. Ulnlct All thbse cbndlUbit why did not Mh O'Dohbhilo stick t6 fartltiilg 7 Ifi lofit of virtuous indignation ho cried " shiimo to farmers." Unfortunately wo havo too. much to bo ashamed et iu the Bhnno of friend and hahgcrA qn. kVUo did hoi Address the leisured cluBBj bill working clafiB." WhAl a blessing to hAvb A lelfiuro'r wbrkir lo Ihsthict tlibrii. u He wa uot thord for any mercoilary tab-, tlve.'l Ibcllovoblmt I havo known him a long timo, Hoeiiilly I admire him, and looking back to politics I'opo's couplet pops up. »' Always truo lo hi vocqtioh, Fdt Ind fcoiirt HgAintit the imllon/4 Hb ibid 11 kth tirooih Also hat<l U woilld kill tbb fhrhlifilj hldusti-y." To lill stHilg of argUhiotito hero spneo will not permit of reply, but it is here wucro untruth and nonsenso bristles most. 1 would ask your readers, to ro-road it.1', .lie said " The working man did ndl tecq vo higher wane by rcasbii of protcc tidfii' Ttid wtgeB of the worker must now hnfl for Hit tlhlo, wllro litnd liolda bnd Blinro in prddUtiU Aiid tho worker three ha go> vorndd by > the prlco . of products; . l'rlor to this .1 havo shown tlmt Federa tion would , roduco . tlio price of pro ducts froih lb id 83 her debt, therefore the prldb bl KiUdr Hhd tho plldb ot HU lhiid will be refltifcddl etdept pastorafi And Hkoiy thAt too by special mxatlbn and an excise duly on wool to meet a deficit of spine £2,000,000. I don't claim to bo minutely correct in my figures, but correct enough . to he substantially trite. Jiibl Had 10 celit for lo» ot revenue, coil- SOtJheiSl \ipott depression, to my foruter figures, atid yod will bo as ilnitr the truth as you cuu boilt tho present time, lie said : "On. tho tqry tea ..tboy drank limy paid in duty £121ip6iLv would.it surprise Mr. O'Donohuo to uo tolil Uiat wo do not pay oho farthing of tfiilt Hifidtlhl directly or itidlrcctly. Hd wlio grd#B tho tcit pAyfl U liiio btir pUrso mid never gits n pdnny back in reluro« That money Is expended by you and for you ; it is simply making n stranger contribute .to the expenses of your government. , It may. .bo said that vye pay ibis tax In biiyirig ten. Wo do hot ; Uid tax if ktlckdy pAid, and by ) oUr buying ten yoU diily hiiiko li pdssiblo fol ttid (caprodhecr to (idtM Hnd (lay utoru of Tour taxes. Bo said : " If it farmer could show him that ho gained .more from protection thou ho would hide W head." Tills does not ritod a reply. Ite then goes on to provo td hie own sdtistnetioli, Ht any rule to suit tho olilin bf those who havo the honor of his support, tlmt farmers lose £80,000 by protec tion. But how much easier it would bo to prove tlmt tho Treasurer gains £80.000 or xdble.trom protection? which if withdrawn, villi h&vd; W bb iiiiidc good lit soldo why or nfiolUbL ftettcHohhlehl uiay bu tesoHcd to. Thb fnhncir benefits indirectly to that amount also everyone dependent upon . him. Tho classes named include everyone in Toowoomba and .Whnt apiiiles tollils town nppliuu to overjr 1 PiHiimk Ubhtro. Aa tue farmers to the towhs : sd Arb tlio IdwiiA td tho citios. Yet Mr. O'Ddnohub in highly complimented by somo of tl\e Press, but eoine of tbo Press will coiupll- Sent noyomi or aoylhlng occaaioiml'y aviug' n littio eoRsidoratiun loft, 1 must pivss Mr. O'Doiiohuo oh tho sugar industry ahd hi iuas3 of figiffes which 1 woiild not gilnHfitee lo bu tliie or false. Ho said " he hail becq Infohncd by many farmers from the soutli that many fHrjucrs wc.ro waiting for Federation to ' Bpll .out and come and settle in Quceniibind. diurnal they soil until their farms are bettered by Fdiioratioh, or. why iiivvb thoy not eomo herd boldrb to chjoy our special Advantages witidh Hru Will Ioko by FedcmtlbU? That Mr. O'Donuhue could got sensible men to listen to himiato.ilo a perfect puzzle. I urn fully convinced that it Is unnecessary to appqnl to fArnicrs ; neither liavel feiUcnr for the land- UoluerB oV property owner around Too- wodfiibA, fiiff ybt ibu coinnieVclAl mcfi. But . lAt nto A|)pbni to IVadU OlJerntlves. I regret I hAt'b not ovch a copy of the Queensland tariff, hqt I,, would ask ovory trades-man or woman in Toowoomba to obtain a copy and sbo'Ior thcfiiBLuVe's how Federation, oliiurwise fViiblHuld; woiild Afiocl thfchi, itod hot trUhi nib; bt Mh O'DondliUo ih his i-Avlngs. If there is nhythlng Mr. O'Donohuo shine (n it Ih ill federal finance. . Ho said, " Mr. Groom said we wonld go) buck only £999,000." Mr. Groom said nothing of tho ximl. Ho said wo wbhld fyfooAbly got badk n'otbihg, and Mr. GrodlU IH tliht 1 right, no Ald, " All ive wdUld ItAvb to pAy tlio bxpenses of Govern ment Would be £099,000." In that ho is wrong, for we would hnvcto at Joust deduct thq amount of intercolonial tuxation.' which isauout £80,000 or £ibi).000, and Also h certAin fihrlnkngo bf Trt-Hsury returns, nbout three timAA tlio forihor Aihodnt, whloh will give us about lmlf a million to pay for Internal go vernment. Result : Retrenchment, nil forms of taidA thAt can he collected, chilliig with an oxdiie duty on wool, fo? thcro will lio little clso loft. I must rqluotnhtiy pnrt with Mr. O'Donohuo. Dr. Noinn, Hi moving a vote of thanks said " Mr. O'Donohuo duscrved a higher Bpboro bl luboV." Did ho think H ? If ho did; why did ho not get him to .Rtund insWnu of Tolniie, or with , Tolniio ? Tliero was room for liyd. and ccttulnly he ranks first Aa n Fqderntlohist. Wonderloy, I think, was trying lo nlnku A rooord to sea what lie could make aii audience believe. Examplo 1 " If Federation. was going to benefit any nArl of tho Miony It would lionefit the Darling bowus, ami ihorehpo the value ot vested lands." (2.) 'I Sba cmihl go n now on hor own terms." ((.) , "Tbo rosult of Federation, would make their lueerno Inilds worth £2l> per uciro, bo- cause FederatioA took £1 or iGs. per ton off the prlco bf luccrno." I think ho has tho record,. If ahyono believed him, but, Sir, I thlpk I have made tho discovery of ago, jiut you niuEt keep it quiet. , If u man, or a few men hy their Ciooronic eloquence caii inane sensible inch inad, can Die same m'on hy the siilhe nuiniia make mad men sonslblo ? I think ho; aiid woiild suggest ihnt tlio next njebuug bt the Federalists .would he hold at tfih Asylum at Drahley, Aiid tho. roBulis euro- fiiiiy-nbicd Aha reported to Mr. Foxton by the DhytlciHfi bl tho party. Yours, do,, M. Dbmpsbt. lcrfibslirono, ubwric, Starch 14, 189th 