THE MINER'S BEQUEST By Jobs J. Sxbdeiux. Some twenty years ago an old miner died at the hotel in which I was stay ing in TuBCon, Ariz. The day after the funeral I was handed a email packet which he had bequeathed to me as an acknowldgement of a slight service I had rendered fcim ditiw;. hie illness. He had very little txf leave, poor old fellow, and I began to -open the packet with some -cariosity as to its contents. On removing the cover I found a piece of rock " speckled with : small green crystals, and wrapped in a sheet of paper on which something bad been written so badly that I could make nothing of it, except that it gave some direction about a man named George Cannon. I was still puzzling, myself over it when my friend, John Harlow, came into the room. John was a tall, broad shouldered fellow, with a large, fair beard, and fearless, kindly blue eyes. When I handed the letter to him and said that I thought it referred to someone named George Cannon, be looked over it for a minute, and then bnrst into a roar of laughter. Why, Jem,' he said, slipping me on the shoulder, this is a description of a gorge in the main canyon of the Colorado.' Then when I gave him the piece of rock and explained how -it came into my possession, he continued, 'That's limestone, and — by Jove! emeralds 1' We both became excited over the discovery, and although we knew that the description of the gorge might possibly have oo reference to the specimen, we decided to visit the place at once and thoroughly 'prospect' the country. The following day we started on our expedition, and after a search extending over three weeks we found a gorge which resembled that described by the old prospector. To me it seemed nnhkely that the specimen has been found in such a place. The narrow slip of land that sloped down to the river in front of us was covered with water worn boulders, great sandstone bluffs shut out the view in other directions, and masses of fallen earth rendered the gorge im passable. John, however, found a small piece of limestone, and although it carried no emeralds it was the right kind of formation, and as it mast have been washed down -the canyon we decided to renew oar search farther np the river. To accomplish litis we had to retrace our steps into a rising country nntil we were st a sufficient eleva'ion to cross a plateau which lay in a bend of the canyon, and then advance along the top of a stopendous precipice thousands of feet in height. (Some parts of the canyon arc over 5,000 feet deep.) When we at last found a place where we could again descend we had -to lead our horses for two days down slanting ledges and rocky slopes without daring to look into the awful depths below. A bitter disappointment awaited as. When we reached a large grass grown flat at the bottom we discovered that both up and down the canyon the river washed the perpendicular walls on either side. I was so much discouraged that I proposed we should make our way back to Tnscon, but John was deter mined to persevere. 1 We haven't half tried yet,' he said. ' If there bad been no difficulty about finding where the emeralds came from they would have been hunted np idng ' ago.' ' I have it !' he exclaimed, after a moment's thought. 'There's some timber growing at the upper end of the flat Let as make a stout raft of logs, trust to luck and float down the stream. That's the way to 'find both the limestone and a place to get at it' I did not reply, and was still besi-; tating as to whether I onght to consent to so wild a scheme when a great op- rooted tree etranded on the point where we were standing. Directly my eyes rested on two great branches which lad grown so closely together that at twenty feet from their junction with the trunk they were only a few feet apart. I felt here was a means of making our journey without the daDger attending an ordinary raft of having it torn to pieces against some obstacle - in the stream. ; A similar thought bad crossed my . partner's mind, for he anticipated what, I was about to say, by pointing out how easy we could convert the joined logs into a sort of huge catamaran, or « . t_ 1 _ LnnlaJ knot WA MR! tfl VOfk it once to carry out our purpose, and by. night we had chopped through the I trunk just below where ft joined the to great branches ; trimmed the short piece we had left to bold them together, in such a way that it would form bow or cutwater ; and constructed it on the, I Jnuble log w«»gh deck or piatSwm,? I «hici> wa had fastened loops of,roP® I in order tbat we ooold elip- onr. Jlmte I through them to,. -a void - being thrown I off into the water when concnspPb Ifo I rocks or drifting log becfote inevitable. I The opxt morning we carried oor pit- I Tisious on board, ncored . I and with long polea we had catfbr suoh I purposes, pushed off into the j&tream.; I Oor craft was a success, for although I the bow dipped atifctie when the coKent I ran swiftly, the platform remafoed I perfectly diy. Twice we slrndc hiddai I rocks with sufficient force to prove fte. I necessity of always k»injg ;b;-'itit I hold. About ah fcouy after we btwlgfl, I onr speed had become to great and the I shocks onr raftreoelvedeo wtoHhem | we were very much alarmed. >v- I' 'Listen; tfoat doe? I mid John Harlow, « a heavy ioanng I broke upon our eare,nd «beo I swept round a fowl :fo I shouted: » I are coming to a I I slipped my sai.yjS8| I some of thB loqpa/rlfoft. ;a IggWilQE I head, and I anything of ihfr. I idea of the I travelling ; -for I appeared in I no sooner I passed them Iffie » I oor craft stmdt' jshmMpfe I round, - and I the water toariiis andjHBjffiliffi I went I snhmerged i wasimifSbaaaffigg aril no sidecfothe platform was elawiy sinking in timrobod. The rock/which impeded us stood only a few inches above the water, and John's tide of the raft had tilted over it. My brave old partner now d'da very daring . deed. After iwistiog hie hands into one of the loops he threw himself over the Bide of the nt, placed his shoulder against it, and with his feet resting on the rock, he pushed nntil we began to sheer off and then sprang back into his place. Daring the .next few moments I thought that nothing cuuld Bave as from destruction. We crashed against the side of the cliff rebounded, whirled round and. ronnd, etaock rock after rock with the force of a battering-ram, then rashed: straight : forward at xaceboise speed. . i A c'ry,of . terror escaped met as the stem of our craft was lifted in the air. Half-blinded by spray, down- -we plunged iota (he foaming mam below. When the waters dosed over me and the' daylight wee gone, a giant seemed trying to t-ar me from the reft I believed toy time bad come ; butjust as I thought that I could no long.r bold my breath, our brave little craft lifted her bow above the foam, and tbe daDger waa past. Why, the fall can't be more than eight feet high,' I shouted as I looked bsck. Eight feet or eighty, it nearly did for me,' replied John Harlow, holding on with one hand and wringing the water, from his beard with the other. 1 I've bed ths longest teetotal drink I ever had in my life, and I don't think much of if.' John-used to say these sort of things wi'h a ridiculous solemnity that made them Teally funny. But we now enterrd a part of the canyon where even his cheeiful spirits became depressed. Peaks, cliffs, and rocks, were stained Vermillion ; the same colour was reflec ted on 1o everything ; and once when I. withdrew from the river a dripping pole with which I had been steering, I instinctively wiped iry bands ; for the clefts and caves appeared like horrible wounds, the wat-r dripping from them, human blcol. A few minutes more and we were out of the blinding glare of the awful place. Then we came to s loug stretch of the kind of formation for which we were looking, and all at once John Harleaf pointed to an opening ct flat rf semi-circular abape and shouted : There's oar landing place.' Then he pliei his oar so vigorously that our cafe came close enough to the land for him to l<-ap ashore. We made fast to a rock with a strong rope, aod oor boat swinging oot of the current lay along tbe bank. - After landing some' provisions, our rifles, and ' a few other things, we looked ronnd us. No sun light c »uW penetrate the dismal place; frr high above oar heads," great mass of rock covered it in, and reached so far ovet tbe rivir itself that we were uoable (o see the top cf the opposite precipice. Huge fnngi, white, yellow, .brown and red— clang along the base of the eurroundiDg cliffs ; while a grey woolly- looking substance of tfas same family, drpended like drapery from the jotting crags, and waved about with every breath of air. As we dried ourselves at a fire of drift wood, a sadden gust of wind swept through tbe place. Then in tbe silence that ensued, tbe rippling of the riv<r sounded unnaturally eharp and clear. Soon wo noticed that the gloom around us was becoming intensified ; and at last we could see little of tbe river twenty yards sway— except flocks of foam tbat fannied past, and white lines where tbe water surged against the rods Suddenly a vivid lightning flash darted along tbe Usee of tbe opposite cliff. In the glare tbe grey and ghostly drapery which hang round tbe cavernous place where wa stood, appeared ao gruesome tbat I shrank .to my partner's side. Almost at tbe same moment I crouched with fear as an awf ul thunderclap reverberated along the canyon ; tbe echoes threw hack tbe sound from wall to well, and "mighty crashes and awful rumblings Beemed to shake the earth. The dazz'iog lighting flashes followed each other so rapidly that I was able to see John Harlow approach tbe river bank and make onr raft more secure with a Second rope. ThS necessity for Ibis precaution soon became obvious. A wave several teetttgh came rnahing down the stream,' folio wed by a large number of broken trees which, as they aped paat, lifted their naked branches in the air, like foe twisted limbs of hoge mohsters drowning in tbe flood. Imperceptibly it had become lighter ; the storm bad passed and soon died iwiy io distant -mntteriogEa dciii id t-Jnit ; cavernous place there was riot «nSR«Mit daylight remaining to enable as to commence, our search for emeralds, and, as the ground was damp, we began to look for some cave in -which to pass the «ight. , I had taken on8 side.ot.tbe flat and John Harlow tbe Other, and I in s standing & af hat rflespbadwt at, 'my want of euroess when toy "partner, called to mfehnS"")p<Sfaited to, a narrow "P Jl 'ee ibeto' e »ia ;that is the entrance to a cave so vast tbat when I war inside it and firatj-fonUtoti folly a minute must have passed before foe echoes died away. The floor dopes opwacfa.ep we axe dry epStitb elwp ten, and Jem, tad wan, JT there -are emeralds round here there 6 the place to find them.' . -a-a tobridftnr this 'purpose we appruadwJfoii be river. = SriWa toes. «re being carried rapldly jfownvte iforiam. 'Thera goes JpWf-iiPikiaSWgi floating with Itaadtoraft loose. - -- : . leart folfote 9BBpnl 'Th it's right; cheer np, old mxn,' he Said heartily. ' And now as it nil! soon be dark yon take (ha things np tc the cave, while I collect some driftwood for oor Arc. - By the time I had carrlcd my lest load into the cave, my partner bad laid in a sufficient supply of fuel lo last us through the .night. Ab soon as we had eaten our supper we made our fi-e bias, and examined our immediate surroundings. There was nut mnch to see. The Bide at which we had entered stood oot boldly in the ruddy glow, but the roof and farther portion of ) he sloping floor w«ro lost in darknerp. Well,' said John, stretching him self comfortably on the sand, which covered the' floor,-. things might have been worse, and yon won't make them any better by sitting there as solemn as s man et bis own-funeral. Tomorrow: we'll try exploring the cave, and if tile ground, keeps on rising, It may bring us to an ontlet of some kind. If we find: that won't work, we'll "see if we can't catch a passing log, trim it np with ane ax,and ride on it down the stream.' Although our chances of t scape were small, I could not help being cheered by Harlow'e hopeful way of viewing our. situation. At last, tired oot by our day's exertions we lay down QU thesand and slept. The n<xt morning we bad onr break fast in the open .air, and . then prepared to explore the cave. ' One thing that we had not yet decided to onr satisfaction was how we were to obtiin enfficlent light for onr purpose. Of car supply of ceDdles six- bad fortunately been brought ashore; bnt'SB we wonld each have to carry oue, these would not be enough,especially if we had to encounter drafts of str.' However, a happy thought occurred to me. I had a email can of lard. I melted the grease, soaked -it in pieces of dry wood about eighteen inches long, and in this way made right fairly good torches. With these stuck in our belts, our small stock of provisions on our back, and onr freshly-filled water-bottles slung over our shoulders, we commenced our journey. As we went on, the floor became steeper and steeper, nntil at last we had to climb, and John's idea of a possible outlet began to become reason able. For about half an hour onr exertions kept os silent, bat a'l at once Jahn Harlow, who was in the lead, gave a cry of warning and we stopped. We were etinding on the edge of what appeared to be a great expanse of mod or water. On touching It with my fout, however, it proved to be sand, covered by a thin cruet which gave way under the sligheat pressure. . My partoer hesitated about advancing any farther into tbis unknown country. Alas! ItwaB I that suggest- d we should condone on oor way. I pointed oot, tbat even though we bad no landmarks to guide as, and onr compass might -be -influenced by deposits of mineral, slid we shoold leave snch a plain track on the perfectly smooth sand that we coald easily return if we wished, withoat any danger of - getting lost, I had no diffi culty in bringing John to my way of thinking ; for he was a more adventu rous man than I, but did nut like to take the whole responsibility on his own shoulders. On we went for an boor and more, and low reefsof partly decomposed rock began to mBke their appearance, like a succession of dark waves rolling towards nr. Suddenly, John Harlow dropped on his knees so unexpectedly that I shot over his head, extinguishing both his -torch and my own. At the same moment there was a terrific crash a. crash so terrible tbat the earth tfcook at the concussion ; tbe air dis placed by .-the fall of eome.hoge mass of rock rushed past and the whispering tcboes became leas and lees, then died away. "' What has happened 1' I cried. ' We've come to the emeralds,' sbonted my partner, still on his knees, nearly putting out ht8'freshly-lighted torch as' ha waved it wildly above bfe bead. « What do you mean t Have you gone mad f Did you not beer tbat awful crash f I exclaimed, shrinking back from him. .Crash1 Wei'," let it crash — Jem, toy boy; 'See here — look,' and with ' trembling bauds he scooped up some sand and held it towards me. ' Emeralds ! Emeralds F he ehonted with excitement. Tbe ground's alive with them I We're millionaires !' . I could see little green specks shining amongst the sand arid had I not pre viously received a great fright I should probably have been 'as mnch excited 'as my partner. Instead of this I frit angry- " -1 flli! ..M ma f T nribtirnr ffLiiiiOiiaxreB are wo > jiiwumg away : hia hands; ' Yes, millionaires, arid -with" all onr wealth we could not purchase a cruet of bread. !' - My wprde brought John to bis sensed, and after a short silence be said in his atari manner.; . ... . "Ton are right, Jem. Still I -would rather ho wntewbero . elseLwftfa my Ipfabketefolt'oftemeralds 'thai? In here with a crust of bread ae big asa church.' T|ii while tryife gieen crystals wftb htBntf to con-. tlnud: "They are emeraida right eoo|lgjff fudtmqre than 1 ever sero togitlferfrifot richest mines in the world.' tbo stones in cur pockets and continued to do so for some time. How lnng I would iave >gwamed ithns. qmpfoyed it>i's basil to ttili for'ari - frit toy otore lucraaring <1 .beoame. more and more texrited, rintil my pTOtntr impatiently palled, me to my feet and. detqvlte my angry protests, talBy -Bragged (sS'am. My sxclternriit eoon- fahfoided, -yet tea we plodded on thoughtit- fR® happiness in the fntura made pte-almroit forget the dangers anffffiffiroltwanfth6 pfCfiOOt Jn jha'f an honr or eo the rir becaine forich warmer, aMd 'tiie teriud -aVe piece to rockv. but tbe thick doBt with which they" were coated , etfll-retrined oar w ;wed.fo'Ieto"teria afot iiriSb. rlbe «aajd»es,4utoswJ hrinj still antonched, pneatitegtd : was, that the wurm-air tuust bve an I outlet somewhere, or the temperature i would have been the same throughout the draflless country we had left behind. So without wasting any mure time, we again proceeded en onr way. Shortly a great change took pl&oe; io our surroundings. The ground became tougher as we advanced, aod we were obliged to climb heights and depths of which, in the intense darkness/ we could form no definite conception. Yet, judging by tbe time it took as to descend one of these crevices,a false stop meant death. Aod now to add to onr danger, the sir became dajjip and the rocks slippery. At last' we readied comparatively level ground, bat dense, mists enveloped ns so closely that we. were stumbling over protruding rocks.; Then it gradually became clearer, and the moisture overhead was drifting; along in cloudB. 'Ha!' cried my partner, 'there must be a draft of air to carry tbe miste along like that ; somehow l feel tbat our troubles are almost st an end.' Scarcely had the words left his lips than bis feet slid from under him, and he rolled down an fodine tpwards— - off God 1 the awful right comes again before my eyes !— towards a dark, oily, turbid substance, through which bubbles of gas forced their way, accompanied by little jets of steam. With a shriek that froze my blocd, he disappeared. Half frenzied with horror- 1 cried aloud : 'John Harlow, come back, come back !' A hundred echoes, in seeming mockery replied : 'Come back! Come backT I ran in terror from tbe place; ran until I caught my foot againBt a rock, my torch went Out, end I came heavily to the ground. As with shaking hands I fumbled for my match-box, the darkness seemed peopled with ghastly forms — every way .1 looked' John Harlow's apparition rising from the ground. Once more I bad a light. Then — on — on ! Delirious with sorrow and fear I rushed with outstretched arms in pursuit of the retreating mists, and between my gasping sobe I called madly after them to stop sod wait for me. At last my overwrought brain seemed numb. I burnt my hand with my expiring torch before I Kt a candle to take it's place ; felt tired, yet unable to stop and rest; passed through beat ocd stifling enlpburous fumes, yet though weak and gasping, Etiil I staggered on.. Suddenly the mists were gone. Looking upwards I eaw tbem rising as thongb impelled by some mysteriouB power. -Gray pillars, formed by the moisture dripping from above, stood round me. I thought that they were ghosts, yet I was sane enough to be conscious tbat my brain wcb giving way, and 'shuddered at' a shriek oi laughter which, while I knew it to be my own, sounded like that of some demon rejoicing at my misery. When I lit my last candle tbe memory that it was my last .brought jqe to my senses. The terror of being lefl; In the daik in that fearful place bad cleared my brain. I found myself at tbe edge of a chasm, with sloping rides, and a cry of thanksgiving burst from my lips when I felt a cool gust of air blowing from its depths. Hoping to find some outlet below I commenced tbe eteep ascent. The snrface of the rock bring decompostrd and lbs hollows filled with eand I frequently lost my -footing and slid for some distances before I was able to stop. At last I found a place where I could sit down and nst. No sooner had I ceased to break the eilence by my tread than I heard beneath the rash of water. My retreat is cat off' I cried, despairingly, and sprang to my feet. While I leaned forward and tried to penetrate the darkneaa the rock on which I stood gave way under me, and I fell with sufficient fnroe to dash -my caudle from my hand. I rolled over twice and then was stopped by a second rock' io time to hear the firat-epUsh into the water below. It was useless to think of finding the candle, for I had thrown it far out into tbe chasm ; but I-siill had some wax matches, and I came to the desperate resolution that I would continue my descent and, if -watT barred my way, to plunge Into it and drown rather than prolong my sufferings. Yet, when I lit a piece of paper aod held it blaring 'above my head, I in stinctively threw myself backwards to : save myself from the fate . bad just contemplated. The place where I stood was crumbling . under me ; small par- \- ticles of rock-were streaming down the ride of "the chasm in all directions; and s tLjt smeafli n nhw.ilrAn olfenn KalrilV mn which was now, of coarse sand, bad become disturbed and was'commencing to move downwards.- Splashes; and a low blaring sound as the sand slid info -the water told me tbe destination of thfa avalanche. In another momeot X had to drop the biasing paper from my. band ; my snpport.gave way under me, and I was amidst the moving tide. \- i Btrnggled -desperately - ns J sank, "deeper and eeper-ur tihe - treaaberonff etuffi Then, when too much exhausted to make another effort to escape. my- feet struck something hard, and. for -a time ! was safe on a jotting :point of rock While Ilay there gasping I saw something, which instilled fresh courage nnfo me, . To my left, some distance below, I eaw riayligbt. Then a groan escaped me— tha light had gone! Yet. I could not believe that I bad been tnisteken; and suddenly, to my relief,. I saw ithe eame thing again,., and knew that there was in cutlet. .What caused it to vanish and then reappear l could uot Understand. A continual splashing below ; warned me to be careful. Before moving itwunecessarytbat Jahonld see (remethlngof myeurironndinga. , riad nomore papar to1ight, bnt I stillifotd plenty of- matches. J-struck r hdiadwa of them upright' In the r handle ot my pocket knife, ill- them,: r and«foeo jooh»d rpond jne. I «B «n ' an friahd amid«t the mpvmg "Band., I Twenty foet'bri&W; me, a grehtitocfc,3 i, "Hy -hfotjr r- rocf tS eeme lniga v -i- y. " ' AT down tbe opening in eafety, when new danger threatened mp- Masses of -loose rock above me, which had been partly (supported by the eand bad begun to fall, and several boutdera came ploughing down the elope. My position was e terrible one ; at any moment I might be crashed lo death ; tbe very place where I war standing might give way and hurl me CD to the rock below; or a' great boulder block up the opening aud seal my fate. By this time I had used up nearly, all my matches ; to be left withoat the meane of making a light would be madnesr, aud I quickly made hp my mind what to do. I allowed the matches that were alight to bam themselves out ; then looked towards the outlet It was uncovered, and tbe daylight shining through it made a brack along tbe sand. The top of this streak was . about fifteen feet to my left, and gathering myself together I sprang towards it. Bat my foot atrnck a piece of rock, aod I plunged head first into tbe eand beyond. For a minute I straggled to extract myself, "teut the limit to my endurance had been reached, and I became unconscious. When my senses re tarn ed. Ilay for many -minutes trying to think where I was. On either side was a great cliff, above the moon ehone calmly as she Boated through the fleecy clonda. Thinking that I had awakened from a horrible dream I wearily raised my bead arid looked ronnd ma I was lying at tbe base of a huge cone-shapc-d heap of decomposed rock, its apex resting against the cliff and terminating in some black, ragged object; which I could not make' out at firat. Soon, however, a peculiar hiraing noise struck my ear, ami, as I gassd upwards, the black object Bbowed i'sdf to be a. kind of irregular archway, through which a grey torrent of email particles poured dowu the cone, aud I knew that it mast be the exit from the scene of my sufferings. For days I wandered in a network of interesting gorgeswithperpendiclarsides. Once with my revolver I killed a squirrel, and so badly did I need food that I ate it raw. Another time I used my ragged shirt as a net, and csught some minnowB in s pool. I have dim memories of Indians giving me food ; aod once, I think, they fled before me, as thongb I were some dangeronB animal. Then one day I found myself beiDg carefully tended by ro'igh bnt kindly hands — some pros pectors had found me. Yrars have passed since then, and though I have twica been very poor tbe wealth burled lo that dreadful place hss never tempted me to revisit the scene of my awfnl experience. — Detroit Free Press. 