On the Wallaby. (By 6x8.) Fish, snake, horse, dog and ghost lies are dead—stone dead outt back! Dawson and Dunsford have taken their places. The all absorbing conversa- tional topic just now on the track, in shearers' huts, whalers' bends, and bush camps and pubs is aforesaid gentlemens now historical little pleasure trip on the what's-its-name Japanese steamer. Out West men are little troubled by yellow or any colored aliens of any kind, and it's only natural that they should make a louder and fiercer hue and outcry against them than the color- smitten North. Many Western bush men are highly exasperated, and ex- press great surprise at the two country saviours and brainy statesmens strange experiment. Were an election at hand at the present time, and the two great reformers of Charters Towers came to try their luck in a scrub-electorate, their chance of "copping" the coveted six "John Dunns" a week would be as remote as—well as the present scribe's solemn declaration to abstain in the future from the use of all intoxicating liquors as a beverage. By the way, is beer an intoxicating liquor, or only a beverage? But to the two Ds. The bushwhacker who's still surprised at anything a labor politician does aad doesn't do, has no right to be alive in this wicked world. I'm convinced he doesn't altogether know where he are, and hasn't/been on the Wallaby as long as this simple child. Also it's altogether absurd and ridiculous to blame Dawson, M.L.A. (Mustn't Leave Australia). Why shouldn't he travel on a Jap boat as well as anybody else? Hasn't he as much right to ogle a wistful little she-Jap as any of his constituents? I maintain he has. Like wise Dawson. M.L.A. (Mustn't Leave Australia) doesn't represent bush whackers, he represents miners; so I don't see what authority bushies have to condemn the actions of Dawson, M.LA. Furthermore, according to the A.W.U. (All Working Underhand) constitution, the ordinary Bill Jim has absolutely no right whatever to criticse the deeds of his superiors i.e. Iabor officials, even though he does pay them their paltry salary, which hardly keeps them in beer and cigars. Moreover, Dawson is the Labor leader —the boss of the whole joint, and, I should think, can darned well please himself whereto and with whom he travels. Finally, he only did it just to see what it was like. "Did it just to see what it was like" sounds nice and—well, you must excuse me, I can't help it, I must drop into—into what ever you like to call it. I sincerely hope you'll forgive me this time, and ru take an oath never to do it again. Oh this weary world is full of sly hypocrisy and cant, And of billet-hunting humbugs, aud of shufflers and of rant; But quite novel and refreshing, and who really takes the "cike" Is the chap who is a sinner just to see what it is like. Yes, he really tabes the "cike," For hie does Ms f u&ny; capons", just to see what it is like ! * - I They can never find him guilty and-1* but never mind his name, He's a funny kind of fellow, and he gets, there just the same. He can rob and lie and plunder, he ■ can even shake a bike. For, of course, he only does it just to see what it 4s like. He can even shake a bike, ITust because he only does it Just to see what it is like! He tsaitt live a life of pleasure, end he needn't work at all, Ahdmake merry with subscriptions In theshearers* tTnion'Hall; "Se. ean "fcalc©" books a la Penman whiles themen are out on strike, For he really only does it, just to see whacitislike; While the men are out on strike Be can loveadd drink and gamhie, jiist to see what iWs like! ■ '■ \ He can be a Labor Bleeder, and address the "Med as ^chaps"; He can howl and corse the aliens, while He patronlsea Japs. A And can sail in colored steamers, for, : like.Burgiar Billy Syke, He means Tio h^rm. and does it Just tc see what it is like ! • Just like Penman and Bill . *.- Syke. can' be a naughty efnner, "jffst to "R:mwm & Mtim" . ; - > He seldom, if ever, washed himself, leave alone his rags; - in fact, he was awalkingmasBofdirty rags and bones. He used to eat hismeals"oin/ his Sir'.a" with the clogs, and seldom spoke to anyone, and all hands, including him self, tiad lahslled him "ratty." He used todohiswork at the shed mechan ically, with a blank vacant stare'inhis eyes, I pitied him and gave him a pipe o' baccy and i^_few matchesevery time he asked for it > His asking became sofrequient that X gatfcuBpIc ions amd cultivated his acquaintance, and found, &s; 1 had anticipated, that hfe was the moist cunning. individual in theshed, and shed bands, as & rule are very cunning indeed, in their own tastimation.— '"Yfest," he confided to me?, "I was onthe Towers last year, and very hard up at that., I've got £60 in the bank, but you see I never draw money once banked,, so I went to Mrs E. and told hear a very pathetic tale and got half a quid; then to Mi's B., who also 'Wed' 10/-: next I tapped the priest,, who gave a crown. With the 25 bob I went to the races and won £15. Not bad, is it?" I thought not. *Y ing ; clothes I pick up in the shearers* huts attier cut-out. Matches and to bacco I cadge. I don't often, wash, and when I do I pick up the bits of soap those cunning fellows here throw away. Oh, ves, they think I'm mad. It pays me to keep thetn thinking so.". The same allegedly 'ratty' chap wanted to raffle ah old Waterbury at a fehillifng a member. Fourteen was the num ber of miembers ]je required, and when he could only laise seven, this "ratty" young man 'proposed to takd the re maining seven 'throws* himself! The bush is full of puch characters. They're undoubtedly the meanest specimens of bush humaanity. and should be com pelled. by Act of Parliament, to carry a red light to warn philanthropists against wasting good charity. ~ "Beotty the WrinMer" is leaving the track for London! With him Aus tralia will lose its best known and mbst original Wallablst. Old Scotly, otherwise, Phil Mowbrsy, could hot, possibly have adopted a mare fitting soubriquet thaan "The Wrinkler." He is full of points and wrinkles. A few months ago thie old warrior ex hibited his whalingrcanip at Melbourne A.N.A. Exhibition, and gave lectures upon life on the Wallaby in general, and whaling &c.; in particular. He was so successful that he intends tour-y ing Great Britain on the same lay. When a commission was appointed by the Victorian Government necentiy to look into the evils of and possible curse for the cursed den ink, "Scotty" promptly offered himself as a subject, on the principle"you find the drink and Fll- supply the drunk." The Wringer has tried hard to persuade this writer to accompany him on his old country tour. His last appeal camein the fol lowing characteristic epistle, which, I think, is too good to be loot. "Pondler my words, oh Six, and con eider my meditation: Tlie scheme sent to yoa is so feasible and-so productive of fun* if not of 'num,' (being derived from numbers, a coin), that it ought to suit you and me. What if we are stranded in France, or Italy, or Ire land! Have we not still the stylus and the style? Have we lost our xnaga zines and our mags? And would the season not be that of tlie festive garden party, where, by appointment or by in trusion, we could be typical and tippU cal Austral pilgrims, where the billy trick would give way to the claret eun, the Radininton, the icy bubbling Moselle and the cobbler, not of th* psa, but of sherry for the penman? You'll never have such a chance of a mate again, and it is jail doable, and blsing novel, is a matter of pity if a failure. Pity means alot 4b©. a, ship Wreckied mariner; amongst other things it m&ans; copy." Scotty comes of a Very wealthy and highly aristo cratic family In Scotland. Be is goine into clover as it were. Tin not biased and built that way, and fwefer the Wallaby in good old sunny Australia. He was a peaeeful drunk. and sit ting quietly outside of a way back pub wten a fightable dmnk rushed out, and without jamiy kind of provocation hit him a blow between the eyes. "What yer hittin' me for?" asked the peace ful drunk, '1 didn't pay anything." "Neow," snarled the figh^aWe roan roll isg up his sleeve, "yer didn't say any thing', but yere one of those coves, that's always thinkSaiV* Which goes to prove jHtettF <3eajrly that silence jkrffc £»» I better sometimes. Bat then, goodness knows what might have happened if the peaceful drunk had spoken. 