DOINGS (BY SOMEBODY.) Genesis I fell across quite a literary curiosity, as curiosities go in this ancient settle- ment, the-other day. It was headed THE INQUIRER. A WESTERN AUSTRALIAN JOURNAL OF POLITICS AND LITERATURE. No. 1. Wednesday, August 5th 1840 (occulta vitea inquirere). Price One Shilling, or 10s. per quarter. Think of it, ye readers of London "Daily Telegraph," "Lloyd's Weekly," New York "Herald," and Melbourne "Age," the first issue of a Western Australian paper published 59 years ago in Perth! I gazed on it with awe, and yet with pent-up merriment. You know what the "West Australian," "Morning Herald," and " Daily News " (!) are, NOW don't you? Well, this particular broad-sheet was just 59 years worse than any of them, so you can imagine it for yourselves. The size 15in. by 10in, the type what is known as "Pica" and "Great Primer" for the front and back pages; "Small Pica" and "Bourgeois " for the inner ones. The type being too large and the paper too small. the "Inquirer" pre- sents a comical appearance. As in these days the news from the outer world was a year or two old before it reached the editorial desk of the "Inquirer," it was not an exciting journal, although it might have been so to the curious humans who waded the sands of Perth in those medieval times. But bring your mind back to the dis- covery of gold in Victoria ELEVEN YEARS AFTER this first number of the "Inquirer " was in circulation, and you get an idea of the energy, push, and perseverence of the half-dozen or so of citizens who inhabitated this terra incognita in 1840. The editor was Francis Lochee, a name to conjure with in those days and he devotes, two of the twelve columns to an "Address to the Public" about "Ourselves, our views, our motives." Fancy the-following :- "This journal has not been estab- lished without mature reflection, etc."! "The world at large remains lament- ably ignorant of the true position of this colony.'' Owing to the energy, push, and perseverance of editor Lochee's fellow colonists the world remained ignorant for 50 years afterwards. "The difficulties affecting our outset have been considerable, but they have been firmly met and happily sur- mounted." Great Caesar's mother-in-law! You should just see the microscopic sheet. I assume the difficulties consisted in finding a man, not too tired to write and a compositor not too knocked up for want of something to do, to set the matter up. "We are deeply aware of the re- sponsibility of the task we have under- taken." I don't think there were any "six families" in those days; at all events there was no lawyer-firm of Cheetham and Chishelm, sons-in-law pleading in court before their father-in-law, as in these modern times, but I am credibly informed there. were "three families" who, in the absence of the foreign devils that have since overrun this happy land, fought venomously among themselves. Then it was a case of dog eat dog, now the pack, unites in eating up the foreign devils. The delicate operation of steering a neutral course among the three fami- lies doubtless constituted the responsi- bility which Editor Lochee so feelingly recognised. "The inculcation of RELIGION is probably not one of the offices of a public journal (!) but . . . . its principles will be earnestly cherished and supported, etc." Here we get a clue as to the origin of the movement which has resulted in making Perth the most church-ridden city on the face of the earth for its size and population. It was the power- ful advocacy of the "Inquirer" of 1840 which evidently, from the germs then planted, has produced the most abundant crop of collection plates ever seen. It was also most likely the tremendous influence of the "Inquirer" that led in later times to the consoli- dation of the power and influence of those great moralists, Messrs. Ackett, Rowe, and Lovekin, pure and self- sacrificing men of clean lives, not one of them with a PAST, that is, scarcely one of them. Thank the Lord, their elevating presence and their example to the community helps to make Perth what it is-a place in which the Su- preme, Local, and Police Courts are never heard of. When I say never, I mean "hardly ever." I am rejoiced to think that the inculcation of religion was earnestly cherished and supported by Editor Lochee, because the result of his and other good men's labours is the paradise of Perth, W.A. "The proprietors (!) of this journal are determined to spare no expense, etc." You know the gag. Its a fairly old one, but somehow like pantomimes, and East Lynne it always draws. There are 17 advertisements in this wonderful first issue. Thus I find that William Leeder - from whom I believe Leederville gets its designation - has on sale boots, leggings, hooks and eyes, tapes, threads, needles, pins, and a fine collection of port, sherry, madeira, Claret, London porter, ale, and brown stout (Oh that lovely brown stout, and in making over "this day" his "trade or busi- ness of a butcher " to his son, W. H. Leeder, he thanks the public for the kind support with which he has been so long honored (this in 1840 mind) ; while the son "trusts that by strict attention to the wants of his customers he may ensure a continuance of that support which, etc., etc" You will see that the fashions in ad- vertising do not alter much. I saw much the same kind of stuff in this week's papers. I also see ex-Chieftain, linen and cotton ticking dimities,duck,velveteens, edgings, bobbin lace, English and Dutch cheese, ledgers, journals, fools- cap, bath post, etc., etc., etc., over the signature George Shenton and Co., Chemists and Druggists, General Dealers. Perth, July 8th, 1840. They used to move so quick in those days that, although the first number of the "Inquirer" was published on August 5th, Shenton's ad. of July 8th actually reached the office in time for inclusion. I understand that the office of the "Inquirer" was where the "Morning Herald" now is, and Shen- ton's old corner was either where De Baun's Hotel is, or the opposite corner. Guildford, dear old sleepy Guildford, comes out strong with two ads., given by apparently the leading storekeeper of those primeval periods one George Bracher, who not only tells the read- ing public that he has superior black and green tea, pork, ginger, lancets, axes, fire-irons, saltpetre, and a host of other condiments on hand, but that he is selling at very reduced prices in order to reduce large stocks on hand! This same gentleman has a "house to let," with garden, kitchen, and brick oven, formerly occupied by Mr. Price, botanist. Where's Bracher now, and Price Botanist, I wonder? Under or over the turf ? Have they descendants ? Are these married into or unto the six families, and have they become of the West Australian aristocracy ? In those days there were no B. C. Wood and Co., Allan Deuchar, or other auctioneers' and land boomers. Messrs. Agett and Stokes used to do the "third and last time" then, and they advertised not only to sell at Habgood's Stores, Fremantle, on Thursday, 20th August, 1840, almost everything, but to accommodate settlers in the interior "absolutely forward goods to Guild- ford." Sounds ridiculous now, doesn't it, this offer to forward goods 19 miles; but in those days that 19 miles was somewhat in the nature of what a journey from Perth to Leonora would be now. Get off the made road at Subiaco on to the sand and go along to Cottesloe Beach with a decently-heavy load, and tell me what you and your horses think about it. By Jove, it was no light offer of Messrs., Agett and Stokes, I can tell you. Mr. William Leeder offers £10 re- ward for the conviction of some evil disposed person who did wantonly, deface his house by painting a shame- ful inscription thereon, and, Mr. Geo. J. Webb (the hon. secretary) notifies that the fourth Perth Assembly ball will be held at Hodges' Hotel on Wed- nesday, 12th August, 1840. How is it we don't have any printed accounts of the Hodges' and other early hotels of Perth, Guildford, Bunbury, Gerald- ton, and other ancient West Austra- lian cities? We have plenty of records of Nineveh, Babylon, Thebes, Tanis, and other old places, and here are the first named equally important centres of our own, and nary a record. Someone is to blame. I fancy the Government ought to appoint a historiographer. It would be a capital billet for some un- employed cadet of the six families, if there is one not already in a billet. He could get his material by asking his father or grandfather. Just imagine how interesting a history of the lives of the leading families would be to the people of the colony. Tales of their early struggles with the natives and obdu- rate mother earth, and how they sub- dued both, bringing in the latter case hundreds of thousands of acres now under such beautiful cultivation, into subjection. . There was a governor in W.A..in 1840\. God knows who he was. The Colonial Secretary of the day adver- tises that tenders will be received at his office for the supply of three strong carts, with or without springs, for the Survey Department, and he concludes " By His. Excellency's command PETER BROWN." Peter, unfortunately, in none of his notices - and there are no less than seven, in this one issue - does not give posterity the name of the illustrious ruler who ordered three strong carts in one pop. He does tell us, however, that His Excellency has appointed a a board (there's nothing new under, the sun) which is to determine whether "laborers introduced into this colony on ' bounty ' fall within the required description." In 1840, influence used to do very wicked things. For instance, the Gov- ernment resumed certain land owned by a Colonel Latour, who had sold it. To whom? - to a syndicate! By Jove, yes; to a syndicate. The latter went to work at headquarters, and the no- tice to resume was rescinded. As others had tried to get the same favor, and couldn't, the editor was mildly in- dignant, and asked, " What peculiari ties are necessary in order that these others may profit in a like degree ! " Of course, all this wickedness was committed under the old Imperial system. It is not possible now under Consti- tutional Government, democracy, and the Forrest administration. For in- stance, no man, or body of men, could now get a monopoly of the meat market, nor a timber concession, nor is there any old resident, powerful enough to get the Government to resume the vir- gin acres he got for nothing at high prices. As for one mining company getting exemption while another can- not, the thing is impracticable. It's never attempted now, because every one knows that under the honest, fear less Forrest Government each case is always decided purely on its merits. God help me. I wonder whether I have a ghost of a show of a here- after. I should like you all to have a look at the first number of the Perth " In- quirer." It is a quaint curio, and its Perth descendants are worthy of it. Packer, Q.G., and Woman. Am I right in supposing that the W.C.T.U., the Leisure Hour Club, and the Woman's Franchise League are synonymous terms ? I am quite innocent, and only ask the question because I see the same string of names at all their wearisome gatherings. They appear to be a sort of Scratch each otiher's back'society, and are for ever in search of the unde- finable or, impossible. Did they get much satisfaction from the leading article in their Very own dear paper the " West Australian " of Saturday last on the drink question, I wonder? Despite their tremendous efforts in the cause of temperance, total absti- nence, and such like rot, the game goes against them all along the line. West Australia's grog bill gets heavier and heavier, and we hold the proud position Of being the biggest lushing tons the world produces. It is a proud pre-eminence, and, as I always maintain, it is through the help of the W.C.T.U. and kindred Organisations that we have attained it. It is very, stupid of them to keep up the game, but it requires a certain amount of brute courage, which I admit they possess. l do not for one moment suppose the drink statistics, showing what an abject failure all their efforts are, will dishearten Mrs. Ferguson or her male and female coadjutors. . They will stick to their hopeless cause so long as they have strength enough left-to make a collection. But to get Parker, Q-C., into their ranks is a surprise. - Certainly it was in tibe name of the Woman's Franchise League, and not the W.C.T.U., they collared him ; butas it appears to be tiiè same crowd, it furnishes my reason for putting my opening question. I think Parker Q-C.'s speech at the W.C. League meeting was a gem. He said " that from his youth up he had been an admirer of women." I have heard this said before-of Parker, Q.C. Perth C.C. I am sorry, very sorry, to have to inform the two grown people and the one boy who read the SUNDAY TIMES that there is not the usual weekly free fight in the Perth City Council to record. The reason is that the council only meets fortnightly, You three must therefore see that I cannot re- cord a "weekly encounter, the reason being obvious. I understand some legislation on the subject so as to compel the City Council to meet oftener will be introduced next session. The rate- payers get precious little for their money, and a concession in tibe shape of a weekly meeting is not too much to expect. His Worship the Mayor need not promise this boon definitely, as his is not the Bunbury council ; but he might consult his colleague Molloy on the subject, and see what can be done. This- step would allay the present dis- satisfaction. A Pill from Beauchamp. That was a tremendous left-hander the new Governor of New South Wales gave his people in his poetic quotation the other day, wasn't it? To say even in poetry that one's ances- tors were convicts is just a trifle im- politic. As soon as he arrives, how- ever, he can write an original poem on Sydney Harbour, and thus in some way make an amende. Sydney Harbor is quite an original theme for the "poet." I do not think anyone has ever expressed his sentiments on its beauties before, either in poetry or prose. As for the Sydney people they are so used to it they never mention it themselves, nor dream of saying, " What do you think of our harbour ? Religion's at it Again. ' Very amusing reading the cables published on Tuesday last relating to the silly goat movement called " Divi- sions in the Church." It seems scarce- ly credible that two old men of cul- ture, with the lines of age adown and criss-crossing their faces, the Archbis- hops of Canterbury and York, should be sitting in judgment on the Revs. Westall and Ram, because the latter idiots have been lighting up some scented fat and spice in their churches and that the Archbishops have an- journed another case touching the use Of processional lights, because some other surpliced fool and his fellow fools think their souls are not in such, jeopardy if they do a walk round with some large stearine dips clutched in their hands. As though a just God, a good and kind God, a beneficent, beautiful Heavenly Father, cared a single, solitary damn whether they march along with incense or liquid sewage for that matter. It certainly wili not incense Him when he looks down on their baby pranks below. But a dangerous incendiary like Kensitt takes it upon his impudent, insolent self to interpret who and what his God is, and what he likes and dis- likes. There are crowds of impudent devils like Kensitt stirring up religious rancour, and these two Archbishops, frightened of the multitude, are cring- ing to it, and directing operations against the blazing assess Westall and Ram. To tan the whole screaming, howling, hair-splitting crowd till they wouldn't be able to sit down even on a damp cloud for three months, would he the easiest, safest, cheapest way to stamp out what drivelling press writers bombastically call, " Divisions in the Church." If I had authority I would order all their damned craniums' to be- knocked together till they had real swelled heads. That this religious filth should flow past us in 1899 is almost unbelievable. To me it shows that the spread of edu- cation is beginning not to make men wiser, but to work irreparable mischief. The more learning crammed into the brain pans of the world's people the sillier they become. Ewing and Downing. The "try on" of these sons-in-law upon their father-in-law didn't come off. Mr. Justice Stone had too much regard for the purity of the Supreme Court Bench to be cajoled from the straight path by the dangerous wiles of his relatives by marriage, and for once their boasted influence was powerless to save them from an ignominious at- tempt to commit to prison a man who had come between the wind and their nobility. The pleading look upon the face of Ewing (did you ever study its outlines?) made not the slightest im- pression upon the upright judge ; so future clients need have no doubts as to employing other legal firms to con- duct their business in place of men, who are for ever striving might and main to obtain and retain a monopoly of it by undignified means. But if I might, even as the mouse to the lion, humbly suggest to Mr. Jus- tice "Stone, I would say : Take a lesson set you by other eminent judges, your Honour, and send these sons-in-law packing into other courts in order that no suspicion shall tarnish the unsullied brightness of your name, nor smirch by a zephyr's breath the purity of the high office you dignify by your occu- pancy of it. Get rid of them from your Court, your Honour. They belong to another and less chivalrous age than yours, else they would not accept work which brings them before you at all. The suspicion with which they are regarded by other practitioners was evident enough in the attitude these latter adopted. There were continu- ous efforts made to keep Vosper (who defended himself, you will remember) in the right legal path. Precedents bearing upon and disputing every point Ewing took up were gratuitously searched for and handed along to him, till the amateur gave the professional a rattling good drubbing all along the the line. All the same, I imagine the father will have a bad quarter of an hour, when the wives get on to him, at home. Dreyfus. Do you remember when a soldier was also a gentleman! Perhaps it was before your time It is so, though, even in most armies now. But I think that the daily revelations in the Dreyfus case must lead most people to believe that the whole batch of, French gene- rals and lesser grade officers mixed up in the most evil-:melling episode of the nineteenth century are not even fit to be New York policemen. And I can say nothing stronger than this. Republicanism never did nor ever will do anything but degrade France. She is not built that way. ; The Messiah of W.A. The Forrest Premier asked the fol- lowing very pertinent question in his speech to-the Geraldtonians at the local Masonic Hall last Monday even- ing : He had been called the great cen- traliser, but why should he favour Perth and Fremantle more than other places? I'll tell him. Because one is Perth, and the other Fremantle. That's why. W.A. Boers v. Uitlanders. I see that the Boer Mayor of Perth refused to put the amendment of Vosper, M L.A., to the effect that we have our own grievances here of a national character, while the griev- ances of the Ouitlanders of the Trans- vaal are more of a mining ring origin. Be sure that all attempts to get our franchise and other rights will be re- sisted to the death by Boers of the Mayor and James stamp. They'll fight like catamounts to keep us out of our rights and to prevent our get- ting the power which will crush them, their monopolies and tyranny out of existence, The Mayor called upon Boers to speak, but wouldn't let the other side be heard. It is West Australian justice, and we all know what interpretation is given to that word in this tyrant- ridden colony. I trust, as the motion of sympathy with the Transvaal Ouitlanders was, carried, that the latter will reciprocate with the Ouitlanders of Western Aus- tralia, and pass a vote of sympathy with us against the Boers who rule us with a rod of iron in every way as rigid as that of old Kruger's. How Different. The Government of Tasmania will not let its Agent-General become a director of a London-Tasmania rail- way. I wonder at Sir Fysh consent- ing to let himself be nominated. At ail events the Tasmanian Government took the decent stand. How different to the conduct of the West Australian peasant Government, which permitted that sweet boon to any society, Wittenoom, who chucks Gaiety girls under the chin, etc., etc., etc., to act as director of mining-and !smelting companies, while Minister of ? Mines. Fine dirty history this coUjiy ! has under responsible .Government, eh!; Idiocy. Here is the concluding paragraph of a leading article in the silly " West Australian" of last Thursday on the revenue and expenditure of the colony for the current financial year. Tell me what you think of it. "As already pointed out, two sources of revenue, railways and stamps, showed better results last month than a year previously, and had it not been for the half-yearly land rents falling due in March last, the revenue in April for the current year would have been much in excess of its returns for its immediate predecessor," In other words, I, who am in receipt of the modest salary of two thousand per annum paid to me by my editor at the rate of £166 13s. 4d. per month, had not been foolish enough to consent to take last month's screw, I should this month have had to draw £333 6s. 8d. Consequently, my income for April, "would have been much in ex- cess of my income for March.", You, of course, see that by an exact parity of reasoning I arrive at the same con- clusion as this leader-writing slab, who ought to be taken about and exhibited as a striking example by Mark Twain. As it is, the silly oaf is allowed to keep on making his" silly paper read sillier every day. By the Lord Harry, it's time the Uitlanders of W. A took the conduct of things into their own hands and suppressed about ten thousand evils, among them this stupid sheet calling itself a newspaper. 