DOUBLY BETEAIED. BY ISABEL BELLERBY. bnw. Author «4 'Won 'by; Strategy,' oto. GSAiP'raatn. CHAPTER III. Ho blossed hor in his heart for tho mute assurance of tho fidelity he was not free to claim. Ho did not bog that ho would ever bo any froer than now j but it was something to know that he pos sessed her love, though ho told himself that ho waa selfish to feol glad of it, knowing that his brother's shame must always bo his. Ho could never offer his tainted name for her acceptance. Ho tried to believe this as he held her hand in the anguished moment of part ing. Their oyes met, and for an instant ' their souls held brief communion. Their fingers olung as though glued together. But they spoke no word— neither had tho power — until ho compelled himself to loosen his clasp of her hand, to with draw his eyes from hers. Then, the spell broken, she murmured, for him alone to hear : — 'God bo with you, Earlel' 'And with you, my dear one!' was his whispered reply, as ho left the room and walked blindly out to the cab waiting to take him to tho station. A pang of jealousy shot through! Rosa lind's breast as she saw that quiet part ing. No sooner had the door closed be hind Earlo'than. she said: — 'Are you lovers, you two?' 'Linda! my dearest, what an absurd question!' exclaimed Lady Bradshaw, before her daughter could have spoken, had she wished to do so, which was far from being the case. 'Have you for gotten that Mr. Rosindale's brother is in prison for forgery?' 'Wiat of that? It makes it all +he more romantic. Tell me, Igerna, has he proposed to you ?' This was more easy to answer, though all spoech was painful just then. 'No Linda. ' Mother, you haw not forgotten that we promised to attend Mrs. Baron's concert this afternoon? It will bo worth going to. Herr Grad1 wohl's orchestra as to perform.' 'Let mo sco, I forget what it is for?' ?Her ladyship knitted her brows- j con certs for ohni'itablo purposes wore not worth making noto of, in her opinion. 'Thie proceeds/ are to go towards es taiblishing a. private homo for retired govornessss.' 'Retired goveme-ssos? What a pre posterous idea! Why should Buoh peo ple rotiro?' 'Probably because they are too old to find further employment,' suggested Igerna, with a curious sensation of sud denly finding her trouble easier to bear ftt being reminded of tho number of solitary women in tho world, who had to work for a living and depend on charity to save them from Starvation in their old age, in addition, perhaps, to enduring pain and loss equal to her own. 'I think our Government ought to pen sion such women. It should not be left to the goodness of private individuals ? to provide for them.' Lady Bradshaw yawned. 'If wo are to g;o to this concert wo might as woll get ready. It will not bo necossary to stay long, Linda would, muoh prefer a Idrivo, I feel sure.' 'Much,' affirmed Miss Hurst. 'I consider it a day wastod when one does not show oneself in the park of an afte:* noon.' In earnest concerning the purpose for which she desired to raise money, Mrs. Baron had spared no troublo in obtain ing some of tho highest talent in the town for her concert. Igerna welcomed tho chance of listen ing to good music, knowing well its pro bable eft'eot on hor spirits. The sorrow ful heart she carried into the room, whore they were, greeted by Beethoven's 'Andante,' from tho C minor 'Sym- phony,' grow gradually leas and less BorroNjjJiul and more courageous, ? She listened with keen pleasure to the perfect rendering of Wagner's 'Traume,' which sent hor thoughts after the man whom sho never for a moment really forgot; but they were not saddening thoughts by any moans. And the next thing on the programme — an exquisite 'PraUide' by R oat— did her a real kind ness by lifting hoy, heart and aoul, to a hoight far abovo all remembrance of human sorrow ; a dazzling brightness of a waiting joy breaking on her mounting spirit before the thomo died away to n gentle stillness, throbbing softly into silence. Tho spoil wa3 not brolten when Uacly Bradshaw suggested that they had been there long enough to have been seen by everybody, so they might as well go. Igoraa rose willingly enough, albeit die sighed a little. But she was con tent to cany away an undisturbed memory of that 'Pr&ludo;,' which sho did not remember to have heard before. Her mother rejoiced at tho brighter expression ot' tho face sho liad watched moro anxiously than sho had roali&ed; Her daughter was very dear to her, and sho desired nothing better than to pro mote Igerna's happiness, providing their views concerning the moons to that end did not clash, Linda ohottorod onough for all throo as their carriage turned into tho park. Couoei-ts she held to bo a nuisance, un- \ less given by a military band, which played music- worth listening to— comio opera, selections, barn-dances, and so on. But, mingling with tho well-dressed orowd in the park, she waa in her ele ment. The lifo wasi new to her, but Bhe fitted into it as ono is bound to fit into tho nicho for which ono happens to bo tho right sizo and shape. Somo men and women go through tho world with out finding their own proper nicho; it is inevitable that it should bo so, though it Booms a pity. A flower-girl, who was nearly knocked down by Lady Bradshivw's spirited horses during thoir return homewards, lookod curiously after tho carriage and its occupants, as she looked hourly at dozens of carriages. Tho life would have suited her nlao, but it was beyond her grasp, as it might have been beyond Rosalind Hurst's, but for the accident of those two deaths which had made her father a rioh man. Gordon Hurst was just leaving tho doorstep when tho carriage dashed up. His face brightened as he mode him self of uso in helping tho ladies to alight, nud followed them into tho house. No ono but Igerna objected to his making it apparent that her presence alono waa necessary to his happiness. Now less than ever was she likely to feel amicably disposed towards him. Had ho not been instrumental in part ing Earle and herself? Earlo had been too single-minded to suggest that Hurst may have had this in his mind when he determined to prosecute Bruce ; but Igeroa oould not rid her mind of tho suspicion that it might be so. Gordon Hurst was too vacillating to bo altogether trustworthy. Ho meant well, as a rule — so slue believed — but to mean well and to do well are two very different hings, not invariably follow ing in natural sequence. 'Is Cyril Brant presentable?' sheask ied on a sudden impulse, interrupting an (account Hurst was giving of ,a recent cycle ride he had enjoyed after office hours. 'Branit?. Presentable?' he repeated in amazement; 'Is lie tho kind of man you Could 'bring here, I mean?' 'Ghl — well, he's all right as to family and so on. But he doesn't go out much ; which is wise of him, as ho has nothing but his salaay to depend on.' 'I want to know him. Ho was Brueo .Rosindale's friend, wasn't he?' 'Igerna I what will you want next? The idea of being anxious to know tho intimate friend of a forger and thief I' 'You 'see, motnor, 1 aont oeiiovo Bruce Rosindale is either. Mr. Brant like myself, refuses to think him guilty ; throb hs why I want to know him. Please, 'bring him one afternoon soon, Mr. -Hurst. Describo Ids appearance to me. Is ho tall or short?' 'Fairly tall.' 'About tho same height as Bruoo Rosindalo?' 'Scarcely. Say an inch or so taller than myself.' 'Fair or darkj' 'Inclined to bo fair.' 'Good-looking?' 'I beliovo he is considered so.' 'You are not muoh of a band tut de scription, Gordon;' said his cousin. 'I think I have scon Mr, Brant, Igerna, il wont to the office ono day with dad, ?and a perfect love of u man interviewed ttsi — you wore out, Gordon. He. was deli riously slim, with such nice shaped feet and hands, His features wero almost /perfect — noso just a trifle too long, if ?anything, chin ditto — but his mouth «md oyes made up for other defects, such expressive eyes — a rich, warm grey, which may l-o taken for blue in somo lights. And his mouth was abso lutely kissable! Don't look so shooked, Lady Bradahaw; I bravoly withstood the temptation to try it — dad was there, you know,' sho added, laughing glee fully at the growing horror .in her hostess's face. 'You must have seen the fellow through magic speotacles,' observed her cousin, the ghost of a smile playing round his thin lips. 'He is hardly such an Adonis, Misa Bradshaw.' 'Clown-shaven?' queried Igerna, who had listened attentively to Linda's glow ing description. 'Clean as ai new tombstone,' affirmed Misa Hurst, 'I adoro clean-shaven men when they have nice mouths, don't you ?' 'It depends on the man,' was the oautious reply. Igerna could not take this girl Beriowj ly, and she more than Buspeoted her secret penohant for Earle. 