THE BOARD OF HEALTH'S NOSE. "ExecUonl! I smell a device." —Twelfth Night. 'in the words of Uw immortal Mrs rase "I cannot tell what Mr dickens liis name I?." but "he" Is responsible; the curious St. Kllda ratepayer has only to appeal t«» Cr Connlbore for undoubted evidence to sustain the Indictment. Dickens street. which Is not by any means a bleeding bemt yanl. but on the contrary a fashionable thoroughfare In St. Kllda, a place whore tenants pay thelr.ronts,.:uid dwell in amity secure from tiny prowl- lng lancka. Only one crumpled roseleuf disturbs their summer evenings siestas, and that Is a #mell without a name. a. roundabout odor tlrat steals along on the sea brecsos at Intervals, changing the poft ulr to noisome vajjourst. For the last seven years this ghost of a smell has prowled along Dickons street, and the municipal authorities have relinquished the task of endeavoring to lay It. At the last meeting of the council Sir George Turner was appealed to as a dernier hope, Surely, the .councillors urged. Sir Crcorge coujd fashion some mcLlukl hy which the smell could be laid by the heels. The brains that tod assisted in building up a federal constitution wore capable of dlssolvlug a local tin-pot smell. Sir George elected to hear the evidence, and the flrst witness wan In spector Adklns, who told Ito councillors with graphic distinctness hmv he bad watched and smelt, and how on his knws he had with his ncue tested each drain outlet. 12ven while smelling the odor came up thu street, and when he shifted his position the smell came down the street. It was useless, remarked Adklns, to try to trace it, as there were six outlets, am! he had only one trained nose at Ids disposal. One of the Council remarked Uiat the inspector would Imbibe the perms of something zymotic. If Dr. Cherry, of the University, would tell him the precise bacteria he might expect to encounter. Adklns waved the persithtgc aside, fir George, lie said, would understand that he, being armed with only one Inspector proof ncwe, could not have that none, however grent might bo his devotion to the Ht. Kllda Council, nt the vents of six drains at one and the same time. The surveyor, Mr Douncs, was next call ed for the prosecution, and he deposed that the smell had no right to linger; It should slide away Instead, as the fall in Dickens .street wns a fall that uny smell might reckon easy travelling. The ctts- nedness of the smell was shown by Ua constant perverscness In loafing about. Cr. Connlliere then relates! how ex- Cr. Moore had waited under it tree all night expending his tost effort to catch this smell. "It seems," remarked Sir George Turner, evidently turning over the evi dence In his mind, "to be a will o' the wisp sort of smell," It had dodged Ad klns. It had dolled the gravitation laws of the surveyor, it had played hide and seek with cx-Cr. Moore: In short, the whole strength of the St. Kllda Corpora tion was sot nt nought. "Dr. Moore," said Cr. Connlliere. "told mo tlmt If any of his household were laid down with typhoid he would bring an action against the Council." It was suggested that the action would lie against the smell. At this fir George Turner smiled, and raid. In effect; "Kx- cellent! I smell a device!" "What ntoui the Hoard of Health's none?" Adkltw had smelt so much that lie was In dan ger of sniffing the orpin away alto gether. An Famphugun, In Trlstvnm Shandy, puts It. "Nihil me pmnltot hu- Ju.h nasi"— "My nose has 1>«en the mak ing of me." "Nec est cur prrnlte.lt." as Code replied— "How the deuce could such a nose fall?" Failed Adklns nose had. In a measure, but the Hoard of Health's nose would not fall— It wiia ready to "macerate Itself In the service of mankind." Sir George moved a mo tion that the Hoard of Health nose lie invoked, stnee St. Kllda noses had failed to trace the source, Ihottghfar too toofull of the ttood of the smell. That request was despatched In due form by the Town Clerk, Mr ,T. W. Drown, yester day. anrl already the professional nose of the Hoard of Health, a nose Tristram would have written another chapter up on, Is sniffing towards Dickens street, no that "he" who lets loose thin piquant but ghostly smWl upon the ratepayers has now need of caution. 