ADVENTURES ON THE. LEVEN Thy "haukik"! My readers will remember tho adven ture related in "ThoPost"of the 25th ult, and tho conclusion thoroo'f, which left a couplo of sportsmen moditating on the emptiness of things in general, in cluding thoir billy. Now, thoso two had gone ud the river ostensibly to shoot duoks, although aomo whilom frionds wero unkind enough to hint that game moreentioing than "quackors" constituted tho magnet which drow tliom away from thoir comfortable beds; "But this is a libel; for ono of tho twain, anyway,' would soil his soul for a shot at a wildjiuck. Ho droams of it. ' Have not tho quiet slumbors of tho bank boon oft aroused in tho Btilly hours of tho night by tho cry of u Got him" 1 Does ho riot koop ducks? Is not his favorite gamo " duck-stone" 1 Ho will oven "duck" if you "eave arf a brick ac him " 1 Ho also believes in quack medicines (Dowar's for oxatnple).; : and with a gun is condncA' is as peculiar Wie Bankor shines at sitting in tho stern shoots (whilo Barkis doos tho pulling), nnd drawa a bead on overything animate or in animate that strikes his fancy. Ho nearly shot a shag that afternoon — and tho rower, too ; but the latter ducked in timo. Tho shag escaped by tho skin of its back tooth, the shot striking tho water a moro hundred yards or so behind it. It was vory hard luck, after such, preparations as thoy had made, to have their sport spoiled at a timo when tho ducks were expocted to congregate in thousands around their decoys, and wait placidly furannihilation. To the poetic soul of ono thore was ovory compensation in the fact of being ablo to resoue damsels in distress ; to the platonlc soul of the other, there was compensation only in the ability to use swear words, and tho. outlet for its disappoint ment provided - by tho unoffending mosquito. After tho rescued party had taken their departure tho sportsmen hold a committee meeting. The Banker—after taking some roedioide — took the ohair. It wae proposed that tho man of. figures should be rowed over to the mud flat, stripped, adorned with a . few green branches, and left thero till high tido, tho proposer giring it as his opinion 'that it would then bo easy for tho former to catch the ducks which tho latter would un- dertako to sool towards him, a la Australian aboriginal. This motion, however, was not carried, although there was only ono dissentient. The Banker then proposed that Barkis should climb an adjacent tree and keep watch for tho ducks whilo ho (the Banker) had "a bit of a snoozo." Said ho always felt sleepy after taking his mcdioine. But, as Barkis would only do so on condition that ho took the mcdioine bottle up tho tree with him, this' proposition also fell through. It was thon resolved that thoy should pull up into the troch water to. fill their billy, make a cup of tea, and then plant them selves near thoir decoys in the hopo of getting a few shots at daybreak ; " For," said tho Bankor, "I promised my missis roast duok for dinner on Sunday, and she has already bought an extra bag of onions, a small forest of sage, and all the stale bread in Ulverstone to make stuffing. Our hired girl, too, is going to cook a dish of anecdotes' to oat with 'em. It will be an awful thing, Barkis, if wo don't shoot any." And the latter eohocd "awful" in a deep, sepulchral way. He, too, had rashly made a somewhat similar promise. Suoh thoughts were not oheoring, and it was comforting- to have tho modicino .bottlo so haiidywhilo thoy were fooling unwell. Thoy, thoro- foro, took their guns and pulled away up the river. When abeain of Becky's, Barkis, who was in tho bow, suddenly ex claimed, "Shi" "What's the matter," asked the Banker, "are you ill ?" " No," but duoks in millions just ahead of us 1 Pull steady and I'll bldw 'em to smith ereens." Then, after taking aim for about half An hour at the dead branch of a enoffwbioh the current was swaying to and fro in the water, ho let drive both barrels and blew it to pieceb 1 It was nasty of tho Banker to pick some of tho twigs out of tho water and offer them to the shooter with the remark that ho would probably like to keep some' of "the feathers " as trophies. Barkis, of courso, was too hurt to reply, but his eye took on that vacant expression which is the at tribute of the common or garden bung- hole, and tho onlysound ho uttored is oertainly not fit for publication in a high- toned journal such as "ThoPost." To relate how they planted thepiselves, and froze throughout . the chilly houra'of the dawn, patiently awaiting the advent of those errant ducks, which, alas, nover advented ; and what they whispered to the mosquitos picnioing upon their quivering bodies, would take up too much of tho space at my disposal. When the. sun got up, rosy and lusty as a young, god, and took his morning bath in the blue re- flectivo stream, tingeing with gold the downy mists that lie like ghosts along the green hillsides, and waking tho songs of - morning in evory dewy thicket, the lovely qcene did not arouBe the slightest shade of, interest in the Banker's callous breast. Ho simply objurgated tho tardy duoks, Bwore he would have a shot at something or other for Bpite, produced for that pur pose a dead marine (which he had sur- repticiously- emptied ,durin«-ifc— ftvw- wtfere "R— Sank. His companion remarked that probably it's sins wero too heavy for it, and it would rest there in its watery bed to arise somo day and mook the thrower at a tune wiwu— wen, iww» mind, I won't repeat it alh_j ' Young girl : " What 1 1 shall only have ono husband all my life 1" Gipsy woman : " Well, what can you expect for sixpence, Miss i" . Scientifically Correct.—-' 1 And . when . I proposed to her she turned all the colors of the rainbow at once." "How can you make suoh a ridiculous assertion ? All the oolors at onoe,ifyou have not for- \ler\s flhnnl ltMAOQS. VOU gubneu 77 , " ought to kno make white. A politician has invented a new system of calling sleepy guests that works like a ohann. A newspaper mant went to ma houBe in London, and, wishing to be callod at an early hour, received a promise from his host that he should be out of bed at tho hour he named. Satisfiod that everything would bo serene, tho scribe retired and slopt tho Bloop of the just. The ohildliko slumbor lasted until an timir in the morning, when the newspaper man was disturbed by a lively tattoo upon the door. "Weill ne demanded sharply. " I've got an im- ?>rtant message for yqw/' aajd a voice.- awning until he nearly had .lock-jaw, the scribe jumped out of bed, toddled across the floor, and opened the door. The servant handed in a note ana promptly departed. The newspaper man 1 opened the envelope, and found therein a sup of paper bearing the following J « Why filths world don't you get up 1 . 