. EXCITING ADVENTURE IN THE SKIES. ? +_ TWO AMATI]riiS FLOWN AWAY WITH. Th« special correspondent of the Sydney "Dillly Telegraph.'' writing from London 'iii thc 14lh of duly, says : Thc advantages of thc. old crusted York- shire axiom, " When hi doot talc' a soop (iJiat is, have « liquor, were never more conspieiuotisly cxompliflcd than on Satur- day nfleriinon lust, when two plucky "tykes" pro1>a1>)y F«ved their nene and their lives hy remembering the adage. Their adventure began in a public park at llradfonl, where a gabi anil sport* were in progress, n prominent feature of the show being thc ascent of Urniiihull's bal- loon. Slr. Itrainliall is un oxjiericiiccd aeronaut, though weighing lust., and, there- fore, rather heavy for thc role. Ile has made scores of successful ascents, and on Saturday tried a balloon called the Lord Siashum," of 28,000 cubic feet ca])0city. Two friends-Ur. Schmidt, of thc Empress Hotel, and Mr. Crofts, of the Bradford Town Council-went up with him, Hnd in due course took their seats in the ear. Mr. Bramhall hud «Iso swung himself on to j the edge, and cried " let go," when a gust | of wind suddenly drove thc balloon in a j wrong direction, and the aeronaut, strik- ing a tree, was knocked over into a clump' of laurels. A» for the balloon il dill not wait to hear more, but, relieved of Mr. Branihail's 10 st., shot up swiftly into the skies. About 10,000 people were in the park, thc great majority of whom were watching thc ascent of the balloon. Mr. Bramhall is well known, and when it was seen that thc ; balloon had gone up without him thc dan- j ger of the situation was realised. Thc great crowd behaved as if panic-stricken. A rush was made for the gales, especially by the women and cliildrcn, and at caen ' of thc park entrances there was for several ' minutes a very ugly block. After cnicrg- , ing from the park large numbera took the various roads leading in the direction which 1 the wind was carrying the balloon. Mr. 1 Bramhall was naturally in a condition of considerable anxiety. Thc balloon, he says, soon attained an altitude of 0000 ft, and appeared to be travelling fast in thc direc- ' tion of Leeds. Alderman Speight, of Scarr Ball, lent him a fast trotting horse,'and with this and n light dogcart he was soon < on his' way to Leeds. Thc son of Mr. Croft, ' pne of thc passengers in the ballooD, was ' present with his cycle, and he and a friend ' nt once started in the same direction with/ thc utmost speed. In thc meantime the i balloon passed rapidly away, and both Mr. Bramhall and Mr. Croft, junr., had to tr.ioe it by inquiries. The feelings of the two elderly gentle- 1 men, Messrs. Croft and Schmidt, when they fully realised that they were "alone in the wide, wide sky," and drifting towards the German Ocean in a rapidly-rising gale, without liming thc ghost of a notion how to help themselves, may be left to thc ' imagination. Mr. Schmidt, fortunately, is < Anglo-German and phlegmatic. " Der is nodings to bc done whilst we're over Brad- ford," he said wisely ; "let us sec if Bram- < hall has a drink on board. It will do us good do." They examined the car, and in ¡ Mr. Bramhall's coat found a flask of ' brandy. Of this they drank, and then : feeling much better) began to practically '. consider what lo do. Neither had beet.1 in a balloon before, and so they bad onl.v thc ¡ knowledge of thc ordinary reader. They set themseh'cs, as they say, to carefully ; study the rigging, and came to the conclu- i sion as to what course to take to reach the ; earth. But the 'balloon, as afterwards shown, had been going thirty miles an ¡hour, and by thc time they were over Kirk- i stall, between Bradford and Leeds, they felt it would be impossible to attempt bo alight i for some time in this populous district, and as the balloon appeared to bc slightly de- i scending, Mr. Schmidt threw out some bal- ! last Thc balloon rose again, and both , gentlemen are now strong in their apprécia- '. tion of the beautiful views they had. Al- though winirj-, the 6ky was clear, and they i describe most appreciatively the panoramic i sight presented to them. i After the balloon had passed a consider- 1 able distance from Leeds, they saw an ex- '. tensive agricultural district ahead, and here they resolved to drop. Mr. Schmidt took charge of the valve-Tope, and Mr. ? Croft of the grapnel. Both gentlemen ¡Ind it difficult to describe exactly what oe- , curred. By thc increasing size of detail? ] in the landscape, thc balloon appeared io ; descend with alarming rapidity. Fortu- nately, it came down upon a wheat-field. ] Almost before they knew it, the grapnel ' caught, and the balloon, which Mr. Bram- hall says must have have come down al- most like a parachute, lay, apparently half- ¡ emptied of gas, and only bumping sligbly | upon thc wheat crop, while the two thnnl:- i fm passengers stood once more on terra firma. They had come down at Bramham, , near Boston Spa. It waB a quarter to , eight, or fifty minutes from the time thc ? balloon left Bradford, and thc distance tra- velled was tw.cnty-scven miles. ; Curiously enough, the farmer renting the field (who wa« quickly on thc spot) com- plained that thc aeronauts had chosen a wheat field lo alight in. They explained that they were amateurs adrift, and would pay compensation for any damage to the wheat. Sonic villagers soon arrived, and carried thc balloon to thc farm. Mr. Schmidt and Mr. Croft then drove to Hon- our, on the North- Eastcm Hailway, and ?telegraphed to Bradford. Before they left, both Mr. Bramhall, who 'had lakan a se- cond horse on thc way, and Mr. Croft's son, and his friend had the pleasure of coming up with thc amateur aeronauts, and mutual lind hearty congratulations passed. 