THE SPINSTER’S CHRISTMAS. \ Miss Prime was the village spinster. There were, of course, several" other maiden ladies of certain and uncertain age in Evandale, but, in the same way that many wives belong to their husbands, Miss Prime belonged to the residents of the little town. She was theirs in sick ness and in health ; to the pool and to the rich, to the good and to the bad, she gave herself; and when death appeared in any of the little homes, Miss Prime was always summoned. All of which proves she was beloved in Evandale. She was a comely little woman, and looked not much older than she had looked fifteon years before, when her spinsterhood had commenced. That was when Elliott Scudder had gone away from Evandale. Everyone knew that Angy Prime had sent him, that her heart had gone with him, that she would henceforth listen to no words of love, that the love story of her life had been told. Many and various were the ways in which her neighbours tried to lighten the loneliness of her life, and there was an unspoken compact among them that she should never bo left alone on holidays. On Christmas, on New Year’s Day, at Easter, she was always invited to join some family group. Deop in her heart the little woman knew that this was all prearranged. While she was well awaro that sho was not looked on in the light of a burden, sho knew she was invited out of sympathy, and sympathy is often an alias of charity. Sometimes—but only to liorself, of course—MiB3 Prime rebelled, and wished that sho might havo the courage to refuso tho kindly invitation, but she never had; at least, sho nevor had had until this par ticular Christmas. The invitation to eat dinner with Mrs Taifc had been duly delivered, and Miss Prime was sitting at her little rosewood desk preparing to write her acceptance. Suddenly she determined that sho would not go ; she would refuse for once. She hurriedly wrote a note declining the invitation, and, hastily putting on her bonnet and shawl, took it immediately to the post-office, thus giving herself no time to change her mind. When she reached home again she closed the doors and drew down the blinds, so that if anyone from Mrs Tait came to inquire her reason for this un usual act it would appear as if she were out. Having started upon a career of decep tion, Miss Prime found that one white lie had to be followed up with another ; but sho needed time to form her plans, time to invent a reason for having refused to dine with a neighbour on Christmas Day. All day long she sat in her kitchen think ing over what Blie could say. Night is an early visitor in December, and in the shaded kitchen Miss Prime’s work fell from her hands long before it was time for tea. She leaned her head back against the cushioned chair, and a little procession of ghostly “ ifs ” passed before her eyes. There was the Christmas that might have been if she had not listened to those idle tales—if he had not gone away with out asking her reasons for sending him. ! There might have been a merry little ! group around “ her ” table, if—there j might have been childish voices at “ her ” Christmas tree, if— | And then a strange resolution formed ! itself in Miss' Prime’s mind. j | She would have the samo dinner that she would have had for him and for them. No one would know. And why might she not have the joy of preparing a real Christmas dinner just once ? To say that Miss Prime’s response to Mrs Tait’s invitation caused consternation in Evandale would be to express it mildly. It wa3 the one subject of gossip at tea tables and other meeting places. Farmer Gleason reported that Miss Primt) bought a good fat turkey, and • then it was decided that Angy must have friends coming from the City to spend the holidays with her. Such a thing had never happened before; still, it was possible. Old Greig, the grocer, told his wife— and the village knew all about it the next morning—that Angy Prime had bought nuts and candies, and a lot of little tinsel gewgaws for a Christmas tree, and village curiosity was on tiptoe with excitement about the unwonted visitors. Christmas Day broke wild and stormy. A dozen carts might have driven up to Miss Prime’s door and no one have been the wiser. In the little spinster’s house there was an unusual air of festivity, but it was a ghostly festivity, for'an intense silenco r signed. Once or twice Miss Prime essayed to sing a Christmas carol, but at last she gave it up. “I can’t make noise enough for the whole family,” she said, aloud. Her face was flushed, and over her best black silk gown was carefully tucked a snowy apron. The kitchen was redolent with Christmas fare. Tho turkey was doue to a turn when suddenly Miss Trimo sat down in the high-backed chair. “ 1 declare-1” sho cried, “I do boliovo you’ro crazy, Angelina Prime! Suppose somebody should come in and find you carryin’ on liko this ! A home for the fceblo-minded ’d be tho next place you’d be asked to.” In a few minutes, however, she rose from the chair, walked to the door of the best " room, and opened it. There was spread the Christmas table ; a tiny branch of fir bending with Christmas candles and gilded nuts, with red-cheeked apples and golden oranges, occupied the centre; around it were drawn four chairs, and on it were covers for four. Tears sprang to Miss Prime's eyes, but the moisture was quickly dried by a fiery determination to carry out her plan to the end. frihe placed the turkey on the well loaded table, seated herself, and then bowed her head. “For what we—I—” Her words ended in a moan, Her Christmas comedy had turned to tragody. The empty chairs of imagined husband and children mocked her loneliness. For almost the first time in fifteen years the dreariness of her life confronted her, and the unshed tears of fifteen years before fell thick and fast. The turkey had grown cold, and the candles wore burning low, but still Miss Prime sat before her family table. She heard a knock at her door, but paid no attention to it. Then, realising that only someone in need would be abroad on Christmas night, and in such a storm, she rose to answer the summons. She ex tinguished tho candles, and as she closed the door of the best room she locked it and slipped the key in her pocket.'’ No one should know of her folly. For an instant the glare from Miss Prime’s kitchen light flared out on to the snow. Then the man who had knocked stepped inside, and, taking the lamp from the woman’s shaking hand, placed it on the table. Neither had spoken, for to Miss Prime this was but another of the day’s ghosts, and although the man had planned many phrases, in the presence of the woman he had loved for- fifteen years and more his tongue was tied. “ Do you still believe that I am not worthy of your love, Angy ?” he said at last. It was almost as if he had gone from her fifteen minutes instead of fifteen years, and her answer was given as it would have been had he come back for an explanation in that far-away past. “ No, I never did believe that.” “ But you listened to the stories against me.” “ I—I didn’t believe them.” “But you sent me from you.” " “ I only wanted to be sure that I loved you. “ And you are sure now ?” jINIA. Cefehrated 1 I M C I I T T ft r, i r- r-rvr “Yes, Ell." After a little while Miss Prime said, shyly— . l< Our supper’s ready.” Then a crimson flush dyed her cheeks. “ Goodness' sakes 1” she cried; “you sit here, and don’t move until I call you.” . Then she disappeared into the best room. The knives, forks, plates, glasses, napkinB, and chairs were quickly removed from the sides of the table, and when Miss Prime called her lover she added— “ I thought it would look more sociable for you to see the table set for two.” 