The Grey Eagle of the Atlantic . CHAPTER I. ? 'House ahoy! Is no one on the lookout Tielow or aloft ? House ahoy, I say ! Bear a hand, show a glim, .and hear the news !' 'News — what news?' cried a thin, squeak ing voice from the second story window of a frame house on Portland street, Boston, before which huner a sign which creaked in the chilly north-east wind like a living thing in agony. ' Gome down and find out, Mother Flib bertigibbet — I've got a bit' of a message from my cap'n for somebody in your old crib, and the sooner, you let me aboard the better it'll be for your spirit-room and my private grog-locker. So bear a hand, or I'll board through the scuttle !' ' Who are you, and what d'ye want at this ? time o' night a-screamin' there in front of the Hen and Chickens, jist the best tavern in Boston, if I dew say it ?' 'Why, don't you know me, old woman ? .? I'm' Jack Ghost, the coxswain of Cap'n Barnacle Backstay's gig; and if he knew you'd kept me waiting here in this north caster the half of a dog watch — there she's got. her head in and she'll be down in the turning of a glass. I knew his name would bring her head out .of her shell,. like a coal oh a turtle's back !' And the sailor who had made all this noise in front of the house now ascended the rickety wooden steps to the poreh, where long wooden benches were ranged agivinstthe clap-boarding for the use of day loungers. ? It was dark, and he' did not notice a human, form stretched on one of the benches near the door, ' for as he reached the top of the steps the door opened and a blaze of light from a huge lamp held by the woman he had been talking to, flashed in his eyes and momentarily blinded him. ' Come right in — anybody from Cap'n Barnacle Backstay is welcome in the Hen and Chickens, and I, Dorothy Flint, widder and owner of the same, say so. So come fight in, and arter I've mixed your grog, let me hear the news. For I know you have news or you wouldn't be here at this time o' night, and it's a wonder yon hadn't the watchman about your ears as it was.' ' The watchmen ? Lord bless their drowsy souls, you couldn't wake one o' them at this time o' night without you held a mug o' hot flip under his noBe, or told him the British fleet that was seen outside the capes at sunset was at anchor off India wharf with springs on their cables ready to open fire at daylight.' ' Oh, lawk a mercy, that isn't your news, ?is it ?' ' No ; and the news I've got isn't for you, . anyhow— so bear a hand and mix me a tot' of : ' grog, and I'll spin my yarn.' ? Tho woman set her lamp on the bar and took down a smooth glass decanter, a sugar bowl, a tray of spoons. She then proceeded to mix the desired grog, and while she is doing it, by the light of her flaring lamp, we ?will draw a pen picture of both parties. As natural gallantry — of which I claim to possess a small share — demands attention to the fair sex in precedence to man, I will paint \- the lady first. ? Dorothy Flint, widow, and owner of the 'Hen and Chickens' tavern, as she. pro claimed herself at least fifty times a day, had been a 'very handsome woman in her day, and even now, at full five-and- thirty, was not ill looking. .' She had a sharp gray eye, a full form, a liead of yravy brown hair beginning to silver about the temples, a nose sharp and rather of the Roman order, indicative of a temper of her own when it was orice ' up.' She was dressed smartly in the fashion of the day, and even though aroused thus in the night, had not come; down .slip-shod or en dishabille. Her visitor and customer, Jack Ghost, was anything but ghostly in his outer ap pearance. Standing full six feet high in his canvas shoes, just in the prime of his manhood, say about forty years of age, with the form of an Apollo and the strength of a Hercules, it is no wonder the widow cast an admiring glance upon him as he stood there running his fingers through the curling black hair which hung down over his broad shoulders, twining in stray curls about liis strong, well-shaped neck. Had Tom only worn huge black whiskers he would have looked quite piratical, as novel ists like to paint pirates. 'But his handsome ? . face, weather-bronzed it is true, was as smooth as a good razor and a steady hand could make it. ' Here's your gin-sling, Mr. Ghost, and I . hope it is made to your liking,' said the widow, dropping a low curtsy as she placed the glass before Jack. 'The grog is like you, 'Mrs. Flint, jest as good as it can be, only a little too sweet.' ' . . ' Lawks me, Mr. Ghost, I can't for tho life o' mo see where you sailor chaps that has no chance to l'arn anythin' but pulling ropes and fighting battles, git all your nice speeches from. Now there's Dr. Wessels, the 'pothecary that's been a-courtin'. somebody or other till . he's all dried up at it — ho can't say such nice things as you do.' ' Blood and thunder^ widder, what can yon oxpect out of a walkin' pill-box ?* But avast — — avast hero. I'm a.-runnin' my jaw tackle and forgettin' all about the matter I was sent to do.' \- ' Yes, and the news too ; you know I dote on having the latest nows, Mr. Ghost. What about the British fleot off the capes?' . Why that 'twas there last night at sun set, and can't be a thunderin' ways off now. 'But that isn't what I'm coming at. Did a „? stranger, from down east, come to your house last night-,- a trim-built young chap, with eyos . in his head and teeth in his mouth, and a . swab of gold- coloured hair a-sweopin' his shoulders?' . ' Eyes as bluo as a cloudless sky, teeth as white as ivory, and hair long enough and soft enough to belong to a woman,' said tho widow, with a sinilo, following up the descrip tion.) . . ' Wall, yes. I reckon you've taken his ? , ^measure, pretty right; Only them eyes of his have got a way of looking right through you and seein' what you're'made of when he speaks to you,' 1 - ' Yes, that's so, Mr. Ghost — that's so.' I ' I've got a! letter and a message for that I young chap, Mrs. Flint. So rouse him out and tell him Cap'n Barnacle Backstay's cox swain is hero aboard, waitin' to see him. Tell him to be lively, 'cause we're goin' to up anchor and run down the bay when the tide turns of ebb, and maybe he'll like to either seo us off op give us his company.' ' Why should he ? He's no' sailor. His hands are .as white and smooth as a linen shirt-bosom, well-washed and ironed.' ' And as soft as your heart, maybe, Mrs. Flint. I reckon as how you've taken a meridian observation of the young 'chap — I've never seen him but once, but drag me through the lubber's hole if you don't know him from truck to kelson already.' 'Well, well, I suppose I must call him, ? though it isn't right to wake up people out of their sleep, except for a matter of life or death. Shall I mix you another sling before I go, Mr. Ghost:' ' No, ma'am — no : I'm on duty, d'ye see, and when I'm on duty I kiss the grog lightly — just as I do yon, ma'am.' And Jack, suddenly suiting the action to the word, bent forward, drew the widow's plump form toward him, and gave her a salute. ? ' You give it light, do you, yon tarry-fisted monster ! Take that, heavy !' Thus cried the widow, giving him a box on the ear that staggered him half way across the floor, then running with a laugh ont pf the room. Jack looked as- if he had been running be fore a gale, and had broached to all in aheap. 'Blood and thunder, but she hits like a blacksmith!' he muttesed.' ' If she strikes that hard in play, I. don't 'want a blow when ' she's in earnest.' Jack was rubbing his cheek yet, when the v widow came back and said her new boarder would be down in a few minutes. 'I hope I didn't hurt you, Mr. Ghost,' said the'widow, in an a,pologetic tone. ' If I didn't resent a liberty when it is offered, I'd have some tobacco- chewing man at my lips all the time. But really, Mr. Ghost, I didn't mean to strike so hard.' '.'It don't matter, ma'am — I desarved it all. I ought to have kept my .cut-water out of a strange port. You didn't damage my head gear much — yon only shook up my knowledge box, so I'll know better next time.' 'You are a good, kind soul, Mr. Ghost, to ' forgive' me, and. I'll mix you just the nicest i kind of a drink.' ' Thankee, Mrs. Flint. If it's all the same to you,' I'd rather- not drink any more. I i reckon 'twas that last grog that made me want to kiss you at any rate.' ? 1 And just then there appeared, dressed in a neat military frock coat, with a rapier by his 1 side, the young man whom the widow had called up from slumber. ; 'But what does, this mean?' said the widow, looking at his uniform.' 'You came here in citizen's dress.' ' Yes, and my good widows I have laid it aside, and except for some needed 'disguise shall not pnt it on again until this war is over and our dear country triumphant. But this bold sailor, and a mighty handsome man he is, has a letter for me you say.' ' Yes, young master, if so be youjr name is Launeelot Morley. And I believe i't'is, for I saw you or one mighty like you down at Salem the other day.' ' Yes, you saw me, and perhaps saw. my twin sister Constance. Our dress alone makos a difference in our appearance, for we are as like as two peas. But my beard will grow one of these days and then, Mrs; Flint, look out for squalls as the sailors say.'. ' I've no doubt squalls will coipe if you ever get married !' said the widow, archly. ' Oh, fie — fie — you make me blush ! Give me the captain's letter, Mr. Ghost, and let me see what he says.' The young man hastily opened - and read the letter, and as he finished it, cried out : 'It is as I hoped, but hardly dared to expect. The application for a marine guard on board tho Gray Eagle has been favourably considered, aud I am to command it. The men too are recruited, and will be here in three days. Had you any other message for me, my brave friend ?' ' Yes, isir — said Jack, but I was to haul alongside your honour and whisper it in your ear.' . 'Very well then, we will step outside a moment — I know our good landlady will excuse the necessities of war which force us sometimes to have secrets !' 'Oh, I don't care — secrets are nothing to me, though I do like to keep posted on the nows !' said the widow, with an air of care less independence not very well put on j as the' two men left the apartment. ' CHAPTER II. '?/' 'Douse the glim — douse the glim, or I'll make a beauty spot under your eye, gal. Dy'e s'pose I buy ile to have vou waste it ?? T- ? iJ! i ? 1..J ji i i., ' ?, V ,. joe 011 to your oea m the Jott and clon t you stir out of it till I call you. Dy'e hear ?' A coarse, roughly dressed man, in a fisher man's jacket and boots, used these words to a young girl who looked as much like an angel, comparatively speaking,' as he did like a demon. About sixteen years of age, blue-eyed, fair haifed, and fair faced, with a slender, delicate, but graceful form, slio had not tho least resemblance to him, yet in hor reply she called him father. He was tall, heavily-built, ,witli a gross, brutal expression of face; with small gray 'eyes, coarse red hair and board, cut short, which struck ont from his round head and purplo faco like bristles on a knotty potato. ? ' Father, you were burning two lights but a minute ago, both on the window sill, and yet they wore .of no uso to me,' said tho fair girl, timidly. ' I would liko to sit up and. read a little while.' ' Ireno Crane, did you hear mo when I told you to douse the glim and go tcj bed ?' ' Yes, father, I did, but — — ' 'I don't want any its or buts, I want to be minded. And curse mo if I won't be. You re as much of a rebel to' mo as you are to Wio country I was born in, and that's old England. If 'twasn't for a hangin' scrape I got in ovor there years ago, I'd be there now, instead of iuak\n' half a livin' catcliin' fisli in Boston Bay. Now bo off to bed, and if I have company by and by, you listen to what's said, it you (want to feed the crabs in the bay with that dainty body of yours,' t ?The young girl sighed, took ug the lamp and blew- it out, and then in the darkness ascended a creaking old staircase to the loft overhead, which served her for a bedroom. ' That gal notices too much !' muttered the man, after she was gone, and he stepped to the door and looked out on the bay, whioh sparkled all around in the moonlight. For his fisherman's hut was built on a small island in the outer bay, and there was only room on it for his house, his boats on the beach, and a littie garden, which was cultivated entirely by the girl. ' She saw me put two lights in the window, when I only had 'em there for a minute, at the promised hour. She notices too much, arid if it weren't for the fortune I yet hope to get through her, I'd soon be rid of her. I wonder what keeps Silly Billy ? I sent him up to town to sell fish and get news for me, and lie should' have been back by dark. I'll haul him over the coals worse than I do the gal, if he don't keep sharp. I hear oars. My men are a-comin', I reckon, for thats a man o'-war's-man's stroke.' . The fisherman closed the door of his hut; and went down to a little cove where the waves broke lightly on the sand. A hundred yards, or so, distant, he could Bee a boat, now nearly stationary, for. the rowers had rested on their oars for some purpose. 'Boat ahoy ! Are you Arethusa's ?' cried the fisherman, just loud enough for his voice; to be heard at the boat. - f ' Ay, ay ! Is that Steve Crane's Island ?' came back in reply. ' Yes ; and here's Steve Crane a- waitin' for you. Didn't you see the lights ?' The only answer to this was the motion of the boat, as the rowers, springing to her oars, drove her in on the beach. ? An- officer, with his side-arms, and pistols . in his belts, at once sprang out and advanced to the man who called himself Steve Crane. ? The latter, in a tone of vexation, said : 'Sir Edward Hardy promised to come in person — why has he sent another ?' 'I do not know that any excuse is necessary for you ; but I will state that his . old enemy, the gout, laid him on his beam-ends to-day, and ho couldn't come even if ho wished to;' replied the officer, haughtily. ' He will come before he gets out of me one piece of information that he wantB,' said Crane, impatiently. ' And you can tell him it interests him to the amount of twenty thousand pounds a year, too.' ? -_ ' Why do you not go on board of the frigatb and do your business in person ?'.' ? ; ' Because I am not a fool; Once under your flag, I might not get away as easy as winking.' ; 'What-is to hinder my ? carrying you oh board by force., if I so choose ?' ?; ' The safe- guard of Sir Edward Hardy, who knows how stubborn lam, and that I would die before I would have that forced from me. which can be got by another method.. You may tell him that when I set) him here, I will show him a treasure, and tell him a secret; and not till then.' j ' Very well ! What are tho enemy doing ? Have they a fleet in port ?' 'Yes; a small one. Tho Constitution, or Old Ironsides, as the Yankees love to call, her, is getting ready for a cruise. Two or three sloops o' war aro about ready for sea. And the worst craft of the whole of 'em for work, is waiting for a few more men, I be lieve, before sho'll slip out, to play tho dus'e in tho West Indies, or somewhere else where British commerce can be reached.' . ?' What vessel is that ?' 'A private armed craft known as the Gray Engle of the Atlantic, commanded by one Barnaclo Backstay, a young man in' years, but with tho oldest head on his shoulders that floats above tho ocean.' ? ' What is she liko ? Ib she heavily armod ?' ' She isn't liko anything else afloat. Slio ! is of a now model, that looks as if it wouldn't live through an ordinary squall. She is low iu tho water, and flush fore and aft, without bulwarks enough to keep a loose spar from rolling overboard. Slio is as sharp in the bows and astern, too, as a wedgo, ' and all her breadth of beam, to notice, is abreast of the foremast. Sho is almost always fore and aft rigged ; two masted, but sho has lower and topsail yards, with, square sails bent to send aloft when she is running beforo tho wind or w 1 1 j 1 a free tack and sheot. Sho carries two heavy long thirty-two pound guns — ono for'ard oE the foremast, the other amidships both on pivots. Sho hasn't a black spot of paint about hor ; everything — guns, hull mast-heads, and all — is a leaden gray. In our soundings you could sno her hull, a mile, for it is of tho colour of the wator, and I reckon hor commander, had her paiuted so for in-shoro work. Her masts ralco so that if you was at tho mainmast head with a lead and lino .lowered, the lead would drop to hcr tail-rail.' ' Is she faBt ?' ' Fast is no name for her speed. I saw hor run by here, going in, the other dhy, scarcely rippling the water about her sharp cut-water, with what I'd call a' six or sevon knot breeze for a smart trader. She was running ton or eloven knots, if sho went a fathom.' ' Wo will look out for hor. If sho could bo cut out and- transferred to our service it would be a great enterprise. I'd give a year's pay to have a chance at her.' ' Well, maybe, if I'm paid for it, I can get you a chanco. I sent my man Friday, Silly Bill, up to town this afternoon, to sell fish and get the news. Ho'll bo apt to know something about her when he gets back. He ?is a Yankee fool, but there's as much sense in his folly .sometimes as you'd find inside the skull of a wiser man. But look yonder — do yon see her, sir ?' And tho fisherman pointed to a small bo.it with a long lateen-sail, which waB -standing up the bay. 'Yes ; some fishing boat, I suppose.' ' I reckon not, sir. Them that sail that boat don't need to catch flsh,' said Crane, with a gloomy, solemn look. ' I'vo seen hor carryin* just as much sail as she does now, when the rocks at Minot Ledge wero all under water, and I couldn't stand straight hero for tho wind. There's somotliing strange goin' to happen when you seo the Phantom Skiff of Nahant, for that is the name all the old bay men know her by.' 1 ' Poh ! that is superstition. If there was less wind, and I could row out and overhaul her. I think I would find that her crew could eat fish, even if they didn't catch them.' ' No, sir ; there are never but two seen on board of her. The one at the helm is ah old man with long white beard and hair, and deep-sunken eyes that glare ou you wildliko. The othor, who tends the sheet, sits between him and the mast, and she is a fair young girl, with long black hair streaming loose about her white shoulders. I was close to 'em once, sir, and never, never will I forget it. I wanted to hail 'em, but I was so seared' that I couldn't.' ' Let me ever get within hail or within shot, I'll bring her to,' said the officer. ' But about . this privateer. If you'll see where she lies, and so pilot me that' I can. cut her out, I'll give- you a thousand pounds ori my own account, and you may rely on a large reward from the Lords of Admiralty,' said the officer. 'Well, I'll think - of it, and see what I can do, in K day or two. If you can run in here at the same hour three nights from now, I'll know what can be done. If you see lights in the window, I'll be on hand. And you may tell Sir Edward that the secret I have regarding the Bellender estate is for him and him only, and I'll never do- nothin' second-, handed while I know myself, and that is most of the time, savin' when I get cranky and take too much grog aboard.' 'Very well; your message' shall be de livered. And don't forget the privateer. Goodnight.' ' Good night, sir.' The 'officer re-entered his boat, and turning its prow seaward, was so n out. of sight. . (To be continued.) 