MUSTARD AND CRESS. CONCERNING- G. ADAMS. [By "Saladin."] Sydney Truth aesertsthat tho country newspapers of- N.S.W. have been "bought" by George Adams, the Tatteieall eweop man. Let me tell Mr. Norton and Mr. Adams too that any man can advertise in this paper by paying the ordinary rates; but that the fact of his being an advertiser does not deter the writers of the paper from expressing their opinions of. George A.d a mB, John Norton, or any other man. My opinion is that Mr. Adams has had his log pulled by horseowners for a good many years. Whether he has or not, it is sufficiently clear that those who have the luck to draw a horse are, to all intents and purposos, blackmailed by the owner of that horse. And what have the public to do with the owner ? And what has George Adams to do with the owner P He manages a sweep, and draws the prizes, Nobody doubts his honesty because, seeing thit he gets 10 per cent, of all the money leceivcd, it wouldn't pay him to be dishonest. But whit earthly, or unearthly, right has he to commuuicate with the owner of any horse under any circumstances P The owners do not—at least, I hope not—pay Mr. Adams anything. His business is with the public. Let us take the case of the Donoaster Handi cap, Som'ebody dtew Vigorous. Well, if the man who drew Vigorous liked to give the owner half the prize, or three-fourths of the prizo, to ran his horse to win, that would be the drawer's business, but it would be nothing whatever to do with Mr. Adams. Any man may make any wager he pleases, but air. Adams conducts a sweep, for doing which he is moBt handsomely paid,. and lie should not take any oognieanoe whatsoever of any horse-owner. ,Some horse will win iu any case. Mr. Adams will have to pay the prizes to some persons, and, considering the per oentage he gels, it ought to be a matter of absolute indifference to Mr. Adams whether Jones or Brown draws the most money. I cannot for the life of me see why horseowners should bo allowed to blackmail horse* drawers, and I think if Mr, Adams were wise he would refuse to act as an intermediary under any circumstances. He arranges a sweep on oertain conditions. So long as he fills those conditions, he is under no obligation to consider anybody, and he ought not to do it. If lhe drawer of a horse wants' to" square the owner, that's his business, not Mr. Adams's; <ind Mr. Aflame is very foolish to allow himself to be used in the matter by either party. MB. NEWMaN ON THE MIX, According to the National Advocate, paper,upon which I place very little relianoe, Mr. Newman, M.P., the representative of this district, is one of the gentlemen who are going to stampede the country in opposition to the Foderal Bill. It does not follow that because this paper opposed Mr. Newman at the last general election it should therefore desire to see that energetic gentleman make a political ass of himself, and therefore I venture to put before Mr. Newman the following • remarks :—The Convention Bill was defeated on June 3rd last year by a trick, nothing else but a trick. Lot me do Mr. Newman the oredit of sayiug that he was no party to it. But, in any case, the Bill was carried by a substantial majority, and failed in becoming law by reason of the imposition of a minimum. Now I ask Mr. Newman, and I hope to got an answer (if I don't get an answer I won't be half so polite next issue), wh»t he thinks is the first essential of democra'io government P Surely it must Lo that the majority shall decide. If the majority is not to decide, in whose hands is the decision to restp The electors of Orange declared strongly in favor of the BiU in June last. If other constituencies had voted as Orange did, there would have been over 100,000 votes for the Bill, and the whole' trouble would have been settled. It is true, that Mr. Newman was elected in spito of bis federal wobbleaomeness, but letme tell him he must not try the patience of the electorate too long. He was re-elected because of his personal popularity, and he *was aided in somo measure by the fact that the Premier was against the BUI, But the Premier is now in favor of the Bill, and if Mr. Newman joins the Sixpound Party (and nobody has ever suggested that Mr. Newman went to Parliament for the sake of the Bcrew) he will make a tremendous mistake. What has Mr. Newman in common with a blatherskite like W. M. Hughes or W, A. Holmau P He does not belong to their party, and is under no obligation to jump as they pull the strings. And what is asked after aUt Simply that the people, the elestors, shall say whether they will have the Bill or not. Surely Mr. Newman will not deny the right of the people to say yes or no P I don't think he wilRtfiit as his name has been' included amongst' the> democrats (heaven bless the mark!) who are backing up the Upper House ip.. this scandalous attempt to gig the electors of a free" country, I hope he will have the grace to etate his opinions. If he is going to " rat" on his leader to please Mr. Hughes and Mr. iiolman, let him say eo. If Mr. Newman offers no reply to these remarks, 1 can pro-, mise him some very sultry comments on his silence next issue. TIIK ATHANASIAIF CEEED. On Easter Sunday, Canon Robinson creatod something like a disturbance at St. Margaret's Church, Westminster, by de claring that the Atfaanasian Croud was a hy rnu of barbario triumph over the- Aiians. Several people, we are told, left the church in disgust during the sermon. It doesn't take muoh to disgust some people. The peculiarity of the creed of St. Athanaaiue is that it isn't a creed at all auf& tlXt ^ wasn't written by St> Athanasius^anyipw Of all ti& dogma^o, cnet-iron, illiberal ami-Christian, and unreasonable tikases to be found in the Christian churches there is none so absolutely opposed to the essential principles of Christianity as the Athanasian Creed. It not only tells a man what he ought to believe, but eaya what he must believe, and emphatically declares thai if he does not believe it he shall, without doubt, perish everlastingly. This is a rather large order for any ecclosiastio to put forth.. Who told the man, who wrote the Athanasian Creed, that if it were not believed in the people who conld not persuade themselves to believe should roast in hell for ever ? The thing is abBurd. How can a man -force himself to believe anything 1 He may try to believe, he may conform to ordiuanoes and oeremotiies, but he cannot make himself believe a thing if the judgment which God has given him tells him that belief in the thing is against common series aiid ordinary reason. The Athanasian Creed s^ys., " The Father is incomprehensible, the Son is in comprehensible, aud the Holy Ghost incomprehensible, and yet there are not three incomprehen&ibies;, but one iucompre< heueible." It was a Christian man who, on reaking this said, " If you ask me, the whole thing is incomprehensible." And eo it is, Suppose such a thing were written now, and there is as much right for anyone to write an alleged creed now as there was 800 y#ars ago, how would it be greeted ? with derisive laughter. The Athanasiatr Oreed has now no scriptural warrijg^Qt&^i The Apostles Creed and Nicene Oreedare at least based upon the principles Christian belief, but the creed wrongly debited to St. Atbauasiue is violently opposed tp $11 spirit of tqleration and Christian oharij^ Even th&.Ui^jh^of England otergy do jaot ciire about^t and never read it exoep£lon -the days when its reading is compulsory; ..No reaaonaj^e .man believes in Ms heart that anyohe tfttl in hell for ever, beoatiBe lie cannot fj^rsuade himself to ewaUow the Athanasia^'Creed. Let any man compare this brutal ifteulfc to human intelligence with Christ's So/moa on the Mount. Let any man read the 13 th chapter -of the second epistle ot St. -Paul to the Ooiinthians aniloompare its general tone to universal brotherly love with &e; outrageous churchianity of_ the Athanasian Creed. I am very pleased thatlcandn Robinson had the courage to denounce in the pulpit this preposterous pieoe- of Anglican dogma. As to the people who walked'out of the church by way of protest, I wouldn't trust them to hold the stakes at a dog tight.' Any person who, at this end of themue' teeth century, feels that he can't stay in cliuroh to listen to remarks derogatory to the Athanasian Creed is a hopeless ineta^po of gross bigotry fend imbecile superstition.: 