-riiOM THE LATEST ENGLISH PAPERS. PATTIES' WEDDING. Brecon, which ia in Wales, donned its Very beat bib and tucked last Wed nesday, in honour of the Patti wedding. Colonel John Morgan, the Mayor, took the decoration of the town into his own hands, and did it well, but private en terprise was characterised by economy. The marriage took plnce at the Roman Catholic Church, and Sir Faudel Phil lips gave the diva away. The troth having been plighted, the officiating piiest, tho Rev. Father John Griffith?, of Brecon, who was assisted by the Rev. Father Policarp-Cliflford, of Car marthen, and Father King, Neath, sprinkled the bride and bridegroom with holy water. After this. the bride groom placed upon tbe Book some gold and silver, and also the wedding-ring, which the priest blessed. After a' couple of prayers the priest sprinkled the ring with holy water in the form of a cros°, and the bride groom, receiving the ring from the priest, and giving the gold and silver to tbe bride, said, ' With thii ring I thee wed. This gold and silver I thee give. With my body I thee wor ship, and with my worldly goods I thee endow.' The bridegroom then placed , the ring on. the tliurab of the bride's left hand, saying, ' In the name of the Father,' then on the second finger, say ing, ' and of tbe Son,' then on the third finger, saying, ' and -of the Holj Ghost,' and, lastly, on the fourth finger, ? | saying, ' Amen.' Before leaving Madame Patti pre sented the little church with the cruci fix, a pair of vases, and a pair of candle sticks. Her wedding dre83 'was of a delicate pale grey satin de Lyons, al niost verging on a lavender. The skirt, worn rather long, was exquisitively em broidered in 'fine steel, aa was the 'bodice, while round tlie -vaist was a band of mauve satin :ribbon fastened on the left side with t* bow, on. the right side of the-corsnge being a spray of or chids to match. The lining of the : dress was of mauve silk with frou-Frou I of that material and of chiffon round the edge of the skirt, and frills of accordion pleated chiffon up the inside of the train. . The cape to be worn matches t'he dress, 'and 4ias t'tie empiecement and storm collar covered with the finest steel embroidery with a design of true lovers 'knotn. Below this the cane -is iovered first with a pelisse of white ac sordion, which in its turn is covered with a grey chiffon, which is entirely severed, with a running pattern. The inside is equal to the outside, I'eing finished with repeated frills o'f ^pHs&ed; chiffon. No less ornate was the diva's travelling ? cloak, which was -of a rich heliotrope hne'lined with chine silk to match, while her toque was also mauve, and was ornamented with orchids of that'colour and a wh'ite osprey. ?After the ceremony the Biron and' Baroness Cederstrom betook themselves to discussing the wedding-breakfast in, cotnpany with a select number of'guesls, and- Sir ^Faudel proposed 'the health of tbe : bride, The breakfast saloon 'Was a converted Great 'Western luggage van, and an elaborate dejeuner was servad asiit'jerked along. -P-atti attacked the cake -valorouBly, and the- joyous 'menl was still in process of digestion when Pattington -was reached. Tha following-iirousing lines sei'm 'to be highly appreciated -all 'Oyer tbe- world-: — ' : : 'HOCH DER 'KAISER-! ? ?Der -Kaiser auf der Vaterland.. TJnd.Gott on high aU'dings cdmmSrld. , Ye -two'! Ach ?! don'd yot* under stand.:'?: ., ;. : Meinself— utid Gott ! Whila some men sing der 'pb'we'r div ine, Mein soldiers sing -der ' Wuoht am Rhein,' 'Und drink der healt'in RhSnish ?wsin Auf me — uud Gott-! Dere's France dot swnggers all around, She's ausgespieldt — she's no aggoundt; j To muoh, ve dinks, she don'd amouiult : i Meinself — und Gott ?! j She will not dare to fight again ; ] But, if she should, I'll show her bluin Dot Elsass und (in Fftn';h) Lorraine . Are mein, by Gott ! Dere's gran'ma dinks nhe's nicht schmall : bier, Mit boer8 and 'dings she interfere : — She'll learn' none owns dis hemisphere ! 'But me— und Gott ?! She dinks, dot fran, some ships she's got, Und soldiers mit the scarlet coat ?: — Ach ?! Ye could -knock dem — pouf ! — like dot ! Meinself^— und Gott-! In dimes auf peaoo Web; red for wars, I bear der holm und spear of Marc, TJnd care nicht for the dousands Czars— Meinself — und Gott 1 In abort, I bumoiir every vhim, Mit aspect dark and visage grim : — Gott pulls mit me and I mit him — Meinself — und Gott! 