Looking Backward, The publication the other day of the report of the directors of the Adelaide Steamship Company, in which it was notified that the com- pany was about to pay what is practically an 8 per cent, dividend, in addition io a 2 per cent bonus, recalls a time when the A.SS. Co. was by no means the flourishing concern it has since become. Old Gerald to nians will experience no difficulty in recollecting the days when the Rob Roy represented the extent of the connection between the Company and this port. To trace the growth of that connection would be to compile history—largely the history of the rise of Geraldtton as a seaport. The* Adelaide Steamship Company, if we mistake not, was founded in the year '75. was some few years after this date that the Rob Roy paid its first visit to Geraldton. In the minds of Geraldtonians the Rcb Roy is associated chiefly with its notable trip to Fremantle under 24 hours with Irwin coal in its furnaces. But the port knows the clipper bowed and flush-decked little- steamer no longer. It now spends its days flitting along the Bight between Adelaide and Esperance, and genial " Charlie" Irvine who used to be in command of it, now holds the position of Assistant Harbour Master at Fremantle. The Lubra, another of the Company's earliest boats, was for years a standing joke along this coast. She was an erratic lifctle beggar, about as interesting and inviting in appearance as a wheel-barrow. Although she cut valiantly through the water, she was a perfect demon at rolling and kicking. The derision to which she was for years subjected must have told on the poor little Lubra, for one day, daring 1897, she gave up the ghost about 60 miles from Eremantle, and the waves of Jurien Bay now roll over her. Another ill-fated vessel belonging to the Company was the Perth (formerly Penola) which now lies many fathoms deep, off Point Cloates. The Flinders was another member of the A.S.S. C-J'S earlier fleet. After a few years' service she was taken off the Geraldton route and she is now hovering somewhere along the S. A. coast. The Victorian and the South Australian were contemporaries for a few years and were fre quently seen here. But the former was crippled severely by fire on the Sydney side and is seldom heard of now. The Sou£h Australian, a smart pacer, has • not visited Geraldton for a very long time, its movements being confined chiefly to the Queensland coast. The Albany's connection with these shores is of later date, and she still conveys ?nails to the Nor-West. In the early Eighties the Albany used to be known as the Claude Hamilton, but after being cut in halves and lengthened considerably, the vessel's name was changed. Perhaps the most interesting point about the Albany is her fame as a battler when attacked by a willy-willy. Every season for the last three years 6he has encountered lively gales at the Nor'-west and has come out of the experience very little the worse of it. These are some of'the steamers that in.past years have made Geraldton familiar with the name of the Adelaide Steamship Company. To-day the Company's fleet numbers just upon 30 vessels, all of whom, except perhaps the Innamincka and the Adeleide, have called at Geraldton. With those -fine coasters the Wollowra, Marloo, Aliinga and Bullara the port is well acquainted, as also with the Colac and Kolya which during the winter months engage in the Is or'-west cattle trade. Times change and the old order gives place to the new. At one time the queer little Lubra was considered to be no unimportant item in the shipping business of this port. Nowadays we are visited by vessels, the Marloo for instance, which could with a little trouble have hoisted the Lubra iu their davits. 