THE STORYTELLEB When the Sleeper Wakes. By H. G. Wells. Author of the ' Wonderful Visit,' ' The Wai of the Worlds,' and ' The Invisible Man.' CHAPTER X.— Continued. For some minutes he was running through the darkness along a winding parage, and then he crossed some wide and open space, parsed dow n a long incline, and came at last down a flight of steps to a level place. Many people were shout ing, ' They are coming. The guards are coming. They are firing. Get out of tbe fighting. The guards are firing. It will be safe in Seventh Way. Along here to Seventh Way ! ' There were women and children in the crowd as well as men. Men called names to him. The crowd converged on an archway, passed through a short throat and emerged on a wider space again, lit dimly. The black figures about him spread out and ran up what Bbemed in the twilight to be a gigantic seiies ot steps. He followed. The people dispersed to the right and left. He perceived that he was no longer in a crowd. He Btopped near the highest step. Be fore him, on that level, were groups of seats and a little kiosk. He went up to ibis and, stopping in the shadow of its caves, looked about bim pant ing. Everything was vague and grey, but he recog nised that these great steps were a scries of the platforms of the 'ways,' now motionless again. The platform slanted up on eilher side, and the tall buildings rose be yond, vaBt dim ghosts, their inscriptions and ad vertisements indistinctly seen, and up through the girders and cables was a faint interrupted ribbon of pullid sky. A number of people hurried by. From their shouts and voices, it seemed they were hurrying to join the fighting. Other less noisy figures - flitted timidly among the shadows. ' From very far away down the street he could hear the sound of a struggle. But it was evi dent to him that this was not the street into which the theatre opened. That former fight, it seemed, had suddenly dropped out of sound and heal ing. And — grotesque thought ! — they weie fighting for him. For a space he was like a man who pauses m the reading of a vivid book, and suddenly doubts wLat he Lax been taking unquestioniLgly A* that time he had little niind for details ; the whole effcct was a huge astonishment. Odiliy enough, while the fipht from the Cuiiuoil prison, the great crowd in the hall, and the attack of the red police upon the swarming people were clearly .present in his mind, it ? tost him an effort to piece iu hiB awakening and to revive the meditative iniciv.- s of the Silent Roouin. At first his memory lenpt these things and fo.k him back 10 the cascade at Pciitargcn quivuing in the wibd, and all ihe sombre splendirs of the sunlit Cornish c- ast . And then the gap filled, and he began to comj re hendhis position. It was no longer ab solutely a riddle as it had been in the Silent Rooms. At least be had the strange, bare outline now. He was in some way the owner of half the world, and great political parties were fighting to possess bim. On tbe one hand was the White Council, with its red police, set resolutely it seemed on tbe utuipaticn of bis property and perhaps bis murder ; on the other, the revolution tbat had liberated him, with this unseen ' Ostrcg ' as itB leader. And tbe whole of tbis gigantic city was convulsed by their struggle. Strange development of his world ! He bad slipped out between them into this liberty of twilight. What would happen next ? What was happening ! He figured the red-clad men as busily hunting him, driving the black badged revolutionists before them. At any rate, chance bad given him a breathing space. He could lurk, unchallenged . by the passers-by, and watch tbe course of things. His eye followed up the intricate dim immensity of tbe twilight buildings, and it came to him as a thing infinitely wonderful that on above there, four hundred feet above theie, the sun was ris ing, and the world was lit and glowing with the old familiar light of day. In a little while be had recovered hiB breath His clothing had already dried upon him from the snow. He wandered for miles along these twilight way s, speaking to no one, accosted by no one — a dark figure among dark figures — the inesti mable, unintentional owner of half the world, the coveted man out of the past. Wherever there were lights or dense crowds of exceptional excite ment be was afraid of recognition, and watched and turned back or went up and down by the middle stairways, into 6ome transverse system of ways at a lower or higher level. And though he came on no more fighting, the whole city stirred with battle. Once he had run to avoid a marching multitude of men that swept the street. Every one abroad seemed involved. For tbe most part they were men, and tbey carried what he judged were weapons. It seemed as though the struggle was concentrated mainly in the quarter of tbe city from which he came. Ever and again a dis tant roaring, the remote suggestion of that con flict, reached his ears. Then his caution and his curiosity stiuggltd together. But hiB caution prevailed, and he continued wandering away from the fighting — so far as he could judge. He went unmolested, unsuspected through thedaik. After a time be ceased to hear even a remote echo of the battle, fewer and fewer people passed him, until at last the Titanic streets became deserted. The frontage of the buildings grew plain and harsh ; he seemed to have come to a deserted dis trict of warehouses. Solitude ciept upon hiir. — His pace slackened. He became aware of a growing fatigue. At times be would turn aside and seat himself on one of the numerous seats of the upper ways. But a feverish restlessness, the knowledge of bis vital implication in this struggle, w- uld not let him rest in any place for long. Was the struggle on hiB behalf alone ? And then in a desolate place came tbe sbock of an earthquake— a roaring and thundering — a mighty wind of cold air pouring through the city, the smash of glass, tbe slip ana thud of falling masonry — a series of gigantic concus%ie ns. A mass of glass and ironwork fell from tbe remote roofs into tbe middle gallery not a bundled yards away frcm him, and in the distance were shouts and running. He, . too, was startled ta an aimless activity, and ran first one way and then as aim lessly back. A man came running towards him. His self control returned. 'What have they blown up?' asked the man breathlessly. ' That wap an explosion,' and before Graham could epeak be bad hurricdon. Tbe great building rose dimly above Grsham everywhere, veild by a perplexing twilight, albeit the rivulet of sky above was now bright with day. He noted mmy strange features, under standing m ne at the time ; he even spelt out many of the inscriptions in Phonetic lettering. But what profits it to decipher a confusion of odd li.oking letters resolving itself, after painful strain of eye and mind, into ' Here is Eadhamite,' or ' Labour Bureau — Little Side ' ? Grotesque thought, that in all probability some or all of these cliff-like houses were his ! The perversity of hia experience came to him vividly. In actual fact he had made such a leap in time as romancers have imagined again and again. And that fact realitea, he had been pre pared, his mind had, as it were, seated itself for a spectacle. And no spectacle, but a great vague danger, unsympathetic shadows and veils of dark ness. Somewhere through the labyrinthine ob scurity his death sought him. Would he, after all, be killed before he saw ? It might be that even at the nex^ shadowy corner his destruction ambushed. A great desire to see, a great longing to know, arose in him. He became fearful of corners. It seemed to him that there was Bafety in concealment. Where could he hide to be inconspicuous when the lights returned ? At last he sat di.wn upon a seat in a recess on one of the higher ways, conceiving he was alone there. He squeezed his knuckles into his weary c yes. Suppose when he looked again he found the dark trough of parallel ways, and that intolerable alti tude of edifice gone. Suppose he were to discover the whole story of these last few days, tbe awakening, the shouting multitudes, the dark ness and the fighting, a pbantasmageria, a new and more vivid scrt of dream. It must be a dream ; it was so inconsecutive, so reasonless. Why were the people fighting for him ? Why should tbis saner later world regard him as Owner and Master? So be thought, sitting blinded, and then be locked again, half Loping in spite of his ears to see some familiar aspect of the life of the nine teenth century, to see perbapR tbe little harbour of Boscastle about him, the cliffs of Pentargen, or the bedioom of his home. But fact takes no heed of human hopes. A squad of dim men with a black banner tramped athwart the nearer shadows, intent on conflict, and beyond rose that giddy wall of frontage, vast and dark, with the dim incom prehensible lettering showing faintly on its face. ' It is no dream,' he said, ' no dream.' And he bowed his face upon his hands. CHAPTER XI. THE OLD MAN WHO KICEW EVEEYTH1N Or . He was startled by a cough close at band. He turned sharply, and peering saw a small, hunched -up figure sitting a couple of yards off in the shadow of the enclosure. ' Have ye any news ? ' asked the high-pitched wheezv note of a very old man. Graham hesitated. 'None,' he said. ' I stay here till the lights come again,' said the old man. ' These blue econndrela are every where — everywhere.' Graham's answer was inarticulate assent. Ho tried to nee the old man but the darkness hid his face. He wanted very much to respond, to talk, but he did not know how 10 begin. ' Dark and damnable,' said the old man suddenly. ' Dark and damnable. Turned out of my room among all these dangers.' ' That's hard,' ventured Graham. ' That's hard t-n you.' ' Darkness. An old man lost iu the darkness. And all the world gone mad. War and fighting. The police beaten and rogues abroad. No more dark passages for me. I fell over a dead man.' ' You're safe out here,' said Graham. ' One's safe with company,' answered the old man, ' if it's company of the right sort,' and peered frankly. He rose suddenly and came to wards Graham. Apparently the scrutiny was satisfactory. Tbe old man sat down as if relieved to be no longer alone. ' Eh ! ' Le said, ' but, this is a terrible time ! War and fighting, and the dead lying there — men, strong men, dying in the dark. Sons ! I have three sons. G d knows where they are to night.' The voice ceased. Then repeated quavering : ' God knows where they are to-night.' Graham stood revolving a question that should not betTay his ignorance. Again the old man's voice ended the pause. ' This O^trog will win, ' he said. ' He will win. Aud what the world will I o like ui dcr him no one can tell. My sons are under the wind vanes, all three. Oue - f my daughters-in-law was his mistress for a white. His mistress ! We'ro 1 ot common people. TLoul-Ii they've set me to wamU r to-night and tbke my chance. ... I knew what was going on. Be fore most people. But this darkness ! And to fall over a deHd In dv suddenly in the dark ! ' His wheezy breathing could he heaid. ' Odtrog ! ' said Gra ham. ' The greatest Boss the world lias ever stir,'' said the voice. Graham ransacked his mind. ' Tie Ce unc.il has few frieuds among the people,' he hazarded ' Few friends. And poor one sat that. They've Lad tLeir time. EL ! They should have kept to the c.levcr cnes. But twice they held ele'.tion. And O.-trog ? . Ai d now it lias burst out and nothing can slay it, nothing can stay it. Twice they re jected Oatrog — O trog the Bobs. I heard of his rages at the time — he was terrible. Heaven save them I For nothing on earth can now he has raised the Labour Com panies upou them. No oneaelt-e would have dared. All the blue canvas armed and marching ! He will go through with it. He will go thnugli.' Ho was silent for a little while. ' This Sleeper, ' he said, and stopped. ' Yes,' said Graham. ' Well F ' The senile voice sank to a confidential whisper, the dim, pale face came close. ' Tbe real Sleeper- ? ' ' Yes ? ' said Graham. ' Died years ago.' ' What ? ' said Graham sharply. ' Years ago. Died. Years ago.' ' You don't say so,' said Graham. ' I do. I do fay eo. He died. This Sleeper who's woke up. They changed in the night. A poor, drugged, insensible creature. But I mustn't tell all I know. I mustn't lell all I know.' For a little while he muttered inaudibly. His 6icret was too much for him. ' 1 don't know the ones that put bim to sleep— tbat was befoie my time — but I know the man who injected the stimulants and woke him again. It was ten to one— wake or kill. Wake or kill. Ostrog's way.' Graham waB so astonished at thete things that he had to interrupt, to make the old man repeat his words, to re-question vaguely, before he was sure of the meaning and folly of what he heard. And his awakening had not been natural. Was that an old man's senile superstition too, or had it any Graham tutted sharply, and peering saw a smt.ll buoched-up figure sittirg a couple of yards off in the shadow of the enclosure. ' Have ye anv news 1' asked the high-pitched wheezy uote of a vciy old m in.— Chapter XI. ' ' truth in it ? Feeling ia the dark corners of his memory, he pieaently came on something that might conceivably be an impression of some sach stimulating effect. It dawned upon him that he had happened upon a lucky encounter, that at last he might learn something of the new age. The old man wheezed awhile and spat, and then the piping, reminiscent voice resumed : — 'The first time they rejected him. I've fol lowed it all.' ' Rejected whom ? ' said Graham. ' The Sleeper ? ' ' Sleeper ! No. Ostrog. He was terrible — terrible ? And he was promised then, promised certainly the next time. Fools they were — not to be more afraid of him. Now all the city's his millstone, and such aB we dust ground between 'em. Dust ground between 'em. Until he set to work — the workers cut each other's 1 hrnats, and murdered a Labour policeman at times, and left the rest of us at peace. Dead bodies ! Robbing ! Darkness ! Such a thins* hasn't I een thin gross of years. Eh — but 'tis ill on small folks when the great fall out. It's ill.' 'Did you say — there had not been — what? — for a gross of years.' ' Eh ? ' said the old man. The old man said something about olipp'ng his words, and made him repeat this a third time. ' Fighting aud slaying, and weapons in hand, and fools bawling freedom and the like,' said the old man. ' Not in all my life has there been that. These aru like the old days— for #ure — wheu the Paris people broke out — three gross of yeais aeo. That's what I mean hasn't been. But it's the world's way. It had to coine back. I know. I know. ThiB five years Ostrog has been working, and there bas been trouble and trouble and hunger and threats and high talk and arms. Blue canvas and murmurs. No one safe. .Everything sliding and slipping. And now here we are. Revolt and fighting, and tbe Council come to its end.' ' You are rather well-informed on theBe things,' said Graham. ' I know what I hear. It isn't all Babble Ma chine with me.' ' No,' said Giabam, wondering what Btbble Machine might be. ' And you are certain this Ostrog— yyou are certain Ostrog organised this rebellion and arranged for the waking of the Sleeper ? * Just to assert himself — because he was not ele3ted to tbe Council ? ' ' Everyone knows that, I should think.' said the old man. ' Except — just fools. He meant to be master somehow In the Council or out. Everyone who knows anything knows tbat. And here we are with dead bodies lying in the dark. Why, where have you boen if you haven't heard all about the trouble between Ostrog and the Vera ays ? And what do you think the troubles are about ? The Sleeper ? Eh P You think the Sleeper's real aud woke of his own accord— Eh ? ' ' I'm a dull man, older than I look, and for getful,' said Graham. ' Lots of things have happened — especially of late years ? If I was the Sleeper, to tell you the truth, I couldn't know less about them.' ' Eh,' said the voice. ' Old, are you ? Yon don't s iund so very old. But it's not everyone keeps h:s memory to my time of life — truly. But these notorious things ? Bat you're not so old as me — not nearly bo ol 1 as me. Well. I ought not to judge other men by myse'.f, perhaps. I'm young — for so old a man. Maybe you're old for *o young.' ' That's it,' said Graham.' ' And I've a queer history. I know very little. And history. Prac tically I know no liistory . The Sleeper and J u lius Caesar are a'l tho same to me. It's inte resting to hear you talk of these things.' . ' I know a few things,' said the old man. '?' I know a thing or two But ? Hark ! ' The two men became silent, l:stening. There was a heavy thud, a concussion that made their seat shiver. The passers-by stopped, shoute I to one another. The old man was fud of questions ; he shouted to a man who passed near. Graham, emboldened by his example, got up and accosted others. None knew what had happened. He returned to the seat and found the old man muttering vague interrogations in an undertone. For a while they said nothing to one another. The sense of this gigantic struggle, so near and so remote, oppressed Graham's imagination. Was this old man right, was the report of the people right, and were the revolutionaries winning ? Or were they all in error, and were the red guards driving all before them ? At any time the flood of warfare might pour into this silent quarter of the city and seiz 3 upon him again. It b shoved him to learn all he could while there was time. He turned suddenly to the old man with a ques tion an i left it unsaid. But his motion moved the old man to speak again. ' Eh ; but how things work together,' said the old man. ' This Sleeper that all the fools put their trust in. I've the whole history of it. I was always a good one fcr histories. When I was a boy — I'm that old — I used to read printed books. You'd hardly think it. Likely you've seen none — they rot and . dust so — and the sani tary company burns them to make ashlarite. But they were convenient in their diity way. Ooe learnt a lot. These new-fangled Babble Ma chines — they don't seem new-fangled to you, eh ? they're easy to hear, easy to forget. But ' I've traced all the Sleeper bu«inesj from the first. ' You will scarcely believe it,' said Graham slowly, ' 1'in so igoorant— I've been s-f preoccu pied in my owu little affairs, my circumstances have been so odd — I know, nothing of this Sleep er's history. Who was he ? ' ~ . ' Eh,' said the old man. ' I know. I know. He waB a poor nobody, anl set! on a playful woman, poor kduI. And he fell into a trance. There's the old things tbey had, those brown things — silver photographs— still showing him as he lay, a gross and a half of years ago — a gross and a half of years.' ' Set on a playful woman, poor soul,' said G-raham sjftly to himself, and then aloud, ' Yes — well, go on.' ' You must know he had a cousin named Warming, a solitary man without children, who made a big fortune speculating in roads — the first Eadhamite roads. But surely you've heard ? No ? Why ? Ha bought all the patent rights and made a big company. In those days there were grosses of grosses of separate businesses and business cotnpinies. Grosses of grosses ! His roads killed the railroads — the old things — in two dozen years ; he bought up and Eadhamited the tracks. And because he didn't want to break up his great property or let in shareholders, he left it all to the Sleeper, and put it ander a Board of Trustees that he had picked and (rained. He knew then the Sleeper wouldn't wake, that he would go on sleeping, sleeping till he died. He knew that quite well ! And plump. A man in the United States, who had lost two sons in a boat accident, followed that up with another great bequest. His trustees found them selves with a dozen mvrads of Lions' worth or more of property at the very beginning.' ' What was his name ? ' ' Graham.' ' No — Imean — that American's.' ' Isbister.' ?' Isbister ! ' cried Graham. ' Why, I don't even know the name.' ' Of course not,' said the old man. ' Of course not. People don't learn much in the schools nowadays. But I know all about him. He was a rich American who went from England, and he left tbe 8\eeper even more than Warming. How ho made it ? That I don't know. 'Something about pictures by machinery. But he made it and left it, aod so the Council had its start. It was j ust a council of trustees at first.' ' And how did it grow ? ' 'Eh !— but you're not up to thinS-1. Monev Rttrnc.tn mnnnv — and twelve brains are better than one. They played it cleverly. They woiked po litics with money, and kept on adding to the money by working currency and tariffs. They grew— they grew. And for yeirs the twelve trustees hid the. growing of the Sleeper's estate, under double nameB and company titles and all t^iat. r The .Council spread by title deed, mort gage — share, every political party, every news paper, they bought. If you listen to the old stories you will see the Council . growing and growing. Billions and billions of Lions at last — the Sleeper's estate. And all growing out of a Continued on Page 396. whim— oat oi this Warming's will, and an acci dent to Iebister's eons. ' Men are strange,' said the old 'man. ' The strange tiling to me is how (he Council worked together bo long. As many as twelve. Bat they worked in cliques from the first. And they' re t-lipped back. In my young days speaking of the Council was like an ignorant man speaking of God. We didn't think they could do wrong. We didn't know of their women and all that. Or else I've got wiser. ' Men are strange,' said the old man. ' Here are you, young and ignorant, and me — sevendy years old, and I might reasonably be forgetting — explaining it all to you, short and clear/' ' Sevendy,' he said, ' Sevendy, and I hear and see — hear better than £ see. And reason clearly, and keep myself up to all the happenings of things. Sevendy. ' Life is strange. I was twaindy before Os trog was a baby. I remember him long before he'd puched his way to tbe bead of the Wind Vanes Control. I've teen many changes. Eh ! I've worn the blue. And at last I've come to see this crush and darknesB and tumult and dead men carried by in heaps on the ways. And all his do ing. All his doing.' His voice died away in scarcely articulate praises of Ostrog. Graham thought. ' Let me see,' he said, ' if I have it right.' He extended a hand and ticked off points upon his fingers. ' The Sleeper has been asleep ? ' ' Changed,' said the old man. ' ' Perhaps. And meanwhile the Sleeper's pro perty grew in the hands of Twelve Trustees, un til it swallowed up nea'ly all the great ownership of the world. The Twelve Trustees by virtue of this property have become practically masters of the world. Because they are the paying power — just as the old English Parliament used to be ? ' ' Eh,' said the old man. ' That's so — that's a good comparison. You're not so ? ' ' And now this Ostrog — has suddenly revolu tionised the world by waking the Sleeper — whom no one but the superstitious, common peo ple had ever dreamt would wake again — raising the Sleeper to claim his property from the Coun cil, after all these years. The old man endorsed tbis statement with a cough. ' It's strange,' he said, ' to meet a man who learns these things for 4he first time to night.' ' Aye,' said Graham, ' it's strange.' ' Have you been in a Pleasure City ? ' said the old mati. ' All my life I've longed ? ' He laughed. ' Even now,' he said, ' I could enjoy a little fun. Enjoy seeing things, anyhow.' He mumbled a sentence Graham did not under stand. ' The Sleeper — when did he awake ? ' said Graham suddenly, ' Three days ago.' ' Where is he P ' ' Ostrog has him, He 2Bcaped from the Coun cil not four hours ago. My dear Sir, where were you at the time P He was in the hall of the mar kets — where tbe fighting has been. All the city waB screaming about it. All the Babble Ma chines. Everywhere it was shouted. Even the fools who speak for the Council were admitting it. Everyone was rushing off to tee him — everyone was 'getting arms. Were you drunk or asleep P And even then. But you're joking. Surely you're pretending, It was to stop the shouitng of the Babble Machines and prevent the people gathering that they turned off the electricity — and put this damned darkness upon us. Do you mean to say ? ? ' ' I had heard the Sleeper was resourd,' said Graham: ' But — to come hack a minute. Are you sure Ostrog has him P ' ' He won't let bim go,' paid the old man. ' And the Slegper, Are you Burp he is not genuine P I have never heard ? ' ' So all the fools think. So they think As if there wasn't a thousand things that were never heard. I know Ostrog too well for that. Did I tell you P In a way I'm a sort of relation of Os trog's A sort of relation. Through my. daughter in-law.' *' I suppose ? ' ' Well P ' ' I suppose there's no chance of tbis Sleeper asserting himself . I suppose he's certain to be a ' puppet — in Ostrog's hands or the Council's as ; sopn us the struggle is oyer.' 4( In Ostrog's hands — certainly. Why shouldn't he be a puppet? Look at his position. Every thing done for him, every pleasure possible. Why should he want to assert himself ? ' ' What are these Pleasure Cities ? ' said Gra ham abruptly. The old man made him repeat tbe question. When at last be was assured of Graham's words, he nudged him violently. 'That's too much,' said he. ' You're poking fun at an old man. I've beeu suspecting you know more than you pretended.' ' Perhaps I do,' said Graham. ' But no ? Why thould I go on acting ? No, I do not know what a Pleasure City is.' The old man laughed in an intimate way. ' What is more, I do not know how to read your leiters, I do not know what money you use, I do not know what foreign countries there are. I do not know where I am. I cannot count. I do not know where to get food„nor drink, nor shel ter.' ' Come, come,' said the old man, ' if you had a glass of drink, now, would you put it in your ear or your eye f ' ' I want you to tell me all these things.' ' He, he. Well, gentlemen who dress in Bilk must have their fun.' A withered hani caressed Graham's arm for a moment. ' Silk. Well, well ! But, all the same, I wish I was the man who was put up as the Sleeper. He'll have a fine time of it. All the pomp and pleasure. /He's a queer looking face. When they used toilet' anyone go to sse him, I've got tickets and been. The image of the real one, as the photographs show him, this substitute uBed to be. Yellow* But he'll get fed up. It's a queer world.' Think of the lack of it. The luck of it. I expect he'll be sent to Capri. It's the best fun for a greener.' His cough overtook him again. Then he began mumbling enviously of pleasures and strange de lights. ' The luck of it, the luck of it. AU my life I've been in London, hoping to get my chance.'' ' But you don't know that the Sleeper died,' said Graham suddenly. The old man made him repeat his words. ' Men don't live beyond ten dozen. It's not in the order of things,' said the old man. ' I'm not a fool. Fools may believe it, but not me.' Graham became angry with the old man's as surance. '* Whether you are a fool or not,' he said, '? it happens you are wrong about the Sleeper.' ' Eh ? ' ' You are wrong about the Sleeper. I haven't told you before, but I will tell you now. You are wrong about the Sleeper.' ' How do you know ? I thought you didn't know anything; — not even about Pleasure Cities.' Graham paused. ' You don't know,' said the old man. ' How are you to know ? It's very few men ? ' '? I am the Sleeper.' He had to repeat it. There was a brief pause. ' There's a silly thing to say, sir, if you'll excuse me. It might get you into trouble in a time like this,' said the old man. Graham, slightly dashed, repeated 1»b asser tion. ' I was saying I was the Sleeper. That years and years ago I did indeed fall asleep, in a little stone-built village, in the days when there were hedgerows, and villages, and inns, and all the countryside out up into little pieces, little fields. Have you never heard of those days ? And it is I — I who speak to you — who awakened a gain these four days since.' ' Four days since — the Sleeper ! But they've got the Sleeper. They have him, and they won't let him go. Nonsense. You've been talking sensibly enough up to now. I can see it as though I were there. There will be Lincoln like a keeper just behind him ; they won't let him go about alone. Trust them. You're a queer fel low. One of these fun pokers. I Bee now why yon have been clipping your words so oddly, but- ? ' He stopped abruptly, and Graham could see his gesture. ' As if Ostrog would let the Sleeper run about alone. No, you're telling that to the wrong man altogether. Eh ! as if I should believe. What's your game P And, besides, we've been talking of the Sleeper.' Graham stood up. ' Listen,' he said. ' I am the Sleeper.' ' You're an odd man,' said the old man, ' to sit here in the dark, talking clipped, and telling a lie of that sort. But ? ' Graham's exasperation fell to laughter. ' It is preposterous,*' he cried. 'Preposterous. The dream must end. It gets wilder tnd wilder. Here am I — in this damned twilight — I never knew a dream in twilight before — trying to per suade an old fool that I am myself, and mean while- ? Ugh ! ' He moved in gusty irritation and went, strid ing. In & moment the old man was pursuing him. ' Eh ! but don't go,' cried the old man. ' I'm un old fool, I know.. Den t go. Don't leave me in all this darkness.' Graham hesitated, stopped. Suddenly the folly of telling his secret flashed into his mind. ' I didn't mean to offend you — disbelieving you,' said the old man coming near. ' It's no manner of harm. Call yourself ttie Sleeper if it pleases you. 'Tis a foolish trick ? ' Graham hesitated, turned abruptly and went on bis way. For a time he heard the old man's hobbling pursuit and his wheezy cties receding. But at last the darknesB swallowed him, and Graham saw _ him no more. ' To be continued J 