BREAKING IN A BOOK AGENT. HE SOLD ONE BOOK ALL RIGHT. BUT HE WAS PROMPTLY DIS- CHARGED. •1 am afraid that I once spoiled a good book agent," said the head member of a book agency. "We had got out an expensive religious book and had advertised for agents t< handle it Among the numerous applicants was a tall, lanky youth. I asked him if he thought he could sell books, and he said that he reckoned that he could. " 'Very well,' said I, * I'll see what you can do. Take this book and consider that I am your intended victim. The price ot the book runs from 2dol to Idol, but you you must always endeavor to sell the highest-priced edition, although it is no disgrace if you only succeed in selling the cheaper kind. If you suoceed in selling me a book I will hire you. Now, go a- head.' "He took the book, fumbled it awkwardly, and then stammered: " Te don't wanter buy a book, do ye, "I smiling answered that I did not. ' " "Better buy one," said he. 'I'll sell it fo ye pretty cheap.' " 'Get out of here!' I yelled, pretending to be mad 'Don't you see that sign, "Book Agents Not Wanted"?' " 'I'll let ye hev one for 4dol. mister, eeein' it's ye," said he, taking off his coat and throwing it on the floor. " 'I'm afraid' 1 began. " Tour dollars, mister, an' cheap at the price,* he added, as be rolled up his shirt sleeves. "I didn't like the look of all these war- Ike proceeding∧ declared the test off. But he refused and gave me three min-; u tee to 'dig up* the price of the Book. "While I was trying to make the fellow understand that the joke had gone far enough he jumped at me. "I didn't stand the ghost of a show with the husky youth, and I soon found myself on the floor, with the would-be book agent sitting upon me, saying something about a book tie would sell me 'powerful cheap.* "To save my life I reluctantly consented to take one of the 2dol. kind. He said be -was sorry but he only sold the 4doL kind. "He allowed me to get one hand loose; and I produced 4dot whereupon he released me,' and wanted to know bow soon he could go to work. I kept my word, and hired Wm, sent bim as far west as I could, and then dis^ charged him by Wire."—"Detroit Free Press," "Mamma!" "Well, what U It now? 1 ,' "I have the toothache." —"Life/ 