,NINETEEN HUNDRED YEARS ACO AND NOW. LECTURE Dolivrcd tietefor' the Surrey ilills Literary instituto - By MRI. 11. 1. tIGLtINS, M.A., M.I.A. ,,+(Com lntenced bi l -rot'rr'i oft May '!a). eONSCOIOU8SNSS OF IPl'uos.NT T'ItAN SITION. It cannot h. said that we of this prosont tiay tiie as ntonscotitons of tihe oritical nature of the epoch through which we are passing. 'lThe idea Ihas been conceived of ai science of hi-tory, antd leat'rned tun philosophite ahout the portogres of civilization and seek to apply to history thet rinciples of evolution and the nown phenotmena oif organitc' develop mtent. It is retaltkablet how ovtry thinker appears to he conlfident that we are int at periClod of transition. The' clover I)r. Max Nordanu lp'ns his curions book called " Detgenerraion," by iractilarly altnnottcitg, " ( I.n. epolh of listoryV is ttunuistakably in its decline, ald another is ltnnonnling ls .approach." Mr. Ilhnjamtin Kidd, in his " Social Evolution," is mor'e definite as to the niature of the chtlitti?ge. 11i says (p.p. 1't-;,t), ' The period thront?gh which we ltu patingt iv pT-i ther renilarkahli ran In the history of our eivili:,atiuti is ctutilung to a closte amongst tilth mol' advanced peoples. We i're enterting on it linew ett. ''Thl political etnfratcue?it'tetent of the masses is well nigh aeetmplished ; the prtocess which will occupy the nbxt period will beIi that of their Social enfranchisement. The peoplh, have been at last admitted to equtial political rights ; in tihe' next stage they imust applarently he admittedI to equal social opporttunities. When the nature iOf thie tran1itiolt is perceivetd, It beotletls tclear alsio that the (ii s tions arounid which the conflict of social forces lutist celiltte iin the illlttt dialte future, are just tlhose quo>tionts the Socialist itnvl\utinent has tbrought ilntAl prominence, tnatuely, those afiect. ing the 'xiisting rights of capital, and the present ilistribution of wealth." Soute of the l"rench littt'rattteiurs andi artists have even deliberately adopttled a style which they call the s0tyle of deIdtenelte; Ilciause they sayi art is arrived at that extreme point tof taturity which is prodluced hy thiuse civlilizatitone which are grotuw ing oll. These gentlemen setiml to think thiat the decay of ant ua. Oif civilizatint in volves a decay in individual nertvous organisationi. itand seeik to stimulat,, tated palates by extratvagant and in artistic devices. This t'conceit lttout the itptrtittnie of our own titntos hla? been treatetd as a distinct mental malady, and hits Iben neatly clahsitied and liaelled, like any new insect, l.iv a Gerrman proh,-..or, under the hig i sountding title tof " Akrochronistm." But since I conceifel the ideta of this eassay I have fttnd that iia thinker so accuraite anld scnpulousti as the l-te ? ... rJ P]'ilzjaiitt 's Sti-tiih-n ri-giur,.lduth Its t lfa ::` -ia.in tihe history of thu world--a stage more ntomenttds even than the stage dealt with by Gibbon ill his history ; and it coiets to lue s a ct n. firumttion of miy fanctey that hie Fees a strong analogy litntt-en oIit tilrtie altnd the time when the liltuia inpilre wuits consolidated. " The proem,"'' he sayvs, " which has been crrited oi n it a rapidly progressive ratie sim'e the French revolution, of throwling the whole civilized worldiu ito one vast colnlltiluity, anillnat, d by much the muie spirit in stearch of the :uamtl ori similar objects, and rtecoglnising lon the-whole thlte seattite moral stantldard, is lmuch like the proce-s: which nmoulded atll the Inations rtutld the Mcditerrantttn into a single great body, of which itRomen waits the heart." !lELItIOUlS 111iiEI-.S. Our titne resit.ibles that of the Csuars in particular in the disinte gration of what have long tibeen re garled ast tlthe foundattions of Society. " Therue is nut," says Matthew, Arnold, "a creed which is not shaken : notL an accredite-d dogltti which is not shown to tbe queilistionablle : not it received tradition which tdtie not threaten to dissolve." This is ai for tnidable assertion, but it is only too true. Nothing like the preselnlt posi tlon of beliefs has Ibeen known since the time which I have referred to its the time of the Ca-sars. (If courtie, it by no means follows that the creeds, and dogmas, and -trladitions which have been so fiercely attacked, will all suticcutbt; it dote not follow thati thu sceptical and thtstructive spirit will win all along the line. It may well be that the winnowing fan of criticism will titettly retiluVe all liiulst, atnid huttntatt ntetth, ]htiL the resulttbhtice , Jetwt!enthe two lLerioda i(l thia des' (ructive k-tittlcy will b' t1ltlareltt at a glance. Patriotic antd vii ttuits Ronuans behlt with dismay the wan ing of the old beliefs, thi. contentpt for the old divinities, th, hoit less disorder Into which Mociety, abandon ing and abandoned of the ltd gods, wais falling. Thoy uiook their luiads as they watched the t'ay aind fri-iittut divorces, thie rebellion agailist the institution of tiarritge, the disorgani zation of family ties, the dccliie of tugricultiret, the depopiulatioti of the coulntry distriotu, tind thei uiniaaiiniige. able aggregatit'it of peolellO in thi cities. 1)o we iot hear siiiltur fore' bodings in our day I do we not intu tmany of -onr thinkatrs bewailing siiti lar ptenoiipu ? It is no unwer t,, point to the rtecetly renewtd ititi. rest .in ghost ?,orie.a, in sptooklatd, in Imagit, in istrolitgy, to the ob.tur antists and Inystics, to the wili theories auuto hypnotltom, to spirituatl hti, to the neo-catltolic.ltin of liti-rary S troartistic cliques, otI eveti to lh,, ppriouis exithmniot -in itnglind l it lo ph|ylph kittiail, luid thoe truggle bet. (wpen Mr. 4oe m -oh +Kepsit and thu . roitblisiope.. - 'i'ley hai.t, in the titice Of the (l'ituars alait, their tteo,|luttoi \- lists, who cetticnted t iiu alliancet with the Idolaters against the hjltriitits, 'anti regi'etfully saV that " '. ihu old grds by CItist utd ms-un atre kilt-d " Or driven awaly." 'They had a Libtletus to rQjoice ih thi graLteful pI ypu jii)Ul unldel ,uli us ofI Duel' lams~ ri n uehg hittAI Iti uing., vie thiiuui blhid iit inocense tillig tile pr t'iiti slg wtit~hitt f-- rt tut with. out I dulgult thuuy lullith Ju l iani to uuhuuhli iituuto the I ui'uidited uuuvuterius of I :Irai :,an to cuuuufteu lulfce the black aýo f Thuugc isuu fcti ii ito thi' fart: am it im, saidt but uit is; tuttuin 11 lu lul upulttil tuf uu dyin hisoe thecy do lont in tnyov ur lutudlt (luuhutfuih the mutmt dlift uuf thu linuy. Nun nrc thorn watint g; sign": tuuisS of uintlils pI~u~uil for funiliitiuiu (if uhtsuuuo u~ ol uu'it as xjutou it Neluue snuuil ( hu-tiunnuluy hutuugtut il iti siit~ua Illt~io tol1 lu t riulutuui 111 ther lull ,uuuunO of uehuuhhuot usgunulst thu whutuhinlshtilthuton of thrinhil.c. I neeuu h~uuiuuh rueuuillu sulul thuut thue thiuw uof poupullhin i nul ltui thul thues, withu ill its it tenujituhu it uuhiuuhfu, hi uihsu is aidjthhsuhtuhplore now, it then H .l 'It ? OF hA ltiMIllANS. (ItA('I: FIOR 'I' AI)). TO plrsoo till- comlll aristol of the epo' el?i fiirtl'er, Mli analoguel' t ilhe unrest a~nt pitessure of helrbarian") on til' ci -ili ,a:,tion of th, .11edite ,ran, an . i to be fonidl inll the imoV'iilnt of till, n tioll. i ln th ir race fot' r I ii'L . l1his is nt.t 1 114.-Iy f mvif l ?tltl alli .., .. ... .. .. ., *.. .. ... . .. a . . .. .. inrbnritan to the otlher ?at?ons. 1?'cht iii priidii uinf d in the ieW for trade by t Lhe 'pct ie of the ocial dlliculty 1(t furI I m, il the [iLrtiilriant s \ware forced onwarl d into the i1iiuii1 elliru by cthi r harlbariian prgiinil: behi.nd them. Wihat is the iiailniing, thei object, onf the huge sarmale tnts of thei ,ii, are likely to i inii no' until I'lliet nationl: Ibi eomr ' iinsolvenl t i iand dei?iin denlit, oir ilh, hur n Ii ti \tort' lf Pu iLR lions iiit ieCo a, in,; l bbo ' tio ear 1ir suhin .ion to i onqines.t itielf? i \\\'hat is? itL,, 1t , 1( iani' of the jLealo siitic Sbiuiout A ifriiio, fiii of tiii i iurupetin t?,ttlh-l. nnlts, in that lonlg- neglh< cte'd ontinent. Lii iVhit isi lili' in uning ofi ' lil ' alvance of I? ii. ?i i central .\u i, uili on thei li lack i rua , anii d in 'hiiina, biil the Lig iu f, thi n ,,il' i Of i tsl l t lrowtlh niuli vAy txiv nt?enc.e, to get to' the d ao, iiid to 11ind o tliii :t for itc iproducts ? \\\y dI lies lFranc iitlor ifor i controiiil iof 'ochiin i 'hiii i land the i'inii n-ula of lurthur India. buti to tilla the tirii . of the couui tleiii' mnilliions of ('hinn? ii y ii' duc:o Ing land cioneu'n itself wiith iEgy'pt, i unti to protect her tha w wi f ilh india i'nd) iuitruliia and thi b ge : ?ii) ' vhy dio l the nationr, w itcilii one another ltikei tigl?r: in ti'he naitter of i i Canal thrLough the 1.?itiiiu of l 'am i n , bur i nr tinthe iltert i ot, i. their tradli l ? it t wasLii the alise olif l the \' neii? lan' difliculty, whaitn iof thc ('iihmn war, but the oaltir iei, for the tradille ifi t le i ? and of ti? greiat ltoiui co lhihntatiotm ? It ia s nut for ilin glory that the nmlitions aret ill aolulin. Tiei i lm i?t grt Ilioneym i liand to get money tihey i ot i ll .o i; and to s?ll they - must produce ctheaply ; unal to irle'dc che of h they imst prtoduo oil the I rg t l th h s l they mlUit' L ihave ltarge arkeots, utr. (ChQuu be' ti lein lXpre li.d the current theory ltil ithr dayat Wolverhhmpton, wihin he ,aid " 'ti'hi u . iii liands 4llo dt p rdeln t for th'iretsitii nci on a l;ilalltictr t lradel nll the ita h t duty of it jv'ernlm lt n t is to iaintiein iltn def.niti tmpl. mighty al. ltiili'Lmmili iii, - teiti liiiy lu iiiuiht traide." 'ilth.t e ii t elltie u inc'rt i ?ai in plrhtlitin ruaindered pou-Eible by tih: labor-?avioli inventgins of the l? t 100 TYlears is of I ot i.?s ulo n ht yo ciran sell your.-]ll?lct ; and you cannot keep (1urf factories .uoing. With their hluge nitd c rel) ial inel y, u nleli:s i youi have plenty of uiichali.ers. It i. l ?ilfof t thom th.iovir d. is o ilbtif ilns in uit'enten"y iin at'y form ofi iindustry therl, thel? hvcl of' thit w?rkinanll', integei weill lie t hc highestll . 'lse pres sull'e Of the i.ociial yuestion i, behind thec struggl-e for trade, is behind ithe artmiment,. All the natiotls are being iitdragged piLLrfore' into tlhis lierce colia petition. ,lapen, chinn, and India, i ii productle anid sell- -or their people must peri;h. Th?le are all conigi into what iMf. Kidd calls " the rivalry om life : " ini , it ih a.kicd, what is to becolneh of Lancasthire when Persiaiii otid J puiil leand India trth bet it iin the production of cottons ? 'the cotton grow neir alt haind, lahi r is plentiful, the laborerst work for all hours ; reldys' Of laborer: call be: ,?aily procered. I1 ('awliporet, in India, Il was awakenedi. in the iearly morning, when I was theL insome yvtt ago, by thti unmistakable 111l1)1 of a hog'. factory, with hiidreds of hand? , working far miore than eight hour.-. Hopeful men cagy that the laborers of these countries will cqcuire lit the ;sae Limto the walils of the EuroI, lpeln laborera la well as the .,war.?. .- iº4lll 0 ~i0.rl -Wiill 1,.. ir. 'I.. las it rims in tiht al' idart of comfort, and muen will demand -iit rtsontablo life, rleas?oble food, reasonable wattge.', reasonable rest. If oeli of tlhe na. tions is like it race of barbirinns, to the other nations, this is especially' t;1( with the eupire of our Queen. Uniail recently the Queen':; subjects had alhiit it" monopoly of the world's trade i1 iianufictured articles; but now each of the other great nations is conttenting t.he mlionopoly. They are encroaching,- steadily lhs.liiing the distance between them and their rival, which btill leads. The coasts of China, Japan, and Further india seemi to be passing into their hands. The Itivalnt has long gone to (Germany. German trado is strong oven in Ail•s tralia. (lermani cutlery is being lilt. p.ort?,d iinto IEngland itself, anid is t.hrcitniuinlg to deprive lShutllichl of the !iornel ti-ade.? It isl signifitcant to. lind in liast iiinlthi' . inetoonth Cenuiiuiy " ((April, 1800!) no less thalnl three? selparate artichle dalaing with thte enerotach~inunt. of other natlions onl Isritiain's ?ilprelmicy" in- trlade. Australia hias to light ~emnllarki for the hiititr traide with Enla:lhnd, anid hias~ to figlht the Argetnino for the wool t~raldr, and thil .United 14h'tes? lnd • _hnaidh ful: the ti'ade-t in icureilst llld lotirr proluct?. Trhe-truith is, ia naiiloin miiist, iiidel: existilig conditions, abloosebtw l eenv~i stagtililioii anli do?. "cay oil thel oln sidh,, iaind colipuoi Lioln and deveopeliilii of it.s miirkeots oni thie o~lth,.i ( 'To be, unini tel/l d), 