" Fairtrade is merely Protection in a domino."-Exchange. Pilcher refers to the federal pleaders as " Esau Barton and Seesaw Reid." Hon. J. A. Gould is against the Bill. Eight out of the last 12 M's.L.O. appointed are now opposing it. Every pound to be raised by the proposed Federal Parliament means £i of taxation if raised by customs duties. * Holman, M.P. : * There is no change in the bill except the name on the back, which has been altered from Barton to Reid.' Large labour gatherings in and around Sydney have condemned Mr. Ferguson, M.P., for his support of the Federal Bill. Mr. Barton twits Mr. Holman with being young. He's not Young - he'e 'Ol'-man. Barton isn't young either-in political iniquity. Ashton, M.P., now says he really prefers unification to federation. Well, he ought to be against this bill, instead of supporting such a monstrosity. " No man ever was more damaged by his own ghosts rising up before him with the spectacle of his own unutterable shame than this man Reid."-Hughes. Civil servants are debarred from taking part in the public discussions on the Federal Bill. Reid muzzles Coghlan, and Coghlan muzzles the Service. A free country, is it ? Pro Bill newspapers charge N.S.W. Anti Billites with mistrusting the smaller colonies. If any party should be trusted, surely it is the majority by the minority, rather than the minority by the majority. " Bulletin" says * The Council has not possessed a man like Criok sinos the advent of ' responsible' government.' One of the few things to the credit of the Council. "Barrier Truth." " Victorian democrats," says the same Mr. Deakin, who went last week with Barton to bribe Bananaland, "viii support a N.S.W. demaud for proportional repre sentation in the Federal Senate." Nine years ago Mr. Reid said : " The Victorian Statesmen have always been too ' elëVèr fer us. I think .this is lasting tqo long." They still continue to be too clever, however, and he encourages them. Mr. Hughes: The bili had its good and its bad points. The bad points were for the people of this country, and the good points were for the little band of politicians who were fighting for the bill. The South Australian referendum on the Secret Conference Bill resulted : - Yes, 65,929 ; No. 17,000. Little wonder that the crow-eaters vote en bloc - they have a lot to gain under this Bill. N.S.W. is willing to go in for a federation and pay a fair quota towards maintaining the union, but to pay double the price, so that the necessitous states may be assisted ls a trifle too much to ask her to do. Mr. Deakin, a strong federalist, who is .visiting Queensland with Mr. Barton, says that he does not think W.A. or Queensland will come into the union for some time. A nice sort of federation it will be without these two large states. Many country papers, which all the rest of the year round never print a " leading" article, are now printing two and three pro-federal articles in each issue. They are manufactured at a Sydney literary hash-house, and sent out broadcast. \- Meetings were held last week in Sydney and Melbourne to express sympathy with the Uitlanders in the Transvaal. Wouldn't it be just as well to look nearer home, and -sympathise with our 80,000 civil-servants, gagged by the party in power-the Billite Ministry ? The people know to-day that the Braddon Blot means the highest Customs tariff ever heard of in Australia for them to bear, in addition to the Land and Income Taxes they are already compelled to pay, and that farther direct taxation may be imposed by the Federal Government. The "Bulletin" snaps at I. Reginald «Cohen because he bas become an anti Billite, and takes to its bosom the men who have deserted the other side, and whom it so recently blackguarded. But then, no one accepts the " Bulletin" seriously, so it don't matter much what it says or does. The " Daily Telegraph" is doing splen did work for N.S.W. and a fair Australian Federation, by putting the conspirators of to-day'in " the witness- box" and confound ing them with their evidence of last year against the Bill. Mr. Coghlan's statement re* taxation in Saturday's " Telegraph" should be widely read. Woods' Great Peppermint Cure for Coughs and Colds never fails, i/6 and_2/6. 