A Ghost's ltevengo. (By Kdgar Log, in the Adelaide Obterver). My great grandfather wai born in the year J7S9, and succeeded to a considerable property in Pembroke •biro on tho death or hia father, which occurred in the year 1780. The farms were freehold, but not entailed, and by the end of 1808 my forbear had i gambled away nearly 8vo-sixlbs oi hia patrimony. Ho had married shortly before hia fether'a death, and my grandfather made hia firat appear ance on the day of tho funeral—an awkward coutretempa which happily doea not often occur. In 1801 my groat grandfather died at the age of 45. 1 grieve to bare to record the fact that he paaaed away regrolted by none. He had bad Hia opportunities, but died leaving hia wife little better than a pauper, and aho, the daughter of a poor but proud county family, was obliged to givo up a very commodious house in the centre or tbat little aristocratic town-, Haverford-west, to go and reside in a a small domicile, almost a cottage, at Skerry Skaut, a suburb nearly a mile away from the borough boundary. My great grandfather for uoarly twenty years had had close dealings with a most unscrupulous lawyer, who practised at a town called Narborth, snd had a branch office at Ilavorford west, and it was this man who hod mortgaged the farms and lent my ancestor money at very heavy interest gradually weaving such a web round him nitb loana and coats that when eventually there was a foreclosure on the entire estate for aome £87,000, the lawyer obtained a property worth nearly double, and at the same time broke the heart of the man ho had ruthlessly plundered, who died cursing bim in bis delirium with hie very last breath. It was the autumn of 1808, and etrauge sb it may appear in these dove of grace, the people of. the south and west coasts were constantly afraid of an invasion." ilespite Trafalgar, fought just a year before, Napoleon had made several very threatening moves, and it was known that the French dockyards were the scenes of "great activity. There was Bbroe talk of establishing a camp at Havre as at Boulogne io 1804-5, and as news travelled very slowly in those pre telegraph dsys, no one felt sure tbat the blow might not fall with that un expected suddenuesr that distiog dishes all of Napoleon's coups. The very whisper of the words < Boney'e coming,' from a Pembroke shire mother to her fractious baby was sufficient to reduce the child to a dense of quiet and obedience, for we must not forget thst only nine years had elapsed since the French had made a descent at Fishguard iu that ..very country. One morning Mrs. Jannette Mason received a letter from her son, who was articled to a solicitor st (llou P cester, which, faded -and yellow, is before me as I write. It bears date / October 19, 1808, apd I give its most important extract. • hut night, mother, I was very restless and conld riot get to sleep,' eo I lighted a-dip and sat up . to Tead, although Mrs. Waller does not like : it, and always takes care to wee thst I have no snuffers, so that uhleHS I use : - my fingers my reading is curtailed. Well, who should yon think walked ' into the room, and without opening the door? Father. Father, just as l knew him in life, just as he was ^dreesed 'the day he had that bother at Porlficld P»i|. lie bad what' looked like bi* ahort ridiog whip in bia band, and I era* ao staggered and frightened that I threw the clothes orer my bead, and prayed aa well at t could, but when 1 looked again he was gone. What on eartb can it mean, mother?' The next letter 1 quote from which alao ia before me haa for date October 30, and ia altogether a aery remark able document. t received your letter, and I knew you would aay that I bad been aateep and waa dreaming, but the candle told a different tale. Not only tbat, L bad not.been in bed balf a minute when the apparition appeared. How ever, to make your mind easy on the subject 1 determined if it abould ap pear again to comport myeelf with more manliness, and sure enough it came again last right My teeth [chattered, but thia time I aat np io bed and aaid, ' Father, what is dis turbing your rest f He smiled, and walked delibtrately to the table, where there waa a new lease I had brought over from the office to read for error*, ADd he aeemod to be doing something with tbat, but what I could not aee, a* be had bia back to tne. The next moment he>waa gone, and I did not aeethe going of him. Presently, when I felt re tiered, and when my heart waa beating normally, 1 got out of bod, and there on the leaae was distinctly written, in Father's handwriting, «Be on Port Hold Course it midnight on Nov ember 9 and watch the light. Avenge me, my eon, and I shall have rest.' What it all means I don't know, but 1 have to-day obtained leave of abaBnce, and aball arrive in Haver fordwest by the* stsgo on the morn ing of the Otb, when T shall hope to embrace my darling mother. ' P.8.—1 forgot to tell you (bat I read father'a message over at least a doxen times, and a good thing that I did as in the morning (here was no trace of it, for which 1 was almost thankful as tho lease wouljF other wise have had to be re-engroased.' Mother and sou wore reunited on the morning of November 9, and my grandfather after a stage coach jour ney of 150 milos was vory glad to go to bed, rising in the early evening to prepare for his uncanny adventure, Mrs, Mason was still inoredulous, 4 James," said she, 4 you have been overworking your brain in preparing for your legal oarssr. You look pale and ill, and it la quite poesible that all this is mere hallucination.' 4 Quite possible, mother' he rejoin, ed, • but I don't think so. I shall certainly go, and I shall take with me a dark lantern and a pistol io case of accidents.4 • There is only one person in the world on whom your poor father would wish to be avenged that .1 know of,* eaid the widow,1 and that is the eooundrel Gabriel Preeoe, who has robbed ua of our ait; but he ie beyond our reoeh, dear, for he is rich and although it is ill-gotten gain', money oarries all before it nowdaye j Besides, after the .grave has closed over us where can any wish for ven geanoe come in?'' My grandfather was not strong in dieouretve logic. He would not have ahoneinthe sohoole at Oxford, but he had plenty of ehrewd common. eenee with1, up till thiB date, no belief In the supernatural, and he really at the time doubted the evidenoe of his own aense with regard to this double inoldent of hie father's appearance, a fact he impressed on me in a conver sation I had with him just before his death, thirty years ago. It woe considerably after 11 o'clock | that night when he sallied forth, en. veloped in a stout cloth coat to re. eiet the mist that wab falling everywhere.. There was little or «o moon, but my grandfather knew every step of the way from Skerry Skant to PortSeld np Merlin's Hill and then h short sharp turning which took one on the road. Now and figain } hie lantero wae brought into requiei- j tlon when he found bimeelf the vie. tim of a miry ditch, but quite ten minutes before hie time he wae safe ly landed among the eorub and fares with^whioh the Sate ere to thie day covered, and with light extinguished, waited developments. For a few momenta nothing oaourred to attract his attention. Now; and again he fancied he oould detect faint sounds, but it might be a burrowing mole. Then he heard the quack of a young I duob, but in a plqoe where foxee j swarmed there was nothing to aston ish him in tbat, and so he stood there under the dark oanopy of a sky in whioh few stars were visible, obey ing the heat of tbe dead, but at the same time with just a suspicion of a feeling that he might be making an awful ass of himself. Suddenly, qoitsslonto him, with In sixty or seventy ysrde, shone out 1 the gleam of a lantern, and be saw by its uncertain light a stoat man, -who, attar apparently looking oarefolly around, deposited what appeared to be a heavy weight on the ground. Then the light dieappeared in the direction away from him, aud made for that part of Porl&eld; where the late member for Cardiganshire, Mr. Bowen Rowlanda, Q.G., baa bis present country seat.' It waathena ] bouse of humbler pretensions. My grandfather paused, then feel ing that he might be aasiating ataome nocturnal tragedy, drew nearer, only ] to seethe light returning, lie Isy at full length in the moist | gorse and watched again. The neigh of a horse in the distance told bim that whoever it was had' either ridden or driren there, and when the figure of the man once more appeared in tight, this lime staggering under the weight of a large metal box, it seemed tolerably certain that a trap must hare been used. This was confirmed when the man, { after depositing this burden on the j ground beside the first trunh, made off again and fetched three more of j these sinister looking caskets in three successive journeys. Presently .be disappeared again, this time for a mattock or pick, and spade. As he started to dig out a bole large enough to contain these fire boxes the light from the lantern, which he bad placed on the ground, shone out, and revealed Mr. Gabriol Preece, the lawyer who bad. robbed Joseph Mason, my great grandfather, of his all. This was how those days of alarums and excursion people hid their belong ings from the French, whose advent was never considered impracticable at any point of the coast. I will not traaa from this point the utter and complete downfall of Gabriel Preeos, ilia many villanies were known, but up till that, point they bad been whispered with bated breath, for he was all powerful. Shortly after thie, however, he dis appeared in the most mysterious way> and it was eoou bruited about thut he had oome to grief, and that hie defal cations amounted to many thousands. Several of hie largest olieuts suffered heavy Iosbsb ; but they ' had no remedy, and in the oourae of'time be passed out of the memory of- his county, exoept that he was some timoe held up to execration ae a warning example of what unectupu lousnesa and greed may lead to. Uia subsequent oareer was," however, traced by one of bis many .viotlms, who averred meeting with him in Quality Court, Obanoery-laue, in 1822, wbenoo he was emerging with eome documents, lie had joined the vast army of law writer copyists, who mostly starve on a precarious income, whlali in term time, by dint of bard labour, may amount to eome thirty ehllliuge a week. Out of term many of them beoome supers at the Loudon theatres on half of that money. My grandfather had yet another visitation, but tbie was in the shape j of a dream in 1885. Thie time he I again saw his father with a Bad, sweet emile on hie faoe. ' I am satis fied now,* he said, ' gat the ' Times' j of yesterday,' and then he vanished. The paper wae, after eome trouble, prooured, and it weefoancl to oontain the suicide by banging in an obsoure garret in Fulwood's Rente, Holburo, of.au old man of 75 or thereabouts, who followed the business of a law j oopylBt or engrosser. From papers found in hie possession, hie name j was adjudged to be Gabriel Preeoe, i native of South Wales. My grandfather lived to. be a very old and prosperous map, and when he died in 1809, be left my mother and her five brothers property worth in the aggregate nearly £100,000. My mother had inherited the j gambling spirit from her grand father, and invested a large sum mers than three puts .of her legacy in fact—in an Australian gold mine, wfaiob turned oat to be 'a perfectly worthless, wild-oat eoheme, and thus I benefited bat very little from my grand father's legacy. Now comes ! the most carious psychical development, to which invite the-attention of my readers. In August of thie year a club I belong to, which baa considerable repute Vhersalm of literature and art, wae compelled to close for three weeks to enable the painter, the carpet-planner, and other worthy and necessary people to take poe eesBion and make Our dinginees of four years collecting a memory only. * Meantime,' said our Secretary in a beautifully-framed nptioe, I members will be boepitabty welcomed at the Shakespeare and the Muffin end Crumpet Glube for the next three weeks. ' The Bohemian will ifeopen Its doors on the let .September.* I knew a few Muffins and Crnm-j pete, and made up my mind to drop in, bat somehow the three weeks elid by, and I arrived at the nigbt of August 30 without doing so. I bad a light eupper and went to bed early, but in the middle of the night I woke on the top of a most singular dream. I had never seen my great grand, father in life, bnt I knew his fee* i -tores well, both from an oil painting and an enamel portrait in our poe- i session. He stood before me in my dream, riding whip end all, and said, ' Go down to the Mnffins and Crumpets this evening and . dine there* He said this with extreme deliberation, and when I aeked him why he gave me no reason, but simply repeated hie advice. So I took It and went. Remem bering how remarkable had been his advioe to my grandfather. I thought it juet ae well. Nothing of any moment happened at dinner, but in the emoklog-room afterwards an elderly man was just finishing a story as I entered. ' And, by Jove, gentlemen, when my grandfather went there, about three months'afterwards, soon after the scare about Bonaparte was dying out, the whole bag of tricks bad ' vamoosed,' five boxes containing deeds, jewellery, and cash to the tune of nearly £40,000 all vanished. It broke him, broke him dead' ' May I ask what part of the country this happened in P' said I. He looked surprised, knowing 1 had only beard the extreme tail end of bis story, but he answered ' Pembroke shire,' I merely nodded, lighted a cigar, and as politely as I knew how, Baid : — ' Is your name Preecef •Tee, sir; it is,' he replied, ' but I don't know you.' ' No,' I rejoined,' but I've got an idea that your grandfather knew eome of my people Will you drink ?' The episode was well worth a whisky and soda. 