BALLARAT ARCHIDIACONAL COUNCIL. The following was the address delivered by the Venerable Archdeacon Tucker at the opening of the second Archidiaconal Council, at St. Paul's Church buildings. on Tuesday last: “Very Reverend, Venerable, and Rever end brethren, and my honored brethren of the laity. My first word must ■be one of welcome and salutation. As Archdeacon, I salute you in the name of the Lord: as Vicar of St. Paul's I bid you welcome to the mother-parish of Ballarat, where your gathering together has been ex pected with much interest. I do not err when I say that the parishioners of St. Paul’s regard this meeting in the light of an honor. They recognise its importance, and are pleased that the parish should have the privilege of entertaining you. The feeling of the community at large has been expressed by the welcome offered to you by his Worship the Mayor. “You wul expect that my next word shall be one of respectful reference to the ‘man greatly beloved’ who was my prede cessor in this archdeaconry. We remember his perfect integrity, his absolute devotion to duty, his courage—like John Knox, he never feared the face of man—his loyal friendship, who ever hesitated to trust him to the full ?—the apostolic simplicity of his life, his self-suppression, his complete dis regard of his own comfort and interests, — this last a quality which, more than any other, commends a man and his cause to the judgment of the world: and we say that the character of Rigbye Johnson Mer cer was one of the defences of the Faith in Western Victoria. He was one of the Con script Fathers of our Diocese, which he served from the beginning to the end of his ministry. What a mighty worker he was! Like Sir Walter Raleigh, he 'toiled terribly.’ From first to last his was the life of the lighted lamp and the girded loin. We felt the pathos of the occasion, when, three months ago, the brave old sol dier of .the Lord hung up his sword and shield upon the wall, and, seven weeks later, our hearts went with him as he made that last step which men call death, and entered the presence of the Master. ‘The souls of the righteous are in the hand of God, and there shall no torment touch them. In the sight of the unwise they seeme to die, and their departure is taken for misery, but they are in peace. “Among those revivals of ancient faith and practice which have given to our church a quickened life that may almost be called a resurrection, not the least is the return to conciliar activity, of which our present meeting is a sign. The Book of Acts shows how the judgment of the apostles approved that assembling of the church together for mutual counsel and debate, which did not cease to be one chief method of her working until love grew cold and faith became dim. It was not in her purest ages that her councils, by whatever names called, lost their energy and fruit fulness. How could they, while the church retained her sense of absolute dependence upon Him Who is the Spirit of Counsel? We should thank God for the restoration — though yet but partial and incomplete—of the church’s conciliar action. One fruit of it is our own Arcliidiaconal Council, which we owe to the statesmanship of Bishop Cooper. It is purely a deliberative body, but none the less capable of useful ness on that account. It meets, that the mind of the diocese upon matters gravely affecting its welfare may be expressed through its representative men. By their discussions, conducted with absolute open ness, and freed from all possibility of being affected by the influences, personal and other, which are present when a vote has to be taken, and so a battle won or lost, the public opinion of the church is ascer tained, and in some measure formed. Herein is the essential usefulness of this assembly. It clears the air, removes mis conceptions, shows what men think about principles and methods, and how it seems to them that their spiritual interests can best be served; ana so, by increasing knowledge, tends to make possible a legis lation that shall answer the needs of the church. I submit that this is a function dignified and important enough to claim the best thought of our wisest minds. We shall not doubt it, if we remember that the interests with which church legislation deals are eternal. Therefore I bid you, brethren, to magnify your office, and to be lieve that vou have a right to invoke the Spirit of Counsel to guide your delibera tions, so that your mind shall be the mind, and your voice shall be the voice, of the Lord. Is this too bold a word? I cannot think so. Was it not promised that He should guide us into all truth? We claim the fulfilment of that promise to- day. Our first fathers in the Faith thought it not too bold to say, ‘it seemed good to the Holy Ghost and to us.’ Dare we say that? That must be determined by what we know of the spirit in which we are met. "The first and most important matter, because of the gravity of the issues involv ed, to which your attention is called, is that of .the method of appointing clergy to parish cures. This is a question of prac tical politics, for the present temporary act expires on 31st May, and the coming assembly must frame anew one. My short experience as archdeacon, combined with my general knowledge of men, convinces me that no method can be found that will unite all opinions, or satisfy all claims. We must seek that which will work with least friction. One point is clear to us all I imagine. They to whom may be given part in the act of appointment must not be expected to vote in the dark. By whatever name we may call them, they are patrons of the living, and for their exer cise of their .patronage they will give ac count at the judgment seat of Christ. Their vote can never be a formal thing, it is a very real thing, having momentous and eternal consequences, and carrying with it an awful responsibi hty. Therefore it should be given in the light of as full knowledge as can be obtained. So far. there can be no serious difference of opinion. Whatever act may be framed by the next assembly must provide for this. But now comes the question, by whom should the patronage be exercised, bimply in the hope of perhaps being able to guide a little the deliberations of the council. I venture to state to you the judgment I have formed. Bub first let me say that I am no doctrinaire. I have no pre-conceiv ed opinion to maintain. My mind is per fectly open in this matter. In this, as in all other questions of administration, I profess myself an absolute utilitarian. My judgment is based upon such evidence as I had before one. Deliberately, without prejudice, I have formed the opinion that it would tend to the peace and strength of the cburch if appointments -to vacant cures of souls were vested in the Bishop. And for these reasons, chiefly-- he, except when newly appointed to his see, must know better than any other mail —or he is unfit for his office—the qualities and powers of his clergy, and, knowing also the special needs and conditions of each parish, is best able to choose the right mail for the vacant place. This is the cardinal consideration, for the end of all patronag e legislation is to put the right man in th e right place; also, his responsibility- in the matter, though not greater than tha t of any other patron, is more constantly a ppareut. The appointment of parish clergy comes so near to tho Bishop’s office, ti luclies him so keenly dn his daily work, that his great responsibility must be alwa. ys before his mind. Even in the daily- rout fine of his or dinary administration, a bishop who makes a wrong appointment p irovides a rod for his own back. He is not: here to-day arid gone to-morrow, as any- local nomi nator may be. He -remains. The conse quences of his mistake descem 1 upon him; all men know him to be responsible; he may be questioned, censured. I cannot conceive of any considerations: that would make any man careful to do his duty in any work, which do not appl; r with most tremendous force to a bishop when ap pointing to a cure of sauls. “I know the objections to : iny opinion, and believe that I am able to appreciate their value. It can be said that a bishop may- make mistakes like other-: men; and so say I. My contention is o nly- that, if he be capable and honest, his peculiar op portunities of obtaining necessary know ledge make him, in this partic'alar matter, much less likely to make mi: stakes than other men. It may- be objected, too, that no integrity of purpose caia prevent a man’s judgment from being all; ected by his opinions, and that to place oil appoint ments in the bishop’s hands -might color our dioceses like countries on -!a map, this being high church, that low i church, the other no church. I feel this obj ection more than any other. Such a rosult would threaten ruin to our church. I 1 ut I appeal to your experience, whether- the use bishops have made of their limi; ted patron age gives us any- ground for si rch a fear. Every- man must answer according to his experience. I speak accordin g to mine when I say- that my- observation and read ing, so far as they- go, assu: re me that b ; shons, as a body, are less governed by considerations of ecclesiastical (view than are lay patrons—that they thiri k more of what a clergyman is in himself f:.nd can do for his parish than of the co'lor of the badge he may- pin on his cassocl c. “No man is infallible; but ! we must trust those who are placed in 'positions of trust to use their power faithfully as a means to the end for which f t was or dained. ' “Three financial matters are -presented to you for discussion. No fund iii the dio cese is more important than that! the pur pose of which is the extension of the church’s ministrations into new i districts, and their maintenance where popf,Ration is scanty- and churchmen are poor. Vhework" of our church must be crippled if ti le Home Mission Fund be allowed to decline. Its present low condition (about .£5OO is need ed to make both ends meet this year) causes great anxiety- to those who are chie,..- responsible for providing their fel low-churchmen with the ordinances o,f re ligion. You are asked to consider byivhat means that fund may-, in your judgin' ent, be best maintained. - Your advice wild be very welcome. : “Upon one point I may be allowed, to make a remark which applies to all ehu rch finance. I recognise the heavily-burde i.ed condition of our community-. We ar e a young people in anew country, in which the whole fabric of material civilisat ion has had to be built up from the grou rid. The pioneers of Australia took possession of a wilderness. In the countries of 1 lie old world each generation has inherit ed the fruits of its predecessors’ labors. T he people of Australia inherited nothing. I lii had to be done, and by few hands. Roads had to be run through the virgin bus h, railways and telegraphs to be constructed, rivers bridged, homes built, public bui! d ings erected, all the appliances of religit >n and philanthropy- supplied. To - di ly tho land is covered with towns and vil lages, communication between which is safe and easy; churches, hospitals, asy lums for the orphaned and the age and, schools, libraries, everywhere provided. And all done by a population which, even now, taking the whole of our island-con tinent into account, averages about one person to a square mile, and all within the short period of a century-. When the his tory of Australia comes to be written, I doubt not the judicious historians of the future will do justice to the high spirit which made these things possible. Every thing has to be paid for out of the earnings of the community. We have not the splen didly- endowed religious, scholastic, and charitable foundations which are the glory of the old land. For all we have we our selves must pay-. And how cheerfully-, for ■the most part, it is done. I declare that I am filled with admiration at the spec tacle of Australian generosity. Surely, if any- people, this of ours may- be called a ‘cheerful giver.’ AYliat is it, then, that clogs and hinders our church finance? The answer is not far to seek. The ex travagant multiplication of churches lays upon Christian men a burden too heavy to be borne. In other acairs men exercise a wise economy-. No community builds two hospitals where one will suffice, but it is taken as a thing of course that three or four churches should be built where one, strong with the strength that comes of unity, would better serve the needs of men. It is this appaling wastefulness of means, this prodigal scattering of what should be gathered together, that explains the halt ing progress of Christian work. There are not the means to equip half-a- dozen agen cies to do the work of one. In these cir cumstances I offer a word of counsel to my fellow-churchmen. Our duty- is to the church of England. To her we owe what we have and are that is best. The things wo value most are ours because she gave them to us. No consideration of business relations, neighbourhood, fellowship in this or that society, should be allowed to persuade us to give to other churches what wo owe to our own. They are not ours. They were not given to us to love and care for. She was given. AYe have no more right to maintain other men’s communions ■to the detriment of our own than to sup port other men’s parents at the expense of our own. 1 hope these words of mine will be considered. “I am to call your attention to the Superannuation Fund. Unless it be strengthened, there is danger lest the modest stipends paid to our outworn clergy should be reduced. This is not known, or it would not be allowed to continue. No church of spirit would bear to ‘scant the sizings’ of the men who have spent and been spent in her service. No decent man would starve the old horse that had car ried him. It is difficult for the clergy to speak plainly- about this, for they- have a personal interest in the fund. They will say what self-respect allows, and no more. It is essentially a laymen’s matter. It con cerns their honor to see that their clergy do not starve in time of age. The arch deacon may speak plainly of laymen’s duty in this respect, for his office obliges him to do so. Therefore, I remind my lay brethren that the many calls of Christian charity upon the slender clerical purse, and often the heart of the faithful pastor aches till it seems to be breaking, as he feels how light that purse is, which he must share with the needy whom God has committed to his care, —make it impossible for a parish priest who does his duty-, and has no private means, to save. The most that he can do is to insure his life for some modest sum—he is fortunate if he can keep his premiums paid without painful squeez ing—join a benefit society- (I would have every clergyman belong to one) —and main tain his payments to the Superannuation Fund. That fund is made up of clerical contributions, church offertories, and Vri vate donations. The amounts for 1898 were: —Clergy, ,£202 2s Id; offertories, JEIOB 9s 4d; donations. .£26 Is. Three people made donations. No one will call this satisfactory-. I beg you, my- brethren of the laity, to consider the matter most carefully, and to speak of it to your fellow churchmen as opportunity- may- serve. I know not how gratitude for spiritual bene fits received could be more becomingly shown than by a donation or bequest to a Clergy- Superannuation or a Clergy Widows’ and Orphans’ Fund. “Thirdly-, under the head of finance, I mention to you that it is proposed to es tablish a Twentieth Century Fund for church purposes, as a mark of thankful ness to God for the innumerable spiritual and material benefits which have made the dy-ing century- illustrious beyond any other, save the first and sixteenth. The use of steam and electricity for purposes of human inter course, bringing so near together those who, two generations ago, would have been so far apart; photography, which gives to the poorest the counterfeit presentment of dear faces thousands of miles away; the diffusion of know-ledge, opening the treasure-house of human wisdom to all who care to turn the key-; the relief of hu man pain-by a widened medical know ledge; the growth of civil and religious freedom; the extension of self-govern ment, full of high hope for the future; the flooding of dark lands with the light of the Christian faith and morals: if these things cannot make us grateful to Him without whose care they could never have been, we must be hard and rough indeed. The pur pose to which such a fund should be devot ' ed s fit matter for grave thought. My own idea has always been that the occasion would be best marked by the establish ment of a Century Fund in every parish, for tne payment of local debts where such exist, or for some other pressing purpose where they do not. How great a thing it would be for our parishes to begin the new century free from the harassing burden of debt “Permit me to take this opportunity oi publicly acknowledging the debt we owe to our lay churcliworkers, male and '.male. Our church .could not make full pi oof of her ministries without their works of faith and labors of love. We of the clergy grate fully salute them as our greatly valued helpers in Christ Jesus. Because I come so much into contact with them, as arch deacon. I make special reference to the honorary lay helpers, who assist the clergy in their* public ministrations. They are the unpaid curates of our parishes, placing at the service of the church an amount of time, ability, and thought, which we very seldom stop to recognise. I have seen the value of their help; and the cheerfulness with which they give it. often at much personal inconvenience and discomfort, deserves our admiration. There is one body of church helpers, if not church workers, whom we ought not to for get—themselves not 'doing,' but, by their real self-sacrifice, enabling others to 'do'— the wives and children of our honorary readers and school teachers, who give up much of their husbands’ and fathers’ com pany, that Christ’s work in the world may be done. . . “Bmust refer to one matter which is m all our minds. At the last church as sembly our Bishop spoke of the possibility of making the twenty-fifth year of his epis copate the occasion of his retirement from the See. What he may do, I know not; but this I know, that his retirement will be re garded by all men, of whatever name or laitli, as the loss of her greatest person- to the Christian Church in Victoria. May this loss be long averted! It seems such a pity that we should lose our Bishop from our head, just when his long experi ence, accumulated knowledge, ripened wis dom, and developed character make him more than ever fitted to guide and rule the church. Opinions differ in ecclesiastical as in all other matters. We are not all made in the same mould, nor need we wish to be. But upon one point we all are agreed. It is certain that we can say of Bishop Thornton what Lord Derby said of Lord Palmerston, 'we are all proud of him.’ We may hope that the manifesta tions of regard now being made will be very carefully considered by him; but whatever his decision may be, it will as suredly be governed by a sense of duty to the diocese, for who tbat knows him does not feel how close to his heart his diocese lies? Brethren, we represent to-day, within the limits of our office and function, the Church of England. We are an Anglican Council, is not that something to be proud of? May we never cease to honor our great inherited name of English churchmen! May we remain ever faithful children of the mother church of our race, through which we stand in line with Christ and His apostles. No church in the world is surer of her apostolic origin than our own, for in her-the Latin and the Celtic successions meet and fuse. lor thirteen hundred years she has been the church Oi the English, maintaining an absolutely un broken continuty. The bishop-stool of Temple is that of Augustine and Anselm, of Becket and Laud. You cannot open die book of English history and say, Here the old church ended, and the new began. Ihe only new Church of England was chat which Augustine founded on the sou of (Cent. Of that church we are living mem bers. God grant we never quit that holv and beautiful house of God, in which wo were born and nurtured, and in which our parents died; that ancient house in which dwelt Augustine and Paulinus, \idan and Cutlibert and Bede, Theodore and Dunstan, Anselm and Becket and Langton. Roger Bacon and Wielif, Moisei and Warliam, Shakespeare and Milton. Cranmer and Laud, Newton and Locke. Herbert and Hooker. Wesley and AVilber force, Wordsworth and Keble, Pusey and Gladstone. Tho old Church of the Eng ;isli —of our fathers and mothers; ot then children, too. we will dare to hope. Tlu Church of England, to which we give the venerated name of 'mother. Ourmotliei church! God save her! “Founded in truth; by blood of martyr dom . , “Cemented; by the hands of wisdom reared. “I am glad to see so many members present. You will, I am sure, deliberate most carefully upon the questions submit ted to you. May the Spirit of Understand ing and of Counsel preside over our dis cussions, and guide us to conclusions m accordance with His mind and will. 