CHEATED. A FIGHT FOR LIFE. (By Gilbert Lloyd, In "Answers.") I. "Does it clank chains and groan, G.eoff?" "'Or burn blue lights?" "Say, Sir Geoffrey, does it wear chain armor or a shroud?" "Do they charge extra for it in the rates and taxes?" "Is it a lady or a man?" "Is she good-looking?" . 'Does he look pale and sad?" "A real ghost, now! Waal,, Sir Geoff, I guess this bar-onial hall is just about •com-plete in its fixin's!" Sir Geoffrey Ambrose leaned over the billiard table, smilingly receiving the storm of chaff that was levelled from all sides upon his devoted head. "Wait a minute," he replied, "and just .give me the ghost of a chance of making this shot, and I'll tell you all about the Ghost of Greylands." Click! click! went the balls. "Good shot!" murmured the onlookers. "Game!" cried the noble earl, who was acting as billiard-marker. Sir Geoffrey placed his cue very de Iiberately in the rack, then turned to the group that lounged around the wide fire place of the billiard-room. "So you want me to tell you about our ghost?" he said, with an indulgent smile upon his guests.. "Of course," they chorussed. "How dare you keep such a delightful mystery up your sleeve'"', cried pretty IMrs Major Mantrap, reproachfully. "Or on your top-floor," added Miss ZIighflyer. "Turn down the lights," demanded a voice in the background; whereupon the noble earl, who above all things delight ed in making himself useful, promptly switched off the electric light, leaving the room in darkness, save where the blaze of the fire lit the wide circle of ex pectant faces. Sir Geoffrey settled himself comfort ably in a wide arm-chair next to Miss Chatteris. Somehow, by the way, Sir Geoffrey invariably managed to remain in the close neighborhood of that lady. "The Ghost of Greylands," he began, "'neither clanks chains nor groans. I cannot tell you whether it is a man or a woman, for it has never been seen." "Never been seen!" cried a disappoin ted chorus of voices. "Never," replied Sir Geoffrey; "In fact," he continued, "there is no ghost at all, unless one may attribute a haun ted character to an ill-fated room." "Which room?" queried a woman's yoice, anxiously. "Is it mine?" cried one. "Or mine?" asked another. "Do not be alarmed, ladies," replied Sir Geoffrey; "no one sleeps there. The Blue Room has been closed for a cen tury, and this is its story: "A very great uncle of mine, who founded Greylands Abbey about the end of the fourteenth century, was Cardinal A?mbrose, who made a pilgrimage to ,Rome for the purpose of conferring with the famous or infamous Rodrigo Borgia, who was then known to the world as Pope Alexander VI. "Tradition tells that the cardinal made himself exceedingly useful to the Pope's son, Caesar Borgia; of whom, I have no doubt, you have all heard." "Say, Sir Geoffrey, wasn't he some sort .of a cousin to the general Who annexed these islands about nineteen hundred years ago?" queried Mr Hogg, of Chica go-a travelled American of an inquir ing mind. "I am afraid I cannot enlighten you on that point, Mr Hogg," replied Sir Geoffrey, with a smile; "all I know of Caesar Borgia is that he was a gentle nman who was famous for his chemical experiments upon his friends." "Like Sir Charles, here, who's always wvalking round with a tube of cholera germs, or Yellow Jack, or fits of some .sort or another stored away in his waist -coat pockets!" replied Ir Hogg; indicat ing a famous Fellow of the Royal Col lege of Surgeons, who, on his hands and knees before the fire, was busily em ployed in turning a large baking of chestnuts. "What scandal are you retailing about sne now, Hogg?" laughed Sir Charles :Stanton, throwing him a fiery hot chest .rnut. "I was thinking about that nigger you. tried to kill down at St. Augusta la?st fall." "I did not kill the nigger, Hogg; and I :f~rmly believe 'that you were the man who told him that my yellow fever prepara tions were charms against the Ju-ju, and :so set him on to steal and drink bacilli 'enough to kill a nation. Anyhdw, didn't I cure him?" "Yes, by filling him up with. whisky, FTorcestershire sauce, and eau-de-Colognhe 111t he turned whiter than a white man's ghost!" retorted MIr HIogg, with his mnouth full of chestnuts; "but go on, Sir 'Geoffrey--I'm afraid our little scientific discussion is interrupting your ghost 'story." "Not at all," interrupted Sir Geoffrey, politely. "I was saying that Cmesar Borgia ,wns famous for his chemical experiments •-pon his friends, and, in return for-ser -vices rendered him by Cardinal Ambrose, -he imparted to him several of his secret methods of poisoning, together with in .structions to use them on certain persons over here who had made themselves •obJectionable. or dangerous to th'e IBorgias. "I regret that any ancestor .of mine .should have been soshady a character; but I must confess that the tradition is .airly corroborated by a number of old parchments in the library, which tell how the cardinal, at different periods, invited -a number of distinguished guests to the .Abbey, on Saturday to Monday visits, ..from which they never returned. "They were found dead in bed, in the .?Blue Room, doubtless murdered by one of .Borgia's mysterious poisons, which, I .daresay, Sir Charles will tell you any ana -yst of to-day would quickly detect as prosaeic overdoses of arsenic or strych .mine." "Quite right, Ambrose!" replied Sir "Charles. "I'm sure that Borgia was only " fly-paper murderer, for all his reputa tion. Strychnine was beyond him. If my m~emory serves me right, Wainwright "vwas the first gentleman to use that -'vehicle for the transportation of his "V.ictims to the next world. Have another chestnut, Hogg? I'll guarantee them \- sterilised!" "Naw-tha-anks, Sir Charles!" drawl ed MIr Hogg, cautiously. "You can steri '"ise your British chestnuts all you like, 'but they're Borgi~'s death on the Ameri can di- gestion. Go ahead, Sir Geof 'frey." S"Well, the cardinal died," continued Sir ~Geoffrey. "He died in the Blue Roor., fearfully and mysteriously. His servants *ound him orge morning lying on the floor, -rigid and stark, a slight foam upon his lips. "A sliding door in the wainscot, the -tLresence of which was unknown till then Sto any of the retainers of the abbey, was -open. This panel gives entrance to.a secret passage and staircase, which winds down through one of the buttresses on the north 'side of the house, and comes to the sur face again beneath a stone that forms :part of the pavement of the terrace. "The terrace in those days used to over look a moat, and there is little doubt that -the bodies of some of the cardinal's less 'lmportant victims were carried down the 'staircase in the depth of the night and 'thrown into the dark waters of the moat, where the pike soon made Short Work of them. "In this fact another ghost story of Greylands Abbey toqk birth. It was said that when any harm came to the occu Pants of the blue chamber, mysterious and -hostly footsteps were heard on the ter jace outside. "The old Latin manuscript from which I have gathered this information, and ;which was written by one of the good mnonks of Greylands Abbey,mentions how n the night of the cardinal's death, the shuffling of feet was plainly heard by one , f the brothers who was keeping vigil "The leeches were called to examine the cardinal's body, but they could find no trace of injury beyond a bruise on his Lip, doubtless caused by his fall from the bed to the floor, and'a minute bluish spot on his lip. "Some detective of the Middle Ages also discovered and recorded the fact that the moss around the paving stone at the foot of the hollow buttress which contained the secret staircase was disturbed, and that the edge of pne of the adjoining stones was freshly chipped and bore signs of iron, which pointed to the supposition that the stone had been forced up by an iron crowbar, or possibly the head of a pike. "Later on, towards the end of the six teenth century, a rheumatic ancestor of mine caused the moat to be drained and filled in. " The accounts of this work tendered by the local builder are in the library, and one of the items is 'for flyfteen pence for ye proper transporte and buryal of fowre skelytones founde in ye bedde of ye mote, and afterwards interred in Chrys tianne grounde.' I have a shrewd sus picion that those four skeletons were those of the cardinal's victims." "How horrible!" exclaimed Mrs Major Mantrap, with a shudder. "But that is not all the story. The rest of it concerns two ancestors of yours, Chatteris," continued Sir Geoffrey, turn ing to Captain Chatteris, who, with his beautiful sister, had joined the Greylands party on the previous day. "Never heard of it," replied that gentle man, cheerfully. "Fact is, the Chatteris records have been scattered to the four winds of heaven since great-great-grand pa Chatteris gambled away Chatteris Park-house, lands, diamond pin and all -in one glorious night at Crockford's. "To his false friend and my great grandfather," said Sir Geoffrey, rather sadly. "Was it so. by Jove!" remarked Chat teris. "Never mind, old man! The pro perty fell into good hands; and thanks to Australia and wool, the Chatteris fortunes have looked up. Perhaps if great-great 'grandpa hadn't gone to rattle the bones that night at 'Crocky's,' Grandpa Chat teris would never have gone abroad to seek and find fortune, and to make a man of himself." "Nevertheless, my great-grandfather was a false friend, for he ruined John Chatteris, who died a few days after-in the Blue Room!" replied Sir Geoffrey quietly. "And who was the other ancestor in question?" asked the sweet voice of Maude Chatteris at his side. "You see," she explained, "we know very little of our people. We were both born in Australia, and although Fred was brought up in England, I have lived in the colonies all my life, and came 'home' for the first time only two years ago. You know, Sir Geoffrey, we colonials always call the old country 'Home.' " Sir Geoffrey turned in his chair and looked into the eyes of the beautiful Australian. His face grew 'stern and anxious. It seemed to him that his grim story of Greylands was to become a con fession to the woman he had learned to love-a confession of the sins of his flesh and blood against her fathers. History had repeated itself when Sir Geoffrey had fallen in love with his friend's sister. Many a time and oft in olden days had the two families mingled in friendship, and on two occasions an Ambrose had married a Chatteris. To her family the love and friendship of his ancestors had always ended in disaster. Of the vast lands that now formed the Greylands estate, a good half had once belonged to the Chatteris family. The tale of its acquisition was one long sad story of how a Chatteris had been be trayed and bested by an Ambrose. Sir Geoffrey knew it all, for he was of a studious nature, and the well-kept re cords of Greylands held no secrets from him. The whole tale of Ambrose mis deeds flashed through his brain as he looked into the fair face upturned to his, and the words of his story froze upon his lips. "Never mind that other ancestor, Miss Chatteris!" he said; with'a' light laugh. "I shall give you the horrors If I keep on chronicling all the misdeeds of my fam ily back to the time of Noah." "Well, I will let you off on one condi tion," replied Miss Chatterls, with a bright smile. "And what is that?" "That you give me the key of this Bluebeard chamber, and allow us.to in spect it ourselves." "A splendid idea!" cried everyone. And Sir Geoffrey, after a feeble protest; went to his desk in the library, hunted out the key of the old Blue Room, and gave it her. His guests followed Miss Chatteris, a clamorous, laughing crowd, and left Sir Geoffrey alone by the billiard-room fire. He sat for a while gazing in the fire, pondering his unfinished ghost story. Should he tell her the whole story ? Could he tell her how, in the reign of Charles I., Sir Harry Ambrose, the mor ose old Royalist, had trapped Colonel John Chatteris, of Cromwells Horse. in his fatal Blue Chamber, and' how John Chatteris had been found dead in the morhing, with that same faint blue mark on his HDp mentioned in the old monkish. chronicle of the cardinal's death? Could he tell her how the other John Chatteris, her great-grandfather, was found dead in the fatal room one morning with only a tiny blue scar on his lip to bear the suspicion of his death? "It is all nonsense, tradition, a pack of lies invented by a lot of ignorant ser vants!" said Geoffrey to himself, as he rose and paced the billiard-room floor. "I daresay some of my people were blackguards! Most families have their skeletons and their black sheep, but I can't see what connection our black guards had with those mysterious deaths. "'Ten to one the poor beggars died of heart failure-the one, because he was made a prisoner; the other, because he had lost all his coin in fashionable specu lation. As for the blue mark, that's all an old woman's tale, like the Lambton worm, or the Cock Lane ghost. Geoffrey Ambrose, you're a fool! You are suffer ing from nerves, and you'll have to cut down your tobacco allowance by half, and give up taking coffee; and you have fallen in love, which upsets a man even more than tobacco and cof----" Here Sir Geoffrey paused in his self communing. Miss Chatteris was stand ing at the billiard-room door, regarding him with some amazement. "Do you often talk to yourself, Sir Geoffrey?" she asked, laughingly. "Er-never-sometimes. That is, not often!" stammered Sir Geoffrey. "I picked up the habit a bit when I was living alone in chambers in town. You see, when a fellow lives alone, he doesn't have anyone to talk to, does he?" Miss Chatteris smiled at this quaint appeal. She was beginning to like Sir Geoffrey. "And how did you like living alone?" she queried, innocently. "It was horrible, beastly slow, and ever so dreary!" replied Sir Geoffrey, with al. most uncalled-for fervor. He was just beginning to realise what a terrible thing it is for a man to live alone. "We have all been to see the Blue Room," continued Miss Chatteris, gaily. "Poor Mr Hogg insisted on exploring the secret staircase, and slipped in the dark and fell down fifteen stairs! He says fifteen hundred, but he does exaggerate things so." "That room is always unlucky!" ex claimed Sir Geoffrey. "One of these days, whlen I have saved enough, I w-ill rebuild that side of the house." "I would not do that," replied Miss Chatteris. "iWe all fell quite in love with the picture of the old cardinal. The eyes seem to follow one wherever one goes." "I'll certainly pull that part of the house down," reiterated Sir Geoffrey, uneasily. "Surely you are not superstitious, Sir Geoffrey?" asked his fair guest, a faint gleam of amusement dancing in her blue eyes. "No, no, not superstitious," replied Sir Geoffrey, hastily; "but I hate to tempt coincidence, that's all." "I'm sorry for that, for I came to ask you if I might sleep. in your haunted chamber to-night," said Miss Chatteris, coaxingly. Sir Geoffrey turned pale. "Really, Miss Chatteris -" he lie gan. "In fact, I had quite made up my mind to do it. Mr Hogg has bet me half a dozen pairs of gloves that I won't," said Miss Chatteris with a pout. "Hang Mr Hogg and his gloves!" mur mured Sir Geoffrey under his breath. "I wish you would give up the idea," he continued, aloud. "Then Mr Hogg will think that I am afraid, and will return to the States to lecture upon the timidity of English wo men!" "But the bed will be damp," protested Sir Geoffrey. "Mrs Wilson, your housekeeper, ha just told me that she airs the sheet. every three days," replied the lady stubbornly. "The room is so draughty," urged St Geoffrey. "I have slept in the open air by a came fire hundreds of times." "Well, well, I will say no more," said Sir Geoffrey. But his heart misgave him. (To be concluded next week.) 