A £H«sm APPEAKAKCE AT AUBURN. EXCITEMENT IN THE NEIGHBOUR HOOD. Tho' some sceptics may deny belief in visitants from another sphere, yet with the majority of folk the belief dies hard. Miss Marner. of " Lamington," Viotona- road, Auburn, Victoria, has more than once Been something resembling a ghost— when, for uwtanceTshe looked in her mirror, so debilitated was she by many months' Al ness. She says " I commenced, some two years ago, to feel very i'l after returning home from school- I did not feel sufficiently unwell to take to my bed, but experienced a continued languid feeling that made me most miser able. Father took me to see a doctor, and he said I was over-growing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so, there was no fear of my disobeying this order, and I took ttie quinine tonic' given me, with regularity. Then I commenced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest." " We tried every thing to induce sleep," intei posed Mr. Marner, "but without effect;. then I con sulted a well-known Collins-street prac titioner. He arid my daughter was suffer ing principally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but she returned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in the Imorning; any food -taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh and became a mere glot t. "This time last year," said Miss Alice, "I weighed 7et31bs, now I am 9st 71bs." "A great improvement; your treatment must have been beneficial ?" " No ; all the medicine I got did me very little good. Actually, Dr. Williams' Pink Fills for Pale People deserve that credit. Just before the Jubilee holidays, father bought me a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, at Mr. Pleasance's, Chapel-street, Prahran ; they did me so muchgood that I continued, with them. It is a long time since I discontinued taking them, ana I am now as healthy aa anyone could wish." "And you" would recommend them!" "Yes; and that strongly, too," said Mr. Marner, " had I known of Dr. Williams' Pink PBls two years before, it would have „ saved me a hundred pounds." There are many readers who may be for tunate enough to save their pockets if they act as this young lady did. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills will cure -amtynia. weak heart. sleeplessness, scrofula., consumption, chronic erysipelas, debility, indigestion, liver and kidney diseases and chest and lung troubles, pale and sallow complexions, paralysis, loco motor ataxia, neuralgia, St. Vitus' dance, and nervous headache, and all nervous dis orders. They are sold by chemists and storekeepers, and by the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, care of Rocke, Tompsitt and Co., Flinders-street, Melbourne, at two and nine a box, or six for fifteen aad three pence, but are genuine only with the full name (seven words), Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, on each - box. Tnousands have testified to their curative powers. 