mr. barton at marrick- . ' ville. A SMALL VOTE FOR THE BILL. Tho Excelsior-hall, at AfarrickviUe, was filled last night, when Afr. Barton addressed a meet ing In support of tho Secret Conference BUI. Alderman Benson presided. , Air. Barton said a great many bogies had been —toiuicu in rugai u 10 luo provisions ol tho bill. Alost of them had been exposed, and with regard to a few, the most that could he said of them was that they were surrounded wlth'ouly a little doubt. A.s to whether Queens land would be in tho Federation, lie could say, from his recent visit, tliat if New South Wales accepted tho bill there could bo 110 doubt about the position the northern colony would occupy. 'He had received a letter that day from the secre tary of the Federation League 111 Brisbane, In which it was stated that 011c of the most grati fying aspects of the movement was tho altitude of tho majority of the labor party. The party consisted of 21 members, 1-1 of whom were in favor of the Commonwealth Bill. The leaguo intended to seek their co- operation in advocating the acceptance of the measure. Their help was most essential. There was a fairly large popu lation in tho western districts which, if it came under tho influence of tlio labor party, would fully compensate for any defections in the agri cultural centres. A branch league had been formed at Afount Morgan, and already had 500 members on its roll. - It could be seen. from this letter that If ithey made It right by their votes at the reforondum Queensland would be all right. (A Voice: "We will not.") They would. (Ap plause and dissent.) Ho was going to 'talk about the price of Federation. (A Voice: "You are only a sidelight now." Laughter.) ' If that gen- Lleman who interrupted had any nautical .ex perience he would understand him when he said that he was , "only a deadlight." (Laughter.) Dealing with tho provisions of tho bill, he re ferred to 1 tlie proposals- with regard to dead locks. Ho pointed out that the double dissol-u-: tion was in no other Constitution .in tho world, - and this extraordinary power in the hands of the Governor-General would considerably reduce tho' possibilities of a disagreement. llo did not think there would bo many disagreements,' be cause both Houses would be serving the same master. (Applause.), A-. lot had been said about1' the capital,, and the provisions of the bill had been declared to be.the. death-warrant of Sydney.-. Tho man who cursed by cable now said he was going to arrive in, Sydney the day after- the voto' —the day afltdr the death- warrant had been ex ecuted. (A Voice: "A -good ' thing for you.") The Insult to Sydney consisted in this— (A Voice: "Melbourne will got it," and laughter)— tho per manent capital would be in New South Wales,. — (A Voice, "When?" and another: "Somewhere about Albury.") It- would not be near Albury, because the members of tho Federal Parliament would not care to be shrivelled up. Only a very small portion of New South Wales was barred under this provision, but overy inch of all tho other colonies was barred. As soon as a site could be selected, and suitable buildings erected, the Federal Parliament would sit in New Soutli Wales. 1-Ie did not think it should be in Sydney, because the metropolis should not be too greedy. Now, ho was going to say a few ivords about another matter. (A Voice: "The old flag," and laughter.) The flag of Britain was an old flag. Did they hate It far that? Tho flag of tho British. Empire .was an, old flag. .Did they hate. It for that? If- that did, they were tow ards. - The flag they had used was never In- tended for tho Federal flag. It was ' the flag adopted many years ago for Australia, and was, therefore, tho Australian flag. And about 8 o'clock on the night of next Tuesday thoy would find it waving over a number of bright aiid happy faces. , (Cheers and laughter:)' If ! thero was 110 wind and It drooped, It would only be like' tho tails of those who had been opposing Federation. (Cheers and laughter, and a voiqe: "Wait till you hear the other side.") The provisions re garding tlio amendments of the Constitution and the boundaries of States wero briefly referred to, and In introducing the subject of the Brad don blot he advised the people to read the whole bill. He said ho 'could not expect to have tlio vote In Ills favor of every man who read the hill, but if they did take tho trouble to read it i10 would guarantee to have hineteen-twentleths of tlio electors of New South Wales .affirm- that he had told the truth about it. (Applause.) Tho great difficulty of the supporters of the bill was to refute the misstatements which had been made by those who were opposing it. (A Voice: "What about Coghlan?") He would have pre ferred that Air. Coghlan should have been allowed to make any statements he liked. It had been said that he would say the same as he did last year. Well, last year Ills conclusions were mar thomatically accurate, but.they wero worked out on the wrong basis. Having explained Lho dif-r ference between the Braddon blot of last year and of this, ho- asserted that tlio amendments which had beon secured; made it easier to deal with the clause during thio first 10 years, and. 10 times easier when the 10 years had expired. The clause did not say that all the! revenue had to be raised through Customs and excise. Thero was nothing to prevent, tho Federal Treasurer collecting Ills' revenue in any: other way. If it was not raised through Customs and excise, there was no need for him to, collect four times the amount lie required. It might be that a pro tectionist Treasurer- would raise the whole of tho revenue required Through Customs, and excise. A Treasurer of another fiscal faith might decide to raise part through iCustoms and excise, and part through direet'taxation. Taking tlie cost of tho transferred services and tho new expenditure brought about by. the establishment of tho Federation,, the totali would bo about £1,750,000. One Federal-, Treasurer, might decide to raise tho whole of tlio amount through Cus toms, but another might'. say lie would raiso £6, 000, 000 ill that way, returning £4,500,000 to tho Statos, and then providing the balanco of £250,000 by direct taxation. In raising it this way it would not he necessary .. to have such a high tariff as would ho required 'if the whole amount came through Customs and excise. . He could not say which plan the Federal-Treasurer would adopt — It would depend 011 .which, party was in. power, but It he, as a protectionist, was pre pared to accept Federation If it meant freetrade, ho had llhe right to expect the freetrader to accept it if it meant protection. (Applause and a voice; "What about\Mr. Lyne.") So far as he was an observor of Air. Lyne, lio had come to the conclusion that he knew nothing about tho matter at all. If he thought lie did know he would havo a harder opinion about him. (Laugh ter and applause.) But It did not matter who his opponents were. IIo was bound to the cause of tho bill, no matter who was In the way. .(Ap plause.) Ho dealt with tibo bookkeeping system, and said tliat the tariff would reflect the wishes and opinions of the peoplo. Tho people had had 10 years of their present Constitution, and they might be expected to act as sanely under the proposed Constitution as they had 111 the past. It they did that, where were ull the ghosts about tlio high tariff? It was absolutely plain that tlio rato of taxation would ho high or low and tlio rato of expenditure lilgh or low under thu proposed Constitution as tho federated people would make It, except only on 011c point, and that was tliat for a certain period at least not more than one fourth of tho Customs and excise revenue should be taken fo_r Federal expenditure. It would lie at least two years before the ma chinery of government for federated Australia could bo established, and tho Federal tariff was not to be framed for two years after that. It was idle, then, for peoplo now to tell them what the Federal tariff and the Federal expenditure would tie four years hence. (Applause.) Ho asked tliem to value their privileges 011 Juno 20 — (Voices: "Wo will")— and vote for the bill. (Voices; "No. no," and "Yes. yes," nnd applause.) Tlie' voto was in favor of the bill by a small majority. 