Provincial Pickings. Ffiou Ou& Exofuxoss.") The Ohildcra correspondent of tho Mary borough Chronicle says that rathor a serious accident happened to tho machinery of the Doolbi mill. Two pinions aro brolccn, and i there is likely to bo u delay in effecting j repairs. This is greatly to be deplored, na I the harvest will be delayed so long. The mill : was keeping IS trains a week going1. J Shearing is now completed throughout the district. (writes the Blackall correspondents i the Rockhamptou Bulletin) with the exception of Listowel Downs, Tcrriok Torrick having: j cut out about a week ago. Owing to salea of stock and losses through drought, tberd was j a very larue falling off in the number of t sheep shorn, and tho men's cheques in couse- quenco were ununually small. The ranks of our old identities nre being rapidly thinned (remarks the Maryborough Chronicle of October '17). Tho last to pass away is Mrs. J. H. Bums, who died yester day ut the ripe ego of 70 years. The deceased cume to Maryborough about 40 years ago from the old country, nnd had resided here ever since, her husband, who was a well known townsman, baring died a few years ago. Mrs. Burns leaves a grown-up son and daughter to mourn her loss, the formor. Mr. John H. Burns, being an old employee of tho Vulcan foundry. j The Wintnn correspondent of tho Rook- 1 hnmpton Bulletin, writing on October 19, furnishes the following items: Shearing is in full swing on Dngworth, which 'expects to cut out in about three weoks. Races will bo held nt Watts's Creek nt the conclusion of tho shearing, jxyauna, tho last shed of tho district, begins on Saturday. Botween 50,000 and 80,000 sheep are to bo shorn. The bazaar in aid of the fund for the erection of the Roman Catholio presbytery held lust wook realised the hatidsomo total of £197 Ss. lOd. during the thrco days. - In the iirst lG daysof thin month SU0 bales of wool were despatched from tho local railway station. The Pialba correspondent of the TPt/fe Bay JY ewe writes : Cane cutting is beginning to draw to a finish. Taken as a whole tho 6eaFon is' a good one, crops fairly heavy nnd growers well satisfied. Only ono grower (Mr. HauFon) nvailod himself of the payment by analysis system, and be is well satisfied .with tho result" his whole crop averaging 14s. Cd. per ton. The conclusion has now forced itself on the farmers tliut cane growing and dairying combined are best adapted to tliis district, and this, for the future, will bo generally carried out. The Urrawcon creamery is now getting into full swing, tho milk supply daily increasing. Our dairymen have shown a good example to tho surrounding districts in erecting a cattle, dip. Insteud of appealing to tho local authority, calling public meetings, &o.f; &c.;, a few have formed a private company for the purpose. The ' necessary funds have been subscribed and the dip will be ereotcd so soon as a suitable piece of land is secured. Ruin its badly wuuted ; the continued dry woather is having n boil offset on the young cauc, and Xiut a stop to maize and sweot potato planting. Tho following news is supplied v By the Yeppoon correnpondent of tho Hockharnpton Bulletin : The ghosts at. Mount Manilla liavo never been traced, or at any' rat e laid, and Mr. Cowan and his family,, .who have beau so miioli annoyed bv them, wero at lust compelled to abandon the selection.. Mr. Cowan has leased Adelaide Park for a term, and intends dairying thoro ou a larsfe scale. Them appears to be every probability of some fresh stops being tukon iu tho direction of building tlio railway from Tan by, a-j it is understood thi Mr. North, who is ut present engaged in the survey of tho Gladstone- llcokhnmpton lino, hus received instructions to start for Yeppoou us soon as ho has completed the work he has in hand. Tho survey if) to bo from Tanby to Yeppoon, and thence to tho mtgurntill and beyond that through Farnboroagh, to tho Woodbury sugar farms, passing Woodlands station on the left. As it is nil through cane land, on which there is already a number of settlors residing, there is no doubt that thcro will boa large amount of trafiao, both passenger and goods, from tlio first. Thero aro now somo thousand of tons of cano grown rouuc Wood bury, besides other produce. 