'HAMLET.' Another Criticism. Haslett]lias truly said : — ''It is we who are Hamlet.' The creationof that marvellous character is exemplified in every-day life by the different phases of hum«n joy and inisery of the human race. Hamlet is a ; cliaracter that actors study from different pointe of view. Some make him mad, others acting mad, -while others again of a profound melancholy disposition. Mr. Dillon clioosos the second, and iu a way creates a new reading of the part : his soliliquies are given in- a quiet manner, almost too quiet at times, making tlie scene ineffective where it should have been enthralling/ Perhaps his most happy effort is in the play scene where, after the King, Queen, and courtiers have fled from the scenc and left him and Horatio alone on the stage. - His delivery of the lines: 'Oh! what a rogue and peasant slave am I,' was rather disappointing :'he leads one to expect something and then fails to realise' it.* Taken as a whole, however, his Hamlet, though not holding the imagination captive or enthralling his hearers, is a careful rendering of a most difficult part and deserves special praise of work conscientiously done. The Horatio of Mr. Charles Doe was excellent ; he looked the character, and if at times he lacked somewhat, itmay hare been on account of 'being new to the icharacter that his ability to reader tbe part perfectly may be challenged by some, but all will agree that he acted the part with a fixed determination to succeed. Mr. T. McGilton essayed the character of Polonius, and the old toady chamberlain of the King was brought . into bold .relief. The ghost, though lacking in dignity iiiide It up -ni' »oioe. ' And liie firet and secxjnd 1 'i''. ''iwnjhy 'plMyefl by Mes8re.' J. Lynch aad J. 'McColl. Mr. G-. O'Toole made a very passable Ring. Mr. T. J. O'Corinell, »b Laertes, -was rather boisterous. -Turning to the ladies, it must be said, without the slightest intention of offend ing, that Miss Mary Ryan, was disap pointing as Queen Gertrude. More waB expected from her, knowing the things she has done ip the past : and in assuming such a hoarse vbice quite condemned an. otherwise painstaking performance. Miss. Gerald Coweu gave a most perfect, and at' the same time, pleasing performance of the player Queen, delivering her lines with becoming modesty, and leaving nothing to' be desired in so small a part. She was ably supported by Mr. Mayne, as .first player. Osric, the court butterfly, was slightly overdone by' Miss K. Bolfe. She must remember that the character demands a little more than the twisting of- a, bonnet. The one surprise of the evening was the Ophelia of Miss M. Garnett. One almost loses sight of -the actress io the . poor motherless child of the old LorJ - Chamberlain. Her pleasing- manner, to gether with admirable acting, all goes to ? make the scene most effective; but the , culminating point is reached in the mad I scene : here she is touchingly pathetic, and j places her in the front Tank of amateur 1 actresses. She is to be highly commended on her performance throughout. The tragedy was mounted far . above that which is usually associated with' amateur dramatic, companies : the dresses, make-up, &c.;, compLete, «nd the orchestra, under ihe.ioton of ' Professor'' Graham, ?; far superior to many heard in' Melbourne , theatres. One and all deserve the highest praise for their untiring, efforts to- please, snd'tt is to be regretted that they had not a more appreciati ve .audience to give them welcome and to encourage them in. future efforts. 