(PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT.) BÈAUTIFÛTKOHILLÀ. By HAROLD CHILD. . Author of " Driven by Fate," CC. (COPYRIGHT.) CHAPTER XV. I Can't Remember." Now that the strain of the night was over, Aitken felt sick and giddy with danger and weariness. He wandered aimlessly along the beach, possessed with one idea only, that several years must elapse before he could see so- hills. For his desire to hold her once more in his arms was but increase J by what he had learned that night. Only by so doing could he save her from per self and the awful consequence s of her mother's teaching. Only by love could she cast out fear, and the fostering of her love would be the saving of her soul. The slow hours dragged on, and as yet there was no sign of life in the village. At last, however, Robert heard the welcome sound of footsteps, and saw a young fisherman coming down to His boat in the harbour. He hailed him with delight, and in a few minutes was lying luxuriously on the bare deck with a huge sandwich of bread and beef in his hands and a can of hot tea by lil - Bide. Never had he tasted so delicious a meal. He explained his appearance at so early an hour by declaring that he had suffered froni6sleeplesr.ne s in lAs hotel at Eastham, and had come for a walk. And how are they at 4 The Anchor's '' he asked. Jack Briggs sighed. "Ah, sir, there's a great change there She's so thin and pale and tired- looking And ' moreover-" He shook his head sadly, and tapped his forehead with his finger. "Tell me all," said Robert. "Well, sir, she's all right at first go off You wouldn't notice nothing wrong. But it's when you refer to the. past. She seems to, have lost all 'or memory for certain things. Dogs her work about the 'house just as she used, or at least as much as Mrs. Tweddell '11 let 'her do ; but if you try to sell 'or of anything as 'happened before 'her illness, you see she's kind 5' lost and gazed in the mind." h " Aitken nodded his head without speaking, and the young man went out. V Ah, sir, but I think I know what it set 'us right She's been cry is for you in her sleep Mrs. Twaddell says. We thought you was never coming back and there's been some ugly things said about you among us. But we none of us quite believed as you'd leave the girl in the lurch after what 'had 'happened." " Crying for use in her sleep !" thought Robert. " Then so far love is stronger in her mind than fear." Jack Briggs sighed again. "You don't know what your coming meant to most of the, sir. There wasn't one of us that didn't Pope against 'op0 till you come ; but seeing us you come, and the girl wanted you, and not us, why, there isn't but one among us as won't be 'heartily glad J you've come back to 'her." which is the one who will not be glad ?" "Oliver Masters, sir. when you see 'in." " I have seen him. I spent the night with him and I think we understand each other's Jack Brfges stared in surprise. " You spent the night In Ms 'house ?" *' said. I haven't been to Eastham at allow "Whatever did you do that for ?" "Oliver Magul), as perhaps you knew, has certain information by means of which he used to frighten Mrs Perez Into giving him drink after hours. No doubt, in time, he might have forced her into marrying him-or worse-by the same means." The fisherman clenched his fist " The first WnokniRrd !" he cried. " I wish I'd known before !" "Now. I had certain reasons! for wish- ing to know what that information was-. I went to his house last night, and forced it out of him. But the fact seems to be this. week that she actually never knew what it was that Oliver threat create tell, Much misery and some disgrace fell upon her mother and he' self when she was but a reward. and all she knew was that Oliver had heard some of that story. Had she ever discovered how little he really knew, IUB power would have been gone. What would you say, Flack, if you were to. that the lady you call Miss Perez is really named Critten, and that she is the daughter of a man who hanged himself to London some years ago ?" " Hanged himself ?" "Yes. You shall know why when I see fit to tell you. Meanwhile, will by we do your best to tell that piece of news to everyone you can ? I am not at all sure of my own movements in the future. Something that I foresee may p-6-i'b..y came between myself and Miss Carter, and I want to be certain that, if I have to go away again, Oliver Magub's power of blackmailing her shall be at an er J. That is best done by letting everybody, know that there is no disgrace attaching to her in the story. But be careful not to let her see that you know. I do not want her to he reminded yet of a painful subject. The great point is to let Oliver Magu'b see that all the village has heard the truth, and that will put a stop to all persecution." " I see, sir," said Jack. " and it is bad news to be taking about with one. Poor girl !" " And keep an eye on Oliver, Jack. I know you'll help me all you can, and I'm rather In difficulties. But there ! I see signs of life at The Anchor.' I must go and make my presence in Alderswyke known." He leaped to the bank, and turned across the green. For he had caught sight of Mrs. Twaddell opening the door of the inn, and was anxious to see her before meeting Rob lia. As he had expected, the good lady's greeting took the form of a scream of surprise, followed by a torrent of" Well, I never !" " Who'd have thought it !" " Bless my soul !" and so on, from here delighted lips. But he checked her voluble welcome, and said seriously I want to speak to you, and I don't want RohIlla to know I am here till I have had a word with you." " Oh, you dear, blessed young man . I'm that glad to see you I could jump for very joy. L. Where have you been all these months V Oh, the names I've called you, with that poor child upstairs at death's door, and her poor wires all scattered, and all the colour gone from her cheeks-" " It is about her that I want to speak to you. How is she ?" " Poor lamb ! S. he's far from being her right self. She's than pale you'd hardly know her. And It's all your fault for" staying away, you had man you-" " But the mind, Mrs. Twaddell. What is the matter there ?" " Well, sir, the doctor do hardly know." And the good soul's rattling tongue proceeded Ugpoufiim Jack Bnlggs's news, that Rohiilir was sensible enough until there was any mention of the past, and then her memory was almost a total Wauk. " The doctor thinks it" come back to her in time. Something or 6th r'll happen, he thinks, that it clear it all up for her, and we've been looking forward to you coming, sir, all along, in the hope that i't'Il be that as'll do it. But you must be careful with her. All shocks must be avoided.]' Does she still have those terrible broken nights ?" asked Robert. "No, sir. She sleeps like a child. Ali ! And that reminds me, we found round her neck a little key on a piece of cord. The nurse took it off, and gave it to me to keep. Ro was just like a child then, and would be in bed for hours, not saying a word, but playing with anything the nurse happened to give her. We thought she was going on grand. " Well, one night, some time ago now it was, as she was wakeful, the nurse being in bed, and sitting up with Ro. I gave her a little box which she's always had with her, to play with. She looked curious like at it, and tried to open it. It was locked and then her hand travelled to her neck, as if she was feeling for the key. She looked a bit frightened when she found it wasn't there, but she went on turning the box over and over in her hand, till all of a sudden she starts up in bed and begins screaming with terror of something. 'w h nurse comes running in, and it was all we could do to hold her down. "I never saw anyone in such a state of fear. She was trembling all over, and the sweat was pouring all o-. er her poor thin body, till I could have < red for pity. Well, after that, the nu se advised me to take that box away four her, and never let her see it again till she was well. I took it to my room, and have had it there ever since, and she's never had a broken night since it was gone." " Have you returned it yet ?" " Not yet, sir. I didn't like to. somehow. "Quite right. I would keep it. if I were you for the present, at any rate. You didn't open it I" " Nay, sir, not I I wouldn't look into the poor child's secrets. But I can't help thinking, if we could see the inside of that box, we should know more about the illness of her." "I know all that need be known for the present," said Robert. And there- upon, amid many expressions of amaze- ment, lie told Mrs. Twauueil true story of Rohilla's parentage, and of her father's terrible end. he mentioned nothing, however of what he had found on the back of the letter in Oliver Maule's possession, nor of the episode of his Burgundy. "And now," he said, when the story was finished, " can I see the. ?" " Yes, sir, of course. but I think I'd best go upstairs and warn her you're here. We have to be very careful not to give her any kind of a shock. She went upstairs, and Aitken waited impatiently for the coming of the girl. At last the door opened, and he turned to meet her. For a moment he could say nothing, so horrified was he at the change in her appearance. It was but the ghost of the Rohilla he had known before ; pale, thin, and hollow-cueektd. but the, after looking at him in a sort of gentle wonder, came towards him. He opened his arms, and she fell sobbing on his breast. "Why do you cry ?" he asked, after soothing her for a moment. "I thought you were never coming again," she sobbed. " What made you think that ?" " You never answered my letter. And I felt all the while that there was some reason why you didn't come something that happened before by in went away." " You don't remember ?' " No." " Do you remember what happened the last time we two were alone in this room ?" " You said you loved me." " You remember nothing else ?" \- " There was something else, but I can't remember what." And her eyes wandered round the room in parts of bewiud^i'm^Tt. "Thank God !" muttered Robert. Bet- ter surely that she should forget that'., even at the price of forgetting much el.";. So far love remained, and fear had vanished from her memory. He resolved to say nothing that might recall the exiled terror. "I was under your window last night," he said. " Last night 2 Then you heard-' " I heard. I followed him home, and I promise you he shall trouble you no more." OF ! but I am afraid of him. If I don't give him what he wants he will tell." " Will tell what ?" asked Robert, while his heart stood still do anxiety. I can't remained'," so said. " I knot.' there is ¿some'tii.üg which he threatened to tell, but I can't remember what it was. What was it ?" "Wait till you are stronger," said Robert, in heartfelt gratitude for our ruined memory. "MeanWule Remember that It was nothing you need have been afraid of. And Oliver Magub will frighten you no more." She smiled at him like a pleaded child. " Oh, I am so glad !" she cried. And again the expression of bewilderment'. settled on her features. " What is the matter ?" asked Robert. " Do you love me still ?" she asked simply,, And on receiving his answer she went on, " Somehow I expected you to hate me, because I have work to do." " What work ?" said Robert, and he could not breathe till he received the old answer.' I can't remember. But I know I have got to do something wicked, have been afraid of it all my life, but since I was ill I have forgotten what it was." " That too, you shall know in time." He saw that her illness had been a mercy-the greatest mercy that could have been granted 'her. For a few. weeks, at any rate, she had been free from the cloud of terror that had over shadowed all her life. And his duty now was clear-to encourage her love, to take advantage of her condition and I i build up by all fair means the powers of good in her, while the powers of evil were mercifully failed to sleep. " You love me ?" he asked. " Ok yes, yes !" "Then you will do what I tell you, won't you ?" " Yes." " It is this, then. Never think of what happened before your illness. If ever you find yourself trying to piece your recollections together, Stop and think only of our love and the life that lies before us. And try to get all your strength back, for I must marry Rohilla, not her ghost." " You are going to marry me ?" she cried, smiling again like a child, " Very soon, if you will. I have loved- ones.? to do first. This very day I must go back to London, but I shall be here again to-morrow." Already under the influence of his presence the girl seemed to have regained some of her old self. A new confidence came into her voice, a new light in her eye; and at the breakfast table, at which, by Mrs. Twaddell's command who sat down with the rest, she surprised and innkeeper and his wife by her animation. Mrs. Twaddell nodded approvingly at Robert. "She'll pull up quickly now you'll see she whispered. ' When breakfast was over Aitken announced his intention of walking over to Eastham to see Dr. Marsh, and of going on thence to London, to return on the following day. He set out with a heart full of hope and joy ; but when he arrived at the doctor's house his anxiety had returned. " It is delightful to see her so happy," be said to his friend ; '" but you must hear all, the story." And then and there he told the doctor what he had already told Mrs. Twaddell and Jack Briggs. But in this case he added more. He told of his discovery of the paper in Oliver Ma club's bureau, and of what was written on that paper ; of his father's sudden and mysterious death, and his own auspicious. And when he had finished, the doctor's face was grave. "You see, Marsh," said Robert, "it all comes to this. At the present moment she has clean forgotten who and what she is, and all about her mother and the vow to kill me. Will she ever regain the knowledge ?" c The doctor thought deeply for a moment. " I fear she will," he said, " In the cases something invariably happens, however careful one may be, to bring back memory of the past. It rests largely with you to prevent that something happening ; but it is sure to come some time or another." " But when?" < " That I can't tell you, it might be any day now, or not for years. But the best thing you can do is to stick to your plan. Marry her, and treat her well and then, when the knowledge l does return, it may be that her love for ; you will have outgrown her fear of the unseen. 'Pon my word I shall watch the case with interest. A fish between the two greatest passions 'in the world Love and- Fear. It is touch and go ; but Love stands to win. And God ' grant it may !" " Amen !" said Robert. " And if it is in my power-" " It is, very largely. But free, as far as possible, that everyone else Is careful. Tell Mrs. Twaddell to keep that box, or keep it yourself and never , if you can help it, say a word that might restore her memory of what is best forgotten. By the way, excuse my curiosity. What had your father dove to he's ?" Robert flushed, and averted his eyes. " I had rather not tell you-yet," he said. (To be continued.) ] 