• 21 was a curious old house, built in the time of t he first Bonaparte. A French lady—tradition said she was a connec tion of Napoleon's or a very dear friend; she is certainly not mentioned in anv history—built the house arid occupied it. RVhen news came of his death she died of grief. Since then, they said, she .would sometimes open a door into the garden and glide out and in. Keys could not keep that door locked, nor polls fastpn it. This is what the old Couple who kept the place told Captain Pearce when he thought of buying :t. !He bought it all the same. He was not afraid of madame's ghost. Still, there can he no denying the fact that that door did open euriou- !y at mysterious times. Dirk, the German boy who had been found hungry on the rrad \- had been taken in and made a ser vant of. declared he had seen madame all in white; but she had hurt nobody. .And here the family had lived, and Hetabeii, the youngest, had been horn. They had all been very happy, despite the mysterious door that wou'd open, and madame’s ghost. But changes came, alas! The dear wife and mother died; one son went into business in California; one daughter married a man who to- k Iter straight away to Canada; and the other, though not far off, was still away. ’Old Captain Pearce had only his young est girl with him now, and it is little .wonder that he was loth to lose her. It. was natural for him to dislike any suitor who came, and particularly dis agreeable to him was any one who seemed to him to take her fancy. When young .Tack Halpine offered himself, Hetabeii was commanded to refuse him. She did not obey. She simply told Jack .that hei father objected, and said they .must wait until he changed his mind. {After that. Jack did not call, hut the mysterious door opened very often, and madame sc-emed to g-o out and in very frequently. Dirk saw her. from his garret window, in a white robe; but he did not see the white robe thrown aside afterwards, as Hetabeii talked with Jack in the arbor. That door was such a friend to the two lovers! They waited long. Captain OPearce did not relent, jack “followed .the sea."'and he would never give h's girl to a sailor, he said. A sailor's wife never knew whether her husband was alive-or dead. Even a captain could not make a fortune. He knew that. For tune had bestowed a legacy upon Cap tain PeSrce himself, or where would he have been 7 He knew the sea and sail ors and he had said “No” once, and •“No” again, and “No” for ever, until, one morning, the ghost of madame left ■the door wide open behind her. It was found so in the morning, and for a while the servants said she had •carried Miss Hetabeii with her. But a letter was found on the pillow of her rn rumpled bed that told another story. Hetabeii had gone away with young {Jack Halpine to marry him. She begged her father to forgive her. and she said she loved him and would obey him in anything else. But the captain had no longer any faith in his daughter. .Frcm !that moment he cast her off. He would not read the letters she sent him, and fwhen she came to his door he told the servant to hid her begone. Still, while the honeymoon lasted, 'Jack and Hetabeii were happy. They forgot everything in their love for each other. To he together always, what a ‘•dream that was! And Jack'kept it up fintil money was very low in his purse, and he began to think of filling it. “The Sea Gull sails on Wednesday,” he said, one day. “Does she?” asked Hetabeii. “ But Why do you tell me of it?” ‘ “Why, I sail with her,” said .Tack. “Oh, you cannot dream of leaving me!” moaned Hetabeii. “Needs must.” said .Jack. “Why. my ’dear, you knew you’d married a sailor.” ‘ “You must take to some otli?r busi ness. You must not. shall not. be for iever away from me!” sobbed Hetabeii. But Jack explained to her that at h’s -age he must go on as he had begun. One ‘day he would get a ship ; then she could always sail with him. But now— he gave her his pay and kissed her; and on Wednesday he sailed. The day that he was gone. Hetabeii Went to her father's house again. Dirk opened the door. , “It vas no use, madame.” he said, when •Hetabeii asked him to speak to her father. “No use. De old shentleman is hositiff you must not gome in.” He came out of the door as he spoke, and drew it close behind him. “He vas not veil, your fader,” lie said. “T must not egsite him. He is verj' •queer. He has sent avay effrv \\-0n hut me. I cook, I do all. You does a verv had t’ing ven you marries dat fellow. (You never can up pick spilled milk.” Hetabeii went away again. Tho ser vant’s manner was condescending and offensive. She lived alone in her little suite of rooms. She waited for a letter from Jack. At last one came. A passing ship had brought the mail of the Sea Gull. {Another came when they reached pr and now lie would start for home— home and Hetabeii—in about a wee ^p-ter, he wrote that they would he their way next day. After that, news; only silence and tidings of fear storms. Then they said that the £ •Gull was missing'. Weeks passed. Months went \ .^Thero "was nothing to hope for, 1 Hetabeii hoped. At last a little baby came, and mother lived and the child also. E it was "Hite certain now to everybo that the Sea Gull was lost with all board. And soon the last penny in pc Hetabell’s purse was gone. The landlady was a good woman, b nhe was poor. She came to Hetabc-11 o day, ami. in a confused manner wi .With a tear in her eye, told her that s Icould no longer have the rooms. “You see. I need the rent,” she se (“And you have a father, I’m told. ( •to him. He's sure to help you ” Poor Hetabe’.!! She had sold almc all of any value that she possessed. S ioffered the landlady her remaining b *of furniture, and the woman accept them. Then she wrapped her child in Shawl, put on a cloak and hat, and to ber last bit of money. She had sold 1 clock to get it. It went to pay the f; to her father’s home. , She had walked from the station, a Bow, in the twilight, lingered about 1 garden. She dreaded an encounter w Hirk. If she could but see her fath (But no one came out. A light was lit in the upper roon none below. After a while Dirk e ’peared, fastened the shutters, and loc ed about him. She took heart of gra and went up to him. “Dirk,” she said, “I must see papa!' The man had looked at her coldly 1 fore. This time his glance was furio “I vill obey my orders,” he said. “Y must go away. Ven you marry dat f low you know it is ofer here. Go! C ;quiek!” Hetabeii went out at the gate and (the road. Dirk entered the house, and the b; ard bolts.c,<' leh thin; but Het V heart. Dirk She felt sur \ of his own, 'from her fa adow of thi d quiet ir id the gari \ X i She passed through the neglected space where once flowers grew in abundance and came to the little side-door—the mysterious door—“Madame’s door,” as it was called. She tried it with her hand, but it was fast. She sat on the old bench under a willow tree hard by, warming her babe as best she could in her arms. The tradition ran that on moonlight nights madame’s ghost opened this door precisely at twelve o’clock. There was a moon to-night. At twelve o’clock it was at its full. How long the hours seemed ! The church clock told them one by one— nine—ten—eleven—until the midnight was at hand. All the village seemed asleep. On such a night she was wont to come forth at that door to meet her lover. On such a night she left it to become his wife. How still it was! How strange! How dark! A sense of terror in the air, too, thrilling her every nerve! And now the clock was striking: One two — three — four — five — six—(Heta bell’s eyes were riveted on the door)— seven — eight — nine — she counted ; ten—eleven—twelve! Great Heaven! The door had opened silently and softly. She fancied a little mist or smoke—a vapour—a shadowy figure, that vanished as she looked upon it. But whether this were so or not— the door of her father’s house had been mysteriously opened to her. She waited not one instant. She arose and glided in. She knew the stairs too well to miss them. She glided up and entered her i own old room. The moon shone full through the window. | She laid the babe upon the bed; and it came into her mind to lie down there and sleep, and in the morning to seek her father. She heard him in his own room; his heavy breathing came through the widened crevice of the door. Softly she crept towards it and peeped in. He slept soundly. His face looked worn and old in the light of the night-lamp. “He vil! forgive me,” she said. Then she took her white nightgown from the bag she carried, put it on. and lay down beside Iter babe. She left the door open for the comfort of hearing her father breathe. Soon she slept, but not long. There was a foot on the stairs. Someone stealthily descended from the garret and entered her father's room. She sprang to her feet, the blood curdling in her veins, and stole to the' door. She peeped through the aperture. Dirk stood beside her father’s bed. a fiendish look upon his face, a hatchet lifted above his head. It was evident that he was about to murder his mas Hetabell was a woman and unarmed; but she did not pause to say to herself. “He wiii kill me also!” She only flung tlie door wide and rushed in and upon him. She was dumb with horror. She saw her father arouse himself and fix his eyes upon Dirk and start to his feet; hut as for the German, the effect of her appearance was astonishing. The hat chet fell from his hand; he shrieked aloud, “It is the ghost of madame! It is the ghost of madame!” and fled to wards the stairs. Down them he rushed to the mysterious door and out of it, and away, blindly, madly—anywhere. Next morning some fieidward-going ploughmen found him lying at the foot of a precipice, with his back broken, and before he died he confessed that he had long planned to murder and rob his master. However. Captain Pearce was not afraid of ghosts, and when his daughter knelt and toid her story he forgave her. Besides, she had saved his life. She-had come in good time; and who would ever know how the door was opened for.her? The old man took Hetabeli to his heart again. Nor did he turn from her when one day, not long after, news came that Jack Halpine was alive. The Sea Gull had been lost, but many of the crew were saved by a steamer bound for dis tant parts. Now he was on his way home, and soon he clasped his wife in his arms and shook hands with the happy father. “When you go away again, Jack,” the old man said, “Hetabeli will stay with me, and while you are here you will stay, too. Madame’s ghost has opened the door for both of you.”—“London Weekly Budget.” 