CHILDREN'S COLUMN OH THE TRACK OF A COHSPIRATOR. ' Haunted ? What a queer kid you are, Bob. Why on earth should it be V tl Oh, I don't know,' answered Bob, rather sheepishly. ' Only such a jolly lot must have happened here; and those bloodstains ? ' ' Were made by some iodine I ups it this morning,' replied Dr. Everett, laughing. ' See that little sink, and the shelves and bottles ? Well, this is really my dispen sary j and as I hadn't much accommoda tion I thought it would be a good idea to US 11 up us a uuuiuum iui _yuu uujro. i fancied I had everything you wanted put in ; but upon my word I forgot about ordering ghosts for Bob. Still, I hope you'll sleep comfortable in spite of that. Good night.' The two boys undressed, and jumping into bed, closed the mosquito curtains. Their father was the owner of some large silk mills at Lahore, and he had packed them off for a few days on a visit to their brother, Dr. Gerald Everett, who had been appointed a short time before resident Eog llBh physician to the Maharajah of Bhunda pur. For several weeks the old monarch had been suffering from a mysterious illness, and the doctor, whose services were re . quired at all hours, had rooms in his palace, so the boys were actually dwelling for a time ' in marble halls.' Jim Everett, a matter-of-fact sort of youth, waa quite content wr.h dreaming about them ; but Bob, who had read enough books of adventure to know that the old. marble floors of the palaca — per- haps of that very room — must have drunk in other liquid than iodine, and that ghosts had every reason for haunting the place, tried in vain to gefc to sleep. Hour after hour passed by as, tossing restlessly from side to side, be listened to the monotonous ticking of the little travelling-clock, and conjured tip fanciful pictures of past tragedies. Suddenly his strained ears caught another sound mingled with the ticking 5 and, sitting bolt upright, he drew the ganzo curtains noiselessly aside. A big mosquito sailed in triumphantly, and buzzed over his head. Bob got under the clothes for protec tion ; but his head was very soon out again, for he distinctly heard someone trying the handle of the door. A little moonlight filtered through the jalousies; just enough to show him, through the thin gauze curtains, that a man was creeping stealthily iuto the room. Bob lay still and held Ma breath as the figure, which carried a small lamp — as he could tell from the blurred ligbt showing through the gauze — passed the bed, and stole on towards the shelve b. ' It must be Gerald,' thought Bob, as he heard the clink of glass ; ' he's got to make up some physic, I expect, and doesn't want to disturb us.' He pulled the curtain an inch or two apart, and, peering through, saw something that seemed to send his heart into bis mouth. Standing by the shelves, with the lamplight full on his dark turbaneil face, ?was a native whom young Everett had already noticed in the palace. Bob lay as still as a mouse, and watched through his narrow spy-hole as the intruder took down a large glass jar, and poured into it about twenty drops from a tiny red phial Which he had with him. He rc-stoppered the jar and placed it back on the shelf, and then crept noislessly towards the door. When he reached it, he hesitated for a moment, turned back again, and, to Bjb's horror, drew aside the curtains of the bed. Bob shut his eyes tightly, and hardly dared to breathe while the man stood there, glaring down on the boys in the lamp-light. At last, evidently satisfied with his inspection, the native let the curtains fall ; and passed out of the zoom. II It must have been half an hour before \- Bob ventured to slip out of bed, light a candle, and examine the jar which had been 11 doctored.' It was labelled ' distilled ?water,' and the contents of tha phial must have been colorleo?, for there was nothing to show that the jar had been tampered with. He put it back on the shelf ; and 8hen, after barricading the door with chairs and bags, slipped into bed again, deciding to take Jim into his confidence in tho morn ing, and, if possible, to test the effect of the Stuff in some way. He had hardly made tip his mind, it seemed, before Garald thundered at the uoor= Bob tabbed his eyes, and jumped out to open it. ' What's the barricade for?' his brother asked. ' To keep out ghosts, eh ? Now then, Jim, get up, you lazy young beggar — breakfast's on the table.' Dr. Everett went over towards the shelves. 'I've got to make up the morning dose for my old patient,' be said ; ' it won't interfere with your dressing, though.' To Bob's horror, he got down the water jar, and placed it on the edge of the sink, while he reached up for some smaller bot tles. His young brother had not quite decided whether to say anything about the night's adventure, until ho had tested the contents cf the jar ; for the doctor's chaff about ghosts and murders made him rather Inclined to confide first in Jim; and he was not prepared to blurt out a sudden warning. But, on the other hand, he could not remain passive after what he had seen during the night. A sudden impulse cama to his aid. Seizing his walking-stick, he pushed the jar off the edge of the sink on to the mar ble floor, breaking it into a thousand frag ments. 'Hullo!' said Dr. Everett, turning sharply round. Bob, who had made a sign to his other brother to keep quiet, was three feet away from the sink, innocently doing up his boots; Jim was at the other 3 ad of the room. ' How did I manage to do that ?' said Dr. Everett. ' Jolly clumsy of me ; the poor old boy'il have to wait for his physic now.' He went out of the room to seo about a fresh supply of water ; and, as soon as he was gone, Jim turned to his younger bro ther for an explanation. He made a long face, and whistled solemnly when he heard It. ' Do you think you'd know the chap again ?'' he asked, as they made their way across the courtyard to their brother's room. ' Rather ! He's a tall sort of chap, with a black ? . By George ! there he is.' I1 That fellow V said Jim. ' Why, he's quite a personage here— Prime Minister or something. Gerald pointed him out to me yesterday. We'd better not say anything yet. The dispensary's kept looked in the daytime, so there's not much risk, and it'll be rather sport to do a bit of deteotive work on our own account. We'll keep our eyes open and our mouths shut for the present.' III. The same evening they had a chance of putting their powers as detectives to the test. When dinner was over Dr. Everett tvent up to see his patient, and the two boys remained sipping their coffee in his room. Jim happened to be looking out on to the courtyard, and suddenly he called his brother to the window. 'Look,' he said, 'our friend is just making- for the gardens. What's he up to there, I wonder ?' 'Don't know,' Bob answered. ' It'd be rather good sport to find out whether he's up to mischief or not. Come along, Jim.' They crossed the courtyard rapidly, for the native was already hidden among the tropical shrubs and trees in the Maharajah's gardens, which lay between the palace and the river. The man turned sharp to the left when he reached the water's edge, and tbe two boys followed him for about half a mile, to a spot where the river was broken into two channels by a thickly-wooded island. A few yards further on a boat was fastened to a kind of windlass on the shore, and, getting into her, the native partly drifted, partly peddled across to some marble landing steps on the island. When he had disappeared among the trees the boys ran forward to the windlass. ' I say, here's a Htroke of luck,' ex claimed Jim, as he examined it. ' Twig the idea ? The current setB strongly across the channel, so you pay out the rope as you drift over, and then you're able to haul yourself back again. Tell you what — tho fellow was in too much of a hurry to do more than than run tho boat on to the mud. We'll wind it in again and go across.' It was not an easy job, but at last tho boys managed to haul tho boat back to nhnrn ? nnr\ minnfaa lafnv U-i^ot* mr.-** ?T^lll^n. ?*'-'*?--- , mum iuiuuwuu .labw* uuoy Y5 OJl U AUiHJ YY — Ing a winding path that ran through tho trees and shrubs on the island. It led to a little pinnacled paviliou, through tho open wiudow of which a light was shining. Making a alight detour, the boys crawled round the back of the house, until they were able to peer in without being ob served. Luckily, the window was not many feet from the ground. ' What a scrumptious little place !' ? whispered Bob. ' Why, it's all gold and ivory ! And just look at the lamp ? ' ? 'Shut up!' Jim answered gruffly, as a second native cama forward from the back of the pavilion and joined their, friend, who was standing by a little inlaid table, on wbioh were a bottlo of champagne and two richly chased goblets. Bob gasped as the newcomer put down on the table a bag, evidently filled with coin, and a tiny terra cotta phial. ' The other was red — I saw It in the lamplight,' Bob whispered. The man whom they tracked took up the bag, looked at its contents contemptuously, and flung it on the table again with a volley of angry words. For a minute or two there was a noisy discussion between the two men, then, with a shrug of the shoul ders, the island native wont to the back of the pavilion, closely followed by the other ; and, shifting their ground a bit, the boys saw that they had entered a tiny room, screened from the first by heavy curtains. As these closed behind the couple, Bob sprang to the window, and thrust in his arm up to the shoulder. ' What on earth are you up to ? ' whis pered Jim. Half a minute later, with his face very flushed, Bob drew back his arm. ' I'm doctoring the chap with his own medicine,' he said. ' Emptied tho phial Into his cup — that's all. Hush.' At that moment the natives returned, the host looking as sour as vinegar, and bis visitor, who was jingling in his hand the bag of money, pleased and triumphant. After a few more words, be finished tbe champagne, took up the phial, and wont out. The boys crept after him behind the trees. ' Well, nothing's happoned,' said Jim. ' He seems rather unsettled on his pins5 inougn — too mucn cnampagne, x suppose. The native stepped rather heavily into the boat, and, paddling with one hand, drew in the rope with the other. He had not gone many yards when the boys saw the rope and soull drop suddenly from his grasp, and, with a groan, he sank back in the boat. Bob was dartiDg out from the bushes, when his brother clutched his arm, and drew him back. ' Keep quiet, you idiot,' he said. ' ' It's only a drunken sleep, I expect. Besides,' he added, as a voice suddenly broke the stillness, ' there's someone on the other bank. He's bailing tho chap, I think.' The boys listened for a minute ; then they both sprang up, and, waving their caps, yelled to their brother across the water. ' Hullo, I've found you, then, you young beggars,' he shouted back. ' What's wrong with the chap in the boat 1' Before they could answer, he wont to the windlass ; and the boys waited while the boat came swooping through the water to where Dr. Everett stood. He bent for ward to shake the man ; and then, with a sudden exclamation, got in beside him, and paddled 07er to the island. ' What's the meaning of this 1' he asked. ' The fellow's dead 1' It did not take Dr. Everett long to piece together the whole story from the boy's explanation. The man, a high official in the Maharajah's suite, had evidently been in the pay of a rival claimant to the throne, a prince who had a palace on the island. The old monarch's illness was due to very skilful and gradual poisoning, the contents of the phials being no doubt pre pared by the prince himself. Of course tho dose which Bob had given to the native was an exceptionally strong one, and his constitution, unlike that of the old Maharajah, had not been prepared to resist the action of the poison by previous draughts. 'Well,' said Dr. Everett, when they had hidden the body among tho bushes on the island, and crossed back to the shore, ' we muBt hurry up now, and send some fellows to arrest that rascally prince. There's one thing I should like to know, though — how on earth did you expect to get back ?' ' Get back ? By Jupiter, we never thought of that,' answered Jim. ' We'd have had to swim back, I sup pose.' ' And be eaten by crocodiles, eh ? It's lucky I came along when I did, for you'd probably have spent tho night in a much less comfortable place than my surgery, and with bloodstains enough on the floor of it to suit even Bob's depraved tastes. Come along.' a_^mm_^mm^__mmmmmmmmm_m A drowning accident occurred at Lower Temora on Friday, the victim' being tho 2£-yenr-old son of of Mr. Foster, landlord of the Bristol Arms Hotel. Tho child waa out of its mother's sight for a few moments, when it walked into a cased-in shaft contain ng only 4ft. of water. Restoratives were applied, but without success. 