TheHannted Ship. Strange experiences! I, the scapegrace of a wealthy English family, have had many. I started my career at Oxford where my father placed me with the hope that I would some day enter the legal profession. Good old Oxford! How lovingly thy remembrance clings to me! Many are the brilliant men thou hast turned out—and, alas, many are the indifferent ones. Unfortunately, I belong to the latter class. After remaining there for three years I was expelled for tying a ' fag' on a chair and placing him Closer to the fire than was considered necessary for his comfort. After that I took to the sea, the best place for such headstrong, irreverent, impetuous charae ters as myeelf. It was on my second voyage that the following incident oc curred and I must confess it has greatly harrassed me ever since. I had just retnrned from a three yeara cruise on board a man-of-war in the Mediterranean, when I was ordered to join the ship Bretmark. She was then lying at Portsmouth and bouud for the West Coast of Africa. The Bretmark was an eighteen gun brig in charge of Captain Hazlewood. We had orders to cruise around in the Atlantic after delivering our despatches fct Sierra Leone. The gunner, Thomas Bubb, whom this story chiefly concerns, was a native of Manchester. Ho was at this time a •widower; his wife having died suddenly a few weeks prior to his appointment to the Bretmark. A despicable and lothcome wretch he proved, cordially hated by all the sailors. Jack Brun, one of our tars told me the story one day about his cruel behaviour to bis wife; it was known to,every man on board and did not, in any way, lesson the general aversion felt towards him. 'Me and Bubb,' he said, 'had just eome back from America where we had been cruising around for nearly twelve months. He arst me to go to Manchester •with him where he lived. As I aiut a married man and having nothing par- ticular to do I went. His wife was jest about the purtiest little woman as ever I set eyes on. When she opened the door to let us in she almost cried with joy at seeing Bubb. She sprung towards him with a little cry of delight, but he pushod her roughly aside and told her not to make a fool of herself before Btrangeas. Poor little soul ; I could see she was a good bit hurt by this gruff welcome; however, she jest busiest herself around and in less than no time spread a good meal before us. After we had our supper and lit our pipes Bubb said he reckoned he would go and have (L good drink.' ' Sorely you are not going oat so soon, Tom ?' said his wife. ' What the has it got to do with you where I go to,' he replied. 'You mind your own business and leave me to mine. These women always want fixing into shape,' he said to me in a tone of apology like at his wife's introoding remarks, • I've got to steady her down a bit every time I come home.' ' What time will you be back, Tom asked the little woman in a nervous kind of way. Wirhout saying a word, he turned round and struck her a blow in the face much brought her to her knees. He then kicked her savagely until the poor little soul screamed with pain. I jumped up and struck out straight from the shoulder; Bubb dropped like a log, and lay as if he were dead. The great big hulking sot; I felt like killing him there and then. The idea of a man kicking a poor defenceless woman, it was horrible. After that I came away, and never saw him again until I come on board here.' It was only a few days after this incident that Mrs. Bubb died. Unfortunately Bubb was unaware of this fact until after we had left Portsmouth. The doctor, who was called in at the time of her deatb,had found nnmistakeable signs of violence on her body, and had deemed an inquiry necessary before issuing a burial certificate. , At the inquest, however, there was no ertaenco forthcoming to warrant the coroner in having Bubb detained ; nevertheless,-the general feeling was that his wife's sudden demise was mainly owing to bis brutality, * ' f About a week after we had left Portsmonth, the breeze died suddenly away, and we lay . becalmed. -Thenight was dark and starless; black, sullen clouds hung heavily in the sky*; all except the watch had retired. Not a sound was to be heard; the quiet which was spread over the wide. expanse Was horrible; no flapping or' straining of sails, or cries from sea birds; but ono deep universal -and deathly silence. The. very stilness portended disaster to the mind of the sentry as he paced the lonely deck, peering into the gloom around him. Suddenly he was startled by hearing the voice of a woman crying in supplicating tones! ' Tom, Tom, Tom !' 'Who's thatP' he thought; 'we have no females on board, and are hundreds of miles from land.' After searching vainly around the deck, he came to the conclusion that hia imagination was playing him false. 'Tom, Tom, Tom!' The mysterious wail had scarcely ceased when Bubb rushed from his cabin. ' Who's that callin* me ?' be demanded fiercely. ' Well,' replied the sentry, after recovering from his astonishment at the sudden appearance of Bubb, 'may I be keel hauled if I know. I heard the voice calling " Tom" plain enough, but I'm durned if I can tell you who it was.' ' Don't you play any of those funny tricks on me,' said Bubb, making his way back to his cabin, ' or, by the living God, you'll repent it.' At eight bells the sentry was relieved, and he turned in. When he awoke it was broad daylight. ' That voice,' he thought. ' Was I dreaming, or did I really hear it ?' Another sentry would be on duty on the middle watch that night, so he resolved to wait and see if the cry were repeated before mentioning the circumstance, as he was afrsid of being ridiculed by his shipmates should he report the occurrence. The night turned out very dark and' quiet, but for the melancholy soughing of the wind amongst the spars. Dark, heavy clondB were looming np from the north-west; a storm was imminent, and the elements appeared to bo at rest, recouping their energy for another fierce struggle for the mastery. An indescribable feeling as of some impending calamity seemed to haunt the sentry. The sea was comparatively calm and the wind light, yet he felt, as he paced the deck, to be on the verge of some indefinable daiger Human being6 are subject to such presentiments, and they are not uncommonly fulfilled. The subtle spirit was evidently working on the sentry, for time after time lie cast apprehensive glauceB around the deck, expecting to see some spectral shapi arise before him. Such was his state of mind when the cry again floated mysteriously over the ship: ' Tom, Tom, Tom!' He stood paralysed with terror, his eyes roaming wildly around him. There was nothing to be seen. He heard a voice, but where was its owner ? A cold sweat broke out all over hiB body; his limbs shook like an aspen leaf. ' Tom, Tom, Tom!' again moaned the invisible person. With a desperate effort the man pulled himself together, and shouted for the oflicer'of the watch. 'Tom, Tom, Tom!' resounded the voicc, now dying away in the distance, and mingling with the sound of lapping waters. Hardly had the last echo ceased when Bubb sprang from his cabin. ' Oh, my God !' he cricd in an agonised tono, ' what is it ? Tell me, tell me quickly, or by heavten I'll shake the life out of your miserable body.' And, gripping the 6entry by the throat, he would have strangled the poor wretch had not the officer of the watch appeared, ' Bubb,' he demanded, 1 unhand that man immediately; do you hear me, sir P Release -him instantly, and return to your cabin.' Sullenly Bubb relaxed his hold, and the sentry sank down a lifeless heap. By this time nearly all hands had come on deck to learn the cause of the disturbance. The sentry was quickly restored to consciousness, and explained what had happened. There was no more sleep that night, A number of the sailors had also heard the voice, and grouped together-on the foc'stlej they spent the remaining hours till daylight whispering over the particulars of the sentry s experience. Caplain Hazlewood was, unlike most sailors, a very sceptical man, and conld believe iu nothing that in any tray Bavored of the supernatural. His theory regarding the mysterious cry was that they had on board a ventriloquist; who was cognisant of the facts connected with the death of Bubb's wife.. Not for one moment would he entertain the idea of spirits haunting Bubb, although he confessed there was some appearance of it. However, he was determined to unravel the mystery if possible. Bubb had become almost a total wreck; his system appeared to have received a terrible shock; his face was pale and haggard, and his eyesiwild and bloodshot. He performed his work mechanically, for it was evident his thoughts were far from his i toil. He spoke to none, and was suffering all the torments of hell, as vas plainly obvious by the lines fast appearing around his mouth. It was approaching midnight—that witching hour when, it js said, -ghosts usually appear. The watch were keeping a sharp look- out both for their phantom visitor and on each other, for the captain' had instructed each man. to keep an eye on his mates. The night was beautifully clear, the sky appearing like a huge dark blue velvet curtain, brillian tly illuminated with diamonds. Every eiy vestige of the storm which had ragea daring the dajr had now disappeared. The .watch, wii their superstitious fears sow jully aroused, were straining every nerve to catch the slightest sound. 'Tom, Tom, Tom! 1 The three mysterious words were heard by every man on watch. Where th6y came from no one could say; to locate the sound was an impossibility. The words seemed to come from everywhere And yet gowbero. ' Tom, Tom, Tom!' again the same melancholy_wail. • Bubb rushed madly from his pahin^a loaded revolver in hiB hand. His 1 pointed at the sentry on duty and fired. Fortunately ; one of the Bailors happened to. be crouched down in the companion way; seeing Bubb raise the pistol he promptly sprang upon, him and knocked hia hand up, thus causing.the revolver to explode harmlessly an the air. Bubb was immediately put under arrest, and it was considered necessary by the medical . officer-to keep him confined until Sierra Leone was reached. Here he was put on. board a, homeward bound mail boat and sent back to England for medical treatment. _ :. . It was two years before we returned, to our native shore, and. during the whole of that period the voice was not again heai^l.' The affair remains -ah inexplicable my. tery, and even the captain, sceptic though , he f was, was forced to acknowledge tbaf; he had a supernatural visitatio^ . But that was not the iMt jSi voice was heant'-'ttfe had been laid up and the men paidoff, ,, - • some of the sailors and myself " stayed " at ' a^ boarding-honse in Broad-street, Portent month. Mrs. Smith, the landlady, .opined, when she heard we were from the Brefrr mark, that we would, not be so strange ^ our Habits aB the last man she had had from the same ship. 'To whom do you refer f' I asked. 'Why,' she replied, 'to your Jate gunner, Mr,-Bubb, 'who was lodging here aft?r being pensioned off.' ',But,' I queried, 'in what way waa he peouliar ?' 'Oh,' she answered, 'he used to leava the house every night at ten o'clock and would not return until breakfast next morning; he always looked as if he had been ont all night. For an inyalid J thought this way of livbg most unreason* able. 'What became of him after he left, here ?' I asked, i , . That I couldn't say, sir,' Bhe replied,' he left here rather sudden. You see* some of my boarders were having a card party one night and Babb had beeh asked to join them. Only a few g&mei; had been played when some woman called out in " the passage r-' Tom,- Tom, Tom,' in, aanost dUtrcwin' of tow. Bubb threw j his cards on the table and sprang to the door in a bound. • • - 'Who's that calling me?' he shouted quite angry. There was no answer. I looked up and down the passage but nobody was there. I persuaded him to sit down aud go on with the game. For some reason he appeared to be terribly excited, though he tried to hide his feelings. Well, we had just started another game when we heard the same uucanny cry. It was a woman's voice I'll swear, and it sounded as if she was in trouble} and wanted help. Bubb jumped up from the table, upsetting it as he did so, and rushed frantically from the house. From that day to this I have never seen him and I hope I never will. I could never find out who called him; all the girls solemnly affirmed that they had not been upstairs during the whole evening. 