T"'e " Apparatns" Can Lie, Photographers, especially amateur photographers, will tell you that the camera carinotlie. This only proves that photographers, especially amateur pho; tograpliers, can ; for the drv Dlate chri fib as badly as the canvas on occasion, and is actually nirire pernicious because of its undeserved reputation of veracity. Who (asks the " Pall Mall Gazette") would, believe a ghost story on the un corroborated -evidence of. a painted pic ture ? Yet. a photograph of a house at Halesowen, taken a few days ago, in cluded the likeness of the wealthy lady who vacated it six months hack. As she vacated it for the churchyard, the plate appropriately enough exhibited her dressed in a -shroud ; .and so con vincing was this very .counterfeit -pre sentment . that- a; regular ghost scare broke out, arid several .women averred that they, could see the dead lady at the window. ; . O.n.-Saturday -.-it; ::,was;: dis-" covered that it:was all-due to some flaw in " tlie photographic - apparatus, just as in a veiy similar case at Ipswich", Erig-: hind,', some time-; ago. -There the view represented a hackwriter off .the River (lipping, and in the water there was clearly . outlined , a drowned female iigui-e— waist, bust, features, hair arid all. They actually dragged the river to see what they could find, and found nothing. . Curiously enough, a woman was really drowned at that very spot a few weeks later ; so that Ipswich pho: tography seems to be as previous as Halesowen is retrospective. M. "Worth- is said to have; made -close upon a million out, of his gowns. , Titled people" ' are . not always leaders of fashion, as. many seem to think. A certain countess is' said to dress so plainly that;' on one: occasion she was asked, by a gentleman at a fashionable gathering to fetch- him a spoon— he thought she was a housemaid ! ,. More over,, she did so,- and treated the whole | thing as a joke when the gentleman dis- I covered his. mistake; Another lady was j told in a stage whisper, by a waiter, to I eat her soup with a spoon only, he evi- j dently thinking she was strange to the J mariners of ultra-fashirinable society- judging by her plain dress that she was a nobody ; but the lady often tells this to her friends, and makes light of the cir- , cumstauces. 