The Much Talked or Ameri canism...... THE POPE'S LETTER TO CARDINAL GIBBONS. Telegraphing on Tuesday night,' the Roman correspondent of the 'Tinies' says : ? Tho long-expected letter from the Pope to Cardinal Gibbons on the subject which, rightly or wrongly, lias . ' been styled 'Americanism,' appears to- night in the ' Os?orvatore Romano,' The Pope begins with laudatory words to' Cardinal Gibbons and the American Catholics, and, alluding to tho many proots of his good wul which he has givon them in tho past, he wishes thorn to see in this document another proof of his afltotion for Amorioa. Ho then spoaks of tho controversies which have arisen out of 'The Life of Isaac Hooker.' The Pope is careful to distinguish between tho doctrinal aspects of tho new thoories and questions of practical discipline, Ho strongly urges tho impossibility of any change in tho former, while admitting that tho necessity has always been recognized and acted upon by_ tho Church of adapting certain points of clisciplino to the require ments of tho time. It rests with tho Church, however, and 'not with, individuals to dotormino how and when any such adaptations oan be made. To say' otherwise would be to share in tho condemnation of the 78th proposition of the Synod of Pistoja. The Pope subsequently repudiates as untenable the principle that tho definition of v Papal Infallibility by the Vatican Council affords to individuals greater freedom of thought and action. The Pope is oureful to say that ho by no inoans repudiates all true progress of modern thought and civilisation, which he welcomes as conducive to human prosperity ; but for it to be really useful it must not lose sight of tho authority and the teaching of tho Church. He combats the theory that to-day the etornal inspiration of the Holy Ghost has not to ronkon with out ward guidance. He rejects tho theory which would ascribe to natural gifts a superiority ovor supernatural virtues. The Pope points out and condemns another _ orror in tho distinction advooated by tho innovators bo tweon active and passive virtues, for all virtues must be necessarily active. He does not allow that eomo virtues are suitable to one time and others to another timo, for Christ, tho supreme Model and Master of all sanctity, is ovor tho same, and doos not change in ' tho progress of centurios. Humility, obodionoe, and solf-denial are as necessary now as before. Tho contempt shown b'y these innovators for what they are ploased to oall passive virtues has, naturally, led to a contempt of tho religious life as suited only to the weak nnd as aninv podimont to Christian perfection aud tho good of tho community,- This error the Pope energetically condemns, and declares it to be injurious to the religious Orders and in contradiction to history. He re minds Americans of what they owe to religious Orders, both active and oontotn plative, The Pope oonoludos by saying that if by '*' Americanism ' is meant tho peculiarity of laws, diatoms, and characteris tics which is to bo 'found in America as in ovory nation ho hobs no reason against tho expression, but if by 'this- word is meant the' errors ho has condemned above ho is con vinood that the American Episbopato will rojeot tho term as injurious to themselves and tho whole nation, for it would load to tho conclusion that the Oliuroh in Amoi'loa ia different from what she is in other coun tries, and this would bo Incompatible with her unity and with the prerogatives of the See of Poto'r, Tho letter boars date January 22. The oorroHpondont of tho ' Daily Chron iolo ' says ; ' Considerable impression has boon made by a letter addrossod by tho Pope to Cardinal Gibbons on tho subject of ' AmorloaniBm.' Tho Pope oondemns only ' Religious Ameri canism,' by whiohiB meant certain opinions expressed by Rov. Father Hooker, for example, as to the personal inspiration of tho Holy Spirit), But it is important to note that) these opinions aro merely personal to Father Hooker, and are by no moans shared by tho heads of tho American Oliuroh, mah as Mgr, Ireland and Cardinal Gibbons. The Popo, in his letter, does not all disapprove of ' political Americanism,' ot1, in other words, of tho' special adaptation of Catho licism to thoaondlbionsof Amorlaati thought) and to tho Anglo-Saxon temperament. Tho letter will possibly bo exploited by anti Americans, bub, on tho whole, it in not un. favourable to American Catholicism. WltA'l.' IS AMI'JUlOANIf-lIU,? Of onut'Ho Americanism has boon mis understood on the Coiitinoiil;, and under that name Idoatt and theories, .have boon pul; forth whloli are absolutely remote from tiny, minds of American oooloslastkia, As show* Ing that the Papal document is nob roally itril/iiRoniflblo to AinorloanlHin as if/ in under* Htood by Americans tlionisolves and by those who have studied the subject on tho spot, we may quote tho following exposition of It. 11 L'Aml (hi Olorgo ' Hays s 'Wo author from Ainui'loanlHtn thlnidoa. that the Church has nothing to fear from liberty, but just tho oppoBilb au long au liborty in uiu'iatiitu ; and that there is room to-day for a wish that we may all develop more vigorous oharacter, and practise' over more largely and more piudently industrial liberty.' And then it goes on to talk as if Amerioan latholics wished to make new dogmas ! iln the name of common sense, why should they ? What morn in his right mind can for a. moment fancy that any Priest or layman in ?;' ' the United Slates should wirfh to make dogmas or bo have his ideas ' lifted to the elevation' of a principle of a new dogma?' The bare though tv of such a thing shows how . little the French disputants understand of tho motives or tho bases of what they call ; I' Americanism.' All that tho system which is characterised by that word aims at is to be allowed to devolop tho powers and the resources of the Church of God in the way beet calculated to have an effect on the' citizens of tho groat Republic who are out-' side the Fold of Christ. We are not sur prised that the ex-Abbo Charbonnel, in this month's 'Revue Chrotionne,' should talk of tho movement as if ifc wore a sort of neo Protofitantistn. Ho has hi« own axe to grind. But it is a thousand pities that other people who ought, as Catholics, to know bettor, should have givon him cause to quote them in favour of his by no means disinterested views. Look at' the whole' matter as it lies broadly on bho face of con temporary facts. America has a thoroughly popular and democratic form of government. Her citizens are iiis^inct with the spirit of liberty to their finger-tips. Individual liborty and initiative is tho basis of thoir social principles, As Russell Lowell ex presses it : An' thet's. the old Amorikiti idoo j To make a man a man, an' lot him be. They do not want, because they do not need, to bo tied to leading-strings at every moment of life. Loyal to tho core to tho j. ujju, uu i/uu vjuuruii, IU MU UlnU'Cll S ClOO trinos, they desire that liberty, which is noedod for tho thorough and effective carry ing out and extension of the Church's influ ence among the millions of people now alien from tho Faith. They know it is useless to ask, them to embrace tho Gospel and submit to tho^ Church if there linger r any' suspicion that either the one or the other ip adverse to American ideals. And neither is adverse. A man can be a good American and a good Catholic, and if he becomes a Catholic ho will probably bo a bettor Amerioan than he was before. This is all that Americanism aims at, and io is quite time now that tho fact should bo making itself understood oven in Franco, where monarchical aud dynastio traditions have lingered longor than anyone, 20 years ago, would havo ventured to foro toll, and than many people oven now aro willing to, believe. Tho Ofuirah adapts hor Bolf to ovory politioal system, booauao she oarrios with hor benefits for them all. And they who are hor Divinely-appointed rulers may surely bo trusted to oxeroiso their judg ment as to the best method of. presenting her and hor toachings to the people whom it is thoir doaire and thoir duty to try to con vort. ''/ in. ? ! ? . 