Musical Jottings, MB. Jobn Lemmone, the well-known Australian Flautist, is to act as Agent lor Maud McCarthy^ ooncerts. Miss Ada Orossley, the Australian contrato, V been commanded by the Queen 1o sing at Balmoral. Tnii'national prize of £5 for piano forte-playing, in connection with Trinity College, London, examination, open t<>. all candidates under 20 throughout the world, has been awarded to Miss Annette A. Trenerry, aged 15, o^ Sale, Gippsland. Gilbbet and Sullivan's "Iolanthe" was received in Melbourne with much enthusia m last week. The muBic of " Iolanthe" is less hackneyed than most other operas of Gilbert and Sullivan's, hecause, as a writer says, " It iB of gossamer texture, and neither invites nor would endure rough hand ling,'' IN a town' that will be nameless, quite recently, a knot of pedestrians stood outside a houso listening to; a gentleman^inSide who was singing Italian opera in Italian. Presently \- the group ia^Tjoipe'd by a constable after 'listening for a while he said fervently,.'.'Ah T there's nothing like a good old,Sootoll song.' MB. Dearie Brand, whose death is England is just announced,, was ori ginally, a midshipman on the Austra lian station, . but, taking a fanoy to the stage, he returned to England to Study at the Boyal Academy of Music. In 1884 he revisited Australia as a member of D.u.nDing's Opera Company, Annette Ivanova'was the prima donna of the company, and "the beautiful Kate Ohard " (Mrs. Brand) sang the euxrad parts. THE Orient . Company writes to the colonial papers:-" In the passenger list of the Orizaba, Mr. and Mrs. Max Eown appeared as passengers by that steamer for Melbourne. This was a mistake on our part, as Mr. Max Bown'a.ijname only should have ap peared."- (There's a wealth of history in that;,,; "Mrs. Max Bown" io Frances Saville, the Australian vooal ist, and one of the Simonse&s.; Mr, and Mrs. Max Bown recently appeared as principals in a divorce case in Eng land. " Stephen Adams and his school of song- writers " are makers of" musical atrocities," in Herr Friedenthal's opinion. But we cannot all be class ical. Probably the more or Ibsb suc cessful " rendering " of " Castles in j the Air," f-'The Romany Lass,"j Island of Dreams," and other Adam sics,gives pleasure to vocalists, and audiences who could find no joy in Schumann, or even in Grieg. After all, mbst'excellenoe in our world be longs to" a song of degrees." If we cannot secure 24icarat gold, we rnuBt content-with, humble silver. MiBcftSaiNi's hymn ia honor of Adm'rial Dewey was performed at PeBBfrd'recently for the first time, be foreiajS ?audience : of 200Q persons. It was Generally appreciated, and is ConsidiflrW one of the finest hymns Magoagoi has written. The iiiea originated with the European editor of the New York Journal, who has re cently relumed froui the Philippines; Tbe Joiivmi pays £500 for I he right of fir at publication, Muscagiii retaining the copyright., Mascegui, by theway, has organised an orchestia to play at the Paris Exhibition,, and later in luondon.. . IT camo as a sudden shock ta the musical community when it became known that Mr. T. J. Ballewell had died tomewhat suddenly.. The popalar einger fell ill on Saturday week t>ut his friends did sot appear to consider the case, was serious. He, himself,, was contemplating 4 tour in Queens land,, ai^i had already oiade sotue preparations for his visit. He came to Australja 20 years ago with Mr. G. Muagrove's Taruhour Major Com pany. He was but. 5& years of age, and was familiarly known aB *' Daddy." Deceased leaves a wife and family, resident in England, with the exception of one daughter, who came out from England some time ago to reside with her father. COUNT Geza of Bruuswiok, grand nephew ;of Beethoven's friend, sold the estate bf"Marton vaser some years ago and'rttired to Vienna, where he has just died without heirs. His decease ends'.the" Hungarian branch of the family of DiikeB of BruBswick. The oaetle made memorable " by Beetheyep.'S' visits belongs at present to a wealthy Viennese brewer. THE Pall Mall critic refers to Sieg fried Wagner's comic opera . Der. B^renheuter l\\-'' The overture imme diately wade clear the circumstance of the author's birth ; for he himself in sisted on the reminiscence. Here was the ghost of ' Die Meistersinger* pop ping up: with a determination that n-as obviously hereditary. The ' B^ren heiiter' is a'-gentleman who has for feited'his title to appear before the world as an .ordinary . human being because he played dice with a sort of comic Wotan when he should have been stirring the lost souls of hell in. a seething caldron. The maiden without guile is needed for his restoration to civie and cleanly rights, and, of course, she appears to make tbiiigs happy all round. That, in brief, is the story; but it is expanded with heroic industry over a space of three hog acts. Here,: again, you detect the son of hiB father; for the patient industry which has. been spent upon the scoie is wonderful in its laboriousness. The trouble is that the industry, the patience, and the labor are not worth employing. Herr Friedenthal, the German pian ist, said to a Dunedin pressman I notice throughout New Zealand a great love for music and desire for increased knowledge. Your New Zealand audiences compare naoBt favourably with those in Australia. Of course it would bo quite unfair to compare New Zealand with Germany. Here you are isolated, and very seldom have the opportunity of hearing the best in. music. However, X have met in my tour through this country some very clever musicians and teachers. In Tact, I intend on iny'return to Europe to play .'a ' Hmuotesq-ue,'' by Mr. Maughan Burnett, of Wellington.. It is a very well written composition, and I feel Bure I shall make a hit with it." From what he has heard, Herr Frie denthal regards the standard of'taste in songs in the colony as somewhat low. "There iB too much of such musical atrocities as Stephen Adams and the English song-writers of his school pro duce, and too little of Schumann, Schubert, Frunz, Brahms, Jensen, Grieg, and other masters of song." He couBi lers Adelaide, S.A., as probably " the most anmueical town in the uni verse." 