If there's oma thing tiiis scribe" more) fioulfully hates than another its Mr Crow, and right here'I fed it my most sacred and solemn duty to let my spite out on that fiendish gentleman by passing a lew reliable remarks about the black feathered villain' o! theback-counby., In my humble opinion therfc is no mora vic ious scoundrel on God's beautiful earth than our own Australian crow. Eagle hawks, dingoes, 'gohannas,' and other vermin aren't a patch .911 him for cruelty, cunning, and destructiveness. Only peo-, pie who have jtived ixL the "weird backblox have or can form & true idea of $iis qu&wking; wretch's doings. _ City folks liavQ no idea of the aharp-billied maraud er's crimes, and in consequence thereof look upon the bushmeh as so many de tainers of' crow- characters, when listen Ing to thiPir yarns about the crows. Al though I myself have never seen crows pick eyes out of lialf-deftd people, yet I know and am fully convinced thatthey'd do it if they had half a chance. I've. Med them repeatedly whilst camped on the billabong in want of another pastime and short of DeadwoodTMcks^ Should any of my town readers ever be foolish enough to take to strong drink and the {track they can try them themselves by lying still for a few minutes under a tree In a crow-infested locality. Mr Ciwv Boon spots you, and perches on a' branch aboveyoii for astart, there cunningly turning and twisting his head from side to sids like a parrot in a cage listening to yojlr 'Pretty Cocky.' After watching you carefully for awhile, he gradually comes' lower, and at last flies on to the Ground some little distance away. With niS wings half-open and nervously twitch ing #feady to iiy in case' of danger hb tedinea closer and closer wi$ia sort o f side ebttffle, watching you carefully all the 4M6 with liis fieadidi white eyes. If you top quiet hell have a peck at your Rothes, or if 'dill doubtful {like all cruel beings they've av ful cowards,) fly up to a branch ngaSn and call for his mates. In anticipation of prey they'll soon arrive, and thenthe perfohnatace commences ill ;*ieel «a*nest. - They'll all have a try to find. p$it whether yttu'ra helpless enough to «t»nd peeking/ Th«3r modes of trial' arft astonishingly cunning. Some will drop wiiajl sticks oM ryou, and If Uutt doesn't mpve yon or biting 'tait signs of life dirt .follows, and if yon don'fcgeb up. then—weUj tins \roitei' got tip thfen, and can/t give a truthful account of what the fiendish animals *mildhave done had. he! rSMgjned -stilL,' tttaigh he =is inclined to; tw4W<» thafchBs blinkers would hav^ been inlnunlrient danger. ■■ V ■■■■ •. • ' • • 1 i Eurim* tibe terrible NiS,W. heat wave ©f.JMIfottnda. corpse inthe dry corner the. riyerless country ijetweea Cobar and Wanooning on the Paroo. The body was literally covered with croMfi, though the unfortunate brother ewagman couldn't have been dead more than an hour or two. Yet both Ms eyes were picked out and his brain pulled through the sockets by the black fiends. His nose was also gone, juad his mouth a gory, tom-about gap, minus the tongue; It was a most gruesome and ghastly sight! I was horrified, and to revenge the poor fellow, I started to pelt sticks at the crows, who were perched on an adjacent tree calmly smooming their greasy, sleek shining black featfiers while awaiting nty departure. They must have been at that man judging by thuwork done in the time; The.body was hardly cold then. But of cpurse this is an exceptional caoe. Thanks to Providence crows-don't very often banquet on human eyes. Weak ewes, lambs, bogged sheep, cattle, and horses are their general; prey. To get a real idea of the crows' character, and mur dering propensity, 'to team to aoulfully hate the crow, one must bee a swam of these black pests wait for a ewe lambing. It's a pitiful and pathetic sight to Bee the often hopelessly- weak mother trying her utmost to protect and save her offspring. The crows are all around her on the ground, and while some peck at her leg to decoy" her away from her progeny the others dive at the poor lamb's eyes. The only way a ewe can, when thusly attack ed, save her lamb is by standing over it. At lamb- marking time paddocks are full of blind ewee and lambs staggering about and being followed by crows. Pastoral ists lose thousands of their sheep yearly by tlna1 beaks of these black wretches. If a sheep or a cow gets bogged or caught in. a wire fence the Mack devils pounce upon them and have their eyes out long before they're dead ; some live day§ after. Not even the feathery inhabitant of the wfiid bush are safe against these black villains ; I've often seen crows take the eggs or ypung cues out of galahs' and other birds' nests, while the parents were anxiously fluttering around hopelessly attempting to sftve their broods. In feet every bird, tvery animal, and Every man and. woman worth the name in the bush bitterly hates the crow, and has a cut at him when and wherever there is a posedble chance; But stop—there is one—o«ly one good point about the crowl. When lost in the bush you can alwaysdepend upon finding water by following his flighfcat midday or sun down, or by making to -where you hear hls 'Hgruesbme and monotonous qu&wking; ciy of 'Go and die V But on second thought,. I don'tthink the blade brute *ven deserves Credit for it, because I'm Wire if the wrecthesonly knew, they'd cer tainly lead you away fromwRter for th« eafce cf your ; " ft The wow's cry of 'Go arid die' i«» minds me that many superstitious old bushraon believe that the birds can talk. One of those 'ratty' bushies told me con fidentially that) lie once overheard the fol lowing conversation* between Wo crows, perched on trees some distance away from cach other. 1st Crow : *Dead horse,' in a long drawl. 2nd Crow {also in ft long drawl) c 'Where f 1st) C. : 'Over in Stammers' paddock. I'll have a dig at his ltfft eye and J^ou'll have a dig at his-— 0 crikey !' The old gentleman professed to be prepared to swear; ix} this conversa tion before a Bench of Chief Justices. Another truthful swaggie told trie that while having his dinner under a tree a crow perched, above kim. Orowa invari ably come about where there's smoke. Like most truthful swagmen this old gent had a dog. The,dog ou this occasion suf fered from that^tilvJd feeling. apd when his boss threw Him a bone or two, and bits of meat, life was too lazy to get up for it. The crow aforesaid, according to my old friend, took In the whole situation *t a single .glance, and every time a bit of meat was thrown, eang out: IH have it 1 I'll have it 1* This man also swears to this being strictly founded on facta. If this wiiter didn't think life too short, and tracks too long, and beer too hard to get, hie'd make: it. Ms biz. to fellow crows 'about and study the birds' own language. It would be of great importance to the scientific world, to say nothing of the adv. one would get after mastering the lingo*. The old superstition that a* certain amount of chivalry, Manliness and gener osity always accompanies hard-faced horsey-men often makes this simple swag man smile. Ahyhowinmy foot fours • I ve nifit many horsemen, especially racey horsemen, and found most of 'em to be what the language -of the spieler-man terms 'take-downs.' Not very long ago I heard of a raoey gentleman «e one of his hoys to the tail of his horse and drag liitu along. Altogether I've seen aforemen tioned superstition "receive) occasional se vere knocks. The severeub knock of all 1 ever saw thaiti superstition receive was in a batk country Police Court. There, during the hearing of an ordinary five Siyfne'dn^c ^ * *»Id7 brave trooper in cohhiroy riding-pants, ton ttShrk1!™1111* confessed} iiin J Sh Your Woi 3* my hat off and was crtuched under the bar window/ Just fannr 'Sfr1 8^°f ***** and <5 w t°P"boots and spurs ! It sounded like a criminal libel on his Srae, "fn nottlillg of U* Poor E Vi,/ y ** 1 «>«ld almost 7 i th® P°°r ammal outside «ie CnnV-t ^ with^t, while I i22 EL^Pm* beast drop a large tea*and.blushwith shame, andfowerWs ''iSKPu P ^wn to his cheTlitj "»dignation. No wonder so jnany horsemen ar<e leaving the noble anl tills writer pads the hoof' because l.» mnhl C0V. d rai?e ®®oueb money to buy a moke will, no doubt, lessen the weieht <rf "nsoPMaWcab^l remarks. But "J"""*8* fafit the horisev-meiS to be Eg#*--* Chest md ha<1 wj«nd" his hut =«?Ss3S53SS « from xvanfig 5mS Jim. He pinned a large nj£L „# £££ °n £tte *"? "&?*** l^e£i hSlT^ bold cSSs l »«• nto? >»£ Saris v* srass K°i™raf own w *°y My few to*. flight with an old jj^rljjeen manner He was fine company. I&etoKSof;&ie; things h^ had seen wer ^liie ^Md \rao' highly\ 'm^asfcing. . isf. 'ItWk- Tjh'ding^ -§o*i% 6ea, Islaa3B were gruesooxa to Jasteri iS, ■Wfc. Jiis^fiae ■/. collection of' ghost .^airaja^ li£* all. The old geat hadso a^^ ua that for a fortnight after neathor Bili- jitnr I were game to leave camp after dark. For the special edifida&an; of supportera of ghogta, and labor Jeadera, and spirits, X herewith give one of the old fellow'* paralysers. 1 may aay the ancient mariner himself was one of the crew and an e^e-witness of all that occurred.- I • thought the yarn too good to tejl in ordinary; prosaic .prose, so I «&.up/triro ■; nights running with a bojttle oif 'Wwoester sbira sauce and 'a wet. dotih roiiM my head, and here's the result: r '= ThemattjrMiuIga j&ump-oriaidrB;, bilsh politicians, fana-tics/aiid track socialists (with a small's') one meets on the Wall aby track don't know where they axe; and what they'retsdjang about.: This scribe is fully convinced, especially when hump ing a > swag over .a broiling, parched-up, sun-dried plain, that {Socialism amongst white folks Is, uieirely a gag, or atleasfc an impossible and abstract science. I've knocked about a bit, yet I've so far only met orie Socialist (with a large 'Sr please, Mr Operator), and that was a black gin. Black gins are .altogether ideal Socialists. Not long ago I saw one of our dusky country women suckling her picanniny on one breast, and > half- bred kangaroo pup on the other. - At the same time she was drawing a stumpy black clay pipe and blowing the smoke through a bamboo into the mouth of her colored lord and . master, whose head rested ~in her lap. Thai is love!. That is Socialism with a large capital 'S.' . FollfB in the back country arc i^cttcg severely polite: 'Can I spit in the bar, Missf' I heaid a gentleman ask ft liar maid recently. Passing a bush pub the other day an utter stranger beeokned to me and said:'Could I see you for a minute or two, Birt I wish to convey to your mind a matter of great importance.' Ho conveyed. T «an see, sir, that like me, you're a man of the world, who's seen better days (there you are, I'm positive I'm a descendant of the Right Honorable Julius Socrates Arisfcides Hannibal Neb u^adnezzaxMtnd I should be extremely frateful il- you could do me a personal ivor, pro tem. mind you, pro tem.~ only. I'm waiting for my quarter's remittance front-home. Theyfye been due a fortnight, but have been delay* ed through, the negligence of my solictor in Brisbanei Who I presume, is intoxicated as usual. Could you, sir, kindly essist.ine out of my temporary pecuniary difficuly by advancing me the small sum of 2/6 V I was .deeply grieved At myincapacity to assist, but I promised to procure the stipu lated amount, #nd promptly asked a caa ual Acquaintance. for the loanof 5 bob within btatffig of the impecunious remit* tance man. 'Very sorry,' lisped my caau al friendj- 'very sorry indeed, but I was znanagingabankonce, and got the sack for making leash advances.'Such is the world of lug-ehewece,' beer-eaters, and, re mittance men. ( This may be a chestnut, but it will certainly stead retelling. A. swaggte came to . a largecockie, and Applied for a. job of harvesting. 'Why,' snarled the farmer, grinding his teeth, 'you're the 'cove*,who set fire to my hay-stack last yeatrj Give you work? Not Ir 'Surely, boss,drawled the swaggie dowly, 'you wouldn't Jet my political opinions stand in we ;\vay of5getting work!' Sang froid with ave§jg«af6e. Bush: Police Court evidence: 'He wur lying down dead drunk, fair in . the mid dle of the road, close agin the fince, yer Washup.' 