Personal, The Rev. W.. H. Fitchott— -( the deeds that won iho Empire ' gentleman and also editor of the 'Review of Reviews' — has left Melbourne on an extended trip to Europe. Here he will probably collogue with the peaceful Stoad, and return to Aus t.rnlin. wit.h fciifi 1i1fiRfiin« nf fcVin/f', onnot'tuniatio apostle and an article on the perfidy .of the Czar. ' Put not your trust in princess,' orieth tho melanoholy Stead what time we write. Fitohett has apparently hoard this 'S' wail of his atrioken comrade, and hastens 1 homo to give him sweet sympathy and echo his moan. ? ' a * The hollowness of oablo news only comes homo to a man thoroughly when ho happens to know .something of the subject of tho . head-linoH. A romarkablo instance of this « is a cablegram in Saturday's dailies that runs ns followR :--' Tho freedom of tho oity and county of Canterbury has been conferred /upon Mr./ Hennilcer Houton, M.P., for his services in oonneotiou with tho Imperial Sonqy postage sysiom. Tho Archbishop of antorbury oougratulated Mr. Hcmnikor Heaton on having Eieourod a reform giving a step upwards to tho human race. Amongst those present at tho oermon^y was Sir Julian Salomons (Agent-General for New South Wales), Mr. J. H. Want (Atfcornoy-Gorieral for Isow South Walos), and Sir J. Eldon Gorst, M.P.' Mr. Honnikei.1 Hoatou, in re plying for the honour conferred upon him, acknowledged tho assistance he had re ceived from Mr. Chamberlain, Secretary of ? State for the OolonieB, iu connection with the securing of Imperial penny postage,' How ploasantly this roads I What a fine, great, blg-souled Individual' one would on the above linos oo'noludo Hennikor Heaton to bo, Bub what a pity we know this little individual — the ox- canvasser of the ' Town and Country' — whoso marriage into' the Bonnott family was really his ono groat, ant, ? From a little 0011 n try b tore to tho freedom of Canterbury oity is an achievement to any man who has won it in a broad and manly ? way, But Hennilcer Hoaton ? Well, tho ' apostle of penny' postage is a mombor of Parliament In England, and that sounds a fine thing until wo learn how it boaamo so, ?* ? m Mrv Hoaton's politics oan with sincerity 1 be oallod opportunistic, Mils is a oaso of oountry go hang' ho long as Blonniker prospers, He made ovorturoa to Pavnoll, I But tho unorownod king oould not soo that Heaton would advanoeHomo Rulo, Thon Heaton ohaturod his garments \ the rotten borough for Canterbury who for sale to any Oonsoi'vativo. Indeed it is a remarkable , foatui'o of English politics that all Cath edral boroughs are rotten. It was in debt . to the tune of iCGOOO, There aro not many , ' members in England who cave about abso lutely buying a seat in Parliamont, lot alone 'at such a figure. So ho gaily turned from Homo Rule to Conservatism and plankod down tho ontah, Tliua Mr, Heaton vopro sentB Canterbury in the English Parliament, ^ m » m Such is a porbion of his brilliant roaard, Then In oonnootlon with Pontiy PoBtago there was* a certain law ease In England that easts a queer complexion 011 things, A journalist sued Hennilcer for ;CfjOO, alleging that ho had boun thoiVl.omborfor Oantoi'bury'H ghost, That ho hud written tho mngayJno ai'tiolofi on penny postage tliat Honniluir Blgnod—that ho hud prepared all U10 ovl dence for tho inquiry granted by the Houso of Commons— that ho had, ipso faoto, pro yidod all the brnins in the matter. There is a pamphlet of this evidence in Sydney, and it is interesting reading. As truth it would be very,, strange, and as fiction it would look like truth/ Anyhow Mr. Heaton fought the case, M'hioh we beliovo was settled out of court, These allegations' might have been true, equally might have been untrue, but anyhow thay make anyone acquainted with Mr. Heaton's intellectual qualities think hard. It appears that Viscount Hinton, the heir in what has well been called the Poulett Peerage Romance, is a Catholic. His father (says the ' Catholic Times ' pf February 3) when Lieutenant. Pouletb, on returning to England aftor having beoii abroad, it is said, made a wager that he would marry the first girl ho mob. Ho contracted a marriage beforo tho Registrar at Ports mouth, with EliaabtUh Newman, who was a Ofttholio. She accompanied her husband to Dublin,' but wns, it is asserted, turned adrift,1 and returned to her parents at Ports mouth. Viscount Hinton's wife stated to an interviewer ; ' I am not sorry that there is a prospeoblof our fllroet life being ended. Sinoo I injured my ankle I have not been so able to assist in pulling the organ, and Willie {Visoount Hinton) has been poorly for some time. He suffers from rheumatism in the logs, and very often he is unable' to stand. But I have stuck to him through all those yours, and I would have stuck to him to tho end in any oaso. Yob, we were many times in sore straits -, woll nigh half -starved often, But we would have starved rather than taken the assistance that the late earl sent indirectly through polioemon and others. We wore married 28 years ago. There was very little romance about our marriage. It was ono of those oasos of love (at iirst sight. We have lived very happily. Willie is so good tempered, Wo have had three children, two girls and one boy. Our son was lefb £0,000 by tho.Powagor DuoheBS of Clovo* land, and is now in Ceylon, engaged as a tou- plantor, Tho girls aro in a Fronoh oonvent,' To another correspondent she said i — ' Most of my husband's friondB, who would nob lend him a shilling when he was a mere viscount, have boon calling and o,flbr« ing me m,oney, I folt so indignant that I pub a couple of them downstairs this morn ing, I was known before my marringo as Mdllo, Conquest, and some ;t!300 was spent upon my musioal education, I was oftored an engagement only three or four years ago by tho ,lato Sir, Augustus Harris to bo the loader of his 'chorus at Drury Lane 'and Oovout-garden theatres, Of oourse, . you know, my husband is a good Fronoh soholar, and oan also talk in Spanish and German. Hei was oduoatod by members of tho family, and, being a thorough gentleman, ho is quite fit to, take up Iuh now position, He wanbod to put on mourning for his father, but, as his parent did not qxpresB any affection for his son during his lifetime. I thought it would bo an aob of hypoorisy,' , Ib is a safe rule to follow never to appear to think that a tmbjoob of whioh ono is speaking requires explaining, or bo assume that a piooo of knowledge quite familiar to one's self 1h not equally ho to other pooplo, Ono thing wo hoo ! tho moral nature of man io deeper than his intollaobuiil j tilings plan bod down Into bho former grow afi If for ovorj the lattor, an a .kind of driftwood, produooB only annuals. --Thomuu Oarlylo. 