"SQUATTER!" [By John- Aitniun Baiuix.] In tho days I write of there wore still equattore in Australia—men who owned thoir owu wool and stock and pocketed tho money for them. One of these was Tom Dobbins, of Biin tooke. His grandfather had originally been a bullock driver, with a turn for finance that eventually, through the medium o£ cattle duffing and stealing, and a butchering business, landed him on Bimtooke with a quarter million acres of Crown lands and freehold bofore he was -10. He was generally described as a 4 ' hard case." But tradition credited him with some redeeming points, which is more than tradition did for his successor, " Hungry" Dobbins— the father of Tom. Both of these forbears of the subject of our story wero fiercely toil ing, ha.nl drinking, hard swearing, masterful men with, in the case of Dobbins f>crc, an added miserliness which, intensified in the son, gained for him also the uueviable epithet which had aforetime distinguished h'.s father. Thus, " Hungry Dobbins, of Bimtooke," now iicaring middlo age, was not a persona grata in the district, especially with the nomads, who in short spells worked on his station for a starvation wage and rations. Nor bad he ever been popular with his neighbours; and tho less so since eschewing strong drinks nnd tobacco and swear words, he had en veloped himself in a cloak of sanctity that amazed and puzzled those who still recollected his ante cedents. They called him hypocrite, and suspiciously kept aloof, disregard ing with contempt his invitations to attend tho church ho built on Bim tooke, in which he himself held services on tho Sabbath for the benefit of the ever-chauging hands and very hard up " travellers," tempted to attend by the offer of a pint of floor, for which, however, they had, in addition, to work half an hoar at tho wood-pilo. And no harder task master than " Hungry Tom Dobbins" ever owned a station. Long before the stars were out of tho sky \> morn ings—both winter and summer—tbe great boll clanged for breakfast—eaten by the flickering light of slush lamps in a squalid, flea- ridden humpy. But no bell ever rang for " knock off," and woe betide the luckless man caught returning home ere the- red glow in the western sky had thoroughly died away. Although Tom, unlike the former makers of Bimtooke, had never done a day's work himself, he had inherited to the full the exceptional faculty for seeing that other men served him in return for as meagre a vrage as possible. Also he was, in spite' of bis Sunday, teachings, vain with the vanity of Bimtooke and its 100,000 sheep and its great, mobs of cattle—the largest property in the district. ??? ? * . .' * ??? ? Never bad seamen been -so scarce in Port "AVaratah, and skippers of laden, ships waiting to get away were at their wit's end to get a crew. "It's no use hangin* aronnd that there shippin* office," remarked Captain Cntchell, of the Star of Thibet, to tho boarding-house master, Abe Isaacs, " there ain't been a measily Koosian Finn to be had! Darned if I can understand what's come to the brutes. Ain't there no shellbacks in this country anyway? Green hands I mortally hates; but the hatches is on, and I.reckin I can't wait no longer. Pour I wants, and four I'll have, and yon'd best see and get them as soon as ever you like." " It's risky, Cap'en," replied Abe, ?with a shake of bis bead. ""We ain't in 'Frisco. or 2foo Orleens now, ye knows. Owever," be continued hastily, as he saw tbe gloom gathering on the brow of the tall, gaunt, big-boned Zfova Seotian skipper, "you've been a good customer to mc, and I'll try and find somethin* as'll do for pully-hauley, anyways, an' stand kicking into the bargain. A fiver apiece, shall we say, Cap'en ?" he insinuated in a cringing tone, as he glanced up at the other's forbidding face with cunning beady black eyes. " Ay ; c.o.d. —-it they're sound," re plied the captain, after a pause. " I sail to-morrow night, remember. But remember, as w-sll, that if you run any o* ver blasted cripples out o' the asylum, or some o' them hospittla in curables I sec you carting off to the Persia , .' Monarch last wee!:, I'll come back and Til wring your damned Jew's neck, if 1 swing for it up yonder." And a3 the skipper pointed to where the gaol loomed <lnr. ; £ and gloomy on the hil! overlooking the town, and the crimp caught the gianco of his cold blue eves:, he shivered, and vowed to do hisbest, thoroughly certainly that if he didn't keep his word the " Blue nose" captain would faithfully perform his part of the contract. * * ? Once a veur Dobbins followed his clip to town, and, after a brief inter view with his agents, disappeared. JTone of the squatting caravansaries knew him, "or was he ever to bo met with " on the Block," or i;i any of the principal streets durinij tho month or so that bis absence usually extended to. And bis eiiemius in Centralia and the district said that, on these occa sions, he let himself go, ;n;d that if One coulil only' discover his haunts they would he found nearer -Lobelia alley or Windmill-lane, and others amongst the most notorious and low down purlieus of War.itali than in the respectable suburb, to tho care of ?whoso post-office his overseer's reports were addressed. Be this as it may, any one who knew him would have been hard put to it to, on the evening following Captain Cutchell's conversation with the Jew crimp, recognise the owner of Bimtooke in the iiguro that issued from a fourth-rate lodging-houso in Water-street — one of the worst slums of Waratah. Smoking a short wooden pipe; clad in garments that gave him an air of half bushman, half sailor, with a dneh of penniless vagrant thrown in, ho strolled along the evil smelling locality as if thoroughly at home with his Burroundiugs. Pre sently, arriving at a public-house, so close to the shipping that the jibbooms of the sailors at the wharves below forked nearly into tho backyard, he paused. From within came tho sound of music and dancing; around the door were grouped half a dozen dis hevelled M;cnades vociforously com peting for their prizes—threo seamen just paid off from a colonial coaster, and already more than half drunk. Pushing his way through the crowd with tho indifforenco of one thoroughly accustomed to such scenes, " Hungry" Dobbins stopped insido ami up to the bar, calling for rum, and taking no notice of 3 sharp featured Jew, who with eager oj-es stood watching the group at the door. What happened to the squatter after entering the grimy portals of the " Sailor's Fortune" remains a secret between himself and his lilakcr. But when he was in a fit stato to again collect his thoughts he imagined himself in a bathroom at Bimtooke, with tho water colder than ever ho recollected it, eveu in the depth of winter; somebody, too, was holding his hands so firmly as to pain; also, as ho was alternately lifted up and tossed from side to side, dim suspicions of au earthquake passed athwart his mind. His head ached, too, as if it would fall to pieces. Suddenly a splash of water covered his face, ami filled his eyes, ears, and mouth with the bitterest brine he could havo ever imagined for tho saltuess of it. Decidedly there was no water eveu from the saltest well on Bimtooke like that ! But the shock roused him, and staggering to his knees, he peered through the gloom with fearful eyes and a mind attuned to a Future State. Then all at onco ho heard voices and saw a light. " Here's tho other feller," jaid one of the voices, with a rough laughter iv it. " Old Abe must ha* made his dose preity strong. He's been washin* about in tho lee scuppers all night. Take them irons off him, one o' you, and shove him into tho fo'c'ole. He'll be all right after a sleep. Let's be thankful he's the only greeny in the lot.". It was eight bell 3 in the morning watch wheu Dobbins—who by that time had learned what had happened to him, also the name of the ship and several other particulars of importance —walked aft and demanded to " sea the captain." " That's mc," replied a tall, hard faced man, whom bo encountered at the break of tho poop, and who frowned threateningly at the dilapi dated, sodden figure, returning his looks with interest. For Dobbins' blood was up, and the spirit of the fierce old bullock driver, dormant all his life, now ran in his veins like fire, breaking through the thin veneer of religious hypocrisy, and transforming the whole man in him as perhaps no other happening could have done. " AH right then," replied the squatter; returning stare for staro un dauntingly ; " and perhaps you will tell mc tho meaning of this outrage, this kidnapping of a respectable man ; this By E, d, Sir !" be sud denly broke off furiously, losing his patience —'* I'll make yon pay for this trick, yonr owners I Do you know who I am, you scoundrel ? I'm Dobbins, of Bimtooke, 3nd I've got 15 to 20 thousand pounds' worth of wool in this very ship! By the Eord, you'll find you did your worst day's work when you laid hands on mo!" Then ho paused, breathless, panting with rage, whilst the captain, turning to his mate, drawled deliberately— ?*.* Blast that Old Abe ; he's done mc after all ! Caught a reg'lar high toned ravin' loonatic, and run him on to us. There, there, my poor fellow," ho continued ; " seeiu* as you ain't right-minded, I'll put up, just for once, with your compliments. But take a friend's advice and keep that big mouth o' yourn 3hut. Xoiv go for'ard, and we'll try and make you useful in some way. At tho worst you'll, m9'obe, do to chip iroa-rust." Speechless with passion, Dobbins gazed first up at the white cloths piled in graceful volumes, rising from huge coarse to snowy royal, all rounding their shapely bosoms to a brisk quarterly breeze, then outboard to where the steely wares of the South Atlantic ran empty from horizon to horizon. And as he gazed, the awful immensity and lone liness of hi 3 position came home to him with one great shock, well nigh driving him frantic in reality, so that, clenching his fists, he made a dash at tho captain, who, on his guard, hit out quickly and stopped the rush, living the mate time to interfere with a belaying pin, and to such purpose that the hapless squatter soon laj' unconscious, and in that stato was dragged to his berth. '? i*e3, I can't bo mistook ; it's either Hungery Torn Dobbins or his bioomui* ghost,' '.vera the first words that fell on his ears when he came to himself. Looking up his eyes met those of a sailor whose features seemed vaguely familiar. " Thank God," exclaimed Dobbin?, "here at last is somebody who recognises ami will con firm mo" in my story." " Ay' ay," replied the man coolly, as' he sat on a chest and shredded tobacco into a horny hand, " I'm Jack the sailor, as worked for ye at Bimtooke, sure enough." "And you'll speak to the captain, won't you ?" asked Dobbins. '? Why, man alive, tho whole of Bim tooko clip is in this accursed ship ! I told tho captain, but he wouldn't believe mc. What did they steal mc away for in this fashion ? But it will be all right now, won't it ?" continued tho squatter appealingly, for his spirit was failing him before tho stupendous misfortune that bad fallen so suddenly into his life. "Station gone bung?" asked tho other laconically, as ho lit his pipe. " No, no," exclaimed Dobbins, " don't I teli you that all tho wool was shipped in this horrible vessel, on board of which I haven't tho remotest notion of how I camo to be." '* Gammon," retorted tho other, with a griu, " didn't I ooe you myself in the ' Sailor's Fortune,' a drinkin* an* a sarryin' on top ropes, with your arm aroond a donah ? Somo people would ha' been astonished,' he re marked philosophically, ' but I wasn't, knowin* what a blanky old starvation applecart ye was. Gam! p'raps ye don't rek'lect packin' mc at a minnot's notice, 'sides cheatin' mc outer five pounds over that fencin* contract ?" lis went on with rising indignation. ' Ale speak for you to tho skipper ! Not much! You never was no squatter ; only a blasted fraud. Squatter's don't come kuockin' around Sailors' pubs, an' drinkin' and messin' like what I soon you do. An' look at yor togs ! Probably ye was manr.gin' Bimtooko for somo swell or other, an' 'bezzled his mono}', au' got intor trouble, an' then come down country, when 010 Abe got hold on yer, r.n' hcecused yur, an' put yor on this ship, an' now yer tryin' to come the marine over tho skipper. But it won't wash, my son, so the sooner yo turns to the better. Take my tip for that. lilor.n while, I don't knowyer from abloomin' crow. An' if ye calls mc as witness I'll only make it wuss fer yer. So long' Tea can \ive a littlo church all to yourself till tho watch comes below." And- now poor ' Squatter,' r.3 he was called in derision, began r. strange time indeed! He had prided himself upon the strictness and discipline of his station, he now learned what such things meant at sea. And a most bitter lesson it proved. Think what it signified to this man, in whom, perhaps of all the deadly siva that made his soul their home, pride was tho chief, to be forced to jump at a word, nay, at tho slighest motion of a finger, and answer humbly, and obey unquestioningly; to perform the most menial offices, both fore and aft; to wait for his food until even tho boys had finished their.*; to be the butt and shopping-block of the ship's com pany! For a time ho had rebelled furiously, and been corrected piti lessly. Then, seeing the futility of it all, he had done his best to possess his soul in patience until the day of reckoning should come—as come he sworo it surely should. And shivering off the icebergs of Capo Horn, clad only in the scanty rags 3ung to him by the seamen of their charity, or sweltering nearly naked in equatorial doldrums, this assurance of revenge upon his persecutors was the man's sole comfort, but for which he would long ago have made an end of all his troubles over side. Once, however, Dobbins had *? knuckled under," no active cruelty was exercised towards him. The Star, although a very strict vessel, was not officered by the maritime swashbucklers of modern fiction, and on her a man who knew his work, and did it well and quickly, was 3afe. Seeing this, "Squatter" found it the better policy to avoid belaying pins and heavy-toed sea boots by civil answers and incessant industry. The captain never spoke to him, and pro bably never had the slightest doubt but that the cramp had foiotered a partially demented man apon him. Meanwhile, the Star steadily made her way north-about, and each night a3 he turned into his frowsy bed of rag 3 and bags Dobbins hngged himself in an ticipation of what should presently happen to his enemie3. London 3 London ! was ever the burden of his thoughts. Only London and the thousands under f?ot that ha knew were his; and tho vengeance they should help him to ? So time passed ; then on a morning, off the Western Islands, and when, as Merchant Jack put it, " the girls in Eat cliff c Highway had got hold of the tow-rope," a loud voice bawled in Dobbin's ear, and a rough hand shook him to the cry of—" Bouse out, Squatter, all yer bloomin' property down below's a-blasin' " Sure enough, the Star's cargo was on fire. And for days it smouldered, and smoked, and burned until the paint dropped in great 3ake3 off her sides and" her decks struck hot through stoutest boots. Day and night they worked incessantly, pouring water through cut planks into the stinking, reeking hold, and day and night the fire spread, uutil at last one morning —even as the lead told them they were on English soil—thin, fierce jet 3 of pale flame shot through the charred decks and tha last hope of salvage faded. The ship was doomed; and when Dobbins * realised that his revenge had been taken out of his and that practically penniless and in rags, in a strauge land, he was more powerless than ever, his spirit broke down altogether, and he wept and called upon God to strike him dead where be sat iv one of the long string of boats towing behind the mass of flame and smoke that still, eveu in her death throes, struggled pitifully towards her home. Less than a score of miles distant from Falmouth tho Star went down in a huge flurry of hissing 3tearn and quenching flame. And as Dobbins hopeless and weary that night at the Sailors' Home, turned into the first decent bed he had seen for months, there somehow came into his mind the words, " A broken and a contrite heart/O God, Thou wilt not despise." The words to him, once so familiar and hackneyed, seemed to comfort and soothe him; they haunted his brain, benring with them an altogether new meaning to his ear, and he repeated thorn oyer and over again to himself, until, falling asleep, in hiu drer.tne ho c.-.w himself onco more at Bimiookr.; cr.v; himself as he had boon, the ctcrn, hr.reh, overbearing muster, tho hypocritical prenchor of tho Vi r ord ; the unjust steward of tho parable. In the morning tho effect of his dream still clung to him, and as he looked at his gnarled and rugged hands, and saw in the littlo square of glass his worn, lined, vanned face, and noted tho silver streaks in ais black hair, whero none hrd shown before, curious thought;.; came into his mind —thoughts and emotion;; that boro fruit at onco, ac well r.B subsequently. Thus it happened that on ,: pay-day" ho took tho few pounds ho had to draw without remark, vouchsafing no attention to the taunts of his ship mates anont his wealth in Australian banks, his great property, his high estate in Cooksland, and tho retribu tion that was to havo been finally his, all matters concerning which, in his furious outbursts of pain and rage, ho had freely unbosomed himself to w-ho soevor cared to listen. On the con trary, ho kept his own counsel ; and within a week was homeward bound as second stearago steward in one of the ctcamcrs that in thoco day 3 rau monthly to Australia. -? o o " G-oin' to call at Bimtooke?" asked ouo sundowner of another of another, meeting aud campiug in a grateful shade. " Gam !" replied tho Srst named, " TJngary Dpbbins's 1 ISTot if I know it! That wood-eep givo mc the hump last time I wob there— shearin' aforo this un." " You take :ny tip and call," said the other earnestly. " Times has changed since old Dob. came back from his Yeuro pean tower. Ton bet! Bemember the church ?" " Hatha ! 'Earl 'im a-preachiug in and a-talking o* salwa tion at ten bob a week an' find your self. TJgh !" O O 9 "That's rite," was tho answer; " but, as 1 scz, them day 3 is gone. The church is turned inter a travellers' 'ut now—a reg'lar wunaor ov a 'ut. 1/ike v.ise, ye gits supper and brekfus' as good as some "\Varatah restyrans I been in. An' r.o wood choppin* ; an' a bit o' cooked tucker to take on tho track. An' the chap 3 tells mc as wage 3 'as ruz up to distrik rates, au* that thoro ain't a cumfabler shop to work on in all Cooksland. ATake no mistake, mate ; you empty them nose bags an' give him a call." 