file Chapel of Ease By Harriet Riddle Davis. CHAPTER XIX — (Continued). ? Tho doctor has gone, sir : ho told me to Fay, when you came in, that ho sees nothing alarming in Mrs Cecil's condition ; that, eo far us ho can j'idgo, ehc is nervously ex hausted, but ho thinks she will be all right j with rcet and care. Aftor you went out, sir, I sho recovered consciousness, and a=ked for you, and when told you woro not hero eho became so cxcited that tho.„doctor was ob liged to givo her something to quieten her. She has dropped o£f to sleep. If sho wakes again, you may see her ; bat thero must bo absolute quiot ; thero must bs nothing to oxcito her.' John stepped softly past tho nnree into tbe dimly lighted room. Sho followed him, and whispered, oautioningly, — '.?You must not wako her on any account eir.' John shook his head in silonco and quietly took np a position whero ho could see her faco. It seemed to him that it was the ghost of Hester, the ghost of bis lovo, that lay before him. Her faco was white and exhausted ; her yellow hair had boon Feathered off her face, evidently in hurried fashion, and lay in n rope over the pillow. Her half-open hinds lay nervously on tho counterpane, and thoro wero traces of outlering ia then and in ovory lino of tho faco. As ho noted them, thoro swept over him a feeling of emotion that threatened to overmaster him. He oould feel tho swift tide rise from h's heart and spread straight to his lips, which quivered beneath it, and Co his oyea which beoimo nuddenly dim. Ho had to shut hio hando to keep down tho flood gates. Everything that had been wretched and horriblo in tho events of tho day fell away from him completely. Ho wondered how anything on earth could over havo mattered to nim whon balanced agoinst Hcstor'a lifo end lovo : it nil seemed go littlo, and pitiful, and mean. Ho was o? lost in contemplation of her faco and in tho thoughts nnd emotions that oamo crowding to hie brain that ho did not know how long ho had been standing, nor renlizo how worn out nnd overwrought ho was, until tho nuroo quietly brought him a chair, and, plr.oing it by tho bcdn'do, motioned him to ait down. Ho gratefully accepted it, and loauodhia tirod head against tho eido of tho bed, nnd hio long vigil began. Onco, lator, tho nurso camo again to him, and said, — ' You look very tired, sir ; you had hotter go to bed. I will call you if eho wakes.' But John shook his head. Ho would not oloop until Hoater should opoa her eyes again ondlools at him. He oouW not forget the !®wr£ibl° 'P'86'^ ^ had seen fa » ' when she had turned her faco to him a tf-°'rv °o was ovor in tho ohurcb: = . A littlo after midnightHestor beoatno v ? restless, and began, to mutter bS®n ,. words. Finally sho opened her e ' t I .oagotIy Found tho room called John's namo in a frightenofl' J! - Ho instantly bept ovor hw. .Sho wai : 6 tartled when aho sow his eyes- looking i i hern that John'B heart stood still thought that sho did not know him almost immediately the startled look'i ou. of her fjco, tears fca;hersd slowly in oyea, oho tried to , Bpeak, -her llm, „,.' 1 nnd finally oho tnrned'het faca from him' ' What iH it, Heater ?' hs said nn»' though softly. Sho mado ah effort to i back tho tears, and said, slowly and brokol Whl ^ w ? ' you hoM my cxplauatii ' Why did you givo mo up ?' It waB evident that sho had either i gotten orhadnot £anfcd tho mSn[ servioo. Her mind had not cono hnrm^ scono with John in tho vestibule of church ; ovorything else had been bio':, out. John lifted np her nerveless ht i ' ietl' — !E pa t0.ttl'n. and e,' ' X did not give you up ; wo vrcro mart! Hsster; you aro my wifo ; that is wht am coro bcsido you.1 j ?Sha turned her faoo eagerly towards hr a lifo oamo to her oyes. Sho was atmntj speak again, but tho nurso oamo to the f and mado n Warning gesture, vhiohjji understood. Ho bont his hoad dose!) Hester's, and, kissing her softly, said i 5 hushed voice,— . 1 i ' Don't try to talk any moro now, Hct1 \ I shall watch hesldo you all thron-h ' night ; I shall not leave you for a nwm : and X am strong and happy in my lov« i yon.' The look of relief which spread over - faeo was instantaneous. Sho asked ? further ijuostions ; she did not want to ti' John was besido her, ho had said ths? would not leave tier. Sho dimly undent ! thot he knew everything, and she oonld ! ? at last. _ 'With a sigh of infinite content ;? smiled into his oyea, thon her own c'li '' heavily and sho sank into a deep bIi } Her slender, nervous fingers clung to J hand and, never relaxed their hold *; thrccgh tho Bilent peaceful night, i ? John kept hiB vigil at lier side. i 'When the mail- bag was opcaed a fewi ! later at . Chapel House, there .wero letters in John a handwriting. Oao was Aunt Jenifer, and one was fcr Cz Aunt Jenifer wiped her spesiaoles, ndiu :-hem carefully, and proceeded to ouen fi i ?wondering what John coald find to' writf her about. r Carey carried hers over to window iii order to spell out John's qi handwriting, but her attention was mediately attracted by a big bluehottli which had somehow managed to defy cold weather and was bnaiingand humn around with ail the cheerfulness andi fideiico appropriate to n day in Jane. U could not attend to h;r letter, even tlio! it was from John, till she hud despati \ this exciting fly. She determined to out ? in two with Aunt Jenifer's shears, aud i was just beginning a lively chase up i down tha fflndow panes, when the wai'i tonished to -see Aunt Jenifer rise snd3 1 from her chair, upset her work-basket, s call out ia a eliarp voieo to tbo'cr.tite ho { hold, ' although no one was. . .' present s Caroy,— j 1 Carey ! Becky ! Jasper ! : all of y g They've gone and got married, in town!' ' Who's gone and got married in to! | asked Carey, mak'ng dabs at the fly ' tho ehears. : j 'Why, John Cecil's gono and mai j Heater, to be snro. Well ! well 1 1 n s heard tho like ot it.' i ' ) John .and Heater got married ?' esl | Caroy, dropping tho shears' and su3d a Bitting down on tho.^ settle with a tha| ,'I don't b'lievo it^Eho iyccjaiined.. ...#?? ' Yesj hcrn.it is : 'John, aays, ' Dar 1 1 Jenifer,'. (' Dear Auut,' indeed i^o rai | though it was- ..clear from tho packer arc | her lips that' Jblin'a adoption of her ^ relativo'was hlghly pleasiog to her,) 'I [? as well tell 'yon^ without. any ? flourish i| Hosier and I. were married oh Wedaei ot St Paul's ' Chnrcli, and, barring tho that Heater has haian 'attack similar t' i ono whon she faintea last winter, and tl J. havo been nwfnlly worried, and upset a' K her, wo aro tho two happio3t people Ik i! of. Wo don'f know when we shall ret r; 1 hopo you will paoify Caroy before ?; como ; I shall probably havo to gin half of my possessions in ordor to ap; her. Hester sends her lovo, and will l ;5 very soon. $' ' Yours affeolionatoly,- j--: ' Jons WoiiiniNUTON Ceo ' It's tho meanest, saenkin'est, most I down thing I ever heard of, to go ell aii -;j|. married all by themselves and. leave tf out, and thon stay in town and have a| gV time ; 'twonld been a heap mote faa I- - ?:, to 'vo had ma and Jasper and the dug i! 3.: I just tell you, Aunt Jenifer, I m guw mad about it ; I ain't goin' to speak ?« ip,; or notico 'em when thoy do g I) ' gueEB they'll wish thoy bet 3 tr angrily exclaimed C»rey. Then !« ^ silent while sho tried to adjust her nil ^ tho now order of things. At last tie 1 out again : u® 'I'll just make John fork over le things ; I'll make bim gimme the newt puppies, and his doublo-blade'd jmh- ^ and hia best pair of dividers, and X gt j,-, might ns well speak for tho yearlir; whilo I'm 'bout it,' she wound up, W up from tho settle -And already fou idsa of her now possession!!, whicn, ?: the circumstances, she know eke wheedle ont of John. , ' Well, I know what Caroline Je I;'; goin' to do,' eaid Aunt Jenifer, am 'jy'; the contents of her work-basket, tao her apron, and picking tho threads Hi' gown. Thero was determination ia in and a flush on her smooth, pink face. goin' to march myself to Dorset, ai going to tell every man, woman nnac TrJ,. that villago that John and Hester aa ig.; tied, and I'll wagar that before nigtt bo known sll over Dorset parish s whole country to boot ; and if bobs » ffife people yonder don't feel about thaf »v pea whtn I'm done with 'em, then O! |jy ain't Caroline Jenifer.' And Aanw my with skirts tucked up, and her star mm, encased in goloshes, was torn sP'Jr ;W. way over tho muddy road to spreaa tt of John nnd Hester's marrisgo. , W Her triumph was complete. The 5A stared in one another's faces. ? Then truth in tho dreadful Btbries, and tts had been ; Colonel Brent wa^ e®® %o- Hestcr had been a widow after a'-*? Cecil had known aU the time * b«S abont. Everybody .agreed that it' y., most euitablo maich. that hnd -been t ~ the county for years ^and the wow was in au idyllio '.'atato of delig'' , marriago of J. hi and Hester, f -m::, anticipated return to Capel Hon e j to bo to them, in a new sense, truly - of enso. (TnE End ) {k{v ,' , v Tho organ wan invented by C.® ^A,.. barber, of Alexandria, about 100 n-u ^ , 80 far as history thrown any hg'' aubjeot, the dovolopmont of the ™ ,^r .. and tho making. of sugar began in b The greatest moralist W3 fj* 'j, whoso Byetom, based solely upon to , of man to man, now forms a rule for over 400,000,000 of the hum '* ' Topping* a tobaooo plant meaW i ing off the upper end of the aton that tho Btrongth,, of Iho pl°n'..,i ooncontrated in tho leaves rat'6 , flowera and scods. German authorities report; fa^t that in Gormany and °J ? 2,000,000 glass oyo' aro f,nn ,'ul ' faoturod, wbilo one French f#oW'J I . ..... log 9Ut M WHPy 300,fl00- 