Aa Indian Ghost Story. Mr F. H. Skrine tells a strange story in the Calcutta x' National Maga zine ' of what happened to him when engaged in census operations in the 'Jungipore' district uf Bengal. He was spending the ni/,ht as the guest of an indigo manufacturer and his wife, botfe French. ' I was awakened in tlu' dead of night,' says the writer, 'and ,-sat up, trembling with the terror whr.'.:h cimes once or twice in. a life time from 'the approach of the un known. A child's voice came fron?. without. In tone* of agony it shrieked, , 'Mammal Ayaii!' I sprang through; the open French window into the flower garden. All was still, except the thump of my heart as I listened intently. Jt roust have be^n a ja- k-*l, I thought; but hark, again the wail rang out — ' Mamma ! Ayah !' Tlw time tlWe was no mistake as t/- the direction. The sounds came from the indigo vit^, an appurtenance of every factory. Ihey. aie deep masonry e.ist; -rns, in which the green plant is .immeised fe order to extract the colomig mat ter. I ran down the aveane, climbed the party wall separating tbs row of vats, and peered into the da?k recryses of each. All were empty, -save oae filled with clear water to serve as a reservoir for the garden', and it showed no sign of human life. Filled with creeping feat, I turned and walked slowly towards the house over ground on which the feathery foliage of fclie casuarinos seem; d to be photographed by the moonlight. High above their mournful sough there came «gain tb& childish screams. I. ran back to the vacs, awl searched ; each in vain. 'Shall I alarm the: house?' I as'ked myself. The feel-' ing that human intervention was use less refrained me, and I sought my bed, whereon I tossed till the morning sun 'pierced the ^'enetia!! blinds It was very late, according to Anglo-Indian ideas ere I joined my entertainers at break fast. There was something in ray ap pearance which showed that all had not gone well, for I was pressed with ques tions as to whether I had slept soundly I admitted that I had not, and 'began to tell the strange episode of the night. Before the denouement was reached my hostess sank from her chair in a swoon. M. Gilbert, as he ran to her assistance, cast on 'me a glance of mencce and reproach which I shall never forget. With the help of the servants he carried the poor creature to an adjoining bedroom, leaving me in mute amazement at the effect of my plain, unvarnished tale. After 10 minutes or so, he returned, -and striding up to me, said, in -a voice trembling with fury, ' Well, sir, what am I to under stand by this mystification ?' ' What o.n earth do you mean ?' ' Yes, sir, mysti fication ;- and permit me to observe that it is in execrable taste.? So saying, M. Gilbert brought Ms podgy fist down on the table with a thump that made the hot-water dishes sound a carillon. Shift ing my position to a point within reach ; of the carving-Tsnife, an view of active hostilities, I replied, ' Mow, M. Gilbert, perhaps you will explain the meaning of ? such language 'to a guest.' There was something in my manner which im pressed the unhappy man. He grew calmer and asked anxiously whether I had really heard the 'voice in the dead: of the night, and whether I did not know the misfortune which had wrecked , his life, and was breaking his wife's heart. I assured him, on my word oi honor, that I had heard his name for the first time -on the previous day. ' Sir,' he replied -after- a pause, ' our little boy was drowned a year ago m those vats.' ' 