A MIBSHIPKAK'S ROMANCE, PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT, lESgr C51EL3?!BS: 1S>-U.SSIGI13 Author of "The Wreck of the Grosvenor," "The Goldem Hope," "The Death Ship," "The Frozen Pirate," "An Ocean Tragedy," "A Sea Queen," "My Danish Sweetheart" "Tit? Good Ship Mohoelt," "Alone on a Wide, Wide Sea " "The Tale' of the Ten," &c;„ &c.; t COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER IX.— (Continued.) I very well remember that boatswnin. Ills tnosc was a little broken and lay on one side, but his face was my Ideul of a Jack Salt, nevertheless. He curled his whiskers, and stood ubout six foot, and he was a good sea man, and knew the l opes as a muster-rigger and the spurs as u mast maker. He came aft, brown and sweating with some toll that was .going on forward. His mighty arms were oare to ineir eiuows, anu rue uiuies looked with varying sensations at the singu lar devices upon those -hairy limbs. Yes, he knew where the ball was stowed. Yes, he thought that two or three shots would about do her business for her. Yes, he un derstood the loading of guns and the firing of them off, and so the command of the bout was given' to him. A tackle was got on to the cross-jack yard-arm, and the gun, car riage and ull, was swayed over the side, ahd they contrived that it should sit In the boat with Its muzzle a little' depressed over the bow. It was ull very interesting, and even as the gun was lowered into the boat, amidst the yah-ho's and lioo-lia's of the merchant seamen, for mercantile Jack will have his song, the lion showed himself in lonely majes ty upon the heel of the bow-sprit of tlie bar que, and he seemed to watch us. The excite ment was general.! The passengers came to gether in a crowd about the captain and Mr. Plncli, and drawing a little apart I signed to Belle with a look, and she approached me. Had I not darned the privilege of a talk with .her, I who had been doing duty during my .watch b.elow? I dnew ft lively picture of the deck of that barque. The lion. If left afloat, would not starve, for some days, but It was not every captain who would stop and despatch It by sinking the vessel or shooting the poor brute from 'the bowsprit, If he had had a rifle to kill It with. . "I cannot understand why' there should have been only one monkey on board," said Belle. "I expect," I answered, "that he Is a tame monkey that belonged to the crew. If there are others on board they are below, and J. should not he surprised If the 'tween- decks of yonder barque is not full of starving, perish ing, wretched, savage creatures, niuch the same its those which have hurst out and eaten each other up, leaving the lion lord of 'the feast." "It is n dreadful fancy." said Belle. . "It Is merciful of Captain Bowser to drown them.. "How finely that animal holds" the com mand he has gained," said I, pointing to the brute, whose shape was perfectly visible as it stood apparently wutcliing us. "He is superior to our whole ship's company. You would not get the crew— the whole of them, iri u n armed body— to go on board that ves- Sejust 'then, a couple of pistols linvlng been handed into the bout, the boatswain shoved off; the four oars rose and fell In lines or gold the white foam of the sea darted and expired with the rush of the breeze. J. he swell hud slightly increased, and it was quite certain from the active motions of the light barque that; It would have been Impossible 1o sink her by augers from outside heard ' the" captain and the. mate speculating, about . her. Pinch thought she might be, from Rio, With a consignment of wild animals for Liverpool. Bowser seemed in doubt. Had he fallen in with her on the other i side o( the Atlantic the presence of the lion would have been explained by the coast of Atricu. Old Mrs. Trevor set up her Judy, note whilst the boat wa3 making for the barque. "1 tel" you what, madam." bums olu Bowser, annoyed by her free speech, "If you will con sent, I'll order the boatswain to tow the lion, when It is iri the water, alongside, and we 11 sling it aboard." , , "Oh, you monster, shrieked tlie old wo man, with u hideous grimace of terror. "We have not sailed In your ship to be de voured by lions," said Captain Lepper, In his. Abating manner, large but timid., But now u silence fell upon usall, for the boat had come to a stand within a few- of her lengths under the barque's quarter;- The . Illon roared; its note swept in a low thrilling tone of thunder through the breeze. It van ished, then reappeared, at the bulwark rail opposite the boat, arid again and again sent forth a roar of defiance. The monkey .sat upon our forecastle rail, and gazed at the scene as Intelligently as any man in the_crew. He wis no doubt happy to find himBelf once more amongst people who walked on two legs, and who looked, like relations. Mr, Goring came to rfie, with his Insipid, lifting leer.' and said: "Has it occurred to the captain, d'ye think, that there may be living people aboard that barque?" . . '"There are none," I answered. "The empty davits give you tlie story,, but even if the " barque had her boats and the crew remained, they would have long since found a tomb in that lion's stomach." "It Is quite conceivable," said Mr. ' Goring, "that when the beast broke loose some of the people rushed below and hid themselves." "You must talk to the captain about It," I said, "disturbed without being satisfied by his notions. At that moment the boatswain let fly his Bun. Flash! Mrs. Trevor squeaked. It was a noisy piece, and still the noble Hon, with forefoot planted upon the bulwark rail, inoared defiance. We could see the boatswain re-loading, and again he slapped a round shot Into the hull, just at 'the water line, (where Bhe would suck it in with every dip nft. He sent four shots In the barque's run, and no doubt the ball ploughed through and through the fabric. Then he rowed round to ithe bows, and before he could sponge, load, and discharge a sn'ot at the how the lion had taken up. its sentluel post on the heel of the bowsprit, and sent its noble, scornful, mes sage of thunder at the boat, which hung a Jlttle distance oft, and was therefore visible to It. In all, the boatswain flashed six shots with Igreat judgment through that barque. A four- ipound shot will spring a big leak In a ship, and it was not long before we saw that the barque was settling. ... < (Site. Jcopt our maln-topsall to the most, ana the boat hung lifting and sinking with the swell midway betwixt us and the foundering vessel. Belle stood beside me, and the gene ral excitement was deep; even among the old seasoned tars forward It was deep. A drown ing ship Is always a sad sight to witness. She Is a thing of sentience: she Is "propertied" by the spirits of the winds; she in spiritualised by the cradling of the deep. Something hu man Is In the appeal she makes as she goes. But I found a quality of ghastliness also, for tlmt little beggar Gorlng's notion ran in my head, and I thought, but did not say, it would be terrible if three or four human fig ures should fly up on deck, driven from tlielr hiding-places by the .water, and If the lion rushed upon them, as he certainly would, and tore them to pieces before our eyes. Thus, you will suppose that I viewed wilh thrilling Interest tlie sinking of the barque Anne Bonny. 1\. don't know how long It took to despatch her; It was a wearisome time; she sank strake by stroke; a little down by the stern. I thought by the conduct of the Hon. that It wus growing sensible of Its dungor, until a cry sunt my gaze to the barque's mlzzen rigging, up which a huge serpent was endeavouring to make its way. The captain, through his glass, pronounced it to be a boa-constrictor, and one of the largest of the kind he had ever seen. "But not so big as a drain-pipe," said lie.. A boa-constrlclor In the rigging, and a Hon on the forecastle, and the ship going down! Grent heavens! I did earnestly pray that no body had locked himself away for refuge down below. She. heeled suddenly, and sank .'slowly, Strange was the spectacle . of her yards, masts, aqd canvas descending to the surface' as though drawn down by some gi gantic hand beneath. The serpent had ap parently Involved himself In the rigging, and was sucked below by the vessel; anyhow we saw no more of it. All that survived when the trucks of the doomed ship hovered for an instant on the salt snarl of the sea was, as we expected, the swimming lion. It was no longer a noble sight. It was pathetic only. It was a small, dark, plaster ed head, and the mighty breast of ocean glrdlud It. It seemed to me to swim very badly— rather wildly— coming for us, then heading away and so revolving. I do not think the legs of the lion enable it to swim well. The sovereign of tlie fdrest never roar- ed once while In the water. I seemed to see its face, which was an Imagination, and grieved over the splendid, burning, dying eyes, and the nostrils dipping in the seas which ran graceful as beading flames. The boatswain went straight In chase, 'the oars flashed, the little fabric foamed, she was speedily alongside- the swimming brute. I saw the boatswnin lean over the gunwitl and put a pistol into the lion's ear, and before the report reached us the dark head vanished, mid the boat was alone. - "I should have beeii glad to save it. These Jobs are not to my taste," said the captain, and he stepped aft but of the way of the pas sengers, and stood - waiting- for the bout 4o come alongside. But for my part I shall be wondering to my dying hour whether something more than parrots and monkeys and the like had been boxed tip below, and had gone down 'w'lth the barque, the "Anne Bonny.'fr ' CHAPTER X,— THE GREAT SEA SER PENT. It was a fine night, arid the moon shone brightly, and 1 do. not think there was air enough to run -even an Instant's shiver' Into that mighty mirror of ocean. Wordsworth says: "The moon -doth 'with delight look round her when the' heavens are bare." And by this I presume he means that In the silver showering of the satellite, which 1111b the blue ether with silver mist, .the stars faint out. The moon 'this night was as glorious as any that the poet evei' beheld, but certainly the heavens were not bare. The stars were many and those that were clear of the mist of the moonshine were radiant; some of them crown gems of the heavens'. You glanced off the yard-arms and seemed to see the diamond, and the emerald, and the ruby,, qll flashing perfectly, and you thought of a hymn of praise up there Iri those marvellous heights. And clear of the moon, too, the meteor sailed In state, a thread Qf light. I love the dying lights of those delicate beautiful, fireflies of tho summer skies. They flash Into a smoke of sparks, and scar the soft deeps with a sailing-line of throbbing lustre. The breathless breast of the deep sparkles back their larger leap Into life, and I have seen a meteor light up the moonless sea to the recessek ot the horizon. I came on deck at eight bells, and observed these things, and much more, for our ship was a picture of beauty, and sat motionless In her raiment of moonlight. The shadows were1 startlingly vivid upon the white planks. They were the things themselves. In the squares of the pictured ratlines upon the deck you could have painted Imaginations- as In frames, though now and again the frame would have swung away from your sketch; for the sea has a trick of holding her breath for a. space, then heaving a sigh, which comes in a g-entle fold, the sails swing in and out with a pleasant noise of rain, a moment's life Is In the 3hip, and then she sleeps again with the sea. The awning was furled, and the poop from tho break swept with the whiteness of the freshly-peeled ulmond In the moonshine to the wheel. Mist of the rt'.ssengers were on deck. This wob a night to fall In love with. The deep rich sentiment of the sea would abound under so fair a moon, and under such ripe and shaking stars. You would listen for the voices of the deep; for the sounds which sweep from spirit Hps through the trances of the calm: you -would look- for the lights bf the sea; tlie lriystlc lamp which burns at the yard-arm, within whose green and sickly zone of sheen the startled mariner has been known to catch a sight of a pale un- ' earthly face. Much in this way did my thoughts 'run whist I stood at the head of the poop ladder, turning a slow , eye upon the sea and over the people -upon the poop. I did not see Belle, nor did I hear her. I was to be on deck from eight till midnight, which is called the first watch, and I wondered if I should have an opportunity to enjoy a sweet, secret conversation with the pet of my heart, down In some shadow painted1 by a sail, when Cap tain Bowser had gone below for a glass of grog,_ and when Mr. Pinch had strolled aft, as his habit was wheri the skipper left the deck. The glory of the moon lay In a groat stroke of light upon the sea, und whilst I was admiring this beautiful picture of the ocean, full of slumber, and the peace which passes all understanding — for the. like of It is not to be felt ashore, no, not in the stillest night, and iri tho deepest heart of country— I suddenly noticed a black shadow moving across the breathless wake of the luminary. I thought at first It wus a boat; but It con tinued to measure the span of. that bed of splendid light, and as no boat could have done anything of the sort T Was greatly startled, and stared amain. For could It be — — ' A lo'ud voice rang through the ship from the forecastle, ' "There's something a-swlmmlng across the light of the moon In the water." Then In a breath you hoard all sorts of cries. "Good gracious! I see It!" "What on earth can It be, captain?" "Oh, Captain Lepper, quick .with that binocular glass, If you please." The whole poopful came to the rall close beside where I was standing. "I have lived to jee It .at last!" said Mr- Cox.: : . . .. "What Is It?" asked the hot-tempered Mr. Johnson. "What Is it?" cried Cox, with contempt. "Shall I call It a moving hog? What is It but the great sea-serpent!" The black length of It was stemming out of the wake of the moon, and when It was clear oC the ley edge of the stroke of glory in tlie sen It was as visible ris before, und -we traced It In Its length of dye upon the; ashen sur- fuee. "It shows a head as big as a cask," said Mr. Pinch, who was working away through a telescope. "I am now going Jo believe in the sea serpent." "That's no sen serpent," said Mr. Goring, contemptuously; "You'll find It is a lln" " trees in the grip of a current, and what ,Mr. Pinch takes to be a head Is nothing bhLja trunk." . . Nobody laughed at this jolce. He was an unseasonable little man, always thrusting in wi thout regard to tune, time, or keeping, and he war, irritating, becaus.e He very oftep saul what was true. ' "What are you all looking at?" here buret In Mrs. Trevor. ' "At the great sea-snake, the wonder of tht world!" cried Captain Lepper. "Where— where? Point— point, that I may see It!" she squealed. "Is it approaching the ship, captain? Are we in danger?' "I believe Mr. Goring Is right. There will be no need, Mr. Pinch, to log it," said Captain Bowser. We strained our eyes, but the shadowy ob ject was fast dissolving In the darkness that deepened upon the sea the further the water swept away from the column of moonlight. Old Bowser, afraid perhaps of Mrs. Trevor, went aft. .Pinch and the rest stood ' Staring and arguing: ' "Do you mean to tell me" said the mate, "that any surface current which .does not cause a ripple in the surface -there Is going to enrry that, thing out of sight at that rate if It were dead trees?" "Yes," said Mr. Goring, with an aggravat ing simper which the moon fully exposed. "A three knot current would do It." "You'd see the streak of the stream In the reflection of the moon. Didn't you hear the man tell vou that?" exclaimed Mrs. Trevor. "I've lived eighty-five years without a. sea- serpent,- and I'm not to he imposed on now." and she screeched a fdw notes of laughter, and shook her head at us. Pinch crossed the deck, und now Belle came out of the cabin, and seeing a 'crowd ap proached us. I told her what we had seen, and what we were still trying to see, and she slipped her hand Into mine, and laughed at me. "You may believe in ghosts, but not iri tno sea-serpent, Walter," said she. "Everybody on deck saw it; it was a long, black line, with a head like -a. cask; It ra pidly crossed the light of the riioon; and was therefore in motion, Belle." "No, no." said she, laughing, "do not be lieve in such things, or In the mermaid." Meanwhile 'a group of passengers hard by were arguing hotly on the same subject. '.'Look down there," said I to Belle, point ing over the side. "What Is the depth of the water here?' Something beyond Imagination. If the grave keeps Its secrets, don't you think tlvat the ocean does? There Is a life at the bottom ot the sea, which never will be Dis covered by man, creatures as frightful and huge as the monsters which are conjectured into terrilylng pictures of nature ' in pre- Adamlte times by naturalists out of a single mammoth bone. I am not. going to say that what we saw was the sea-serpent, but, de pend upon it, something answering to what landsmen consider a myth has hod and- still has being, and I hope the day may come when the land-lubbers, gazing at the mighty skin which slhould measure the altitude of St. Paul's Cathedral, will confess, no mat ter how reluctantly, Belle, that the sailors aren't such blooming liars after all." "Snakes big or little are not good enough to talk about," said Belle, "What a heavenly night! We are not moving. I expect our voyage will be a long one." I noticed while she spoke slie constantly sent her gaze In the: direction of Captain Bowser, wno was walking a little space of the poiqL alone. Her face \Vas as fair us ivory, In the moon; so clear was the light, I could mark each play ot expression in her mouth, and her eyes, each with a diamond of moonlight In their violet depths, Bpoke 'to me, and caressed me, and looked love. Never deeper Is the magic of a woman's eyes than In moonlight. "Mr. Longshore," called Mr. Pinch from the other side of the deck. I Instantly went to him, but. Belle accom panied me, and before he could speak she ex claimed: "I knot? what you want; 'you desire to break up our happy little conversation on a beautiful night. It is ridiculous, Mr. Pinch, that the officers of a ship should not enjoy the privileges of passengers. What do you want him for? There is nothing to do, there Is no need to turn the yards or brace -them about, as you call it. There Is no air."' "I wish there was," said Mr. Pinch, In a voice of lazy astonishment, surveying her as though at a loss. '"It Is Mr. Longmore's watch on deck. How is the duty of a ship to be carried on If young ladles accompany those who are called, and prohibit them from: receiving Instructions?" "What Instructions can you give on so heavenly a night?" she cried. "I presume such trilling maters as the side lights and the binnacle lamps ure of no im portance," said the mate, folding his arms, whilst I, Inwardly shaking with - laughter, dreaded some violent and dangerous expres sion of my mirth every minute.-' , . "You should save your oil when you hove such a lovely moon to light you by," said Belle. ."And now," she added," very coolly,; "you must really . dispense with Mr. Long more's services for a time, as we are going, aft to converse with the captain whilst.he is; alone. Come along, Walter." She held me by the hand. The start I gave could not have escaped Mr. Pinch. ; , "What do you want to say to the captain, Belle?" I asked. : "it must be settled, and it shall be settled," she 'answered in a tone of decision. . " It Is too bad, Mr. Pinch, knowing us you do that Walter and I are engaged to be married, and will be married after our'urlrval In Sydney, that you never should lose an opportunity to Intrude upon our conversation when lie Is keeping his watch 611 deck." "If that's whnt you're going to growl about to the captain, Miss Stuart," answered the mate, with a surly laugh, "I shall be glad to hear what Ills answer Is." "All this Is very irregular, Belle— really, my dearest," I stuttered, for I could see that Pinch was beginning to lose his temper. He did not like me to stand by and hear Miss Stuart talking to him with a frankness he would not understand; on the other hand, she was a passenger, and he must be civil, and very careful In the management of Iris cour tesies, not to her only, but to them all, be cause it was not a tradition. It was a fact, that a single complaint lodged against a mate by a passenger sufficed to ruin lrim pro fessionally. . _ . "Come along, Walter," said "Go with her, sir," exclaimed the mate. (to be continued) 