N'lMPO&TE.; By J.0.3. . The wonders of science become bewildering. A lady travelling by rail misBed her favourite pug at a certain station. The obliging station-master j telephoned to the preceding stopping-place and j was told in reply that a strange pup of excep- . tional unattractiveness had been found snapping I at everybody on the platform and was at present j whining' in the parcel office. Then the lady spoke i through tke instrument and the distant receiver j was placed to the lost dog's ear. No sooner did j Via Tiaqv* liia nomA 'ninrrPriAO in ffiA OTpll-lrnnWTl I voice of his disconsolate mistress than he wagged | his tail, barked back a recognition, and trie 1 to | get into the cup. No further identification was | necessary. The lady recovered her pet, and now 1 he never passes a telephone without endeavouring | to send a message. | * * * * | At the recent cricket match between the Mel- f bourne and Adelaide deaf mutes several deaf | aud dumb mothers, accompanied by their babies, | came to witness the play. One of the poor women | explained on her fingers that the children never j cried. The little ones at first tried it on, but finding that no heed was 'paid to their cries, that their mothers, in fact, were not aware that any thing was wrong, they simply bawled themselves out, and after a few similar trials gave the affair nn aB flvin? in the face of Providence. Small wonder that there's such a run upon female deaf mutes for wives. The man who has not only a dumb wife but silent children possesses more than his fair share of potential happiness. * * * * The mention of cricket reminds me. After the late struggle, New South Wales v. Victoria, when our boys, unlike the SpartanB, neither brought their shields home nor returned on them, various easons were advanced for the debacle. Without entering into the causes of the collapse, one singu lar incident may be mentioned. Noble, at point, found the sun in his eyes, although its place in the heavens was behind him. Captain Gregory pooh-poohed the affair till others also drew his at tention to the strange phenomenon. Then it was found that the nickel handles of a bicycle blinded the fielders with fugitive rays. This is set down as the most extraordinary thing that ever hap pened on a cricket ground. But a still more singular occurrence comes from India, where Tommy Atkins and Jack Tar had a recent bout at bat and ball. A ship's corporal skied a ball and a corporal of the Gordon Highlanders was there to catch it. He missed and fell to the ground, his helmet shoved over his ears. He thought an Af ghan had hit him with a tulwah. On arising and retiring, from his hat he found the ball on top. It had lodged on the spike and stuck there. The catch waB given in his favour. Can Australian cricketing annals with their poor nickel handleB match that P The severity of the blow given by the Indian ball can best be gauged by the fact that it nearly broke a Scotchman's head. * * * # In a recent sonnet by a talented poetess the last line is A 'flight of penguins 'gainst the sky. Apart from the rhythmic ripple of the line, the statement throws a fresh light on the natural his tory of these much misunderstood birds. It is only necessary to visit the Sydney Museum in Col lege-street and study a stuffed penguin in order to admit that the creature which could fly with such flippers must have a deal of intelligence and perseverance. * * * * ^ In South Australia a country Mayoress an nounces in the local papers that she will not be ' at home ' for some weeks. Something must ultimately be done to chect this growing custom among society's leaders of leaving their homes for considerable periods, fit is scarcely fair to the do mesticated portion of the community or to fa shionable circles that their natural heads should be so frequently off. There is too great a ten dency among people in high positions to deprive the public of their services at inopportune times. Years ago in western New South Wales this ten dency to shirk their duties — it is necessary to speak out when the interests of the community are jeopardised — was noticeable among the beau monde. In one Darling town where the black smith was Mayor, the lady Mayoress was always from home when important social functions re quired attention. For a long time no one grumbled, aB the lady often helped her husband with a sledge, and could hit hard. A new editor, however, ventured to complain in his journal ; his appearance the morning after her return was not reassuring. It is supererogatory to add that when next she was not ' at home ' the paper preserved a studied reserve. * * 0 m None of the post-mortem torments so dear to the Puritan divines of tha ( seventeenth century and to the Salvationists of -day will fit the ww* of the man that invented trie kodak. In Sydney at present it is impossible to turn a corner or loiter on a side-walk without striking a zone of kodak fire and coming out in an attitude but one remove from the grotesque. ' Can that be me ? ' (anger is above grammar) you say on seeing in an illus trated paper a disreputable-looking person either straddled on a toepath or with one foot in the air, as if walking for a wager. ' It's a fine day, let's go and take something,' is the modern read ing of the old saw. And the worst of it is, these bandits always take you when you're least prepared — when you're chasing your hat or stooping to pick up a postage- stamp. The human frame is not alwayB posed ., to advantage in the public thoroughfares, and it would take a Brummel f-- carry off some of the positions a person is forced to assume in a short walk in the .cets. There is slender hope for ? Parliamentary redress until some day a prominent M.P. is taken leaning against a lamp-post with his hat on one side. Then a stringent anti- kodak law will be passed at one sitting. * * « * A new sect, or rather the branch of an Ameri can one, has been established in Australia. The chief dogma enforces the necessity for washing your neighbours' feet, a sanitary and, occasionally necessary measure. As If to show the innate perveraeness of human nature, there's already a split among the sectaries. The Yankees wash both feet, while the Australians insist that , one alone is necessary in order that the scriptural in junction might be fulfilled. Indeed, the antipo deans threaten to create a schism if the larger contract is insisted upon. Some of these strange nonconformists were pointed out to me in Redfern the other day, and on observing their feet the con clusion was forced upon me that the washing of one should satisfy all requirements. But troublous times are ahead. One of these days an Austra lian convert will find scriptural authority for a single toe. Then the question will naturally arise, which one ? Considering there are five on each foot, and that some persons are even born with, six, I cannot regard the future of this new faith, without misgiving. * * * * Between Albuiy and its cemetery there are seats where the old sit and think of the past, the young of the future. One of the benches was wantonly destroyed a few nights ago by some of those mis chievous idiots whose existence prompts the sceptic to deny the existence of Omnipotence. And now the ' Border Post ' demands that the Mayor offer a reward ' for the apprehension of the miscreant.' Had there been seats near the Eaama cemetery, and that one was wreoked, there would have been no difficulty in fixing on the cul prit. Tbe ' ghost ' would certainly have had a hand in the business. There's nothing a spook objects to as the being interrupted by old people and lovers when he wants to sit up himself. May not Albury also have a mischievous apparition ? She is said to have the ghost of a chance to the federal capital. 