Pidi & Poinl. Thunder, lightning, rain, and slight .I frdst during the past week. , ;It is expected the rain will do good service to the wheat crops. : Many wheatfields in the district, although apparently healthy, on .examination have proved to be entirely without pram.. . .. This is remarkably phenomenal, and quite puz2ing to everyone -engaged in farming puriuitd here. - ; At first it was thought the -recent frost was the cause, but the theorv now is that it is a- - new kind of blight. ; . . - . Ir is a very great misfortune, indeed; and will mean heavy loss to a highly deserving class/ —a class of operatives who have more tnan enough to contend with as a rule. . a vast amount of traffic through town, chiefly wool, .every day this week. This part of our railway sj-stcm ought to pay. The railway magnates ought to try their hand at framimr: another timetab1e between- faimvotrh and Manilla. The present one is absurd. - : Beyond the fact that people, "can now make the journey about an hour sooner., than when the coach travelled, there is- no other advan tage There should be no lack of hay in this district shortly, as many farmers have nnfortu-.. natelv been compelled to cut down t heir wheat crops for that purpose. .- . : Senior-Constable JSewoll reports a large number of dogs , having been registered in the district. There are still numerous unlicensed pets gyrating about. A MEETING of members of. the Me chanics Institute accepted the plans for the new bolL -The design is elaborate and thoroughly up-to-date. - It only awaits the Minister s approval. The news that war was at lost in evidence in the Transvaal caused a flutter of excite ment in this town, and the Exrass ' Extraordinary'- - was much sought after. Opinions are divided as to England's right to interfere in the Transvaal— even Englishmen expressing doubt. But when it is considered that our countrymen have been tabooed and insulted, their wives and children treated like cattle— when it is known that slavery is rampant there— it is tune some change was insisted upon. > There has been a good deal of sen timent about robbing the Boer, but the Boer is the thief,- not the victim. ...: Tuesday was almost winter-like in temperature, and a high .westerly wind- prevailed throughout.. We notice that a deal of land has lately Deen. taken up tor dredging purposes. The Mines Department should bear in mind that it is rob bing the alluvial miner of his rights. Mr. -J. Elliott finished the work of laying down the concrete wicket for the local 0.0. on Tuesday, and to all appearances has made a capital job of it. It is 53ft x 6ft, and is boarded all round. Now that the Recreation Reserve is likely to be a spot where people will rendezous, it may .be as well for the numerous cattle therein to And some other pastures. Besides making a mess of the ground they are a positive nuisance when women and chil dren are about. There is a great run on building material just now. Three brick kilns are hard at it, and the Victoria Saw Mill can scarcely cope with the demand for timber. Has post- office lamp question died a natural death i If so, it is time some leading :spint revived it. This is evidently one of the im- provenicnts.tbat are a long, time m process of mcuba tion. But it will hatch some day for certain, although -it was only dread of Mr. Wilshircs stilts becoming popular that brougfiFi"the gravel -to the post-oflice. Fancy Mr. M. Dupran on stilts ! The services at Holy Trinity Church last Sunday were well attended. The collections m aid of the Church Extension Fund amounted to £1 4s. So-far, we only know of one or two Manilla residents volnntecnng for the Transvaal, and yet at tunes there seems an awful lot of war lurking in the eyes of a far larger number. TnE Band Committee will meet at 8o'clock to-night for drawingup rules for the working of the internal affairs of the baud. - The exhibits at the Industrial Exhi bition are not so numerous as'lvc hoped they would have been. , .- The Glen Innes people deserve to get-that railway to Grafton, if onlv for the sake of. their patriotism. One good battle in the Transvaal will fairly upset the neat little town of the Tabletop. . It is alleged that many of the Tam worth volunteers who never mis9ed the Encampment burlesque, cannot be found anywhere now. Rumor says they aic walking round the world. Mr. T. O'Brien intends including the wor<c of wheewnght and coachbuuder m his bu-ii- ness, and is making extensive arrangements for -that purpose. . >. . People of all denominations who have loved ones resting in the local cemetery: should take steps to remove the prolific unsightly under growth there. Nothing more is heard of the: effort. to establish a P. and a. Society m this town. With so much pastoral and agricultural wealth surround ing us, it is remarkable some steps are not taken to- found a society of the kind referred to. xmiuounu XJ.UUUU1UU, ivuiLll closes this evenm'% is, perhaps, a move in that direc tion, for although not half the interest was taken in this pleasant- gathering, there is good evidence that with larger combined effort a P. and A. Society would flourish here. TnE local band played at the open ing of the Industrial Exhibition, and helped to enliven the proceedings. Owing to the arrival of numerous wool teams at the railway station, the officials were kept working till a late hour on Tuesday night. Bishop Torreggiani, who is taking a large interest in his church affairs here, conducted service in Manilla last Sunday. The periodical fire has bobbed serenely- up once more in Tamworth. Tamworth, without its occasional flair up, would l>e about as badly off as the play of " Hamlet minus the ghost scene. - The wreath of laurel with which the public now crown Tamworth is that it -is a splendid place for police, court nows— in fact, the most fertile spot on earth, while, as a mart for fires, its record re quires a tremendous lot to bent. Our Barraba neighbors, .although tolerably well off for fires, need never hope to carry off the 1-elt when flames are about, although, to be sure, they have done very well so far. If they really wish to become famous a good plan would be to get up a thrilling ghost scare. " The Uoblm of the Bridge, would he an excellent title, and northern writers are sutllcientlv versatile to build up a dciioeumeiit that would command world wide fame. The thing is worth trvlng. One of our. tonso ial kuiglits, who combines, the ice-cream business with his trade; was -induced last.wcek, owing to the intense heat, to send south lorsome ice. Very soon aftcr,: the glass gotdown to somewhere near Zero, and he had to countermand the order. This will show how uncertain most matters . jog along here. . The news of the Boer war had a ver perceptible effect on several strangerswho cauie to town during.thc week. They engaged in battle with one ." Jimmy Henessy,' or sotnc other seductive pur veyor. Of course, they were badly beaten, and the local ambulance, under Picket Hammond, had to carrv tnem off tne field, it is said they mil next try and storm iheltoyal citidal. The rapid change from hot to cold weather has introduced several cases of influenza to this place, and it H difficult now for a person to ad- dross one without first almost jerking, his his head off in a paroxj.m of sneezing. The articulation is also faulty, for we find the farmer now saving, " How d jergropr Itsvery painful, all the same. Prize conundrum: " What is the difference between a Tamworth volunteer and Oom Paui? Here we go: One is drilled and the other Boord. The Tentei field volunteers did not like to. he told they were afraid to face old Oom Paul so several of them now threaten to rush over and bring his acalp thuway. Jtw ouiq make a very fine floor mat for their Council Chambers, and inspire the alderman to sharpen their .tu&kg; to save their civic bacon. There is no heavy team traffic be tween Tamworth an-J Manilla now. It has all been trau.Jerrcci to the road between tins town and Bar raba. Mr. David Beynon is engasred lay ing the stone foundations of Mr. G. M. Oliphanfs new- hotel. Jlr. Beyon has, we believe, placed the founda- tionsof most of the main buildings here, and they Re main as intact as the day th-y were set This column will be incomplote if a icfeience t. not inade to our accounts, which we hope \ v.illbe duly accounted for.-Exriiras iidvt. P ' 