when life is young. (BY SILAS K. HOOKING.) CHAPTER XX.— THE SECRET OP THE AIILLi. "Is R tlio complaining wind I hoar? Or do the spirits of the dead hold converse?" It was quite dark by the time the Major, John Sugdon, and Duncan, the reporter, reached Church Bottom. The old mill stood out against lie still darker background weird and spectral. The chill March wind mouncd and sighed through the leaf less trees, aud made ghostly noises In the de serted rooms of the forsaken .factory. For soveral seconds the three men paused and listened, but the voice of the night wind was tho only sound they heard. Then John Sugdeu called several times: "Is anyone here?" But no answer came out of tho darkness; the place was as' silent and deserted as a gravoyaril. "I'm afraid we've come on a fool's errand," tho Major said brusquely. "What the dlokens could anybody want in a piace liko this?" "Anyhow, wo muy as well mnko a search now wo aro here," John Siigden answered. "Exactly." And the Major mounted tho stops to the door, John and Duncan quickly followed, and in a few minutes had lighted their lauierns aud com menced tliolr search. - >, It was not a largo mill, and In a quarter of an hour tliey had explored every nook and corner of it. Then thoy went outside and made a circuit of tho walls, and swung tliolr lanterns -into every corner and recess, and looked Into every pit, and pushed their sticks Into every bank of rubbish. "If tills place lias never been haunted before It Is haunted now," said the Major with a dry laugh. "But I, for ono, have liad enough of ghost- baiting. 1 proposo wo return." "We might as well," John Sugden aiiBwored somewhat hesitatingly. "It's disappointing to discover nothing," said Ilia reporter. "We've discovered plonty of bats and owls," said tlio Major gruffly, "and If wo stay here much longer wo shall discover we've got colds." "I dare say you feel the Cold, coming from a hotter cllnrato," said John. "The place is as eroepy as a churchyard," was tie quick replj', "and I foel soinohow like a smplcton, poking round hero in the dark with a lantern." . ; "Then wo had better put our lights out and ro.urn," John answered. - rhey wero standing at tlio foot of tho steps leading to tho old engine-room during this, con versation. John had opened his lantern door for the pur- pos: of putting his light out, when a low, long- ilravn moan fell upon his car, hut so faint and indstlnct that it might have been only tho whls- . prrlig of the wind. . Wthout saying anything to his companions, ho clos(d ilia lantern door .quickly, and ran lightly up the kepB, and, pausing on the threshold, ho 11s- tenei intently for soveral seconds. "Ifs all nothing," lie said to himself at length, "or aily the wind moaning round this forsaken old filacq" and ho turned for tho purpose of retracing his s|ops. ' . "At, there It Is again!" And ho faced round onco 'more, and held, the lantorn so that its light ralght penetrate the darkness of the room. "Well, what's up now?" called the Major from tho foot of the steps. "I fancied I heard a sound something like a m>an,'.' John answered, "but I can see nothing," HVo looked all round that room, didn't .we?" th| Major asltod, a llttlo Irritably. 'JVo did, but " And John stepped over the tlu-|sliol(l, and disappeared from the view of Ills conpaulons. "Vo shall havo a second mysterious dlsap- poasinco soon if wo don't mind .what we are abo|t," grunted tho Major. "'ihe chief don't usually act without a reason," sakllDuncan, and he also ran up tho stops and disaipoarcd. Th| Major,; left alono, quickly followed the otlieis, though ho. did it with much Inward ro- luetaice. He had been ready enough to start on the ctpodltlon, hut directly lie had oxamlned tho placo ho concluded that they had come on a fool's errant. He asked himself what, could lnduco Ills lioplio'v or gnyono elso to come to a placo like that. Therojwas nothing to attract, and as far as ho could :co there was no place In which to hide. "Will?" ho oxclnimod In a loud voice, stepping ovor t|o threshold and joining his companions. But nethor of them implied; tlioy wero busy lift ing a ioavy trap-door that guarded the' entrance to Doiqlas Wyburn's prison. But, of course, neither jenew It them. "Well?" the Major ques tioned rgaln. "I'm anxious to soo what Is In this cellar, that's all," Jol.ii answered quietly. . "Is tbpro a room underneath?" he asked quickly, ind with Interest. A minute later the vault beneath was rovcalod. and tho Uireo men stood round tho opening and listened. "Is anyine hero?" John quostlotied again; but no answei enmo out of the darkness.. "Hist!" said the Major a moment' later, "I heard something." "I'vo huu'd somotlilng several times," snld John, "but I cannot make out what It can be." Duncan hiy down on his stomach, with his head over the opening, and listened. "By Heaven!" ho exclaimed, "I believe thoro Is something (own thoro. Tho air Is warm and Bluffy." John Sugden instantly followed suit on tho op posite side, anil hold his lantern as low as his arm would lcacli. 1 "I'm certain there's something down hero," Duncan said again. "God!" boko out tho Major suddenly, "that was a groan, and I ought to know — I'vo heard enough In my .time." By this time tho threa men wero in a tremor of excitement. "Wo can da nothing without a ladder," John said. "And wo shall neod moro holp," tho Major added. Tlio cabman was waiting two flclds awny. Dun- ran at mice sprang to Ills febt, ran down the ateps, nud plunged Into tho darkness. John and the Major went to the door and wailed. Tliey called sovorul times into tho col lar, but no answer enmo, though every few minutes a low, faint moan pulsed feebly through tho silence. "Whoever U mny be," said tho Major, after a pause, "thoro'u been foul play." "It looks like It, certainly," was tho answer. "Looks like It! Why, there's no other ex planation possible. A man could not drop him self Into that hole and then closo tho door abovo his head. lie might a» well stand in u tub and try to lift himself." "Of course, someone mny linvo covered up tho month to prevent accidents, not knowing that anyone liaii fallen In." "Too remote a possibility, Mr. Editor, to ho entertained for a moment." gruntod tho Major. John Sugden wns in no mood to argue the question, so ho (lid not reply. IIo had no doubt tent pleuty of evldcnco would bo forthcoming later on. In tlio mean-while, they would linvo to wult Willi as much pntlenco as tliey could com mand. What ho feared most was that help would como too Into. Whoever might bo In tho dungeon beneath them, one thing was clour: that ho or alio was nlmost at tho lust gasp. After what seemed an unconscionably long pe riod the rattle of a cub was heard In tlio dlalunce, and a llttlo later tho sound of hurrying feet. "They'ro coming nt kiBt," the Major grunted; "ami none too soon either. I frankly confess I'm not only curious, hut I'm getting anxious." "I'vo boon anxious from the first," John an- Bwcred quietly. Ten minutes later tho old englnc-houso was half full of people. "Too mnny folks by half," tho Mnjnr muttered under Ills breath. "They're In each other's way, and Instead of being a help, they'ro a hindrance," lie was standing close to tho opening of tho cellar, watching the men descend tlio ladder. A pinmcnt of Intense anxiety followed. Tho sumo question wub on everybody's lip, though no ono spoke. The' answor came almost boforo anyono expected it: "Aye; It's he. sale enough." The Major gavo a little gasp. "Is ho living?" ho questioned huskily. - "Don't know," was the answer. And there wns no tlmo Just thou for any further questions. A few minutes later strong hands hail carried Douglas into tho frosh air, by which tlmo a doc tor had arrived on tho scene, who at onco took cliargd of him. . lie appeared to be In a stato of coma, and thf doctor would glvo no opinion as to tho proou- billty or otherwise of hiB recovery. The Major gavo orders that ho should be taken at onco to tho Station Hotel, and on arrival there a telegram, was. dispatched to the Major's own doctor, urging him to come to Deoplng by the next train. ' The next morning a special edition of tho ."Ob server" appeared, giving a full and particular ac count .of tho bvonts .of tho previous day, begin ning with tho gay sceno in tho beautifully-deco rated church of St. Mary, and eddtng with tho finding of Douglas Wyburn in a grimy cellar of Dlggles Mill, Never wore events so discussed and commented upon in Deoplng before. The wholo town appeared to ho in a fever of exolte- ment. In mills and warehouses and shops nothing pise was talked about. Somo imagina tive people professed to seo a close connection be tween tho two events; and oven, those who had no imagination at all admitted that "things looked funny." : Meanwhile, Douglas had rapidly recovered. The old, Major had kept strict watch over him, and would permit no ono to see, him but his own doc tor; and directly he was ablo to bo removed a saloon carriage was engaged, and ho was whisked away to London. The reportdrs and scandal- mongers of Deeping looked terribly , chagrined when they discovered that the bird hail flown. For days they had been dying to havo the secret of tho old mill cleared up— to be put In possession of the oluo to tho greatest mystery Deeping had ovor known— and lo! the only man who could throw light on the question had suddenly and unexpectedly left tho place, and no ono know where, ho had gone to beyond -the. fact that the Major had taken tickets to St. Fancras. : Douglas was amazed, when ho recovered con sciousness, to And his uncle by his side. At flrst ho did not recognise him, for over seven years had elapsed since they had met before. And when ho did recognise him ' ho was consumed with curiosity to know what, had brought him to Deeping. The Major kept tho news of his father's death from him for a good many days. "It was entirely on your account. I enme," tho Major said. "I saw a paragraph In tho 'Times' about your strange disappearance — that is, about tho strange disappearance of a Deoplng reporter of tho name of Wyburn, and so I came right away to mako sure. I knew your mother would bo terribly anxious If she got hold of tho report " "I don't think she would," Douglas Interrupted. ' "But I know better,", persisted the Major. '"She has her human, as well as her religious, side." "Her rollglous side, at any rate, is not human," Douglas said grimly. : "Oh, I don't know. She's a good woman — a remarkably good woman. But how did you get Into that old mill?" "I'd rather not talk about that now," Douglas answered, closing his eyes; "somo other time, when I feel a bit stronger." "As you will, my boy. But it was a near squeak tor you." . "Yes, yes. Let mo see. This Is Thursday night, isn't It?" . "Nay, this Is Friday night." "Friday night? Yes, of course. Tho wedding was yesterday morning. Did you hear anything about it, undo? It came off all right, I sup pose? I was to report it, you know." And a pained, eager look stole over his lace and lingered in his oyes. "Oh, yes. There were great ca'rrylngs-on hero yesterday. ' But I did not arrlvo till after the ceremony was over; so I did not seo the happy pair. Soems to havo been qulto the event ol tho season In Deeping. But I did not pay. much attention to the matter; I was too anxious about you." "Yes, I quite understand," and Douglas closed his eyes. ' Ho did not feel particularly thankful that ho was alive. Ho had lovod Floss Gresham, and had tried to save her; but his lovo had been unrequited, and his offort had ended In failure.' "To think she should he tho wife of that scoun drel — tho wife— tho wifo " And ho ground his teeth In Impotent, mflsery. Tho Major broke in upon his bitter reflections with the question, "When do you think we shall bo ablo to get away, from this placo, my boy?" "Any tlmo, unclo," ho answered, looking up with sudden lntorest. "Tho sooner the better." "I can got a saloon carrlago round from Tux- bury almost any time." , "I'll go to-night, if you like:" "No, no, not to-nlgbt; but wo might arrange to bo off by the 11.50 trnlu to-morrow." "That will do, unolo," and ho closed his eyos again. Ho felt, that ho ndver wanted to show his face again In Deoplng— never wanted to boo It or hear of it. Ho had been duped, Insulted, dis appointed, and, abovo all, had played the fool so egroglously that ho was Impatient to get out or tho place — to hide from' tho curious eyos of the pooplo and bo forgotten. So It came about that when the reporters called tho next afternoon ho was gono. (To bo Continued.) 