DAMARIS. He had just moved into his new lodg ings and had endeavored to make the bare, cheerless room a little more home- like, but, though the photographs were scattered about, his pipe-rack nailed over the mantel shelf, surmounted by a neat and effective border of unpaid bills, sundry writs and County Court notices, he was yet unsatisfied with the general effect. Of course, there was a vast difference between the luxurious quarters in Mur ray Hill, which he had just vacated, and these small, stifling rooms with their horsehair furniture, but he was some what of a philosopher, and his motto was to go with the tide. This time, however, the current had been too strong, and he found himself ' at last stranded, with an allowance of L200 a year, the last remnant of the handsome fortune that had once been his. The fault was entirely his own. He frankly admitted it, though most men would have laid the blame on the woman who was the primary cause of it all, but he did not condemn her. He .lso had heen to blame. She was poor, nd be had made love to her under false colors — had led her to believe he was a poor Government clerk at a sal ary of L150 a year. His object at first had heen purely for his own amusement, but she was not the kind of woman fit ted to be a man's plaything, and the game had ended in deadly earnest. Therefore, it was with some trepida tion that he had written, confessing that which he had concealed from her. He was scarcely prepared, however, for the curt reply that cami; "I am going away to-day. Good-bye." Mechanically he opened the drawer of the writing table at which he stood. It was full of papers and little womanly trifles, evidently the property of the for mer occupant of the room. Unconscious ly he commenced to read the paper in his hand— the writing was blurred and ir regular, as though written by some one in ill-health: "Dear, why do I think of you to-day? It seems as though you must be near, or is it because it is spring time and my room is full of yellow daffodils. I am writing a letter to you, one that you will never receive — for all I know you may be dead, or, even married. It does not seem so long since we. met, though I know it is years ago. I wonder if you would be glad to know that I to-day am thinking of you; that out of the desolate gray comes a vague, sweet dream that brings you near to me. To-morrow it will be winter again— winter in my heart — and I shall tear up this letter; but to-day the dreariness has faded. There is no touch of scorn to freeze my heart, no kisses cold as death to chill my lips — no silence that aches round me with its worldless pain I hear the whis per of spring that breathes of hope; I feel the touch of clinging hands — your hair against my cheek. Dear, whom I might not know were I to meet you now, do you doubt my love, that you let me go out of your life without a word or a sign that you cared " Here the writing terminated abruptly. The reader .stood as in a dream, staring straight before him into the dingy street. Her handwriting! It was as though a ghost had risen to confront hlmr A knock at the door aroused him from Ids stupor, and the landlady bustled In with the tea tray; her quick eyes caught sight of the open drawer. : "Good laws," I meant to clear that out, sir!" she ex claimed, "but the poor young lady being " itwfljLsD suddenlike clear drove it vioirt.orinyl»ead" '- =._ ' - "rB_js she- dead?" he faltered. A dead ly fear had taken possession of him; his ' face paled to ashen hue. . ' /'Lor', no, leastaways not yet," said the good woman, cheerfully: "I went to see her last week at the 'orspital, hut, the doctor don't give any htjpe of her gettin' better." - .-As she spoke she swept the. contents of the drawer into her apron, and he winced at the sight— to him it seemed iike dese cration, and his hand closed convulsively on the letter he held. "Which hospital was she taken to?" he asked, "steadying his voice with an ef fort. "The one .just -around in the square, sir," answered the woman. : Then," , in hurried apology: "you'll be wantin" youf tea, sir; you' look tired." _ t .As -the. door closed on. her portly, form he dropped his head in- his hands. "Good" Cod'" he groaned, "a whole week has r-a seed;. she, may foe. dead." It was visiting day at the hospital; (he tvard, was -bright- with spring flowers, and brighter faces lit up by tliat pathe tic, wistful 'expectancy characteristic of the sick. There was an eager hum of yoiees, .too,- hushed occasionally by an admonishing word from the nurse in charge. In the same ward, railed off by a curtained' screen from the other pa tients, lay a-girl as'.eep. No visitor ever came for her save the doctor, and some times the woman from where she had nr.ee lodged, but the nurse, in kindly sympathy, had placed a bowl of fresh daffodils where her tired eyes could see thorn on awakening. The doctor gave no ln jip of .the .patient's recovery, and so, with womaniy pity, she tried, to make the girl's last days as happy as possible. Before .the afternoon was half over, a gentleman called, and asked to see No. 20\. "She is not expected to live," said (he nurse, studying the white, anxious face before her. ; "Are you a friend? She has no relatives, I think." 'Yes— a friend. That is, I knew her years ago," he said, hesitatingly. "Per haps you had better break it to her first; it might startle her." As the nurse went back the girl opened her great brown eyes, her ears caught the sound of riierry. laughter , and her gaze wandered to the daffodils ; a longing look crept into her eyes. "Who brought me the flowers, nurse?", she asked in a kind of breathless wonder, and a sudden idea took possession of the nurse. "A gentleman; a friend who knew you years ago," she repliefl. A deep flush dyed the girl's white cheeks. "Is he here?" she said eagerly, and the white, wasted hands opened and closed convulsively. "Yes, dear, and if you'll promise not to excite yourself you shall see him for a few minutes," said the nurse, soothing ly, and forthwith ushered in the visi tor. With a stifled cry he fell on his knees by the bed. "Damai-is!" he said, and the girl touched his rough curls. "You have come back," she whispered, with half incredulous joy. The nurse dropped the curtain and left them together. "I knew you would come when I saw the daffodils," she went on, with a tre mor of eagerness. "Don't you remem ber, dear, how we met in the time of daffodils, and how happy we were?" He took the little trembling hands and kissed them passionately. #' You didn't receive my letter that I wrcae six years ago, asking you to marry me and telling how. I had deceived you," he said. "Did you deceive me? It doesn't mat ter," she smiled; "nothing matters now you have come back to me." He kissed the small white face. "You will get better, Damaris," he pleaded, "for my sake, sweetheart, though God knows I don't deserve it." She took his face in her two hands. " How could I die and leave you all alone?" she asked pathetically. Thus after many years they took up the severed thread of their lives,- and love, "who will not be denied," smotti- ed out the tangle, and wove in its stead his golden mesh.- -"Buffalo News." What progress does this little girl make in her sewing? asked the teacher, as she. stopped before the daughter .of a seafaring man, and noticed that the pupil had her thread hopelessly en tangled. About forty knots an hour, roguishly replied the girl, as she looked PP. . With some people the envy of the world Is <a sort of sauce they liked pour ed over their worldly belongings before' they can fully enjoy them, . 