From the conflict of opinion that has arisen since the latest outbreak of phyl loxera among Vietorian vineyards, it would almost be supposed that this dread pest is some new development concerning which everything had yet to bfe learnt. The fact is, however, that the knowledge, obtained by dint of hard earned experience, in con nection with this subject is of the most exact character, clearly defined, fully proven and demonstrated in every par- ticalar beyond the faintest shadow of a doubt. For this we are indobbed to France ; find our course is a simple one. It is to consider the experience that has been so dearly purchased by the French vine growers, and follow in the path that they have sa clearly marked out. The first fact that has to he accepted in its en tirety, without qualification, is that when ever phylloxera has established itself in any portion of a country, its ultimate spread throughout every part of tliat bountry is only a matter of time. It is slow out sure, and no amount of insec ticide or other remedial applica tions can prevent it from fullii- ling its mission, viz., the entire destruction of the vineyards. No. more striking proof of tiio impotent character of the so- called Department of Agriculture as it exists to-day in Victoria could be cited than the fact of its having continued to potter with alleged remedies during the many years that liavo elapsed 'since the disease first made its appearance in the colony ; while all the time it had been placed absolutely beyond, the region of doubt that one method, and one only, was efleotual, viz., replanting on resistant stofiks. The gigantic proportions of one oasit cuat Jrraucc accomplished in redeeming her wine indnstry by tbo resis tant stock method kcsiii to have been suf ficient to impress the authorities in every part of the wine producing world except those of Victoria. Not only was there an enormous money expenditure in volved, but the most careful scien tific investigation had to be made in what was then a completely new field of inquiry. The first great discovery was that tho American wild vine possessed a disease resisting stock, but it was after wards fonnd that, instead of having only ond or two species of this class of vine, the Vestern continont possessed altogether no fewer than eighteen species, and that oiily two of these, namely, Eiparia and Rnpestris, combined the disease resistant property, together with being otherwise suitable for vine grafting purposes. Here, however, came in another complication. Tho two species named luuuiL i,u liuiiiprise luauy uiucrciiD varieties, that varied considerably with respect to insufficient resisting quality, slowness of growth, unsuitahloness for grafting or transplanting and other causes, Then a slow and laborious process of selec tion among the varieties had to be under taken and oarofully carried out. Last of all enmo tho testing of the varieties with regard to their adaptation to the peculiar conditions of different localities— a most important work,, tho results of which, together with those of the whole of the operations briefly outlined in the foregoing, are now placed at our disposal as a certain and reliable guide. Then, again, wo have in the Californian experience evidence as to what must inevitably take place in the event of tho lessons from France being ignored. It is over 20 years since the disease first broke out in Victoria, and we aro still no nearer effective action than at the beginning. In California phylloxera did not make its appearance until long after It had been discovered in Victoria, but the Californians came to tho con clusion over eight years ago that replanting on resistant stocks was the only remedy. During the whole of that period replanting has been going on with rapidity, and will not be discon tinued until not one vinifera stock re mains. While, however, the Californians displayed commendable promptitude in adopting the resistant stock remedy, they made one gravo mistake that this colony will do woll to profit by. Finding that they must plant resisting stocks, they commenced with any kind of native Ame rican vine, some even considering, in a sort of patriotic way, that surely it was not necessary to go to France for vine stocks that originally wore produced in their own country. As tho result of this, however, much money was lost, time wasted, and disappointment met with in repeating the mistakes which the' French had made in process of ascer taining the trnth. Now the Californian stocks are all obtained from France, be cause they are guaranteed as tho right varioties for all purposes, including resis tant capacity, cleanness from disease, suit ability for different soils and adaptability for tho various classes of grapes that the vine growers in different localities rcqnire. It is noteworthy that the Depart ment of Agriculture here commits itself, among other hlundors, to the statement that resistant vines bring with them the phylloxera disease. Why does nob the department call into action its expert, M. Dubois, just brought out from France ? lie is a thoroughly trained authority from the right quarter, and would he able to inform his department that ; phylloxera does Hot come to anv Country upon resistant stocks that have heSn guaranteed by the authorities in France. Among other absurd assertions also is that about tiio fow thousands of stocks now in the colony being sufficient. What aro required nre large consignments, and those immediately, of sorts that have been proved in Fraiioe suitable to the vary, ing requirements of different districts of the colony. What we require to do here is to follow the Californian examplcf The Department of Agriculture thero entrusted the work to id officer who had qualified himself for the work by practical experience in Franco, and a course of study at Montpellief. Largo quantities of tho approved selected varieties were imported front, France, cultivated at experimental staiions, and distributed at cost price to the vine growers. This work is now being steadily proceeded with every year, including the distribution of printed reports dealing with ftli details of the system, together with tho names, habits and treatment of all tho approved selected varieties, and illus trated instructions as to tho graft ing and cultivation, as well as tho results of experience with regard to the varieties suitable for specific districts. Such is the work that lies be fore. this colony, if it would save itself from wholesale destruction of its valuable vine growing industry ; and the sooner that work is handed over to the charge of its competent official the better. The statesman who will improve the food habits of the Australian people should have his memory perpetuated by a statue. Some of our candid critics from the old world have done us the honor to proclaim far and wide that the art ef cookery is practically unknown beneath the Southern Grbss. Colonials arc said' never to dine, but only to feed. Another illustrious traveller, who preceded de Rougemont, published a magazine article wherein lie hazarded the statement that in the whole of Australia cookery was un derstood in only one pestaurant; but that paradise for the gourmand had twice been destroyed by fire. Dr. Moorliouse told an interviewer that the detestable cooking lie had to put up with in small up-country towns, when going upon his diocesan rounds, had largely influenced him in leaving our shores and trans lating himself to the see of Manchester. Indigestion has already taken root as a national malady; and this development is clearly traceable to our monotonous and unsuitable diet. The wholesale condemna tion of Australian chefs may lie unwar ranted: yet it is undeniable that the colo nist lias much hard living and bad cook ing to put up with. In country hotels the cuisine is remarkable only for its unimaginative and unappetising charac ter: while the culinary triumphs produced in the homes of the working class cause even the stoutest heart to quake. '''Aus- tralian cooks,- says one critic, ' have no ''invention. Their taste is blunt; they "have few resources. They want a whole "battcrie de cuisine to fry a whiting and "roast a fowl. Ask them what you shall "have for dinner and they haven't the "ghost Of a suggestion." This is the opinion of a foreigner, aiid since it only re lates to a domestic matter, we may fairiy assume it. is unbiassed and tree from the traditional dislike shared by all good Frenchmen of everything' appertaining to the public life and institutions of the sons of jierlidious Albion. Unhappily, too many of the gastronomic traditions of the pioneer days still cling to our kitchens — traditions of what the early settlers achieved on art endless course Of damper and boiled mutton. There is no class to whom domestic comfort is of so much importance as to those who earn their livelihood by hard labor. It is a wise step, therefore, on the part of tile" Government to revive tlie cook ery lessons iil State schools. Womdu are notoriously indifferent about dining; and, if left to her own inclinations, the average housewife would prefer to feast on tea and buns. Her male companion, however, is not so easily satisfied, and it is mainly in deference to his savage hunger that the female cultivates a bow ing acquaintance Willi the art of cookery. Yet eating is not an unimportant function. Indeed, tho high priest of gas tronomy has said that the fate of nations depends upon how they are fed. "Tell "me what you eat, and I will tell you "what you arc," says Brillat-Savarin. 'Hie limn and history of Europe would be dif- ferent from what- they are to-day had Na poleon dined well On the eve of the great battle of Loipsic. An ill-prepared dish of roast shoulder of mutton and onions mo mentarily clouded the brilliant intellect of tlic great warrior, arid a fit of indiges tion accomplished in a diiy what tho com bined armies of Europe had failed to achieve in a ten years' previous struggle. A large part of the drunkenness and domestic infelicity of this country is traceable to the miserably low standard of cookery: and much of the money now spent in the public house would be avail able for tho home if the helpmate of the bread winner were taught how to embel lish her own life, while at the same time She ministers to the comfort and happiness of husband and children. Closely associ ated with the cookery classes is the ques tion of providing instruction in other bran ches of household work; and, in the absence Of any properly organised private institu tion, for the training of inaid servants, it would not come amiss for the Minister of Public Instruction to open classes at which tlic senior girls attending State schools would be taught the elements of housekeeping. Many singular transactions in banking signalised the epoch bctSveen the collapse of the land boom and that of the banks; but it may be doubted whether the pecu liarities of that upon which it fell to Mr. Justice Hood's lot to let in the light of day on Friday Inst have hitherto been equalled. Not that the amount at stake was so vast — far from it; the sum with which the suit heard by his Honor had to do was not much over £400. The action in itself Was of the most commonplace Order — one man instituting proceedings against another to recover the value of a dishonored cheque. The point of interest about the affair lies in the procedure of the manager of the branch bank in the town whore the parties to the suit re- Sided. Shortly before tho City of Melbourne Bank closed its doors, in 1893, Mr. C. H. Tulloh, tlic manager of tho local branch in Maryborough, Would seem to have grown anxious about the accounts of cer tain customers which, Without authority from the head office, lie had allowed to be come overdrawn. A visit from the in spector was imminent; and, with the view of satisfying that official, he ac cepted a cheque for £290 12/10 from Mr. J. N. Clenry, promising the latter that tlie said Cheque should not be presented for payment or negotiated in any way, but merely held — to pass muster as cash dur ing tlie inspection— anil returned when the inspector's back was turned. So much we have on tlie defendant's own state ment; and few will dissent from the judge in characterising him as either a fool or a person willing to lend himself to assist tho manager to client tho inspector of thd bank. Had the matter ended tliore, how ever — had Tulloh stuck to his bargain nothing niorc would, in all likelihood, have been heard of it. The inspector would have gone aWny satisfied, as lie appears to have done; Cleary Would have got back What Mr, Justice Huod stigmatised as his "sham cheque," and all would have been well. Unluckily for himself, however, and still more unluckily for Cleary, Ttiiloii had becOiiie pecuniarily involved with one Mr. Elias Crnmeri, and, by way of extricating himself, lodged with hini Cleary's and certain other securities. Crnniori eventually presented the cheque for pay ment, and it was dishonored ; and he there fore brought tho action referred to against Cleary to recover tlie amount, with six years' interest added. We may remark thqt there is a discrepancy between the statements of plaintiff and defendant ns to the precise method in which tlie former became possessed of the Iattcr's cheque; but, its it does not touch tho main facts of the case, there is no need to discuss tlie divergence. It matters. not one jot, for instance, whether Tulloh owed Crameri money arid gave hint Cleary's cheque to satisfy his claim, or whether, as Crameri is reported to have staled, Tulloh gave him Cleary's cheque in exchange for one of his own. In either case Tulloh, on tlie evidence, was plainly guilty of trickery to his employers and of falsity to Cleary. He got the latter to help him in bolstering up a fictitious balance by a cheque of which no use was to be made : and he then played his confederate false liy passing cm the cheque, in defiance of his promise, to a third party. The learned judge had no difficulty, on this evidence, in giving judg ment for the full amount claimed, with costs: and tlic verdict of the general pub lic will endorse that decision as against Cleary, though, unhappily, it lets Tulloh go unscathed. One of tlie curious customs of tlie Chinese is to bury with their de ceased relatives a sum of money, presum ably to pay Charon's fee, nnd to enable them thoroughly to enjoy tlie delights of the Elysian Fields. But tlie euniiing Celes tials are too knowing to waste, good money in such a fashion. The taels interred with the corpse aro sham — mere bits of paper. The dead man cannot expostulate; the higher powers, perchance, will not know. Cleary's cheque, as originally drawn by him, seems to have been a document of similar sort; and if people are willing to lend themselves and their cheques to as sist others in deception, they need not be surprised if they burn their fingers in the operation. Stories hare from time to time been rife concerning the part that an iden tical bag of sovereigns -lias played in "strengthening tlie easli reserves" of seve ral banks in succession by the simple pro cess of being passed round to each in turn before its balancing day; but tlie time for such lax methods is now left behind. The Maryborough case is, in fact, a re minder of the shady operations which were once rife here, and which actually passed muster as legitimate banking. It comes to us as with a musty whiff of a bad old past; and tho lessons taught by that period of delirious excitement and its cala- initous sequel have been too severely taken to heart to render it likely that similar tactics will be practised again for many years to. come. 