THE WESTERN HERALD AND DARLING RIVER ADVOCATE. SATURDAY, MARCH 1, 1899 THE FIRE FIEND THE STONEY POINT FIRE FOUL CHARGE AGAINST MR. R.H. WARMOLL THE CHARGE DISPROVED. MISS BARRY WANTED COMPENSATION SOMETHING LIKE BLACKMAIL An inquest concerning the cause of the fire which occurred at Mrs.R.H. War moll's Stoney Point Hotel on January 11, was commenced at Stoney Point on Mon day, Feb. 27, before Mr R.M. Hughes, Coroner, and the following jury :—Messrs D. Gray (foreman), E. Fagan, A. Mitchell, J. Inglis, T. Bradstreet, W. Worthington, A. V. Gow, W.H. Sutton, J. Maxwell, W. Murphy, D.D. Scott and I. James. Edward Matthew Warmoll, on oath, stated that he was the licencee of the Stoney Point Hotel, which was owned by Mrs Hen rietta Warmoll; witness knew nothing of the fire as he was in Bourke at the time it occurred; his brother Fred informed him of it; he had a servant employed on the pre mises named Kate Barry ; she was given to drink, and he had restricted her to three drinks a day ; the hotel and cottage were in sured, but a number of other buildings, &c.;, were uninsured, and those he valued at about £500. The inquest was then adjourned till Wednesday March 1, at the Courthouse, Bourke. On that date at 11 o'clock, the inquest was resumed, Mr. J.P. Biddulph watching the case on behalf of Mrs. Warmoll. After the Jury was called and answered to their names, the Coroner read the evid ence given by Edward Matthew Warmoll. A ground plan of the premises, showing all the rooms, and the spot where the fire started, was produced. Constable Lawrence Blake Leonard, on oath, stated that, he received certain in structions on the evening; of the 11th Janu ary last fiom Sergeant Miller; went to Stoney Point on the following morning, and there saw the remains of a burnt building; had not seen it previous to the fire, but was informed it was the Stoney Point Hotel; made certain inquiries and interviewed several persons with reference to the fire; returned to Bourke the same evening, and saw a woman named Kate Barry: she made a statement to witness, which she also signed after it was taken down in writing; the statement produced, marked A, is the one referred to, and the signature is that of Kate Barry; the woman said something about the fire which was not put in the statement ; she said she had no knowledge whatever of how the fire started; told the witness was a constable of police; read the statement over to Kate Barry and explained it to her; she did not wish to add anything to it. The following is a copy of exhibit A " Kate Barry states: Between two and three o'clock p.m. on the 11th last, I was working in the kitchen at Warmoll's hotel at Stoney Point when I heard a noise, and on looking round, saw the place on fire. I immediately ran out where Mr. Warmoll and others were and told them the house was on fire. M Warmoll had passed the kitchen close where the fire originated about 10 minutes before I gave the warning. I first noticed the fire in an unoccupied bedroom to the rear of the premises. I tried to save a few articles, but was unable on account of the flames; I do not know of any explosive being kept about the place. (Signed) KATE BARRY " By Mr. Biddulph : Mrs. Barry did not appear to have any hostile feelings against Mr R.H. Warmoll when he (witness) in terviewed her; had heard something since at the scene of the fire there were traces of considerable improvements having been burnt down as well as the hotel; the only time Mrs. Barry referred to Warmoll and his son was when she said they were round at the bar with some other people at the time of the fire and when she gave the alarm when witness got to the scene of the fire two of Mr. Warmoll's sons were present and and gave him every assistance in making his inquiries. Kate Barry, on oath, stated that she was a domestic servant, at present residing Bourke; was engaged by Mrs. Warmoll seven weeks before the fire, as housekeeper at this hotel; looked upon Mr R. H. Warmoll as her employer; was at the hotel on the 11th January last when it and several over buildings were destroyed; she was in the kitchen at the time of the fire ; Mr. Warmoll and his son Fred had lunch at 12 o'clock; removed the things to the kitchen; then went to the cottage close by the hotel to get a jug. At this point Sergeant Miller produced the ground p!an of the buildings, and asked wit- ness to point out which way she went to the cottage. The witness who was wearing goggles, protested that she could not see the plan. However, with some difficulty she understood it and pointed out the course she took. Witness resuming, she knew the corner of the hotel next to the cottage; passed the corner where a water tank stood to go round to the cottage; got the jug and came back towards the kichen ; as she was coming towards the kitchen she saw Mr. Warmoll in an unoccupied room on the cor ner nearest the kitchen, and where the water tank stood ; the room is at the south western corner of the house ; she got a fright when she saw Mr. Warmoll inside the door of the room ; Mr. Warmoll's foot was on something behind the door, and he said to witness " What frightened you?'' and wit ness replied "If Charlie Collis was dead, I would say it was his ghost" the door was well opened ; she saw what Mr Warmoll had his foot on, it was somethin like the shape of a bottle covered with matting or canvas; the canvas appeared to be wet or damp; witness then went into the kitchen, and went on with her work; so did not wait to look whether Mr. Warmoll closed the door or not when he saw her ; she could see into the room when she was talking to Warmoll; did not see any fire in the room. At this period the witness became very impertinent, taking no notice of the questions asked her. The Coroner rebuked the witness telling her that the way she was acting was indecent. Continuing, witness said she saw Mr. Warmoll again in about 10 minutes time on the opposite side of the hotel, he was pass ing the kitchen window going into the back entrance, she then heard the cackling of the fire ; rushed out, and saw flames coming through the door in the room where she had seen Mr. Warmoll; she screamed " Fire," and then ran to her own room ; there was a fire in there also and she could not get in ; heard Mr. Warmoll call out "Where are you;" the voice came from the other side of the house; then rushed into the hall through the two dining rooms into Mr. Warmoll's room, where she saw him taking something out of a safe ; witness said "Oh my goodness, all my things are burned, what shall I do, "and Mr. Warmoll said "Save yourself;" said to him "Why did you not tell me you were going to do this and I would have saved my box" then went from the bedroom through the dining-room and got outside; the fire had a good hold of the placed then; from the time she saw Mr. Warmoll pass the kitchen window until she heard the crackling of the fire from 10 to 15 minutes had elapsed ; Mr. Warmoll and his son Fred, were the only persons at the hotel when the fire occurred; an employee named "Jack," had gone out for sheep be fore dinner ; the cottage was not burnt ; she saw water being thrown on the cottage, she did not trouble herself much about it ; next morning she came to Bourke; saw Constable Leonard on the 12th and made a statement to him which he wrote down and then read over to her ; she signed it. Constable Leo nard asked her if she would like someone to witness her signature, and she replied " Oh it doesn't matter;" she was not on her oath; the constable told her he was a constable; the signature to the statement marked A was hers ; she could not say what she told the constable; she thought then there would be an inquiry ; she made a sworn statement be fore Mr. K. M. Hughes, JP at a later date; the signature to that was her's. [The sworn statement was put in and marked exhibit B.] The reason why she did not tell Constable Leonard what she had told the Court to-day was because she was not on her oath; and also, she expected some compensation from Mr. Warmoll ; she asked Mr Warmoll to as sist her, but he refused, and treated her with contempt, and told her to go to ___; if Mr. Warmoll had given her compensation for her loss, she would never have used the threat and given the information she had ; she gave Mr. Warmoll every chance she had; she told Mr. Stibbard when she came to Bourke that Mr. Warmoll had set fire to his hotel; she would never have done so, but for the way in which she had been treated. By Mr Biddulph : Her name was Miss Barry, but she went under the name of Mrs. Barry, she did not know whether Mr. Stibbard said anything to the police about it or not ; she told Stibbard all the facts about the fire; she was staying at Mr. Stibbard's before she went to Warmoll's and was staying there at present; she con sulted with Stibbard before she gave infor mation ; she told Stibbard that she could not get compensation, and he gave her ad vice; she threatened Warmoll that she would accuse him of burning his hotel down if he did not give her compensation ; not withstanding that, Warmoll told her to go to ; —she had only spoken to Mr. Stib bard on two or three occasions between the 12th and 27th January; she spoke to Stib bard on the 27th, and he then advised her to give information ; Stibbard knew that she was asking Warmoll for money ; she did take some drink ; she had three "nips" on the day of the fire; she was not restricted at Stoney Point, and she could have forty drinks if she paid for them ; she was never knocked over with drink ; between the time of the fire and the time she made a de claration before the coroner she refrained from giving any information to the police because she hoped to get compensation from Warmoll ; it was within ten minutes after she cleared away the things that she saw Warmoll in the corner room, that would be about a quarter past twelve ; about twenty minutes elapsed from the time she saw War moll in the corner room until she saw him pass the kitchen wiudow ; she could not tell which foot Mr. Warmoll had on some thing behind the door : she could see what Warmoll was doing although the door was only half open; the parcel Warmoll had was all saturated ; she saw it because she looked under his arm, and said, "What are you doing here", her eyesight had been weak for some time ; she could not say what the parcel was saturated with; could not smell kerosene or anything of that kind ; she wished the jury to believe that War- moll set fire to the hotel; if he desired to do it, he could have set fire to the front rooms away from where she was working ; she lost good apparel and valuables in the fire ; she had no corkscrews or a razor in her box ; at Bourke she asked Mr. War moll for £5, she gave him a receipt for £2 wages, and an I.O.U. for £3 which he lent her ; she would not give Constable Leonard the true facts about the fire because she was not on her oath; the kitchen chimney was immediately to the rear of the room which caught fire ; the day of the fire was very windy : she curled her hair when it suited her ; she did not use tongs ; she did not curl her hair that day ; she had the last "nip" at 11 o'clock on the day of the fire; she sometimes had beer, spirits and wine. By the Foreman of the jury: The fire took place on the 11th; could not tell what the parcel was saturated with : could not tell whether it was water or not. The Foreman pointed out that in her sworn declaration the witness said the fire took place on the 10th, and that the parcel was saturated with an oily substance ; she now said something entirely different. By Mr Biddulph: The flames of fire came through the opening between the back of the door and the wall. By Sergeant Miller: There was a fire in use in the kitchen on the day of the fire. Robert Henry Warmoll, on oath, deposed he resided in Bourke at present; he acted under power of attorney for Mrs. Henrietta Warmoll, the owner of the Stoney Point Hotel; was at the Stoney Point Hotel on the 11th January last when a fire occurred there ; his son, Edward Mathew Warmoll was the licensee, and witness acted as manager; about half-past two o'clock on the 11th January Iast he heard Mrs. Barry screaming out "Fire!"; was sitting in the bar reading at the time ; his son Fred, was with him ; he rushed down the passage and called out" Where are you," and Mrs. Barry replied " I'm here" that would be opposite witness's own bedroom ; his son Fred started to throw water on the fire ; said to the boy, 'It's no good, You haven't sufficient water to do any good ; here's the keys, save the books and the till ;" witness then went to the safe and saved the contents of that ; he threw the contents of the safe into a tin box, and threw the box into a buggy which was under the verandah near his bedroom door ; of the buggy away, and then ran to untie a log that was tied under a bough-shed, and some travellers came to his assistance , the fire was in three places, in the two back rooms and the bushman's dining room : it had completely hold of the back part of the building; he had no doubt that the fire could not have taken place before half-past two ; he knew nothing of the origin of the fire ; it was not a fact that he was in the south-eastern bedroom on that day, and he did not see the woman Barry there ; neither did she speak to him or say anything about Charlie Colless' ghost; it was not true that he had something like a bottle rolled up in canvas behind the door ; he knew how the door opened, and even if he had been there Mrs. Barry could not possibly have seen him standing on anything behind the door from the position she said she was in unless she could see through the door itself; the woman did not ask him what he was doing there, he was positive he did not go out of the bar from the time he had his dinner on the 11th until the alarm of fire, and his son Fred. was with him the whole time ; the house was insured for about £600, but a lot of improvements and other buildings which were not insured were consumed ; the In surance Company had paid Mrs. Warmoll's claim ; he estimated the uninsured property destroyed at fully £500; he drove Mrs Barry to Bourke from Gidgea Camp on the 12th January ; she made no charge against him right up to the time of reaching Bourke; he paid the wages due to her, and he also lent her £3 for which he received an I.O.U.; it was fully a week afterwards when he saw Barry again ; she asked him then for the value of the contents of the trunk ; he re fused to give her anything : she made no threat to his face, but she bothered him a good deal and he spoke roughly to her ; she first demanded £60, then £40, then £30 and £25; he refused to give her anything and referred her to his solicitor; the 12th of January was a warm day ; Barry was not a temperate woman, and there was rule at the hotel about her liquor ; he saved noth ing of the uninsured property except a buggy and a dray ; the building was of very inflammable material at the rear, and if it had been set fire to it would not have taken 20 minutes to show itself; he absolutely denied any knowledge of the fire; the house had only just been thoroughly renovated and painted by Mr C. Colless a week before the fire ; he had to send to Wall's for a bottle of grog and a bag of chaff after the fire, for travellers. By Sergeant Miller: The only fire that was used in the house was in the kitchen stove; the room in which Barry said she saw witness was unoccupied, but had been occupied by Mr. Colless, the painter, a week before. By the Foreman : The witness Barry was the only female servant he had ; he had a male servant named John Tarrant ; he had heard Mrs. Barry say there were rats in her room ; he never saw any. By Mr. Biddulph : He went to the safe after he gave the keys to his son, and this was after the woman Barry gave the alarm. Frederick Charles Warmoll, on oath, de posed that he was a brother of Edward Mathew Warmoll, licensee of the Stoney Point Hotel, and a son of Mr. R. H. War moll; resided at Stonev Point; he was there on the 11th January when a fire oc curred ; his father and Mrs. Barry were also at the hotel, he heard Mrs. Barry call out "Fire" at about half-past 2 o'clock ; he was then in the bar with his father , Mrs. Barry's voice appeared to come from the back of the place ; he went out the front and ran round the north-eastern end of the building; he got water and tried to put out the fire but it was too strong ; the fire was in the two back bedrooms and the back dining room; his father called him to get the till and the books, which he did ; he then tried to save some pictures, but failed, and then he turned his attention to the cottage which was saved ; they had lunch on that day between 12 and 1 o'clock ; after lunch he went into the bar, and from then until he heard the alarm of " fire" he was not away from the bar or the front verandah ; his father was in the bar at the time; they were both talking to a traveller ; his father might have left the bar without him know ing while witness was talking to the stranger ; when they heard the cry of "fire " he was in the bar listening to his father reading from a newspaper ; his father was reading 10 or 15 minutes before the alarm of fire was given; he knew nothing whatever as to tho cause of the fire ; the fire in the kitchen stove was the only one in the house ; the day was very windy and close. By Mr. Biddulph : They saved the cottage with great difficulty; he believed it was in sured ; while they were saving the cottage, a lot of property that was uninsured got burnt ; the employee Tarrant went up the river after dinner. By Sergeant Miller: Tarrant had his dinner in the kitchen before he went up the river. John Tarrant, on oath, deposed that he was a laborer employed at Stoney Point Hotel; he recollected the day upon which a fire occurred at the hotel ; it took place about a quarter or half-past 2 ; he was about a mile up the paddock when he saw the fire ; he had his dinner about half-past 12 or a quarter to 1 o'clock in the kitchen of the hotel; Mrs. Barry got him his dinner; he went up the paddock to look for four fat sheep which had got out; after dinner he fed three horses, and then rode up the pad dock ; he was away from the hotel over an hour before he saw the smoke of the fire. Mr. Biddulph addressed the Bench saying that if the jury disbelieved the evidence of the witness Barry they should add a rider to their verdict on what he thought was the worst blackmailing case that had ever come under his notice. Tho Coroner said he thought of instructing the authorities to proceed. Mr. Biddulph suggested that the jury add a rider to their verdict, if they disbelieved Barry's evidence. The jury then retired, and after about a quarter of an hour returned into Court with a verdict as follows :"— We find that the Stoney Point Hotel situated on the Darling River at Stoney Point, near Bourke, in the colony of New South Wales, on the afternoon of tbe 11th day of January, 1899, was totally destroyed by fire, but how the fire originated whether accidentally or otherwise the evi dence does not enable us to say." After the verdict was given the foreman, on behalf of the jury, made an application for an increased travelling allowance, owing to the heavy state of the road to Stoney Point. The Coroner slated that if the application were made in writing he would lay it before the proper authorities, but he could not deal with the matter himself, The application was then made in writing. 