NEWCASTLE RAILWAY SMASH On the West Wallsend Coal Com pany's Line. Perilous Plight of Passengers. \------ A SERIOUS accident occurred on the West Wallsend Coal Company's line on Wednesday night. It appears that a train of about 30 coal-laden trucks and a carriage with six passengers left the township; but when near the Sydney line at Cockle Creek it was found there were only 12 trucks with the engine and passenger carriage. The driver's first intimation of the affair was on looking round to see the 22 uncoupled trucks coming down the incline with great force. He then called out to the passengers, "For God's sake jump!" This they did with alacrity, and landed into a swamp knee-deep. Scarcely had they sprung from the carriage than the collision took place. The frames of several trucks were hurled in the air, and two trucks were broken beyond repair. The damage is estimated at from £500 to £600. Three of the passengers were ladies. Two of them are school teachers, and one of them gives an interesting account of the accident, as follows: "We were ordered to jump, and I, as usual, wanting to know why and where I was going to land, was the last to obey. It was very dark, and when I jumped down the rough embankment, I found myself with my companions knee deep in a swamp. A gentleman, thinking he was too close to the train —for we were only a few yards from it - went further afield, and was buried in reeds and water almost to his head. We did not see the humorous side of the situation at the time, but I have since had a laugh. After the collision, the man who had found deep water, tremulously asked permission to come ashore, and he afterwards stood by a fire to dry. A few seconds before the collision we were in a terrible suspense. The screams of one of my companions saved both our lives; for my effort to save her from drowning prevented my losing consciousness. We all expected to be killed, and we certainly should have been had the weight of debris fallen into the water in which we were standing, and not upon the opposite side of the line. Wet, cold, weak, and looking like ghosts, we had to wait at Cockle Creek till 20 minutes past 9 for a train to Newcastle. 