Pencil Points. [By "Ilderim."] The season is now at hand when the burning desire of about 99½ per cent, of the people will be to keep cool. And it is perfectly easy to keep cool, too—if you only know how, and happen to be in a position that will enable you to put your knowledge into practice. A very ancient piece of advice is to take off your skin and sit in your bones, first picking out all the marrow from the said bones in order to establish a draught right through, but of course that is a means of cooling comfort utterly beyond the reach of the poor. Some persons favor the Albama negro's plan of procuring a large water-melon, cutting it in halves, removing the meaty part and then sitting in one half, placing the other half on your head and eating the pulp at your leisure. A liberal use of leisure forms the basis of most receipts for keeping cool, but unfortunately the majority of us who wish to remain alive have to bustle round as actively in the "dog days" as we have in the depth of winter. Man's life is a warfare, and a deal of the ammunition used just now is red-hot. One very seasonable piece of advice to day would be to do the exact opposite to what we generally do when the summer heat is on us. All that the bulk of the people here do in the way of diet and dress, for instance, is utterly wrong altogether. Men can be found during the hottest days wearing black clothes, patent-leather boots, and a pot hat; while with many women the ideal of "rational" summer dressing seems to be to take 2oz in weight off their bodies and place 2lb extra on their heads. Common sense—or rather UN- common sense—tells us that the proper dress for summer is nothing at all, and even that should be worn so that it can be doffed aside at a moment's notice. An eminent doctor says : " If people would only wear more flannel and less linen in the summer they wouldn't have to wear coffins so much in the winter." That doctor goes in strongly for Jaeger stuffs all the year round, and although he has passed the allotted three score and ten years he is still as frisky as a young colt in a clover paddock. His flannel theory is no doubt correct, for one of the safest plans for keeping cool is to promote a moderate flow of perspiration. When hot, tired and thirsty in summer time, take a jug of iced water, and—throw it out of the window, or give it to the bore who comes in for an hour to worry you with his version of the Trans- vaal trouble. Then make a cup of hot tea, bushman's fashion, drink it, and in a few minutes more you will feel wonderfully re- freshed—strong enough even to " draw" the heaviest horse in Tattersall's sweep if a favorable op- portunity offers. Gold drinks are a delusion and a snare. The only persons they ever benefit are the coroners and the undertakers. About this time last year one of the most worthy citizens we had drank a tumbler of iced water hastily on a friday and he died in the greatest agony on the Sunday following. Cold drinks chill the interior of the stomach. The surrounding air seems hotter by contrast, perspiration is checked, and the doctor is often needed. * * * Premier Lyne has declared he is a believer in woman suffrage, but he thinks the time for such an innovation has not yet arrived. Ex-Premier Reid used to bluff the fair petitioners who called on him in a similar style, so that Mr. Lyne's championship of woman's cause is but a weak one. A Victorian legislation has also asserted that the admission of women into positions where they could have a voice in the administration of public affairs would be a " most dangerous innovation." In the early days of civilisation women took a far greater part in public affairs than they do at present. Women even sat in the Saxon Witenagemote, or National Council, and the names of women are found in the charter given by King Edgar to the Abbey of Crowland in 961. The Norman Conquest temporarily suppressed women as political factors, but towards the end of the reign of Edward III they regained the ' rights' and sat in Parliament once more. The Countesses of March, Pembroke aud Athol all enjoyed that honor, and in 1593 a woman named Rosa Clarke was elected member of the corporation of Maidstone. In modern times Lady Palmerstone exercised the greatest political influence in England and at one time France was mainly governed by the clever women of the French Salons. * * * To the Caucasian mind the Chinese character will probably always remain most perplexing and peculiar. Not long ago a Sydney Chinaman committed suicide cbecause he could not pay his debts. That was sad, but the danger of such a frightful example influencing other financially-distressed persons to any great extent is not imminent. To-day we read of a case in another colony in which a Chinaman applied to a fellow countryman for a loan of money. This was refused, and by the way of revenge, the em- barrased pagan committed suicide so that his ghost might return and perpetually annoy the niggard. As yet this annoyance has not led to any alarming results ; but the friends of the deceased are hopeful, and declare that the ghost will walk " plentee soon." I don't know if the oracle is worked out here at all, but in Eng- land there are industrious persons who travel on the trophy and presentation game, and make a jolly good living by the pastime also. Whenever a leading citizen, or, in fact, any sort of citizen above the no-account grade is about to remove from one town to another, the presentation worriers scurry round and work up a mark of appreciation' and ' token of esteem' agitation for him, and then having the sole control of the business, they secure fine fat commissions from the merchants or jewellers or the like who supply the pretentation articles. One of those pushing parties recently owned up that he had the selecting of from forty to fifty prize cups for sports, etc., every year, and the settlement of accounts of accounts relating thereto—discounts not stated on the bills—sometimes ran as high as £50 on a single job. This could happen in the case of cronk sporting meetings only, but then such meetings are undesirably common—I mean in other countries, of course. The testimonial trickery pays the best of all. At least, so I infer from the confession of one trickster, who says : " I had £25, a champagne luncheon, and an opportunity of airing my oratory out of a silver cradle presentation to our Mayor last year, and the local silversmith, to whom I piloted the order, stood a tidy comish, for me as well. The public plumed themselves on their munificence, the mayor's lady was as proud of the cradle as a peacock with two tails (it was her first offence—I mean her first baby,) the silversmith received twice the value of the article he supplied, and his worship the Mayor lent me £25, payable ' when I liked,' and has been my very good friend ever since." The presentation plunderer is not wholly to blame, however, for a ring of truth is heard in his voice when he adds : " Over and over again I have received quiet, but unmistakable hints from aspiring citizens, who desired to be testimonialised— 'just to please the missus,' as they say—and I've acted upon them, you bet, for in such a case the comish comes in at both ends, and I get a bit of fat out of the middle of the matter also. * * * " Occasionally a purse of sovereigns is made a stringent condition, and then I always bargain for my little 10 per cent before I start. Possible subscribers—men in public position, wealthy trades- people, and aspirants after office are not too well pleasad when they see me popping up with my little list and pencil ; in fact I know they are generally mad enough to kick a tunnel through me, and when I leave them they use language strong enough to haul a loaded train without the help of an engine. But they can't help themselves, and I gently but firmly rub that fact into their heads to ; but at the same time I console them with the remark that their turn is sure to come along in time, and then their treatment at the hands of an appreciative public will all depend on the way they honor the good old agreement, ' Tickle me, Toby, and I'll tickle thee.' " As I write to-day the Transvaal trouble is rapidly coming to a head, and unless the British become more complaisant or the Boers get a fresh stock of sound sense, quite a number of heads are likely to soon be rolling about South Africa looking for the bodies to which they were originally attached. It is not very easy for an Australian to say which side has the better cause. When you listen to Chamberlain's chat you are satisfied that all the right lies with Great Britain. When you lend your ears to old man Kruger he tells quite another tale and you feel inclined to pat the old Boer on the back and tell him to go in and win at one. It is easy enough to " go in," but coming out is the trouble, and no matter whether the Boer is in the right or in the wrong he must go under when he shapes up to a mighty foe like Great Britain. The Boers are brave fighters, but bravery counts for little in these days when one man presses a button and his machine gun mows down hundreds of foes in a second. If the Boer leaders are not incurably blind they should see that they have about as much show against Great Britain as a lamb would have against a lion. * * * The Early-Closing movement can be looked upon as an accomplished fact at last, for the enthusiasm with which it has been taken up in Sydney by all classes is enough to fire all obstacles out of its path. This is the best piece of news I have had to chronicle for some time, and in our case the satisfaction is increased by the knowledge that this journal is one of the oldest and firmest advocates of the movement. Premier Lyne has promised to introduce the Bill to Parliament this week, and he will be a foolhardy member indeed who will have anything to say against it. The Bill in question does not legislate for any particular class solely, but for the benefit of the whole community, and it goes a step further than the old Bill, inasmuch as it limits the working hours of the day. It will also be the means in some instances of finding employment for men who are at present idle. For instance there are many bakers in Sydney who work from 12 to 16 and 17 hours a day for the paltry pay of £2 a week. By enforcing the eight-hour system (which is part of the Early-Closing measure) two sets of men will have to be employed in some cases, instead of one ; but to make this work satisfactorily a minimum rate of wage will have to be decided on. The Early-Closing scheme will bring gladness to hundreds of homes and if the leisure time is properly employed it should give to the State a largely increased number of healthy women and brainy men. 