^SIS M^liwetti LKtJISLATlVfi' COUNCIL. \ , ?--..?? Tuesday, October 3. - . ? ? Seldom of late has itlie 'Legislative Colin- : cil been '?'by strangers honored,' but on Tuesday the benches both above and- -below' then-clock were far from .bare, and it-4S( .safe -.to' 'assert that the Attendance . there has not been' 'exceeded this session, except when the Governor ferforuifcdthe opening ceremony. .The Household Sniirage Bill was the attraction, and among those who show ed an, interest' in its progress were sevei'a^ ladies.. Not even influenza could keep members away— there was not a single absentee. In moving the second reading of the measure, the Chief Secretary inndej out a strong case for its passage, lie was~ attentively, .listened to, but members ap pear to liave already made up- their minds as to which way they will vote, and those who do not like the proposal listened merely witb a desire to catch the Ministerial representative tripping and strengthen their position. Mr. O'Coghlin said that even if the Bill be ? shelved for some time the difficulty must eventually be settled, for every three years at least like a ghost it will arise, and the people will be stirred again into protest. The more it was realised that the national Parliament of Australia was to be elected by all the people, and the State Legisla ture, with its merely provincial interests, by a few, tlie stronger would become . the Already strong agitation for constitutional reform. anU a settlement of the difficulty would be compelled. Mr. Stirling will con tinue the debate on Tuesday next'. As soon as the consideration of the matter was postponed the galleries were deserted, and members proceeded with the Crown Lands Bill, in which st-veral amendments were made. Before the second reading of the Household Suffrage Bill was moved the Hon. F. Basedww asked — 1. Under what provisions of the Defences Act. iS95, and the regulations thereof,, or by what other authority, was the half com pany, Gnmeraeha division, Mounted Rifles, disbanded? 2. 'What is the rea-o»i for their disbaridment? 3. 'YVas such dis handmcnl effected before their terni of ser vice expired? The Chief Secretary replied — 1. Section 26, regulation 12, question S. 2\. Irregular attendance und non -attendance at drills. Only six men out of 17 attend ed any drills, and they did not attend the required t number. 3. Yes. After sitting exactly three hours the Council adjourned till nest day. Wednesday, October 4. Members managed to compress a large amount of talk into the tjirce hours' sitting of the Legislative Council on Wednesday. Among those in the gallery was Miss Spence, who listened attentively to Mr. Warren's speech in connection with the debate en the motion for the adoption of the effective voting system. That lion, member strongly supported the proposal, and moved as an amendment its extension to the Federal elections. He regards the question as the most important which has come before Parliament this session. His was the only contribution to the discussion. The Chief Secretary told Mr. Warren that the Government are not aware that the crossing over the South Para is impassable, as it is tinder the tare and control of the Mount Crawford District Council, which body is responsible for its upkeep, and for any accident which might take place there owing to any defects. The Govern ment will provide the funds for the bridge if the council will make the approaches. The Insurance Policies Bill was read a third time and passed, and the i-eport i:f the Select Committee on the Executors' Company's Amendment Bill was adopted, despite the opposition of the Chief Secre tary. In moving the second reading of tiie Local Government Hill, Mr. O'Log'hlin stated that the measure was another step towards the consolidation of our laws. At present there are a large nuinJer of local governments acts, contradictory in their provisions; difficult of administration, and productive of litigation, and although it had not been posr.ble to include all, yet the main Acts had been compressed into file measure. The debate, having bean adjourned, the consideration in committee of the Crown Lands Bill was proceeded with until the part relating to village set tlements was reached. Mr. Warren wants these provisions postponed until the receipt of the report of the Village ? Settlements Commission. He stated that he bad heard that the discovery had been made that the advances had- in some cases amounted to £700 ner settler, but whether that was true or not it was advisable to await the com mission's report. Mr. Russell protested against this further attempt to decry the settlements, and said Mr. Warren 'damns all parties but his ain.' He challenged him to propose a referendum to ascertain whether the people favor the village settle ments, or the continuance of payment for 'rotten pastoral improvements.' Mr. War ren said that^Mr. Russell had talked 'ut- ter nonsense. ' ''I have never,' he ex plained, 'used the word damn to any living thing.' The President pointed out that the won! had merely been used in a quota tion by Mr. Russell. Then the Council ad journed till Tuesday next. 