SHADOWS OF THE PAST. Br LIONEL SPARROW. 'DREAMISO again, Ernest,' said Miss Fairhall, laying her hand lightly on her brother's shoulder. 4Ay, Rady,' he murmured, with a smile. ' Have you ffendcl me a text?' ' Three or four,' said Adrienne, cheer fully ; 'yen may take your choice, and dream away for the rest of the evening, since you seem to be disinclined for any thing else.' SI am lazy to-night,' he said, as he drew out his faithful pipe. The Reverend Ernest Fairhall did not write his sermons. Nor did he even select a text. It was a hobby of his sister's to do this for him. She would search out a verse or two that promised well, and he would ' dream over it,' his head wreathed in smoky ringlets, for hours. It germinated in the rich soil of his cultured mind, grew as rapidly as the miraculous rose-tree of a Hindu con djrer, and flowered as nobly, so that when the time came he preached from it pne of those sympathetic and spontane ous sermons for which he was noted. He was wont to declare that he had two in valuable helpers-his sister Rady and his Lady Nicotine. This peculiar gift made that part of his vocation easy ; but he gave constant proofs that he was not an indolent man. The Fairhalls came from England, Ernest having begun his profession as a curate at Dover. It was there that a tragic episode occurred, which threw over his after life the shadow of sorrowful and never-ending remembrance, and of which the chief tangible result was that he de clined to think of marrying. At thirty-fire his refined features bore little trace of that tragedy, but a keen observer might have detected a certain sternness in some of their lines-telling of the repressed grief of a strong and steadfast nature capable of deep impres sions, but which had fought despair with weapons forged in the armoury of lofty renunciation and high-souled fortitude. In the little country town of Rayburn Mr. FSairhall was highly valued. He was maybe a little ' too English '; certainly, he 'was reserved, quiet, even a trifle sad ; but his personality had a certain charm which was almost magnetic, and not to be resisted. It was a pity, people said, that he would not marry ; marriage would complete him. Miss F'airhall made an excelleut substitute for a elerrgy man's wife; but aeveral of R.Ryharn'.s belles cherished the opinion, in secret, that they could fill the position much bett,.r than slh'. A, Iricnnem had a visitor thiis evening, anti left her brother :zanI with his iCmer sclhautm. Fairhall re,,,at,,d one oif the texts, turund it orver in his min-i for a few momsts, and then-forgot it. At most times he could direct his reverie in to what paths he chose; but now and then the sad memories of the past would arise and drive away all other thoughts. So it was to-night. He saw in the thin wreaths of frag rant smoke the forms and faces of the long ago-clearer titan any other, he saw the beautiful, impe&ious; features of the brilliant woman who had ceul to listen to his preaching in the little Dover eharch, and to wham he had so speedily locst his boyish heart. The strange woman was about his own age in years, but his senior, perhaps, in knowledge of the world, anti of the heart. lie met her at the Rectory, where sihe was a visitor. Little was known about her, save that she was very beautiful and accomplished. She was usually accom panird by her mnother, a woman of ad ranced age and decre;pit appearance, who rarely spoke. Sihe as known as Miss Kingsley. and her mother addressed her as Marion. They lived in a small but well-furnished house, which they rented. Her manners were perfeet, she was an enchanting conversastionalist, and her aplomb was superb. Ernest Fairhall simply worshipped 1 her, and she seemed to reciprocate his passion, without giving him more than the most maidenly encouragement. The young man's father, a prominent London physician, possessed the full con fidence of his son, who informed him candidly of the state of his affections. Dr. Fairhall, a man possessed of great wealth as well as a large practice, had his doubts aboutt Miss Kingsley. He cherished high hopes of his son, and trembled at the thought of his falling a victim to some designing adventuress. He snatched a few days from his busy life, and paid a visit to Dover. Marion Kingsley was subjected to the keen gaze of his experienced eye, apparently all un conscious that she was under examina tion. Dr. Fairhall's acumen was rarely at fault, but he confessed himself puzzled. The lady seemed transparently candid. HeIr deep blue eyes were wells of truth her musical voice an instrument attuned tu the utteranceofloftiest thoughts. Her whole person seemed to breathe the most absolute sincerity and singleness of mind, If she were a mere adventuress, then her dissimulation was perfect. She attemnipted no concealment of her poverty or her antecedents. Her father had been a musical instrument seller in Manchester, who in Ihis latter days had met with some reverses, so that, though once wealthy, a small annuity was all his widow could save from the wreck. Dr. Fairhall verified these statements by pri vate inquiry. He attempted to trace the career of Marion Kingsley from her father's death to her arrivel at Dover. The result left a period of nearly two years unaccounted for, save that it was spent on the Continent This hiatus made him very uneasy. Marion, in the meantime, was not idle. SYour fatherate does not approve, Ernest,' she said, in her low sweet tones; 'and it may be that he is riglht. Your wife must nave wealizi and social position. I have neither.' ' You do my father an injustice,' said the young curate. ' He cares nothing for those things ; he only wants nie to be happy. And,' he added, tenderly, 'I can look to no one but yeu for happi ness.' She sighed deeply-how well he rc memhbred that sigh ! S'Then,' she aid., Dr. Fairhall has ,somt other objection. Perhaps'-as if the idea occurred, to lier for the first tiume-- perhaps he distrusts me.' ' Distrusts you, Marion !' cried Fair hall, indignantly ; ' how can ti,at b ?' Her only answer was a smile, half sad, half scaruful. But that smile set the seal upon his faith in her, and at the saute time walled him off, as it were. from the father he had loved and hon oured. M:ri,,n was now sure of Ernest ; it would be a harder task to conquer his I father. Still, she miade the attempt. I The physician received her with the. utmost courtesy. He made a close study I of her as long as the interview lasted. It was apparent to his keen intelligonce, that she was really in love, and as she 1 pleaded with a sort of proud humility that he would not destroy his dear son's c happiness by withhelding his conrsent. her simple eloquence alhuost made himi feel ashamed of his suspicions. Still, t those two years on the Continent- - t He questioned her with quiet direct ness. She did not flinch. ' We were very poor,' she said gravely, .and there were debts. In France we c could live so cheaply. And then I had I to pursue my musical studies-mother had hopes that my voice would make our f fortunes. But it was too weak. How- t ever, by rigid economy we managed to C pay our debts and return to England.' The explanation was so simple, so ex tremely probable, that it disarmed him I for a rmoment. Still, his suspicions were t not to be driven away by her bare asser- 1 tions. He looked at her with a doubtful I eye, observing which she rose with an imperious air, and faced hint proudly. " If I could be so selfish,' she said, t 'I should desire nothing better than that you should disinherit and disown t your sen. I should then at least be v free from your odious suspicions. It is only for his sake that I have trampled I on my pride and pleaded for your con- t sent. Money !' she cried. with curled lip 1 and dilated nostrils ;-' my affianced husband has chosen the service of One who contemned all worldly motives and S desires ; and it may be that I can help I him as well as a rich wife to make that service acceptable.' e ' You decline, then, Miss Kingsley, to a abandon your pursuit of my son ?' Pursuit !' t There was more wonder than indigna- t tion in her tone. It was as though she -1 hardly realised that he could be so inso lent. When she had gone, he reflected I deeply. She was either a noble woman or a splendid actress. In after years he I accepted the possibility that shite was hath.l. lie was not anximus for his son to marry uonlley, but. lie knew that us a clergyman his wife nºzst be above suspi- ] dion. Ife informerd Ernest that his con sent would be conditional upon a search- v ing inquiry into Miss King:-ley's, creer and antecedlents. But M.arion bad : l ready recounted to Ernest her interview I with his father, and the young m.tu? wasa in no mood to listen to conditions. Hie had drunk in eagerly his beloved one's glowing description of the work that was waiting for devoted spirits in the dark places of Loudon, and on receiving the doctor's ultimatum he horrified the old gentleman by, simply stating his in tention of marrying and living in Lon don. This was so different from the career 1)r. Fairhall had mapped out for his son that the father capitulated, snd gave his consent. He would take the risk, for in any ease Canterbury was not to be reach md through the slums of Lon don. After all, the girl might begenu inme, and site certainly possessed invalu able qualifications for the part she would have to play. If she only had the one most necessary ! As a last resource, he employed a skilled inquiry agent to best Miss Kingsley's statements about a her Continental life. But his relief soon came. Marion Kingsley suddenly disappeared. t She left an impassioned letter implor- , ing Ernest's forgiveness. The happi ness she had dreamed of could never be r hers. Her life was in ruins, but she I would not drag him down with her. The t renunciation was diffiiult, but her love I for him gave her the strength to attain it, and covtaet with his nature had taught c her to ,value duty above happiness. He ] nwould never see her again in life. And he must think of her only as he knew c her--for that was her better self. And so, farewell-for ever ! 1 The blow was a terrible one. His t father wished him to go abroad, but he refused. He seemed to find in a quiet devotion to his religious work something of the solace that he needed. He aban doned all hope of ever again seeing the woman he loved, and though his first impulse had been to give up everything else and seek her out, wiser counsels pre railed. He heard nothing mere of her for some years, when his sister, who had returned from a short toar abroad, told him she had seen .Marien.at .Biarritz, where she slione with great brilliance as Lady Fanshlawe. She had been to!d by an acquaintance that Sir Harry Fan shawe, a notorious rake, had married his wife when she was very young, for which his father, already much angered with him, cast him off. ;e sank into poverty and degradation, drank deeply, and often ill-treated his young wife, who finally left him in disgust, and returned with her mother to England. Then his father died suddenly, and he succeeded to the title and estates. Shortly after wards his wife rejoined him. So, after all, she was only a sordid adventuress. He loved her still, loved her for what she had seemed to be ; but the thought of what she really was added a new bitterness to his grief, and it re quired all the strength of character he possessed to retain that faith in his fellow beings which was one of his most love able traits. During this period his sister helped him greatly 'ithl her cheer ful synmpatlhy and en'couragement. These sad scenes floated before him in the wreaths of smoke, and he contem plated them with a mournful interest, as though they belonged to a former stage of existence. He had long conquered his rebellious grief, and now the shadows of the past were shadoiriws only-a pro cessi,,n of ghosts that had lost their ter rors for hiim. Excepting one-'-nd that one was the last. It was the fun1l at of the tragedy that he always dreaded to recall. He was ihi-le at the Rectory when a Mr. Allbrt Blayney was nnnounced-a strange gentleman, who wished to see the clergyman.' The visitor was a dark man whose handsome features bore signs o, grief or dissipation. IHe wa ' evidently much troubled in mind. *I am afraid, sir,' he said, with some hesitation. 'that I a n trenching greatly upon your kindness in this matter, but I rely uipon you to assist tle. I must ex plain that my wife died a week ago in Paris, and in aeordance with her express hesir,, I have Lrought the body t,, Eng land. She wished to be buriedl in the Dover churchyar:n. But a most unfor tunate difficulty has arisen. The Cus tmnts oflicials consiler it is their duty to insist upon opeling they coffin. I have refused to permit such desecration. and they have declined to give way. But as a compromise, they have consented to a proposal I made, that the clergyman of the place should view the remains. This inty I venture to request that you will be so good as to perform.' Fairhall at once consented to render the service desired of him, and they went together to the Customs office, where the :offitui was detained. i ' I As they entered the darkened room, Fairhall felt a gloomy foreboding at his Lieart, but he attributed this to the na bure of the strange duty which he had been called upon to perform. His com panion unscrewed the lid, and then drew Lhe window curtains aside. Fairhall reverently removed the lid of the coffin, and looked upon the dead. A violent tremor seized him, and he uttered an involuntary exclamation of wonder and grief. Calm and beautiful in death, her face hardly altered by her biief illness, lay all that was mortal of the woman he had known and loved as Marion Kingsley I The stranger could rnot help observing Fairhall's agitation, and as the latter stood spell-bound, he replaced the coffin lid. ' You knew my wife ?' Fairhall controlled himself by a strong effort. ' I knew this lady in lite,' lie sail ; ' but we will talk of that later.' The Customs officers being satisfied, the funeral took place. Fairhall reading the burial service over the grave of her who was to have been his bride. He had some talk with the bereaved husband later on. Sir Harry Fanshawe. ;ho for reasons of his own had concealed his identity, confided part of his story t, Fairhall, and made a confession that lifted much of the blame that had heen ttashed to Marion's conduct; When she deserted him-' a desertion wholly utitified,' he admitted--he, wishing to .et back into his father's good grace-, -ontrived that Marion should be told he was dead, in the lope that she would remarry and thus enable him to divorce ,ie. When his father died he pulled himself together, and, regretting deeply his treatment of Marion, lie traced her 