The Uaged Burglar. j Edward Habtbiok was deaparatf. Tbat was ' why 'be wag ~«t Dale. Set yon would not bave tboagbt be was 1n dire straits, to Ipok at falm as be trod tbe Hlgb Street. 7 -- No one seemed 'to ''know blm. So rnnob tbejbetter. Bat he reoagoleed one man after another, 'atid'taailed, or scoffed, or BDeered— Inwkrdly. Sadden ly. a obange astne over tbe man. Heelaooed aboat blmib -eee If be ooald esoape ber — for It waB a Woman wbo die tnrbed blm. Bat tbere wss do con venient avenae of eeoapb, aod in a few aeoondB tbey came faoe to face. Tbere was still tbe obanoe that sbe woold DoteeB beneatb bis aBBnmed ex terior. He did bis best, to increase tbat chance by looking aerenely over her bead Bat even while be was ooDKratnlatlng himself tbat all was over, be beard tbat soft, all'too-famlliar voice — ?' Ned! is It yori?' Sbe bad stopped. . Her qoiet, gentle eyes were apon hlm. wltb an expression of veiled eagerness tbat was very win* some. ' My dear BsbbIb ?' exclaimed Hart, riob, effusively, as be beld oat bis band, ' th is Ib a pleasure. How are you,- and bow Ib uncle?' ' ' Are you not aomlng to see ae, t» Snd oat for yourself?' asked Miss Garner. Though pBBt her first youth, she was slill a handsome woman — and evidently alao a good woman. ' I oertaioly proposed to do bo. if'I bad time. But my ba$ineBB is pressing and Important. How well you are looking, my dear Bessie !' ' Yes, Ned ; I am glad to eay I am very well. Aod yoa— what are you doing may I ask ?' Hartrlcb hesitated, and his cousin's faoe showed a ebadow of disqaletade. ' I'm la tbe Glty. Bess.' ' Aod thriving ?' Sufficiently. Do I not look tike It ?' Appearanoes are ? ' — Miss Qaruer was going to Bay ' deoeptlve,' but ebe stopped, and again urged ber cousin to oall at tbe bank. Then Hartrlob palled hlmeelf together, and spoke out the words tbat bad been forming in bis mind ever since be naa tbUB, after a lapBe of five long years, looked Hgain into tbe eyes of the woman be bad loved. He loved ber etlll. after | bla own selfish fashion, and ebe saw It. But, of course, tbere was no bope f ir bim. He bad been rejeoted befote. Siooe then be bad trodden deep in the eiougbe of life. Tbere oould be no bope for bim ; aod yet bu let bis tongue loose. ' Beas,'' be eald. In bis old voloe ; ' it does me good to see yoa. But I tblok, after all, I would rather not see your father. Tbere are reasons, and one of tbem Is made bII tbe stronger by my meeting: yoa. I couldn't stand it, BesB.' Their eye looked at eaoh other In something of the old way. Tben, at length, Miss Garner beld out ber band and murmured tbe word — Good-bye.' ' Good-bye, Bess,' eald Hartrlob, Tbe next moment be drev a deep breath of relief. A little w»y out of tbe town proper, be oame to tbe famoas look workB of Miller and Co. SnmmoDlng all bisandaoity to aid bim, be went into tbe offioe and asked to see tbe prlnolpal. He knew more tban a little of tbat gentleman's idiosyncrasies. 'Good morning, Mr. Miller,'' be said gaily, when be was UBbered into tbe private offlos. ' I have called on bebalf of a Melbouroe banking ooncern with many branobes. Your name baa been mentioned to me, and, of course, I bave beard of your exoellents looks, I want to see Rome of your Bluff, in faci.' This won tbe manufacturer's beait. Tbe good gentleman dearly loved popular appreciation. At ODOe he put bla im mediate affairs upon one aide.' and beg gingMr, Graham (as Hartrio&'s card deolared bim to b«) to accompany bim, be tiok him over ble faciory. Hartrlcb expressed bis satisfaction ; but wben tbey returned to tbe office, be mentioned tbe subject of master keys. ' Haven't you something epeolal, Mr, Miller, in that line? I fancy I bave been told so.'' Tbe manufacturer shot his door, and went loa email safe. ' Yes, I'll abow you.' be said. ' Only lant montb,' be oontinued, aa he flou rished a pretty little shioiog key, ' I re-' fitted Garner's Bank with mv looks, and tblB is the ' open eesBme,' sir, of as com* plete an arrangement of bolts and grooves as ever Ingenuity contrived-' ' Tbateoonds better,' remarked Hart rich. ' Allow me.' He took tbe key, examined it, aod tben under tbe pretext of looking at it yet more closely, be carried it to tbe window. There, with bis haok to Mr, Miller, with amazing dexterity be managed to clasp tbe key for a moment or two between a couple of wax plates, ' Excellent ! ' be exolaimed, as he re turned tbe little treasure to Mr. Miller. ' I will make a special report of tbis ; and now, my deBr sir, I will, wish you good-dny. 1 think you will bear of me again.' Tbe maDUfaoturer himself escorted Bartrlob to tbe door, and bowed bim away almost respectfully. He wae one of the old school of men. II. Bessie Gabner bad mucb to think about durlnglbe rest ot tbat day. Sbe bad ber parochial dint riot, and a number of tbe poor people of Dale looked to ber whenever tbey were in trouble. But for once in a way ebe let ber mind ooncern Itself with ber own affairs rather tbao tbeire Tbat evening, too, after dinner, she oould not. help mentioning ber cousin to ber father. ' Wbo do'you tb'nk I bave seen, papa ?' ebe BBked, . not witboat oolour la ber cheeks. ' Not a ghost, at any rate,' replied tbe banker, wben be bad glanced at ber for a moment,' '? No ; certainly not a gbost, Ned bas benii in Dale to-day.' ?' Edward Hartrlcb ?' ' Yes, papa,' The banker turned on bis obair. ' TbenicaD only bope, my dear,' be eald seriously, ' tbat be bas not con taminated' you by addfeBBlng yoo,' 'Contaminated! Whatdoyoomean?' ' That from what I bave heard of bim, be is not fit to toacb your band, Bessie. He bas gone to ibe dogs — of bis own free will, too.' Toe colour deepened on Miss Garner's cheeks. Her breath came snd went quickly. Father «od daughter looked earnestly at eacb other. There wbb no mUubderatanding between them. ' Ail ie'for tbe best, my girl,' said the banker tenderly, aa be extended bis band to Mlas Gsrner. ' Even Ned'a ruin, frapa ?' ' Ooe must not pry Into tbe methods of Providence -too narrowly, Beeete,' said tbe banker. ' Bat tell me abont It. Wbere was be and wbat did be look like?' Miss Garner related tbe oircnmBtanoes of tlie meeting. Sbedwelton berconsin's appearance of high rerpectabllity, and bis pleasure at seeing ber ; did all ebe ooald, In ebort, to induce a brighter esti mate of bim In ber fatbei'- mind, Bat it wae no good . And, Indeed, she bad to admit that Hartrlcb woold bave done well to bave called on bis -uncle if be really cared or deserved to be reinstated io tbat gentleman's good opinion. The banker ebook.bls betd when be baii beard ajl bis daughter oojbH tell him. ' t am,' be said, ?* loath to jadge ooe of my owo relative. But I fear lor your couaio bs I have feared for bim tbese five or six years. I hope you will never eet eyes on blm again.' Tbat night, however. Bessie Garner did again see Edward Hartrlcb. Her mind was fall of blm bb Bbe lay in bed, and wbeo ebe slept she dreamed of blm. Atone time he held out bis band ftp peallngly towards ber, and cried, *' For tbe'sake of old times. Bess!' Aod then sbe woke with tear-dimmed eyef. Bat ebe dreamed of bim yet again, and in tbe moTnlng she was sad at hetrt, wilb an Inexplicable anxiety and, a aenee of life's disappointments. III. On tbe evening of tbe day Bfter bis interview with Mr. Miller, Hartrlob re* turned to Dile. , He oame by a train tbat eet blm afoot Io tbe town after dark, BBd he walked furtively tn a low-clasB inu, called the ' Merry BioabQe.' In tbe worst part of Dale. Here be sat drinking (though not deeply) uotl! closing hour. ' Good-nlgot, boss,' he said to tbe publican, wben be was escorted to tbe door. ' I've got to walk to Frampton, and it's time I sta'rtefi.' ' I think so, too,' remarked the Inn keeper, with a shoulder shrug. ' Ii'bbIx good miles.' But instead of oootinolng on tbe Framn on road, Hartrlcb eoon turned from It, and doubled baok to tbe middle of Dale. It' wbb mld»lght when be reached tbe street that ran at the baok of Garner's Bank. Here, in an alley, be slipped on some felt overshoes, aod pre* pared f -r tbe oouree of adventure be bad planned for himself. A solitary policeman .patrolled the street It wae easy to steal a inarob on this Individual. Hartrlob bo oontrlved It tbat he left bis recess wben the mao bad just passer! bim. and In two minates wbb in tb'e entry which led immediately apon the dnmes.'io part of the bmk premises. Io another mioute be was Inside the house. How it all oame baok to blm now ! Tnere were tbe stairs leading down to tbe clerRa' quarters and tbe strong- room ; and tbere, In front of him, was tbe carpeted approach to the drawing- room whiob had once beeu as free to him aa bie own coat. But Hartrlob waB in no mood for sentimental iodulgenoe. He hesitated only for an inBt.nt, and then descended tbn white steps towordethe bank property. He did not enter tbe offioe, but tamed to tbe right wbea became to the corridor. The stroog-room was at tbe end of -tbe passage, with Its gleam of braes in the darBm-ss, which he just broke witb bis lantern. ' And now my friend, Mr. Millar,' said Hartrlob to himself, ' let us see If your wares are as smart as you said. Thanks to tbat young foo-, G-7thorne, I'm able to test tbem, at any rate.' Gaytboroe was one of Mr. Garner'd clerks. Between him and Hartrlob a desultory Bort of correspondence existed. In spite of hi3 self-oontrol Hartrlcb'e band trembled as be Bet tbe key in the lock. But Mr. Millei'd workmanship proved true ; and bo did that of the even oleverer pereon wbo bad forged thlsduplloate key. The locks were shot, sod Hartrlob felt tbat tbe massive dour only required pulling to let bim into tbe desirable society of money-bags and bills of ex change. He did not delay to enter. Then for a while the robber stared about bim. Tbere bad been ohanges si ooe bis time in tbe bank. He turned his lantern this way Bnd that upon tbe old ledgers and ledgers io use, upon tbe tin boxes of valuables deposited for safe cuatodyvand, finally, apooSbe cash Io ooe corner. From tblB last be ^elected a bag with between two and three thousand sovereigns In It. He slipped tbe etringe and staffed bis pookets with the gold — as fall as tbey could bold. Tbe temptation to take more tban he had proposed to take was hard to resist ; but Hartrlob resisted it. ' Tbat's done,' be said, and turned to oooBlder bis retreat. Bat somethlog bad happened Io tbe meantime. Tbere was a certain epring to tbe strong-room door of which be knew notbiog. He was penned fast, hopelessly. And It wa9 tbus tbat at haif-pist elgM tbe next morning tbe banker found blm. Mr. Garner made it bis rule to be first on tbe premlseB and to unlock tbe safes witb bis own banda. Tbe key in tbe look warned bim that something was wrong, and wben he threw tbe door open tbere wae bis miserable oftpbew before blm. ' Yes, sir, It ia I,' said Hirtriob dis mally, wbeu the banker BBked bimBelf If be could believe bis eyes. 'Yoo may do wbat you please witb me,' Tbe banker made baste to look tbe strongroom door agaio, wben be was- satisfied tbat nothing bad been ab* straoted. Tbe gold bad all been replaoed. ' Follow me, EJd ward,' be said. Hartrlob obeyed blm. They ascended to tbe breakfast-room, wbere Bessie wae still at table. Sbe arose excitedly wben ber oonsln appeared. *' Sit down, my dear,' said toe banker, ' and listen tn me.' Ned ! Wbat have you been dnlng ?' oried MIbb Garner. ' Your fatber will tell voup he replied. Mr. Garner did tn effect do eo, He ended with these words — ' I wished you to see bim for yoursplf in bis aew role, my dear. And now I shall give him into custody I' But wben ebe beard this, MIbb Garner threw herself at ber father's feet. '? Papa !' she cried, 'tbat would feill me 1 Forgive blm aod let blm go, Yoa will tarn over a new lea', Edward, will yon not 1' At ten minutes to nine Hartrlcb left tbe bank bouse. He bad been allowed to kiss Die ooueln'a band : It was blB only request. And be was to leavi Bogland tbat week— on bia oath never to return. titraoge to Bay, be did not belie bia undertaking. 