NOTES & NOTICES. We understand that a well-known local boniface has Merriwee going for him for the Melbourne Cup for .¿200 at 200 to 2. Tlie Adelaide S.S. Co's Allinga was expected from the South last night with about 500 tons of cargo and a locomotive for the Chillagoe Raihv ay. ¿Ir E. Hunter, of Hunter and Co., Cairns, left by the Innamincka ou Sunday last for Townsville. He is expected to return on Tuesday next. On Wednesday last in the Great Dyke G.M Co., Thornborough, stone zft. 6m. in width and carrying between 5 and 6 02. to the ton was struck. The Cairns Weekly Penny Savings Bank last .-aturday received op deposits amounting to £10 5s 3d. Withdrawals nil. Messrs Barr and Mayers are the directors to be in attendance next Saturday, 11 th inst. The amended Aboriginal Protection Bul is aimed chiefly to protect those males and témales employed by pearl shellers and beche de-mer fishermen, both classes having almost disappeared from Cooktown. The new regu- lations have been based chiefly on the experi- ences and observations of Mr Foxton, in Torres Straits. On Saturday last Inspector Marett received a wire irom Townsville to the effect that two men named Robert Rollinson and E. Pearce had been arrested on a charge of robbery of jewellery, the property ol Mr J. Radunsky, Spence-street, on 22nd October last. Nearly the whole of the stolen property has been recovered. Pearce was formerly a cook at C. Denford's Crown Hotel. He was discharged shortly before the robbery as his conduct was far from satisfactory. The two alleged rob- - bcrs will leave Townsville for Cairns on Wed- nesday next, and will arrive here on Thursday moming. On Saturday last Mr M. Walsh Of the firm of Walsh & Co., returned from a fortnight's business trip round the Chillagoe, Mt. Garnet, Mt. Cardwell, and Hodgkinson districts During that time he visited nearly every camp in the district and returned fully convinced that our back country has improved 100 per cent, since his last visit four months ago. Mrs Greeny of the Queens Hotel, corner o r Aplin and McLeod-streets, has purchased the freehold of the property for ^1500. The place has been transformed into a most com- fortable hostelry, where boarders can find every luxury. This well-known landlady will cater for the Nondescript social on 1 hursday night, and we feel quite sure will do her patrons ample justice. The usual monthly meeting of the Com- mittee of the Cairns School of Arts was held on Friday last in the School of Arts building. Present-Messrs. J. Lyons (President), A. Jack, A. F. Hunt, G, D. Wilson, J. G. Hoare, E. H. Muller, and B. R. Stafford. Accounts to the amount of ^"iS OS 3d were passed for payment on.the motion of Mr Wilson, seconded by Mr Miller. A list of books submitted by the library sub-committee were approved and the secretary was in- structed to procure the books from Watson, Ferguson and Co., Brisbane. In a letter written to a prominent Cairn s citizen a well-known member of Parliamen t says " It would be laughable if it were not tragic for you people to see the record time in which Giv'ens can empty the House. Kerr is just as bad, but then his loquacity does not affect you. When Givens gets up to orate members from both sides of the House file out and often there is not a quorum. The worst of it is that the man believes he is a bora orator and nothing will disillusionize him. I fancv he attributes the filing out of members to jealousy. Of course this does harm to your electorate because when Given-is called upon to fight hard for some much needed require- ment, his words will have no effect." From a correspondent at Horn Island we leam that big developments are being made in the Horn Island Gold Mine. At present the deposit is being worked with a 20ft. face, and the ground under foot is apparently the same as that taken out. It is proposed to deepen the excavation and work in a pit with a 40ft. face. The mine is 45ft. above sea level and is distant from salt water about half-a mile. The crushing stuff is a decomposed granite through which leaders of quartz from 1 to 6 inches thick run carrying good gold. In the early history of the field these leaders alone were worked but this method was found unprofitable; it is better to take the whole lot in a face. Thestuffis very easily obtained and two men boring kept the ten head going. A 12ft. hole is "jumped " and a good charge of powder does the rest. There is then noth- ing left lo do but shovel the stuff into the drays for the battery. Archie Meston is nothing if not emphatic and he has his own ideas about the Gatton tragedy which he recently gave expression to before the Police Commission as follows :-Mr Urquhart makes statements that are utterly untrue. He says it was impossible to trace tracks after a week. One of the finest bits of tracking in Queensland was done after three weeks. He says the trackers sent up were men of inferior type. The three I sent up were the best bo>s cn Eraser's Island out of fifty. One of them was the best boy after the Kelly gang in Victoria. I pointed out to Inspector Urquhart that lie was starting out in a wrong direction, and it was very unfair that the police shoald be blamed for his blunders. He blundered from beginning to end, exhibited stupidity that amounts to infatuation. He did not do one wise thing from start to finish. When I went there I asked him about differ- ent persons, but he replied regarding each that he had proved an alibi. He had ac- cepted their statement without making any inquiries. He even did not know a blood siam when he saw it." A miraculous escape from sudden death oc- curred on the Mulgrave Tram line about half a mile from the Mulgrave tram station yester dav morning about S o'clock. While the cane train was going to Aloomba the driver saw a Kanaka walking on the line and at once blew the whistled. The Kanaka did not ev en look behind him but continued his walk as if he were bent upon outpacing the train. Tile whistle was then kept going but the Kanaka took no notice of it, and before the engine could be pulled up it had run into the man and fortunately knocked him clear of the t rails. The engine ivas.quic^y^^i^ed^r^and^^ "ASSpSïîafS^^îîBPiÎpSS? pM»eng«a- ' train1-«.* brought him into town. He was at once taken to the Cairns Hospital where it was found that he had sustained a broken right thigh and a sev ere scalp wound. The engine fortunately struck the kanaka on the head first otherwise the boy would undoubtedly have been killed. The engine was not much damaged by this violent contact with the Kanaka's head. It appears that the boy had lately been working for Mr E. Russ of the Mulgrave and that in consequence of a recent illness he had become stone deaf and could not therefore hear the approaching train. A good story told by an English missionary in Zululand, who chuckled while he told the impious joke, may bear repetition. Shortly after the last Zulu war ( 1879,) this missionary, whose name cannot just at present be brought lo mind went'-into Zululand for the purpose of fulfilling his mission of converting the noble savage^aud day after day in a native school-room impressed on his hearers the beauties of the pearly gates and the golden streets, which could be reached only by care- ful observation of the ten commandments and deep study of the Bible teachings. He ex- plained to the Zulus that Heaven was every man's heritage who ordered his conduct as in- structed by Scriptures, that it belonged to neither race nor color solely, but notwithstand- ing the good man's perseverance, all his de "clammatiqn wa? received with an inexplicable doubting laugh. Eventually the repeated deep chest 'ohas,* which is the Zulu style qt laugh, caused the holy man to enquire' the cause of their distrust, and surprise at the social- istic ownership of the Kingdom of Heaven, and the reply he received from those dusky diplomats was theexpresion that if Heaven were such a good place the discriminating acquisitiveness of England would have gained a monopoly of its possession. Dabolamanaya, the second chief to Catewayo, to whom he was half-brother, said: 'Hool _ If Heaven such good place, England haye it!' Between 4.30 p.m. and 8.30-p.m. vesterday no messages were received in Cairns from Brisbane. The Clifford Dramatic Company onened a season last night in the Divisional Hall, the initial staging being "TheSilver King." Mr H. T. Douglas calls, for tenders for painting the premises latelv occupied by the Bank of Xew South "Wales, LaUe Street. Messrs Cornell and Beale, Government Auditors, are now in town inspecting the books of the various Government offices. A lease held by Della Vecchia for 148 acres of sugar land in the Letraille Estate; Mul- grave, was sold at auction yesterday by Mr A. J. Draper for ¿£5. Mrs A. Crossy, of the Bau way Hotel' purchased the booths at the sports to be held m Norman Park on Thursday next, for £8 los. The booths were submitted at auction on Saturday last by il r A. J. Draper. Messrs Hunter and Co., Auctioneers and Commission Agents, have leased the large premises in Lake Street formerly occupied hy- the Bank of New South Wales. The premi- ses are about to be renovated and painted. In the debate on the financial statement Mr Dawson congratulated the Treasurer upon the excellent budget he had been enabled to pre- sent to Parliament. It disclosed a most pros- perous condition of affairs in the colony. The s.S. Larnaca, Adelaide S.S. Co., came into port on Sunday morning, drawing 18ft, with 1500 tons of cargo for the Chillagoe railway, including I loo tons of rails, besides sleepers, girders, etc, and coal for the Mul- grave tramway and Government railway. The s.S. Victory leaves Burns Philp's wharf at 8 p.m. ou 15th November next for a moon- light croise round the Harbor. The "Cairns Brass Band will play selections during the trip which, should be well patronised as the tickets are only 2s 6d and children half price. Messrs A. Taylor and Son, the well-known metal merchants, bicycle manufacturers and agents are offering a prize of ¿£"5 to be raced for early next year on Imperial bicycles by riders resident in'the Cairns district. The race will probably be run off in connection with the forthcoming bicycle sport» which should take place on next New Year's Dav. Saturday next is Hospital baturday and we confidently request every mau, woman, and child in the community to paote this fact in their hats. The beauty about Hospital Saturdays in Cairns is that whatever money is spent the full value thereof is obtained. Poultry and produce of all kinds and descrip- tions will be on sale besides fancy and general goods, refreshments (including ice creams and oysters) and a hundred and one articles both beautiful and useful. Remember Saturday next and keep enough cash to get your Sun- day's dinner at the Hospital stalls. Messrs C. Denford and J. Cummings, col- lecting on behalf of the Nondescript Sports to be held in Norman Park on Thursday next (Prince of Wales Birthday) succeeded in raking in nearly /40. The sports are bound to be a big success, and as over .¿50 is to be given away in-prizes it goes without saying that the fields will be big. The Nondescript Sports have become one of the athletic in- stitutions of the town, and at last sports nearly 700 people put in an appearance at the Norman Park. A first-rate programme has been provided this year, and -a capital day's sport is promised. Between 11.30 p.m. on Saturday night and Sunday morning some thief got "into Mr C. Denford's Crown Hotel bar and robbed the till of about 30s, besides two silver Watches. Mr Denford had locked up the bulk of the cash in the safe before retiring, but as usual left the sixpences and threepences in the till. Mr Denford thinks that the side door of the bar-was not properly bolted when he retired and some sneak must have noted this, and during Sunday morning obtained an entrance to the bar by this door, and after emptving the till threw the latter on the floor. The thief then unbolted the bottom door leading into the bar, and so escaped without leaving a trace behind him. The thief also secured five bottle* of -whisLey and a bottle of brandy. Local business people are far from satisfied with Captain Grahl of the s.S. Innamincka, ?who declined on Sunday morning to under- take the veiy mild responsibility of bringing the steamer to the wharf, preferring to anchor on his return from Cooktown at the fairway buoy. As a result, about 300 tons of goods (including 9000 bunches of bananas) had to be lightered five miles in the C.S.R. Co.'s huge punts, towed by the steamers Florence and Victory. Mr J. Hansford, local manager for Messrs. Bums, Philp k Co., agents for the A.U.S.N. Co., Ltd., tod his hands full, but proved quite equal to the emergency. The Innamincka, at the time Captain Grahl dropped anchor, was drawing at the outside only 17 feet, while the s.S. Lanarca steamed right past her and up to the wharf on the same tide drawing 17ft- lorn. The Inna- mincka is a perpetual blight on coastal com- merce. She is never up to time and runs a time table just about as reliable as a toy com- pass. If the company decide to take her on the North Queensland trip, not one consignee will regret the determination. The Clifford Dramatic Co. bave evidently had a bit of bad luck at Thursday Island. The Torres Straits Pilot" of October 21 st says: "Right from the first opening night on Thursday Island of the Clifford Dramatic Company, many things have gone wrong among themselves, and the Police Court has been requisitioned on two occasions to settle their little quarrels as to who owns or controls certain of the theatrical properties. The second case occupied the attention of the local bench -this time Messers. W. G. Moran and P. J. Doyle, J.J.P_on "Wednesday last, when Mr. Clifford sued his partner for illegal deten- tion of many of the "properties," in which the pros, and cons, were stated, with the result that an order was made by the bench for the immediate delivery of the goods to Mr Clifford. Subsequently other memDers of the company had a say in. the matter by preventing the properties being removed, claiming against them on the score of something due ; and in the settlement of questions, the steamer which was to carry them south went away without them. Pity the sorrows of a travell- ing theatrical troup!" The "Post" is pleased to note that the Company's luck has taken a turn. Judging from the start made in Cairns the season looks propitious for the " ghost." " 