REV. CHAS. H. YATMAN. THE EMINENT ■ AMERICAN EVANGELIST. "The long-expected, much-desired, and eagerly-anticipated visit of the ■ eminent American evangelist and Y.M.C. A. worker, Eev. Charles Henry Yatman, of New York/ to. the. city of Adelaide is now almost • in;., sight," says the . cur rent i issue ' of "Our Herald;" the Y.M.C.A. monthly journal, "and in two . short weeks, all being ' well; the famous missioner will be in our midst, a welcome: guest, and himself a visible and audible entity. For years his name has been a household possession throughout the land of his birth, and his presence a power 'and charm" in every Y.M.CA. circle. , His influence and success as an evangelist have alike been remarkable, and have undowered him with, a' fame that time; lias tended only to establish and . enhance, so that he takes first rank in America with Moody and others. The general secretary of the Adelaide Y.M.C.A. (Mr. J. j. Virgo), who was niost closely associated with Mr. Yatman all thkough the Sydney mission, and, in fact; assisted him by singing the Gospel at most of his meetings, in the course of a lengthy chat with the editor of this jour-1 Kev. C. H. Yafcman. nal gave free expression to his warm ad-1 miration of the evangelist,' - his methods, addresses, organising faculties, and work generally, and stated that he was intensely pleased and deeply gratified by air that came within his ken. He confirmed the statements of the-press as to tlie vastness of the mission, and the far-reaching benefi cence, of its results, concerning which he opined that there was ; strong proba bility that they would prove as permanent as they were, extensive. Mr. Virgo said:— Mr. Yatman is a man of 46 years of age, and possesses a striking personality, a good platform presence, a pleasing, sympathetic voices and a-very taking, yet impressive manner. He is a very cheery man, full of brightness and vigor. His oft-repeated ex clamation, 'Keep sweet!-' is continually ex-■ •emplified in his own case, hence he is a most lovable fellow indeed: ■: He has great force of< character; is a born leader, and an exceptionally clever organiser. There is nothing stilted or affected about him; he : is delightfully natural and unconven tional. ' At once he inspires you with con fidence, you cannot' question his sincerity, and-you instinctively feel that you aredeal ing:_with' a:.;man who • is; good, original, strong, and': clever. 'He'speaks with a de cided American' accent; which ''often adds a charm and' quaintness to his'utterances. He.is a.manCf strong emotions',' and is at his very best/ when he is -relating;:'with* telling and:patheticforced incidents' from, his own - varied- personal' experiences to' il lustrate his theme. He has quite a .wealth of lifesreal iillustrations; his; manner■ of u-'e-: lating-which show him'-to be the possessor' ofidramatic- power "of mo/mean order.p He -can) melt his audience'h'o. tears, arid withal: :he;has.a< keen sense of humor,'and much originality of expression, being not afraid to make people laugh, though lie in variably uses this latter faculty with due :diseretion and clear spontaniety. He is in • dead earnest, devoid of self-conceit, and a firm believer in the presence and power of the Holy Ghost; His aim is simply and solely to win souls for God. As he says:— 'I have but one purpose amongst you, and that is to make bad people good and good people better, by the Gospel of Jesus Christ; to so plan an'd work that the re sults may be • abidingly known, and the Church of Christ- made larger, stronger/ and better/ He often speaks' about mak ing 'people good,' and urges them 'to be good,' and some have scented from such re marks the heresy of 'salvation by' works,' but he is distinctly 'sound' in his belief and' proclamation of Gospel truth, for he enforces the fact that 'goodness' is- impossible- apart from Jesus Christ. Mr."Yatman is 'a perfect glutton "for work.' Picnics, excursions, socialities, and the like have little, if any attraction for him. During the Sydney mission over 40 different public meetings were held, in ad dition- to-.which he addressed his workers,, his'vchoir,: an'd '/other ' semi-public': gather-: ings;'-:WOrk he will/arid -there"is' ho. slop ping -him; yet he is methodic, and-in a way careful.:' - To put all in a nutshell,/h'e! ismrthe truest sense of the words1 'a gocid. 