LETTER FROM COMMANDANT BOOTH. Commandant Booth, of the Salvation Army, has issued. the following circular letter from the Army headquarters in Mel-<*> bourne:— I "In accordance with the custom of the Salvation Arms- since its inception in the I old land, nearly 34. years ago, I am sending ont statements, as far as they re late to our work in these colonies, for the financial year which ended on September 30 last. With this opportunity I would like to express my deep appreciation of the Goodness of God during another year. Viewed from any standpoint, I do not think our history records such a rear as the one just closed. When we consider that is is only 17 years since the Salvation Army first commenced it great mission in these colonies, we are filled with wonder, love and nraise as tre review our position to-day. The advance has been more than phenomenal—only God could have done such glorious work —and the past year has more than ev?r confirmed me in the conviction that we have only to sustain the same spirit to ensure a repe tition of such blessings in the -days of years to corns. Before passing on to our financial statements I would like <to recall to mind a few of the items of interest which have occurred during the past year. Soul-saving—-Our work in this direction has been more than maintained, and we are filled with thankfulness for the power that has constrained 17,053 souls to kneel at our penitent-forms. Such an accomplish ment is tlie result of an influence far greater than mere excitement. These are the days of steady plodding and hand-to-hand con flict; and so magnificent a return has only been achieved by Divine blessing upon the devoted, self- sacrificing efforts of our offi cers, who, in many a back block town, toil i on amid diEcouragemente. Numbers of seekers hare become enrolled soldiers of the Army, and doubtless a good percentage have gone to swell the ranks of .other de nominations. Wherever ■ they may be found eventually, if sen-ing God, we jrive i Him all the dory. Our meetings—Perhaps our best evidence of our hold upon the crowd is the-fact that, in spite of the ever changing character of the population of toe colonies, the aggregate attendances at our various buildings are well maintained When we find that 187.400 persons, on the average, regularly attend our meetings every week throughout Australasia, can well praise God for giving us thus the ear of the needy and suffering. o*U£-£ropc?jrr"Anotbcr0 *U£-£ ropc?jr r"Anotbcr evidence of the stability of the work of the Salvation Army is the extent and value of its pro perty in the lands where it is in operation. When we commenced in Australia, we had no building of our own: to-dav, one of the valuable assets of the Army comprises 380 buildings and properties, acquired at a cost of over £276,000. This result has not been achieved without verv much sympathy from the people of these colo nies. We venture to think that the ac quirements of the past year have well de monstrated that, in very many places the people for whom we labor appreciate the efforts made, seeing they have contribu ted to such an extent as to make the pur chase of 30 new properties, adding to the value of our assets the sum of £27,000 a possibility, during one yeir. The financing of all this vast property necessitates a very heavy financial responsibility, but this only leads us to offer another note of praise for all the victories achieved in this direction. Our social work—ln this branch, as in others, gigantic strides have been made; but seeing our annual social report will be issued very soon, we need not refer at length to this, except to sly oar friends and the public generally such n record of advances as -will demonstrate in the most forcible way our claim to ?"** )i!Sl nends ?. f aU w4o are poor and down-trodden. The children's work— I have been privileged to give this a good deal of my personal attention during the year, and in conducting the junior annual meetings I have concluded that there is an illimitable field before the ArmV in this direction. Onr bands of love, where in the children are trained in manv use ful ways, have very largely increased in numbers and usefulness, eo that in addi tion to the purely religious training given the children attending our junior meet ""ti e^ ae?t' ag ia many wavs which will fit them to a degree to take their places in the world as useful men and wo men. .No tribute of praise is too great to render to the devote staff of workers w? have among the children. A deter mined effort has been made, and will be continued, to provide separate and ade quate buildinp accommodation for the children's work: much has been done in this direction this year. Our missionary J? ri ft. J ¥*-* i& jor Ctonmnifc with his devoted band of officers, has done crandlv daring the year, and their hallelujahs amid darkness, sickness, and difacultv nave come to us across the seas as a bene diction and an insoiration to toil on The future—And what can I ray more but that we are determined to goon. 'God is assuredly opening our way onward: the road K'<und is bestrewn with the memo ries of ten thousand victories! Our con cern now is to preserve the simplicity and zeal of the Army, which have hitherto bejn so signally owned bv God. The facts I hnve quoted could. I think, only be rea lised as the result «£ the nerseverine de votion oftrulv eonseerated men and wo men, inspired by the continual presence of the Holy Ghost. Such results are tlie fmits by which the Army should lie judged. With repard to our' officers, I ran only rf-Tpress my deep gratitude to Gad that Hp has privileged me to lead such multitudes of devot«l workers for His kingdom, and I would laVe this opportu nity of commending these, my comrades, to the kindly consideration of our friends who may happen to meet them in their own districts. And now, dear friends, allow me to refer to our financial state meets, which reveal to you what hat been done .with, the money received it oas territorial headquarters during the year. The Ktatemenls speak for themselves, as we have endeavored to present them in the most intelligible form, so that our stewardship should be projiorly accounted for. I throw myself and all I represent on your generous sympathy; will you pray for us'r Our hands arc full, and while toil ing with only the bare necessities of life, we would like to feel you were somewhat interested in this great work. Our own people, I trust, arc doing their best, and without a fear I am reiving upon the friends of God and the lovers of their fellows appreciating the struggles of our devoted toilers, who labor only for the good they may do." 