' A Woman's Wiles, '! — OR— ' Hpw a Husband was Won, ?: O ? ' CHAPTEB XIX. — Continued. ' I am barely in time,' she thought, and darted towards Barbara, who, dropping the curtain between them^ fled as if winged. Sweeping the v«l»' vet draperies, back, Lady Rosamond woo juov iu uutQ w Bee afluivuruiwvo beyond the second arch. Lord Sher wood, after a second's dazed hesita tion, plunged in the direction Barbara had gone, but Rosamond distanced him. Turning her head an she was entering the music- roony Barbara b&w; hec hated rival. The thought of be ing, overtaken by her was agony. She fairly flew as she crossed the -mueib? room, ^hen she was outside in the corridor, 'etill running. She heard a isoreaxn and a door Blammed. . Sho never knew how she got ineide her own room. No one waa there, but in a moment old Varra was there. 'I waa hiding in the shadows watching for you,' she said, ' ' pushed Lady Rosamond, and shut the door upon her.' The earl came running up io Lady Rosamond, - ' Did you eoream ?'* he asked, 'Yea; but I am not hurt. Some one pushed me, and shut the door. I cannot get it open.' She turned and ran baok to the drawing-room, and into the hall by the door opening from that. Her lips wen shut tight, her eyes flashed, as ?he looked eiiher way a moment, and then darting up the nearest staircase, ran along till she come to the roomB ocoupied by Barbara and old Varra1 No. sound came from within. She' listened some time, and then went back to the drawing- room. Lord Sherwood was not there. But he came in shortly. He looked grave. ' I have been to the tower rooms,'' he said. ' I thought she might have gone there.'.' Lady Boaamond was much excited. She looked very handsome. ' I am satisfied myself as to where she is,' she said. ' She is concealed in the rooms of those two Hindoo women.'' , The earl looked startled. '* Will you be seated, Lady Bosa * moad, and tell me why you think that?'' he stud. Rosamond allowed him to conduct her tb a chair ; but ehe-had no inten tion of telling him at present that the reason why'ahe auspeoted it waB be cause of what the dowagez countess* Lady Prynne, had seen in. the Hindoo /girl's trunks. She was sorry indeed, /jthat she had given utterunoea to her suspicion^ at all. The woman might be an adventuress, but she was very baautiful, and mere might be lost than gainod by a meeting between her and the man she (Rosumond) wished to marry. She therefore pretended to have only been 'jesting, and endeavoured to turn the conversation into more senti mental and personal channels. There wasonlyone subject thathad anyinter estforher. . But Lord Sherwood could , talk of noting except that strange; beautiful faco he had uesn in the glass. He could not help thinking about it, and so greatly excited was he on the Bubjbct. that-- only the obligations of courtesy kept him from leaving Lady Rosamond at once to institute fresh efforts for solving the mystery. ' I am sure I never knew anyone with a face like that.' he said, 'and yet it seems so familiar. But it is impossible.; I could never have seen any one who looked like that without remembering.it. Did you observe that dazzling fairness, Lady Rosamond, what clear, shining eyes, ju»-t suoh as a s|-|rjLt migbb have, and the pale, dead 1 gold of the hair ?' ' I d^jaot.' said Rosamond, with a - short laugfli. She was very angry. ... ' Jfc is the most outrageous piece o£ impertinent I ever heard of,' she continued. , - ' The woman must be either a ghost or crazy, to behave in such an ordinary manner.' ! ' Sfhs is not a ghost, at all events,' 1 ?aid. the eatl. ' See here !' He drew from his breastrpocket a 1 pearl-embroidered Blipperj . BO^- wnall that it looked as if it might belong ?fo ] a child. - : ' I found it on the floor ia the music- room/' lie -said. ' She must have' lost it us she was running away.' '' She P' cried Rosamond, seized with a sudden and intense hatred- of both the Clipper and . the supposed, owner. 'It in impossible that she eould hove ever worn thnt. bhe pro bably thrsw it down on purpose for you to find.'' ' Somo one has worn it,' said the enrl. . ' Some one with a very slender, arched- foot, too,' v ? I He held the .little . satin shoe upon the palm of hia hand, .and lookod atit admiringly-. Lady Bosdmond rose -in bitter a&ger; from her' chain \- She could haved _ soroamed .with rage, She would have liked to snatoh the slipper, from his hand .and throw [ it in the fire. He [had. been on the point of asking her to marry him, she was sure of it, before dinner. .Ho would certainly have done so this evening but for that mysterious wo mnu'eoming. , 'I wi«h he would go away, some where for a few days,' she thought, and I would find a way to get her out of the house. . Something warns me that she will ruin my plans if I do not.' ? CHAPTER XX. 1KB UNLUCKY TONGUE, Saddenly the ear! looked up. Lady Rosamond stood by -the fire; one little hand leaning .upon the carved mantel. She was loo king' down, so he could not see the anger in her eyes. He saw only, .a tiny childish figure, a small, head, ' running over wi3i curls.' The firelight shone on the crimson satin di'ess, on the dark bright face. It struck him all at once that he might not. .be. . entertaining her altogether agreeably. He. followed her. to the Are. . 'Are you cold, Lady BosamondP' he naked. ' A little,' ehe answered, without looking up. - 'How very small '.you are,' Lord Sherwood said, raising his arm; 'You could almost stand under my arm.' : Rosamond's checks crimsoned.' She flaahed him a look half shy, half saucy. - 'I can quite, my lord,' she said, moving a little nearer to him. What man, liking her as he did, though Jie was not in the least in love, would have resisted the temptation to. clasp the little nestling figure, which was so near, in a swift embrace P 'The earl looked down at her. In -his hand some dark eyes, a light shone that was almost tender. The fateful words perhaps trembled on his lips. In another moment they might have been spoken, had not the drawing-room opened, and to Rosamond's horror, the dowager countess, Lady Prynne, ap peared looking like some old ? malig nant fairy. She hobbled in, leaning lipu.u. elm stair Rosamond: supposed safe, ia her owu_ room.-- __ ; . 'She WM go'rgeousry arrayed in - the brocaded silk, and diamonds were flashing from her little shrunken figure. Lady Rosamond grew positively white with fury. Lord Sherwood sprang to the old countess's assistance. He wheeled a chair to the fire for her, and carefully supported her to it. Lady Prynne sank into its cushioned depths with a gasp *f relief, and a chuckle of delight and exultation. 'Lady Rosamond,' exclaimed the earl, suddenly, 'are you ill P You are so' pale.' Rosamond oould not trust herself to apeak for a moment, she. was so angry, and she knew very well it would never do to let the eorl see it. One glimpse of the volcano that was raging within her would, she felt, destroy all her chances with him. The couu teaa dowageir glanoed from ono to the other with little glittering eyes, 'I hope I don't intrude,'' she said, in her thrill tones. , ' Not at nil, Lady Prynne,' a.a'd the earl. ' I hope you have not overtasked your strength in coming down. I had no idea you were wall enough to leave your room.' , . . ' 'Indeed, she is not, Lord Sherwood,' Rosamond exclaimed, finding her Toice at last. ' The doctor said she risked her life in leaving her room. JL don'? know when I have been so frightened as I whr at seeing her. Mamma, how could you ?' ' ' ' I couldn't, Rosy, without my staff. And you-will never know how I got that,!Mj»dy Prynne said, with another chuckle. ' I have come to talk to the earl about my topazes.' Rosamond grew white again., ' -1-'- 1 wish iyou iwouldn't, inammo,' she said. ' : ' 1 tell you I will,' returned the old lady ; and she struck the floor with her staff in the old' emphatic way the earl remembered so well, and whioh always made him shudder, because it was aurp to prelude something espec ially disagreeable. ' Mamma, I beg of you' — -— began Rosamond. ? ? 'Rosy, mind your own - business,' ? said the old lady, shrilly. ' Robert Sherwood, I've lost a set of topazes in this house. They have been stolen; out of my, room, since I haya been Hiok. No. one could have taken them' but those Indian servants of yours. I came down to tell you that -if you do not. send for an 'officsr and have their rooms searched,- 1 shall.' Lord Sherwoud grew q^ito phle. Lady Rosamond who?: was watching him anxiously, noted that his lips were comprtfssed, and that his dark G.Yes gleatbed in- a way that she , had never seen tliem. before,. The earl was, indeed much irritated. .Then lie sud denly remethbored that the woman with 'whom he was verjr angry was very old. ^ery childish, und scarcely , reBgbriBjole for anything -she. said or . He had said .this -to himself a- - good many-. . times ' during. ...Lady Prynne's loug. visit' at the. house.' 'But the dowager possessed a peculiar fac : ? ulty for saying disagreeable things, and Buying iliem in the most aggrav ating- ninnner. ^She had made Lord Sherwoodjose his temper oftener than any oho else; ever, had- ; He ? resolved , now that ho would not be vexed by her. ' :,' :. ' When did you see your topazes last, Lady l'ryune,' he eaked, respect fully. ' I had them in my hand two weeks ago.' . ' When did you first miss them ?' ' I missed theni to-day.' . . '.What reason have' you for accus -ng those two poor Hindoo women of taking them P'' ' Because I know to my cost how ely those East Indians are. They could .not. have been stolen from1 under my yery nose' by any but a very cunning hand. I thought perhaps Rosy had taken them (when I first missed them.' Rosamond could not keep from shuddering-, j v. ' And is jour only reason for sus pecting therrt boc&u;'se of your preju dice againstjtheir race P' ' That is ieaioh enough,' said tha old lady lady, using her staff. . ' And what did I Bee in that girl's boxes ? Answer me that, Robert Sherwood.' /? That was. nothing to da. with it. You saw nothing ithere that belonged to you, I believei you told:; me P' - 'But it waa all stolen goods. It must .have been. How 'else came a girl in her position to hav# jewels and Ibices and satin' dresses ?'? . ' Wo; .have nothing to do with that either,' said ;the . earl biting his lips. \- We have no right to assume ..they are! stolen, because we do not know where they came -from;' - Tha old dowager -8at nodding her head ot him. ' Very well,' she said,. ' we , won't assume it. But I mean to have a senrch made for myitopazes.' ' It shall bo .. done, Lady Prynne. But I shall Bend for an officer. But he ehall searoh every room in the house, ..as well as. those of the two women. He shall search mine first, and yours and Lady Rosamond's here next. Then, if the jewels are not dis covered he shall begin with the ser vants.' Lady Rosamond- might have known there was no likelihood of the threat being -carried . out. But conscience, whioh makeB such cowards of ua all, turned her oold With fear. ' Mamma,' she cried, 'why will you insist upon being so disagreeableP I daresay you have only mixlaid your topazes yourself. You will find them somewhere.' ' Perhaps you can find them for me P' said the dowager, with a sneer. 'I think 1 should like to try,' said Rosamond, going to Lord Sherwood's side, and Bpenking to him iu a low tone. He nodded assent without speaking, and Lady Rosamond turned to .her mother. . ' You will, wait till I have cearohed your, -will iyA»i Maumra^ just. to please I,'ord Sherwood ?' - ~'^«-Oh, oeftainly/^said the old count ens, in a sarcastic voice. ' I am not in such a hurry but what ' I ? can wait -long enough for that.' ' You are tired, mamma,' said Ros amond ; 'you ought to bo in your bed thin moment.' The dowager was ready to faint with weariness. She . bad greatly overtasked her strength in her obstin ate determination to come down to the drawing-room. But she was hot ready to own it. She sat up instantly as straight as her own staff. ' You are talking of what you know nothing at all about, Rosy,'' she said sharply. ?' If you and Lord Sherwood don't want me here, that-is one thing — lean go; but don't- pretend you think' it is because I am tired.' ' My dear Lady Prynne,' said the earl, 'why should wo not-want you here?' ;- The dowager countess looked at Rosamond with a significance that made her shiver again. ' 1 wonder what dreadful thing she is going to say now P' she thought. Lady Prynne simtered a little, and coughed. 'I don't know, I am sure,' she said looking, away from him pointedly. '.You must excuse mo for speaking so. Lord Sherwood j but Rosy and I havie no seorels,'' ; -.The earl looked puzzled, but smiled. Rosamond was in torture. There were so ninny - things that Lady Prynne might say that, would ruin her for eyer it. Lord -Sherwood's estimation ; but she foroe'd heranif .^to ; smile, and say, guily : - ' ' You must dot tell Lord. Sherwood our .se'cretsfj mamma. ' We .cannot afford to share tliem'with him.' Lady Prynne simpered uguin, and looked ut the enrl. ' Did you ever see suoh a :girl ? So fond of me, too! We never mean to be separated again, 'either — I want you to understand that. Roborr Sherwood.''. The earl smiled. ' I bib very glad to hear it. You two, mother- and daughter, ought to live together. You are quite able to have an establishment of your own, lady Prynhf, and it is what you should do.' - The miserly old dowager looked at him in sudden horror. .. ' An eBtai-li»hment o£ ' my ? own P Never, Robert Sherwood ! . Wot While Rosy lives.' ' Mamma,' interposed ' Lady Rosa mond, and it had never in her 'life cost her'so.muah to speuk sweetly, '' I. am sure you ought to go back to your own room now. May I ring for Garth 'No' said Lady, Prynne. . ' I beg your pardon,'' said Lord Sherwood. ' I euppaaed that was what you meant.' ; The staff was lifted suddenly and struck upon the floor. ' I don't believe you supposed ? any suoh tiling, Lord Sherwood. You ktiew what I meant,' ' I assure you, Lady Prynne,' the earl began,- amazed at ;the r≥ she was in. ? But befero she oould utter another word she tried to rise from thei Chair. He sprang to assist her, but between her anger and her weakness,- and in haste, she fell. He was beside' her) he was lifting her up almost'- before she hit the carpet. Lady Rosamond screamed^ The poor childish old oountess was quite stills -She1 had got another of what *he oalled'her at tncks. Lord Sherwood spoke to Lady Rosamond. ' I will carry her to her room. You had better aend some one for a dootor, and then follow me.' ' Rosamond - assented, - and . the earl listed the unconscious dowager. '' He met Garth 'not far' away. ' I expected this,' a^o said. 'I did all I could to keep ner from going down, but if 'Was of no use.'*. ' How did she get her etaf£ P' asked Lady Rosomond, as eopn as the earl had gone. 'I don't know. She muat have eent one of the maids after :it iomo time when I was not here. The first Iknew, she had it.' Mrs Beck had been in and helped Garth to remove all the '. poor old woman's finery. ' They had undressed her -and got her in bed. The ; doctor had not come yet. Then Mrs. Beok had gone again, promising to return. Rosamond stood looking down at her mother as she lay. ; ' I don't wish her any harm, Garth. You know what sort of a mother she has been to me. But I doTiope she won't leave this room again very soon. I don't mean that T want her to be siok, or to suffer ; but I do want to keep her aw'ay from Lord Sherwood. I . believe she has got the' unluckiest tongue that ever a woman had.' CHAPTER XXI. ...... SIB GIVENS GBANTEEY, .- The dowager countess of Pyrnna po ssessed a wonderful tenaoity of life. . She rallied from this last attaok, contrary to the expebtation of every one, and seemed to grow strong more rapidly than ever before. She fretted continually about her topazes. 'Wait,' said Lady Rosamond, ' till some day when the earl is absent for a day or two, and have an officer in to search them..- If he is not here he can't object, and if you find your jewels, he will not have any reason, for objeoting.' The siok woman assented to this plan, but rather suspiciously. ' I don't believe you mean it, Rosy, she said, with her small black eyes glittering. ' 'Tou-wllX flnd^lHat TUojr* suumvos 'smondj with a strange smile. Some days had passed since . Lady Prynne'a last attack. Lord Sherwood, without, exactly avoiding Rosamond, had certainly not sought her. If he met her, lie spoke so pointedly of the necessity for her' Btaying with her mother, as if he did not expect to Bee much of her while she remained so ill, that Lady Rosa mond felt that any different course from that which he seemed to expeot from her would cost her bis esteem. Lord Sherwood was not conscious that he was avoiding her. He had felt uncomfortable, disturbed, and restless ever Bince that evening on whioh Lady Prynne had taken ill again. He could: not look in a glass without thinking of- the face that had gazed at him so wistfully from the. one in the drawing^ioom. . Who was she P To his own- surprise tbe ^ques- tion distressed him ; yet he could not have told why. He could not have told why he was reluctant to question any of his Hindoo servants concerning her. ' He had never even addressed Selon upan that subject but that one time. But he watched them all. -Those few words whioh Lady Rosa mond had incautiously lot fallconcern ing the mysterious woman being con cealed in the rooms of the two Varras had made a deep impression upon him. He suspected, from many trifles which he now recalled, that whatever., the mystery was, his three Hindoo servants knew it. He remembered, too, .that -when their rouniB were searched - with the rest of the house at the time ha pre tended to be going to make ^repairs, potbingiSuspioiouB .was fouud- in fcheir chambers more than in those of others. It was strun'ge that he: never once thought of the possibility, of Burbara being alive still, and of her being this mysterious stranger. But she had so jaltpred. ThiB , queenly, tall, , daz zling-faced woman bore no trace for .him of that little Barbie of so long ago so loved and lost, so mourned still. Three times he had beheld this my sterious 'stranger. ; . Her . face'.- as he saw it in the glass haunted him. It enme between him -and his plans of marrying. Its eyes, so deep, so wist- : ful, so'.beaufcifult seemed to implore, to reproach,' to entreat by turns. Still he had not- abandoned his idea of marrying Lady Rosamond. Ho thought it his duty, as the representative of an old nnd noble line, to many, c and' he hod that horror qf^going oUt into the gay world to look for a wife whioh was a natural consequence of the se cluded life in which he had' been so long. Lady Rosamond pleased hjs fancy; in her bright, childish ways, her attractiveness. She satisfied his judg ment. When ho was with her, ho im agined it would be very easy to learn to love her as well as he could ever love nny woman now. . Lady Rosa mond meanwhile was full of gloomy forebodings. , - (To be Continued. J 