Church Parade at St. Mary's. I Taking advantago of the presence of tho band of the New South Wales Lancers, Captain Markwell arranged for the holding of a military church parade on Sunday, which proved to be very attrac tive to the public and successful in ltBelf. oince tne romoval of the band from Maitland, where it was first established, to the headquarters of tho regi ment at Parramatta, now over a year ago, this is the first occasion on which the band has made a visit to tho country. It was part of tho under standing when Captain Markwell agreed to the romoval of tho band that they should come to Mait land at lca9t once a year at the expense of tho regi ment, and oftener if required, provided the expense of bringing them up was borne by the Maitland half squadron or otherwise. The public, who had a taste of the deliarhtful music rendered by the band on the Park on Saturday afternoon and from the balcony of Mr. Geo. Galton's shop on Saturday night, were again attracted in large numbers to the Cbuich parade, the streets on tho lino of .march to St. Mary'u being crowded with spectators, and the church itself was unable to provide seating accommodation for all who attended. It waB esti mated that 850 persons wero beated, and there were some hundreds standing. The Maitland and Morpeth Companies of In fantry joined with the Lancers in the parade. The men were formed up at the corner of High and Hunter-streets at half-past ten, in the following order: — Lancer Band, with Bandmaster Watters conducting; Maitland Half-Squadron of Lancers, Captain Markwell in command, with whom were Lieut. Nicholson, and Hon. Surgeon-Captain Alcorn; B. Company of infantry in command of Lieut. Nash, with whom were Lieuts. McGlinn (Quarter-Master) and Norman Peek; and D Com pany in command of Captain Williams, with whom were Lieuts. G. Wayne and Leo. Dwyer. Majors Cracknell and Sloan of the Reserve of Officers and StnlT-Sergrants Winch (of the Lancers), and Dransfield (of the Fourth 'Regiment Infantry), also attended the parade. Major Waddy, as senior field officer present, was in command of the troops. Be fore the order was given to move off the band plnyed a stirring march, ' Starlight Dell,' in front of Mr. M. Waday's residence at the Commercial Bank, that gentleman deserving the compliment, as he was a good friend in the past to the old regi mental band. At 10.40 the troops moved off to the music of the band, and on reaching the PoBt Office Lieute. Nash, McGlinn, and Dwyer broke off to attend Mass at St. John's Cathedral, while the hand and the lancers mustering 58, and the infan try numbering 52, marched to St. Mars's, where a large congregation bad assembled. The officers were provided with seats in the chancel, the men being seated in the body of the church, while the band assisted the choir, which consisted of fifty voiceB, Mr. G. F. King, A R.C.O., conducting and presiding at the organ. The church was attractively and appro priately decorated for the occasion. The pul pit waa draped with the Royal Standard and Union Jack, the Lectern with tbe American BtarB and stripes, and the reading desk with the Australian flag. The service waB of a bright and hearty character, and the hymns in which the band joined with the choir were beautifully rendered. The opening voluntary, played by the organist, was ' March Militaire' (Gounod), and the hymns included 'Onward, Christian Soldiers,' and ** Soldiers of Christ arise,' the concluding volun tary being ' Hail, Bieased Morn,' rendered by the Lancer Band alone. At . the offertory the organist rendered that delightful and delicate voluntary ' Elf-Land,' (Burnett), and a march of his own comnoaition. The choir rendered very nicely the Te Deuiit to Jackson'd Betting and Bridge water's Jubilate, the solopart being beautifully Bung by Mrs. C. B. Worden.s There was such a grand blending of vocal and instrumental music in tbe rendering of that stirring bymn ' Onward, Chris tian Soldiers,' that we are told, the sweet strains could be plainly heard on Telarah Hill. The Rector, the Eev. Arthur ICill wortb, LL.B.. nreached an eloouent and appropriate sermon. He took for, his text the words of l3t. Mark, xv., 89 : — ' And whan the centurion, which stood over against him, saw that he cried out, and gave up the ghost, he said — Truly this man was the Son o£ God.' At the conclusion he thanked the military for their atteadance,-and complimented them on their soldierly bsaring. After service the troops, beaded by the Lancer Baud, were marched down to the Post Office, where the infantry w» re dismissed, and the Lancers marched back to the Orderly Eoom. 