NIew South Wales Parliament. -o SPECIAL FEDERAL SESSION. ADDRE6SS IN REPLY ADOPTED. (Bn Ertmcmc TcrzOao,.) [raOM OUB owN COBBSBPONDEST.J SYDNEY, February 22. The Legislative Council, to-day, after pre-. senting the address in reply tothe Governor, ·adjourned until Wednesday next. In the Legislative Assembly, the debate on the address in reply was resumed by Mr, i Pries, who congratulated the Rovernment on their change of front with regard to federation, to bring about whiob Mr. Want, the arch-destroyer of federation, had to leave the colony. Theonly people who had cause of complaint now, he said, were those who formed the party led by Reid against the COommonwealth Bill. Mr. Hughes compared the arguments of Mr.Reid to-day with his argments some -months ago, and said Mr. Reid would have been a great statesman if he had been born dumb, but the ghosts of his dead speeches were oontinually rising up to challenge him. He (Mr. Hughes) would vote to send the CommonwealthBillto the people, but would move an amendment that the votein favour of the bill should not be binding unless Queeneland joined in the federation, as,if Qsueenaland did notjoin, black labour could not be excluded. Mr. Haynes said that as a demoorat he most vote for sending the bill to the people, but he would take care that the people were informed of the dangers and difficulties which would arise from the passing of the measure, which curtailed the power of the people to govern themselves. He asserted that those who spoke most valiantly about federation had most bitterly opposed allre fotms. Mr. Neild compared Mr. Reid at the con ference of Premiers to the man who went down to Jericho and fell among thieves. He styled the Premier the "dynamitard of free trade." The debate generally was desultory in charaoter, Mr. Reid coming in for a goed deal oferiticism as regarded his shifty policy on federation. Mr. Lyne asked Mr. Storey to withdraw hisamendment. Mr. Storey refused to do so, but allowed the amendment to be negatived on the voices. The address in reply was then agreed to on the voices. 