THE GIMCRACK CLUB. [Chronicled by W. T. G.] The usual weekly meeting of the Gimcrack Club was held at the rooms on Wednesday night the President (Mr Phineas Gripsnap) occupying the chair. Mr. Chogsop said he observed the Wrong Unworshipful the Stallion of Sydney—— The President : Order ! Order ! ! HORDER ! ! ! What does this disgraceful language mean ? Mr Chogsop : Well I see he objects to the Town Clerk sending his letters addressed ; “The Right Worshipful the Mayor of Sydney,” so I thought I'd try and please him by being as opposite to the title as possible. The President : To whom does the honor able member allude ! Mr. Chogsop : To whom else but Mayor Harris ? The Town Clerk had committed a gross offence, even Alderman Chapman could not have been grocer. The Clerk had sent a letter of condolence to the Governor and instead of signing it on behalf of the Mayor had signed his own name. This was unpardonable. It might lose the Mayor a possible knighthood when, in his third year of office the new century dawned and titles were scattered like the dust on Brickfield Hill in a southerly buster. The duty of the Town Clerk was to receive the Mayor on bended knee and to clean all the Aldermen's boots if called upon. Mr Waddlekin said it was all very well for the Mayor to talk about wanting a man of ideas as Town Clerk but everybody thought that the most dangerous thing for a Town Clerk to do would be to express an idea. There were 24 members of the City Council and if a new idea were sprung upon them about 19 would be seized with simul- taneous paralysis of the cerebrum. Mr. Snagglewit : The how much ? Mr. Waddlekin : The cerebrum. He pre- sumed the honorable member had not such a thing about him. Mr. Snagglewit : I'll take five to four my celebrum's as big as your cerebrum, any way. Mr. Waddlekin did not wish to argue the point. The honorable member's cerebrum might be as big as the dome of St. Paul's Cathedral for all he knew. It was not so much the size of the head as the thickness of the skull that marked the degree of in- telligence. It was a mistake for the Mayor to grow hungry after new ideas. Such a thing was opposed to the essential principles of civic Government. Mr. Snagglewit : Oh Sydney has a splendid Mayor Who ornaments the civic chayor ; He always takes a deal of cayor To be most scrupulously fayor. He sometimes has an angry ayor, But that is neither here nor thayor. It is a thing extremely rayor To find so excellent a Mayor ! Mr. Wriggletwist said the Keystone of the Acrobatic Arch, whose other name was O'Sulllvan, was very anxious to know what had become of Mr. John Want, Q.C. Mr. Want had chiefly distinguished himself during his term of office by being some- where else most of the time. Nor could he be blamed. So long as the country was pre- pared to put up with a mean, contemptible, crawlsome, sycophantic Parliament that would allow the chief officers of the State to spend their time abroad while their salaries were still going on it was all right. Did any sane man doubt that Mr. O'Sullivan or any other member would be happy to grab at a billet like Mr. Want's ? So long as the country and Parliament liked to put up with Mr. Want drawing his screw and spending his time abroad it was all right. The President : But suppose the Govern- ment is turned out of office ? Mr. Wriggletwist was astonished at the President being so lamentably ignorant of Parliamentary methods. When a Govern- ment had a majority it was understood that it could be abused and sometimes threat- ened, but nobody expected anything to come of it. Mr. Chuckleben: Has he ventured in the jungle On a frisky elephant ? Is he quartered at Omdurman With the latest Commandant ? Shall we hear of him by Christmas ; Will he tell us if we shan't ? Oh, we want to learn the whereabouts Of Old Jack Want ! Is he made of alabaster ? Is he made of adamant ? Can't the beggar hear us calling, Can't he hear our bosoms pant ? Does he wander in Sahara Where the raiment's very scant ? Oh, we want to know the whereabouts Of Old Jack Want! Oh, he can’t have gone to Britain, That's impossible, he can't ! He may be at Monte Carlo If he only gets the slant, But he couldn't be in London With it's canting and it's rant, And we want to know the whereabouts Of Old Jack Want ! Is he gliding through old Venice Where the gondoliers chant, With a song of sweetest music Set to words inelegant ? Oh, will no one tell his hiding-place, Will no one tell his plant ? For we want to know the whereabouts Of Old Jack Want ! The President did not think it was quite in order to speak of the Attorney-General as “Old” Jack Want. Mr. Want was just in the prime of life and billets. It was rumored that he had had an attack of whooping-cough, contracted during the Anti-Federal campaign last July, and com- plete rest at £40 a week was the best cure for whooping cough. No doubt Mr. Want would return in the fullness of time. Mr. Snagglewit: Our Jack's coming home some day ! Just now he's far away ; He'll draw full screw For a year or two, But he'll come home some day ! Mr. O'Moses did not think the matter was worth discussing. If the Labor Party had a soul above £6 a week, they might raise strong opposition ; but the business of the present Labor Party was to jump as the Premier pulled the strings. They were even more subservient than the Minis- terialists proper. A more important matter was the visit of Mr. John Norton to Brisbane. He noticed that the Khalifa had contracted leprosy through running away with an Emir's wife and Mr. Norton was probably arranging to have him admitted to Queensland. Mr Snagglewit : I thought Mr. Norton had gone there to give Parry Okeden a few points in conducting a criminal prosecution. Mr. O'Moses : Not at all. Mr. Norton's object is to instruct Queensland politicians in the art of politics. It was the invariable rule of Mr. Norton when he went into a thing to take entire charge of the proceed- ings. He hoped that Mr. Norton's address on federation in Brisbane would be laid to heart, though as Mr Oily Dickson had not a substantial majority, it was probable that the Queensland Government would go on as before borrowing money on the public credit to bolster up cronk banks in which leading politicians had large overdrafts. The Labor Party in Queensland were a hopeless lot. He thought it was a foolish thing of Mr. Norton to go to Brisbane to cast pearls before the local politicians. Mr McParritch deprecated the attack that was being made on Mr. George Adams in the columns of TRUTH. Mr. Adams was a philanthropist who desired to help his fellow-man. All he asked was 10 per cent. In these days when people growled about having to pay 7 or 8 per cent. for the use of a bank's money it was quite reasonable to pay somebody else 10 per cent. for taking care of theirs. As to black-mailing owners, what did people run horses for if not to get a whack of sweep money. He thought owners were much too lenient to drawers of horses. Seeing that it rested with an owner whether his horse started or not, why shouldn't he demand three-fourths of the prize instead or one-third ? If it came to that what right had the public to expect to get any money back at all ? Clearly it was Mr. Adam's duty to consider the horse owners first, seeing that he made his money out of the public. That was as clear as Mr. Reid's explanation of the financial clauses of the Federation Bill. Mr. Podbuiy heartily agreed with the previous speaker. Mr. Adams was merely earning an honest living. He only did what the law allowed, like the divorce court lawyer who charged £20 for getting £25 out of a petitioner in a divorce suit to pay the respondent's costs. It was a blessed thing that when a man wanted to get a divorce from his wife he had to pay her costs as the case went along, and showed that justice ruled the land. But talking about the persecution of poor Mr. Adams—— Mr. Chuckleben : Oh there was a dandy owner who was some thing of a Jonah, And he couldn't earn sufficient for to pay his horses' keep ; And the various expenses would have settled his pretences If he hadn't worked the oracle by dealing with a sweep ! With a sweep, with a sweep, He had always been asleep, Till he learned to work the oracle by deal- ing with a sweep ! Now his name it was McHaggis from the country where the stag is, And his portion of the caution was parti- cularly Iarge. He was cute and he was clever, and was ready to endeavor To arrange a little matter at a reasonable charge ! At a reasonable charge, Which is Scottish persiflage, He would always run a stiff 'un at a rea sonable charge ! Not a trainer e'er was smarter, for he always had a starter, And he often had a couple and he always let em go. Though on no Australian courses were there ever seen such horses, For they looked as if he trained 'em in the art of going slow ! In the art of going slow, Very cunning thing you know, When you train a team of horses in the art of going slow. But McHaggis, he confesses, got the names and the addresses Of the men who drew his horses and the men who drew the rest. “Half the winnings” was his system—it was useless to resist him— And he got a price for stiffening from others in the test ; From the others in the test, All the others thought it best, When McHaggis mildly mentioned he would give his lot a rest ! So McHaggis went on swimming, all the cream he was a-skimming ; But became a godly elder when he'd made his little heap. When the Bible he's embracing he will tell you that in racing There is nothing to be made unless you learn to work the sweep. You must learn to work the sweep, And to shear the single sheep, For you can't do much in racing if you do not work the sweep ! Oh you cannot race for prizes, not with standing what the size is Though it used to be the fashion in the days of long ago ! But the owners consolation is the monster consultation And he ought to pray both night and day for Tattersall and Co ! Pray for Tattersall and Co., They're the owners friends you know. And they really need some praying for, do Tattersall and Co ! Mr. McParritch objected to his country being used for such a purpose as that of the last speaker or reciter. Scotchmen did not go in for horse-racing. They were far too sensible. Mr. Snagglewit : Do you know how to catch a Scotchman ? Mr. McParritch : I do not Mr. Snagglewit : Catch him coming to Australia, you'll never catch him going back to Scotland ! Mr. McParritch ; Why ye domned bletherin' idgit, if they had ye in Aberdeen they'd snap off yer spindle- shanks to stir the parritch wi' ! The President : Order, gentlemen, order ! You may threaten to pull each other's noses, for that is strictly Parliamentary, a point which was decided by the Speaker the other night, but you mustn't be offensive. Both honorable members will withdraw and apologise. Mr. McParritch : Well, I'll apologise, but I'll pull his nose if he says I'm inn- capable ! The President : That's right ; now you're in order according to Parliamentary prece- dent ! Mr. Snagglewit also withdrew his remark, but he regarded the honorable member as a skunk. The President : That's quite right. We have the precedent of the Premier for showing that it is allowable for one honor- able member to call another a skunk. Mr. McParritch said he desired to say a few words on Freemasonry. There had been a good deal in TRUTH about this ques- tion. Freemasonry was a noble institution that was invented to enable married men to have a jolly evening without being inter- rupted by a parcel of women. The aim of Freemasonry was high, but the members were bad shots. The objectionable feature of the order was that the members suffered from chronic influenza. The President : What on earth do you mean ? I have been the Junior Grand Hod- carrier and Senior Mortar-mixer for several years and never heard of masons being more liable to influenza than other people, before. Mr. McParritch : I mean they always have the grippe. The first secret taught in freemasonry was that if there was no rain for three months at a stretch it would be a bad season for sheep and cattle. This momentous secret had been handed down from the time of Solomon, and had never been divulged. Mr. Snagglewit : Suppose it were divulged what would happen ? Mr. McParritch: Something very terrible. Mr. Snagglewit : What's the pass word ? Mr. McParritch : There are many, but the principle one is, “Have you got a spare half-crown about you.”, The answer to this is always the same. It never changes. It is “Go and chew somebody else's lug.” The President thought it hardly fair to Masonry that the secrets of the order should be disclosed in this manner. He would ask the reporter not to take any notes of Mr. McParritch's remarks or else he migh be excommunicated by the Lord High Plasterer. The reporter promised to take no notice of the revelations, but afterwards considered that they might be as interesting to readers of TRUTH as some of the other things that had been said about Masonry. Mr. Chuckleben : When Brother McPherson came home from the lodge His speech was remarkably thick ; He tried every possible kind of a dodge, But all he could utter was “Hic !” He took off his boots at the foot of the stair. And he trod on the end of a tack ; And though he was awfully anxious to swear, He couldn't say nothing but “Hack !” Then his lady came down to inquire how he was, And he got such a terrible shock ; And he couldn't explain what had kept him, because, He couldn't say nothing but “Hock !” So it's hic, and it's hack, and it's hock, And you find, with a terrible shock, The language you're pat in Is juvenile Latin, At twenty-past-two by the clock ! Mr. Podbury said he had some really awful news to impart. He found on perusing a London newspaper, that Lord Beauchamp was next door to a teetotaller ! Mr O'Swankey : Never ! Mr. Podbury : I mean the man who lives next door to him in London is a teetotaler. Mr. O'Swankey : Ah ! Mr Podbury said that it was nevertheless reported that Lord Beauchamp's guests found great difficulty in getting a second whiskey and soda. Also he was fond of the society of the clergy. Mr. O'Swankey ; Great Cæser's ghost ! and this is the man that Joe Chamberlain's sends out here to bond the silken binds ! Mr. Snagglewit : You mean bind the silken bonds. Mr. O'Swankey : Don't mean nothin' of the sort. Know what I mean if you don't ! Just fancy—oh, but we'll soon teach him better manners. The Government House push won't stand any of his one-man-one- whisky nonsense. Why its a menace to the solidarity of this great and glorious Empire on which the sun never rises. Mr. Snagglewit : Never sets you mean. Mr. O'Swankey : How can it rise if it never sets ? The President : Order, gentlemen, order ! Mr. O'Swankey : Well, what are you going to order? I've been sitting here for two hours with a throat like a lime-kiln, and you talk to me about one whisky and Beauchamp's pills. One whisky be blowed. I move we adjourn to Andy Kelly's and ask his opinion about it. One whisky indeed, what next? If I go to Government House I’ll take my one whisky in the rain-guage. The motion was carried, and the club ad- journed to the Clare Castle. 