A LAWYER BURGLAR. A grey-haired man wilh a prematurely old face thambled into the vestibule of a restaurant one night, and pressing his face against the glass door gazed, hungrily la at the throng anruod the tables. Aboutthree tables frofff I he door sat a man iu earnest conversation with another mau.when he hap pened to glance up and see the iiggaard face pressed against- tho pane. He slatted, looked intently at the face, and then jump ing from his chair ran lo the door. He grabbed (be arm of the groy-haired man, who had started to go away, whispered a few words to him, came back and got hiB hat and coal, and then left the restaurant. His friend sat at (he table patiently awaiting his return. The man who went out was a detec tive, who had come to tako back a fugitive from justice, aod the man who eat waiting for him was an officer who liad beeu enter taining him, ll was almost an hour before the delccrive returned. He came in looking very much pertorbed threw himself in his chair, sod sold: — " Talk about seeing ghosts! I though , I'd seen one then. That niau there has jivj risen from the grave. Die dead alive agaL». or, at least, I know Bcvctal tuudied people who'd think so if they'd seen thai uiau as I saw him looking through that door an hour ago. But Iic'b flesh and blood, aud would you believe it, he's worth £600 in the ma rket to day." If there was £10,000 reward oul against him I wouldn't tako him in. Why, there wasn't a question but what he was dead. Thol'e why 1 called him a ghoet, and he is but a ghost of what he was a few ysara ago. Ten yearB ago there was a series of rob beries, evidently tlic work of an expert LRiuksojau that we were hard put to il to gel auy clue of the ideality of the man. I slatted on the -theory that no local man could do such work. Burglar alarms, safes, and watchmen were alike of no avail against this individual, uod in not one instance was a job of liib discovered until business hours the following day. Now, about a month before these burglaries began a youug lawyer moved to town, opened an office, took & house io tho fashionable part of lhecity,aud, wilh hiB wife, began to cut quite a figure in local society. I shall call him Jauios Wright. Uo tteemeti to have pleuly of money, and bis wife, who was very pretty, became very popular. As for Wright, he was a handsome young fellow, with the figure of an Apollo, and a knack of attiiiDg himself in becoming clothes that speedily won for him the reputation of being the best dressed niau in town. I went lo my room at seven o'clock one morning, having worked all night at one of llu-se lobberics. An hour later 1 was I'ouscsd by a newspaper reporter who bad assisted ine in several of my cases,- and brought me the news that Blank's Bank had been entered during the uight, the vaults opened, und £2,01)0, stolen. When I goL to Lhe bank and looked over the grouod I realised for (he Hnsl time what a clever uiao I was up ngaiust in the work of running down the author of (bote robberies. For a week I frequented all the low resorts in town, hoping to get a due, but it was all in vain. The lougli characters iu town were as much mybtitied over these robberies as I was. Ever since the robbery of Blank's bank 1 had carried with me a brass button that I had found in the vault there. I hadn't much hope of ever getting hold of uiy man through it, but it was a clue, and, without saying a word about my find to anybody, 1 carried it with me always and jast waited for some thing to turn up. It happened in thiB way: — " The Wright's gave a fancy dress ball. It was the sweliesl social functiou in years, and local society turned out lo it. The Chief seat me to that ball to Bort of look out for thiogs, for the women had all their jewellery out. I suddenly saw something which made mo start. A man dreBsed sw a coBtcrmougor walked across tho floor and spoke to a muBkcd lady. Then he walked out into the h&llandwent; upstairs. 1 Who was that man?' I asked lather abruptly of a wuiuau 1 had been talking to. ' I don't know,' Bho eaid, but if you really want to know -I cau fiod out, for the woman he spoke to is our hostess, Mrs. Wright.' 1 1 have a reaBon for wanting to know,' 1 said, and my companion walked acroBB the room without hesitation and sat down beside Mrs. Wright. I tell you I was on the unxious seat then. Why? Ob, noth ing, excepting that on the legs of the coster- monger's trousers, down at the bottom, there were little rows of brass buttons, and I had sceu ihai one was missing from lbe left leg, aod that the buttons corresponded with the one I found in Blanks bank. ' Why, that was Mr. Wright,' said my messenger, return ing; 4 now take me out and got me some lunch.' How 1 wauled to drop her Ihut moment and gel to work. But I went, siio chatting merrily and I with my thoughts any where but willi her. When wu got in tbe ball, out of eight of the other gnestB, she speedily brought me to my senses. Gripping me by the arm, she looked me squarely in the face and said: — See here, you're a detective. 1 know it. Now, what do you want of Mr. Wright?' She laughed right in my face. ' Are you go ing to tell me or not?' sheBaid. 4 Madam,' I said, for I saw there was no use trifling with her, I do not koow you, and if I did I would have no right to disclose mat tors i hat at e con fided to me by iny superiors. 1 am a detective here by invitation of your host, to concern myself with the welfare of his guests and lo do nothing else. I have not sought to Lhrast uiyseTf-ou any of the guests and'— 4 You shall tell me this thing at once,' ehe said, paying no attention to my apologies. 4 You can trust me. Look and sec if you can't,' and she raised her mask. 1 had been talking to the wife of the President of the Board of Felice Commissioneis, a woman famous therefor her cleverness. 4 1 happen to know the woik you've keen engaged on of late. I'm in terenled, too. Ik it Wright?' I made no . answer. 4 Is it Wrigh(?'she inuisied, etump I ing her foot. 4 I cannot talk eucIi things ! with you here,' 1 said. 4 Come to my house to morrow,' she said. 4 Before you go, \ though, let me warn you to act quickly if ; you're going to act at all. These people are nearing the finish.' f I called next morning, and she told me the facts. Like all clever men, she said, Wright j has a weakness, lie adores that wife of his and trusts her. £he is a bad womau and has an affair on hand now. He has no money i save what he gels from lime to time, the life ! is dangerous, and it wouldn't surprise mo if ; she skipped out with one of our proiuiuunl . citizens at any time. If Wright bad a sub- j pjcioa of llhs be'd kill her without a doubt. J You must act quickly or all your woik will j be in vain. j Shortly after leu o'clock the next uioruiog 1 the president of the bank in the city was j seated in liis private office when Mr. Jauies ! Wright's curd was handed lo liim. Show I Mr. Wright in.' he Maid. Mr. Wright walked in and sat down. Mr. I'ruHideM,' ; he said. ' 1 ain going to leave town to-day for' good. My wife lias already gone, bul an I had a matter of business to attend to be fore going 2 stayed over.' 4 Exactly, Mr. ' Wright, exactly,' said the President. 1 want a cheque for £4, 0U0,' said Wright. 4 A , very laige amount,' said the President. ' Have you the cash near by?' My dear sit , I haven't a cent in llie world.' 4 But, Mr. Wright, we can scarcely — ' 'Now I'm not here to argue,' said Wright, ' but to get tire , money. My lirueisvery limited. Since 1 bave been in town I bave bad to depend on lbe carlessness and stupidity of its well-to-do ; citizens for a livelihood. You will excuse me if I insist oo a little baste iu this matter/ and Mr. Jatncs Wright pulled oullwoidiiuy new revolvers. ' It would pain oic vciy much to have to use these.' he said, ' but if it becomes necessary 1 shall use them with- out- hesitation. Now please write the cheque.' The President, a man ovcr„ sixtv, was mightily frightened, and he wrote oul a cheque for £4.000 and tossed it over to Wright. ' TirKt? it ami go, you damoed scoundrel, 1 he said. 'Not m» fast, not so fust,' said Wngiil- ' Your cashier would certainly think I wiifc joking if 1 took this cheque oul te him. And you, what would you be doing ? I don't Munpcsi' you'd sit here patiently, ««<»uld you ? No, no, my dear sir. you will ' come t«» the cashier willi nir, will order him thihrlreque, then we will return here ( Md i"Uot the money, after which I will lock you in the room and depart, and, by the wav, if there ie the slightest interruption lb tbe proceedioge I will put a ballet through my head, but first I will send one to your heart.' Not&mao;, woman, or child could be fouod who saw him after be left tho bank. A descriptoin of liim was sent out through the couotry. £2,000 reward was offered for his capture, but five years ago the rewaids were all withdrawn, save one of £20, which still stands. Aa for Mrs. WrightjShe eloped with a prominent citizen, and before she got through with him he wbs almost a baokrupu" 4> And that was Mr. Jaoies Wiight whose face wo saw pressi-d against the glass door to-night?" asked the officer. ' It was," eaid the detec tive, 44 aud he is a vagrant to-day, his splen did oerve and wonderful ability wrecked by his wife's infidelity. Be told me jn&t; now that he lived but to kill her." 