NEWS AND NOTES. The other day a turkey was bones: dressed for table in a London i eating ant, when, to the agreeable surprise of its owner, a sovereign was found in its gizzard The question is how did it get there, and who is the farmer who has so many sovereigns that he can feed them to his turkeys 1 The restaurant proprietor, however, would like a few prime turkeys of this new variety Native India highly appreciates Lady Curzon A leading vernacular paper pictures her to Hindoo imagination as beaming with a complexion of molten gold, bei tooth are compared to pearls, her hair to the raven's wing, her neck, as was Annie Lauin's, is like the swan, and her eyes " are rather handsomely purple ' Altogether, the gorgeous East seems to have its own laws of beauty not recognised out West Rubber is in great demand, and it is stated that one notable attempt has been made in Chicago to manufacture it from coin, and it is believed that the new product will be ready for the market in a few months Hubber made from corn is of a i reddish brown colour, but it does not resist the heat so well as indiarubber and the chemists of America are working at this latter part of the problem to find a remedy A map 127ft high and 320ft long, showing the railway system of the United States, will form a remarkable feature at the Paris 1000 Exhibition Each line will be marked out by electric light, and from time to time moving electric lights will show the position of express trains From Guinness's Brewery Lord Arden laun inherited a million sterling, and has besides estates which bring him in £25,000 a year His brother, Lord Iveagh, inherited as much, and both brothers draw a fortune annually from this brewery Lord Iveagh lines about £100 000 a year. The Queen of Portugal, who has studied medicine whilewalkingroccntly in a wood near Lisbon with a lady of honour, was startled by the sound of a city Proceeding to the spot, she found bimba woodcutter had been injured by a tailing blanch 'The Queen attended to the man's injuries, and then with her companion assisted him to reach his cabin A discovery which is interesting the sea at the world has just been made by a I Viennese physician It appears that a negro was (bought from an Austrian I prison to a hospital to be treated for a not vous disorder As a remedy the doctor applied electricity, and the in vestments proceeded regularly for four months By that time a case had not 1905 been effected, but the black skin of the patient had been bleached to the par less white | The Globe states that a certain well known member of Parliament has no . cently had rather a disagreeable. experience, of the auction room He de | sued, it appears, to possess an old chair which was of some small historic interest, and might perhaps be worth £5 or £10 With that end in I view he gave instructions to a broker to secure it for him when it was offered for sale at an auction, but unhappily not got that he had given similar in structions to another broken some time before The result was an exceedingly spirited contest between his two representatives, both of whom were entirely ignorant that they were acting for the same principal, and eventually ran the price up to some £700 Strange as it may seem, human ingenuity has not been altogether exhausted by that not inconsiderable section of the United States that has, on various grounds, presented appeals for divorce A new provocation has been discovered by a lady practitioner whose case is about to come before a New York State Comb It is that she is pursued by the ghost of the first wife of her husband The spectre lb invisible of the husband, but the wife declares that she has seen it repeatedly, and its continued visits make a continuance of marital relations impossible Two pieces of farmland, now in the heart of New York City, in the vicinity of Avenue A Fourth and Eighth streets, were bought by John Jacob Astor 1111803 for £1900 Today the property is worth £1,000 000 The Astor estate has collected £2,000,000 ground rent for this property during the 95 years it has been in the possession of the Astor family The directors of the Wireless Telegraphy Co, at their meeting recently, agreed, says the Cuitud Nttob, to enter into negotiations with the syndicate who desire the exclusive lights of connecting England and America by wire less telegraphy There is every probability that the proposal will take for in a comparatively short time What quantity of alcohol can an adult take daily without harmful re- sult? The question has often been asked Di Parkes, one of the greatest authorities on the subject, fixes the amount as view of pure alcohol daily This is equal to 3oz of whiskey, or one pint of claret, or three half pints of ale Other doctors who have given the subject their attention differ from Dr Parkes, believing that he has fixed the amount too high The latest development of the Salvation Army in New York is a bicycle band for the purpose of carrying on "war fate' among bicyclists Difficulty was experienced in the manipulation of the big drum, but this was finally surmounted by an arrangement of wires in front of the handle bar, so that the driver stocks with one hand, while he brings away at his instrument with the Other, The " bicycle squad" follows the band on. wheel, but no concession in the way of rational dress is allowed to the women members, although then skirts are slightly shorter in cycling than they ate in walking There is a perfectly organised syndicate in Paris which business itself in a cutting from every part of France, and especially from the poorer quarters of the capital beggars of both sexes, In the care to let a horse shoe of who are sent to the large cities or America, where mendicants are supposed not to be numerous The beg gars thus enrolled receive a good sum of money when they leave France, pay their passage over themselves, and in this way deceive the authorities of New York Many French beggars are told to dress up as deserters from the Belgium army No one knows why this peculiar older is given The beggars have to give 25 francs a day to the syndicate in return for their outfit In Great Britain there are said to be nearly 500 religious sects The ad liPients of the Church of England are ofhciallypubdownat about 13 000 000 The year books and reports of the Evangi heal Free Churches for 1898 99 give the total sitting accommodations in the churches at about 7,848,804, whereas the total number of sittings in the Established Church is 0,880,977 In Annum they consider ordinary fishing tackle useless, and the Annam ese are successful in their own fashion Those the fishing party takes bows and arrows and goes down to the bank of the Song Ka, or Red River, and creeping out on a log by the shore or push- ing a native boat a short distance out, they look down into the clear water for passing fish. Every man stands ready with an arrow on the bow string, and as a fish swims near, he transfixes it with unerring aim. The Annamese are a strange people living in French Cochin China. Brooklyn has a dog drunkard. Her name is Diana. She gets drunk regularly every Sunday, and spends Monday in; " sobering up." Diana occurred her first jag of a glass of beer. After that Diana learned by some occult means where beer could be found. Sunday is her day of days. She disappears after breakfast, and never comes home until the evening. She is then heavy, inert, unconscious, In short, Diana is "sleeping it off." Diana never wastes the contents of a mug or glass. She thrusts her thin nose into it as far as she can. Diane has had the delirium tremens twice. When paragraphs to the effect that society dames think nothing of spend- ing £4,000 a year on dress are so constantly appearing, it is not surprising that she young bachelors of to-day are in the habit of looking before they leap. One of the broken engagements of last winter was due solely to the fact that on reading in one of the society papers of the immense sum the young lady was spending on her trousseau the bridegroom-elect decided that he could not afford expensive a wife, and calmly and quietly told his fiancee so. Her surprise and indignation may be imagined, but she has since consoled herself by becoming engaged to an American millionaire. Mr. Whitcombe Riley, the American fleet, evidently is a warm admirer of Rudyard Kipling, of whom he spoke thus to an interviewer recently :-" A lot of fellows, who know nothing of Kipling's early history, think that he just did it-that he just happened. Bub that fellow was hustling round newspaper offices from the time he was 13 years old. Born and brought up among a strange people, with queer customs, he was for years gathering material for his work. He has the greatest curiosity of any man I ever knew. Everything interests him. In fact he is a regular literary blotting pad, soaking up everything on the face of the earth." ' In the struggle of life one hears every now and then the complaint that women are shouldering men out in many directions. Even the office boy, it seems, is not safe in New York. The officials in that city intend to dismiss the large force of office boys in the various departments and replace them by office girls. The boys are found to be lazy, insolent, and given to smoking cigarettes, and reading penny dread- furs. One hundred and fifty girls underwent a Civil Service examination quite recently for the new post of office girl. Thus an English publication An inquest was held at Fleetwood on a child named Mary Mason, daughter of a local sailmaker, who died under singular circumstances. The deceased full at school and grazed her knee. When she got home, without telling her parents she applied a piece of postage stamp paper to the wound. On the following day she complained of pains, but continued to go to school. Blood poisoning, supervened by pneumonia, however set in, and the child died. Dr. Preston spoke of the danger of apply- ing stamp paper to wounds. The coroner hoped it would be a warning to people. For private entertainments some singers and performers draw big sums. Madame Melba has sung 13 times at private houses during the season at a fee of £300 on each occasion. Madame Eames gets £200 a night, and Calve even more. Paderewski,- who played four times at private houses last season, was first engaged by Mr. Astor, whose programmes are of the most magnificent order, and must cost something between £1,500 and £1,800 a night at least, when he engages such " stars" as the great Polish pianist at £1,000, Melba at £300, Places and Ancona ab £100 each, and others of the race of a Wolff and a Hollman. Never was there a better investment than that which Lord Beaconsfield made for us when he bought Ismail's block of Suez Canal shares. In 1898 the company, which has just published its accounts, did remarkably _ well. Its takings increased and its expenses diminished, with the result that its profits are only just a trifle less than £2,000,000 sterling, while the dividend is exactly £4 per share net. The depression in the business of the canal would appear to have been only temporary, and indeed it is extremely unlikely that there will over be any permanent reduction of its prosperity. The canal has proved an excellent investment for everybody who " got in on the ground floor," or anywhere in its neighbourhood, and Mr. Max O'Rell has just been telling us that one reason why the small French investor detests us is that he fears that some day or other we shall do something in Egypt which will rob him of the dividends on his canal shares. A Paris paper publishes what pro- tends to be a trustworthy list of " the richest women in the world." One of these wealthy ladies is credited with an income of £8,000 a day ; others with revenues ranging between £1,400 and £300 per diem I wonder where the compiler got his information from Probably, out of his own fertile imagination. There are absolutely no means of reckoning the assets of plutocrats, whether masculine or feminine ; it is all pure guesswork. A millionaire once assured me that he never knew the exact amount of his wealth until he had closely overhauled the whole of his ledgers, and ascertained the then value of every separate piece of property. An article published in the Lancet, stating that cage birds are sources of bacillary infection to human beings has created a good deal of sensation amongst breeders. The writer alleges that the canary is a positive peril to the household, as by fluttering and whisking the dust from its cage it can contaminate food placed in the same room while the practice of allowing pet birds to touch the lips with their beaks, or of nursing and feeding them when they are sick, is very dangerous. The canary is apparently the most risky pet to keep, but other cage birds are not free from danger, and possibilities of infection lurk in the keeping of pigeons and poultry. Norwich, as everybody knows, is the i. "s......." "e in "".","" various. great centre of the canary industry and the head of the principal firm there has been expressing his views on the matter to a local interviewer, His firm commonly stocks from 5,000 to 5,000 canaries. Nearly all these birds are bred by working-man, the big firms being collectors rather than actual breeders. The Norwich shoemakers make canary breeding quite a secondary I industry in their homes, about 4,000 of them taking it up regularly as a paying hobby for their leisure time. These people live and sleep all the year I round, generally in small roomed houses, in company with their birds, the rooms being often lined with cages. If the now scare were well-founded, tuberculosis ought to be a common complaint amongst these birds breeders. The very opposite is the case. A New York grocer has brought a suit against a dental company, and the action is one of the most novel ever heard of, but not from the plaintiff's standpoint. He went to have a tooth extracted and. the wrong motor was pulled ; but this was not the worst of the operation. One of the nerves of a -'..- - .. j:_"_-""a first," the eye was so disarranged that the optic keeps up a constant twitching in a manner commonly known as a wink. This has caused the grocer much embarrassment. On a number of occasions he has been chastised by the escorts of ladies who were under the impression that the unhappy grocer was trying to flirt. He has been called all sorts of names, and now he never goes on the street or enters a street car without wearing dark glasses. He thinks he has been damaged to the extent of £10,000. 