A DAUGHTER or m PEOPLE. Published bt Sraonu. AmUrtGmt&itX.;) BY- l'T A," ' Author of "The Sinner," "Kitty the Rag," "Peg tho Rake," "A Woman in It," " A Hnsb&nd; of No 'Importance," "Master Wilberforoe," "Darby and Joan," "Sinless S6orot," "The Man in Possession," "Two , Bad Bluo Eyes," &o.;, &c.; .CormioHT. . CHAPTER XXII.— (Centiniiid.) . , , j yn0Bur® rj 3 all eyes, thoy MHJJ 6 V bore five minutes \|wP< ' of publio scrutiny with tlioinditfer- jC Bnua ."tttaos. "Not a flutter of E (P&f; a interest or uerv- ATO ousnesa gavo them away. Six , . .tailor's dummies 41 iV JL' could not havo behaved more ' creditably, or evinced less ex citement. Their languid gaze swept the house, surveyed that noble army of martyrs yoldpt' " Tho Critics," and then turned approvingly on eooli other. "Thie is our work," they seemed to say, " and yet an ungrateful- raobooraoy calls ue 1 useless.' " Consoious virtuo warmed the . waxen pallor of ohecks palod by the urduous tasks of society. The ghost of a feeble smile lifted the waxed moustache cads to a loss acuta angle. Then the first bars of the overture sounded, and d bush foil' upon the house. A weird melody throbbed through tho darkness, and noiselessly the onrtuins parted, on eithor side and showed tho stage. A woman lay on a ooueh of leopard skins in a room that was the. porXoctioa of inudorn upholstery in all its details. The coach und the figare lent a bizaaro touch to .the prevail ing modernity. There was something fan tusfcio and barbaric about them. Large windows opened on to a wide balcony ; in the background and beyond gleamed' the blue und gold of an Egyptian sky, while n single palm roared" itself, against the paling roso tints of sunset. Tho music wailed on, now loud, now soft. On tho stago all was silence. Yet so exquisite was tho picture, so intense the interest in the motion less figure, that neither eye nor car asked for anythingmore. :'! The dreamy repose and artistic stillness of such an opening scene made people ask them selves if, after all, it hud been wise to pht. up so long with tho conventional servant laying a table, or tho pert chamber-maid whisking a feather brush ovor perfeutly dilutions furniture, what timo they mouthed or. gabbled over the opening bneiness of the.: play as directed by tho dramatist. So absorbed were the audience in watching for what was to coino that thoy failed to notico a seventh figare in the box of the syndicate. A man had come quietly in ne the curtain rose and taken a seat a little behind that stirless group). ' No one spuko. Every oye was bent on that lovely indolent foriu, und it stifled sigh of ex citement burst forth as, it 'moved, and raising itself on ono arm, left bore by falling drapery, looked straight at tho crowded house. Even then she did not speak. She seemed as one awukeuing from u dream, spoil-bound by its memories, and half afraid of what tlio awakening might moan. ' Without, tho light darkened with the suddenness of eastern nights, but tlio room within grow bright and tho gleaming tissues of tho woman's dress flashed into showers of silver, as sho suddouly sprang to her feet, and rushed to the odou window. A Nubian page, clad in scar- lot and gold, entered ..by. another door. Ho carried a letter ' ott - a golden salvor. Glancing round and seeing no ono, he laid tlio letter ou ono of tho inlaid tables scattered about, and thou retired. Fcbplo began to look at each other. Was it going to bo a dumb show — a play without words ? There bad boeti something hopoful in the appeuranoo of the pago uud tho lotler. They were old Htage friends in "a now dress : but wheu the picturesque Nubian had nothing to say, and the lottor faced them blank and unaddrossed they grew restive, and a few oyes turned inquiringly to tho box of tho syndionte. But the vory suspioiou of a practical joko was banished by the culm und deep attention of that molioiilc.su group. The vulgarity of mere humour could find no entrance there. With a sigh of relief, attention returned to the stage, und the entrance of a man in com monplace tweeda struck a, note of modernity that onco more aroused , expectation. His brief speech, his ordinary lightiug of a cigarette, his stroll towards tho opon window, and thou the crude challenge of his greeting to tho whito figare leaning negligently against tho rails, signalised the oponing of tho play. It was disappointing that thoy should talk just liko ordinary people, sho from without, ho from within tho room, but tho audinuco had to learn, as scene followed saeao, that just the very things tliey had been ac customed to in the stage translation of human actions were the things that the new plar would have none of. Yot so brilliant was the dmloguo, so subtle tho by-play, so skilful the hints of dramatic interest, of the hidden savagery uf human niitora underlying tho culture and courtliness and even tho con ventionality of the principal actors in .the drama, that attention was claimed irresistibly. The part of tlio wonmu wus marvellous. It wus contrudiotory, Impulsive, feminine with cruelty, fasoinating yet repellent. A nature swayed by pussing breaths of passion and regrot, sowing tragedy with outstrotohod hands which mou'H kisses had scared. When the ourtuin foil a storm of applause burst forth, as wild, as impulsive, und as unlike tlio usual languid apprpvul of a. cul tured audience us tho play und the acting had been unlike any othor play, or any other noting of modoru times. " .'Tlio woman is a revelation," muttered tho critics, thronging the. foyer, thirsty and smoke-famished, by an hour of self-com pelled saorifice. " A revelation 1" they re- S Rated, washing down the verdict with raughts of whisky and soda. Tho play, of course, is iuipossible. Oh ! quite impossible. But it, lias boon written round her ; anyone oould see that. . Who is she P Anyone over heard of hor P" No one hud, until a small, still voico chir ruped in the interests of its special journal, that surely she had pluyed something — something quito unimportant in a play pro duced at tho Delphio somo time in tho past year. Then roforenoes wore mado to note books or memories, and "Jessica Lynoli" might have found liersblf famous, could she haveplayod tho part of listouor. " Wonder why the man calls it ' Tho Opul'P" observed a tall, thin individual. "There's nothing about un opalinitP" " Perhaps that will corao out in the second aot," suggested another. . "Very bad form." "Utterly against all traditions." "Dead failure on the face of it." "Neither form nor meaning," "Won't draw after tho first weok." Such was tho vordiot of the august body who had eleoted to bo the voico of -tlio publio, and believed they alone could feel - its puleo and diagnoso its weakness or its strength. " Splendidly mounted, too, and wondorfully thought out. Couldn't detect a mistake or anaohronism, for a woudcr. ' Who's done that?" " Oh, tho author 1 Ho's one of those artistic Johnnies, don't you know," lispod a littlo man who bad the ear of tho olubs,'und was intimately connected with a largo bill-broking firm, whose opinion of society was scarcely fit for publication. "Don't know him at all— never heard of him! Ruemore Clive— nom do guerre, of course." "I met him about a year ugo," announced a deep voico. " Ho camo to read that very play to mo, and bodad, a more conceited and im- pnrtinent follow I never met iu the whole course of me life 1" " What did ho want to read it to yon for, eh, RuffertyP Or is that ono of . your stretchers P -Yon didn't seem to . remembor the play a bit." "Because he's 'altered .co cueh cf it. I. .told him straight it. wonld never do as ho had it." " It.'e a wonder you didn't offer to col laborate," sneered tho little man. V Is he in tho house to-night P" asked "The Stnge" autoornt. . " You might poiut hinTout" "I, will," said Rafforty. "I think I spottod him up in the gallery. Ho's trying to keep out of sight." "People soeiuod impressed," murmured "TheEra." ' "Oh, any thing now goes down, yon know," annonnaod tho critio of tho "Minerva," languidly. ' ' J ust that odd way of beginning gave them something to talk about." "There's tho bell! It's mighty punctual they are for. a first night," grumbled Rafferty, throwing aside a half-smoked higaretto. " I wonder if tho oponing of this aot is going to be as quoer us the other?" "I thought. yon said you had hoard the play, observed ' Tlio Era.' " "Only tho first not, and, bednd ! 'twas near a case of wigs on the green after it, too. Ho couldn't arguo nnd he . wouldn't listen, and so ho got abusive. WaB it Tom Rafferty would stand being told he didn't know his own business? Not likely, und by a young upstart who hadn't learned tho a, b, o of his trade ! So ho hud me opinion, anil, be jabers, if it's done nothing else it's kept him quiet for a twelvemonth." Then they filed baok to their places as tho curtain roso. The beautiful complexity who wus beloved by four men und married to one was again on tho stage. Tho scene repre sented her boudoir in an hotel at Cairo. She wus going to a fancyJbaU as an Egyptian dancer, and hud takent into hor lovely erratio head that she must lcaru a certain dance for the occasion. In order to acquire its technique with pcrfcot accuracy she had engaged a professional dansouso from tho Kliedivc.'s court to give her a lesson. A troupe of fomalo musicians entered, play ing strange music ou still stranger instru ments. Then a dancer glided in, veiled uud shrouded .in semi-transparent tissues. A brief dialogue ensued, then she throw them aside and stood with hare sandalled ankles, swaying and twisting her lithe figure to tho sound of the weird fantastic music. The strain grew qnickor and more impassioned. Tho movements of the dancer answered its demands. Sho looked like a mist of white and silver, rising, telling, twisting , her long transparent scarf flying hero and t here with tho rapid motion of her agile limbs. Suddenly, a sheet of flame burst forth from the right wing of the Btuge. There was a sudden ory, then a wild shriek of horror rent tlio stillness. Tho (lying scarf was caught by tho fire uud in a moment tho dancer wus envelopod in flames. Tho audienoo sprang up liko ono man. There was a rush for tho. doors, shrieks of terror rent the air, the wholo stage wus a glow of lurid brightness. The shrieks of the burning girl hud been suddenly quelled, for the actress recovering from a momentary paralysis of terror, had seized the rug that lay on tho couch and wrapped it tightly round the struggling figuro. But meanwhile tho flumes worn spreading. Thuy caught at cobwebby tissues und fantastic draperies— all tho brittle, fragile litter that had looked so artistic a few momouts before. In tho midst of the wild commotion a man suddenly sprang from a box and clambered down to the footlights. The fire wus as yet confined to one wing. only. Ho puUed down tho flimsy tissues, shouting orders and commands to tho puuic- otriolccu sccuo- shifters, catching up the rugs which lay on the floor and smothering down tho burning muss by thoir means. Assistance was at .bund, and in a few momouts the dangor was over. But tho panic-stricken crowd in the houso were hoyoud hearing or reasoning with. Pushing, crashing, shrieking, they blocked tho doors nnd crummed tlio punsages, making useless all attempts to assist egress ; mad aud blind in tho selfish strugglo that is the ono dominating rulo of panic. CHAPTER XXIII. OMEONE had carried tho charred aud blackened V f'Sfhte to the actress's ® illf? V. dressing-room. A bliss- 1 1 deaL-dl . ful unconsciousness had s followed tho terror, mid JL HpeisVi deadoued the agony. The emell of burnt fabrics and the scorched flesh seemed £ to fill tho little room, tt Ja A t y Someone had gone for a H. f 9 doctor. A few wainou foA dl- j ft stood weeping and com- passionate by tho door, and tlio beautiful actress, forgetful of her own in juries, knelt by tho couch, white and pitiful und silent. They (lured not touch tile sufferer. Tho flimsy gauzes still fluttered about tho blackened limbs. It was impossible oven to guess at tho extent of tho injuries. It seemed hours hol'oro a doctor urrived, but it wus in reality but a vory few moments, The girl was still uncon scious. "This is no caso for private attention," he said. " Sho must be taken to the nearest hospital and have thoso burns properly dressed and attended to. She is frightfully injured. I doubt if sho will ever recover." Ho turned to the women and gave some necessary directions. "And you, Miss Lynoli," liesaid ; "Ihear you extinguished the flumes. Aro you in jured at all?" Briunnu. looked at her hands and armB for tho first timo. Sho had not felt hor own pain iu tho cxoitouicat of the terrible scene. "I think I am burnt," she faltered, and suffered him to examine her and apply tbo remedies ho had brought. "It was very brave of yon," ho said. "But for your prosouco of mind sho would havo been burnt to death." "Do you think sho will recover?" asked Brianna, anxiously. » Impossible to say. The shook must havo been terriblo, und Rho will suffer u great deal. Fortunately hor faoo has escaped. But I can say nothing until theso burnt raga aro removed. Now, if I limy advise you, just ohango your clothes, und tako this dose of sal volatile. I will return in a few moments." Briauiia summoned the dresser, and by her aid was soon in her ordinary gurinonts. 8hortIy afterwards a nursing sister arrived, and under hor charge tho charred and dis figured body of tho injured girl was removed to tho Charing Cross Hospital. (to be oowtinded. " I am really delighted at tho interest my boy Tommy is taking in his writing," said Mrs. Hickleby ; "ho spends two honranduy at it." "Really? How strango. How did you got him to do that?" "I told himto write mo out a list of everything ho wanted for his birthday, and ho's still at it." 