She brice of ~a^ slave. I Bud and I Ml on the high banks of the raviW jnicbinf the gophers on ths other tide. \V« «u mid that morning, for Alvira1 had ? told on W again— ihe was always doing it I We lived an * Farm. Alma's our lister, and at U»1 timeahe went to the town nchool; Is'poiBthat'l .?wfcy ihe pot on ftojnanj aits.. --y ??? . : ? ! . fie Alter O^d «ca«d the gophers into their hole! ,we iat still and thought awhile At last 1 \- a^yat'oil '-.iif! -?? ?''' I ' Bad, whaf 11 you do pay her up ?' '' / Now Bad's kind of cliicken-be&rted; ; he nevel «an think o- aujthing very bad, much' lew da H; so, to gin him time, I made a cheese of mj ?kilt, and kept whirling all the way along the ;baak to the cellar, whore pa bleaches the celery, sad back again without ever falling down once. MRiea I got back BndSukcd— ' * ' Whatil you do, Justhia, to pay her.ap ?' l' I like to snre'Bail, »nd make him look up to 'sie; to I crossed my eyes and showed my tet th, ! Kha we do when we tell the Indian story to the lew icholan that oome to our sohvol, and says, way down in my throat— ,i '111 sell her for a slave I' r ?►Oh.v.Tnsty,' crisd Bud, 'how awfoU jWeoldyoi?' ',,'...'.' ' 'I'wonld,' I answered; and to show him ikew unconcerned 1 was 1 took a turn down tht kaok'cf the raviao on oar toboggonslido. . ^ We don't have a chance to slide much 'cause ' ;pa makes a terrible foss about tliat cellar door, ?ad we have to get Hani Francis to pull it up ?vary time before he gets home from town. - r- We keep on the good side of Hans Francis 'fcy ttfling him dinner's ready before we call the ;? *thet men, 'ib'a ho can go i in fint He likes Christie, onr hired girl, and 1 s'pose thcyil get married some day, and then we won't have any more sliding, and I'll have to wash the difhea, too. It does seem as if evoiy thing goes wrong . i»tbisworldl ' ' ' After jl'd slid down the ravine and walked . up again, Bad said, kind of reproachfully — ' ' Justy, I here, ain't no such thing as a slave. They're all free.' ' Of course I knew there wian't any more* 'brack slaves, but I didn't think Bud did, sol \- ? was kiud^nf'fat a/loa what to answer, when 'all at once I thought 'of what ma said one time . about Brown's, pversouth of us : '_ Mrs. Brown ? k i perfect slavo to that man !'' So I says to Bad— ; . : ' Th^re'a-jlave's now, just the ssme's ever. \- Ur. Brpwn's^wife is one.' ';??;.? ' Bud[ tboueht awhile, and then asked if I tupposod; 8lr..-Brown would take Alvira. I have to laugh at Bud sometimes, he's so inno t : Bent. . _ r*: .' .: ' ' ' ' ? ' Of course he wouldn't,' I answered, 'But weoonld Nsell her to a, man who hadn't a slave ?lready^-'an' awful mean- looking man.' . Bad begnu to weaken at this, so I went on— 'Of course we couldn't R«t anything for her; ? we'd probably baVe to give the man something to boot,,to get him to marry her ; bat I guess If you'd had to wear her old clothes, as I have, you'd be willing to do most anything to get rid, of her. Look here,' I went on, standing up tod holding 'out my apron ; ' ite made out oE ker old skirt. Eow'd you like to wear her old ?fart, Mr. Bud F' . 'Well, I'd want it made into pants Brat,' aaswend Bud, kind of hesitating. 'Yes,' I said, ' and every boy that saw you would say, ' There goes Bud Byhester with his filter's skirt on P ' 11 They wouldn't I' cried Bud, getting red in the face, ' U'd be sewe-l into breeches I'1 ' 'They'd know it just the same, and they'd ,aik you if you had a bairloom on.' '?' This brought Bud over to my way of think . iug, ai I kaew it would, for if there's anything ' is toil world that makes him mad, it's to be aade fun of. We couldn't think who we oonld get to marry Alvira, and we went over and sat on the outside ireaahoase door, that slants, and Ulked it ?rsr. There was no one mean enough to suit ?a but Ed Riokets, the man that tends to pa's ?elery, Ihsy plant it out in the field all sumnerj * over rows of tiling; and wo don't like Bd, 'cause one time when he put the hose fa one end of a row to run the water acroM the. \- field we changed the nozale, when he wasn't coking, into the moat around the castle we'd koiit; then ire forgot about it, and the moat flmflowed aod flooded the field. Now if it had been Bans Francis he never woold have told ; tat Ed did It was .nioe and sonny on the greenhouse door, and. we'd, taken our time to it, and said ?11 the mean thugs about Kd Rickets we could ? think of, when all at onct the door began to raise up.' After we'd rolled ofl Ei Rickets stuck bis head out and said— ' Aw, now, you're just joking, ain't yoa 1 ' . Just wait till we pay him up 1 \ Then we went along the week, to hunt for '\ niggi-r heads, and while we was there wa coma across a man! walking along with his hands be hind him.. , I thought as soon as I saw him that he would make a good slave owner, and 1 just ' ask;ed him if be was married. * i He 'langhed, and wanted to know where we ' spraog-'from. Bud told him we didn't spring at all ; we, was just hunting around ; and he asked \- hhft wb'&t; 'he was doing. He sabered up then and walked along with us, and said he was a professor in a, University somewhere and was out looking for Indian ttliea.' f ' v I asked him what Indian relics was, and he /said they was beads' and hatchets and things that live Indians buried in mounds with dead Indians along time ago ; and did we know of any mou'adi around here P That set' me thinking : I did know of one, and ,1 winked to Bud to keep BtiU ;' then; I said to the professor— ''? ; ' ?? ?'''- '- ' ' Wbat'U you give for an Indian mound V ?; He laoghed, kind of surprised, and said if it ? was genuine he'd give a good deal. Bud seen then what I wai after, and ha (asked- ' ^ ' . ' -?'' 'Mr. Professor, are you married P* H Why do you want to know that P' he , ^replied, laughing. v Then I whitpend to Bud, and he whispered : ito me V! and we decided we'd bolter tell the : professor the ; whole thing, and make him an . otfer.^ So we told biin it he wasn't married, . and would marry our sister Alvira and make v. ker a slave, we!d give him the Indian mound ' *od call it square; ?'* ? ' * He laughed the most I ever seen anybody Itughj and. asked us if we meant it. Then he ' inquired all about our family, and Alvira, and If she w»s pretty and everything. ' I told him I yes, she was j snd the Indian mound wu a good '? - onr, 'cause I'd got somn beads out of it 1 could ? v, ihowhim? ?.''??' ,' . ' , '?'?.??? Hotbion 'asked us tight out where it wii—u if we were such fools as to tell I Bud says, ? ' Oh, no, you don't I' and winked. ' This midd the pfofoasar kind of mad, and he ~ wnlkod siouud a'' bit with, his hands in his pockets , then he asked— II Where can I see your sister f .' Bud told him we'd fix that, and he must swi'tir he'd never tell a word of what we said to bmi,.;for vre wouldn't show him the Indian mitind. After htt'd dono it we asked him to go to the big greenhouse while we was eating sup pcr that uight, and we'd come down and hidn him whore he could see Alvira when we brpngbt lior there. ' 1 forgot that that was the night when Hans \- ' Trancis smoked the greenhouses, and we diil bavoan awful time of it. We putthe professor In a kind of crib in thu forcing-house. After anyone got in it wss pretty hard to get out % again ; Iheu, too, it was very dusty. ; The unoku of burning tobacco stems iss.il 1 «ry well when you're used to it, but when yon ; uiu't— mill, you just can't stand it, that's all, ' Anil, t«sidt5, tho professor diilti't know what : . wa'biruiug; bethiughtthc whole house was \- oi.ir'j. ; . - _ tUwever he got out of that crib I ctnl aroonif'the onfer' edge of one ol'tho fmnaee pits, and Alvira was going to tell the first ghost : story, like we always do nights when th*J. ( smoke the greenhouse, and tho smoke was so j thick you could scarcely see the orib, all to onct ! some one dropped ont of it, hollered ' Eire 1' j and ran. I If there was an inch in all them 10 green- j houses that the professor didn't run or fall over I'd like to know it. I think he upset every single thing that wasn't nailed down before he got oat Hans Francis was carrying the little sheet iron stove they burn the stems in from one house to another, and the professor had to knock it endways, of course, just as pa fell into the furnace pit. We(l, the 'burglar' got away, so I heard 'em telling the neighbours. I'm sure I coulilu't say, 'cause Bud and I sneaked off to bed about that time. We didn't see the professor again for some days, and then we found him one morui';; walking along tho creek looking for that mouuiU He didn't act at first as' if he was glad to kiw us, and even when Bud told him we hadn't a tbing against him he just looked at us in sur prise and saW— ?' ? ? ' 'Well, if you are not the most 'impudent- chUdren!' I don't think' that wu very polite! After a while be came around, and asked us how our lovely sister was, and then we fixed it up to .have him call upon pa Eome evening to consull him about books. Ee could come home on Friday evening, so's Alvira would be at boire ; and I'd fix it so that she'd come into the room. I heard ma calling me then, aud I hail to go into the house. After I'd gone Bud got thii gs^. mixed, and told the profeseor to come Saturday _ evening imtead. When Friday night came I got Alvira to fix up by telling her I was most suro I heard p ? invite one of the Briaton boys ovi r. I km v. she couldn't prove anytbiu; by pa, 'came l.i forgets awlul bad. The professor didn't con i that night, and I uiuldn't imagine why. 'cau ?' Bud bad gone home with Cousin Willie, an-i never told me. * Saturday night we was all except pa tire-' out, and went to bed early. I never seen sue' a person as pa is— he'll ' sit up till two in tli- morning and read Byron's poems. Ourhnm. is pretty big, but ^vr Lot with having so main hired men, we don't have much sltepiug room Alvira stayed all the week in town, and .w!jb- she csmo home Friday night she bad to sli e)- Ti a sofa iu a little rross in our pailour. No. our house ain't built like tho houses in town ; i' don't have a front hall, so when yon open th front door you itcp right into the parlour. ; After everybody was asleep in tho house bu' pa, there was a knock at -the fiont dear. Pa'i a dear, good man, and we just wouldn't tak' - anything in the world for him, but he's th' awfulest pi rson to forget ! On this occasion h forgot all about Alvira. : Be brought a lam and set it on the parlour table, and then opene' the door. ' . ? \- Of course it was the professor— what othev luck could you expect? Pa iusiitel on hi» coming right in, and when be fonnd out who hu^ was they began to talk about book!:. Ahir: soon woke up, aod just had to lay thero will the bright light shining iu her face, and thosr two men sitting quite near her. - They couldn't see anything except her fr.co aud head, as the recess wss partly curtained off, and lie aofa almost entirely bidden. .But her head wai enough ; it looked awful. It's the stj le now to wear your bair crimped; Alvira curls hei short hair with a curling' iron, but tl e crimp-' ing she dees on big hairpins, which ttick out .every way and made hrr head look real 'funny. By this time ma and I was up and trying to save her; we could see her through the crack of the door, her cheeks like fiie. Sho wu so 7 angry with pa that I'just expected to fee htu fly at him ; and there pa sat, gently stroking bis whiskers and smiling, the very personiflci tion of goodwill to man. * Ha stood back -n the sitting-room, where the professor couldn't see her, and made frantic motions to catch bis eye; and when at last, she' succeeded what did the dear old pa do? In stead ot taking the hintand excusing bimadf he just stopped abruptly what he was saying, and turning upon ma a beaming smile tsxed her what she wanted. Of course ma had to go into the parlour then and tell pa to bring his company cut into the sitting-room. There was a. smile around .the professor's moustache all the rest of the even ing, and he looked at me once and winked. Fa liked him vary much, and he sat and talked till 11 o'clock. He told pa he ought to send me to the town school, 'cause I was a bright one. He came to our house lots of times alter that, and as soon -as Alvira was through school he married her; but my 1 you never could make Alvira believe Bud and I mode that match ;' she' thinks the professor fell in love with her.' Just imagine a man falling in love with any girl after seeing her with a lot of crimping pins on her head I Alvira is' the most deluded creature ! We showed the professor where the Indian mound was; he never could have guessed. They dug through one side of it when they made the celery cellar, so all he had to do was to go inside of the cellar and dig straight oat in a certain place, and there was thu heart of the mound. We found our beads right on the cellar wall, and we didn't know it was a mound till I thought of it.- The professor du|{ right iu with' a shovel and bis hands. The idea of put ting your hands in such a mess! You'd never cutch me doine it I 