. THE STORYTELLER. *1 BITTER PENITENCE. ? 4 ? CHAPTER VII. ; It was a natural thought, and, when once .it had occurred to her, it waB little wonder L that bIio decided upon carrying it out. .'. Una had long ago taken her all over the rest oil the Castle Kilchenora , but not through this north wing. One or two of \- bUU U^JJCl ZUUU1O 1IC1D UDCU ttO OlViViVUmu and lumber-rooms, Una had told'her; but the principal apartments had not been used for yearB — as mauy as fifty she believed. They were full of ancient £urniture- moth eaten hangings, faded pictures, mere broken decaying rubbish— it was not worth while to disturb them. Norah, tired with the explorations already made, and not then liking to urge a wish in opposition to that of her conductress, had acquiesced readily enough ; but ehe had always felt more or less curious about the north wing. Now it suddenly flashed into her mind that she would take advantage of this opportunity and explore it. There was a epice of adventure about the idea that pleased her, flushed her face and made her heart beat more quickly as she ran Bwif tly down the staire and reached the great wide hall. No one was about; the great fire had burnt itself down into a crimson glow ; a huge rough-coated dbg of nondescript breed, who usually trotted about at Redmond's heels, lay stretched asleep on the rug before it. There was no one to see or to call her back, and, hesitating only to glance about her for a moment, she ran across the hall towards the entrance to the north wing. A massive oaken door shut off this por-' tion of the building— a door heavily iron bound and nail studded, as were most of the doors at Castle Kilchenora — a door so ponderous and weighty, and which turned upon its hinges so creakinglyand unwillingly that it rr quired all the girl's strength and dexterity to push it back. But nhe opened it at Jast, and Jetting itsoit-Jy cloee behind her, Btood with her heart beating faster.thau it had beaten yet, and looked about her in the soft gray light which struggled through one great stained window above her head. ' Suppose;' she thought — ' suppose I Bhould rouse up from his or her slumbers somewhere irj one of theBe deserted old room the Kichenora ghost ! ' It was not a comfortable thought to assail one just then, and Norah, although the least superstitious of sensible little women, was conscious of a disagreeable shiver, and knew that for a moment she fairly quaked in her shoeB. Then she said ' Pooh ! ' and resolutely opened the nearest door and peered with in. - . . Many doors she opened, and looked into many rooms, seeing in each nothing more exciting than almost the counterpart of all the others— viz , heaps of disordered broken furniture, tattered and torn carpets, cobweb hung ceilings, old dust-laden pictures glaring from tarnished frames, torn hangings dropp ing from dusty fastenings— decay, neglect, mildew everywhere. Norah let the last door bang) and gave a little shrug and shudder of disgust. \--'. Ugh!' she ejaculated. 'Too spidery and too full of beetles I If all of ifc is as bad as this, I'm afraid it was hardly worth the trouble of coming. What a shame it seems, though ! There are rooms enough here, all rootting * and wasting away to houBe aregimintr. Now, shall I go back and 4ell Molly a fairy-tale— poor little mite ! —or ehall I' go up' theBe mouldy BtairB?'; ? ; She stood at the foot of a staircase which wound past the great stained-glaEs windows and .was lost in the - shadowy gloom above. After ail, she might as well explore a little farther now that she was there, she thought, although there was little' enough to repay her for her trouble so far. Yes — she would go ; and, gathering ' up the folds cf her heavy serge skirt, she ran up the stairs lightly, looking downward now and again for fear of stray black-beetles, and then up ward, in terror of descending spiders, as she went. She reached a broad landing, with three corridors branching from it, smelling ivery earthy— tombs of rooms no doubt. Which Bhould she go down firBt — the one on the right, or the one on the left ? They were no doubt all exactly alike, all equally damp, dreary, and depressing. She would take the ono in the centre, and then run back to Molly in the nursery, and leave the north wing to its dust and silence again. Down the central corrider she went walking sottly as she might have done in. a vault. 1 For,' she murmured to herBelf, awed by the echoleea silence, 'it is like walking through some great grave !' Her hand was upon the handle of the nearest door ; she turned it gently, and the braBB knob, released from her sudden ly nervelesi fingers, swung back heavily and noiselessly, for her first glance had told her that this room was not like the other rooms. It was furnished heavily but comfortably; crimson curtains draped the windows, a crimson carpet hid the floor,' chairs and couches were of carved oak and burnished leather. MoreBtill, it bore traces, of recent and habitual occupancy. Books and papers lay about in profusion ; a bright fire of logs and peat burned upon the wide hearth. So much the girl saw in her first startled glanco and then, peering fixed!}1- into the gloom, saw, with an utter blank amazement that quenched all fear, a mau reclining in an arm chair drawn up to the fireside and sleeping soundly It was an old man — a man so aged that every part of hie face which still retained a fine outline, was deeply wrinkled ; bo old that the long beard that swept his breast was snow)r white, though no - whiter than the hair which met and minged with it. Norah, at first inclined to cry out, then to retreat, then to advance with a haety apology, Btopped when she saw the sleeper's utter unconsciousness of her presence and stood hesitating. . (To be Continued ) \ 