The Anointed Saviour. Seemon hv Late Rev: C. H. Srur.oEOJt. Jesus Christ.— Hebrews xiU. 8. I liavo preached before from this text. ' But there is ulways more to lie learnt from it. Moreover, what if wo ..should repeat our teachings concerning Christ? What if we khoutd hear -over and- over again rue same things " touching the King?" We can afford to hear tliehi. IteiJOtitions concerning Jesus are better than varieties upon; any other sub ject. As tho French inoharch declared that he would /sooner hear . the repetitions of Bourdaloiie than tho novelties of another to wo may aver concerning our Lord Jesus, , wo would fcouiierliear again and iiguin the preoious truths which glorify Him than listen to tho most eloquent orations upon any oilier thomo. Coming at onco to tho text, let us notice the personal names of our Lord here mentioned — v o" Jesus Christ. . "Jesus" stands first. That is our Lord's Hebrew name. "Jesnrt," or "Joshua." Tho word signifies a Saviour, r" for He shall wivo His people from their V sins." . It was given to Him in His cradle. , Whilo Ho was yet an infant hanging on .His . mother's breast. He was recognised us a Saviour, for tho fact of God's becoming in laniato wus the sure pledge, guarantee, and .commencement of human salvation. At the Vvery thought of His birth tlio virgin sting, . , "My spirit hath rejoiced in God my Saviour." > There is hope that muu shall be lifted up to God, when God condescends to come down to idsuj. Jesus in the manger deserves to be culled the Saviour, for when it can be said ,that "the tabernacle. of God is with men, and He doth dwell among them," tliore is . liopo that all good things will bo given . , to tho fallen race. Ho was called_ Jesus in His childhood— " the Holy Child «iesus." It was its Jesus that Ho went up with His parents to tbe temple and sat down with . tho doctors, hearing them and asking them t questions. Ay, mid Jesus as a teacher in > : ' the very first principles of His doctrine is n Saviour, emancipating tlio minds of men' from superstition, setting them loose from tlio traditions of the fathers, scattering even with His -infant liftnd tho seeds of truth, the elements of a glorious liberty which- shall emancipate the human fiund from the iron bondage of false philosophy and priest craft. Ho was Jesus, too, and is commonly called so both by His foes aud by His friends, in His active life. It is as Jesus' the Saviour that Ho hculs tho sick, that He raises the dead, tlmfc He delivers Peter from sinking, that Ho rescues from ship wreck the ship tossed upon theG-ulileanluke. In all the teachings of His middle life, in those laborious three years of diligent service,' both in His public ministry and in His private prayer, He is still Jesus the Saviour ; for by His active as welt as by Hispassivo obedienco wo arc saved. , AU through his earthly sojourn He mudo it clear tlmt tlio Son of Man . had come to seek and to savo that which was lost. If His blood redeems us from the guilt of sin. His Hfo shows us how to overcome its power. If by His death upon tlio trco He crushes Satan for us», by His life of boliucKS He teaches us how to break the dragon's hcud within us. He ih the Saviour as a babe, the Saviour as a child, tho Saviour as the toiling, . labouring, tempted Muu. But lie comes out , most clearly as Jesus when dying on the cross ; funned so iu a writing of which the author said, " What I have, written I.have written," for . over the head bf the ..''dyiug Saviour you read; "Jesus of Kuzureth, tlio ICiug of the Jews." t . There prc-emiucntly was Ho the Saviour, being made a curse for us that wo might be made tlio righteousness of God in Him. After beholding thu dying agonies of His Master, the beloved apostle said, " We have seen and do testify that tho Father aeut the Son to bo 'tlio Saviour of the world." x-On Calvary was it Keen thut thu Sou of Man Kaved others, though, through blossed in capacity of love, "Himself' He could not suve.'S When He was made to feel the wrath of God on account of sin, and pangs . X'.'1" inm—gm— — unknown wero suffered by Him as our Substitute, when He was mudo to puss through tfap thiok darkness and biirning hoUt of Divine wrath, thon was Bo, according to Scripture, "the .Saviour of ullmon, apeciullr of tlioRo that believe." Yes, it is on the tree that Christ jb pecuhatlv a Saviour. If Ho dero nothing hotter thuii our Kxainpler, alas for us ! Wo might bo grntoful for tho example if we dould imitate it, but without tho. par- - don which spores ub, and tho. graco which gives us power . for .holiness, tho -.brightest example wero a tantalising of our grief. To be flhowii wliat wo ought to- bo, without haying uny mothod set bofpre us by. whioli.we coula attain to it, wore to mock our misery. But Jesus first draws us up out of this horrible pit into Whioli Wo wero fallen; tnkds us oUt of tho miry clay, by tho efficacy of His atoning sacrifice, and thou, having set our foot upon a' rook, by virtue . bf His merits. Ho Himself leads the way onward to perfection, and so is a Saviour both in life atid in death. ' ' That Jeans Bavos from sin and bell, Is truth divinely sure ; " And on this Book our faith may rest Immovably secure." Still bearing the name of Jesus, our Lord rose from tbe dead. Tho evangoliats delight in calling Him Jesus. In His appearance to Magdalene in tho gardon, in His manifesta tion of Himself to tho disciples, whon thoy wero mot together, tho doors being shut, He is always Jcbub with tbem as the risen One. Beloved, since we are justified by His resurrection, wo may well regurd Him as Saviour under that aspect. Salvation is still iiidre linkcd'wlth a risen Christ, because we ten Him by His resurrection . destroying death, breaking down the prison of the sepulchre, bearing away like unother Samson the gates of the grave. He is a Saviour for us, since He has vanquished tho last enemy that shall be destroyed, that wo,' having been saved from sin by His death, should ho saved from death through His resurrection. Jesus is the title. uuder which Ho is called in glory, for "Him hath God exalted with His right hand to be a Prince aud a Saviour, for to give repontaneo to Israel, and forgiveness of sins." He is to-day "the Saviour of the body." "We adore Him as tbe only wise God and our Saviour. -"He is able also to savo them to tho uttermost tbut come unto God by Him, seeing He over liveth to mako inter cession for tliem." As Jesus He shall shortly come, aud we are " looking for that blessed hope, and the glorious appearing of the great God and- our Saviour„ Jesus Christ. " Our daily cry is, " Even ho. come, Lord Jesusi" Ay, and this is tho name, the name "Jesus," by which He is known iti heaven at this hour. Thus tho angel spake of Him before Ho wqb conceived by the virgin: thus the angels serve Him and do His bidding, for He saith to John in PntmoB, ".I, Jo9U8, have sent, mino angel to teHtify these things.'' The angels prophesied His coming under thut sucrcd name. They came to those . who stood looking up into heuvon, and thoy said,' " Yo meii of Galileo, why stand yo gazing up into heavon ? this same Jesus, which is - taken up from you into heaven, shall so come iu liko manner as yc havo'sceu him go into heaven." Under this name the devils fear him, for said they not, " Jesus wo know, and Paul wo know, but who arc ye?" This is the spoil that binds the hearts of cherubim iu chains of love, and this is the word that makes the hosts of liell to tremble and to quail. This name is tho joy of the ohuroh on earth : it is tho joy of tho ohurcli above. It is a common word," a houHohold nume for our dear Re- doemor amongst- the family of God below, and i»x> there thoy still sing it — . " Jesus, the Lord, their harps employs ; Jesus, my love, thoy siiqj ; " ; Jesus, the life of both our joys, Sounds sweet from ovory string." There are two wordB in tho name Jesus. Tlio ono is a contraction of the word "Jehovah," the other is the word whioli I have just now- oxplaiued to you as ultimately coming to mean "salvation." So that Jesus tneaua Jehovah-Sulvntion. You have the glorious essence and nature of ChrUt revealed to you as Jehovah, "I am that I am," and then you have in_ tho second part of His name His grtfat work for you in sotting you at large and delivoriug you from all distress. Think, beloved fellow-Christian, of the amplitude, the spaciousness, tho breadth, tho abundance, tlio boundless all-sufficiency laid up in the person of tbo Lord Jesus'. "It pleased tho Father that in Him should all fullness dwell." You lmvo no contracted Christ, you have no narrow Saviour. Oh, the infinity of His love, the abundance of His grace, the exoeediug greatness of the riehes.of His love towards us ! Thcro uro no words in any language that can bring out aufliciently the 'unlimited, the infinite extent of tlio riches of the glory of Ohrist Jesus our Lord. The word which lies at tho root of this name " Jesus " or "Joshua" has sometimes tho meaning of riohes ; aiid who eati tell what a wonlih of graco and glorv are laid up 111 our Lntnanuel ? If His btiro Nnnio "bo such a inino oL excel lence, what must His person bo? If this, wh\oh Is but u port of .His garmeut, doth o amoll of myrrh, and aloos, and' cuet-iu, bb, ithat mitst-His blessed person .be ;but, a -bundle of -myrrh; -whioh shall ho . foi-.ovor betwixt out breasts, to bo the delight of our s0ul?; ' - » " Precious is tho name of Jesus, Who oah half its worth unfold P Far beyond angelic praises,, 1 ' Stveotty\suug to harps.of gold."; How reverently consider tho second title — Christ. That is "a Greek mimo,!a- Gentile ' name — Anointed. So that you see you . liavo tho Hebrew; Joshua; Jesus ; theu tbo Greek, Ohristoft; Christ : so that wo may see that uo longer is there either Jew or Gentile, but ull aro-one in Jesus Christ. The word Christ, as you all know, signifies anointed, and as stioh our Lord is sometimes called "the Christ," "the yery Obrist "5 at .other timet, "the Lord's Christ,-" and sometimes " tho Christ of God." He i is the Lord's anoiuted, our king aud bur 'shield. This word " Obrist " teaches .us three /great truths. First, it indicates His offices; He exercises offioes in which anointing is necessary, and these are throe — tlie office of - the king, of the, -priest, and . of the prophet. He is -king in Zion, anointed with the oil of gladness atiovo His fellows.- Beloved, as we think of that name, Ohrist, let Us reverently yield our souls up to Him whom God has . anointed to be king. Let us stand up for Hib rights over His . churoli, for Ho is king of Zion, and hone have a right to rule there but under and in subjection to the great Head over all, tfhojh all things shall hftvo the pre eminence. Next, tho Lord Christ is Priest. Priests wero anointed. They were not to undertake this ofilcb of themselves, -nor with out passing through tho oerenibny which sot them aart. Jesus Christ our Lord hath graco given to Him that no priest over 'had. Their outward anointing was butBymbolinal ; His was tho true and tho real. Ho hath received that whioh their oil did but set forth in typo and shadow ; He hath the real anointing from the Most High. Beloved, let us always look at Christ us tho Anointed Priest. My soul, thou caustnever come to God except through tho only over-living and truly anointed High Priest of our profession. Oh, never for a moment seek to comb without Him, nor through any pretender who may call himself a priest. High Priest of the House of God, wo see Thee thus ordained, aud wo give otir cause into Thy hands. Offer our sacrifices for us, present our prayers, tako Thou our praises and put them into tho golden censer, and Thyself offer them before Thy Father's throne. Rejoico every time yon hear the name Christ, that He who wears it is anointed to bo priest. So with regard to the prophetio office; Wo find Elisha anointed to prophecy, and so is Jpsms Christ the . pro- phot anointed among His people. Pctor spake to Cornelius of how God anointed Jesus of Nazareth with the Holy Ghost and with power ; who went about doing good and healing all that wore oppressed of the devil; for Gorl was with Him. He was anointed to preach tho glad ridihgs, and to'sit as -Master .fit Israel. We hold no man's teaching to bo authoritative among us but tho testimony of Jhc Christ. Tho teaching of tho Lord's Christ is our creed, and nothing .else. Jesus Christ is tho prophet of Christendom. HIr words must always be tho first and last appeal. This, thon, is tho meaning of the word "ChristoB." Ho is anointed as king, priest, aud prophet. But it means more than that. Tlio name Christ declares His right to thoso offices; He is not king because He sets Himself up ns such. God has set Him as King upon His holy hill of Zion, and anointed Him to rule. He is'also Priest, but Ho has not taken the priesthood upon Himself, for He is tho Propitiation whom God has set forth for liumau sin. He is tho Mediator whom tho Lord God hath ap pointed, aud set to be tho only Mediator between God and man. And us for His prophesying, He speaketh not of Himself ; those thiugs which Ho hath learnt of' tho Father Ho hath revealed unto us. He comes not as a prophet who assumes office, but God hnt'o anointed Him to proaoh glad tidings to tho poor,- and to conic with tho news, of eternal love. Moreover, this anointing- siimifies a third thing— that as Ho has the office,- and as it ia His by right, so He has tbc qualifications for. tho work. He is anointed to bo King. God has given Him royal powor and wisdom and government : Ho has made him fit to rule hi tlio church, and to reign over the world. No hotter king than Christ ; nono so majestic as He who wore tlio thorn crown, but who shall also wear the crown of ' universal monarchy. He has tho qualifications for a priest, too, such qualifications as even Mel- ohisedec bad not ; such as cannot bo found in all the house of Aaron, in all its length of pedigree. Blessed Son of God, perfcot in Thyself, nnd needing not a sacrifice for Tldno own sake. Thou hast presented unto God an offering which hath perfeoted for over thoso whom- Thou hast set - apart, and now needing uot to make a further offering. Thou hast for ever, put away sin. So it is with our -Lord's prophesying.- Ho had power to tench. J Grace is poured into Thy .lips, therefore God hath blessed Theo for ever." All tho words of Christ arc wisdom nnd truth. Tho substance of t-rue'philosophy is to be found in-Him who is the wisdom aud the power of God.' ' ; . " Christ, to Tlioe our spirits bow. Prophet, priest,. and king art Thou;. . .. . Christ, .uiioiuted oi the.Lord, iSvernioro bp Thou adored." Now put the two titles together and ring put tlie harmony of tho two melodious notes- Jesus" Christ, Saviour anointed, oh, how blessed. Sco yo not that Ho is a Saviour duly appointed, 11 Saviour abundantly quali fied-. . My soul,, .if -.God. appoints -Christ, a Saviour of stupors, why dost thou raise a. question ? God sent Him forth as a sinner's Saviour. Coraothon, yo sinners, take Him,, 1 accept Him, aiid rest in Him.' Oh, how fool ish we ure wheu.iye begin, raising questions, quibbles, and difficulties.- God declares that -; Christ is a Saviour to all who . trust in Him. My poor heart trusts Him ; sho hath peace. . But whoreforo do some of you imagine that < He cannot sav0 ypu, or ask, " How can it bo that this Man shall save mo?" God'h'ris ap-., pointed Him; take Him, rest in Him. 5 Moreover, God has qualified Him, given Him. tlio anointing of a Saviour. Dost thou think-' God has not girded Him with power enough, or furnished Hitoi with enough of merit with : whioh to savo such ns thou art ? Wilt thou . limit what God hath done ? Wilt thou think-, that His anointing is imperfect, and cannot qualify Jesus'to meet thy ease ? Oh, do not' so uluuderithe grace 'of heaven ! Do not such; despUo to ' tho'-ivisdom of the Lord ; but houour _tbe. "Sllv,i6ur ' of God's- anointing by coming now'; jtfo't us thou art, and putting thy trustin Him. : . 