THE TESTIMONY OF ESTHER SANDYS. CHAPTER XII. \ BY ROMA WHITE. And wlint of Bather J How had it come about that Josiah bad had no word from tbe woman he bad married two years age in the church at Lancaster ! This is what bad happened after her recognition of her first husband, and surely pity san excuse her for tier silence. After the storm she had slumbered uneasily :nta the morning, and when fefio awoke, Humphrey, fully dressed, was standing looking down upon her. She stretched out her luind to liini, but. did not speak, 'ritis was, just then, the eifectuf physical exhaustion. The intense shock which she had received had left her in a condition of nervous lassitude in which mind and brain shrank mechanically from any further taxation of their powers. " Aic you better ?" Rumphray asked her, Mill with some anxiety. " I am quite well," she answered, calmly. She would have spoken then, if she conld, but she was incapable of the effort. " Do Iroa know that everything is packed, aod that apust-chaisois waiting down below, ind that, as soon as you are dressed and have had some breakfast, we must be off ?" he asked, smiling kindly at hor, relieved by her quietness, which appeared to him that of recovered strength. " la it so late ?" she inquired, mechanically. Ton were up late last night, yon know. Ah 1 here is Janet to help you." He left the room as Janet eetered it, and Esther greeted the woman with her new doll calm. She dressed in silence and passed into tbe next room. Humphrey awaited her at the breakfast-table, and urged ber to make a substantial meal. She sat down, and poured »ut bis tea, and listened to hiB conversation. Byand-byr she realised thil he waB j telling her about the wreck. All on board had been lost but the man she had seen upon the bench the night before; and he was ensconced in the best bedroom, slightly delirious,and quite prostrato after the exposure. *' Will he die? " asked Esther. " They hope to pull him through," rejoined Humphrey. " No one knows his name. However, I've left some money with the landlord for him." He hurried her a little after this, for the post-chaise had been some time waiting. | When she was inside it, rumbling away from "' of the tempest and of that terrible I night, she pressed her forehead against tbe padded cushions, and tried to think. The identity of Josiah Piiisacklea had not been discovered: she endeavoured to believe that she might have been mistaken, though at the bottom of her heart alio was convinced she had mads no error in ber recognition. She turned it all over and over fi her weary brain. Then the apathy descended upon hei again, and she sank into a •iopeleas qnietu*lfl,and allowed events to take -«jlsir course. Esther was only brought home to suffer a sharp attack of illness, which everybody put down to the nervous shock she had received on the night of the storm. The true nature of that shock was still concealed; though, as each day passed by, she expected the revelation to come from Little Tarnside. Josiah must inevitably have returned there, and he was not likely to maintain silence on the Bubject of the wedding. Mr. Eglln, were he still Vicar, would hear of it, and would, of course, communicate with Humphrey. ' She began to listen apprehensively for the sound of the bell which tbe post man carried on hiB rounds; and the eight of A letter carrier on horse-back made her shiver all over with nervous terror. But, as the days and weeks passed by without bringing the dreaded news from Little Tarnside, this mental attitude began to change. She commenced to wonder whether Josiah had ever gone bsck again; or whether, if he had returned, he had not perhaps believed himself to have no claim upon her. When this thought came, like a ray of hope, she coaeed to lie motionless, . * ! couch in the oak pannellud mom; snd begau j i litfiilly, and rather restlessly; hither and thither in the Priory. Sbe was waking up to a realisation of the possibility of Mian.! escape; and, find, with fresh conscioUBuees, oonscionsnogi. xhn she better comprehended tbe entire position. Her own connection with Little TarnBide was completely severed. Tim kept np no correspondence in thoBe days of rare letterwriting; and the situation of the Priory was, to the inhabitants of Furness, a meaningle?a locality somewhere in a remote South. If Josiah Phieacklea had. as on consideration she found possible, maintained silence concerning that ceremony at Iianoaatcr.she need never reveal to Humphrey tllat sbe had seen her first husbaud on the night of the etorm at Chase Heyes. The temptation was strong; and, as each day passed, it increased the impossibility nf telling Humphrey what ebe knew. But i he fight was too much for her Btrength, She fall ill again, and, when her son was born, there was a pitiful struggle between life and death. The physician who attended her heard the fnint delirious accents, but took little note of them; and Humphrey was Beldom allowed in the Rick room. Then, as alie grew Btronfer she became quiet again. The doctor, perceiving that this alight young thing had more power nf pelf-control than would be credited to hor by a careless observer, had told her, quietly and firmly, that if she excited or distressed herself, her child would be a sufferer. The warning sras Buflicient for Esther. She put away her trouble, with a resolution and calm that astonished even hergelf at times. She determined to think out the matter, and to Bee what must be done,when she WSB fully recovered, but no sooner. It was, however, during her convalesoenoe that she developed the habit of lying, in her quiet moments, with firmly clenched hands,.betraying unconsciously that she held ber mental activities in a similarly inflexible custody. Humphrey was very happy at this period of his life. A new tenderness had awakened in him tor his wife, and he rajoioed in the poBBeBslon of hiB eon, who, he trusted, would become more like a human being as time advanced, l/ady Sandys was jubilant; but Esther/with quick inBtinct, realised that any ^Section her grandmother might have once felt for herself had been transferred to her baby. In truth, her tiny ladyship had never loved Esther for ber own p "."finality, but for hersurnanie. Tho baby now usurped all the corners of ita great-grandmother's heart: for it contained in its minute person, a more condensed essence of the blood nf all the Bandy*.' Sbe always asserted that it possessed the family eyes, though the h»r.el orbs of the Jnpps Btared and blinked solemnly at the firelight from the cradle by t in', mother's -bed. lady Sandys went back to Huist Hall encii after Esther had taken her onlinaiy plitcc in tbe Priory. Her last words to the younsr mother ^containan injunction always to ] let U» baby wear Sannel. next to its skin. As she drove away in the family chaise, however, she shook her bead with & dainty airy motion, as if she would not answer for any consequences that might enroe as a result of her departure. And when she reached her own hone she sat down and penned a long letter to her grand-daughter, containing instuetions which she had omitted to specify doting her visit. Esther laughed with some renewal of her old merriment over the document. She read it sitting under the elm trees, shaded from the hot July sunshine, with her baby on her lap. Then she put it away, and Bat looking down into tbe tiny pink face against her bosom. She was not aware that she made a picture, but a pair of eyea fixed upon her as their owner advanced, found her pleasing to their regard, and veiled their usual bold glances with an expression of admiration and sentiment. Then FitxRoy Sandys canic up to tho elm-trees, and bowed low before liur. " Mr. Kitafioy SandyBl When did you come? " she exclaimed with a certain quaintnsss that he found pleasing now he could trace in her tones no accent of ths peasant. " Five minutes ago, piecisely. I have cotnu te beg Humphrey's hospitality—and your own." He had net seen ber since hor marriage, and his ejfee travolled slowly np and dawn her figure and over her face and hair, as if to appreciate every detail of the changf. " We shall be pleased to entertain yon," Esther answered, with tlij little dignified air, she sometimes mul BOW. " If yon would be good enough to ring the bell at the front-door, Janet will come for the baby Bed 1 will find Humphrey." " Let me take baby. It is—ah—quite a new toy, is it not 7" said FitsHoy, with imperturbable gravity. Esther flashed a little, and bugged her baby nervously. She resented this tone he always took with her, which was tinged with the protective familiarity that a young man might nse to a child. " Are you afraid that I shall break it ?" he continued, in tbe same fashion, sitting down beside her en the garden seat. as8ure TOI1 j will carry it with the greatest c i r c u m s p e c t i o n . I will not even prick it with a pjn t« aee if the eawdust will come out." I do not care for such jokeB, Mr. Fits- Boy Sandys," said Esther suddenly, turning to him with gravity, and pressing her baby's j face against her shoulder that Fitzlluy j might not catch w much as a glimpse of it. j " Be kind enough to do aa I asked you." j He rose then immediately, bowed his head | and went across the lawn to tbe door. As he went he smiled to himself. I My little lady has improved since her marriage," he thought. - Able to hold her ow„ no„. j ghaU en]oy ^ yjgjt here, evidently, Janet came out in answer to the bell, and - took the little warm white bundle away into j tbe house. Then Esther rose with atouch of : langonr, folded her light shawl about her shoulders, and led FittKoy round to the side entraaco which would admit them opposite j the door of the library. Ho went in to . annonnce himself to Humphrey; and Bbe left him, to give her orders to the servants. 1 When she returned to her seat under the elmtrees ber husband and guest joined her. She liBtened to their desultory talk, scarcely tak- ! ing in its import, so sad were her musings. • They were speakimr of Jonathan Gibson. j " He is getting worse. Michael told me the other day that he is always taking the ; keys of the Church, and locking himself in ' there. Michael has taken him and his ; daughter to live with him. But the daughter ! has found work in one of the printing-mills { further op tbe valley." I "It is where Tim is," broke in Esther. ! " Saranna lodges there with an old woman, I and only comes home for Sundays." ' " Ah ?" Baid Fitsroy carelessly. " Ah ?'•' j Humphrey glanced at him, but he np-! pea red unconscious, and toBsed a rosebud at j the peacock. " They say," went on Esther, " that the ; poor old man iB much wonie since hie daugh- i ter left him. lie has made himself an en- j tire suit of that queer red velvet lie 'has «J- | ways been fond of wearing, and he preaches in it, evory night, at the Elm Tree Comer, ' in the vilhjge." I " Oh, I heard something of that," said , FitzRoy. " I believe he is foretelling the j ^ ^ 8an(J d tllat Bhol.Uy ; a great disaster is I o burst upon us." Esther shivered, and shrank up to her hug' ^nd. Humphrey Humphrey looked looked vexed. , ttomo way to Btop " 1 „7 I8h .. 1 fiud . ,ll m > It 19 am nuisance. The talk ceased there, and presently the dressing-bell rang. After dinner Fiu>.Koy dawdled in the garden till the summer night closed in;and then told Humphrey he should take a wa&. It was too hot to go to bed at all in Buch weather, he addad, as ho set off towards tbe village. It was Saturday night, and the lights were in rather later than usual ; bnt FiuRoy soon left their radiance behind, and strode up the hill in the direction of Michael Gibsin, the Helton's cottage, which stood a little way out of Glosford. He was at somp distance from it when a sound of pattering footsteps broke through his own heavier tread. An approaching figure was unrecognisable in the darkness, but, as It advanced, FiuRoy gnve a little sough. The slight form that loomed before him appeared to hesitate, then Htoud still, and spoke his name in a low voice. " Is it yon, Bir 7" " I might aay is it you, Saranna ?" His tones were hnehbd, but they Bounded amused and pleased. He put out his bund, and drew tbe girl to him with a familiar caressing gesture. "So you knew I was in Glosford, Saranna ?" " Ter, sir." " There is no need to start awav from me. or to try to peer through the darkneus in that manner. Nobody iB on this lonoly road." " I dursn't be seen wi' you, sir. Please let me go." " Mot yet. Do you know, I was so anxious to see you that I came to Ulosford on purpose." " Please, please, let me go, sir." The piri was half eryinp, submitting to his careBses, but starting nervously at every rustling leaf. FitxBoy, however, only laughed, and drew her nearer to him, " Come np on to tho moors with me, Saranna." She drew away from him again ; and, as he pulled her back, Bomething heavy in her apron pocket swung againtt him, giving out a jingling sound in the darkness. " Have you got the teaspoons in your pocket, Saranna ?" he asked idly, iiifiiptin? on drawing her closely to his side. " No, sir. It's t' Church keys. Uncle leaves them wi* me when he goes out o' nights." " The Church keys! Cumr, I huvo a capital idea. Yuu shall In us into the Cliuivh. j and we will have a tula in tlic belfry. Wt, : shall be quite safe from interruption ilu:rf., ! and you won't keep jumping about ami «iis-1 locating that little neck of yours every time 1 that a leaf stirs." "Indeed, indeed 1 dnrnu'l, sir," mur- i mural Saiannn, cnnul'-rnMy scandalised lit' such a easrileglous idea. I " Of course you dare. Ban along and wait for me in the porch. Ton aren't afraid of ghostB in tbe graveyard, are yon J" *• 1 daren't," repeatd Saranna, bat less decidedly than before. FitiRey milled to himself in the darkness. A few more kisses, a few mere whispered cajoling words, and die weak vain girl succumbed. 8be went swiftly away towards tbe gravevysrd, while FitsBoy sought the Church frwm a Slightly different direction. Glosford Church stood between the village and tiie Priory, and a wide green lay level on its North side. The tombstones were barely distinguishable on this moonlight night, and FitzRoy knocked against several as he made a short cut across the graveyard. Saranna, trembling a little, awaited him among tbe black ehadoirs of the porch. Sbe was less exited than frightened, but FitxRoy regarded the whole adventure as a very acceptable piece of amusement. Ho took the koy from the girl's quivering lingers, and sought far the keyhole in the darkness. They dared not make much sound, and Saranna shook all over as the heavy door creaked on its binges, Once inside the Church, however, she felt less alarmed; especially when FitzRoy dosed and locked the door again, that they might be entirely secure from interruption. " It's very wickod, iBn't it T" marmared • Saranna, as they felt thair way cautiously np tile centre aisle, -where the strewn rushes rust-led under their feet. " Wiclicd ? .Nonsense! What is there wicked about it " Only—t.becr are angels an 1 devils i* churches, I thought." " Dn yon think the devil will spring out mt the chancel and run away with us V' " I don't Ictiow—I'm rather feared, air." " I will take care of you, Saranna, What's this ?" As his hand, travelling over the partition of a big square pew, came in contact with a wreath uf tinselly paper. " They're t' wraths for Ellen o' Lueas's sir. lieo died lust Saturday, an' th 'Church war all hung wi' them for her." " What are they made of? " " O' white paper roses, mostly. They allays hang 'em up for an unwed lass." " Iium," said FitzRoy, BB he pushed aside the rustling papers, " real flowers would look much nicer. There I have managed to upt*n that heavy door, Saranna. Coma in and sit down." He drew the unwilling girl into the big uncomfortable pew, and then sat down by her side upon the bench that wa? fixed gainst tile partition. " YCN, 1 catne for the sole purpose of seeing you, Saranna. 1 did not know how to contiive to let you hear I was in Glosford." " I t-non heard o* it, sir." " Well, when am I going to see you again, now that 1 have managed to get hold of you? " " I don't know. sir. I'm afraid o' father." •• He need not know anything about it.*" " I think one or two fowk dokoowi't* village, sir." " NONM'I.SE—what's that? " FitzKi>y's voice, which had been amuBed and carci->iiig, suddenly sharpened, Saranna would have cried out, but, with some instinct of her lack of control, he placed his hand swiftly upon lier mout-li. A ray of light , was travelling across the chance), widen* . ing very moment, as the little north-cast door w;is swung noiselessly open upon its hinges. " Stoop down," whispered FitiBoy, " and keep still." Sarauiia obeyed him, trembling so violently that he feared every mement she would cty out. He ul&o; crouched bade agaiiet the side of the pew, but watched the opening door witli inteutness. In another minute they both perceived that the intruder was Jonathan Gibson himself. He came noiselessly into the chagce), a swinging lantern in his hand, the rays of which fell roond hi circ/e of yd low Jight, and brought out touches of Know) whiten686 from his benrd, and slipnr glussily upon the ballB of his eyes. When Saraiinn saw the stern impressive illyminutod fuue of her father B*d watched his tall shndowy form more slowly forward not ten yards from where sbe crouched with FitzRoy in tho pew, she want nearer to fainting Liian over nhe.had cone in her life. FitzKoy, however, remained olnervant and calm. The spice of danger to Saranna and liimtieif in this adventure excited him pIcaEanllv; and lie even smiled a little at the thought of the predicament in which they were placed. Jonuthan Gibson, however, did not approach thu ItuJy of 1 lie Church. He Btepped cautiously noinss the chancel, his lautern Bending travelling yellow gleams across the knobs and Huilaccs of the ahadowed choir. Tlx n lie |tl;i« d the light upon the ground. fumbled in his pocket for a bunch of keys j which lie pr«-sriitly brought forth, and in- | seiled one of their number into the low iron bound door that led into the vaults. The key turned with a grating sound, the . door swung open, nnd Jonathan took up his ' lantern again, and disappeared into the i narrow dark opening. They heard his cau-i tioia font«tcpB on the stairs; and FitzRoy released his admonitory clasp of Saranna's arm. " Where has he gone f" he whispered curiously. " I cannot tell, sir." " Have you time to get out before he oomeu back ?" *' I think 1 might venture, air." " Then be quick. I believe he is down in the vault." The sound of Jonathan's footsteps bad quite died away, and there was time for Saranna to escape before her father returned into the churcli. Fite-Roy puahed open the door of the pew. Bud hurried her down the rush-si rcwn nisle. Wbsn they reached tbe door they paused to listen, but no sound broke the stillncHS of the Church. With a little fumbling FitxRoy once more discovered the keyhole, turned the heavy key with a muttered oath at the grating noiBe it made, and sleppod quickly with Saranna into the cool dark air of tho night. " There, take the key and run home AS quickly as you can," he whispered; *• I will go another way." Saraunii needed no second bidding; she hurried down the road as fastaB her trembling limbs would bear her, quite forgetting that tlicy had made no appointment fer a future meeting. 1'itzUuy, left in the porch, gave a relieved sigh, then laughed silently to himself. The footnteps of the girl had not died away before he, too, issued from the shelter of the Church, moved swiftly round the north side of the graveyard—^where the tomsbtoncs were scanty and the nettle profuse—and tried the handle of the small eastern door, through which Jonathan had himself passed into the chancel. The old man had neglected the precaution of locking it behind liini, nnd it yielded easily to Fitzltov's pufch. In two minutes mora he had followed Jonathan Gibson down the narrow dark stairs that led into the vault below the church, his sbotB making little or no aound upon the dunty boards. Now that Saranna had escaped io safety, FiteKoy was prepared to enjoy his unexpected adventure to tbe full. The vault below Glosford Church had once been the family burial-place of the Sandya, Nune of the present generation, however, were laid beside the rotting bones of their forefathers. FitzRoy had never been into the vault before, and he shivered as its damp air encircled hhn. A f(£ble yellow patch of light thonc at the far end, and in this little iiluminntion he perceived the bent shadowy form of Jonathan Gibson. All else in the vault wos AB black as a cavern and as impenet rable as a moonless midnight. FitzRoy Sandys was no coward, and lie was determined to ace the meapin£ of this bueinesp. Ho crept cautiously and noiselessly towards the light, apy rustlings he may have made inaudible on aoconnt of certain swnilK v hich proceeded from the neighbourhood of Jonalhaa UibBon t tearing, ripping, Hounds, suggestive of etuff dragged forcibly from romt adhesive sabrtance. When he wan within a few steps of Jonathan, Fitl- Itiiy paused instinctively, for hr saw at cnco what manner of work it was upon which "the old boxtou »ns occupied. j Jonathan bent, over n wide wooden cotiin the lid f wiiicii had been broken open snd shifted slightly to one side. • Tbe - inner coffin - of soldered lead-was distinctly visible, bnt It was not. with the bones of the dead that Jonathan had any concern. The outer oofin, of fine oak, waB lined through.ut-Arith a covering of crimson ! velvet; anil this velvet the old sexton hurriedly tore fend ripped from the sides, dropping the pieces into an open wallet which lay upon. the ground .beeide The secret of Jonathan's costume had been discovered at laBt FitzRoy Sandys waited only for a few moments, as soon aB he saw and comprehended the old man's midnight business in the vaults of the Church. He had no wish to quarrel with Jonathan tonight, nor to betray his presence to tbe old man. He crept back along tbe vault aa he had come, the eexton remaining too intent upon his work to hear him. In two or three minutes FitzRoy had left the Church and btood in the graveyard outside. There, it must be 'confessed, he sat upon a tombstone, and laughed silently, until the tearB ran down his cheeks with his suppressed mirth. " Good cousin Humphrey I " he murmured to hinwelf, " good cousin Humphrey I I shall have an interesting adventure to* relate to yuu in the morning." (To be continued.) 