LOCAL AMD GENERAL ITEMS. . Moonlight Concert. — A grand moonlight con cert will be given on tbe Albion Ground this even ing by the Newcastle City Bund assisted by well known and popular vocalistB. Tbo conceit ia in aid of a very deserving institution— the Albion Cricket Club, and for this reason, apart from tho excellence of the programme, whioh will be found iu full in our last night's issue, thero should be a large attendance. Mr. George Vigour. — The friends of Mr. George Yincer will be pleased to learn that under the care of Dr. F. Liddell and the excellent nurBing ho is receiving at tho Maitland Qofipitil, ho is getting along as well as can possibly be expccted since his leg was amputated on last Sunday fortnight. Pierce Memorial Nurses Home. — Tho annual meeting of subscribers to the Pierce Memorial Nurses Home, will bo held at the Home, Elgin street, on Thursday evening next at eight o clock, when friends interested in the welfare of tho homo are respectfully invited to bo present. Mk. W. A. Hugiies. — A meeting of tho friends and well wishers of Mr. W. A. Hughes, late Assistant Council Clerk in (Vest Maitland, is to be hold in the School of Arts Committee Room to morrow (Wednesday) evening at eight o'clock, for the pupose of taking stepB to suitably reoognise that gentleman's services to the town. Messrs. A. E. Whittbt and Co., late Wolfo, Prentico, and Co,, will be pleased to seo contractors, builders, carpenters, painters, plumbers, and others having contracts, and are willing to arrange liberal terms and prices. The Statistical Register.— From tho Govern ment Statistician we have Part XII, of the Statis tical Register of 1898 and previous years. It deals with Hospitals and Charities. ? 'Thp London Musical Courier. — Messrs. W. H. Paliog and Co., Limited, Newoaatle Branch, send us a copy of tbiB publication for October 12. Tnn Seventh Day Advuntists. — Tho camp of tho Seventh Day Adventists on the Park catno to ' an end yesterday, whon the tents wore removed. Tho conoluding meetings -were well attended, and the lectureB of Dr. Caro, and tbe addresses of Mrs. White and Pastor Colcord were listened to with attention by tho largo bodieB of people presont. Pastor Starr thanked the people for their attend ance, and said tho behaviour of tho people at tho 'meetings bad beon excellent. At no place in tho colonies bad thoy mot with a better reception than in Maitland, and tbe larrikin olomont was conspicuous by its iibsonce. Thin, ho said, spoke well for tho people of Maitland; and tho Adventists were very grateful for the kind treat ment they had received. Although tho oamp has ended, a notification in our businosB columns last night states that tent meetings will bo conducted in Bourke-Bt'reet by Pastors Starr, Coloord.and Hiokox. Tho opening service will bo held tonightcommenc ing with a Bong eerviao at 7 o'clock. To-night morrow an addreBB will bo givon on ' Who changed the Sabbath. P' Ou Thursday a demonstration in oooking will be givon at 3 p.ic ; and a limelight lccture by Dr. Caro at 7.30 p.m. Chtldron a meet ings will bo hold eaoh afternoon at 4.15. lo-day Pastor Starr and his assistants woro busy ereoting tho largo tent on tho ground in Bourke-stroet, about a hundrod yards from the Post Office. Tho site choscn is a central one, and it is expected thai tho meotinga will be attended as woll in tho now position as on the Park. To-night tho subject for discussion is especially interesting. The Troopship Kent— Dr. R. G. Aloorn haa reoeived letters from Dr. FiuBohi and M-jorGoo. L, Loo who are on board tbe troopship ICont. Tho letters were posted at Albany, Major Leo aayst — 'We have had heaps of work prior to roaohing Albany this evening, and I want to make a certainty of getting a few linea to you bofore leav ing tho Australian Coast. Last night saw ns alow down in a gale, but now things are brighter — a amoothor sea and leBS wind. Yon .oan tell ovory one that this ship is a beautiful soa boat. Good luck and sincere wishes from Geo. L. Led. P„S.— Many thanks for your wire, Good-byo and good luok. G.L.' I Tub Maitland Exhibition. — At tho Bpoeial mooting of tho committee of tho Hunter River Agricultural and Horticultural Association, hold yesterday afternoon, and reported olsowhoro, tho question of altering the datos of tho nnnual show hDcauBO of thoir clashing with Bithursb wub aiecuBSod, and from tho tono of tho disousnion it would appear that it ie nob tho Maitland Socioty that is olaohing with Bathurst, but it Is Bathurst that is attempting to jump tho Maitland dates. It was pointed out that ns soon ao tho dates had buon fixed for tho Maitland exhibition thoy were published to tho country, and tho Bathurst datos, 'if decided upon nt all, which appoaru doubtful, wore not made known until the past wuok. Any way, the oommibtoo were vory firm about tho nmttor yontor day. Thoy nre not going tofgivo In, bocauso thoy beliovo thoy wcro first in tho field, and lot Bathurst Hiiloct some othor date, or clash as to it soeins uieot. The Committeo has arrangod a vory nice programme of Bporta for tho third day. In acoorclanoo with tho suggestion thrown out by us last year tho prizes have boon increased, but unlike loat year none of tho mounted forces can oompoto for tho prizes but mombors of tho Now South Walon Lancers. At Soono on Satuiday membors of tho Australian Homo showed vni'v fair form nb tont-noiri'inir with llincus and I swordii, nnd it scorns a pity to oxoludo such a popular arm of tho dofenoo forooB from a ohanco of oompot!n({. Last year they did uot — though givon tho ohanco — compete booauso tho prince woro too small, but now that an increased sum is to bo glvon they aro shut chit. Wo do not know w.hothor thoy will oompoto in any oiino, bub thoy ohould bo glvon a ohance. Wo beliovo ib would pay tho Association to givo a special prize for troopers of tho Australian Horao, whoso protty uniforms and atnarb appearanoo should provo as attrnctivo in Maitland an thoy havo all ovor Now South Waloo, Dicatii op Wit. E. W. Doyi.ii, of Ci.kvicdun, Grkbvoiid. — We woro informed by telograph to day of tho death last night, at his residence, Olovodon, Grouford, of Mr. 13. W. Doyle, J P. No particulars roaohod us. It will bo notod that tho funoral takes placo to-morrow, tho placo of inter ment being St. Holon u, Gronforu. luo lato Mr. .b. W. Doylo wnB son-in-law of tho lato Mr. J, McCormialc, of Grosford, and wao notod for tho Bharo ho took in nil publio niovamonta of Ills dlotriot, and for tho substantial furthoraneo oxtonded by him to his own ohurch — the Roman Catholic ohurch. IIo was a pillar of that ohuroli ia hio neighbourhood, and indeed in tho diocono of Maitland, and onjoyod tho highoub ostoom of its vctiorablo bitihop and tho olorgy. Once or twloo Mr, E. W. Doylo \rno a candidate for logiolativo honours, but hio tantoa wore alien from politioal strifo in tho Parliamentary arona, no that ho failod to pornovoro on his own behalf, whilo ho wau ovor active in tho interests of tho candidate of his oholco. Mr. Doylo loaves a widow and grown-up family. THE FATAL RAILWAY ACCIDENT. — The taking of evidence at the inquest on the body of the old man, George Whiteley, who was killed on the railway line, at Rose-street crossing on Sunday night, was just concluded as we went to press yesterday afternoon. The jury was sometime considering its verdict. A couple of the jurymen desired to ascertain more particularly the position of the signals, and the witness Edward Broderick was recalled. After half an hour's deliberation, the foreman announced that the jury had agreed upon its verdict, which was that deceased had met his death accidently, and and that the jury exonerated the driver and fireman of the mail from all blame. Some of the jurymen were in favour of adding a recommendation that electric bells should be placed in all the gate- boxes, or that two lights be used on the gates — one over each road- way, However, the jury was not unanimous, and no rider was formulated. Certainly something is needed to lessen the danger at crossings like those at Abbott and Rose streets. The trains sweep round a curve from High-street, and are on the gatekeepers in a few seconds. If electric bells were used, to be rung from East Maitland when the mail leaves, the gatekeepers, even if they were dozing, would be aroused, and would then have time to open the gates without any danger. In this instance, although Signalman Broderick, at Devon- shire- street, saw the gates had not been opened for the mail to pass, and took prompt and commendable action to stop the mail, the train was travelling too fast — 35 or 40 miles an hour — to pull up before reaching Rose-street. The evidence, too, of the witness Stubberfield went to show that the old man was dozing, and that he knew he was late ; for he hurried out and went to open the gates in a flurried manner. Mrs. Stubberfield, too, it is reported, heard the old man say, as the train was upon him, " My God, I am too late." Evidently he strove to do his duty, and lost his life in the effort. The Patriotic Fdnd.— The Mayoress of Sydney (Lady Uarrie) has Bent a circular, tho following of which is a copy, to Mrs. Alex. Wilkinson, tbe Mayoress of West Maitland, in regard to tbe Patriotic Fund, but the Mayor informs us that Mrs. Wilkinson, owing to her' recent illneBs, from which sbo haB not yet thoroughly recovered, will do unable to rauo tne matter up, 'Town Hall, Sydney, 16th November, 189P. — Deor Madam, — In response to an adveitiaemect in tho daily press, a meeting of the women of Sydney waa held yeeter day afternoon, at tbe Town Hall, for tbe purpose of inaugurating a women's branch of tho New South WaleB Patriotic Fund, The meeting was a moBt enthusiastic one, and a branch fund waa started. Aa President, I have much pleasure in asking your eBteomed co-operation, and would suggest that a meeting of the women of your town be at once lield and a local committee formed to assist the central committeo. I shall be extremely pleased to hear from you that a committee haB been formed, when a supply of collectors' cards, duly Bigned,will be forwarded. Feeling oBBUred of your able and hearty oo-operation in ao worthy a cause, believe me very aincorely yours, Frances Harris, Mayoress of Sydney.' St. Paul's Monthly Entertainment — -Tho cuBtomary monthly entertainment in oonmection with St. Paul's Missionary Union was held in the Parish room, DevonBhire-street, last evening. There was only a fair attendanoe, composed principally of children. The stage for tho occasion which had been nicely decorated with greenery presented a pleasing appearance ; and the pro gramme waa aa usual in tho oapable hands of Mrs. Pierce. It was a varied one, and tbe items which were muoh appreciated wore as under: Piano forte solo, Miss Lily d Argeaval j eong, ' Tho Cows are in the Corn,' Master Clarence Webb ( song, ' Tho valley by the Sea,' Miss Withorley ; dialogue, ' Bad HabitB,' Misses Daisy Long, Sara Grace, and Edie Freeman, and Masters J. Wall, A. Huraby, J. Watson, T. Hammond, and F. Riohardsont recitation, 'The Kaiser's Question,' Master C. H. Stevons; piano forto solo, Mr. Herbert Cush ; song, 'Ring Out Wild Bolls,' Miss Lily Stevens j recitation, 'Tho Origin of Scandal,' Miss Ethel Grant; dialogue, 'Repenting at Leisure,' MisBOs E&aio; Thompson and Ada Cush, and Master W.Thompson; piano forte duot, Mibsob Wnbb; reoitation, 'Tho Road to Hoaven,' Mr. P. Long; dialogue, 'Tho Young Housekoopor,' Misses Edio Freeman and Daisy Long; rooitation, Miss Edio Freeman; song, 'The Flight of Agos,' Miss Witherby ; reoitation, ' Eliba,' Miss Grace Benton, of Newcastle. During the course of tho evening Mr. A. Linley Scott thankod tho andionoo for thoir attendance, nnd also the performers for their services. A very pleasant evoning was brought to a close by the singiug of a verse of tbo National Anthem. The ' Gifted Australian Pianiste,— Made- moiselle Celinski, who appears ab tho School of Arta to-morrow night, leavoB iu a fow wooks for a Now Zealand and Ainerioan tour, so this will bo the only opportunity Maitland poople will have of hearing one who soemB destined to bring fame to herself and the land of her birth. An attraoblvo programme will bo proBenbed, and will, appear in our iesuo of to-morrow. Drunkenness.— Ab tho West Maitland Polioo Court, this morning, on old offender, who had onoo again stumbled from tho path of sobriety, was fined 20s, or Boven days' gaol. He paid tho fino. A Dwelling House Burned.— List night aboub nine o'olouk, an alarm waa given in West Maitland and a numbor of firamon turned out, and umde their way up to Oampboll's Hill, whence tho reflection of tho fire came. Thero they loarnod that it wa« a house at Farley whioh was burning. Partioulara obtained thia morning showed that the liouso belonged to a fottlor on tho lino, named Willium Hodgins. The latter, who is a widower, had gono up oountry to work' on tho line, and had loft his four ohildron ia charge of his mothoi, who ia a vory old woman, and a aorvant girl named Oaban. Last night, tho latter put the youngest child, a little boy about two years old, to bed, and left a candle burning on tbe dressing table. Shortly afterwards a noise was heard in the room, and tho child waa heard to fall out of bed. The two women rushed to the room, to find it in Sanies, tho oandlo having aaughb tho window blinda or tho bod curtaina. Tho little boy waa rosoued with difficulty, and by tho timo the people got out of the houso the wholo place was in fiamoB. Tho house, which oontalned four rooms and a kitchen, was built of woathor-board, and provided oxocllent fuel for tho flames, The ' building and tho wholo of tho contents, valued at about -8800, woro doatroyed. In tbe houso woro three £5 notes, and those wero also burnod. The loss is a vory sorioua one to Mr. Hodgins, who has bnd much trouble of Into, and much sympathy is felt with him. Accident. — Yostordny two lads named William Robinuon (eon of Mr, ThotnaB Robinson, of Oburoli- i | streot)f and Niull wore climbing n two on Mr. Owen'a property in Church- streot, in soaroh of sparrows' oggB, Robinson wafl nbout thirty feet from tho ground, and Niall a little higher] when the latter buddouly swung down on to the limb on whioh It ibioson was standing, with tho result thufe tho limb brolto, and both boys fell to tho ground. Ninll osoaped with a good Blinking and tho oon Bcquont shook, but Robinson Btruok tho. ground wit.h the right sido of lila hoad nnd face, and was rendered unoonsoious. He was takon home, aud Dr. W.J. Russoll sont for. Ih waa nearly an hour boforo ho regained oonaciousnosi ; bub tho doctor dooB nob antioipabe anything aorlous aa tho result of tho uooidont. The lad'u faco was muoh bruised, and blilB morning ho could movo his jaw only with difficulty. Thin uatno lad waB injured not long ago by a oevoro kick from a horso, whoa his ahaok wad split open. Death of an Oli- Resident op East Maitland. — Tbo older liatida in bhia district nre gradually but nurely dropping off, nnd proeently thero wi'l bu fow of them loft. Tbo latest doath aunounond is' that of Mr. Honry Wright Jaakson, of Easb Maitland, who passod away at his rosidouco, on Rdluriliiv last from n naralvtio stroke. He had attained tho ripe ago of 80 years, over fifty of whioh woro spont in thoonohouno in EaHt Maitland, Tho old gentleman, who was attended by Dr. S. A. Alcorn, hud boon ailing for tho paub six months, Ho was widely known and outeomcd forliln uprlght noso, and though ho lived a retired life In the bosom of bin family for tho last il' toou years, he waa in his day nuo of tho most useful oltlz-mn of tho town. lio leaves a widow nnd family of (lvo boys nnd throe glrlo. Tho youngest of tho family, Mr. E. J. W. Jaolcaon, In an oponUor ab tho VVosb Malt land Tolograph Station. Tho funoral took place yontorday aftornoon. Thoro was a ohoral anrvlao at St. Potor'n Church, tho Yon. Archdeacon Tyrrell, asointod by tho Rev. G. C, Munro, conducting bho Servian, whilo both officiated at' the gruvo. The interment took place in tho Ohuroli of Eiigl-md oomotory ab EnBfc Maitland! Fourth Infantry Band.— The band of tho Fourth Infantry Regiment waa on a p&rado; at Tamwoith on Saturday afternoon, under Band maBter Bentley, and after having spent a splendid time they returned home yesterday. On Saturday afternoon tbe band played a tnuBtcal programme on the oval, and at the drill ball in the evening, thirty-einht performers being in attendance. On Sunday morning they fell in at half.patt ten for ohurch parade. Tbey marched np tbe street, each falling out to attend his own particular ploce of worship. On Sunday afternoon tho band played in Brisbane Park, in uua iJii-Bisuuu ui » goou Dumour nt people, tne men speak highly of tho grand treatment accordcd them by theTamworth people. AlUstralian Mubical. Association. — We are desired to make tho following anaonncemenfc with regard to tho list published yesterday Misa K. Scobie, ot West Maitland, sent up two pupilB, Linda Wilks and Trixie Miller (the latter eleven years of age, who passed with honours), primary. Miss Ellie Butler, A.L.O.M., East Maitland, also passed ber two pupils tent: Margery Butler, intermediate, Myra Petberbridgp, primary. Important Cattle Sale. — The most' important cattle sale conducted at the Campbell's Hill Yards this year wob held to-day by Mr, E. W. Sparke, who succeeded in disposing of several lots of well-bred cattlo at highly satisfactory prices. About 500 head consisting of pure-bred Devon, Polled Angus. Jersey, Hereford, Ayrshire, and Durham bulls and heifers, and mixed young cattle wore yarded. Buyers woro in a fairlv larea attendance. bub with tho exception of Durham very few of consignments of high-class stock forward were disposed of, tberd being no demand for them. Durham;, however, wero eagerly sought after, biddings wore extremely brisk for any good sorts, and high prices ruled. Devon bulls, the property of Mr. II. H. Brown, of Colstoun, brought from £2 2s to £5 15 s, while hiB Alderney heifbrs realised from £3 to £4i 103. Young Durham bulls, fit for stud purposes, tho property of Mr. R, T. Hall, of Aberdeen, elicited keen competition, and sold from £10 to £ 21 , whilo heifers of the same breed sold at £3 to £4. 'Young mixed cattle, for which biddings wero fairly brisk, brought from 20s to 40a. Othor lots of purc-brod cattle besides those mentioned wero offered, bub tho reserved figure was not reached; and consequently they were withdrawn. A peculiarly hard case is reported from Pott Melbourne. An old man named Dalrymple- owned a email property there. As he waB unable to pay the amount demanded by the Metropolitan Board of Works on account of sewerage, the Board sold tho property, and the poor old man was turned out. Being 75 year^ of age, partly blind, and suffering from senile decay, be had absolutely no refuire and no means, and was arrested for vagrancy. He has been admittsd to the Bonevolent Asylum, It cer tainly seemp tho height of stupidity and oruelty to take from such a man hia whole means to satisfy oo paltry a claim, and then to aond him to live at the Government expanse. Would it nob have been better by far to have forgiven him his trifling debt? YeBterday Mrs. Fielder obtained a decreo nisi for a dissolution of marriage againsb her husband, John Fielder, a jookey, on tho ground of adultery. She alleged tho respondent's earnings on tho turf ware iroui 1-U mlu u wuea, uuaiuua uuiug t» i trainer and horse o\vner. A salesman named Davitt, who was arrested in Melbourne soino little timo ago for smuggling £3000 worth of jewellery, mostly diamonds, and fined £200, was arrested on Saturday on tho Caul field racecourse on a charge of stealing £3400 worth of diamonds from ono Bialliosterki, ,at Antwerp, about six months ago. The arrest was made on information supplied by the Homo Secretary's De partment, London. On Saburday morning n fire ocourred ab Kalcendi Sbation homestead, near Pilliga, tho property of Mr. J. B. Bundle. The whole of the residential buildings wore deBtroyod, including the personal effects of Mr, Kennedy (bhe manager) and his wife, besides £20 in oaah. The origin of the fire is a mystery. The property is insured in th,e United Company. Three of the chief grocery firms in Melbourne were vesterdav fined £2 for selllncr baby bottlos of champagne, their licenses only permitting sales of half-pints. They pleaded that ib had been their custom for the past 20 years. . At a rifle matoh in Melbourne yesterday Queens land was first in the Federal match, with a score of 862 ; New South Wales waa second, with a score of 838; and Yiot.oria third, with a score of 826. Burglars havo been buBy ot Tom Haloa' house, Melbourne, aud have carried off bwo oups, ono valued at £100, won at Albury in 1887, and tho other of silver, valued at £10, given to him as rider of Emulation at tho Adolaide St. Leger in 1876. Noth ing else was touched. | Tho Labour Bureau nubhorltieB are busy provid ing men with work. Fifty of thp ' seoond grade' type are to be put on ab once ab Lhe work of exbond ing Laohlan-Btrpeb through, Moore Park, nnd another gang of 50 or 70 will bo put ot^ by tho end of tho-week. Further instalments of. able-bodied mon aro also being sont up to tho ICoorawatba Grenfoll and the Rnok-Green'a Gunyah linos. Tho (government or viotoria nas aeoiaoa to in oreaso tho pay of Homo of the lower-paid ' Publio servants. I pieuro-pneumoniahasniadoitn appearanoo among cattlo in the Morwell district. Victoria. In Norfolk Island tho' whaling soason has yielded poor results, only five whales having been taken. The death was ennounccd yeBterday of Mr. John Alexander M'Cubben, ab hiB residence, Leichhardb. Deceased, who died suddenly, had boon ailing for Bomo time. Death waB duo to failura of the boirb's notion. Mr. M'Cubben was Grand Secretary of tho Grand Uait'd Order of Oddfellows of New South Walos, and' for years took an notlvo intoreot in nil Friendly Sooiety matters. Ho was 65 yqarH of ape. At a meeting of tho oounoil of tho Viotorian Chamber of Oommeroo a lettor waa read from the Adelaide Chamber, snggeating that general aation bo takon by tho various Chambers of Commerce to frame a federal tltriff. It waB decided to roply that tho timo for this was nob yob opportuno. The oonbrnot for tho supply of ioaomotlve coal bo the Viotorian Railway Department oxplres at tho ond of tho year. Tenders word opened yester day for. the eupply ot Now South Wales and Vlofcorlan coal for one, two, and threo years from January 1, Two tenders wore rocoived for Now South Walea ooal and threo for Viotorian, and they will.all bo referred to the ohiof meohanlool engineer for report. , ' v . At n meeting of thn Viotorian Lioonsed Vic tuallers' Association yoftorday tlie prollmlnnry atepR.were taken to hold a oonforonoe of lioonsed victuallers of ull the oolonien with a view of formu lating a uniform oode of liquor and linonsing laws for the guidance of tho Federal Parliamont. A. curious problem has bean under tho considera tion of tho postal authorities lately. Itiaomtomary on diitostamps(tn indicate tho ypnr by the last -two figures, such bp, for inobanoo, 18/11/00, bub If thin rule is to be observed next year, 'the loBb of tho prnsent century, theyoar will be indicated by. ' 00 ' whloh will mean nothing. The question, It. appoarn, was considered at 'the Washington Oonforonoe, having beon brought under notlco by the German representative*, and it was then suggosfcod that tho countries wibhln the Postal Union should ndopfo tho '00' form, instead of putting in tho wholo four figures. The Victorian Doparbmonb has agreed to follow thla oourso. An oloobro-miignoblo proooss for tho reoovory of tho bulk of bho lend and silver, and for produolng a high grade zlno product from Brokon-hill oros, is said to ho a marked sucaoss. Tho body of a dead ohlld, wrapped in a nows papnr, was found lash night in a Marrlftkvlllo tram, In the intercolonial lawn tonnln contents in Mnlbonrno in tho singles and doublns, Now South Walon soorod n total of 33 points nnd Viotoria 80, Tiio Viotorian railway oarnlngs oontinuo on tho upward grndo. Tho total oaah paid, into the Tronaury by the Railway Department elnoo July 1 shows an Inoroane of £08.550 aomparcd with tho corresponding period of Inst year. Some oociaf-ornntion haa boon oauaed amongst sntnn of tho minors at tho Blaynoy onppor mine by. tho vlsltatlone of n ghost in ono of tho shafts. Tho men hear strango nolson, bolls ringing, Bighing, groaningn, r.to. Minora going bolow havo thoir candlon extinguished by a aupornattfral visitor, and soino of tho mnn'allogod that something brushed punt thorn. Six men have loft tho mine owing to tliti terror the ghost has inspired. At IC'ilgoorlio yesterday tho mountod polioo arroatod 14 alluvial diggers on ohargos of utoallng ore. Ab Mul wale, near Oorowa, on Sunday, Mr. ThomaB Groan's stovo wna broken into, and hia oafo wan aarrlod away. Onnli and ohoquoa amounting to £170 woro stolon. 