The Komniico of Bank Failures. Like a ghost that refuses to be laid, the City of Glasgow Bank still stalks through the land, and clanks its chains with in the precints of the Law Courts (remaiks the Scotsman). Ir is now known under the unme of the Assets Company, which was formed shortly after tho collapse of -the bank to take over the outstanding assets of the concern. By the settlement for £17,000 of its action against the re presentatives of the late Mr. Tosb, a farmer near Crail, it has obta'ned another windfall. The cir cumstances of the case nre somewhat peculiar, and nre calculated to roeke those compounding debtors to tho hank who still survive, feel ill at ease. At the time of the bauk's failure. Mr. Tosh, held £400 worth of stock in the concern, and he was therefore liable in about 24 times that amount, or £9600, to satisfy the! creditors, ltnin stared him in tbe face, and ou the plea that bis holding in the bank represented nil his savings, he wns discharged by the liquidator, b e paid, nowever, £1700, being the value of his farm and stock, etc. About three years ago he died, a bachelor, aud left a consider- able fortune, amounting, sa far as we cane rcollect, to £20,000. The Argus eye of the Assets Company was immediately fixed on this nest- egg, and the company very naturally set about to find how a farmer in Fife had acquired it sihee 187S, at which time he professed to he ruined. An investigation levealed tho fact that at the very time of the bank's collapse he held stocks and shares of considerable value In various public com panies. An action was at once raised to have the discharge by the liquidator reduced 011 the ground that it had been granted on the understanding that the deceased had no further investments of any sort wherewith to pay hissliare of lhe general deficiency. The action lias dragged its slow length along for almost three years, and a reduction of thejdiscbarge was granted by tbe court several -months ago, and an account of ti e estate was ordered, tobe lodged. The large sum of £17,000, which has now been paid to settle the case, does not in reality reprosent the whole amount wiiioh the Assets company sued for, as interest has to be added to the capital sum for 20 years. 