NOVEL. The Wonder- Witch Br m, o, McClelland, CHAPTER XVIII.— (Oontinued.) j Bat when the negroes whispered about, with horrid insistence, a grim legend of a peddler seen to enter the. wakefield door, but , not to come out again, the populace decided that the town was ripe for investigation, and, summoning official aid, raided the place. The Wakefields resisted, and there was a battle, in which a man or two were \- shot. This added to the evil repute of the plaoe, and it needed only a hideous disoovery in one vi um oeuars, ana an incontinent lynching in the backyard, to give it a char acter which would condemn it to isolation from human occupation forever. The agent no longer took the trouble even to fasten up ' doors and windows, fie knew that in the bucolic imagination, both white and ool ? oured, the plaoe would speedily become a choice rendezvous for evil spirits and haunts, and the particular stamping ground of the ' devil. As Ruth turned from a aide gate iuto the ppblio road, she noticed a nephew of her relative's, who lived with her, in a far field, talking to a man on horseback. Sheoan , tared oo briskly, not wishing to be belated. A mile or so on she turned into a cross road whioh debouched through a pine forest and was apparently but little used. The after noon was sombre, with a dull November sky and intermittent sunshine. The chill of the ' air was untouched, and tha earth held the frost of the previous night, so that, except when fallen pine needles deadened all sound, it rang hard as iron under the horse's hoofs. Oo either hand the pines, aroostyled and massive, uplifted columns of bronze, withsolamp -cathedral effects, «nli«inwul by the interlacing ot dark branches above into impost and arch, rib and groin. Through the foliaged intneaoies of this mighty roof \- the light sifted dimly down to the shadow less oarpet of brawn pine needles. Buth code slowly, impressed with the silenoe aud grandeur of the plaoe and invigorated by tbe aromatic incense whioh she drew into ? - her lung*. A short difetanoe farther the woods opened . into clear fields, enclosed by dilapidated ? , ? fsness, and abandoned to the encrnaohment of bfoomsedge and scrub. The road, muoh washed and gullied, led ciroaitously to the old jarmhouse in the distance, so Rath left itand cat auras through the fields. The .house stood bsre and forlorn among its de . , aaded frees, the very epitome and centre of an encompassing desolation. Rath shuddered as she looked at it, mildewed over with decay, its sasUess win dows goggling into space _ like eyeless ? sockets, its smokeless chimneys eloquent of .paU hearthstones below. She did not won der thai, the plaoe was avoided by all, and was half sorry she had came to it herself. She WMnehed her mind away from the . wonder which of tbe bees had been need as ..?-.if Aigibbet, and resolutely recalled the old -time, -riming to fill tbe silenoe and desola r tiai- with the movements of men and the glow of oamp tires. Ihe yard enclosure was . , goat, but a broken gate poet stock up & noBt, like a|sst tooth in the jaw of old qg«. lituh dismounted and fastened her hone to it. He pathway to the house was distinot I atfll and well leaten, tat the pamh . itself y f ii; Ms OTSfmwl, as d sagged mourifnlly away m IwbIIm building. Roth hi nmmil it dobi E -'Mfi&r; anil l»M hnrhand an the door. As she ,v, did so her horse whinnied sharply, and she ly®- ; ;; glanced beak at ttim, ' srtartled.There was nothing in sight; so, concluding that the b«ut was simply protesting against bans *-P«n the door and entered, pi .A* -Ipil was.the ' _;..jM4l£iiSlwdW on that far away morning. iSha jnaaow At it cuilowsJy, noting in otter v.-- ' Md Ita which »pokfl of ifcshidewM iftertajt* ?-??'iSif pcooew^np th« rtsfrway, trying tottrirify signaHy. The 'now' 'mfoma^eeeB^smS lot the thai there ooald be only the unsafe, etantiallty of a ghratly return. - : Itwas oi Guthrie, not of the gay young Confederate, that Bath thought as she crossed the upper hall and entered the small room in which their interview had taken place. Hera it was- better : the room was moderately oican, and the window, white de nuded of a pane or twoof glass, retained its sashes. The gloom without had lifted a little, and what scant sunshine there was entered and lay in a segmented square on the floor. A shabby old table, too forlorn to tempt theft, stood iu the centre of the room, and beside it a broken-backed chair, whioh seemed somehow to turn the edge of the general desolation. Buth seated herself and strove loyally to bring back the past, even removing her gloves so that she ought derive inspiration from the wonder- witch's ring. So intent was she that die did not notice the noiseless opening of an inner door, or the equally noiselees advance of a man in grey uniform. It was only when a quitt voice said, ' Ifs pretty hard work oonjur ing it all baok, isn't itf' that the looked up in terror, with her heart in her throat, to behold — the Confederate ! For a delirious instant it seemed to her that she must be try sting with a ghost, and then Guthrie's voice, entreating forgiveness for a sordid trick was in her cars, and Guthrie's strong hands held hers in their clasp. Then, in a moment their eyes had spoken, and a great spell broke over her, and Bhe was gathered olose in -his arms, olinging on his breast, with his lips seeking hers, and her heart all a- tremble with relief and love and comprehension. CHAPTER XIX. In tbe first flush of recognition, the link ing together of ber present ana past, the realization that this new love of hers was bnt a delayed growth and blossoming from the old root, Buth yielded herself gladly and let love have its way. But after a little her omnipresent honesty reasserted itself. She pushed Guthrie from her with a quick exclamation that she had no right,— that he was the property of another. Guthrie, thanks to a hint from Miss Vandan not utterly at sea, quietly drew her olose again, holding her faoe against his breast and explaining that she herself, and no other woman, had held the first plaoe in his heart since the far away morning when he had bidden her farewell in the room down below and left with her his pledge. The neighbourhood had made a most natural blunder, he affirmed, but oue exceedingly annoying to all parties. Then he laughed gayly and bade Buth look to her own flash and name for Miss Vandan's lover. Fate had given Hugh a chance at retaliation for scores by a bit of Northern conquest, and, if signs went for anything he had embraosd his opportunity. Ruth profeued herself satisfied, and, hand in hand, they proceeded downstairs, reviving the past more successfully in oompany. On their way out, they visited the lower room, whioh by some singular optical delation ap peared to emerge from the hideousneas of later happenings and even to take on a bit of reflex cheerfulness. Gathrie produced the roan filly from an outhouse, where she had been stabled (a faot already oommented on by the descendant of Lapwing), and the pair rode away to gether. During the ride Guthrie explained sundry other matters. At Miss Vandan's instigation he had shaved ofi his beard, and borrowed Hugh's old uniform, whioh for tunately fitted him fairly well. Ho had made an extra early start and oome op to the gap that day, baiting for a midday rest et a house in the notoh. His intention had been to go straight to Miss Randolph's, but be had missed ma way a little, and finally turned aside into a field to interview a boy about it. While talking he had a glimpse of her, on horsebaok, in the road, and like an inspiration it oome over him where she was going. Previous knowledge of the ooontry, and a few hurried directions from the boy, enabled him to utilise a short cut, and, by hard riding to get to the goal ahead of her. Hugh had told him that the houss was unoccupied. The roan filly had proved her metal and been safely hidden in tbe out house full three minutes before Buth had emerged from the pine forest. From an upper window he had watched her approaoh, assured of the hold which the old time must have on her by her coming, and also by her wearing the hat with the crossed bayonets. Then he put out his hand and took hers and drew the glove from it, that hs might lay his lips to her fingers as he had done long ago. He drew ofi the ring, and then replaced it with, as he said, a deeper sig nificance. And while the horses moved slowly, side by side, he told her a brief resume ot its history. (The Ens.) 