NOTES AND COMMENTS. The fact that the far-famed Heyfield Estate is now on the market and will shortly be pat up for auction, has given a decided fillip to the movement for a proposed syndicate to procure its purchase in the interests of the district. The estate is announced to be put up in one lot, but it is hoped that such a transfer will be effected, either by Government or private enterprise, as will enable tins valuable property to be sub-divided into farms. This would not only bring its capabilities into the fullest development, but would give a great impetus to the prosperity of the district, and would be of national advantage. A report was in circulation some time ago that similar -steps were finder consideration, in/regard -to tha Traralgon Park estate, buf there unfortunately Appears to be no solid foundation for the rumor. Would that it were true, for it would not only be an immense advantage to the town of Traralgon, but those who are well calsulated to judge, assert that sub-divided into dairy farms, the property would give a far and away better return to the proprietors than it can ever possibly do for fattening purposes, as has been wonderfully proved by similar cases in the Western district. • * * The unsavoury, but none the less important, question of the mght service of Traralgon again came before the local shire council on Tuesday, but as it was considered in committee, we are not privileged to give the discussion which we think ought to be published in the public interest. "We shall not, howeverj be transgressing the bounds of comment in saying, that the objection to the present system was... based, on its lack of. stringency, inasmuch" as at present inany of. the ratepayers do. not avail themselves of the service, and refuse to do sOj resorting to practices which are a decided menace to the public health. On the other hiand, it is contended that the existing bye-law is compulsory upon every ratepayer within' the township boundary, and as it is unfair that some householdesr should conform to it and others not, it is suggested that a few test cases should be taken to enforce compliance in the interest of public health. At present not a few people bury the nightsoil on their premises to save the fees, disregardless of the danger they may foster in the outbreak of disease. Daring last week a resident of Gormandale visited. Melbourne, and obtained satisfactory assurances that the proposed railway from Traralgon to Gormandale will have a good prospect of being passed this session. With the object of strengthening the hands of the member for the district (Mr Mason), a meeting of the Gormandale Progress Association is convened for Wednesday next, to take action in-the .matter. We notice that the meeting is called at the unusual hour' of one o'clock, which will prevent any representatives from Traralgon being present. As it is desirable, to secure the object in view, that the movement should be as wide as possible, and should embrace both Traralgon and Gormandale interests, if the meeting was fixed for 3 o'clock, it would enable a deputation from Traralgon to at- tend, and take concerted action with Gormandale and district, and the object would thus be more likely to be obtained. We throw out the hint to the conveners of the meeting, and trust that it will be acted upon for the general good of the cause. Reports of the Rosedale Shire Council, and the Nathalia ' Dancing' Sermon, will be found on the fourth page. Parcels for the following are at the Traralgon railway stacion :—Bell, F. Da Ye, Leslie and Co,, English, Noble, Mannix, Farmer, Purcell, Pearce, Gilmour. Manning, Ware, M'Kinnell, Powell, O'Callaghan, Haines, Dove, Wilson. The first of a series of' socials', under tha auspices of the Traralgon ' Rosette* Club was held on Wednesday night last, and passed off successfully. There were about 20 couples present, and excellent music was ..supplied by Mr A. Ritchie, while Mr W. Barker officiated as M.C DRESSMAKING.—W. D. LESLIE & Co. wish to announce to the Ladies of Traralgon tbat they have succeeded in pro' curing the services of Miss Gray, a lady of much experience, whom they can recommend with confidence to their castomeis. Coats, Skirts and Riding Habits a specialty. Mourning orders promptly executed. A dangerous character named Thomas Talbot was arrested in the main street of Traralgon, yesterday, carrying a gun, which he was pointing at people, and is alleged to have discharged near the sabway; He is well-known to the police, w and will be charged to-day before the local bench. The Traralgon Brass Band (under the -leadership of Mr Marsden, R.M.A.M., will play, the following ejections on. .Saturday evening next (weather ^ permitting) •—-Quick March, ' Ingomar; Valfle, * The Yeoman of the Guard'; Quick March, 'Far in-the Gloamin' Gavotte,- ^ Stephanie 1 ; Selection; • Songs of 3Snjg^nd'; Qoi<& Mudk* Ka&lerai; Mavoorneen'; Yabe, Zaltfca'; Qdiek March,' Sandhurst'. Mr H; C. Jones reports having sold the Traralgon hotel and adjacent properties to Mr William Varney, at a satisfactory figare. Oa Wednesday next, a concert will b^-given At Tyers for the benefit of thegecretary of the Mechanics' Institute (Mr Boss). The popular price .of Is : has been fixed. Messrs Morton and Coghi'l, of Burwood, announce an important sale of dairy cattle on Friday next. The stock tc hp offered is ol high class and thoroughly reliable, and affords a good opportunity for those desiring A1 cattle. W. D. LESLIE AND Co have jnst received two cases of Flannelette Underclothing and Blouses, bought at less th»n the cost of production, which they will offer on Saturday next. Also, 150 Wbi'e, Cream, and CoS>e Sample Curtain Ends at 6cl, 8d, lOd, Is each.— Advt. BAIN & MACDONALD are sole district agents for City Corporation Manures, Surprize Island Guano and Weishers Superphosphate Manures, supplied bv - T us at manufacturers' list price, carriage added.—ADVT, To-day a consignment of 450 store cattle, from the Btarved-out districts of N.S.W., will arrive in this, district, where feed is plentiful. The cattle have been consigned fewa Wodbnga »tb dale, and will require two special trains of 38 trucks. We are sorry to learn tbat the latest victim to influenza is the esteemed president of the Traralgon shire, Cr Danbar, who was prevented from attending the council meeting on Tuesday. We are pleased to learn, - however, that the attack is not of a serious character. In consequence of the absence of Mr Creswell, P.M., on Wednesday, the Traralgon Licensing Court was adjourned to Morwell, The following applications for transfers were listed :—Star hotel, Traralgon, to Elizabeth Ross ; Club hotel, Morwell, to Robert Mill; Sportsman's Arms, Tyers, to James Rogers ; Junc- tion hotel, Flynnstead, to G. Freshwater. TBY M. AND E. MCCARTHY for China, Glass, and. Earthenware. A well assorted Stock just opened ; latest patterns to choose from, for Prices and Quality they cannoi be excelled. Call and Inspect. Franklin Street, Traralgon.—ADVT. The Gippsland Municipal Association appears to be yielding up the ghost. The Rosedale shire on Monday decided to withdraw its membership. On Tuesday the Traralgon shire said ' ditto, 1 and last week the Warragul Council arrived at the same decision. There now remains only three or fonr shires in the Association, which may be said to have been killed by mismanagement and neglect of its opportunities. The Princess Dramatic Company open at the local Mechanis' Institute this (Friday) evening, when will be staged the great moral and pathetic drama ' Uncle Tom's Cabin.' Tc-morrow (Saturday) night ( In the Ranks 9 will be produced. The evergreen popular baritone, Mr John Matlock, is the vocalist of the company, while the metropolitan dramatic artistes—Miss Helen Vivian and Mr Maurice Gerald—will sustain the principal paits in both pieces. Mr J. Johnstone, who has .been connected with the Traralgon railway department for the past four years, performing at times the combined duties .of shunter and porter, is about to be. transferred to A&rat;, having applied for a change on account of his health of late not being satisfactory. He was to have taken his departure . to-day (Friday), but has been delayed by a slight accident on Monday <crushing one of his feet) while in the execution ef his duty. The high estimation in which he is held by his fellow employees has prompted them to initiate a movement for the purpose of presenting him with a parting souvenir. We have pleasure in bearing testimony to Mr Johnstone's courtesy as a public officer. 