ROMANCE OF AN ACTRESS. FB0H THE F&LACJE; TO THE OAEBET. At the last Salon in juria a plaster bust of Mile. Olairon, bsculptor, ..Henri Gaoqoie, io oollabotaUon witii U)e ard»iVect, Guillanme, aitracted Considerable attention Mow the French journals announce tbat the friends of the drama ia France propone to bave a marble copy of this bust erected in tbe paUio square of the town of Conde-sor. Esoattt, tbe birthplace of La Olairon. Ofaim was tho Bernhardt of her time* She waa so puny as a baby that immediately after ber biftfa tdie waa, like Voltaire, hurried tqito.QhaQBb'tq&e; baptised. But.wben tJie obarah wWreaohed It was found to be closed. The personage, too, was empty. The priest and his vicar were .at a masquerade ball, for it; was the day of tbe town carnival, and Ihe priest was helping his uarishienerslo cele* brate iu The baby was carried at once to the ballicom, where the priest WSB disguised as a harlequin and ^the ^vjear us a down. Tbey judged the baby's condition to he sufficiently critical to demand immediate aUcntiocL So ihey biopped tne music then and there, and taking the neccsaaiy materials from a sideboard, perfonned the rite. But tbey need sot have been in each haste* for the life^thread of tlie baby was not to be out until 79 years later. They called tbo baby Clairfe; her full name is given as Claire- Hippolytc-JosepheLegrisde Latude. Clairon had a liarali mother, whoused to puniBh ber by locking her up in an isolated ; room. Opposite tu this room lived Mile JDangeville, who became one of the greatest of soub* rettes. Clairon used lo see her taking sing* ing lessons and ICSSOUB in dancing; she used to see her receiving the piaiBe and encouragement of her family; she was pained at the difference between her own life and that of her neighbour, aud what she saw and felt fired ber with an ambition to become an actress. The Hist visit tht Clairon made to a H heat re had a avh an effect on her tbat during the whole timu of the play and the rest of the evening shu could not be made to speak. •SIIH sa^-K, in her Memoirs," that after relurping from tlie theatre, tho only thing she heard that night was the command, " <Jo to bod, you big g<tose!" She Tan off to bed only to remain awake, going over in her mind all thai she had seen and heard at tJie theatre. The next morning she astonished her friends and lelatives by repeating more than a bundrod verses of the tragedy and about two* thirds of the little play. But this did not please her mother. She buid she would rather her daughter knew how to make a dress or a night-gown. btill thechjJd persisted in foliowiue the course that she had mapped out for herself, and blows and daps were powerless to turn her. Threats to starve her, and to break her bones if ehe did not work, only angered her to tho point of exclaiming:--" Kill me, then, at onco, for otherwise I shall go upon the stage!" At length ehe became the pupil and after* wards tlio rival of tbe celebrated Marie Fran* coise DumeKoil, and her intfri>ivtation »f CoroeiUje, liacine, and Voltaire Jed-L»aclmn» moot to say—" Hardlv is she nnnouncrd "before the house is filled; the momeht nils appears she iB applauded'siriih thesnLinoBlen-- thueiasm; shs is the most fihinhed- work «"f she iB Meipomene embellished by Phidias." While at the height of her fame Clairon was visited by countesses and poneesses. She was the intimate of such men as Marshal de Wcbolieu, J, F. 61armont«*l, the Marqais de Ximenes, and the Margrave of Anspaob. Louis XV. himself came to sec her, and ox him she said to Mine, de Pomiwdoor:— 11 He owes his royalty to ohancc, 1 owe mine to genius.** For her anrulioess she was imprisoned in Fort I'Eveque. She transformed her prison into a banquet room, giving sumptuous suppers. The carriages of Ixrr visitors vrete lined up outside the prison door, as though tu front of the door of a hotel. Her personal appeal s Ron at the age of 22 or 23 was thus described by a contemporary: " She is extremely pale; her head is handsome, aod her eyes are large and full of tire. Iier mo at h is ornamented with heaulifol teeth, and her throat is well placed. Site arises without affectation, ber form is graceful, and she bas a very modest address. Without being an accomplished beauty she is a person that anyone would oall charming." But Clairon was not ulune great as an actress; ber writings relative to the roles of her repertoire have been pronounced excellent piocf»s of literary criliciem. Ainnug Other things «he wroto a manual for playori*, entitled " Reflexions sur la J)ftclaui;iti<ID Tbeatrslc." She is credited with having been the first to conccivc ilie idea of a conservatory wlitre actoisshauld leetdveati the instruction ucweaaiy in their ui1» nnd she is said t-o have h»en among Ihe lijti- lo pkj the powerful rffect pixxlumJ by th« lealism of tho English Frroch drama Iuih tjc.cn od judged to bu urriitly in debt ml tu her for what she did lo intniduw iiit»> it an elcuiont of resemblance to tiuth. Sh< ( . effected a revolution io coHtumcs, ridiculing tho iduah of playing lioxaoa, one of hsr triumphs, in robes a la Francois Yet, in spita of her genius aud intelligence, Clarion was superstitious. This lias been attributed to the effect of the ghost stories and tales of witchcraft with which her ohildhood was tilled. In tho Kiory Of her life Bhe relates as a fact tliat a suitor whom she had rejected sent lor her to visit him on his deathbed: ihat she refused to go; that at XI o'clock in the evening, when she gave the refusal, the company assembled at dinner in her house heard a strange and piercing cry of ttngaish; that she fainted: and that eveiy evening at the same hour the same cry wh* beard! A few weeks later the cry erased, bat in its place cauio a pistol shot, through hor window. Everybody saw tbe flash, but the window remained whole. Detectives were set to watch io the belief tliat Borne servant was playing a trick, but at the same hour night after night the same thing occurred, and nobody could be seen* One Bight when Clarion was taking fresh air oo a. piazza the shot occurred at the usual hour, and she felt a 6trong slap upon her cheek. Another tinio when she was riding past tlie house where the rejected suitor died three shots were tired through the windows of the coach. The coachman thought it waB an attack of robbers and whipped up the horses. The shots, after severe! nighlsjjgave place to hand*clapB, which were followed in their turn by an enchanting voice singing a beautiful aod touching a|r*One day on old lady dressed |O black called to SOB Mile. Clairon. She was a relative of tho rejected one, and she told thegreat scLress that,.hayingJieen with hiin in his last moments, she heqfd bim exclaim when informed of Clairon's refusal to visit him—*' 1 shall follow her when I am dead, as-I have followed her ia my lifetimeI" ; At laBt the great Clairon fell into disfavour fenti sank :back into her original poverty. I>resnedin worn out clothes, she lived daring her last days'io a single room, which she WBB forced to sweep herself."£he was buried in the Cemetery of Pere Chaise. For a lung time her tomb was neglected,-bat lately the Comedie Franchise hasiiadit repaired. Such ipihefctory of La Clairon who is called the foremost tragic actress of the eighteenth century. A French journalist said x>f her—: « She started from nothing and to nothing she returned, after having swung round tbe circle that passes over tho peaks of glory," 