THE FLEETING HOUR. Sir Julian Salomons is the new Agent General of New South Wales. The national debt of France now amounts to the tidy snm of £1,400,000,000. The British ship Andelln has foundered at Tseoma, on the east shore of Paget Sound, U.S., 19 fires being lost. Mr. Dickson, the Premier of Queensland, •has accepted Mr. Beid'e invitation to be present et the coming Federal Conference. The population of Broken Hill and district at the end of 1898 was set down at 27,493, an increase of 1327 for the.12 months. The Broken Hill Proprietary Company report a net profit of £122,151 on the half . year ended recently. The work of rabbit suppression costs the Victorian Lands Department over £14,000 annually. The Senate of the City of Hamburg, the great commercial emporium of Germany, situ . atad on the Elbe, has voted £1,000,000 for extending its docks and quays. The man Cairns, who stabbed hie wife and cot his own throat at Price on Sunday, died at the Adelaide Hospital on Wednesday evening. One of the richest men in Australia died at Waverlev (N.S.W.) on Tuesday—Mr. B. Craven, mineowner and speculator, whose fortune is expected to reach Very big'figures. There is a big field for temperance workers eveu-atnong the children of London, 500 of whom, under the age of 10 .years, were taken . into custody last year as drunk and ineapable. . The final estimate . of the Victorian wheat crop puts down*, the yield at 20,421,000 bushels, or 5,000,000 bushels larger than the gnwtest previous record. ' Of this about 121 million bushels will be available for export. Samoa has been in a state of civil war over the kingship, and the British, American, and German ..consuls, have been drown into the quarrel.. The fighting has resulted in the loss, of 17 lives, while many others were wounded. * The cute Yankee has scored, another point . ' He baa been lending his loiters in bolk to penny-postage Canada and having them there transmitted to Great Britain and elsewhere, thus caving three-fifths of the ordinary cost i of postage. ... ,* '" ..V. . .. .. One hundred .apd jfifty ppf. the Sierra i&ope; * ' " in ponteqnence. of 'tbe attempt ;to] ' ' -aioBt tllB' whites'; and *. ir» Kare heeBSBntejieed> ,^___.^ii;^rol^te..tliat hdf.the ti^^ComihaUSr'" f' •-' GrtibBSre doing great damage in tbe-onion fields at Honnt Gambier, and eome growers areengaging hoys to collect them, in this ■ way large, numbers are being" destroyed, 10,000 grubs being, taken from atiiree-acre : paddock one day.last treek. More war rumors are afioat. Itis thought likely that the Bulgarian Government, inli incite Macedonia to rise in the spring for the purpose of throwing off the oppressive, yoke ' of the Turk, and the Saltan ib preparing for an aotire campaign. A big battle has taken place between the rebels in Yemen, a province of Asiatic Turkey, and the Turkish soldiers. Therebels wen defeated with a loss of 4000 killed, while 2000 of the Tarkish troops ' were slaughtered.7 The police atiU aeetn unable to get -the hang of the. Gatton tragedy, although they ban a taipeat (Burgess) in oustody. A woman vrlao lives near the" scene of the "., 'inurden has arrived in Brisbane with ' infor ' mition which may have an important bearing . on the ease,"and the result of her statement will be eagerly watched. On Wednesday both the Assembly and Counoil adjourned until Tuesday, ^February 28\. The reason why the .usual prorogation has not taken place is because it will be necessary to discuss the decisions, of the . Conference of Premiers o.n Federatittfi, and an . adjournment was favored rather than another cession. - In any case it looks "as though the . general elections cannot be held in April. \- The AmericoCanaidian Commission : , satisfactorily adjusting the disputes between Canada and the States, the matters already . settled being the vexed Behring Sea sealing question, reciprocal mining, regulations, the Alaskan bonndary, restrictive regulations for the preservation of the fisheries of the Great lakes, the North Atlantic .fishery question, alien labor laws, and reciprocity of trade. A snake and a rabbit met down Mount Gambier way s few days ago, and the former at once sought a closer acquaintance by insisting on the rodent ''coming inside.** The reptile had overestimated its'carrying " capacity; however,. for no sooner bed it disposed of its intended victim than it bnret and 'gave np the ghost—and the rabbit. The snake was about 4ft. in length. Immense damage has been caused in many ' parts of the United Kingdom by gales. Irj! ' North Wales the driver and stoker of* 1 a ygpoda-trsin whioh was passing aamall .Watering-place were Jd rowed through* being r..wa*l!ad off bhairengine by a huge wave A " ga^l lfiO yarde long was madeio the seawall, along whieb the railway runs from Liverpool; to Manchester, and an express starting from the former, place was just pulled" up in time to save it from detraction. A deputation of unemployed. told the Oommissiouer of Publie Works on Tuesday that there were. fully 2000 men ont of work ' in the colony at the present time. The \- distress which prevailed on account of ttbe scarcity of employment was declared to be much more accnte than the general public imagined, and Mr. Jenkins was urged to put at many men as possible on the public workB in course of progress. The Oommissiouer promised to give a definite reply on Friday. A circular has been issued to the Powers by the Btiuian Minister of Foreign Affaire defining the program to be submitted by the Carat the Disarmament Conference to be held at St. Petersburg shortly. Nicholas's scheme is to arrest the increase of armaments by mutual agreement, to establish various . international arrangements for the mitigation of the conditions of warfare, "to extend the principle of mediation, and to establish a system of arbitration. In the meantime the notions are hurrying on their military and naval additions—with the idea of course of being in a good position if anything comes of the - Czaris proposal, which is definitely understood not to in any way inclnde the redaction of armaments. 