A TRUE SYDNEY GHOST STORY. (Mrs. J. White.) The following story was was told to the writer by a well-known artist, at present residing in a country town of New South Wales who posi- tively declares that it is true in every parti- cular. The house with which it ia connected is still standing. About 25 years ago, being in want of a house in Sydney, my parents became tenants of an old one called. \- Grange, situated across the harbor, in the suburb of North Shore. \- Grange was a large one- storeyed place, built in the early days of the colony by an En- glish officer, who was in charge of convicts. In the quadrangle, which during our time was a yard surrounded by domestic offices, was still to be seen a triangle, formerly used for flogging. Beneath the basement were three large cellars, with vaulted roofs, two of them communicating with each other by heavy iron studded dooms. The furthest and smallest, used by us an a dairy, had been a prison, and between it and the largest was our dining-room, once the guard-room, the door of which, consisted of a strong grating. Similar gratings barred the windows, the tops of which were about a foot above the level of the ground outside. The further cellar was used by us as a kitchen. In the grounds, which were very ex- tensive, was an old well, down which tradition stated a prisoner had been pushed by a female convict. The dining-room, too, had been the scene of a tragedy. An officer had been found there one morning, sitting at the table with an open book, dead, shot through the back. My father, grandfather, and great-grand-fataier had all been soldiers, the first-mentioned having come out with Governor Bligh. My mother and grandmother, the latter of whom lived with us, had seen strange things in the old convict times, and I can truthfully aflirm that the ghastly stories connected witih the old house affected us not a whit. For about three months afiter our taking the house, nothing unusual occurred, Then a housemaid told my mother that some of the servants, sitting up till a late hour after the family had gone to bed, had been surprised to hear a low muttering conversation in the dining-room, which at length sounded as if several people were talking together witih occasional laughter. Look ing into the room, however, they said that it was tenantless, while, undisturbed by their presence, the sounds went on, seemingly in angry alterca- tion, until a sharp shriek was heard, and all was silent. This was a strange story, but on ques- tioning the of other servants, they all declared that they had heard the noises just as the girl describ- ed. For many nights the same thing went on. We all (my father included) heard the sounds, which, usually began towards midinigiht, and lasted for over an hour. Strict investigation was made, but without result. Two of the servants gave no- tice to leave declaring the place was haunted. Some monthspassed, and we became quite accus- tomed to the noises. My father, finding he could buy the house for a moderate sum, became its pur- chaser. The noises were still heard at intervals, but though unable to explain, we paid but little attention to them. One night, during the winter season, my mother gave a dinner party. It was a dark night, and the rain, which had fallen during the day, had made the ground soft. All the expected guests duly arrived by boat, with the exception of one, and the dinner passed off as usual. After wards, as we were in the drawing-room, a car- riage was heard to drive into the yard, the brake was put on at the gate, where the ground sloped, the harness jangled, and the vehicle stopped. 'Mr. B.,' said my father. 'I wonder what has made him so late?' Time passed, and as the expected guest did not appear, my father went out to inquire as to the late arrival, and was surprised to hear that no one had come. The servants, like ourselves, had heard the sound of wheels, and the man had gong out to render assistance; but on entering the yard had found it empty, and the gate shut. So cer- tain was everybody of the arrival of a vehicle that, to solve the mystery, lights were taken out, and the yard examined. All the guests had come in by the front entrance, and the soft ground in the yard bore no trace of wheel marks. This was by no means the only time the strange carriage was heard to roll in and stop. On various occasions, ourselves, guests, and servants heard it distinctly, but no trace of it was ever seen by anyone. One Christmas vacation we had staying with us a young fellow, a friend of ours. The weather was hot, and we were all in the garden. Our visitor, however, had occasion to go down for something to the dining- room, and coming back surprised us by asking, 'Who is the man in the dairy?' 'In the dairy?' said my mother. 'There can be no one there; it is locked, and I have the key in my pocket.' 'Well, at any rate, there's a fellow in there — a man in a blue jersey.' My brother went at once to investigate; but soon returned, saying the place was locked as usual, and there was no one there. Our guest, however, persisted in saying he had certainly seen a man in a blue knitted jersey standing with his back to the grated door, looking through, the tarred window. A few days after the same visitor, coming from the dining-room, called out to me, "I say, Bob, there's that fellow in the dairy again!' Going to the room with him, we both saw a man dressed in an odd kind of blue jacket, stand- ing in the dairy. His back was towards us, and his face turned to the window. I called out to him, asking what he was doing there, but he neither spoke nor stirred. I tried the door; it was locked, but wishing to come to conclusions with the fellow, whom I believed to be there for for a dishonest purpose, I hurried off for the key. My friend met me as I returned, looking rale and frightened. 'He's gone,' he said. 'I looked after you for a moment, and when I turned my head there was nothing.' We searched the place thoroughly. There was no possible hiding-place or mode of egress, save through the grated door. Walls and floor were of stiongly-cemented stone, and the only window was protected by solid bars of iron. Shortly after this incident my father sold the place, and we re- moved to a distant part of the country. Time passed, and I became acquainted with a young lady, a Miss C -- , who, in course of conversation, mentioned that she had formerly lived near Syd- ney, at a place called - Grange. I then re- membered that it had beesn purchased by a Mr. C - , and asked a few questions about the old place. 'We did not live there long,' said Miss C - 'We heard the strangest noises in the basement people laughing, quarrelling, and screaming. Sometimes a carriage seemed to drive into the yard. The neighbors all said the place was haun- ted. The servants would not stay, and all of us became so nervous that we had to leave.' Baroda, Armidale, N.S.W. A TRUE SYDNEY GHOST STORY.— THE HAUNTED HOUSE. 