OUR LONDON LETTER. (From our Special Correspondent.) London, July 21, 1899. The Paris "Figaro/ which has distin-<*> guished itself by the extent and peculiarity of its sidelights on the Dreyfus case, came out on Monday last with a document ot some interest regarding the notorious Es-1 lerhazy. It is the information laid before the Public Prosecutor by M. Christian Ks tcrhazy against his Uncle. "Uhlan Erfer b;izy," for embezzlement. When the latter hoard of the death of young Christian Ks lerhazy's father he wrote to him a letter ol condolence, which concluded with the j question, "Have you money T" Christian replied that his interest in his lather's cs- UUc, after paying off liabilities, amounted to £3<l, but iii> mother had n small lor- i tune of her own, £4,000. Esteruazy. who | had neVer been in correspondence with lire] relatives, became at once most kind. lie said he would in time mate a position lor his nephew in I'aris, and meanwhile would lay out madanie's savings to such advan tage that she would live quite comfortably, lie was au old schoolfellow ot Baron Ed mund de Kothschild, and had been of use to him, and the baron showed his grati tude by placing him in the way ol line investments. (The whole story ot his ac quaintance with the baron was fabricated.) He lenew an investment bringing in 20 I>er cent, annum interest, payable monthly. "My dear boy," he said, "your mother can send me as much as she likes for tins investment. Baron Edmund, I know, will do it for me. There is no rLJc. Besides, I guarantee it. You can get back your capital at a few hours* notice." Later Esterhazy tells his nepbcK" that he must | ajim at ijwo tilings—securing an heiress for a wife, and shirking military service. He, the Uhlan, will help him to avoid the j latter and get tflhfi former. *'I would have done better in business," the Chlan re marks in one of his letters, "than in this idiotic profession." Here is the Ester hazy plan of getting off military service:— "You will call an a doctor and complain of some ailment that cannot, be seen—a pain in the stomach, for instance. He wiii give yon a prescription, which you will not use. You will return to him several times, raying you are worse each lime, and when time for undergoing the medical ex amination comes, doctx>r will give you a certificate." Estcrhazy's view of matri mony* is eummed up by him as follows:— **Iv marriage one of the two parties is ararays taken in. You must try to be the ) other party." Here is another of liis : maxims of life —"Yon must dress up truth, and knour how to hoax people." Another apothegm expressed in 6lang may be translated —"Wten you tell a. lie, do not always stack to it. You must sift your statements intelligeiitlv, giving up some ia. order to defend the others all toe more." It is good sometimes to be a popular cricketer. Had Kumar Shri Banjitsinliji Yibhaji simply been a colored student at; Cambridge, with nothing but bis brains to I recommend him, it is very questionable whether the fact that his adopted father ] and the Indian Government bad between them deprived him of a kingdom, wouJJ have aroused any particular interest in the old country- But being a prince of cricketers Kanji's uard case is attracting a tremendous amount of attention, and un Monday night his friends, per Sir Seymour King, M.P. for Central Hull, were to have bombarded the Secretary for India with queries as to the great leg glider*; lost in heritance. The questions on the paper were whether in September, 1878, Kumar Shri. 4c, commonly known as Banji, was formally raised by his adopted father, t'ae late Jam Saheb of Nowanagar. to be the ueir and Miccessor of his Highness to the Gadi of Nowanagar, in accordance with ltajput custom, ■with the sanction and ap proval of the Indian Government, subject j to the condition that nothing should be aI- \ lowed to disturb his settled status an<l succession except, the birth of a son born , to Jam Saheb by one of Bajputs wives, wedded to him by nuptial ties as alone were'sanctioned amongst Rajpute by law, custom, and religion, and were then en titled to the rank, dignity, and appellation of a Hanji. Whether he was aware that the late Jam Saheb had 13 legitimate Rani wives and five Mahommedan concu bines, four of whom were sisters, and th it none of the Rani wives bore him a son who survived. Whether he could or would ex plain why in 1885 the Indian Government, without any previous notice to Prince Ean jitsmhji or his natural father, and widi out public and legal enquiry into the facts, decided to allow Jam Salieb to set aside Banji as heir to tiie Gadi in favor of Jasvanisingji, the son of one of the Maliom median concubines, who was not a Ram, and wiiose son, even if born to the Jam i Saheb, was excluded from, the succession by I the instrument to which the Government was a party, under which Hanji's adoption and heixship could only be nullified by the birth of a legitimate son to a Rani. Whe ther, in spite of repeated applications, Prince Ranjitsinhji has not been, informed by the Indian Government of the grounds on which the Gadi was taken from him,: and has been refused any enquiry into his j rights. And whether he will order that a a Commission of Enquiry shall issue as to the legal rights of ltaryitsrahii in the cir- j cumstances, under Rajput law- and custom; and the engagement ot the Tndiaji Govern ment. But' when the Secretary of State called upon Sir Seymour King that wortliy was not in his place, and questions were raised by other members as to the pro priety of the queries made. The speaker; eaid he would look carefully into the fram- j ing of die questions, and if irregular would taJ^e care to have t-h«**n put in an amended form or not at all. Mr. Arthur Bloore, of Sydney, who figured as ..respondent fn a divorce ca.-c yestenlay, was so anxious 4<* asasist his spouse to liberty that he actually gave evi dence by affidavit against himself, and j proved the essential "passages." Nor when ■the onions story of hts marriage came out did many blame him. It seems that in his salad days, when young, good looking,; and impecunious. Mr. Bloore suffered from ; a frightful attack of first love. The fever ; bnrnx with exceeding violence, both on j his side and that of his adorable Ada. TJiey defied the stern parent, who objected to their marrying on nothing I>er annum, and before Bloore was ruthlessly packed off to Australia, went and got secretly mar ried at a registrars office. "Nothing can ] part us n?w the law has made us one," cried amorous Arthur as he returned the virgin bride so lier father's house. and then he sailed forxJieantipndes. This was in IS?S. From the time of Jlr. Bloore"s arrival in Australia his interest in his bride became strangely languid and his love illusive. Mrs. Bloore tried again and again to recapture] the boiling flood of passion, but her letters, were teldom answered, and her proposals to rejoin "dearest Arthur" did not meet, alas! with acceptance. We were not told in court exactly when the regrettable "passages" began, but I fancy somehow there must soon have been a suspicion of one. In 1887 Mrs. Bloore beard that her husband had been taken seriously ill, and, she wrote offering to go out to him and i nurse him. He answered, putting her off. j In 1896 she came into a very considerable fortune, and she wrote to her husband, offering to share with him whatever she had. He wrote back gratefclly, hut of course said he c-ould not touch her money. Finally, Mr. Bloore candidly and manfully confessed to the— ahem!— pa.-v«iges. If, after knowing the facts, his wile eared to come out and try to pick up the skeins of i their incomplete marriage he was willing. Mrs. Bloors, however, on learning of Ar-1 thur's infidelity, ceased to love him. and j liled lier petition. In the course of her evidence Mrs. Bloore said she had never cohabited with her husband. Alter he left for Australia she wrote afiecrionnte letters to him, and the correspondence was kept cp until 1892, when she received an answer. 'At Christmas in that year she came into a considerable fortune, and she wrote to her husband, offering to share it with him. 'Down to that time she had always beeu ready and willing to go out to him. In the letter he wrote to lier statin? that he had been unfaithful, but that she had been true, he fully lwlieved. >!r. Bernard read the letter, which ran:—"Mine the fault; yours tlie paiu. 1 have often wondered could the broken link be cast aside and the chain mended with a new one. Is it possible or not? Write me unrestrainedly and fully. Tell me all you think and feel, and 1 wUI as fully tell* you, and if it bo possible to bridge over tbe guli was can. if desired, do so. One thin? only, the new life roust be out here, as 1 could mako a living for two OIH here,, and at home 1 could not, and I think you know mo tuo well to think 1 could live on you. Vntil your nest letter, as in days gone by. Ar thur.' Evidem-e, taken on commission, was read to the effect that the respondent, who was now an auctioneer in Australia, had been guilty of.misconduct. Hi> lord ship granted a decree nivi, with co.-t.-. The good jieople of Rnnbaix. in tl:e north of France, celebrated National fete • l:iy last week in a peculiarly atrocious manner. The nro^minK-of amusement- im-ludt-d ;i round of bull lisrhrins, and "a prtiml wind up" in the chape of an encounter betw.vn a huge lion. Goli.irb' and a Spanish bull, the contestants beinu put logorhcT iv a [ large cage. The result was most disap pointing to the spectator.*, for Goliath, bom and reared in cqirivity, proved a cowanUv brute. He "roared. splendidly," h>* the ehouts of the blood-thirety epeeta-; tor and mad rush of the goaded bull tosved him completely. The first encoun ter was decisive. Ihe bull gored rhe lion's ii.inU terribly, and in the madness of pain Crtjliath bit off the bull's ear. But that ms his only attempt at reprisals, lor next mo mcnl he was rolling on the ground bleed insr profusely and groaning with agony. Meanwhile the bull stood with ready head waiting iue lion't nert more. When it came it was a desj>era.te attempt to get anywhere out of the range of the toro's terrible horns. To do so Goliath tried to ciinib the bars ot the cage, and a* he rose ilie bull charped again, driving his liorns into the hapless lion's mourii. The wound ed "brute bit savagely on t*he horns and scored the bull's thick iieck intli a blow of hi? i*iw. but it was a last efiort, for as the lull! drew off for another charge Goliatii rolled over in the last throes. In vain, did the ChuSos try to irritate the poor beast into a final effort, in vain they tried to make the bull charge once again. He would not touch tbe inert tawny mass, and Leo Kaye up liie ghost, whilst 14,000 presumably eiviirsal beings cheered the vicior and lieaj>ed maledictions on the vanquished. So far the authorities no not appear to have taken any action against the promo ters of this inhuman sno-n-, and further lion v. bull lights are on the tapis. Bidel, Lh'j menagerie man, lias offered to put one oi his lions against two of Mazzantinrs l«?-=t Spanish hulls. The toreador, on his side, says he will match one tore against two lions or tigers for £1,000. 