AMUSEMENTS. Messrs'. WflKamson & Moagrovo an nounce that a w«oa6on of exbilarattng, ir resistible, uproarious merriment' will be gin, at the Theatre Raval at. Raiainlav svemnp nest, when the favourite American Comedian, Air. Harry Conor, associated with whom are Messrs. Hoyt & Mclxee's company- of comedians from the Madism Enuare Theatre, Xew York, will appear in the 1 muocal comedy entitled 'A Stranger n Xew York.' The mirth provoked by llr. Conor and his accomplices when taey appeared in Adelaide three years ago in that huanous comedy 'A Trip to Ouna :owq' will ba readily called to mind. 'A Stranger' is built upon the same lines, his principal and redeeming mission bcins to provide a means whereby patrons may augb. to their hearts' content. As the new piece was speciafly written for Mr. Conor by Sir. Charles H. Hoyt it may be taken for granted that it furaUhes him with ample opportunity for making fun. The author modestly cteini* for die play that it is simply an attempt to supply material tor an evening's entertainment, and as such, judging trom its success elsewhere, it has achieved its purpose. After its first production in Melbourne it was remarked: \- 'Anstialian tastes seem to be fast Ameri surizing, and hence it ins not surprising that the reception of the piece on Saturday night was as cordial as ever the managers could have desired. The house was over :rowded, the laughter spontaneous, and merriment sustained/and finally the cur tain went down on a thoroughly satisfied audience.' The season in this city is limi ted to two weeks, and, as other comedies have to be presented, 'A Stranger in New York' will only be produced for six nights, the bos-plan was opened at Marshalls for the first three nighte yesterday morning, when there was a good demand for seats, and there u no doubt hut that Mr. Conor and all the new comers will receive a cor dial welcome oa Saturday evening. Mr. Hudson changed the programme at ;he Bijou Theatre on Wednesday, but as a svhole the performance did not go quite so merrily as the opening one !a*t week, the audience was brae, and at times enthu siastic, but some of the numbers were not tppreciated. No doubt Mr. Hudson noted -he turns which found favour, and will ex tend them, with a. corresponding abbrevia tion of others. Such items as ''Gay Pari rienne'' by the companv ''Home, dearie, lome;' by Miss Onslow .llackay/'Plymouth sound*' byMr.H.Townley. the trick bicycle IKxtormancc by the Williams quartet, 'the pianoforte efforts of Miss IaIIa Gollmick, and the concluding sketch 'The Ghost in i. Pawnshop' are well worthy of inclusion in the r^Oftramme of any variety hall; but soine of the other items are scarcely up io the high standard of Hudson's Surprise Parry. The best part of the Rockley Bro khcrs' turn was their dandnir. which was exceptionally good, but as 'bones'' they infused no life into their performance. The Lingard sisters by their serio-vocal effusion ind dance on previous occasions found fa vour with thoee At the back, but la*t even ing it is doublfnl whether they did even this. Their *on*s want toning down. 'A Lesson in Uancing' by Mr. J. Watts and Miss Jessie Williams helped to fill the bill, but did not catch the fancy of the hou.«e. Mr. J. Harvey introduced' more impersona tions of theatrical celebrities, but why does he attempt to imitate such actors as Julius Knight and Wilson Barrett? His imper ?otuttinn of Wilson.; Barrett in 'Ben my Chree' was very tanieV An entire change of programme 1* announced for Saturday evening, nnd with the -taknt he has at his command, no donbt Mr. Hudson will pre sent an attractive programme. 