Tlie Sketcher. An Alpine Tragedy. Mts. Lclghton, aged 23. Xiadr Chill worth, aged CO. Scene: The covered terrace of the Hotel Riffclalp facing the peak of the Matterhorn. (Mrs. Leigh ton Is looking through tlie hotsl telescope at the peak of the Matterhorn. Lady Chlllworth (approaching) : What are you looking at, my dear ? Mrs. -ljelghton: I'm looking for my husband. He is on the Matterhoru. Lady Chlllworth : Ah, you're j-oung. When you get to my age you'll find it wiser 'to (look at your husband through the wrong end of the telescope. Mrs. Ijclgliton : 1 think I ses him. Ijook, a (iny black speck against the pure white snow. Lady Chlllworth (after gazing at Mrs. Leighion quietly for a few moments) : What an eloquent description of you aud liiiu. Mrs. I^eighton : What do you mean ? (Nervously.) Lady Chillworth : Oh, my dear child, you can't deceive me. Do yon think I don't know why you're making this dutiful display of interest in your husband ? Mrs. Leighion : But, Indeed, I 'Lady •Cliillworlh : My poor child, you kept your room all day yesterday, and I heard all lhat passed in it the night before laiot—before your 'husband left for the .Malterhorn—a most unwilling audience, 1 assure you ; but these foreign lintels, with doors connectlug all the rooms, like a public picture gallery, are not safe places for husbands to make exhibitions of themselves In. He's a brute ! Mrs. Leigh ton : Lady Chlllworth 1 Lady Chiilwoi'th (with rising indignation) : Yes, a brute. That bruise on your forehead I 'Mrs. Iveighton (colouring deeply) : I fell against, the chest of drawers, and Lady Oliillworth : lie pushed you. I heard liim. Mrs. Ijeighton : No, no—indeed. Lady nhillwort.h : Yes, he did, and yon, like the little heroine yon are, fearful lest tile truth should lie known, sit here making a display of interest and affection before all these strangers. But you seem to have one devoted friend. Captain Thornton is Mrs. I .eight on iwlth enthusiasm) : Oh, he iia siieli a good, true-hearted Lady ('liillw.n th : No doubt of it. and I'm sure he means well : but I'm an old woman, and know the world pretty well, and of the 1wo, (here's more danger to a young, attractive woman in a sympathetic male friend than in a bad husband. Mrs. Leighton : Rut Captain Thornton is a chivalrous gentleman. Lady chlllworth : Granted I 'And If friendship were possible between the sexes it might be possible wilh bim ; but it Isn't. Mrs. 'Leighton : He is the soul of honour. Lady Chlllworth : Granted again. But he worships the ground you walk on ! Mrs. 1/elghton (eagerly, then checking herself) : Oh, you don't think that do you ? I mean I'm sure he Lady Chlllworth : Don't try to deceive a woman old enough to be your grandmother. Do you think I don't know a man flu love when 1 see one 7 Mrs. Leighton : But what makes you think he—he—cares for me ? Lady Chlllworth : There's no mistaking the look iu his eyes. They soften tlie moment he sees you. I have watched you both. Do you know what heart hunger Is ? Mrs. Leighton (feelingly) : Oh yes I (Chocking herself) At least, I scarcely think 1 know what yon 'mean. Lady Chlllworth (grimly) : Quite right Keep like that Captain Thornton is a prey to the most acute form of heart hunger, the hunger that: gnaws the heart of a man debarred by honour from declaring his love. A woman never mistakes that Men think we don't know what they feel for us unless we show them we know it. Oh, my dear, what a mistake. I've been through it. all. Mw. Leighton : You ? How sad you look. Lady Chillwortli (sighing) : Sad ! I've a womau's memory, child, heartless old worldling (hough 1 seoui in the eyes of a world that judges by externals I Your case brings back lo me a memory of the past OA pause.) •Mrs. Leighton: Won't you tell nie about It ? Lady Chlllworth : There's not much to tell. I married young, an undisciplined girl, Ignorant of what love meant. When I grew to womanhood there came one Into my life who changed the meaning of existence for me. 1 loved him with every fibre of my nature. Had he asked it. I would have thrown every tie that bound me to the winds. But he loved my fair name and honour liefore all else, and In the loneliness of old age. Instead of a remembrance of the shame that clings for ever to a stained life, I have the fair memory of a man's chivalry to live on. The woman who holds such a memory in her heart Is not quite the heartless old worldling she seems. (A pause.) 'Mrs. Leighton (ill a soft voice) : I am so sorry for you. Lady Chlllworth : There, I'm a silly old woman ! Don't trouble your young heart about me, but look to yourself. Few women are so fortunately unfortunate as I was. Mine was an experience too wonderful to occur again, so beware of friendship. Mrs. Leighton : But Captain T!i Jr/iton Is such a sympathetic friend, and I look np to lilm nnd trust him so. Lady •Gh'lllworih : And beware or sympathy, too—It Is the overture to love. Mva Leighton: But I am a married •woman. We can't love—we musu't. CjLady Chlllworth : Mustn't! The word isn't in love's vocabulary. Oh. there is Captain Thornton. See, even his good manners are severely tried at seeing yon monopolised by any one else. T fancy I'saw the ghost of a frown on 1.1s face when lie saw me. Good mor:iing. Captain Thornton. And don't yui intend to do the Matterhom this time V Captain Thornlon : No, 1 think I Iiave done with the iMntterhorn now. Lady Cliilhvoi'tli, I have ascended it seven times. It has no more charms for n>e. < Lady Chlllworth : How man-like Nothing but the unattained Interests yon men. Well, we shall meet at table-d'- hote this evening, 1 dnre say. l am going down to Zermatt now, I hope to hear of the safe return of the mountain party when I come baick. Good-bye. (Lady Chlllworth nods to them, and leaves them alone together.) Captain Thornton : And so Mr. Leighton has gone to (he Matterhom after all? Mrs. Leighton : Yes, I tried hard to persuade him not In his present state of liealtn i am sure he was not tit to hear the-fatlguc. Captain Thornton: I saw nothing ot you all day yesterday. Mm. Leighton (timidly) s No, I—l stayed in my rron. I had rather a 4I*> turned nlglit T&u; sec, Mr. Leighton started early with his guide for the Matterhom, and a lot of other people went too, and the clatter and noisB made me wakeful. Captain Thornton (after gazing nt lier): How pale you look, nnd—what's that—a bruise on your temple ? That wasn't there last time I saw you. Mrs. 'Leighton : Oh, It's really nothing —nothing at all. I-I fell-Jt was my own fault I fell 11.2a.inst the chest of drawers. Captain Thornton (with great emotion) : Oh, my God—he struck you : Mm. Leighton (faintly) : No- no—Indeed—indeed not "Captain Thornton (turns away and. looks out across the valley to hide his emotion. After ,1 pause he returns to her, and, taking both bcr bauds in his, speaks witli an effort at self-reritraint) : I am so dreadfully sorry for you, I—I can (scarcely trust myself to speak to .you ; but if the knowledge that you have a devoted friend who would g!:nllv face death for you Is any help, hear It from my lips. Mrs. Leighton (looking up Into his face with tears In hor eyes) : Yes, Indeed it is a help, a great help. I cannot tell yuu how great. (She sinks down on to a scat) Captain Thornton (bending over ber) t You look so faint and 111: shall I send for your maid 1 'Mrs. Leighton : Would you mind ? I will go and lie down again, 1 tlilnk. I didn't sloop well last night (Captain Thornton retires. He returns with Mrs. Leighton's maid, and she goes away to her own rooai.i Six hours later. Bvonlns. (Captain Thornton is smoking on the covered terraee. Lady Chlllworth approaches him excitedly, and puts hor hand on his arm.)* Lady Chlllworth : Oh. Captain Thornton—your poor little friend. Such a shock. Her husband I Captain Thornton (starts) : "What ot him ? Lady Chillwortli: Dead, dead 1 The news has Just come—died on the Matterhorn from cxbausllon. He was a dreadful man, <but still, he was her husband, and .Hidden death Is always shocking. Captain Thornton (as If In a dream): Dead—dead ? Impossible I Where Is 6be ? Lady Chlllworth : In my sitting-room. I broke the news to her. (A pause.) Come to her—come (laying her hand upon ibis arm). I understand. Captain Thornton : Has sbc asked for me 7 Lady Chiilworth : Could she ask ? Come. fl'iicy enter Lady Chlllworth's sittingroom together. Mrs. Leighton is sitting on the sofa. Captain Thornton sits down by her. Taking her hands in his he draws her gently to liim, and she bursts into tears.)—S. T. S., in " Black and White." 