A Christmas Mask. [By U.X.L.] Author of 'Old Carl's Rug,' c The Cabbage Tree Man,' etc (All Rights Reserves.) Continued. * Miss Wisdom? laughed Helen, ' you doubt the stout heart of your Helen ; naugby Bertram knows the soft corner, so you think.' Helen was half-inclined to be anprv. * Don't be vexed, dear.1 ' No, no, I will not ; but one doesn't like to be considered unable to stand against the worn out gallantries of such a man ai Harry Ber tram.' ' You love your father too well to offend him and he adores you, Helen ; mother says it is wonderful how he loves you.' Would you believe, Minna, that I feel a change in him, I don't say see because I see nothing, yet I feel he has changed.' ' No, no,* said Minna, turning pale. ' So many ladies have courted his company, he might have seen one whom he would like to marry. ' I should not think that, Helen, said Minna, in a cold hard tone, no not that.1 Helen looked at her and could but see the white lips trembling. * Why, Minna ¥ she cried. Minna Western quickly recovered herself, turning to Helen with a laugh, she said, ' We are surely getting gloomy or sentimental, let us change the conversation.' ' Harry Bertram will at any rate be a change for us,1 said Helen, after a pause. * I began to wish we were not so quiet here, we get dull and nervous seeing so few people ; these country folks are very tiresome sometimes. Papa said he might take us to London to see tbe plays. I am sure it would be nice, indeed ; if Harry was with us it would be a gay time. Your cousin knows so many people, he could, no doubt, keep to entertain us. Minna was thinking as she said this that Helen certainly had a pleasant feeling towards ber wild, young cousin. Not far from them, watching their approach, was Harry Bertram, the son of Mr. Cleeve's only sister who had married a gentleman whose poverty was his only fault, she had only lived a few years in quiet happiness with him when he died. She unable to bear the loss soon followed, leaving Harry, her young son, penni less in tbe world. Robert Cleeve came forward ju once and took Harry into his house. He was sent to school and afterwards to college, his career there was one of continual debt and disgrace and many were bis sins, that his uncle sent him a small income and forbid him to visit Cleeve Hall again. Bat the memory of his sister softened his heart and once more Harry Bertram came to Cleeve HalL He was humble and repentant while there and quite understood that Helen, his young cousin, was forbidden to him, it with this under standing that be was there, for Mr. Cleeve knew Harry greatly admired her; but the father knew he could trust his child; she would not encourage Harry, indeed, his well known love of drink revolted ber for he bad forgotten himself more than once at Cleeve knowing that be uncle's soft heart would conquer his more prudent resolves and Harry would go away with a good cheque. Harry knew that Helen when she came of age inherited her mother's fortune which for these nineteen years was accumulating largely for her benefit. At tbe same time be knew that in spite of her smiles and amiability to him ; her disgust at bis dissipation was great. Robert Cleeve did not keep Harry's wickedness to himself but let Helen know ot his sins so that she might not be a prey to her fascinations, for he was winning in manner and was hand some in person. He was a finally built, handsome man of twenty- six yesxs, but his deeply-lined face made him look ten years older. His bair was black, so was his beard, which was long and silky, his eyes were dark and piercing, but round them were marks of his dissipation. Tbe rims were swollen and red, bis nose, too, had a red tinge, his mouth hidden by a heavy moustache bore evidence of the life be bad led turning night into day, and living for weeks on spirits. Now he was on good behaviour, this being the third time his ancle had paid bis debts, replenished bis wardrobe, and received him with kindness into his house. Mr. Harry Bertram watched tbe two girls ; a smile lit up bis face. Helen is indeed a beauty? ber figure is grand, so stately for a young girl. She looks lovely, brown seal suits a blonde beauty, anil that little hat with a bronze wing on one side sits well on ber little head. Miss Western is nice-looking, but too sedate for me, and so is Helen. I like a girl with dash in her, I almost like to hear a little oath ; a cigarette to my mind makes a woman charming. I suppose there would be : joly row if I were to ask Helen to be my wife. I don1! believe my uncle would be very angry although be told me never to think of such a thing, a rery foolish proceed ing, if he means it. Well I suppose I must present myself, I shall be glad when it is all over, and if he gives me a good cinque I will try to endure the Christmas dinner, the mum mers, and all the usual routine even to evening prayers. Ugh 1 what a life for a fellow that likes ' go.' Harry Bertram threw away the remains of his cigar and went to meet the two ladies. His cousin, Helen Cleeve, with a blush and a smile held out her hand to him. ' Welcome, Harry, to Cleeve Hall/ she said; * Minnie West, acd I expect you to entertain us with heaps of stories, ghosts, of course, because at Christmas a good blood- freezing tale is more suited to our pleasures than any other time, be sides it is one of our usual amusements round the fire at night.' 'How do you do, Miss Western?' asked Harry with tbe winning grace that was his great charm, and to Helen he said ' I shall not forget the stories and I see you have not forgotten tbe birds as usual. ' ' I know it is foolish but I cannot bear to think that at this or any time even a little bird should wont while we have so much,1 said Helen shyly. * If you could feed every one who is in want you would be as great as Heaven itself. Some in this ereat world must want,' said he.4 ' Do not tell me, it will spoil everything,1 said Helen, * I am so pleased to see you here and don't be angry if I say it Harry, to see you are steady, let us hope you will continue so ; I am sure my dear father will be so happy.* Helen looked into his face with her large blue eyes moist with tears, her red lips tremb ling. * I am sure you wish me, well dear cousin, I am here with the firm resolve that in future I shall be all you wish. Will you be my guide Helen, tell me when I do wrong, help me on the right way, check me if I seem to forget for one instant my new resolutions r* ' I will do what I can Harry,' said Helen. * it will be a pleasure to me ; sec there is papa looking through tbe library window, go to him we will follow you. Harry Bertram walked on quickly towards the bouse, leaving his cousin and her friend tn follow. Robert Cleeve watched from tbe window the hurrying figure of his reprobate nephew, a sigh of doubt stirred his heart. Now again came the son of bis dead sister with promises of amendment ; twice before he had failed to keep his word. This time he would be so tied that very small means would be left to him wherewith to continue his dissipations. The door opened and Harry Bertram stood before his uncle. There was a tinge of shame on his hardened face, but it quickly passed away and he went with extended hand towards his uncle. Robert Cleeve stood with his hands by his side, a tall noble-looking man, his face was stern and the blue eyes so remarkable in bis race were trying to read the soul of the young man before him. 'I cannot take your hand yet Harry,' he said, ' it is not the hand of a gentleman.' ' Sir, I am at least the son of one.' ' True, but you lack tbe true sense of honor that is attributed to a gentleman, you are false. I cannot recognise anything but all that is wrong and bad. You are here at this peaceful, holy season a third time, I hope your promises are true and that you mean to be steady.1 * I can only repeat what I have alieady told you, sir. * First of all have you quite separated yourself from that woman. * What woman ?' cried Harry, with a startled look at his uncle. ' Carina, the opera dancer,' said Robert Cleeve, * do not answer me yet, if you wish to reform your first step is to leave her. __ You wonder bow I know of her, that is my business. Answer me, nave you parted from her ?' Harry Bertram was white witb rage ac hi* thoughts flew back to this woman with whom he had quarrelled desperately ; now he could answer truthfully that be had done 10. ' I have,' he said in a low agitated voice ; ' we hate each other, she has been my ruin.' After a silence Mr. Cleeve said. 'Si' down, Harty, I can see you are shaken, I know what a great love is the centre of a man's soul, it lives in memory long, even if the object be unworthy. But scorn is the best cure lor pride, I do not wish to pry into your secret but will you not at some future time see her again, and perhaps ? ' She's gone away with a richer man,' said Harry, in a low voice.' ' That is well for you, you see ber worth ? we will speak of tbis no more.* * You are not going to shame me to my cousin, I hope uncle,' said he. * My daughter has been brought up in *n atmosphere ol purity. I have -guarded her well, she was left to my care by the r&ofber; who died and who is ever in icy thoughts. I have been both parents to my child. ,Go now Harry you will find everything as you like it in your rooms, we must remember this is Christmas time and forget all unpleasantness. Harry Bertram gladly escaped to bis room where he found everything just as if his years were a dream of dissipation, and he was again returned a happy youth from school. [To be continued, j 