LOVE'S MISTAKE; \- OK - Bonny Queen Kate. A Romance of never-Jailing interest calculated to thrill even the mutt prosuic. cnAlTWi VIII. Cui-ll frowned at tlie momlit lawn. Wlmt emili lie say or do? ' I don't care about playing, ' lie said reluctantly, ' Tlio fuct in, I'm not much of a fjatublei'. ' Sir Vincent looked horrified ; it is ii waj' gamblers have when anyone ven tures to mention their pet vice' ' A gambler ! No, no '.' he said ; ' nor I but-«el!, a bund at card* with ii friend-well, I enjoy it, J nmi-.t confess. Hut do as you like, my dear frllow. What luck you had last night ! I honed it would have changed to-night. ' ' All right I'said Curll. 'Comoon, then.' Sir Vincent led the way lo his study, lit the candles, and arranged the card-table. ' We will have nonie champagne,' he said. 'I fancy that there was too much salt in the fish sauce ; I am very thirsty.' The butler brought nome champagne, and the two men began to play. Curll felt desperate. He was doing the very thing that would increase Kate Am roondale'u hatred of him, he knew. And yet what could he do ? Well, he thought, he could do one thing. Ile could play badly, lose back the money he had won last night, and thon decline to play any longer. As before, the moment he had got the cards in his hands, Sir Vincent's manner changed, the glitter came into his eyes, his face grew waxen, his lips drawn and fixed. Curll looked round the room, feeling as if he would give half he possessed to be outside ; then with a sigh he let his eves rest on a portrait of Kate Am mondale which hung on the wall op posite him. It had been recently painted, and was a striking likeness ; and it seemed to him as if the lovely eyes were looking down at him reproachfully. The artist had tried to flatter her, and had failed, but he had managed somehow or other to catch a hint of ( lie nameless charm of the beautiful, girlish face with its suggestion of womanliness, and the pic ture fascinated Curll, and drew his eyes from the cards to it as if it were alive, and Kate Ammondale herself. ?That is a good portrait of MÍSR Am mondale, ' he said, almost unconsciously. Sir Vincent glanced nt it vacantly. ' Yep, yes ! Painted by Sir John Vii ray. It is your deal.1 Curll dealt and played, played badly and lost ; and kept the, game up until, to his relief, nearly the whole of the pile of money had shifted from his side to Sir Vincent's A faint flush had crept into Sir Vincent's face ; his lips were still drawn, but were tremulous, and a kind of mechanical smile creased his cheeks ; then suddenly, as Curll made a blunder that would have disgraced a schoolboy, Sir Vincent looked across t he table at him suspiciously, and the flush dissap peared, leaving his face yellowish ?white. ' You don't care for ecarte V he said. 'Or-or are you playing badly on pur pose? But that'-with a catch in his breath-'is impossible, of course. I beg your pardon for suggesting such a thing 1' 'Certainly ! No, no !' said Curll, colouring. Sir Vincent's finely pencilled brows came together. ' Let us try something else,' he said. ' No, no !' said Curll. ' We'll stick to this !' He didn't fancy the gambling of cutting for highest; it savoured of the racecourse or a common gambling den. They continued, and, though Curll did not dare play wrongly, the luck ran against him, and he lost. There re mained now only a small pile of notes and gold at his side-he fancied about two or three hundred pounds. Now he knew that if he lost this, as ho wanted to do, Sir Vincent would not be satisfied, but that he would insist upon giving Curll his revenge as Curll had given Sir Vincent his. He lit a hugo cigar, and drank a glass of champagne, and wondered what lie should do. He Looked at the pic ture. The oyes gazed down at him re proachfully, and yet tenderly, with the inscrutable expression which. Kate's eyes had worn wlien she had taken her hand from bim and murmured ' No, no I' He should probably never see her again. The thought was like the grip of a cold hand on his heart. What would he not give for that portrait .which Sir Vincent had spoken of so lightly and indifferently ! As the desire for it arose an idea struck him, an idea that sent the blood spinning through his veins and made thc room dance. He rose, drawing a long breath. ' Are you tired V said Sir Vincent with acute alarm and disappointment. ' It is not late ; we had better play on for a little while longer. ' 'No!' said Curll, and his voice sounded hoarse and strained Sir Vincent watched him with feverish eagerness. ' For another half-hour,' he said coaxingly. Curll leant his hands on the table. 'See here, Sir Vincent,' he said, grimly. ' I have a prejudice against Vinning my host's money.1 Six Vincent laughed nervously. 1 My dear Brendon, what »onsensi I should have no dislike to winnii yours '.' ' I know you wouldn't-I mean th that is a different thing. No ; I wot play, again unless-we play {or love 1' lTe scarcely knew what he w saying. Sir Vincent glanced uncu Nciouxly at the champagne bottle ; b he relleelcd thal Curll couhl not pc si lily he drunk, But, then, what cou he the matter with him 1 ' For love, my dear Blendon V 'Well, then,' M id Curll, 'for-f something that is not actually money His eves wandered round the rooi :in<l at last set tied on thc picture « I will stake this'-he laid his hai on the pile of notes and gold-'again that portrait.' Sir Vincent looked nt the portra und then at Curll, and Iiis face grt pale, it was lil-:" a mask, a waxi mask. 'That portrait'!' he asked. 'A you mad Î My dear fellow, 1 - 1 doi Understand ." Curl 1 reddened and passed his 1m across his brow, lie began to thii that he w as indeed mad. The eye» thc picture looked down at bim. ' L-I beg your pardon,' he said, have no right ; don't let us bay ai more;' And he began to sweep t pile together. Sir Vincent watched him wi knitted brows and compressed lip then suddenly he laughed. ' Why not! After all, why not?' 1 said, as if to himself. 'Vilray ci paint another ; and I may not lose.' Curll stood silent and motionless i if ho were just waiting on Fate. ' Yes, 1 may not lose ! Tt's-it's strange fancy, but-well, well!' H lips moved with aluicst incoherent words, but Curll caught them. ' Ka' need «ol know, ' be was saying to hil. self. ' No ! Miss Aminondale need n< know !' said Curll. 'If I win I wi lea-e the portrait until you get anotln painted, bul if I win this ono must I mine when the other is ready to tat its place ; this and no other.' His voice w as ;;rini ¡ind determina his eyes flashing. Once more heaske himself if he were mad. ' Very well,' said Sir Vincent, wit a nod. He looked up at the portrai and laughed, the laugh of the confirme gambler. ' Very well ! We are playin for Kate !' As he spoke the words Kate herse! reached the door. It was half oper but the opening was screened by velvet curtain. She could hear th voices, but could not see the speakeri Her hand was upon the curtain todra\ it back for her entrance when he father's words smote her. In ver truth it might be said that they smut her, for she shrank back as if from ¡ blow, and leant against the side of th door, clutching it as if for support. They were playing for her-for her Her brain reeled, lier sight failed her All a pure, proud girl's spirit rose ii indignation and protest. They were playing for her as if sb were a horse or dog. For her- Kati Ammondale ! And one of the game sters was her own father She (pant against the door, her boson heaving, her breath coming in shor gasps. She wanted to rush in am stop them, but she could not move the blow had been too sudden, tot heavy. She felt as if her blood wen flowing slowly, slowly, and her life ebbing away. And so she stood motionless as « slave waiting for the sentence of lift or death, or far worse-waiting t< see what man should be her master. She heard the soft fall of the cards the low voices of the men as they callee the game. She could not speak-hei tongue clove to the roof of her mouth -coutd not move. Then suddenly she heard her fathei exclaim in the low falsetto which his voice took wheli he was in thc gambling fever 'She is gone ! You have won her !' She heard Curll Brendon draw a long breath, and rising, push his chair back. 'No, no !'he said hoarsely. 'No, no ! I-I cannot. We ought not to have done it. We will say I have lost, and that you have won.' Then she heard her father -rise and push his chair back. ' Captain Brendon, have you any reason for supposing that I am not a man of honour! You have won; the stake is yours, let it be what it may. To suggest that I should be desirous of withholding it, or wishing to take it back, is to impute dishonour.' She heard Curll stride across tho room, and the sound of his footsteps awakened her from lier trance-like in capacity of movement. With her head bowed in her hands, she staggered upright and sped like a ghost from the spot. Kate was awake nearly all the night Sometimes, when the pillow seemed to burn, she rose and paced the room, her hair streaming over- her white robe, her wonderful eyes dark with the emotions that tortured her. Her father's words-'We are playing for Kate !'-rang in her ears, and made her tingle with shame and humiliation. That the stake was her portrait, and not herself, never occurred to her. She had only reached the curtain-screened door as Sir Vincent had spoken the fateful words. She had heard 'You have won!* and she had heard, also, Curll Brendon's cry of remorse, ' No, no ! I cannot !'and her father's haughty, indignant response. Yes ; she had benn played for ex actly as a slave might have been played for in the old time in America-just as if »he had been of no higher account than a horse or a jewel. And Curll Brendon had won her ! She belonged to him as absolutely as thc money in his pocket, the coat upon his back 1 She covered her face with her hand» as if she were standing, a «lave in the slave-market, gazed at by a curious mob, instead of being iu her own bed room, and alune. Another girl-a London girl-might have felt indignant and angry, but would have treated the matter as a joke, a something to be laughed at and ignoren'; but Kate was very different to the ordinary run of girls. She. was not only innocent of the world and its ways ; she was au Am moudale, and possessed quite as keen a sense of honour as her father. With her, us with him, her word was her bond. A promise was a sacied thing, honour the hilliest prin ciple, and it never occurred to her to repudiate the debt her father had in curred, although that debt were lier self. Herself .' She did not belong to her self any longer ! She, who liad been so proud, had held herself so high ; she, whom the men in the county called, amongst themselves, (Juten Kate' A pretty queen she was now ! She, who had been the stake at a band at cards, and won and lost like a common chattel. i_ Towards morning she threw herself on the bed and fell asleep from sheer exhaustion, a sleep haunted by dreams, in which she heard the words,, ' We are playing for Kate ! We some ghastly song. She slept past the breakfast hour, and awoke are playing for Kate !' like a weird refrain to with a dazed sen sensation, as one awakes after a bad hout of neuralgia or headache. Her maid came into the room with a cup of tea. ' Oh, I hope I didn't wake you, Miss Kate,' she said, with the affection tempered by respect with which all the servants addressed her ; for, with all her pride and hauteur, Queen Kate was as much beloved by her iuferiors as Curll was. "You were a.leep when the bell rang, and you looked so tired like that I didn't like to rouse you.' 'Thank you, Marie ' said Kate, tit ting np and sweeping the hair from her fttce. 1 Is it very late V (To be continued.) We wish to remind" our readers that Mr. H. T. Denmar, the well-known piano and organ tuuer, et«., is at pre sent in the district, and will remain for abouc ciie month. Anyone wishing to have their piano tuned by him may leave orders at this office, which will receive prompt attention.* 