Iack newlands' adventure W 1 I A CHRISTMAS STORY. I Br CH1LTERN BARE. I cOfYBIflHT. ALL EIGHTS RESSEVED. Let qb have the story by all means, Elands ; bnt draw it as mild as yon K old mam. When a fellow's blood is kg after the sort of day we have had, doesn't want a stimaiant of that kind Keep him awake all night.' Biting spoke Tom Hewitt- — one of email Ky of three -as we sat, about ten Book at night, under the shadow: of a B cliff overhanging a bend of the Deep Ek, within a few miles of Sanbory. put beneficent institution known as Kchmtmaa holidays gave as oarTiberty three or four days, and we made up minds to go in for a fishing excursion pug this blissful period of freedom. E trip was arranged at the last moment, U our preparations were accordingly pied. Bun ashamed to say that the comis- Bbt department was the only branch in Beh no hitch oeonrred, and that was Per the sole supervision of Newfamds. Blald In sufficient sapplies to victaal a pi garrison, especially of bottled beer whiskey, of which there was enough pake a dozen men forgetful of their P losses for an entire weekatieast; Hewitt was told off to lcok after the Bag tackle, and so excited was he with heavy responsibility that he entirely Eot the bait ! This was no trifling Kalon to men who set outwitha stern Blre to makeateoord. Pewitt's neglect knocked the bottom, B of our anticipated triumph Btraight By, for as hearas half his time hunting worms and kindred contributions from p sheep, we had a proportionate Bant of idle time, which we, generally Bad by drinking auccesa to the absent Borer. w contribution towards the general pratlons oonsisted of interviewing -a Smoker and making , the necessaty pgements for having a canvas canopy Bnp by train to Digger? Rest « dozen por so in advance of the army of Bpation. gave the order with the air of an old Ber who had slept half his' life under P»b. This off-hand familiarity so im ped the tentmaker that he shrank P offering any suggestion to an expert Bio how it was to be erected. It Beared to him like painting the lily . We gave a looal oarter five shillings to B it in position, after which we dls- pd him with the curt manner of men resented all unnecessary curiosity on pert of strangers. P was hardly gone when we threw off Pats. This meant f business, and to B we set at once to erect our teat, p man of ns knew a tarpaulin from a fry, but eaoh had unlimited falthin fltesouroesof the other— mi mnoh Boas p life WaS epent in pltchlngtents on pttlefields of Langwarrln. We out the- twine strands that bound the canvas, and opened the graceful folds, and spread it out on the grounchand looked at it— and then paused 1 It did ' not look bit like a tent i Tents were' usually oval, or oonloa or parabolic;, or some mathematical shape or other, but this appeared to be nothing hut a flat pieoe of white oanvas unable to tand of itself t " How the devil are! yon ' going to manage this thing,Barr 3" inquired New- lands, looking me hi the £foee .with a glance of admiration. It isn't every fellow that could rake up the ingenuity to erect such a thing as that into A summer residence." ' Nothing easier in the world," I re marked, with the breezy air of a man who oouid give points to a professional archi tect ; " nothing easier, old man. Hewitt will, have it up,yon'U see, In a jiffy," Hereupon I took up a tomahawk, with which we had supplied ourselves, and announced that I . wouldgather a few i sticks to boil the billy. " Hold on, old man," broke In New- lauds, " you'll want someone to help you to carry them," and heprooeededat once to aooompany me. "No, you don't 1" laughed Hewitt. " How do you expect me to do_ this job by myself ? It will take the whole three of us an hour at least to pump enough air into the sickly thing to make it stand." Hewitt wasn't serious, bnt it was a oandid admission that he, knew as much about erecting a tent as jthe man in the moon. We returned discomfited ; but when Newlanda saidfit would do to sleep (ftt Instead of under , we all agreed that nine-tenths of creation didn't know how to utilise tents to the best Advantage. The first day ont was exceptionally hot even for the close of December, so un bearably warm that the blaokflsh and trout must have gone to sleep, having given us, through the long oppressive day, only two bites and a nibble, and even these probably with the Intention of re- mlnrHng ob that the primary object of our trip was not the consumption of bottled bear and sandwiches. Oar present ex haustion, therefore, was not the oiitoome of exertion with the rod and line. A man dees not need to be a fisherman to draw this natural inference. The mosquitoes, which had been troublesome for hours, had gorged themselves to sleep, and as we were'in a somewhat similar condition of beatitude, we were preparing to follow in thelrwakewhen a remark from New- lands promptly chased -.away every incli- nationto embrace "the baUny." ! Newlands, wrho was fresh from doing "theround tour,?' and a Utile over «nd above, was full of all kinds of anecdotes - ploked up fin the smoke-rooms of the American and P, and 0. boats, as well as : \- ' 1 " ...? reminiscences of personal adventure that : tfover failed to proveinteresting, whenha waa in anything like goodformaa ho appeared to be to- night. Newlaudswaa born with a golden spoon in hit month, bnt -tide did not prevent him entering the U ni versity and grad dating in law, though1 he- never-made an effort-id follow his pro fession. Oandour forces me to confess that Newlands financed the present trip. Hewitt and I protested mildly ! first, but were ultimately obliged- toy leld. We did so, however, with a dash of ora- desoenslon which Newlands was forced to admire immensely. . Hewitt now began to talk ysguely pf the virtues of the dark pool, throwing out hints of its cooling propertier—" just minute's plunge before the last pipe 1" "Not for Joseph, my lad," spoke Newlands, with a short laugh. . "No night bath for me, unless it be within. i doors. Thelast 1 had is too fresh Inmy memory yet to aUow me to become a J willing victim to the voioe of the tempter. And what a cold bath it was 1 Do you know, lads, that to this day, summer and winter, the rheumatism in my joints beam - evidence to the intense coldness of that bath." As Newlands spoke we at once grew interested, in the full consciousness that something good was coming. It was then that Hewitt spoke the words with which my story opens. "Well, let ns have another 4 wet'," 1 remarked Newlands, dryly, " and Idon't mind if I teU yon the adventure, whioh was as near polishing off Jack Newlands, vagabond extraordinary, as any hair breadth esoape he ever mid in-hia life." After this, we charged oar pipes Afresh, and then, stretched at full length on the canvas, Hewitt and 1 settled ourselves down comfortably to listen to Newlands' story. "Something less than a dozen years ago," he began, " 1 foundmyself fixed up for a few days at Odde, a pretty and pic turesque town in the very heart of the Norwegian fiordB. A short trip from Norheimsund, and I was anchored in this qniet little haven, whioh I purposed to enjoy for a few days at least. Ihad been away from Australia for more thana year at the time, and I began ,to yearn again for home. This, however, was only on occasions, for, as I was alwayBon the wing, I had little time for longing' or looking baokwards. The present was too foU of incident and the fntnre of expecta tion to lend anything bnc a fugitive mo ment to the past. "Two days at Odde, with nogreater excitement than watohing my own sha dow in the fiord, as I lay Idly on the overhanging crags or strolled leisurely by the water's rage, produced a longing for home again, and the warm rammer of Victoria; with the glass at 112 in tbe shade, as ft must have beentotiay. 1 had rimost resolved to go baoknext day to England in -order to make pre- parationa for a speedy retarn, wben-a u small steamer from Bar wick earner Slowly steaming up the l fiord :and- dropped anchorafow. hundred yards iQ front of where I lay/ v " She was f allot English excursionists whe had come Sbrois tiiU (rmanSea to spend 6 feWweeka ambngthe i novelty of the Norwegiaa-fiordai'-< I heard nothing of her expected arrival, for I held eoarcely any , intercourse with the people of the hotel f or the foV days I had been there. I was alwFf out pf doom except t meal - tinps, : Always , hanging abont the waterht . side, -and always . trying tp make up my mind to retarn to Australia. Tt vu in the morning . when she arrifedj1. yet everythlhj about her wa ioS pUdmy ' visible si aV noonday for it wai m> the early part of July, tmd night thbre was none at thiB seaspn oi the ymu.' "Do yon mean to teltUa," asked He witt/ inbredtilbuSly, - u;that were walking ' abbnt at; three 5 Vdobk lii ttte morning enjoying natotS : And taking " yourwinatltUtiotikT1?1' "NightAhd dajf, mydear frilowy make' little' difieihbric!e "there :i in the smniSbei'.-' I have often elept from noOndajr 'till nine oir teh in the evenlngi :and -soUrt times begau my day at eHdUlglrf;'"- : "But how did yoU mattagAaboutyear meals and— and y tmr TefreshWa f'aSked tike astonished Hewitt, still fteeltiitihg to believe. "Always thinking of your -animal wants, Hewittj" spoke -Newlands wlth a smile, aa he passed the beetle stiUldiAgfby his side to Ahe unbelfovmv«whQ took ?tt mechanically. He was silenoed byi the awful rebuke, aooepted mere by Now- lands' aotion than fay his words. " Threehours laterOdde wasudlvastirv over a hundred stedk- jarjnsB .f rum . od knows where « uddenly, appearing . la the steep streets. :.. " VVhatareetolk-jarresi" l lnte|rra£fodi y with growing Interest Newumwh story., , "A sort of e»," he explalnh 'VJn which-- the driver sits behind.; but mibt elevated aajn haiuom. The roiuapiuu between those sitting, in front - fo tne hands of the driver, .thup weakepfog.Jils control oonaiderably IndifiBoult sftnatfonp. They are oombination of wonette nd hansomfbnthavesoeorer. " They mast have.eome . foom «. radins- of twenty mileB," he continned. V. for the country around is eparsejy populated, and the resources of doxanDiddes were not equal to the enpplyof- Juufr tM/ftsspo- now awaiting the boats approaohtog foom the steamer, " In a few mfoates thqy weco filled not that the procew .of pabkx, difficnlt one, seeing that each afok- jarre . oonld carry only two passenger besides the driver. It stiraibsfSfiliat some previous arrangements' been nude few. the accofottbtikfioti' of thine tonrftts, for not one -of fHwb hnndred arrivals had to for want of a vehicle. Everythi-mh rat oiat to a nicety— juSt ehoififi; ;aUt nothing more. " I made Inquiries and foand that thb excursion was to (he L&aetfoss;' and Espelandfoss. twenty -two miles frhm" Odde, and through a Oountry of excep- tlonal wildixeSs' and : bhautyS1 Long after the lastiTOp WUs-goii 1 was'tetniing slowly to thehoteS/- whetr3! notioed aOl tary driver rittii'rdiisiWtdlkr jkrre ->be- moanlng'the /adverra fatprfhat-Arit him the Onlyuttforinnate who udi'fotiad-to reoeiveaAare.-'' " Won't#ntkr TscathetgrpiKtlhdis," traT'-heiadred. inrVyntelUribierfBng- . "I staiteriondkeifilmeMh, I nevpritiipUght 4fT|d|iuring,.0 foy two days at Odde. :f%||rahrse heard something of their wild beauty, bat to a mtn who had seen Niagara nothing the world oonld produce In the way of falls find mnoh Indaoement to tarn him aaide. Bat I was mis taken In this belief. There are falls, as I afterwards discovered, far less advertised than the great American marvel, which are every bit as attractive, though less stupendous ; and those for whioh the ex- ourslonlsts had just departed belonged to this class. 11 My mind was made np in a moment ; I would give the poor devil a fare, and see the renowned Laaetfoss. I had a cup of coffee at the hotel, jumped Into the stolk- jarre, and rattled out of town with the delighted driver. " I noticed as we drove away from the door a peoullar smile on the waiter's face, after he had glanced at the trap and coachman. It left scarcely any impres sion bebind, however, though I had occasion to recall the simple incident before 1 returned again to Odde. " Talk of ponies after these Norwegian nuggets I" cried Newlands, with an unex pected outburst of approval, " you never saw the like of them in your lives —beau tiful, and. sleek, and sure-footed, and enduring. They could travel for a dozen hours at a stretch without halting to take breath, or turning a hair. Ours was a sturdy little oream-oolored, firm and well set, and as strong as a lion in the chest. The pony that could oover twenty-two English miles in an honrand fifty minutes deserves Borne praise— and this ours did without mnoh apparent effort. " It would be madness of me to attempt a description of the mountain-valley scenery of that morning's drive. It should be seen and revolted in to be folly understood. A. word-sketch would be only a burlesque on the reality. From the very ontset we were in the heart of it. "The roaring, turbulent, rook-rent torrent, ten times wilder and fiercer in its headlong fury than the rapids, above Nlagra, confronted us before Odde was f 00 yards behind. The air was thlok with spray, floating like a fleeoy cloud over the ragged bed of the mountain stream, as we toiled np the steep asoent of the -public highway whioh followed the ooorse of the maddenqd river. After this first peak was gained onr road descended into a nar row valley which wonnd its tortuous course through preoipitons and irregular mnnnfadna whose stupendous ravines were ehoked with hnge glaciers and the un- melted snows of centnriee. On every side (he foaming cataracts leaped down with deafening roar from crag to crag, with a sheer desoent occasionally of nearly a (hnnaand feet without an obstacle to in tercept their mad career. The rush of frantio waters sounded deafening in onr ears, and filled the deep gorges and shud dering valley with reverberating echoes. " Imagination is powerless to conceive anything more magnificent than the scene of that morning, always sublime in its ever-changing grandenr. Nature, in all her unbridled license, was giving us mad welcome 1 The ceaseless deafening up roar prevented all interchange of words with my driver, so that nothing remained for me bnt to gaze, and liaten, and won der fn'.a speoies of new and vague enchant ment. " There on the right lay the mighty glaoler of : Brnar-brau, whose gaping crevasses) hinted only of annihilation in their weird, and mystio silenoe." Here Newlands paused for a moment beforeeontlnnlng . So deeply interested, however, had Hewitt and I become that we waited In dumb expectation, fearfnl of interrupting his trainof thought. "What a wonderful exhibition of Nature's handiwork these glaoiers are," he resumed, after a few moments, " and beside them ho w jwdtry arejman's'migh- tlest efforts. These great rlvera of melted snoir, grown tired in their alow and toilsome march through the cleft and ragged mountains, lay down tOAlesp ten thonw4 years ago and never woke again. The coldness of everlasting death enoom- pasBes them on all sides, guarding their unapproachable repose from encroachment by even the most daring and hardy of adventurers. " About five miles out from Odde we struok the shoreB of a lake— and a lovely lake It was, four or five miles long, and filling the narrow valley from Bide to aide. Even the winding road we followed had to be hewn ont of the solid granite, and was scarcely a foot wider than the wheel- franlra. Nothing T ever saw in the shape of water could hold a oandle to that lake. There it slept, calm And smiling on the breast of that wild and windless valley, a picture of surpassing loveliness— slept on, unhanding the tnmnlt aronnd and the warring that might wake the dead. And what a solitude it chose for repose, where the eternal roar of cataracts shook the heavy mountains to their base ment! "Presently there was an abatement of the nproar, and a comparative lull for a or more. During this cessation of hostilities' I was able to exchange an oooaslonal word with my companion. He was stern of countenance, hard and rag ged as his pine-clad mountains, and yet, withal, there was something In his face that bespoke honesty and good-nature. His strong weakness, 1 soon discovered, consisted like yonra, Hewitt, in a lean ing towards the bottle." I laughed heartily, for at this moment Hewitt was atretohed full length, resting on his elbow and within eaBy reach of his 1 weakness.' Hewitt growled his dissent, protesting against the appositeness of the unexpected illustration. Newlands, after ereating this diversion, coolly proceeded : " In this respeot the man differed much from the general ran of his country men, who are essentially sober. Bnt this fellow, who had been a Bailor in his youth, like moBt Norwegians, spent more than a dozen years among people of a higher intellectual culture, and, having an aptltnde tor acquiring the accomplish ments of a higher civilization, Mb efforts were orowned with success. And so this primitive Norwegian Boon gradnated with honors in the new school of human pro gress, as might be expected from snch favoring oonditlons. He spoke English fairly well, having lived half the years of his absenoe from home in the oonntry whioh Ms forefathers visited with hostile intent tec eentnries before. Not only could he speak English, bnt he had a vivid memory of the weaknesses that char acterised the islanders The general deBire of all classea of Englishmen to 4 nationalize ' the nmbreila and remove it without the unpopular pale of individual ism was always an amusing memory with him. " A story was afterwards told me illus trative of this trait. Yon mnBt understand, in the first place, lads, that the Norwe gians are probably the most honeBt people on the face of the earth. It is no uncom mon thing to see their doors And win dows standing open-all night in summer. I have noticed it while passing through Bergen from the boat to the railway sta tion at 4 j'clook in the morning. . . Well, this fellow, whose name was Larsen, was driving an English tourist one day in the mountains, when the latter suddenly missed his nmbreila, which bad fallen ont of the stolk-jarre unnoticed. "Stop," he exclaimed. "I have dropped my umbrella.'1 "When did you notice it last?" en quired Larsen, pulling np short, " Cannot say. It most have been some time ago." Then suddenly, " Ha, there It is 1 I see it far back on the road." Larsen shook the reins and drove on coolly. " We'll be back In an hoar," he said, careless'y, 14 and can pick it np then, instead of wasting time to return for it now." " Bnt," remonstrated his fore, " some body may pass this way and walk off with it in the meantime." Larsen smiled. " Yon are in Norway I Master may make his mind easy ; nothing is ever stolen in Norway !" " Not without some misgiving did the gentleman allow himself to be persuaded. An hoar afterwards they returned ; bnt when they arrived at the place the um brella was gone. " Now, what have yon got to say for yourself f' he asked the driver Indig nantly. " Nothing," replied Larsen, " bnt that an Englishman must have passed by since we were here /" 44 During the lull in the loud warfare of natare I chatted familiarly with Lar sen, and soon discovered Mb weakness, as I told yon a few minutes ago. When sober, as he was now, he was a pleasant, agreeable companion, mnoh in advance of his countrymen, who are generally un social and entirely devoid of hnmor. "The narrow causeway on which we were now travelling demanded all his vigilance, and 1 accordingly dropped into silence. We swept round the end of the lake at last, after a somewat anxious drive on my part, and gained the open again, where a sugarloaf peak, heavily pine clad, rose precipitously from the water's edge, like a hnge sentinel guard ing the dangerouB pass. Soon afterwards we were approaching the foils, which gave notioe of their presence by the sheet of spray in which they were enveloped, and wMch conld be seen for a consider able distance off. "Laaetfoss, on onr left, at once dis- pelled ail doubt of its being overrated by fame. Nothing I had seen in Europe conld approach it in magnifioenoe. Llke Niagara it is. cleft In twain ; iat nature's unsparing sword did not rend its severed victim as completely here as in the case of the Canadian giant. " The more accessible of the two falls into whioh Laaetfoss is divided is by for the moBt stupendous and awe-inspiring. Here in qnick succession are three ter rible leaps of about 700 feet each, the two last taken before the mad waters have had time to recover themselves from the stunning fail of the previous deBoent, or to brace themselves anew for another appalling effort. 44 Few spots visited by man were wilder or more imposing than the ele vated crag I chose from which to behold the gorgeous spectacle. High up on the mountain peak I stood, to view this war ring world of waters. Away down below was the winding valley, the home of desolation and savage grandeur, for ever filled with a ceaseless roar, and closely pinioned with snow clad mountains as hoary as time itself. In front of me were the frantic waters rushing madly down ward to destrnotion, as if. pursued by some merciless demon of the hannted hills. An hour of thiB amply repays for all the discomforts entailed by a voyage round the globe. Snch was my impression then— such is my impression now. 41 This land of everlasting solitnde, I thought, ought sorely to be the home of romanoe, of legends and ghosts and gob lins ; the land of spectres and giants and demons ; the land , to breed poets' and men of great and surpassing imagination. " I returned to the hotel before crossing over to make the acquaintance of . Espe- landfoss, whioh subsequently proved, however, to be of comparatively small 1 interest. i 44 The tuis diningroom was - crovjH as 1 ehtered- Yonrtrne Enjgliahuufl even in his visionary moments, (S always appreciate the foaolnatlng vlata fl a well -filled dinner-table. ' As a |« comer, the possibility of having w/ Viifl supplied appeared to me remote, asiS accordingly purchased some sandwlobifl and a bottle of lager beer jAthe bountS which I secured after a violent and m longed straggle to approach the bar. fl then returned to the solitnde of nature ifl enjoy the spoils of victory. fl 44 Up to this I had never set eyes upfl the driver. J. gave Mm a couple of kro&fl; when he took the pony from the trap.ajfl was satisfied that he wouldn't neglefl himself with snch a reasonable provlalfl for killing time at his disposal. " After my impromptu luncheon I vaifl dered about for hoars, and, when we&riefl; ont at last I returned to the hotel, fl found that the English exonrsionlsta htfl long since set ont on their return (H Odde, not a solitary trap bnt mine ifl maining, with the sturdy little puifl patiently standing by the wheel to whtcfl ho had been hitohed. fl "The departure of the others gatfl me little concern, however, tufl did the lateness of the hoar dlfl concert me. As for as that was cotfl cerned, I conld travel just as easily ifl night as by day at this season of the ystfl Had 1 noticed the falling mist, howevefl wMoh had already begun to encircle tffl mountain tops, I would not have felt fl indifferent. I 44 1 hunted np Larsen, found hlfl somewhat jolly, bnt safe so for, stfl ordered dinner. It must have been fl o'clock when I had made np my mlrfl that 1 had seen enough of Laaetfoss, atfl that it was jnst about time to make prfl pa rations for a start. When I came fl this conclusion I discovered for the fitfl time that the mist whioh had envelopfl the hill tops a few hoars before was oofl descending like a heavy pali upon fl valley, and was fast assnming the propofl tlona of a dense fog. fl " I hastened to warn Larsen to malfl ready, bnt to my annoyance he wfl nowhere to be seen. After hall an hoofl search he was fonnd sleeping soandfl nnder a huge bonlder more than fl yardB away from .the house. He fl quickly aroused, bnt, to my deep mortifl cation, I found the fellow unsteady gait and thick of utterance. As thefl appeared to be no. help for it now, I hofl ried him along and assisted him to hifl ness np, an operation we qmnpleted aftfl considerable delay aud mush bungling, fl " Before starting he insisted upfl having another drink, and as he vfl showing a disposition to become troubfl some I yielded a very unwilling assecfl It was jnst 11 o'olook when we set outfl onr journey of twenty-two miles to Oddfl 44 Keep a sharp lookout for the Oamfl way," shouted the hostler as we drove ofl " It isn't the safest place in the world fl the best of times." fl " This parting salnte did not help fl allay my anxiety, I can toll yon, lads, fl tried, however, to make the host of a bfl bargain, adopting a confident manner J was for from feeling, and endeavourlfl to make myself as conciliatory as poBsilfl to my quarrelsome companion. fl 44 As we trotted along at a good pscfl fonnd a disposition on the part of Lsrafl to resame the nap I had disturbed an hofl ago. He was sitting in the nsnal phfl behind, and occasionally bnmped forwfl with a larch that hinted of easy dialofl ment. The reins, which passed on ifl right side, were so relaxed at times tfl they were praotloally useless inkls hanfl < This, however, did not give me m«B j concern, for the pony was Barefooted ifl 1 i safe. Presently, however, the fog begfl 1 to thicken, and now, foe the first time, I began to grow seriously alarmed. " if it oontinaed like this It would be wiser to return, X thought, than to brave the dangers of the narrow Causeway. It did continue, and, more annoying still, grew so dark and heavy that the pony : was now only to be seen in dim outline. u When I fully reoognlred the growing danger of our position we had gone more than two miles along the narrow roadway overhanging the lake. I knew there wasn't a margin of more than twelve inohes to spare in some parts. To return now was impossible, for a handcart : couldn't be reversed in Borne parts of the ; road on whteh we were now travelling. I By degrees the outlines of the pony en tirely vanished, and all was soon as dark as a vault trom whioh evexyray of light is I excluded. " What was I to do ? We could not stand Still, for the cold mist would freeze as to death in an hour. My only hope lay In the unerring Instincts of the pony, whioh might probably poll Us through if left to himself. But, unfortunately, he was not left to himself. I had scarcely' linked my hopes to this frail anohor when I Larson, urged by drunken impulse, struck the doolie animal . with bis long whip across the back. " The pony hounded forward with a saddenuess that imperilled the safety of the- harness. I now grasped the reins with the Instinct of self-preservation, but 1 the drunken fellow who held them was not disposed to yield possession undis puted. We struggled for a brief moment, when Larson, who endeavoured to stand upright, overbalanced himself and _ fell heavily over the back of the stolk- jarre on the hard road. "I thought he must have been instantly killed by the fall, though a special provi dence Is credited with looking after men in Ms condition. " I had no time for sympathy, how- ever. The reins, wMoh dropped in the I struggle,- now hung loosely ana I hastened to grasp them, thankful to heaven that I they had not fallen beyond my reaoh. In I my endeavour to plok them up they got I crossed somehow, and as I tightened the I one on the right, as I thought, the pony I responded all too promptly, to the call, I bat in a way T never expeotod. I " Before I had time to realize the posi- I tlon, we were over the embankment and I battling for life in the lake below amidst I pitohy darkness. I was so stupefied with I the sadden shook that I was unable for I some time to realize what had just hap- I pened. I " My first sensation was intense cold, I my next that I was moving through the I water at no snail's pace, and without any I apparent effort of mine. ' What oould it I mean 1 Here was I flying over the lake I by no volition of my own, and wholly I unable to aooonnt fur the motive power I by which I was influenced. The horrible I dread that seized me grew intense when I I beheld, a few feet in front, some dark I ebjeot looming indistinctly one moment I and disappearing entirely the next I "A strange snorting, not unlike the I panting of a steam engine, did not tend I to allay my superstitions fears. I was at I last in the clutches of the devil t Was It I ior this I left home and friends — to be I sacrificed in the Norwegian wilds, without I friend or human being to know my fate ? I " In the midst of snob horrible reflee- I tlons I discovered that I held in my I bauds, with a grip as tenacious as death I itself, something whioh frayed my fingers I; even through the thiok gloves I was wear- I log. Instead of being some species of I fetter that bound me to my merciless exe- I outloner in front, I discovered, to my I relief, that I still held the reins in my I hands which I had grasped at the last I moment. Then I knew that I was being towed along by the pony to the opposite shore. " The knowledge was not an unmixed S leas ore, for I dreaded that I would never e able to hold oat until he reached It. The cold was intense, and penetrated to the very marrow of my bones. My legs and body were already numbed, and it was only the pressure on my fingenT and the aotion of the upper part of my body, as I rose and fell in obedience to (he pony's struggles, that saved me from utter oollapse. " We were not a quarter of an hour in the water, though it seemed to me an eternity, and I still straggled desperately to retain my grip on the reins. Twenty times did I feel they were slipping througa my frozen fingers, and each time I made a fresh and despairing effort to retalh them. I knew that if I dropped them all was over. " Oh, the awful agony I was now suf fering ! Would we ever reach the shore ? For a few minutes longer I straggled bravsly on, but at last I felt that the end ooald no longer be postponed. The last thing 1 remembered was a sadden jerk, then a quiok wrenching of the reins from my deBd fingers, a load snort of relief from the pony, and the happy conscious ness that death had at last happily ended aU my sufferings." " Bat yoa weren't drowned, Newlands, were yon ?" asked Hewitt, who had sat upright, listening excitedly, daring the last few momenta. > "Not drowned, old fellow," laughed Newlands, heartily ; " but frozen stone dead !" Hewitt himself oouldn't help joining in the langh that followed at his expense. " When I awoke to the sunsMne of life again," oontinaed Newlands, "I found myself in a little hut, scarcely big enough In which to swing the proverbial cat frith oomfort. It appeared to be hol lowed oat of the rooks, and was oovered with a roofing of reeds and dry grass. I was wrapped in bear-skins, and lying on a rude stretcher of saplings put roughly to gether. Pine logs were burning in the fireplace and filling the hut with their glowing warmth. In front of the fire hung my smoking garments on a clothes- horse roughly improvised for the occa sion. " The solitary room whioh constituted this mountain retreat had no occupant hut myself. The stillness of death was un broken except by the oraokling of the pine logs. After taking in the novelty of my strange surroundings in a hurried glance, I lay still a moment and began to oolleot my scattered senses. " I hadn't an idea, of coarse, of where I was, or how I c&me; there. At first I had to rake np all my reasoning faculties to settle the question of my own identity. The effort was not a prolonged one, for tunately. By degrees, then, the inoidents of the last night broke in npon me, and I shuddered to remember the terrible fate I had narrowly esoaped. But how was I saved at the last moment ; and who brought me here P " My perplexity was at once allayed by the sudden appearanoe in the doorway at this moment of a stranger. He was a man of rough exterior, tall, and strongly built. TMb, at least, I thought was my host, If not my saviour He w&a; rudely olad in undressed skins, surmounted by a faded cap of well-worn sealskin. His face was gaunt and forbidding, and pale to ghastli- ness, while a pair of brown eyes that burned like live ooals shone oat from under his overhanging eyebrows. " The hurried, inquisitive glanoe . he threw round the hut before looking at the stretcher where I lay betokened suspicion of his fellow-men and apprehension of the approach of strangers, for wMofc there was strong justification. Here is hie his tory briefly, m I afterwards heard it : g| I "He was born at Christiana, entered the house of a Hamburg merchant while a mere boy, soon gained the confidence of his employers, and rose to the position of confidential clerk before he was twenty- five. The stability of his position hi the firm being now assured, he grew less at tentive to business, imbibed a taste for fast life, and began to ape the follies and frivolities of men of fashion. He went the pace with nndne speed. " The result may be easily guessed — he was missing one fine morning, and an extensive forgery was discovered on the- next, the like of which hadn't been heard of in Hamburg for many years. A war rant was issued for his arrest, but he succeeded in reaching England. "Two English detectives were now employed to hunt him down, but he made his escape to Copenhagen and thence to Christiana. Hidden away by his friends here for some time, the detectives lost the scent. He was next heard of at Stavanger, to whioh his pursuers traced him, hut only to find, however, that he had disappeared the morning before their arrival. "After a farther search of many months in every vUlage along the shores of the Hardanger fiord, they were abont giving np the fruitless search in despair when they accidentally heard of a man answering to the fugitive's description who frequented the neighborhood of Odde, and was supposed to have settled in the mountains, somewhere In the vicinity of Laaetfoss. " A week before my arrival at Odde they had gone ont In pursait of thu poor hanted wretch who was now approaching me after that hasty and suspioious glance around the hut." " Come back to life, eh T' he inquired, not unkindly, and in very passable Eng lish, wfcioh he acquired in the great Euro pean mart of Hamburg. " I had a pretty tough job of it with you, and didn't ex pect to see muoh warmth ever again in those frozen limbs of yours." " I looked my gratitude, and inquired how I had come there. A few words sufficed to explain. The pony struck the shore within a few yards of the hnt, when the inmate was alarmed by the load snort of joy with which he weloomed the solid ground under his feet again. He rushed out, only to see the pony scampering away again, and my apparently dead body floating in the water within three feet of the shore. Without pausing to think of the possible danger of Ms aotion, the poor fellow carried me into the hut, stripped off my olotheB, put me into his bed, and lighted a great fire. After an hour's hard rubbing, I fell into the prolonged sleep from which I had now awoke. " To my surprise, he made no inquiries as to how I got into the serious dilemma from wMoh he had just rescued me. This reserve foroed upon me the. conviction that he was anxious to get rid of me. " And I was not mistaken, for he im mediately asked if I felt equal to the exertion of dressing. I was too grateful for the life I owed him to feel resentment at this churlish hospitality, for I knew that the operation of dressing was in tended by him as the preliminary to my departure. He handed me my olothes while he was yet speaking, and I rose at once from my comfortable position in obedience to what I knew was a com mand. I was still weak, and had to lean against the wall in my struggle to poll on my trousers. However, my pride was up in arms, and 1 determined to make the effort while he looked on curiously and in silence. " Let me digress here for a moment," oontinaed Newlands, after having helped himself to. a refresher from toe bottle which Hewitt, who was temporary guar dian, considerately handed Mm, "Let me make a short digression here by re turning for a few moments to toe opposite side of the lake, where I left Larson without the ceremony of leave- taking. " After the lapse of a few hours he ro- oovered and shook himself together, suf fering more evidently from toe effects of the beer than from the nasty fail he had received. The morning was well advanced and the fog had lifted by tills time. He looked about stupidly and at a loss to understand the situation at first. Pre sently he noticed the overturned stolk- jarre, hinting vaguely of a general smash. He rose to his feet, still half dazed, and looked at the wreck, for whioh he was un able to account. " For fully five minutes he stood there, when memory gradually awoke 1n the dull oerridora of hu brain, and he began to realise what had happened. He remem bered our straggle for tile reins, after which he looked wildly round in eearoh of my dead body, and probably that of the pony. Nothing was to be seen, how ever, and then, abandoning himself to despair, he sat down stunned, and fixed his dnll gaze on the opposite ahore. " In a moment he jamped to his feet with a sudden cry The pony, with some remnants of the harness still clinging to him, was browsing quietly among the rocks and boulders on the opposite side of the lake. The lake, whioh seemed to me broader than Bass's Straits while I was plongtng through Its icy waters, was scarcely 400 yards across at this point — wide enough, however, to freeze most men to death under the circumstances in which I made the voyage. With a fresh ery he started forth to make his way ronnd to the opposite shore — a distance of fully four, miles —over rocks and boul ders, and a heavy growth of underwood at times "'The sharp .ery of recognition he uttered on noticing the pony was heard by two men approaching along the high road. They stood still a moment and listened intehtiy Until it was repeated ; then pushed forward, hnt with extreme Caution, in the direction from whenoe the cry proceeded. "Laraen had not disappeared more than five minutes when the men arrived at the scene of the recent disaster. The disabled stolk-jarre and the pool of blood 1 on the roadside were to their practised eyes and keen Instincts snffioient evidence ; that something more than an ordinary acoident had ooourred. "They paused for a moment, each apparently in deep thought, when one of them at length observed, I think I tee toe end of toe trail in view. If our man hadn't a hand in this, oall me a Dutch man.' " " Think so f asked the other shortly. "Sure of it, old man. He has prob ably come to toe end of his money, and has taken this way of replenishing," and he pointed to the pool of dry Mood with horrible significance. "Without another , word, both men daBhed forward with one impulse in pur- suit Laraen in the meantime pursued Ms way unconscious, his only concern be ing to get round the lake as soon as pos sible and recapture his pony, with toe additional desire, no doubt, of foaming if I, too, had escaped unharmed. " To return to toe hnt. I was'pulllng on my trousers, as 2 said, but, while do ing so, my watch and ohaln, which I had placed in one of the pockets toe evening before toaave its being polled out of my vest while climbing the crags, dropped out on the floor of the .hut. In plaMng them up again . I chanced to look at my ungraoious host, who was watching my every movement in alienee, when I . dis covered a sudden and awful change eome over his face. " His eyes, which glowed with the heat of a furaaee, were fixed upon toe saeda suspended from the chain, which be evi- dently miatook for some sort of detective's badge. " Before I had time to recover the Budden alarm that seized me he was upon me like a wild beast, dashing me across the stretcher and crashing my head against ijie hard rook that formed the back wall of the hut. Though I did not lose consciousness, X felt, however, that his terrible grip on my throat would soon strangle me, for everything was already swimming in a thick mist before my eyes. " At this moment, and when I thought all was over with me, his grasp relaxed a little and he pansed to listen Intently. " Flinging me from him, he wheeled round suddenly and confronted Larsen, who had just entered and sprang , to my assistance. They both grappled on the instant, grappled like wild beasts im pelled by the ferocloas instinotB of savage nature, and struggled desperately in silence. Not a word was uttered as they Bwayedl and reeled, and staggered, and fell— fell, with Larsen uppermost, by some providential interposition not always exercised on behalf of the inno cent. "Larsen, whose fory had now grown terrible, being still somewhat nnder the Influence of his late debauoh, tried hard to dash the life out of his fallen toe' by beating his bead upon the hard ground, while the other continued to Btrnggle des perately. I looked on faint and Weak, and nnable to move a hand, if the safety of the world depended on my slightest exertion. " At this moment a load ory of exulta tion was heard, as two men rnshed into the hut and hurled themselves upon Lar sen, whom they bore to the ground." " Ha, my fine fellow, yon have eome to the end of your tether at last. The chase Is finished and now It is our turn 1" " A tough straggle ensued, lasting several minutes,-- while the detectives made desperate efforts to handcuff Lar sen, which they eventually succeeded in doing. In the meantime the other arose exhausted, bat in fall possession of his senses, and pasaedquietly oat of the hat unnoticed, while the straggle forsapremacy was going on. " It was awful to witness the passion of Larsen when he found himself man acled, demanding to know, whilefoaming with passion, ' what the hell this outrage meant ?' " I was folly recovered by this time, and was anxionB for Larson's sake to have the mystery cleared up at once, knowing ihat a grave mistake had been made some how. I dashed into explanations accord ingly, when they immediately discovered their fatal blander. " Before I bad time to conclude my statement, they rushed off in pursuit, but It 1b needlesB to say that a few minutes' start in toe heart uf - the Dovrafeld moun tains is a handicapthe panned is capable" of taming to good advantage, if he is at all familiar with his surroundings; He escuped : as effectually: a if the earth opened:-. and -swallowed him, and was never captured afterwards, aa far- as I could learn. " I made my way back to Odde," added Newlands in conclusion, " where Lhad a bad ataok of rheumatic' fever that kept me anchored there till the middle: of winter X then returned to England, and booked by the first mall-boat fojr Australia, where I landed alive, as even you, Hewitt, must be ready to admit, or J wouldn't be here jto- night to tell you the story; .of my terrible adventure in the Dovrefeld mountains." Anxious Mistress: ."Why,- Hannah, rmefutohelrgrou: say you've stopped saying your prayers. Aren't you afraid you'll gp.to toediplaoe Hannahj " Indeed; ma'am, I 'pi not worrying,' for I've friends "in both" "places." 