SCOUNDRELS AND CO. : i. By COULSON KERNAHAN, author of " Captain Shannon," " A Book of Strange Sins," " A Dead Man's Diary," &c.; CHAPTER XXII. Need I say that it was I who was answer- able for the failure of Mr. Hubbock's little scheme I have been a member of the Ishmael Club for ten years, and have twice served upon the committee. When Number Two informed us that he was Mr. Roland son Hill, I knew at once that I had heard the name before, and had on one occasion confounded it with Roland Hill. What that occasion was, however, I could not recall until Number Two's sneer- ing allusion to the Ishmaelites gave me the cue. Then I recollected that when I was on the committee of the club 1 Mr. Roland son Hall had twice contrived to get himself proposed as a member. The first time he was summarily rejected on the *' qualification rule," and so did not even face the preliminary stage of being " up" for election. Twelve months after he became a candidate for the second time, and on this occasion he was apparently determined to succeed, for he made the support of every member with whom he was on speaking terms a personal favour, and indeed left no stone unturned to attain his end, and so managed to squeeze through the preliminary qualification scrutiny. When, however, the committee met for the final consideration of candidates, Mr. Roland son Hall was, for some no doubt good reason, promptly blackballed. This fact, while it accounted for the sneers with which Hall had alluded to the club, made me all the more resolved to checkmate Mr. Hubbock's little demonstra- tion. Rather than that the guest of the club of which I am a member should come to harm under its roof, I decided-should every other means fail to make known to the police the whole story of my connection with the syndicate. Ruc I was reluctant to resort to so extreme a measure unless compelled, and as I thought I saw my way to a simple solution of the difficulty, I went to work accordingly. To find the instru- tent-maker at Geneva to whom the ten minute gong had been interested, in order that a musical-box might be placed inside, was easy enough. It was easy enough, too, thanks to the thousand pounds which I had recently pocketed-to persuade the man to supply me with a duplicate son?. The duplicate was to resemble the original in every way, and, like the engine!, it was to contain a musical-box that, when wound up, would at the expiration of ten minutes play " God Bless the Prince of Wales !" What was not so easy was the substitution of my musical-box for the infernal machine with which Hubbock had promised to replace the original gong. That he would not effect the change until immediately before the dinner I knew, so that I had practically only a few minutes in which to accomplish my task. While the rest of the members were in the reception chamber waiting the arrival of the Prince, I made my way to the dining-room, with the gong which I had procured in Geneva under my cloak, and under pretence of looking where my seat was placed, began to examine the tables. But as the waiters were coming and going the whole time, no oportunity offered for making the exchange, finding which, I determined to take the bull by the horns ; so boldly walking to the head of the table, I lifted the gong, and begin turning it round and round, as if curious to learn the mechanism. No one but waters being in the room, and they, I suppose, hesitating to be rebuked for insolence by interfering with a member, I strolled-the gong still in my hand towards the window, as if to avail myself of the light. Then turning my back for a moment, I contrived to effect the exchange and placing ie musical-box on the table, I left the room, with Lubbock's infernal machine under my cloak, and having taken it to a place of safety, returned in time to be present at the dinner. . I was present also next morning at the meeting, when Hubbock used hoped to re calves the congratulations of his fellow-men- spirators. Why the deceased explosion had not taken place is no mystery to the reader ; but Hubbock's mystification and modified tion were equally great. as To have to report after, if unaccountable, failure was humiliating enough ; but the smiling incredulity with which Number Two refused to accept any other explanation than that Hubbock had become flurried, and in his haste had placed the wrong machine on the table, added immeasurably to that worthy's wrath. Grinning with impotent rage and irritation, he again and again declared that the failure was due to no mistake of his. He might as well have talked to a brick wall. "My good Hubbock, my excellent Hubbock, It is quite unnecessary for you to excite yourself about the matter," said Number Two. smiling imperturbably "Any of us might have done as you did. Outwardly the two machines-the musical-box and the bomb -were exactly alike, and as the waiters were no doubt inconveniently near at the time, it was quite easy to make the mistake. The muddle is unfortunate, very unfortunate, but very natural, and we all admit you did your best." " I tell you I didn't muddle the thing," roared the unhappy Hubbock, with tears of vexation in his eyes. " I had marked the two groups, so that I should know which was which, and I tell you I put the infernal machine upon the table." " Stop a moment," interposed the man with the ingrowing nail. "It is easy enough for Mr. Hubbock to prove himself right if he is right. When he changed the gongs, he kept one of them. "Where is it. There were only two gongs, and if the one our friend here put on the table was an infernal machine, the other one plays ' God bless the Prince of Wales. Let's have a look at the thing, and Mr. Hubbock can prove that he's right straight off." " Yes," said Hubbock, almost crying now; " but that's just what I can't prove. After I had made the exchange, and as soon as the dinner was far enough advanced for me to slip away unnoticed, I left the club-I needn't say that I didn't want to wait for the explosion. I cleared out,' and took the other gong the musical-box with me. I meant to have kept it as a memento ; but When I bought worst a hullabaloo there'd be after the explosion, and the death of the "Prince, and that everyone who was known to have been in the place would come under suspicion, I thought I'd better not run the risk of having the thing found on me, so I went along the Thames Embankment, and dropped It gently over into the water. So I can't prove that I'm right. All the same, I'll swear that the gong I set upon the table was an infernal machine, though I can't got Mr. Hall to believe me." " My good and estimable Hubbuck," smiled Number Two, " I've never known you to make a mistake before. But you have made one now, and you'd better recognise the fact, and not distress yourself unnecessarily. The gong you put upon the table not only didn't go off, but it actually played ' God bless the Prince of Wales. The papers are full of it this morning, though the whole business of a twopenny halfpenny musical-box seems a tinpot thing to me for the club and the papers to gush about. But your gong didn't have a mus<ical- box inside it as well as a bomb, so, as I say, you must have put the wrong one on the table." " No, I'll be damned if I didn't vociferated the angry Hubbock. positively dancing round the room in his exasperation. " In that case you did do it, for you'll certainly be damned," laughed Number Two. " You make yourself easy on that score, my friend. And I don't think it will be altogether on account of a musical-box." CHAPTER XXIII. It was a windy day and as Number Two spoke we distinctly heard the gate at the end of the garden blow to with a bang. " Who's that, I wonder ?" said the chief. " I watched the gate myself just now very carefully. Some one must have opened it." He rose as he spoke, and crossing to the side that faced the garden, put his eye to one of the many spy-holes that he and Hub frock had made. Then he turned to us In alarm. I don't like the look of this, boys," he said. "There's a man coming up the path who looks and walks uncommonly like a pioia-clotV** policeman. And . what makes the things gal are more fish is that there's another -hiding behind the hedge outside as it on guard. Ah ! there's the knock." .. Sud enough an authoritative " rat-tail tat-tat-ïat-tat" - told us that some one was making free with the knocker on the door I below. ii j " What had we better do, Hubbock ?" , asked the chief, looking anxiously at his factotum. . . - j " Let them knock, I think," was the answer. "They'll think there's no one at (home. And even if they effect an entry and search the house, they'll never find us j here." a " Perhaps you're right," replied Number Two more nervously than was his wont, as the visitor below began to ring the changes with a series of sounding single blows that reminded one of a blacksmith plying his hammer upon an anvil. "He's play lag 'Rule Britannia' on it now," said he of the ingrowing nail with an uneasy laugh. "I suppose you don't know anything about this carter, Mr. Hall ? You were mightily sure about our being safe here, and about the police thinking you to be a respectable resident, and nothing's happened since to change their opinion. I can't think it of you that you'd play us false." Hall's reply was to take a revolver from his pocket and to offer It, (but forward, to the speaker. "It is loaded in the six chambers, he said. "Keep it, and if I give you cause by as much as a finger stir to suspect that I'm in league with the police, blow my brains out where I stand." " I ask your pardon for fearing for the moment that you'd rounded on your pals." said the fellow, not without dignity, "and I'm quite satisfied. Keep your shooting irons, Mr. Hall. You may have need of them, and I've got a brace of my own in my pocket If they're wanted." The knocking ceased, and was replaced by a low whistle. At a signal from Number Two, Hubbock crossed to the key-hole and looked out. I thought so," he said. " The man outside the gate is coming up the path. That's what the whistle meant. I fancy they're going to break in." He was right, for before long we heard each of the windows and doors on the ground floor being tried in turns. " They're all- fastened," said Hubbock. " and they won't get in that way. Listen ! they're breaking a window. Ah, now they're in. I hear their footsteps and voices in the hall. They're searching the ground floor rooms, I expect." " Keep still, every man of you," whispered Number Two sternly. " Tou three and Hubbock and are the only living souls who knew about this room. What cause the police have for suspecting me, and what they've come after I can't think. But, whatever- they have got to know, they don't know about the room, and if we keep perfectly still the chances are after they've satisfied themselves that no one is in the house, that they'll go away again. And if they do find us out, and it comes to fighting, so much the worse for them. We're five to two, and after all the risks we've run we're not going to be taken by a couple of Yarborough bobbies." " They're coming upstairs now, sir," interpolated Hubbuck warningly. " We must be very quiet when they're in your room below, for I believe I left your cupboard door open, and when that's so the sound of what is being said or done in that room comes up surprisingly clear. Number Seven, you're nearest to the trapdoor that opens into the cupboard. Would you mind standing on it in case they should happen to try if it pushed up." I tip-toed to the spot indicated, and took up my position as desired. The next moment we heard the two searchers enter the room below. " This is the last room, Stocker," said a voice, " and now I think we've pretty well satisfied ourselves that no one is in the house. All the same, we're sure of our man, I think. Mr. Hall is a gentleman everyone knows that- and directly he heard who the villain is that he's been employ- ing as a servant, and what he's wanted for, he'll be only too glad to assist us to make the arrest." "There can't be any doubt about that, sergeant," was the reply, " and lucky for him, too, that he hasn't been murdered in his bed before this with that fellow about the place. How so pleasant spoken a gentleman as Mr. Hall could a-got imposed upon to take such a devil into his service I can't think. A forged character done it, I expect. That Hubbuck 'd stick at nothing. Facey him being the man as is wanted for those murders. and all the country a-won- during who it was as done it, and crying out against the police for not finding out. This ought to mean promotion for you, sergeant, when you've made the arrest, and I shouldn't be surprised if Mr. Hall came down with something handsome as well." An exclamation from the sergeant checked the voluble Stocker. " Some one's been writing in this case, and not very long ago," explained the officer excitedly. " The blot on this sheet of paper ain't dry. See. I can swear it easy with my. finger. I don't like the look of this. Stocker,'' I " No more don't. I, sergeant," was the answer. " It's very suspicious about those two doors being fastened on the inside. The windows was all bolted, too, as we know, because we tried 'em. And if the doors was fastened on the inside and the windows so, it looks as if them as fastened 'em must be in the house, too. Eh, Stocker ?'' ?" It does that, sir," acquiesced the admiring Stocker. " By Jiggins, what a head- piece you've got !" " Stocker, - I'm going to see this thing through that's what I'm going to do. Hush what's that ?" .. " cistern in the roof a gurgling, I think, sir. That's what it sounded like." " Perhaps so. Why, there it is again. It 16 Q most extraordinary noise !" It certainly was. Even to us overhead who saw it coming if one may be permitted to speak of " seeing" a noise come-and knew to what it was attributable, the sound seemed weird and unearthly ; but to those who heard the noise without knowing its origin, the effect must have been jays serious in the extreme. The day was, as I have already said, windy, and when Hub- book's eye was applied to the open spy hole in the roof, It was apparently " struck by a squall." So at least we assumed from the red and watery aspect which the organ in question presented when he returned to his seat. That, however, was an infliction which the rest of us could have borne with becoming resignation ; but when certain hideous distortions the patient's face apprised us of the approach of a seizure which we hoped at first might mean only sudden death or a fit. but which we are alarmed to see developing into a sneeze, we felt that the situation was becoming a diplomatic sense, strained. With admirable presence of mind the nearest man to Hubbock handed him a handkerchief to put to his nostrils In place of that which the sufferer had already stuffed into his mouth. Then like brave "men who, having done their best and failed, sit down and wait death calmly we sat and waited for that sneeze. It was a long time coming. At first it seemed so long that Hope told a flattering tale, and we began-all except Hubbuck, who still had the handkerchief stuffed in his mouth to breathe again. That he should breathe ¡ again was only a matter of secondary im- I portance, and had he had the decency and consideration then and there silently to give, up the ghost, he would assuredly have carried our good wishes with him wheresoever he may have gone. But Hubbock's breath, | so far from passing away in a last low a sigh, seemed, as we watched, to swell up I suddenly within him. His cheeks became hideously distended, the spaces about his new protuding eyes puffed up like blown ! bladders. With a great score he launched j his straining shoulders, too wise, to his years, and then-no, I * cannot describe it even if the remnant of conscience which still remains to me would allow me to do i so. I got so far as to try to spell it phonetically, but when I saw the unholy thing which I had thoughtlessly called into existence, I tore the paper into fragments, and then chewed them into a pulp that no other eye but mine might look upon it again. As the sound died away, we sat, as if frozen into dreadful silence, staring at Hub- back with eyes of horror and reproach ; but when we saw, by his fixed, upward turned, and prayerful eyes, dropped jaw-, and outstretched, imploring hand that a second j seizure was impending, we quailed as the soldier in the trenches quails before the coming shell. When it was all over there was a deadly silence for half-a-minute, and then we knew that the game was up. (To be continued.) 