fcA-DIKtS' OOJLsUMN ENGLISH LETTER. Soon we shall hare to begin to talk abont those half-yearly blessings so dear to a feminine heart— the sales; theugh we seam only just to have finished disposing of the purohaies made by us at the winter salsa. I know for a foot that the means of having dftliffhtfnll* Tm.+/ha(l«ii.A Tnatariala will Ka ready to hand tor us, beoause I have inter viewed certain authorities on the subjtot, and, therefore, this week I have been Betting down various models, whloh will be oonven ient for using the materials which we shall inevitably acquire during these exciting times, and also tor fitting ns ont well for the holidays, when it is a duty, as well as a pleasure, to attire ourselves in the freshest and daintiest stylo possible. And knowing that muslins will be among the ertioles whioh we shall seoure, I want to tell yon of eome of the most stylish modes whioh I saw lot the Goodwood raoes. ? * ? One of the most attrsotive of these was a Urge -patterned oerise and white muslin, made up over a foundation of the same brilliant shade. Bather startling, yon will say; bat though, perhaps, it may sound absurd, I mnst tell yoa that the impreaeion it made on me was that there was too maoh of it to be startling. The whole effect waa good. The skirt boosted two dsep flounces, one above the other, and the upper one was headed by to nr rows of oerise and white ribbon, very narrow, and gathered into the nsual little ruohe. The under, or lower, flouuoe was only allowed two rows of the trimming, and each was bordered with laoe. * * * The bodioe had its little peculiarity, as every eelf-respeoting bodice mnst have newadsys. Instead of everyone being alike to garments of one prevailing cat and shade, it is considered good form to have your own distinctiveness, and a woman who wonld have the courage and also the position to set the fashion of oarrying her hat by its strings instead of wearing it on hor head, would be hailed by an admiring o*owd, delighted at finding something original. ? a * Well, yon have not forgotten the gathered ribbon of oerise and white with whioh the skirt was trimmed. This figured very largely indeed on the bodioe to question ; in fact, a deep yoke was formed of many rows of it, and a very pretty effect it had, quite novel and ont of the ordinary. ' And so easy,' I murmured to myself when I looked at it, thinking of the friends of Oon Hons who liked to employ their oleverness in making things with their own hands. Bat if you wonld use the idea, mind and get the stripped ribbon, aa it was this that gave it snon a good effect. ? a ? There was a beautifully arranged shoulder drapery of very soft oerise silk monsseltoe, arranged fichu-wise, and drawn down to the left side of the bodioe. It fastened with a great bow of broBd ribbon in the two oolonre, whioh also oomposed a twisted belt round the waist ; and this brings me to a little fact which yon ought to know. Almost every dress boasts some sort of shoulder drapery now, generally of ohiffon, and this style of trimm'ng is not intended only for maslin or silk gowns, but appears also on oloth and (oasbmlre to the most reckless fashion. * * * This idea of mixing up materials in rather a strange way grows in public favour. There was one skirt whioh I particularly admired, and, by the way, the rumonr is oorreot that the very, very tight skirts are on the wane, or, rather, tho love of them, I should say ; the skirts are beginning to show a faint suggestion of a told, or a ghost of a gathering, at the baok, and the foundation of the skirt I am going to describe now, being only made this week, had this hopefal little suggestion. ? ? * The foundation was of white silk, Ivory white, and the maslto (for, of ooarse, it was muslin) was of a delioate faint heliotrope, with violet oornflowers all over it. It had a pointed front and two very full soalloped Uonuoes, whioh were boaud with rioh violet velvet. This gave them a solidity whioh is not expected of a muslin. This was net all, howevet ; each flonnoe was edged above the velvet with a narrow, bntter-oolonred Valenciennes laoe, put on the wrong way sp. I hope yon understand this. Instead of the lower edge of the laoe going to the I lower edge ef the flounoe, it was reserved. * « * The bodioe had a very fall draping of violet-edged ohiffon to many frills, and a vest ot violet velvet, with the high French eared collar. Each ear wss edged with bntter-oolonred tooe. It hod elbow sleeves of muslin, with the frills of ohiffon. These latter are troublesome, but tbe beauty of the elbow sleeve is a very powerful compensation for it, and I am sore we shall not complain. 