LOCAL AND GENERAL ITEMS. One of the prettiest weddings .that has taken place in Miltoun for some time was that in ahioh the contracting parties were ?Mss Ada I'rapp, seound daughter of Mlr. Aldurman I'rapp, o Croobyar, to Mr. Alex., Livingstone, manager of the KIiura oheese faotory, near Moruya. The Poultry Olub of Now South WVales has utnder consideration a pro posal tohold a dead poultry show in oecember, whioh has been promised Covornment sympathy, The Poultry Club has invited tio New 0 outh Wales Poultry, P.O. and , Sooioety to join hands with them in the undertaking. Old superstitions die hard, not withatanding the spread of education and the highler intolligunoo that follows enlightonment on general topics, At the meeting at Wandandian to establish a Progress Oommittooee, even alarm was felt in one quarter at a proposaul to have la members on that body. Audible relief was expressed when ' tohe ghost was laid low "by changing the nuubot? to 14. On Thursday night last, at the Gerringong School of Arts a farewell public tea and presentation of a silver tea and coffee service was given to Mr. Bartholomew Fields and his wife, on the eve of their departure for Keerong, Richmond River. Mr. Fields has re- sided at Gerringong for the past 42 years. Mr. Alex. Campboll, M.P., made the presentation. The Rev. Father Barlow, on behalf of the com- mittee of the R.C. Church, of which Mr. Fields has been a consistent mnember, presented him. with a silver mounted pipe. The amount of butter taken away on Saturday by the RlMS,, Himalaya for tho English mnrkot was 6100 boxes, tllhe shilppors being --Frosh Food and Ioe Company, 16809 boxes ; Foley Brus, 1000 boxes; Now South Wilohes Oreameory Company, 041 boxes; Farlnors1 Co-operative Compnny, 860 boxes; R?, Little and Co, 280 boxesl Ilorrnima Distriot Company, 880 boxes i \V andl A. M'Arthur, 180. boxos; J, 11. Jiolirhstone and Co., 180 boxes; It. PreIcott and Co,, 80 boxcel Doflenhc Bsrocthors, 60 hloxs I and A, Kerr,' 20 boxes, Th'hoWhit Star steamer Miedio , which sailed rn Saturday, toolr 800 boxes of hbutter, habilppd by Mr. I. Mludowns, and 80 hoxosalsippod by Mr, B, Lanmnn, forLivorpool, iand 181 boxes for Ciipc It is rumoured in financial circles that thle Government is abmut to float a new loan. The deaths are ainninced of Mrs. Paillard, of Nowra, and Mrs. Baker, of the Bridge Hotel, Nowra. Both deaths occurred on Wednesday last. Particulars willbe found in our ad vertising columns of the issue of cheap tickets ill connection with the Prince of Wales Birthday, On Saturday last Mr. Cornoy Ryan despatched a black snake, measuring over five feet in length, on the Illawarra Company's wharf. His snakeship was sliced into small atoms with an axe, S rs., Lonehan's dairy farm at Pyroe wise on Thursday last sold by Messrs. Stewart and Morton for £28 per acre. There is a strong demand for properties of this description,. For 80 miles the Shoalhaven River has been taken up for dredging pur poses. Braidwoodites have great hopes of the results, confidently expecting a yield of 8 dwta, per cubic yard, For the quarter ending 30th Soptem. ber, 1899, the births in the Altion Park district were 0 malei and 11 females; mirriages, 8; deaths I male and 8,females, Members of the Kiama Infantry Oumt puny are requested to bring in their "hold- alls'" to the Company's office as quickly as possible, Members are also requested to see that they are thoroughly cleaned before bringing them into store, as they aoe to be sent to the Transvaal, Mr. Ohamberlain, in view of the Bbor threats to murder Euglisli subjects, has warned President Kruger that he will be hold responsible for the acts which the subjects of the Republio commit contrary to the laws of civilisation. The contraotors, Mosars, Gummow and Co., hav'e started operations in connsec' tion with the construction of te storage reservoir for the Kiada water supply. Looal laborers, porticularly ratopayars, only will be employed, to the number of about 16 bands. At the annual Inose Show and SBale of Work in connection with the Nowra Presbyterian Church, on Friday last, Mr. Thomas Brown, of Kiama, tied for first honors with Miss R. Grifiths in the class six speooinmen roses, and won first price for best specimen rose. A debate took place on Tuesday night last, at Berry, between representatives of thle Berry School of Arts and the Nowra Mutual Improvement Socioty. 'lThe subject wast "Is Socialism in Ikeeoping with the Spirit of the Age." Berry took the affirmative side and NIowra the negative, The result of the debate was a draw. The annual meeting of the Berry Poultry Society has been adjourned till WVednesday next, at 7,80 p.m, when it is hoped there will be a good attendance of members, The result of thq ballot for the election of committeemenou will be made known, and other important busi. uess will be dealt with. I' a certain road in 3anlishire, whore the roads are very precipitous, a little girl Was one day employed in her usual task of l?ording the cows, A minister, newly settled in the p rish,. com:llmg suddenly upon her, remarked: "Those are awful hills you have hereo," Qyr. come, doubtless, with the feeling bfhwe for the cloth so common in ru'dial Scot land, the frightened muasie answered in an apologetic tone, "Deed, sir, they were here afore we cam' I A painful accident happened to Mr. M?, Ureoen, of Far Meandow, on Saturday week. In company with Mr. M. Keuny, he was splitting timber for the buildings of the stud farm, The axe he was utiugn glanced off a piece of timber and struck him on the right leg, iufliting a nasty wound-cutting deeply into the bone, Dr. Lowers attended to the sufferer, atnd put three stitches in the wound, 