A WEAVER LASS. CHAPTER XIX. SUFFER LITTLE CHILDREN. By J. W. KNEESHAW. A week later, just as the lamp-lighters were going their rounds, each bearing a little flickering point of light, Dick Warner came hurrying along the street, stopped at Tlr Croinliie s door, rang the bell, and ere Uncling had ceased, pushed open the ! innr and entered the waiting room. At moment Percy, in response to the th ~monV nut his head out of a little den ornaineuYed by rows of phials and jars. Wellhe asked, “what is the mat- want you to come to my house,” said Dick. " t he little lad's poorly.” “ What is the matter?” “ I ilou’t know rightly, but he’s hot and owerish an’ he seems right bad. I wish ou’d conie and see him.” \- erv we ll. If you’ll wait a few minutes i’ll ”o with you. Just sit down. I think 1 remember your face.' •‘Very likely, returned Dick. "My name’s 'Warner.” .‘Ok, l remember. lou are the man who once called me into Seaton’s mill to B eo Lizzie Caddick, wnen she had been hit with a Hying shuttle.” “\ud—let me see—does not Lizzie live with your” “luut’s so. "Ah, I remember. How is she getting on?’’ „ "Oh, first rate. “ 1 am very glad. It was a wise thing of l, er to take'lodgings. It is not good for man, or woman either, to live alone. Does sho ever complain of headache?” “ A bit now and then,” replied Dick, who was thinking much more of Wflly than of Lizzio Caddick. ... . , ■‘ It was a good thing for her when she was taken into the country,” Percy added, all the time measuring drugs arid filling bottles. “It set her up. Miss Alleyn did a very wise thing in thus getting her away.” “AVhor asked Dick, m some surprise. “ Aliss Alleyn.” “ What had she to do with Lizzie’s goin’ a '- I 'iVliv, she took her off into the country for a rest. I uoubt if she would have got better ii it had not been for that.” I "There's evidently some mistake some wlieer.” said Dick" Lizzie went off into th’ country hard enough; but Miss Alleyn had, nowt to do wi it. It was now Percy’s turn to stare. "Not she,” continued Dick. “It were j Mrs” Sheldon o’ Didcroft Hall as fotched j Lizzie, and kept her six weeks.” \- Vou must be mistaken,” said Percy, washing his hands preparatory to going out. •‘ Xay, not I,” said Dick positively " I know I'm right.” By this time Percy was ready, and they went out together. Por some minutes the doctor- did not speak. His faith had receiv ed a shock, and liis theories had all fallen | in ruins. After all, he remembered that | Lucy had never said that she was respon- i sible for Lizzie’s removal. In fact, she had denied all knowledge of it. j •' Are you quite sure that Miss 'Aiddick was at Didcroft?” he asked presently. " Quite sure,” said Dick. " but how did the Sheldons know any- j thing about her, and why should they take anv interest in her.' " Weil, you see it was this way. Lizzie ; doesn’t care to talk much about the old times, hut it appears that Mr Sheldon knew the Caddicks in Wigan. After that old Caildick lost his life in trying to burn dowu .Sheldon’s dye works at Higligate three vears sin’. There was something else about that affair I don’t quite understand, hut anyway the Sheldons consider they owe Lizzie somc’at, and when they heard as she was lying poor and ill, Airs Sheldon came an’ fetched her away and kept her till she was better. They wanted her to stay with ’em for good, but she wouldn’t. She’s mighty independent, an’ said she’d not de pend on charity, but work her own way.” Bv this time they were at the house, and Dick led the way'in. Airs Warner, with red eyes and pale face, was sitting in front of the flic- holding the child on her lap, I while Lizzie was kneeling oil the hearth rug endeavoring to ease the little fellow’s sufferings. She looked up for an instant as Perc.-. came in, and again turned her attention to the child. Willy was lying with Ins eyes closed, breathing sharply and rapidly, his cheeks Hushed with fever. Percy rapidly made a diagnosis. As he beat over, the child opened his eyes and looked up into the face above him. "Nice man'” he murmured' hoarsely, lifting his hand to touch the doctor’s face caressingly, and as the fingers rested gently on the cheeks his eyes again closed wearily. “ Get him to bed at once,” Percy said. ' “ Is there any hope, doctor?” asked the mother, anxiously. “ Yes,” he replied briskly. " Please God, wo will pull him through. If not, Airs Warner, you must he resigned. He will be in better keeping.” -ae words and the solemn tone struck a chill to the hearts of the parents. Dick said notning. but his hand lying on his wife’s shoulder trembled, and his face was white and set. Airs Warner bent over her treasure a moment, and a couple of tears fell on his baud. But there was no noisy demonstration of grief. Airs Warner in a moment raised her head, gave one glance of anguish at the stricken face of her hus band, and then turned alert and resource ful to fight the grim King of Terrors. Percy stayed with them an hour, and be fore he left had the pleasure of seeing the dawn of hope. But he knew that the battle was far from being won. Early next morning he returned. Airs Warner, red-eyed anil weary, was keeping vigilant watch beside her darling. The child was no worse. He again greeted the doctor with a caressing hand, and a smile of trusting confidence. He was a beautiful child, and Percy could not help thinking how angelic he looked, with the short, clustering yellow curls about his head, the round face flushed with fever. He was evidently in great pain, hut he contrived to gasp— “ Nice man; love 00. Kiss!” And Percy bent over and touched the hot, flushed face with his lips. Then he sat for a long time holding the little hot hand, while the child slept restlessly, now and then starting up, hut always, failing asleep again with a rest ful smile when his eyes fell on the doctor’s thin, pale face. ; “ It's fair wonderful heaw he teks to yo , doctor.” said Dick, when he came in on tip-too at breakfast time, and bent over the little one. " He’s sleeping better than ho uiu all th’ neet.” _ Lizzie Caddick stole in quietly. She did not speak, but bent tenderly and lovingiv cver the little one. A good part of the day Percy spent in the house. He was strangely drawn to the little fellow; and his heart, full of its own sadness, felt for the parents. All that his skill could do was done, but as tlie day passed his heart grew heavier. The child was but too evidently passing away. “Is there any chance?” the mother ask ed, as Percy went out in the evening, her eyes full of the heart-hunger. Ho shook his head. “ I am afraid not, Airs Warner, he re plied. “ God will, I think, take your angel to His own place. Would that we were all ready. I will come again about 9, am! stay an hour or two.” The mother turned away, and went into another room to fight out ber battle alone for a few minutes, leaving Dick with the child. Poor fellow! be looked wretched enough. He had been so proud of the lad, his heart had been so entirely wrapt up in his bov, and now his treasure was to be taken. When Airs Warner again joined her hus band his head was bowed over the bed, liis face hidden in the coverlet. He looked up quickly, hut the battle in her heart was nearly won, and the calm of patient resig nation was smoothing her pale features. True to his word Percy came at 9. He came intending to relieve the others for a few hours, but one glance at the baby face changed his mind. He took his place among tho three watchers. In a few minutes his eyes turned to Lizzie Caddick. She was bending over the sufferer with a look of intense yearning, and he was struck with the earnest refined face- This surely was not the woman he had attended only a few months before. There was a change, indefinable and subtle. She was filling out atu! growing beautiful, but that was not tho change. Por the first time he was led to notice her more particularly. She had been merely an interesting patient before. But as ho saw her in the silence of that sick room, his mind was busy; and curiously enough, and somewhat to his annoyance, he found himself comparing her to Lucy A'.ievn; and he was bound reluctantly to admit, that in the sterling qualities of pure womanhood the mill girl could well hold her own. He began to speculate upon tho past relationship and connection of the two girls. Why had Lucy deceived him? Had she really deceived him? His faith in her hau certainly received a rude shock, hut he was very loyal in heart, and he put the .suggestion away, resolving to find ex cuses and explanations. But why had Lizzie Caddick-been at the trial and appar ently so full of interest? Surely it ’must have been a deeper personal interest than he had suspected. A warmer glow went to his heart at the thought. He had not met with, so many, who , seemed to care for , his fate at that crisis. • The child moved uneasily, and Percy.put aside all- these- thoughts, -and bent his anind to the little one. His breath ..was coming short and feeble; for the sands of his life was running low. Poor Dick 'War ner was entirely overcome. He sat with a stony look of grief on his face, a stifled sob rising at intervals in his throat. " What—to—come —to nice —man,” gasped the little one looking at Percy with his dim eyes. The doctor wrapped him in a blanket and lifted him on his knees, and there he lay quite still for some time, his' soul slowly ebbing away. Presently he moved, and half-sat up with unusual energy. “Haven't said my prayers,” he ex claimed. Mrs Warner bent forward to soothe him. With all the awful anguish of her mother’s heart, she was the calmest of the four. “Never mind 'em now, my lamb,” 6he began, but Percy stopped her. “ Go on then,” lie said. The little one gave one upward glance with his glazing eyes, and began to mur mur feebly the usual nightly little prayer, the doctor assisting his fleeting memory: “Gentle—'Esus—meet—an' mil’, Ooot—upon—a—'ittle—chil’, Pity—my— impicitee, Suffer—me—to—come to Thee.” As the last words came forth in a little rush, the curly head fell back, the rounded arms dropped, there was a brief struggle for breath, the jaw dropped, and the innocent soul of Willie Warner had gone out to join the great white- robed throng around the jasper Throne. . CHAPTER XX.—FALSE LOVE-FALSE FRIEND. Behind Woodnook lay a number of fields, stretching down to the river. A footpath ran through them at some distance to the left of the house, and not approaching very near to the garden. Immediately in the rear of the house stretched a shallow valley, down which ran a tiny brook, that, after crossing the road, skirted one side of the garden and was ultimately lost in the larger stream half a mile lower down. Along the side of the meadow behind the house, and fringing this brook, were a number of large ash trees, not close enough together to form a wood, but making a pleasant shade which many looked at longingly from the footpath above. There was no path down the valley, but Percy was drawn thither by the sylvan beauty o f the place, and he occasionally wandered there in the gloaming. Besides’its quiet beauty it had for him the additional ad vantage of being near to, and in sight of, Woodnook. One evening a week after the death of little Willy Warner, he sauntered down to this place. It was a dull, autumn even ing, and the wind moaned and soughed dis mally through the trees, and dead leaves came fluttering down on his shoulders. It ! was one of his restless nights, when ghosts of past thoughts and scenes haunted him. The old trouble was more prominent this evening than usual. He had had a long interview with Fred. Rysdale, and it had lelt him irritated and weary. The dark ness and silence soothed him a little. On the footpath he was constantly meeting happy people—happy lovers whispering their hopes and joys, well-known citizens taking their evening stroll —and he felt in the way. So he left the beaten path and struck off across the fields, where his feet made no sound in the soft grass, and in a few minutes was standing under the trees, not fifty yards from the house. Ho sat down on the fence close to.the trunk of one of the trees, and took out a cigar. He bit off the end and was. just about to strike a light when the sound of footsteps stirring the falling leaves arrested his hand. His heart began to beat a little faster. Surely fate had been kind to him and sent his love to meet him. Presently the sound of voices reached his ear. His heart stood still. It was Lucy’s voice speaking to a man, and they were close at hand. Ho got off the fence intending to meet them, when the man’s voice froze his very soul and rivetted his feet to the spot. Her companion was Rysdale, and they were ; so close that he could hear every word. His heart stood still with horror so that he could not but stay and listen, drinking in every word, every nerve tingling with agony. “ I have seen him to- night, and he has agreed,” Fred was saying. " I was sure he would,” Lucy replied. " I could see he was coming to it.” • " Yes, he will give you a cheque for twenty thousand pounds to-morrow,” Rys dale went on. “ I will see that it is paid without delay. No one used be any the. wiser, and once paid you may be free as soon as you wish. It has been managed splendidly. He was bad to persuade, but he has at last fallen into the trap com pletely." ” In the meantime I suppose you know the date of the wedding is fixed?” “ i'es. You have been wise to put it far enough away. What course will you take now?” " Don’t you think the best course will be to marry him?” she asked, mockingly. “ He has really been very kind, and I don’t think I can do better.” Rysdale winced and caught his breath. “ You will surely not do that,” he said. " You cannot be so false to all your pro mises.” “ Shall I not be false to my promises if I do not marry him?” “ That is different. He is mad. You know he is mad. And he is a murderer. In your heart you believe him. guilty. Everyone does. Your promise was given to him before the tragedy. That set you free. You shall not marry him. You do not love him, and you shall not wreck your life for his wealth.” * “Who will prevent me?” “ I will," he returned, fiercely. " Do you think that I will stand calmly by and allow you to do it? No; I love you, and I will win you now, even if I have to drag I you from his side at the very altar. I have done your bidding. I have persuaded him to make you rich, so that you may be mine. Now I claim the reward that you promised me—that you should be mine.” “ You shall have it, love,” she replied, proudly. "Hush, dear; I only said it to try you—to rouse you to passion. It is thus' a woman loves to be wooed and won. Kiss me, dearest. You know where my heart has been all the time.” The wretched figure, standing inert and motionless against the tree, saw them in a | close embrace. He saw their lips .meet, and his brain seemed on fire. But he could not move. It seemed as if every part of him was dead, except his eyes to see, his ears to hear, and his heart. to suffer. There was a long, passionate embrace, and the exchange of loving words, and then the conversation again went on, and he heard the full story of how his false friend and his false love had conspired to rob him and fool him, how he was but the carrion on which these vultures intended to feed. He heard much more. He heard them jeer and laugh at his scruples; mock at his assumption of innocence; scoff at his love; cast slurs on his honor; laugh at his present life; till his heart grew sick and faint. He heard the whole vile plot; saw into the very heart of their scheme; learn ed how they were to take his money, and cast him off, to be happy on the wealth his iwn generosity was to provide. And at last, chatting and kissing, with many words of whispered love, they went back towards the house, and he was left to his misery—a misery too deep for tears or words. A year ago, under similar circumstances, he would have rushed out in mad frenzy and taken bitter revenge. But the last few months had changed his nature. He had gone through a hell of torment, and the very magnitude of his tortures had burnt out the haughty fury of honest in dignation. He had grown use to suffering, to contempt, to doubt. This was the worst of all. The friend of his youth, in whom he had trusted, had done him this evil’ had leagued with Delilah to rob him. It was not the mere loss of the money. He cared nothing for that. It was the das tardly knavery. More than all this was the shipwreck'of his hopes. Lucy Alleyn had been his angel. In all his troubles he had looked to her as his star; her caresses and tender words had cheered him on; and they wero false. Her caresses had been but honeyed treason, her protestations or love mere empty words, and all part of a scheme of fraud and robbery. What had he done to deserve all this? Was it not but the result of the shedding of blood? Was there no truth in the soul of man? Was there not in the whole wide world one human heart, who would be lieve he was innocent of the black crime? Was he to live his life—he with the loving heart and tender soul—without one touch oi‘ a lovng hand, one pressure of a true . kiss? He could not think coherently—lie could only suffer and long for death. His heart felt broken; his brain was on fire; the very winds sighing in the trees seemed to mock his misery and laugh at his torment. For fully an hour he stood thus without moving. His life was broken as if it had suddenly come to an end. The spring had been taken out of it. He had' no, future to look forward to. A second time all his am bitions and dreams were lying in ruins around him. As yet no thought of anger or revenge was in his soul —nothing but appalling despair, and the blackness of the blackest night. At last he moved. He turned away from the house. He did not know whither he was going. He did not care. He had no where to go. No one cared whither he went. It was no use going back to Lea bum—bis life there wasended. . He went slowly down the. valley beside the tiny streamlet. Presently he reached a road. He was going straight forward reeling like a drunken man. A voice call ed to him out'of the darkness, but he took no notice. It sounded to him. from'an im mense distance—he had nothing to' do with it. He stumbled forward, and the next moment fell over the edge of the sunken wall that bounded the river, splash into the shallow stream. For a moment the rushing water roared in his ears, then a sense of delicious rest and peace stole over him, and he knew no more. (To be continued.) 