Country Correspondence.' GAWLER 'BiVER7'3fnneW Early fallow Is gaining more and more in favor, and the farmers are now busy lifting their fallow land. -? It is found Jthat jiote Ynoisture is conserved by early* plougned laud, and that one-eeasoa'a rain is utilised in the next year'e;«rpp,jaa well aB areatingt the land and destrbyfe^weBOSf ThtrBeasotf has been one of light, steady, 'soaking rain', all that could be desired for the wheat, all the land getting an ^qual sharp. ,&, heavy rain causes the ground, espeoially heavy olay, to tun together;and bake, and a lot of .wheat perishes with excess of water. The wheat In the district reminds one of the -old-time erops oa virgin soil, especialljr. those ,jj?here fertilisers were used. ? . . ,: .'? f.,.-,;;2 Feed is plentiful and etook look welL It has been a good lambing season, and the district shows feigns of work fox the export depot. ... i .,?;?'? ? ;: j There have been a few deaths ' ia dairy oows. The thought of the records fa -butter of laat year was too muoh for them; and Mo they gave up the ghost in despair. ...-.i ? -m The distriot has all it requires in the shape of mice, in faot moat farmery are prepared to part with a few. Cats* have * happy contented look on their face. and. are , :muoh in demand. . - . .. The Goverment bull is very happy, and although: he is in the hands of a V Badman,' he has struck a good plaoe, and early in the momiDg he sings his song of praise jp a jV.ojoe deep melodious, rich, and strong. ' Theway he takes an octave would, make any linger envious. ;' : ' ; ?'', i; ': :' .' t ?- «--j ') i||iS ' Gardeners are busy ' putting 'intV prabtibe the lessons of Mr Quinn on- probing, and m large orop of Jxuit is expected next year as the result. ' ' ' ;- „?-? — ; Our Gawler River school teaober is leaving us, and while everybody is glad to see him get a promotion, one note of pniversaV;rfigjet is expreased by all who knew him. :SohoJ»rs, parents, and frieada, te^ promotion means parting.' Mr. Hughes oames.»way:Witbia(m the good wishes, respeot. and ^(Mifideope of the neighborhood:; for lie .'has made .friends with us all, and enemies with none.: ?-_ .: i ANGASTON, JfiaeMOx. In epite of the welcome : rains during ' the last week Angaston haB been aotlve aooially, as was eyiaeuoed by the fact of thTee\aO0laU being -held. Oa Wednesday *bo /Vofitog ChriatlaoB Union; mot in the Congregational school-room for their, annual social ; refresh ments were provided and- musia and gajnes indulged in; -' The «ime evening waa.ohWen, rather unfwtnnfttely.^or At eimllar . f unoMpn in connection with the looal branoh of |the Agrioulturai Bunaa. ., Hr J's[ OI .Swsj»jttr io vited the members and thelc friends to meet at bis house, and - pleasant inTorooal evening was a pent. , . Oa -TQnraday^eyenlriK.»Xate well fojiai was tendered to Df Heinrioh woo 1i leaving the celooy for tbe '* Fath^rjaod.' ^ List Tuesday - and Wednesday^ Iu6|»-sj-tor Clark visited tbe public sohool Trod terrafried the children. ..The reaaltiias boon extremely satiaf abtory ; it ft tjelievetf 'that' 9f per cent, of tbe children iiave pawsd, T^js ^ *U the more, creditable as the aohobl ^a8 vp.ryit&prly; attended for some weeks owing to the prevalence of typhoid {ever. Monday, the- public holiday, / passed ©ff quietly ; the only excitement being 'alaotosse -match between the Angaston team and :t&e; Iroquois, from Adelaide. It was not to be expected tbat the local mwo-iwonldi win agaiast such experience^ pl»y era.1' 'To' the first half they managed to secure thr«e goals to their opponents fonr, 'but in tne latter half the visitors had the game in their own hands tf the final result being Iroquois 10 goals; Asgaston 3 goals. . ;. ;. 