PORTFOLIO. Cs.snuas.-We must, I suppose, often feel-it must be so, in the average course of life, with some or other of us-that we are hardly in time for the rejoicing of Christ mas. The rush of gladness which it brings with it through a whole people, through all the wide realms of Christendom, deepens to many by sharp contrast the bitterness of a recent bereavement, the sorrowful watch around a hopeless sick bed. Or it may be while we are saluting our Lord's coming with hymns and carols of childlike exuita tion, and repeating the angelic welcome to the Prince of Peace, that by a terrible irony the heavens around us are black with storm and danger: that great nations are involved in the horrible death stroggle of war; that day by day men areperishing by every form of carnage, and suffering every form of pain, and that by each other's hands. We almost ask whether it is not mockery to think of gladneas. Yet it is in place; yet yet Christmas claims it from us. Those grcat Gtospel songs which heralded the In car. nation of the Son of God, the 31agsificat, the lenedictus, the song of the angels, were themselves but the prelude to thelife of the "M3an of Sorrows.' They are followed immediately by Rachel weeping for her children at Bethlehem, and the flight from the sword of Herod. But yet in those dreadful days on earth, of blood and pain and triumphant iniquity, there was peace in heaven and the joy of the angels ; for amid the clouds and storm of the conflict which men could not see through, the angels knew idho was conquering. He is conquer ing, to conquer still All falsehood, all cruelty, all selfishness, all oppression and tyranny ae to fall before Him. Amid the darkness of our life, the hope of man is still on Him, as fixed and sure as ever it was. HIe will not dissapoint man of his hope. To-day bids us look up, in spite of every thing, and lift up our beads. Come what may, nothing can efface the mark that Christmas has masse in the rolls of time "for is men and for our salvation, Hie was incsarnate by the Holy Ghost of the Virgin Mary, and was made man."-Dean Cherch. 