THE MAN AND HIS KINGDOM. (By E. PHILLIPS OPrENHEIXI.) CHAPTER I. "This Is," lie remarked cheerfully, "our last morulng." "I suppose so," slie answered without enthusiasm. "in a few hours," he continued, "you will bo receiving your first' Impressions of your new home. I think I understood you to sny, Miss Denlson, that you were going to live, for some time at any . rate, lu San Mar tina?" , She" assented, but without raising her eyes, and with certnla indications of uncnslncss. . "It Is probable," slie snld. "My plans are very unsettled, however. It will dopcud largely upon— upon " He waited pntlcntly, but she did not con clude her sentence. Throughout that long voyage from England he had noticed on bcr part 11 marked and -singular avoidance of nny discussion lis to her destination or fu ture. Until this Inst hour lie had respected her obvious wishes— bo bnd, indeed, very lit tle curiosity la his nature, nnd her avoidance of the subject was quite sufficient for htm. But latterly nuotlior idea had occurred to him. San Martina was the last place in the world likely to attract chance visitors or tourists; It was also oile of the least suitable, spots on earth for a woman to find herself in, aloue nud unprotected.- Ilnd she by liny chance been deceived In her reports of the place? "I wonder," lie said, "If you understand the sort of country you are going to— wlint you will thiult of tlie life." Tlie sun was very hot, oven under the .awning. Yet she shivered ns she answered him, nnd lie caught n strange glontn In her eyes, which he had noticed there once before wlioo some reference bnd been made to their journey's end. - . "It you do not mind," she;., anstyerqjlj slowly, "t would rather not think -about. it, I would rntlier talk nbout something else." The mini's face was clouded. Yet lie turned towards bcr with u certain air of re solution. "Every' day throughout tills long voyage," he said, "you have avoided nil mcntlonoof the future. You have talked ns though the day qf our arrival nt Snn Martina was the natural end of nil Intercourse between us." "That is— what it must be," she mur mured. . He smiled indulgently. "On the face of It," lie snld, "It Is Impos sible. It Is a proof to me that you know nothing of San Martina. It calls Itself a city — It ranks ns a State. Yet It contains only 8000 inhabitants, nnd there nre not half a dozen European families there. Now, how crin you expect that wo shall not meet In such a plnce ns this; We " She stopped him with a little gesture. "You do not understand," slie snld. "It is impossible for mo to make you under stand." "'Perhaps," he said; after a moment's hesitation, "I nui hot quite so much in the dark 11s you lmnglne.- i'ou may remember that 011 tlie first day of our voyage I picked up a letter which 'yon had dropped, and re stored It to you." , Slie gave a little gasp! He could see the color slowly fading from lier ebeeks. "You— you did not read It," slie faltered. "I need not tell you that I did not," lie answered. "But, curiously enough, as I stooped to pick It up I saw my own iiiinic 011 tlie open page. Of course I looked at it for a moment. Tlio sentence in which my own name occurred stared me ill the face. That was nil I saw. But It struck uie us being curious." ; "Tcll mo;" she begged, "exactly what you rend."- "I tlilnk Hint tills was the sentence, " lie continued. "If by niiy. evil chance Gregory Dene Is your fellow passenger — remember." That is every word 1 Saw, but you will ad mit '.Hint It read oddly to nie." "Yon read 110 more— no, more than that?" "Ii.pledgo you niy word," lie answered gravely, "If 1 could have seen less I would." S!),e, sat quite, sljll for several moments, with', half closed eyes; Gregory Dene began to feel a little uncomfortable. "At any rate," he snld, "ivo have bad a pleasant voyage. , It lias been something to remember." - "It has been soiiiethiug— to remember — always," slie murmured. "I had hoped," he continued, "that our friendship wonld become a permanent tblng — that yon would nllow me to visit- you when we .landed." She opened lier eyes ngatu, aiid fixed tlicm upoii him. He felt that be had never before understood how beautiful grey, eyes may be. "In a few hours," she„ said, "this voyage comes to an end. Willi It our friendship — if you will call it- so— also terminates.":. "You menu that— seriously?" ' "I mean it." / "Of your own will?" She paused for a moment. Then she an swered him. "Of necessity." Gregory Dene rose slowly lo Ills feet, nnd walked nwny to the rail of the little steamer.' For several moments lie remained with Ms back to-bcr, thinking. The tlilug was so In comprehensible Hint Hie more be thought the more bewildered lie became. It was one of tlie furthermost corners of the world for which lie was bound— a tiny little republic, without 'history or nny possible attraction for travellers or chance visitors. The girl who had been his fellow traveller from Eug- land had not mentioned her. destination to him until they lmd left the great oeenn liner at Buenos Ayrcs, only to meet ngnln on the Utile tramp steamer In which tliey were completing, their journey, ilia surprise at seeing her lind been great. Of all places In the world San Martina was one of tho most impossible for a- woman of liei- age and looks to arrive at alone .and without powerful friends. Hnd she. been deceived In any way- misled? ' Her voice broke in upon Ms won-, dorings. - "Mr. Dene." He stooped once more beneath the shabby little stretch' of aWnlng, and returned to her slue. There was a slight nervous flush in her cheeks. Her, soft eyes sought Ills nii- peaHngly. -.Hi;" , j-i "Won't you be reasonable, plo'Use?" '/ she begged. "Don't spoil the memory of.th'oso last six weeks, 'They will always remain to' me the plcnsnntbst part of niy life— to look hack upon. I dm a very iiiibaphy nnd a very unfortunate woman. You will not add to m.v troubles, will you?" .. "God forbid," he answered, fervently. "Indeed, l am. very'' foolish— perhaps you may think' Impertinent — to ask you so many questions. Only, I sincerely trust that you know tlie sort of place you are going to." She shuddered a Utile. "My voyage," she said, "Is not .one of pleasure." . . "At least," he remarked, "we must meet." "That will be," she snld, softly, "as fnite directs. Who can tell what Is in store for us?" ' ' ' He strolled nwny with ' a shrug of) the shoulders, nnd a sensation of annoyanee/siie was altogether. too sentimental. -and enigma tic. He was, not In the least lit love With her — he was only a little- disturbed, by the fear lest she might In some way linve been de ceived as to the nature of the place for which they were both hound. He had done Ills host to warn her. The rest was no matter of Ms. There was a mystery about bcr journey and her destination In Which lie himself, according to that letter which he had picked up, seemed to figure lu some bidden nnd mysterious way. Whatever It was a few more days must make It all clear. /Till then he would lchve It. . He climbed' the steps ou to tbo bridge, and entered into conversntlon with the fat little Portuguese captain, who wns clad In 11 white linen suit, nnd who held above bis perspir ing head a green umbrella. . He' had relin quished the earc.of his ship to the pllot. wbo stood by his side. Already tbey were draw ing very close to the harbor of San Martina. The captain was disposed for conversation, and accepted Dene's cigar with a florid little outburst of thanks. "The voyage— yes, It had seemed long to rSenor Dene, no doubt.- Four days and three nlgbts — yes, It was tedious without doubt uflcr tlie sixteen knots of the great English steamer which had brought them from Liverpool. But, after all, wns It a matter for wonder? San Martiua was but a bole — a veritable bole — a home for dogs, 110 more. Few people, Indeed, went there, save dealers in horses and grnlu, and tliey for the most part were half-breeds, and far from being desirable company for one holding" — tlie little mnn drew himself up— "nn olllclnl posi tion. .. It .was many voyages since he , lind curried an Englishman, certainly never be fore nu Englishwoman, so youug uud so beautiful as the Scuorltn. Without doubt, the Scnor knew her destination, and the ob ject of her visit to Snu Murllnn. 'She would be going, -of course, to tlie President's — whose house else wns lit to receive her?'.' T'lic little man's black, bead like eyes were twinkling with curiosity, but Dene's ami ability had vanished.' He nnswered curtly, nnd turned upon Ms heel. Tic walked down tlie deck of the uarrow, evil smelling, little stcnnicr, aud stood ouce more before . the girl. Slie hnd uot moved. The book lind fallen from her lap, and her eyes were fixed steadily seaward. Doue noticed that she hnd chosen the side of tho steamer remote from the shore which they were Hearing, uud that she kept her face always turned along the ocean path, by which they hnd come. She moved a few ot her belongings £10111 his empty chair by lier side, and looked up at Mm With the ghost of a smile upon her Hps. . "C01110," she silid, "we have nu hour or two longer. Talk to me. I want to escape froin- my thoughts. Tell me once more of tills strange colony of yours.- Let us talk of Beau Desir." Ho saw that she wns 011 the point of n nervous breakdown, aud, perhaps,- for the first time, I10. appreciated the tragedy of her pale, .''terror-stricken face. He was nslihmed .of certain half-formed suspicions which' had crept 'Into his mind, and sitting down, by tidP side, they fell enslly enough Into one of their long talks. It was one sub ject which she never seemed wciiry of discussing with him. T11 tlie little State of Sun Martina, n day's ride from the city, was a colony of Ills own founding, consisting chiefly of "men who, In more thickly popu lated conn-tries, lind found the straggle .of life too great for them. 'There were men and women there whom he- . hnd rescued from starvation, from- de spair, even from crime. In .the valley of Beau Desir they hnd started life afresh. There was the lund, fruitful and vir gin soil most of It, nnd tliclr labor. ' He bad brought them to It, supplied the machinery; and there nil suggestions of charity ended. From the very first, the scheme had proved successful. They wore easily able to raise from ttlie land more than enough for their own subsistence. The profits 011 the great horse rniiclio, which was Dene's special bobby, sufficed for nil thoir extraneous needs. Dene bad been to England to buy more "Machinery and stock, and to fetch money to purchase tlie vnlley outright from the Republic. ' Thc.Incrcuslug noise on deck broke lu upon their' -conversation. They were in the Bay pf Sun Martina, and rapidly nearlng the dock. Then Dene made his last effort. "It Is the end of our journey, Miss Denl son," be. snld, quietly. "1 am not going' to ask you any more questions. I do not wish to say . anything likely to give you pain, but I cannot let you go without asking you to remember 'one thing. Yoit nre coming as a stranger to a wild, unformed country, where I 11111 afraid you will Uud what we are used to reckon us civilisation an unknown quan tity. I do' not know what connections' you may have hero, but I- waut'you to remember that nt uny' time a single word or message will bring you a friend." He held out Ms hand. She looked into his face 'with 'streaming eyes. "Thank you," she snld. "I will remem ber." Then she hurried from hlin; With a strange'- look of pain M her face, uud disappeared down the companion' way. .- Dene looked after her with a puzzled face. The situation was altogether beyond lilm. Ternissa Dent- son lie lind recognised during the first few hours of their ucqualntunce ns belonging outwardly at least to one of the best types of English w6uauliood. Slic wns young, cer tainly uot more tbnii 25, obviously well bred, nnd without tlie shadow of a doubt belong ing to tbc some little world us Dene him self, before lie had shaken himself free from the' environment of social life. She was dressed always with tlie spotless and taste-'-, fill simplicity of her class, her deportment throughout the voyage had :be6n -'Irreproach able. From the first they had beeu friends. Tbey had been neighbors at the Captain's tabic. Their after-dinner walks and moonlight tete-a-tctes on deck had beeu accepted by tliclr fellow voyagers ns a na tural uud reasonable tblng. Once or twice tliey bad certainly come very near to a flirta tion. Perhaps it was only Dene's Inexperi ence, for, ns a rule, women were outside Ms scheme of life, which bad kept them from embarking upon something of the sort. Yet ovoryMlt lle action and speech hud clearly de noted that fastidiousness of 'mind nuil per son, which is tlie one irradicablo trait of tlio best of her sex. She was a well bred, 11 charming, and n beautiful young woman. All these tilings made tier present position tlie more extraordinary. Slie was trurolliug alone lo an out of the Way little state, wlicro there wns not a single English family, where law and order were certainly lax; aud wlierc morals were distinctly upon tlie "laissez- faire" order. Not only this, but ns tbey ap proached their destination, slie showed every symptom of unlinpplness and nervous strain. She firmly but tearfully refused lo answer liis questions, however delicately put, and slie bad n correspondent in Son Martina, who regarded the fact of his being her fellow, traveller as an "evil cliaucc." No wonder. Deiie was bewildered.; lie walked away presently to the other side of the steamer, and looked out upon tbe town which was now well in sight. The quay was crowded as usual with a motley throng of hnlf-brceds, natives nud planters In their white clothes nnd huge broad hats. Behind was the little amphitheatre of wooden houses, painted green and white, dotted lr- regularly about upon the ill de and in. the centre ot tho:pliice tlie more solid buildings, squiiro. and : white, with flat roofs and sun blinds. In; the background were the tower ing mountains of tlio Estnnitii range; be tween tliem nnd Hie town stretched the vnl ley of Beau Desir. As tliey slowly backed lignlnst the quay, and the bridge was thrown over and muJit fast, a young man passed on to the steamer, before whom everyone gave way with ser vility, If not with deference. He was dressed In military uniform, a long blue coat and white trousers tucked into riding boots. He was undersized, he wore a small black mous- tneke curled upwards— bis eyes Were black, and bis complexion dusky. He came face to face' with Dene, whose presence seemed to cause lilin some uneasiness. "Back ngnln, Senor Dene," he said, with some attempt at snavencss. "I shall have 'the1 pleasure of seeing you at tlie Presidency. For the present, will you excuse me? Out of the way, you rascal," ho added, kicking a sailor, who had momentarily impeded Ms progress, and hastening on across tho gang way. Dene looked nftcr Mm in surprise. Then lie saw a sight which for a moment deprived him of Ms self-possession. Ternissa Denlson wns standing on the deck ns'white us n ghost, her lips parted in the feeblest nnd most tremulous of smiles, and Itlmurez, with out stretched hands, was welcoming her with all the warmth aud volubility which seemed to belong to tbe man— the heritage of his French descent. Dene turned away with a savage Imprecation upon his lips. Tills wns worse even than anything: which he had feared. CHAPTER II. The President of tlie Republic of San Mar tina paused for a moment with the pen In his fingers. At his right hand stood Colonel Juan Sanarez, second In command of the army, and a man of note in Sun Martina. On his other side was Scnor Mopez, secretary and general advlBor to the President himself, and tbe principal attorney of his dominion. In a chair at the opposite end of the table was Dene. "Before I sign tills deed, Senor Dene," the President said, laying down Ms pen, and. taking the long, blnek elgar from bis mouth, "there Is n cliuiso which, If it be acceptable, to you, I should desire to add. Mine Is n small dominion. My nruiy, bravo nnd well disciplined though It certainly is, numbers but n few hundreds. The population of Snn Mnrtlnn lins In It inniiy troublesome elements — It Is necessary to keep always a firm hand over tbcm." Dene, who n few months ngo bad seen a policeman hung from a lamp post to comme morate n Snlut's day, felt himself nble to agree with the president, so far. He signi fied the same gravely, nnd waited for more. "Now, by this deed," the president con tinued, tapping It with n plump forefinger, "I yield to you on lease for nine hundred nnd nlnety-nlnc years tbe A'alley of Beau Desir. It Is very well. Now. yon hnvc there nlrcndy dependents of yours over two hundred — Eng lish most of tliem I believe. Their numbers will Increase. You will become a power hi my country. Is It not so, scnor?" "It Is more than likely," Dene answered, comparing for a moment I11 Ms mind the heterogeneous mob who thronged the streets Of. Sail Martina With the sturdy, hard work- lug band of 111011 wlio were uinUlng fertile the valley of Beau Desir. "To-day," the president continued, "Snn Martina Is at 'pence nud free from dissen sions owing to our Judicious arrest nud Im prisonment of the most troublesome mis creant who ever cursed an unfortunate coun try by making it Ills place of residence. But how long will this continue? "Who can say?" . "Who enn say?" echoed Snnnrcz. "Who, Indeed, can say?" repeated Mopez gloomily. "If I did my duty," the president declared solemnly, "I should have that man shot:. But I 11111 too merciful, is it not so, my friends? I am too merciful. I shrink from taking hu man life." snnnrcz ana mopez cxcunngeu ginnccs, ana n covert siuilc lurked for u moment on the Hps of both of them. Tliey knew very well that If President Klmnrcz dnrcd, be would order tbts traitor lo be shot that very In stant without hesitation, and With a light heart — that he wns even now engnged In completing arrangements for his secret ns- snssinntlon. But the ways of small republics lu the Southern Hemisphere are. peculiar," nnd they hold their peace. "No," President Klmnrcz continued, with a sigh; "it Is a weakness, senor, for which I trust you will not despise me; but I cannot bring myself td sign this mail's death war rant. At tbc sumo time, lie hns stirred up a troublesome spirit amongst my people,' - closely though he Is confined. Whilst he lives, he Is 11 source of secret danger to tlie republic. A rising Is not probable, but, as time goes 011, who can say? One must be prepared. Tbe clause, senor, which I pro pose to add to our agreement is simply tbls, that In tbe evctit of uny Insurrection In my dominion, you engage yourself to bear arms for tlie Government wlio grants you this charter." Dene moved uneasily in his chair, nnd looked thoughful. The propcct opened up by the President's words, carefully guarded though tliey lind been, was not a pleasant one. He spoke slowly aud thoughtfully. "This comes rather as«n surprise to me," President," lie said. "My men are men of peace, farm laborers nud artisans most of them, f ! doubt whether tliey cnu any of them oven handle a revolver." The President smiled Indulgently. "They are mostly English," bo said. "And Englishmen with their, fists alone are a mutch fur some of these low halt breeds with their shoddy weapons. Do not let that con cern you. "If there should be an Insurrection It would bo 1111 'insurrection of Ill-armed cowards, whom my few brave soldiers would scatter like chaff. Yet it is well to make provision. " Some such clause as tills should I Hilnk bc. Inserted." Dene remained silent. "I must admit," lie said, after a lengthy pnuso, "that this opens up to 1110 a fresh .vleVv of the 'miitter before us. If civil.- war' Ist n possibility here, am f wise to. invest so much money In land whose crops and cattle might be liable to destruction nt any moment by a raid oh the part of the rebels. To tell you the truth, 1 liad fancied that your Stale wns too siiiull for any trouble of this sort.", . A shade of anxiety crossed the President's face. He stole n glance at the great pile of bills which lay between tliem on the table. Tlie Republic, nnd particularly Its .Presi dent,- was in urgent need of funds— this money Was like a godsend. An uncomfort able sensation chilled him nt the bare Idea of any hitch in tlie negotiations. "Civil war," he said, slowly, "Is possible anywhere. At the same time, I do not wish to give you 11 false Impression. I Say that It Is possible anywhere, but 1 think I may ndd that I could tliiuk of no spot I11 Central or South America where it is so unlikely to occur ns here." The Colonel nnd the Secretary exchanged glnucos of admiration. Truly President Hl- marez wns a great man. Tliclr morning had boon pleasantly spent In trying and shooting tWo of tlie secret agents ot Hie popular parly in San Martina, and the disclosures which they had elicited by means not altogether In vOguc amongst civilised nations had greatly increased the President's desire to obtain possession of tills very useful sum of money. "Then why insert It at' all?" Done said. Tbe President shrugged bis shoulders. "In a document of this nature," lie said, tapping with Ms forefinger the sheets of folded paper,, "many contingencies have to bo provided for, which are, to say the least of it, very unlikely to occur. I look upon civil war, under our present administration, as about ns Improbable ns nu earthquake. Yet, as our friend, Senor Mopez, will tell us, some mention ot such an event is legally a necessity. . But, come, we shall not qmirrel. Bali! The Idea Is absurd. Tills suggestion Is not welcome to you? Very good. I will amend It. AVe will Insert a clause by which you guarantee to supply neither food nor shelter, nrins or men to any person or per sons engaged In- rebellion against, or out lawed from, tho State of Snu Martiua. Tills yqu .enunot object to, for you take the oath of allegiance to the Republic, and to myself, ns President, when you take possession of Beau Desir." "Tlint," Done snld, "I agree to. But I will be frank with you. The mere suggestion of war hero has made 1110 n little uneasy. It Is most distasteful to rat. Nov.- I shall nislc you to Insert some such clause as this— that in tbe event ot nny of the possessions, crops, machinery, or domiciles of myself or nny of my people being- destroyed or dnm-. aged by nny Insurrection in San Martina, that we arc nt liberty to claim compensation from tbc Government.'.' Tbe President and bis two advisers ex changed rapid glances. The same thought wns M the niinds of all of them. A claim for compensation in tbeir courts would be . rather a joke. Tbe gbost of a smile flick ered upon the Hps of nil of them. Tbey con ferred for u moment In whispers. Then the President turned round and gravely an nounced that tliey laid decided to waive their natural objections to such a clause. "AA'o bnve given you, Senor Dene," the President snld, "a very favorable charter, because wo believe In you and your system, nnd because we know that where English- llshuien are prosperity follows. AVe are now agreed." Ho dipped Ills pen In the Ink, and with a magnificent splutter wrote his .name with many flourishes across tho great red seal. Dene followed his example. The notary took the pile of bills to another tabic, and carefully counted them. "You have made, Scnor Dene," the Pre sident snld, leaning back In his chair, and lighting a fresh cigar, "a . very excellent bargain. I. will not conceal It from you that we have, yielded to your wishes 011 many points because your money comes to -us at a time when It can very pro fitably be made use of." "In the extension of our new- system of schools," the notary put In quietly, glancing up from his task. "Precisely," the President' remarked, thinking of that little Freneh schooner laden with rifles and revolvers', which lay In thi bay waiting for the money before she would consent to land her cargo. "AVe are anxious," ho continued, "to es tablish a scheme of free education through out San Martina on a broad aud sound basis." ) "A very excellent thing," said Dene, ris ing and thrusting the charter Into' his poc ket. ..... The President laid his hnnd upon his shoul der. — . v . "You must come with me," he said, "and be presented to my wife and dnughler. They - await us now. . In your honor they have, I believe, prepared your national refreshment — afternoon tea, is It not, you call It?" Dene expressed Ms delight, nnd the Pre sident took his arm. They left the room, together. Colonel Snnarez nnd the Secretary ex- . changed glances as soon ns they found them- . selves alone. , \ "AVbnt nu Imbecile," exclaimed the for mer. "It Is the folly of Ills thick-skulled na tion," agreed the Secretary. "Tlie money Is air right, Is It not?" the Colonel asked, eagerly. The other nodded. "Yes, except tlint I wish ft had been all lu bills. Tho draft here we must send to . Buenos Ayrcs.-. It cannot bo paid into the National Bank." ' "And why not?" demanded' the Colonel. Mnpoz smiled. "Unfortunately, as our most distinguished President remarked, the finances of Snn Mar tina are scarcely In that condition which one would expect in so admirably governed a State. Tlie National Bank linve refused to honor our honds, nml the manager is nt this moment hiding hi the collar, and expecting to he hauled out and shot every hour. As a ninttcr of fact, the Republic of Sail Mar- Una Is to-dny without n bunking account." "I will tell yon," tbo Colonel snld, "how we can dispose of tljo draft. AVe can pay it to the Frenchman for that cargo of arms." "It would bo," the notary snld, thought fully, "11 scandalous waste 6f public money to pay cash for tlie whole shipment." "He will never leave them without," the Colonel replied, gloomily. "He Is a person without breeding, or any sense of delicacy. AVe sent a boat this morning for a hundred rifles, with an order signed by the Govern ment, and he refused, positively refused, to send them." "Miscreant." "Ho. was worse. Ho sent back a mes sage, which wns an insult. He said 'the money with the order, or no rllles. He had been hero before.' The rascal." The Secretary smiled softly; "AVe must see, niy friend," lie said, "whether It may not bo possible for us to ' give Mm 11 lesson iu manners. Meanwhile, a cigarette." (To bo Continued.)' - 