IN FULL CRY. BY RICHARD MARSH, Author of "The Beetle : A Myatery," "Tlie Orirao andvthe Orimiual," '.'The Datohet Diamonds" 1 1 Mts. Mua'trrave and her Huaband," '"The Woman with One- ' - Hand," Ao., &o.; ' '. LcopynionT.J ' : ' ; . IrBbwBBKD ax wxotM, amuKoxwRrr. CHAPTER, XIX.-((6»i«nnrrf.) '' ' .. AS .aver 1 suchcon- drcudf u 1 BMapw-dgftA I for V family ;to olioriah rTTi - . lAgjijJ snoh a — supersti- tion as sSsnt. when only th6 suporstition itself re mains! Bcoaiiso you must find it diflloult, at timos, to induoo pcopio to hoiiaya that you arc good- looking, merely b-oanse, un cording to tho family legend, you ought to he. Sometimes people will credit tho evi dence of thoir own senses. Haven't, you found it so P" ." Wo havon't . all got twenty blnoknmoor couBihs, as yot." "You may well say 'as yet.'.- '"In thatonse tho worst is irnowii. In tho obsb of onr Unole Blaise, who lcnOws what'uiiintaginablobrimes may be brought boforo tbo light of dnv, even ,9o twioo twenty blaokaiiioors I But IUl for- glvo you for all the cruel tilings you've said, and all tho cruel tliingn you've tliunk, nnd I'll tell you what. When you introduce mo to our unole Blaise, if you liko I'll kiss him for yonr sake." " I shouldn't ho tho least hit surprised if, -before very long, you want to kiss him for his own;" "Tolly!"' When tbo train stopped at Plymouth, tho gentleman in the corner got out. Tho two girls began to discuss him tho instant his buok was turned. Said Miss Giffnvd, — " Do you know bim ? Ho bowed, and said goodbyo as if he know you." "I was' talking to bim beforo you oamo in; be talks of having known grandmiimmn, and mother too, onoo upon a time. Ho soomed an inoffensive sort of person — one of those colourless eidorly men, tho monotony of whoso lives has been interrupted by nothing more remarkable than tlio vicissitudes of thoir annual income." "Sort of dry-as-dust— I know. But you can never toll. An attitudo. of external . reticence sometimes hides consuming .fires within." " That's twaddle — penny novelotty." "Ho hadn't got bud' oyos — they reminded mo of you." " Of mo !" " I don't moan to say that you haven't got lad oyes, because, of course, you have. But, every now and then, when he looked round, there was something, in .his oyes 'which I'vo seen over nnd o'vor .ugaiu in yours— it's in them now." "What. an imaginative.porson younro!" "And what an unobsorvnnt ono you are. I'm persuaded that you spond moro than half your time beforo tho looking-glass, so that ono would think that you would at least know what sort of oyos you really bavo — but it seems you don't." "Do you know that I'm begiuning to sus pect that.you'ro fond of making personal re marks which are not in the host tasto?" "Are yon? Thinki of that now! How precise we're getting. With odvnnoing years are you really becoming proper? Well, there's room for improvomont in that direc- . tion — heaps.' Do you novel- make personal remarks, ray dear?" ,r . " Oh; yes, now and then, when the occasion requires thom—but then they are always in good tasto.'""' ' ' ; "Tho conceit of her !" "To know onbself is hot to bs conceited; it is what wo ore all of us enjoined to do." << And you'tljJitk.yQ« know yonrsolff Door, donr I ' Whoro iguorhnco is bliss !"' Onoo more Miss Gifford raised her hands ntiit tlrnTruin travelled into Cornwall. As Mr. Blaise Polhnrsten was being driven 44 Uncle Blaise! Unole Blaise!" .They "How odd it roundaher Unole Blaise !" CHAPTER XX. ' Blaise' PomnnBTOK Gobs Hoiib. 1 T w as «« <1 a r k— r- I d ar Ichr . r1- than he had ex- peoted lteon- fusbd hi m. T h e f aoe o'j f the I couh- try vis chan- ge d, landmarks had been removed, objects with whioh he had been familiar, on whoso, con tinued prcsenae he had confidently counted, had vanished ; others, of which he knew nothing, had taken their plaoe. Nothing wiis as it used to bo, He had not counted on finding himself so entire a stranger in a plaoe with, every inch of which he had supposed himself to ho intimatoly acquainted. Tho passage of the years had left its impress even mi that remote comer of the world. He was inclined to be sorry that ho had set out ou the adventure. . And yet he had felt himself incapable of running the risk of encountering suoh a recep tion as that 'suggested by Miss Dolly Hamilton. Triumphal arches, brass hands to welcome him homo ? That might not ho. He would alight at the adjoining station, towards tho 1 evening, nnd would walk through the shadows, across tho intervening Btretoh of country, home. He would arrivo there, unheralded, un announced, with as little.fuss or ceremony as if he had quitted it but 'an hour before. It would he best like that. But he hiid not grasped the situation as it now presented itself to him. The night was unusually dark, the station hut a strip of platform which served a scattered hamlet.- With it ho loft behind all visible signs of human existence. It was some Bixor seven miles across country to Polhurston, through lanes, over a strip of woodland, through the home woods. That was as no remembered it. But he had not gone very far beforo he discovered that, at least in this light, his memory pluyed him false. A gate against which ho suddenly came into contaot brought him to a standstill, to discover that he had lost his bearings. He had strayed off the proper road ; the lane into which he had struggled was, apparently; an impasse — unless they had put. a gate up since his time. Ho retraced his steps, to presently plunge into whut seemed to he a labyrinth of twisting lnnes. He stepped. He had ; a compass on his ohaiu. Heexumined.it with , the nid<of a match. So far as lio could judge, the lane in whioh he was. was leading him in" a. wrong direction. And yet he eould not be sure. A few vardB further it might turn — sot him straight upon his wuy. He tried to think where he might bo. In vain; There was nothing to -lend assistance to his eyes. >, \He -wandered airalesRly on. Tt was strange -how wholly absent were 'all signs of linman habitation. It was na .if ho had reached tlio end of tho world— which was Unpeopled.' It 'was truo that thereabouts thoy might ho early folk ; but, ovon if thoy had already retired to rest, surely in some house somowhoro a light would he left burn ing. But there was not n glimmer ; behind, in front/ to right or left, wherever ho looked, not'ono. . He'had scarcely realised, till then, in how bare and bleak a country his boyhood had, 'in fact, been spent/ how remote from oivilisation, how out off from the world. It: Olimb upon himftvith a sense of shook, how lonely -u ohildhood his hud been. Ho was returning no w to. that .bamo wilderness, a lpribly figure,, lost in the night. Jt was.. .very -strange- ind.c.ed tjiat.tiiere should i no bouses. ... Used ns, liu .hlid hotm,_ of.\lqto,-,,tc.,.tlialili(p. pf jL jgppat oily",, tlioir aMbnco streok.iqni cjJw. hgUseq ! Whore, then, did'tlie pqhple" jiyii?, Wjsrblthore really none? Was ho the only living crbutufb'SrtViftlntdTi tiiO'-iliglit?;':Tiio' tfiuigi bbfiil :tiVw'ei((h"lfp;oriThim lilcS 'it pih- aigb df'by'fi/'tftieregHn'ntVwdro the-follis'ttH Jlejt'd ? '--Was fbB''w6rfd"'pMij!led. atily"ivitit' ' ghosts ? ' WcrC 'they- /wnlking-'lit iiitj' 'Sidbj' peering%t him "liver thn-jtonb walls, scurry ing hither nnd thither noross tho country, uubenrd, unseen P What was that noise?' It was the sound of waters'. What was that breath' upon his qheoks ? Was it not .the. whisper of the sea ? What was the sudden, great bluckneas which yawnod, all at once, in front of him, which made him suddonly stop short, which sct'liim shivering ? . , Ho was standing unon the edge of tho oliff — tho Samphire Cliff. The knowledge of his- whereabouts canio upon him with an instant intuition. Down below him -was the island — that reef of dreadful rocks. It was against it the waves ..were breaking— that was thonoiso whioh he had heard, .Another Step, ho would' have ' been ever, hurtling through the air, rebounding from the' points of jagged stone, plunging into tho whirlpool qf tho continually contending waters. ' As he started back be swea ted. . His knees shook. When he had retreated backwards, perhaps a dozen yards, he subsided onto the .ground trembling. Whut u narrow, escupo ho hud had! " . ' i . But it had at any rate made him acquainted with-his whereabouts. Thore were the homo woods, then, upon his right. He advanced towardathem gingerly, feeling withoustretoliod arms for the stono wall whiob, ho remem bered, girdled them. There it was. He recognised in it tho presence of. an old friend. There . used to bo a gate further down the road, perhaps a hundred yards. This was not the part of tho' wood which ho had been making for. By some . accident, which ho did not under- ' stand, bo-had Btruck one end instead of the other. But to. have found the woods at all wus something. The gate which he was searohing. for opened into-a grassy road.whioh, in tho old days, was wont , to be uHed as a drive when a rare visitor was to he taken to enjoy the view from the Samphire Cliff look ing towards Godrevy. It was the gate which was farthest from the house. The winding road passed hath the upper and tho lower lakes, through a part of tho grounds which, in bud weather, was very liko a swamp. . - . He found it. The latch emitted u grating sound as he lifted it. the .gate shrieked on its rusty hinges as be throw it back. He entered tlio woodland road. Tho mystery of the woods wus obvious even in the night. . Up there tho winds wore too persistent to permit of the trees attaining to great propor tions. But, ns ho wout iu farther, their sizo increased. If the winds were against them, the ground was on their side. Thoy were sheltered by its rapid full. Soon Blaise Pol hurston- knew that he was surrounded by raonurohs- of the forest. Their branches creaked and moaned ; afur off came orics as of souls in pain. Here wore living things ; he could hear them, on every side j the patter ing of feet, tho scurrying of unseen oroaturos through the brushwood', tho occasional whir ring of wings. The wood was far from silent. There was, too, a presence of another kind. He had not yot wholly recovered from the shook- of finding himself on the edge of tho abyss.-. There was a still a fluttering at his heart, which the place in which -he 'was was not disposed to lessen. Tt wus peopled with memories, -the grave in which 'his childhood' was buried. Ho was like n lost soul, passing through the shudos of whut once had been his youth. Every movement of the branches — they were never still — was a sigh for tlio past, a moan for the present, a groan at the prospect of what was still to come. . The forest was interment ; half aff rightedly he groped through it all, Behind the trunks of the trees, over whose roots uow and then he stumbled, spectres glunaod out at him : presences which he felt, although ho did not see, shapes, which were none the lc9s actual, but rather tho more, because, they were incor poreal. All the way ho' was haunted by demons. They grew thicker ns he wont. The place became alive with- them. He began almost, to persuade himself that ho would see them with his bodily eyes ; ho could hear tliom ; with ; his ears. They gibbered.ut him as he passed. , They toaohed him. . . ' , . , - Was it possible they touched him ? What, was that which brushed against his hnir— which shaved-his oheeks — whioh alighted for an instant, on his eyelids ? ' Were thoy fingers? Of what? -Ofwhomf 'He stopped suddenly, looking about him- with bewildered glaucos. , What was that noise ? Was it not laughter ? , Who wus laughing-at him in the shadow of tho trees ? " This was not tp be borne,' that there should; bo foes on- overy hand, and he see none of them. Ho lit a match, he would see by tho light it guvo, what might be seen. While it flickered, as he wus about to raise it to look round, something — someone' struck it out. He trembled so that tho box fell from his grasp. Ho listened. Again ! - Was that not laughter among tho trees ? ' Ho could not find tho matohhox, although he felt sure that it had fullen just ut his feet. He eould not feel itauiy where, ovon by going down un his knees. Wnsthat'it? If it was, then it was snatched away — yes, as his fingers were closing on it.. -Wliat was the cause of his feeling that something, someone, was playing tricks ' with him? His nerves had been disorganised by his experience on the cliff. The walk, prolonged vboyohd his ex pectations, had tired him. '! Memories had come. sweeping over him at'an Improssianublb moment:. The.- surroundings Wfcro woird, the scene awesome. Thoy "used t'o tell,' in bygono days, of the Polhnrsten ghost ; Of the wraith whioh,' at night-time, in the woods, used to lie in wait for members of tho family, when evil loomed over the house. ' ' It wus such thoughts - as these whioh bade fair to play tho fool with him. He shook himself. He would put them behind him — leave the matchbox where it lay— hasten homo. It must be growing late. If he was not quick, his coming would alarm tho house — thut ho did not want. ' He strode down the path as rapidly as the darkness would permit. There was the sound of running wnter. He was neaping the upper lake. Prosootly, although ' the blackness shrouded it almost wholly) ho know that he had readied it. -He paused by the brink, peering through the shadows. Nothing could bo seen. Ho could hear what he took, to ho tho movements of wild fowl, tho spluahiug of water over tho weir— that was all. Ho passed ou. A closing of the dark ness, till it hung about him like u pall, made him conscious thut, about the lake, it laid been, relatively, light. Ho was moving again through die thickness of tho wood. All at once, something flushed into sudden' radiance; so far us he could judge, at a dis tance of ii hundred yurds or moro from whore lio was, It gleamed, like a star/thou vauishod, leaving the darkness denser than boforo. "What was it? A will- 'o-tlio- wisp? Aglow worm ? Hardly at tliut season of the your. Besides it had borne 110 roscmblnnco to either. He went steadily ou. It cuino again ; still, as it seemed, the same distance in front. ' It was not a light iu u house, nothing of the kind. It was like' a flash of fire, appearing to him to havo the property of showing,) in tho brief space of its duration, hiilf-ii- dozon different hues. Ho adviinoed moro cautiously, wutohing for its reappearance. It did not come. Instead, thoro was horno in upon' him, ou a sudden, un absolute -. conviction thut some unsoen thiug was close at bund— soinothing whioh was moving .' through the brushwood,' keeping puce at his sidu. Tlio instant.he becamo conscious of this assurance, ho stappod, and stood, und listened, and looked. Ho could sou nothing, nor hour anything ; but lie knew thut there was something there, uud that it had stopped when lie stopped. Ho tried to speak to it, . hut could not— to move in its direction, hut his limbs wore chained. With an effort he continued his ndvanco, stumbling blindly on ; ho knew thut the sonio- thing was moving too. Agaitt thore ivas the sound of running wutor ; lie was neariug the lower lake. Ashe reached it, .there was a splash! Something had ' pluiigbd . into tho lake. Thore wus a noise us of somotliiug straggling in the water — a guspiug sound, as of fighting for breath. . '? Who. are you?. Who's there?" .orica Mr. Polhurston, the toucs of , his own voice filling him witji horror and amazement. All wus still... Only the noise of tho weir disturbed the silonco. . To have plunged into tbo blackness of the waters in Bcarch of hp know not what would havo been an aot of madness. If he remem bered rightly; quite oloso to tho hank this niyqilo, luge UfiiLthere,, weippnpjs Qfiiunown uK'lif jindity.' . ' ,'HpivJ.did i ho i ttffiiy'Wiiat ' had i'ailoii iu— by 'accident tir of ' sot purpose.' It iipjgbt boBOtnqjirSatWO.tif file woods. True, jftjjuid not sounded us if it wore, but— what witHjit then? Ho.did not stop-to- think. . Ho rtishjid onward, resolving, when lie reaohed tho bous9|jtpiit$H.tutok'8 JWW capo, 'thorn wus bathing lie eould do, without light, alono. ? continued. "1, > 