Biizzlu? Aronudt \ fBr Amos Kekter : " What time does the ghost walk ?" 1 .shud dered as these worffs fell upon my ears, aud con tinued my walk down the street. I thought awhile and smiled, for I remembered that the phrase, "when does the ghost walk?" was used -in the theatrical and Poverty Point sphere, aneut the hour.of pay ; but when again the creepy tales of the Furracabad ghost were wafted to mine ear I stopped, and learned of the nightly appearance of the slaughter-house spectre. I have often read, of ye ghost of the Manor, hilt' never before did I hear of the spirit of the slaughter-house, and a morbid curiosity tempted me that night, when a halo of peace surrounded the Glen, I quietly stole from the silence ot the street, crossed the murky waters of the creek ; crept by the shadows of the hospital, tiow wrapped in agonising quietude, apd across the old football field, where football ghosts arose. At the railway gates 1 paused, aud the silvery moon peeped out from behind the fleecy (cloudlets. There in the distance, made more ghostly by rays of the aforesaid moon, stood the remains of the deserted' slaughter-house. Ugh ! what was that crawling down my back? A gentle breeze played among the trees, and plucking np courage I crept on. Hush 1 what is it that comes fo miue ears like the whining of the Banshee ? Nothing, only that confounded breeze again. Nearer and nearer to. the yard I crept, and at last the big shed stood before me I waited, and across the now calm air came sounds of the Towu Hall clock chim- out the hour.of 9. No ghost yet. My spirits were droopiug, so I refreshed myself. from a little black bottle, carried ill case of " suake- blte," and sat down to pouder and await the ghost. Aud as I sat there arose from the bowels of the earth au awful apparition, headless and armless ; but yet it spoke to me. I looked again; kuowiug that the sight is apt to misrepresent remote objects aud the decep tion vanishes on nearer approach. This was uo deception, however. I couldn't speak. I felt my cap going heavenward. The thing advanced, and I heard it say : — I ain thy father's spirit ; Doom'd for a certain term to walk the night, Aud for thfe day coiifiu'd to fast iu fires, Til! the foul crimes doue iu my days of natnre Are burnt aud purged away. But I am -forbid To tell the secrets of my prisOn- house, I could a tale unfold whose lightest word Would harrowup thy soul, fieeze thy young blood, Make thy two eyes, like stars, start from their spheres. Thy knotted and combined locks to part, And each' particular hair to stand on end, Like quills upon the fretful porcupine : But this eternal blazon must not he. To ears of flesh and blood. List, list, O list i Aud then 1 knew uo more. # The sun waB peeping up ovei tiie hillside when I awoke, and black bottle by my side, was a " dead marine." - Then 1 thought of the slaughter-.house vision, and shaking the early dew (not Rhoderick Dhu) from off me, I. rushed madlv from the scene. \V.as it mental delusion or was it Andy Usher? Ah> youth, let not your moments of dissipation bear no proportion to those of sober reflection. ' 