A RAMBLE THROUGH ALGIERS. It is dangerous to penetrate too far into the town's mysterious recesses. Even the police are absent when the shadows fall. The Arab will not molest you. But the Spaniard and the Italian will knife you for a sou. In my night rambles I was fortunate in having with me a Khabyle, in 'whose house I had broken bread, and who had therefore given me his ' anaia.' My life, as a result, was sn his keeping. - He. would sooner have abandoned his wife and children than have broken faith with the trust imposed on him. The Cafe Maure is the show place at night time. Here the Arab comes to smoke his cigarette, drink his coffee, and listen to the story-teller. The native cafe is more like a hole in the ground than any kind of struc ture, and the guests sit cross- legged or recline on forms. I can recall nothing more ghostly than one of those cafes I visited, with tbe listless, impassive figures of the men, lighted up simply by one brazier, on which the coffee was stewing, the monotonous dum-dum of the tom-toms, and the weird chanting of the story- teller. Of the private life of the Arab one can learn but little. All is shadowy' in these singular dwellings, where the 'master of the house plays the role ot gaoler, and behind whose barred windows andclosed doors lies the strange secret of bis countrywomen. I loved to ramble through these tiring, suffocating, evil-smelling alleys, watching the ever changing stream of faces and costumes, and always:on the lookoiit for a door to open and give me a glimpse into the unknown world. Into the show-houses yon may go, of doorse, be you lady or gentleman, and into one or two other houses with a little influence behind you. One of them was off the Rue Marengo. The veiled figure of a woman opened tbe door to us. My com panion said one or two words in Arabic, when die dropped her haik, removed her adjar and greeted him with laughing enthusiasm. I never saw a face more wildly beautiful. It was not distinctly of the Arab type, tbe | complexion was not darker than of Andalu sia. But the eyes were the marvel ot the face, soft as those of a gazelle and with a beauty spot under tbe left one. : Masses of raven black hair fell, over the - half-covered shoulders and on the soft, white drapery. Here was the typical houri of the East that one had dreamed about, a living picture if ever one existed. She was not yet eighteen, but her husband had dwelt Willi Allah for nearly two years. We wished her Salaam alik, and cigarettes and tbe thick, sweet coffee of the Moors followed, untouched by the hostess herself, for tbe fast of Ramadan was not yet over. The house was of two. storeys, and with out a roof. Tho oourt was square, sur rounded on the four sides by beautifully carved marble pillars which supported the balconies on the floors above, and from which latter ran the private apartments. Tbe rooms here were tastefully and richly arranged. Everything ' smacked of true Oriental luxury. The pottery was pure Khabyle, the rugs had the genuine Kairwan texture, the hammered braes ornaments bad been bought in no town bazaar, the exquisitely-carved wooden doors and balcony —just high enough to allow one to look over into the court below — were centuries old, the delicately-coloured tiles were priceless treasures. The whitewash only was new. In this house some days later a party of us, ladies and gentlemen, had a real Arab dinner, which we could .not eat, and arranged an Aissaoui fete, which we found it difficult to sit througb. Tbe children here are tbe brightest, sweetest faced young rogues sent on earth to plague the British tourist out of sous. A face rises vividly before me— little Zuleika's. Only just eight years old, she was a past mistress in tbe art of mendicity. She made me her mark one day as I sat outside tbe Cafe de Boulogne. She smiled and kissed her hand to me. I smiled back, and in an excessive fit of generosity, gavo her a whole ten-centime piece. That was my undoing. For thirty days I paid Zu leika a dajly wage of ten centimes. To offer less was to have it indignantly refused, ana at length l accepted tbe inevitable with good grace. In a way it was money well spent, for the little monkey, having decided I was her own particular sou-mine, pegged out her claim, so to speak, and kept tress passers away. There was a curious trait in Zuleika, characteristic of the whole Arab race. Having once obtained her fee the day's wants were apparently provided for, she would sometimes follow me into the Arab quarter silent but smiling, and I sup pone either inquisitive as to my business or to look tbe dog of an infidel. That is your Arab all over. Idleness comes natural to him. He was born indolent. He does not provide for his family, he provides for him self. Having earned sufficient to keep him for the day, he lies down in the sun. He has provided for that day ; Allah, in his goodness will provide for the morrow. — (A selection from ' A City of Ghosts and Shadows,' in the summer number of Pearson's Magazine). 