FROM 'ALL QUARTERS. .On the sumnit of the-highest motiiitin in Germany. Zug.Spitze, which isn 10,000ft high, is a reuge o'hut, with accommodattion for twenty-two guests. It is built of stone. secured'by steel rods; and the Interior is warmly lined with cork: and felt. It cost. £2000. It is said that some 9,000,000 acres of land In Italy, the 'cultivation of,which has been abandoned because ofn the malaria, are to be developed by the, aid of Amn rican capital. Land of this nature can be reclaimed by, drainage and proper atten-. tion to sanitary laws. There is nothing new in the diving-bell. Long before man thought he invented it, the water-splder Iniew all about it. 'The water-spider crawls down a reed, dragging his diving-bell with'him, and anchors it under water, on a level. keel, so that thei, adi it contains keepsthe water out. .,The.weights.of classes of students before and after.examination.have been made the subject of recent investigation. In high classes, where.naturally the -examinntion was .most felt,: several pounds were lost,' ashowing how the mental strain was felt. In lower classes the strain was not so great. Water beloils at different temperatures, ac cording to the elevation above the sea level. In London water bolls practically at 212 degrees F.,: In Munich at 209%3 de grees, ·and in' the Himalayas at an ele vation of 1S,000 fEet at 180 degrees. These differences are caused by the varying pres sures of the atmosphere at these points. Electrelytic processes have greatly dis placed old-time methods in the manufacture of colours and chemicals. Through the agency of electricity many pigments are now. produced.. and caustic soda; chlorate of potash, bleaching powder, &c.;, are.turned out in great quantitles;. Prices consequent ly are far lower than in the years preceding the' dynamo. The War Omce Intend experinimentng with an automobile gun-carriage for army use. A tricycle,- driven by electricity, forms tho'carrilge, and. upon it is mounted a Service-pattern-Maxim gun. _ Tle weiglt of the gun and carriage is only about 1.10 pounds, permitting quick movementi and early readiness when in position. The 20th' Middlesex (Cyclists' Corps) will conduct the tests at the approaching Volunteer ma noeuvres at Aldershot. ' The present Royal Crown of Great Bri tain was made especially for the coronation of her Majesty. To manufacture it a num ber of old crowns belonging to the' prc coding Sovereigns-were broken up and the gems extracted for use, in the Queen's crown. The old-fashioned wooden plough is still in use in Russia; and, in consequence of the backward state.of agriculture indicated by this fact, the'Russian peasant, although working on some of the most fertile soil in the world aid paying very little rent for it. earns on the average not more than a shilling a day. A Russian gentleman living on his estate at Savinowba. "in Podolin," has had built by an American engineer a house of six teen rooms entirely made of paper. The cost was 80,000 roubles, and its architect reckons it to be more lasting than a build ing of stone. The furniture also is to bhe made of the same material. The latest enumeration of the animals known to science includes no fewer than 380,000 recogniut species. The real number is believed to be very much larger. It has iben estimated that of Insects alone the earth harbours 2,000,000 species. Accord ing to anotheir opinion 10,000.000 would bhe a moderate estimate of the number of In sect species. The number of individualu is, of course. Incalculable. Anyone ,whoi has ever picked ip withl a bare hand a piece of intensely cold iron klnows that the touch burns almost as badly as if the metal were red hot. In deed, the action of great heat and extreme cold are so similar that a Hungarian chemist has turned the latter to account to preparo meats for food. - He subjects the meat to 60deg of frost and then seals it up ini air-tight cans. The result is that tlic meat is practically cooked by cold. The West Indian "life plant" springs fromn a leaf, two or three inches long. In from six weeks to three months the mother leiaf shrivels.' and young plants can be cut off with scissors and planted, or. the entire leaf can be buried. The'plants now thrive quickly and reach their full height of four feet wirth graceful red and yellow flowers. An America'n named Mr. Samuel Sherard, of Pittsburg, owns what is believed to be the costliest liht in the world. It is made of spun glass. and cost £250. At the first glance the hat seems to be made of finely woven straw. but a closer acquaintance re veals the fact that it has certain reflective qualities. It was made by an old Alsatinn at Pittsburg, who invented a process for spinning and weaving glass. A well-known astronomer chalculates that if an express train running.60 miles an hour day and night without stopping kept it up for 3i0 years it would just about.com-. plate the diameter of the circle made by' the earth in its yearly journey round the suin. Now let this immense circle be represontud by a lady's finger-ring, and taklingithat as the standard of ineasurement, the'nea'est fixed star would ie b amile distant. and the furthest visible through the telescope at least 20 miles. President Kruger regards certaln days'hs i lucky. The 27th of February, is one of these days, for it. is the anniversary. of the battle of Majuba, in 1SS1, and the signing of the Conventlon of London, in 1SS4. Another. lucky day ti Sthb Auguost'. the date of the, retrocession'of the' Transvaal, and of' the presentation of the London Convention to the Volksraad. It is well known that- tho Queen is ent ardent lover'of music, and has frequently shown her favour to members Of the muos cal professioo. But It Is not. generally known that until a few years ago 'her Majesty did not' discontinue taking regular singing lessons. It' is only eight years ago, too, since the Queen herself assisted at one of the Balmoral concerts.. In the American Museum of Natural His tory is a famous skeleton of an extinct anl mal'callted tlhe "phenacodus," discovered i I Wyoming, and believed by gcologists to re present the earliest form of the horse. The animal was about as large as a sheep. rather slonder, with a. long tail, and five toes on each foot; but three of the.toes did nearly all. the work.! ' ' Alice M'hlahoe, 105 years of 'age., who re cently arrived at Queonstown on board the Cunard -linef Umbria, after a residence ofL 101 years in America, says an English ex-' change, is an interesting old lady. She Is a spinster, sand. says that she never haln it sweetheart. She went to America when she was four years of. age, and has lnow' gone hlome to die. iliss lil'Mahosn has inot a grey hair in her head, has always been an early riser, and has 'invariably lived a regular life. She has never suffered from ill- health. .: : r In Iceland horses are shod witll slieep's horn. IIn the valley of the Upper Oxus, the antlers of the mountain deer are used for the same purpose. the' shoes being.fastened with horna pins. In the Soudan,- the horsd:; are shod with socks' mnadeo'of camel's slin: inI Australia horse-shoes have:been .tried. of mow-hide. A German not long ago Invented a horse-sdio of :pper,, which; had botile saturated with' obll; 'turpentine.' and othUir. ingredients.' Tlin'layers.of such paplernroe glued to the hoof till the requlislto'thickn.'~is is attained. Anid the shoes thus made are durable, and hmpenetrable by molsture. The other day a.tirlteyS.wasbeing dresscul for table In a London, restiurant, .when,' to the agreenble gurprise; of Its owner, ia sovereign was found in' Its gizzard. The' question Is how did it get there, andi who is the former. 'lio has so many: sovereigns; that he can feed tliemi to' his turkeyse? Tile restaurant proprietoi;, however.' wouil. like a fewl more turkeys of this new 'a rlcty. 'ito sacred fres o ?no iann havo 'not', n I been extingelehthd. Tiho, mostri anclnl. which still exists, was consecrated'twelvee centuries ngn, In commemoration of thlt voyage made by thle Parses when they emlt grated from Persia to .India. The fire Is: fed fivo times every 24 hours with sandal wood and other fragrant materials, ojlll bilned with very dry fual. This fire,.In tlie village of Oodwada, near Bulsar, Is'visitlt by Parsecs in largo nhumiers durlilg the months allotted to the pIrsidlng genius of Rublier is In great demtad, and; t "it statel. that one notable attempt lins 'hiin nlnde 'in Clilengo "to' manufactoire it' frnin corn, and it is believed that the nsdw product will bo ready for the miarket in a f.\ months. Rubber mado from corn eis of a reddish-browni colour, but it does not reslut the heat so well as lndlarubber, and lhe chelmists Il America are worldng-lt. till lntler part of the problem to find a remrdy. The development of diamond-cutting Il troduces n'new class of jcwellory. It wi.ls lonp believed thant the diamond could nel be el;graved with satistactory resullts: bu?t :i few stones roiugihly engraved w\ere fouil ini Indhtl, iand som1e years ago a dianioiIl wsr exhllibited in Paris on whichl i tr p" trait of the Il.ing of the Netherlr.ltls w 'i scraltclild. An elaborate piece of work, i a bicycle, of which the wheels are two clc clllr lillltondls. Tile spokes are reltrescni t bry Iltutres engraved oil l thell tiiil,:. .llothlrc diallnilld is litca*rve liktt e a l ,i. eiutlih eaimiiltCs arie brooches lblrrpr'iie?t, t: Ilti . (i f \lictli thr vlt ,' gs are thin, in graved dianotnds. Marconi hons' invented'? n instrument for ascertaining a'ship's position in a fog when it Is within range of one of his telegraph stations. It consists of a receiver, which can be irevolved, and which, when pointing towards the transmitting station, sets off an electric bell, thus establishing the bear lugs as accurately as the compass does. Stiange as it may seem, human Inge-. iuity has not been altogether exhausted by that. not' Inconsiderable -section of the ,United States that has, on various grounds, presented appealsfor divorce. A new pro vocation ' has been discovered by a lady prlrtitlioner whoso ease .is about to come before a, New York Court. ,It is that she is pursued by the ghost of the first wife of her husbnld. Thie spectre.is invisiblo to'the husband, but the wife deblares that she has seen it repeatedly, and its continued vislts make a continuanco of marital re-. Inttoos impossible. Wire glass has been recognised for seve ral year nas valuable firercesisting material, but solid Cast glass having wire embedded Iii it, which is also umffciently transparent for use in windows, is believed to be a novelty. A lirni in New York has recently succeeded in producing this material in sheets 1Sin by 401n in size and 3-Sin thick. Thc.glass is cast about"?a wire screen hav Ing an itch mesh and is then polished on both sides to give it the necessary finish for use In windows. This glass, even after It lhas been cracked' by high heat and sub scquent suddcn cooling by jets of water; still retains its general formn and will act as a barrier against the spread'of fire' An artlelo published in the 'Lancet,'" statinglthat cage birds are sources ofbacil Inry infection to human bolngs.has created a good deal of sensation amongst breeders. The writer alleges that the canary is a post-' tive peril to the household, as.by fluttering and whliyking the dust from its cge' it can contaminate food placed'in the same room; while the,practice of allowing pet birds to touch the lips. with their beaks, or of nursing and feeding them when they are sick, is very dangerous. ,,The canary is ap i?prently the most risky, pet ,to keep, but other cage birds are not fred foni danger, and possibilities of infection lurk In the keepingof pigeons and poultry. For privnte cntert??inmentsnsome singers and performers draw big sums. Madame Melba has sung 13 times at private hobses during the season at a fee of £300, on each occasion. Madame Eames gets £200' a night, and Calve even more. 'Pnderewski, who played four times at private houses last season, was first engageudby Mr. As tor, who programmes are of the mnost mag nificent order, and must cost something be tween £1500 and £1800 a night at least, when he engages such "stars" as the great Polish pianist at £1000, Melba at £300, Placon and Ancona ati£100 each, mnd others of the merit of a Wolff and a Hollman. In the struggle of life one hears every now and then the complaint that women are shouldering men out in many directions. Even tile office boy, it seems, is not safe in New York.. The officials inathat city In tend to dismiss the large force of office boys in the various departments and re place them by offico girls. The boys are founld to be lazy, indolent, 'and given to smoking cigarettes, and reading penny dlreadfuls. One hundred and fifty girls un derwent a Civil Service examination quite rcceutly for the new post of office girl. Mfr. Whitcombo Riley, the American poet, evidently is a warm admirer of Rudyard Kipliing, of whom ho. spoke thus to an in terviewer reccntly:-"A lot of fellows, who know nothing of Ilpling's early history, think tlhant lihe just d'di it-that he Just hap penod. But that fdllow was hustling roulnd newspaper omffices romn the time lie was 1i years old. Born and brought' up among a strange people, with' queer customs, he was for years gathering material for his mork. He has the greatest curiosity of any cman I ever know. Everything interests hiam. In fact he is a regular literary. blotting-pad, soaking up everything on the face of the S rtlil," A distrestsing Stdry of parricide comes fIom Rapid City, Sfouth Dakota (says a New York telegram, dated May 29). A railway contractor named Bouts, in his wife's absence, became angry with his children-a girl of 14 and a boy of 10 and, according'to their'story, kicked thom' both. The children thereupon got their father's gun and fired from behind him at' his back, the boy steadying the weapona while the girl aimed and pulled the trig ger. ' The man fell dead. The children when arrested seemed to be unaware of thec gravity of their deed, and attempted to justify themselves for killing their father, who, they said, was always ill-treating their mother and themselves badly. In Great Britain there are said to hbe nearly 300 religious sects. The adherents of the Church of England are officially put down at aboit' 13,000,000' Thie year books, and reports, of the Evangelical, Froee Churches for 1898-99 give the total sitting accomm.odations in the churches at about 7,.S48,80.l, whereas the total number.of sit tings In the Established Church is 6,886,977. I. -Annam they consider ordinary fishing tacklo useless, and the Annamese are suc ccrafal in their own fashion. There the f1shing, party takes bows and arrows and goes down to the bank of the Song-Ka, or ited River, andi creeping out on a log by. thll shore or pushiln a native boat it short distance out, they look down into the clear swater for jsising fish. Every man stands ready with an arrow on the bow string, and'as a fish swims near, he tramnslxes It with unerring aim. The' Aniamnese are a tirar:go people living in French Coshlii Clhits. i 'The Czar Nicholas II. has the reputatlon of being the most liberal of Sovereigns; particularly lit regard, to.. tips, and it Is stated that when on a visit his smnallet "pourboiro" to.the domestics 'is never less 1t1e, a sovereign, even' to , servants ::who have but -rendered him: the slightest of services, while to the coeachmen and:: ser vrnis in atteandance upon his Royal per-. son the tip is ofteu £10.` The German Knlser Is Just the opposite of .this, and allthough lie travels perhaps more than any other Sovereign, holis very. careful with hls gratuities, which seldom exceed 5s or Os .. . . We have hadl tho German Emperor froni m.uy points of view, even from that of his barltr. The latest pen-portralit1 that of the sclrthand writer. :.Villiam' II., since he ascended the throne, has always had a .iholrthlnd reporter in attendance,to take a verbatim note of his speeches, and Herr tKarl Hlampel lehs frequently acted in that ceraeily. In a sketch' of, his subject hle gayse that 'the Kaiser-i; easy to report, for his voice is strong and his articulatlon dis thluee.. ,Ilv only becomes,dllflcult when lhe etl ev:clteehd.-ald on suci occasionsi;'though Ilt prlonletllteleion is clear, he speaks vwith lightt.ing rapidity.' e Mtloreover, he has an awkeeward trick at such times of jerking out detainched sentence. It, is estimated that in the United KiIng dcull no fetwer than 70,000 girls are em ployeul il.puilic-houses and drlnking bars. A Ihileosophlcal statiaticlan calculates that iin t11., ygear 2000 there will be 1,700, 0l0,000 people who speak English, anld that thie other Iluropecan "languages will be speo ktll Iby eOlle: 600,000,000. people. - Lar ge numbers'of the inhabitants of the iprsov ihe of Tigre, north of Abyssiuni:" are emuigtraitinel ; 1. fgyptlaii territory, :prefering Britilsh rulesto that ofKin.g Af?noiek. ? :itWlldIecek. a little German Principality, 'p.dcerc-e hai: been" proclainmed that' a liednse ,e" tiecirry, will enat .b:'granted.to' ay,',lndi 'ildle?e'who lhilis;been ill thelihablitUof.gltting idrinilt;. and if:ine who0hlash been' adrunkaryl aplilie? for suctl:allcenso, lhe must produce sulltihlenit proef. of ?eformatlon. to W airant )ide:. erelivjrerigh, - 