ORIGINAL NOVEL. FAi.t. Rights Rkshbvkd. Marian Gonisby, B< E. DOIDGE, " Author of 4 Father and Son, 4 The Daughters of Eve," Mysfery of Merveiliieu,' & ' BOOK H. CHAPTER X. — (Continued.) 4 Now come, tantalising hoy, what is it?' ' Cannot yen guess, Lilian?' 1 — — ' Something about Marian, of course.' . 4 Of course; two letters by the mail ' this morning took me an hour to read them, . and a pretty bad fright I got. You know after that Thames episode Marian was hopeful that the governor s obstinate objection to our marriage was dying out, but he took a fudcen and terrible turn, becarn more bitter than evei, and vowed veng-ance . . Now. on top of all this; ..the old gentleman— Heavtn forgive him much tor it suddenly deoided to return to . Au-t.ralia ! What do you say to that?' 'That is indeed good news, George. I congratulate you v-ith allmy heart.' 4 Especially as th6y must be now actually on their way. vVh.-re would they be a fort night after leaving England, Lii?? I cannot exactly say, but somewhere in the M editerrsnean 1 suppose. 4 Yes, I expect so. I shall look it up. Just imagine, we shall have Marian with us, all being well, in a month or so. It's just splendid ' . George turned to go to his room, but paused to hold up to Lilian's eyes a few lines of Marian's letter, which he asked her to read : — 4 You have waited for roe, dear George, these three long years, and I am coining to j you. Portionless it may be — only my own .poor pelf — but all your own.' That is very pretty— worthy pf dear Marie. How glad we shall all be to see her back.' 4 Yes, everybiny ; but one in particular, you bet'; and George ran np'the stairs two steps at a time. Not for along lime bad his heart been so light. And that way lien the young man's hope of hnppmess. Such years of patient waiting, are never wasted In after, life, mid u-any trials of love and patience, of fidelity and temper, tfce years when the heart ached and yearned for life's matecome back with their, records of oft- repeated vows, of \- . affootion, of tenderness, and of ideals realised or awaiting realization, — George's bacyancy of spirits at the even- in-. local was so apparent that, had lis team won : '.he intercolonial fooibali match, he could not Lave been in ' greater fettle. It was apparent to every member,of the family that 'the hoir and hops of th3 Whidden ' , family was in roeipt of good tidings ' What is itj G-orge ?' said Lady W hid - " den. " 'Marfan -will be with us, all being well, inside of five weeks.' 4 Teat is nev/s, indeed.' ' Bat does it mean that y our way will be any clearer?' asked Sir Douglas. 4 ITiave every reason to believe it will be,' replied George. ' 'Then I have every reason to believe" that you will marry a penniless girl, unless- 'the old man Gonisby has either reached his dotage or dies suddenly. It was one of those random shots whioh are sometimes spoken lightly yet-fit marvel lously into the realities ; for, as the reader knows, ; Joseph Gouisby was dying at the time.-; " 4 irm not troubled about one or other of the possibilities,' was George's ready response. He vyas not in the mood to look upon any. but the brightest side of the picture ; and, as a how apparently relenting fate willed it, he was not to be disappointed. CHAPTER XI. Sottshbth and Rais. January days passed into February, and the boat waB due in which Mr Gonisby and Mies Gonisby had- booked passages for """Msibotirne. How many hearts reaoh out j ith keen anticipations and bright hopes on f .coming to a new land— some to bemore than; "realised ; 'oHmand tepy.ftefoCthe majq?» - ity,To be ' more than disappoiniefl.., . Of all the passengers who. on that' bright, February mornings steamed up to the Sahdridge Pier",, there were few more moved by emotion than Marian Gonisby. But they were conflicting emotions wbioh swayed" her.- Glad was she beyond words to find herself once again hearing the oity where her heart's affections lay — sad to remember that it was as an orphan, absolutely alone' in, the world. Ere Ahe arose that happy moniihg, she guessed they had entered the heads, per ceiving that, the ship no longer answered to the ocean swell ; .and when .'qbe .oame on deok before breakfast, there to the.Ief t ehone Qaeensblifl— always prepossessing, : always, picturesque; and as one familiar vie w after another oame into sight, her spirite rose Vend, a soft, color oame into her cheeks, which had grown more thin and pale than were their wont. But of all sights pleasing to the eye and to the heart, there was one she dwelt upon not yet edme-— the sight of. the one man in 'the world whose memory had been ever present, and npon whose strength mid fidelity she had leaned, as npon a rook whose foundation. was sure.. : Y 4 Miss Gonisby, you ; are doming down to breakfast for the last timeare y.ou not It was Miss, Leslie who spoke, as, she dame from amongst the passengers,; who. were intent on spying npon ,th"e new ran.if . « 4 Really, I had; hmdly: thodght of it-/! doubt if I can eat ; but I will manage A dap. of coffee, I daresay.' ' '."What a delightful bay— if it is a bay- it is more like an inland ocean.; .it is so large. Why did you never tell ine how magnificent it was ?' 4 We seldom talk about Port. Phillip : all the admiration seems to go to its great rival —Port Jaokson. If we have not the. hun dred inlets which adorn Sydney's port, yet here we at least have scope and ample room to sail our pleasure boats ; and around" the bay there are many pleasure plaoeB— yonder tor instance, lies Mordiallio, where I have juiced in very pleasant picnics. Some day, Miss Leslie, I hope we shall have the pleasure of seeing some of these show plaoes in oompany.' A wish whioh Marian's companion gladly ' Beared; Then they betook themselves once more to the breakfast table, where,. however, ! Marian sat for only a few minutes. She was really too excited to more than make a pre- tenoe. of eating. - - Soon she was on deck again, looking \- anxiously . to- the lauding point, i wondering would be be there. . Yes, George was there with eyes but for one . individual in the world, wondering could .it indeed be possible that the hour had .come when he should meet again the woman be loved, never (as he hoped) to be parted more. And how would she seem ? What change had the years made? How ah'ould he meet her ? Would she forgive him the warmth of the embrace that his arms were, longing, to perform? Would' the severest of fathers be at her side to veto' more than the common, most formal hand -shake ? Did ever vessel take so long; to moor? Was ever sailor slower? WaS ever- hawser more awkwardly handled ? : Was ever any body or any crowd, less in a hurry? V . . Then, at length; the ocean-linep was along side, and one amongst the host of landsmen and landawomen scanned7 the line' of faces which leaned over; the taffrail, and- then" forward to amidships; but there was no sign of the faoe" hesought. What if Marian were not aboard f How should he bear! the disappointment, ? So soon as the little bridge was thrown across George was one of' the first to get on deck. Looking to right and left of him, George walked to and. fro amongst the passengers. He must " ask somebody — yet whom?— they were all either1 eagerly talking amongst themselves;'; or equally engaged, in looking for people. ' When at lengtb he did venture to ask, he found he . had enquired of one who, like himself, had just come aboard, at which they both laughed. Then he had the took to run aoross the purser, -and was told that there was a Miss Gonisby aboard. . . Now, what a .quiokening of the pulse— what a rush of the blood ! Marian was really there' \- — on this same ship7 as . he stood upon. Sorely she would be on deck, he thought ; but Marian had a few moments before gone down to the saloon. Perhaps there was a great lump in her throat ; perhaps she wished to avoid the bustle and- orowd of the deck. Perchance, some instfoqt ' told her it would be better to be a little apart" if her ' lover sought her She realised how very much alone she was. She had' come -very far to him ; she would, withdraw a little now— it was just womanly— and she sat down and felt the throbbing of her heart. . 4 If he is here he will soon find me; . Oh, how trying the moment. . Ho does not come. . Perhaps , he was not advised of the steamer being signalled, . Fifty things coull keep him . I will go above; . . No, I will sit still a minute longer. . I am positively the . only soul -Id this big saloon. .. How odd it' looks — even ridicu lous. . I am sure if does. . I will go above.!' Marian was proceeding with this intent,', when -whistling as he 03 -re— George : knew it was a feigned whistle, just as the big boy who is not afraid of ghosts knows he .is humbugging when he whistles for Compaiiy in a. lonely spot— there he came, tripping down the companion way— : 4 George 1' ; '- 4 Marie, deai Marie !' . ' Her surcharged hearfc" Was . so "full; : his arms were about "her waist , and neok and there was no'one to come- between' Sie' emotions are as tho pump of the affeofiohs, and in great grief or joy-with women, the ' windows of the soul' let forth the fountain of the heart. ,J ' ' -v Marian, my love, look up I'. safd Geofge/ but' she nestled the closer tp himj And: sbbbed ' oonvnlsiv- ly ,dn his shoulder. ; ; Not till she could look at him steadily did she raise her tear stained face to bis. and he kissed it again and again until he declared he tasted the sal.ness of the tears' J , . 4 You. are fresh from the sea— a regular salt! But oome, darling, is there any trouble P' 4 Forgive me, George) these were not tears of trouble but of joy. I know' ft is very foolish, but I really'- could hot help it; . Yet I have had trouble— great trouble and grief, George,' Tell me all about it, dearest.' . He led her to a seat, look -d steadily into her. eyes, and read, there t'rao e« of y' what Marian had experienced upon the-'"voyage. \- 4 You do not ask for my father, George P- That is bad manners I admit, love ; ' but you will believe ine when. I say I had no thought for a Roul on eirth but you; Marie and I'm really thankful ro the governor ior this respite. How is he P' 'Tuu will neveri see him 'mdire, George. He is deud ' ' ' Tbur father is dead P , Good heavens you -surprise mo !' , . ' ' . . Then t she ' told him the story of Mr .Gonisby s illness and death and burial in the Red Sea. ' And George took Marian again in his arnis, and kissed and' caressed her ; and be was too disingenuous to be other than devoutly thankful that a great peace and rest and surety had fallen upon them. For Heaven itself seemed to have, removed the hand that so long had withheld the woman he longed to oall his own. They were speeding in the train to their old home. What if there were enrious eyes ? What if George was seen by com- panions who knew him, but whom he never saw? There are times when we" walk npon air, when enr spirits soar as in the lofty flight of. the eagle, and the little commonplace things of time and sense pass unperceived. By the time they reached Prahran George had lived, as it were, through an epitome of his loved one a life from the time they left London to the arrival that morning. It seemed to him there i was Rttte to . tell of himself. The ! Windden affairs, momentous as they had . beenj.8inoerthe;.departure, of the Goni|byi8, ) appeared to him uniyorthy ; , of .; mention ' alongside the smallest details' effecting any part of Marian's life siuoehev had said ; good-bye. "So; he told Marian when ahe repeated the request 4 Now tell ine about yourselves, .George?' V ; They were at The Whiddens home-. . . 'Dear old plaoe ! And there is Lilian !'. exolaimed Marian , as' Miss Whidden oame eagerly oat to meet them, ' '.Weloome, s thousand weloomes home, Marian-' i 4 Thank ypd): darling Lil, von, are right— this indeed is hpme, or but three doors off,' and . they kissed : and kissed and embraoed upon the pathway with unaffected heart iness. - j Do' not make even that , reservation,' replied George; having referenoe to the 'three doors': away from 'Fairleigh.'- 4 1 -guess yon will be quite at home/ and he led her into the hbuBa to present her in trinmph to Lady Whidden, whose weloome to Marian ' was no less qordial; ' . Having to hnrry to his duties in the oity, Qeorge reluotkntly tore himself a way, leav ,iug Marian wltfi his mother aud two sisterp, whose oondolences with Marian's bereave ment were mingled with felioitationa that ishe was oiiCe again safely ; with- them, iiurihg the day, too, oame Annt Zinny, by whose more-effusive deaionstration of dplighfc, sympathy and concern Marian was well- nigh overwhelmed; r ! 4 Sqre,' child, you are just the' same, though sobered,' ana kept on saymg ; 4 but little wonder) for you - have come through trial and tribulation. Thank the Lord that you are safely bsok With us, and we shall nsver - let yon go again ; andryonr.. poor. papatq think that we shall never see =fiim again-! - ut he was a good and upright and kuid man, and you are his only ohild.' " This latter was said with a perceptible accent of consolation, after the prudenoe ot the worldly-wise, whioh Marian understood, as she also understood that good Aunt Zinny .derived honest .pleasure from the thought that at last, enAfltwas said, and done, her foster lamb W'as well provided for. : Marian did: not undeceive her, nor: say aught of the qrnel wrong tkat hhd been done her in the matter of the will, j' 'T was not till George returned, and then late in the evening when they had spent many . hours .. together, . and Marian- had retailed manyrohapters of absorbing interest, to her lover, .that.Kshe oame ;to that part afieotiog her worldly prospects. 4 And now, George, I have something to tell -yon which yon have a right to1 know- It will shook you very much; l aid afraid.' We have grown rather. used to shocks— fidauCial shocks in particularism tbeae parts since yod left, dear.' He said, this with a sort of infuitioniof what was oomiag. 4 You ' have gnesBed something sorely, George, bat you have h-?rdly guessed the truth. My father before we left England made a will which entirelydisinherited me V 4 That- was unfair, cruel to . you ; : but, darling,' and he held her"oJoaely to him, 4 don't yon give two thonghtsJjo. it, so far as I am ooncerned. You are here, and yon are to be mine — my own, love— and T am more than satisfied. . It Is better that yon should" not be rich while l am poor.- I should feel it badly, I assure .you. Now we are on eqaal terms. We are young, and the world is fai-ly before ns.: l oan keep ybu comfort ably,! trust, though not in affluence. . . You really will be mine, darling P' 4 Need you ask ?' - v . ' It seems too good to be true. I am positively beside myself with the joy of it !' . 4 George, there is one thing more I have to tefl,' and Marian then recounted the making of a new will at the .last moment, whioh bat needed the signature to complete the total reotifioation of the wrong that had been done, 4 That was 4 tcuoh and go' for a fortnne and no mistake,' exolaimed the happy lover. 4 But tell me, Marian, that you do not mind —that yon will not let this trouble you when Oil else is now plain sailing in front of us P' 4 1 really have not troubled about, it, George. I oan, I think, iqncatly say I am; hot mercenary, yet it doed'eem rather hard, - and I am sorry for youigaie !' " 4 Then you must not be«rl will not allow it!' . ; . " "" 'The captain and the doctor were very, yery kind. They quite, interested themselves in ;me wh6n theyumderdtood howhaattera Rtopd, and the qaptain ;;tqldr! ma when at Coiombo—I am snreT did' hot' iyishhim-itb doit— that he had written an acoonnt. of the,, whole affnir to nnele Gonisby, whom hq thinks— but I do not count on anything It is the better way — is it not,deal' ?, 4 Quite the better way.7 darling.' ;'\ Xour unole stands as the heir, and . wiil . inherit your father's wealth.; - But we shall never trouble him, take my' 'word for it. I am far richer than he in having you, darling It was lover's talk, and they were not inter rupted. If the lost thousands was the pribe 'of their freed om thus to love ahd wed, they counted they had thebest of the bargain ; they grudged not the loss of "the gold in the plenitude of their love. 4.I am more glad than I can say that, yon take it so, 'Gqorge. ' It is; :the ' final proof— if proof were/ wanting —of three years of devotion— what ' the commeroial, money- worshipping world would oall the final and clinching test,' ' 'Teat r ; yo'u ialk wide 6? the mark), tqy,, love. You' fprget youraeli ! You" dbi lnbt know yourself !— as though' any feitow, any 'man in Australia, wonld want any. sort of bribe along with isuoh a' pearlfor aire you not beyond all price?' : " 4 WilTyou always think so,. jSPeorge.?' . 4 It will be my fault if 1- do not. . . Marie, do you know that there is. a wonder- : < ful, big, beautiful difference in yon !' 4 A difference?'-. . .. ... . ; . ' Yes, yon are ohanged-nqtih appear anoe, aoaroely any atall— but in "manner. Yon »"emember— do you? — that never, for two minutes would you let me. hold yon in my arius ; though 1 felt yon loved me, yet yon were always so — so soared— so unj ieldingi— ' . 'fWell, if you let me go a" little— I shall not ran away — there !—l may -explain .this 1 subtle change that you arqeased'to notihe.- .' : I am changed. Be euip", George, iybia: do not see more than I feel it. . In ihoae far- off days! was fighting manW in vpUd battles > — fighting self, fighting,, pqjudipe, warring wii)i traditions ; and heaviest of all to! bear' up against was my poor fatheris bitterness— - but you' know ab'optihat, George?.' : ' . (To be boiub&i.;).l % 