THE WINNING OF A HEART. By Alice Furlong, in "M.A.P." Along the broad corridor leading to the drawing-room of the old house that had been her home for as many years as she could remember, Geraldine Ashlyn came ewcoping through i.he dusk, with her peculiar undulating movement that suggested in Ms easy grace the flow of a s:«-wav<?. Without, amid 'leaf- clroppiin-g trees Qnd n»lf.t-«wrapt hills, the evening slowly dark ened in fog ami rain. Within. Hie shadows, ever growing deeper, spread out from the comers where the day hud laid them, as evil Bp>irt'Ui are laid by prayer, ovcrt:rer>l the gray -twilight like gathering ghosts, and peeped and peered a>t-the glowing flreo with stealthy glances, as things <lbat feared the light might do. " I was thinking oi goiiiß to helj» you to find your copy of 'Spenser,' Miss Ashlyu," MM Roger Hammond, a house-guest, rising from his chair to greet her as she entered the drawing-room. " 'Has your queit been successful ?" The girl smiled taiotly, and paused on her way 'toward* him. " I did not even succeed in looking for it," she said, in a very aweet and measured voice. " I forgot ail about lt> when I found my«elif alone in the diark old library, and oouM think of nothing but my poor father." ** You ithioflc too much," #am*rke<l Roger, as he pulled* big chair to the fire aud pro ceeded to arrange the cushions with a view to Oerakline's comfort. " Come fcore and sit down and let me advise you." His tour w«s somewhat jplendtog, his blue eyes soft en*! as be spoke. TnYoluntjarily ishe drew fcack a little, and staod gasing at him In silence. A certain hard expression of reserve settled lfke a shadow on her free—« clear-cut, patrkian face. though too worn and pale to bo beauti ful in any eyes save eyes that loved it. ♦'I'm a ted subject for advice,": she said, with an odd rastrairilt ju her voice. " And, in any case, we should not have lime for d serious talk." (Roger Hammond had made no suggestion of such a thing, aud was a iftftte surprised, not to «ay alarmed, when he found Miss Ashlyn dealing with his un spoken desire, just as if he tad laid it be fore her for hep consideration.) " Mamma and Nona wtill be here in a few minutes ; and I see Nellie tee brought in the»teapot." As Roger wtss about to speak, Mrs. Ashlyn arrived. She was a tall, white-haired old woman, a fainter, paler, more withered re flex of her elder daughter, Oeraldlne. '7 Where to Nora 1" she asked, accepting the Iblg chair Miss Ashlyn-had refused, and marling kindly on Roger's attentions. " ThanV», Roger. One lump of sugar, pHfcse. You are alwiays so careful of me. Where ta Norn ?" Nora, the pet and darling, came in goon; a pretty blonde maiden, with a ruddy mouth and a wondrous transparent complexion of rose and lily. " I'm 00 glad tea is not over. I raced from the avenue gate," she said. She slipped down gracefully on her. knees be side her mother, and leaning her amne on 'the edge of the chair, looked up tenderly 1n)to Che wan face under the widow's cap. " Where did you bide yourself from me Hhe whole day since luncheon, you sly old womfan ?" she queried saucily. " I searched for you etverywhero. to take you for a walk 'througii tine nice- damp grass—a good chilly walk, with a cold rain spitting sideways at you, and- an angry wilnd slapping at your sklrks. and tugging at your bat—k would ihave been a bonnet in your case, of course. That is the thing to make you enjoy the comfort of a warm fire w<hen you come in." V Cook and I were looking over our pre served in tahe storeroom, dear; we were afraid oi mast," said Mrs. Ashlyn, stroking the curling hair rather nervously. She flushed slightly aie she spoke. Equivocation irva'3 albhorrent ito 'her soul, and yet, could she confess that ehe had absented herself from the company of her daughters in order to throw one or oiher of them into the society of her rich"and unmarried guest ? "I could not get either of that lazy pair to come with me." pursued Nora. "Mr. Hammond said he was going to read 'Spen ser' for Ceraldine, and she advised me to stay Jb ami listen, too. Oh, Ger, like a dear, .give me « great 'big cup ! I'm so thirsty." She settled herself morie com for t a>bly at her mother's feet, and began sipping the fragrant tea. In spite of his al>soi(blng Interest fa the elder sister. Hammond "was powerfully at tracted by Nora. How her beauty charmed him, her pretty ways were a constant de light to him, and her childishness flattered his man's sense of superior wisdom. Just as Geraldine's quick insight sometimes Jarred on hie man's notion of keeping his mind to himself. Oeraldlne, presiding over the teacups In the semi-dark region of the drawing-room be yond 'the red glow Of the firelight, felt hurt and angry at the innocent cheerfulness of the group by the hearth. She was aching for the handsome father mouldering into dust in the dark under the churchyard, away on the moor. How could they forget so soon ! " I hope you hare changed your mind about leaving to-morrow, Roger ?" Mrs. Asnlyn -was saying, meanwhile. "2<ed la co lonely here." CNed was the son—and heir, had there been anything to inherit.) "One man in « dull country house with three women for company, is an object of commiseration, you know." " But his leave expires to- morrow, does It not ?" a&ed; Roger. "He rode into the town to-day to see the Colonel to Mk for an extension of leave." said Gerattßae out of the shadows. " Harry ! 'Clifford wrote that he would run down in a day or.two, if Ned got leave to stay. " He is, very I<rad of Ned." "Isn't It queer that he never turned up here sjnee papa's funeral ?" said Nora musingly. •' He used to come such a lot here lasfsTTmmer." Geraldiue away Jn the dark clenched he* hands tightly. "He said,in his letter that he would like ' to pay a visit to the old house before -we left it," remarked Mrs. Ashlyn with a sigh. " Don'ii cry about It, mammy dear," ex- ! claimed Norn. *• I'll sell myself to the first rich -old man that comes along, and ibuy back the estate for you." " (Rather hard on the rich, old 'man, eh ?" said "Roger, laughing. /'.Ob, no." Nora looked up at liini wh.b (bright, Innocent eyes. " You know I would get awfully-^ond of him'—couldn't help it If he wore awfully fond of me." *'Tafce my advice and don't sell yourself to anybody for anything." said Geraldine, from the window recess in which she -now stood, a slim, dark figure outlined against the dusk beyond. " It's v bargain that is fair to no one concerned. But hero is 'Ned riding up. I wonder what news dots he 'bring us ? " fin a few moments her brother made his entry. " The regiment leaves "for Chester to morrow," he announced. "But I need not jtoiu them uutil next week—and I'm starving 'for dinner." tScxt morning fog and rain had disap peared. The heather-purpled hills towered : large and clear into a. luminous eky. The woods. caugbu gleams of ruddy lire on their lboughs.of rueset and yellow, 'in the heart of 'the old J.horn« standing in clusters about the lawns the robins piped on their little silver flutes. There was a meet to be held some four or flvo miles distant, and after breakfast 'the two gentlemen rode away to attend it —fflfager looking very tall and straight and handsome In bis scarlet hunting coat. " That man would make au ideal hus band," remarked (Mrs. Ashlyn, when the ladies bad settled down to their work in the morning-room. Geraldine looked up from her embroidery, the corners of her mouth «et hard. ■ " It's no use, mamma." she said reso lutely. " I want no ideal hiuftand. I my self know the kind of husband who would tfce suitable for me to have—and Roger HtaMtfond does not fit in. Besides he would almost as 8090 have Nora." Mora bad (led from tho impending di§* evasion, and had gone to scatter crumbs on the terrace for the birdsj " 1 don't mind which of you It Is, dear," murmured Mrs. Ashlyn. meekly resigned. " But I want to save you both' from poverty;, I think you do got know what poverty is, Oer." "1 know there are many worse things." said Geraldine, her gray eyes brightening iy her earnestness. " And a, mercenary' mar riage is one of them." "No one need marry Roger Hammond for mercenary reasons only," contended Mrs. Asnlyn. " Roger, is a most lovable fellow/" "Taking the world all round, there are very few people who are not lovable," said Cteraldine shortly. Then, interpreting the .lqok on her mother's face, she added with sharp bitterness—" except myself, of course.'' . "I have not said so, Ger," said Mrs. Ash lyn, almost pleadingly. " No," retorted Geraldine, In the same re pellant 'tone, her sensHhreness still smart ing. " But you thought it all the same." Bhe gathered up her work, and was about to leave (he room, whether sister came run ning in. ■■ ! , " Mamma, Harry Clifford is in the draw ing-room." \ "While the other two women were making hasty arrangements for anticipating the luncheon hour in favour of the newcomer, Geraldine slipped away to meet him. ■ He was sitting in the sunny room with bis •back turned to the door that stood ajar, and so was unaware of the girl's quiet'entrance until she came behind him and, laying her clinging little hands upon bis shoulders, bent her face very close to his ear. "My darling !" she whispered. Xo cold ness, no hardness, no restraint now. Her eyes were full of unutterable tenderness. The man drew bis face back from her kiss, drew his shoulders away from her touch, stood up, and recoiled from her with an almost visible repulsion. " Ah, Geraldine. you know this Is wretchedly foolish," he said, in tone ol troubled remonstrance. " I —l did not know you were at home or I would not have come." iHe was pacing to and fro over the soft carpet, casting half-watchful, half-appeal ing glances at her from under his knitted (brows. • • \\. Iohe still remalined standing bebind the chair • he bad vacated, Her hands clasped (close together on the bar, her eyes de vouring him from head to foot. She was 'fata to kneel down and worship him, this fasbionaMy-dressed young man, with the •Grecian face, and the clear pallor, and selfish, beautiful mouth. ". You know it's all nonsense, Ger/' he pursued pitilessly. ■ (Ate fee uttered the familiar pet-name, her ibrowe contracted in the keen anguish of Hue happier memories it recalled. ".All nonsense," he repeated. " Things are changed. And, Indeed, I think yonr fatbher treated you all «hame*ully " She stopped with an imploring gesture. "Oh, wel), I'll say nothing of that if it hurts you, my poor girl. But all the same It 4s deuced bard on us men. One would have thought that you girls had the Bank of England at your bade to listen to—" " Ob, Harry, you are killing me !" she moaned, drooping her face upon her hands. " Good heavens ! Thts Is too bad," he sa!ld testily. "Look, Ger, I'm horribly sorry I ever came near you—horribly sorry I came here to-day—indeed, I shouldn't have done so only I heard you had gone away, and I took the opportunity of coming. One must keep up the appearances, you understand " *• All, my God ! my God ! my God !"_she whispered under her breath, swaying a little in i»er agony. " Ger, Ger ! Here's some one coming. For he»veif 3 sake, calm yourself!" he im plored, drawing nearer to neiw Bfce frfted her tmoe. and confronted hint wHBi strained, tetorless eyes. " Don't be afraid ! I can be quite oala|.. And so this is why you stayed away ? Thi» is why—oh, Harry " Tier voice lost itii measured sweetness and became broken and •wild, she stretched out her arms appeal* ing]y to him—" dh, Harry. I wanted you sojul that time—that dreadful time !" " Yes—yes. Don't look heartbroken.'» If hurt his comfort to see her so. " You know there are better men than I. Ger." He put his ami about her wilh a feint of tcudernefia, feeling it incumbent on him to console her somehow. She knew it wa» but au assumption of kindness ; ahe knew that his love-makiug of last summer hatf been but a travesty of love-making ; ' Bhe know that her insrght, elsewhere vlear and. true, .had been here hopelessly at fault here, where its redtitude Was of vital import. Yet she telt no anger against this worldly mhn, no desire to re-proacfli him with sting lug. biiter words*. He had deceived her, he was flaan even now to deceive her, but the strength of .loving thoit underlay her chill reserve was able to endure this 'uttermost humiliation, and live on. She duns to hLm.passionately. " I want no beliler man. Ifarry. I want you. you. My own darling, I love you so terribly !" she drew his head down against her bosom at< she spoke tihe piteous words. <His face changed suddenly. lit grew drawn and wftlte and unfamiliar in its look of startled pain. All at once, in a flash of knowledge, keen and piercing ixs the Itaan of ligittning. he had realised the desperate wrong he had half-imwi-ftingly, done to this hapless girl. " IMIy God ! What am I to do ?" he cried hoarsely. "Can't you »co my hands ore tied, Uer. 1 can't marry on a hundred a year ? lam handicapped by any—any in fernal ibeggary." 'He- pushed. her from him roughly. He dared not let himself be overwhelmed by this agony of pity that was sweeping ove« him like an irresistible sea. In Che pause that ensued before either" was capable of further speech Nora came tripping in. " Wfctot axe you two so earnest about ?" she asked smiliugly. " I could hear your voice*—your roteea, not your words—oe I came along." The tiwo were Mill standing very near each other. WHih an instinct of seVf->preßer<ro tion Clifford moved away. Geraldiue nener. stirred. "We were talking of pai>a—ai* otlieP thing* of (he old da-ye." she answered quietly " ©y-the-w&y.; i 3 it not near luncheon time ?•' Harry Clifford stared at her in amaxetnent. Her face was calm and cold, her manner perfectly emy. as she stood looking at her. slater. Wm her emotion of a moment ago no more than a pretence ? Somehow the thought struck oold upon his heart. ' Ju1* then they were summoned to luncheon ; And, when tihe meal had beea diecuß^ed, Mm. Ashlyn, Nora, and Harry Clifford"sbrolled out into the park, GeraWHtte hersoVf on ttae plea of some nece* fliry I«uer- writing to be done. A feint sweet aroma of dyiagXeavas stole-. from the damp wood* close at hand. The goMamer spun H« fairy thread* in glJateoljag' nets about the mossy gnws in the greeu parterre, where a peacock swept to and fro his proud little ahead set aslant to watch <the light* gloaming and burning on hi» dftdettcent rUunttige. In the clefu of tiho far <vway bills the groves glowed like beacon* tires. The two young people, having found a Sheltered seat in the sunny garden for Mrs. A«hlyn, took their way into the thicket where the azure mist lurked In every shady UoHow. " And how are you going to manage, Nora ?" said Harry, as they paced the wood land path. Nora shook her golden head dolorously. . " Bverytfring to In an awful mew. Of f course, you have heard it hat. We are swamped in ddM. Really lam almost ner-,, vous of plucking a flower lost it has been mortgaged." " You slKHild get married, Nora,", said Harry, laughing a little. "Yes. I know I should," said Nora, w>ith frank seriousness. " And I would if I got tho dhance. I don't mind' saying this to you, Harry. You're such an old friend ot the family, and we always were so fond of you." Harry winced, feeling himself a terribte traitor. " Now there's Ger." Nora went on plain tively. " She Is Just awful. Roger Ham mond—the man with the big estate down in. Wiltshire—ls dying about her"—Harry found himself frowning involuntarily—" and sho looks so uncomfortable when he is near her. and is so horribly uncivil to him. that, really, if I jwere he I would not sit In the same room with her " "Perhaps he does "riot recognise it as in civility ?" suggested Harry. . ' " I suppose not. Men are so stupid—as a' rule, Harry. I don't include you, of course," Nora said, smilingly. " But about Ger. She tells me, when she does con descend to speak about things to me, which is a rare occurrence, that she considers it very wrong to' give even slight encourage ment when you don't mean it honestly. Ah ! Ger is very good if she were not so proud and reserved." Proud and reserved ! Poor Ger—not so he knew her ! Harry felt something rising in his throat and choking him. •' I wish to goodness that some one &3 nice as Roger would fall in love with me," said Nora. " Harry, do you think you could reach tip to pluck me some of those red berries." Within the lamp-lit drawing-room the fire blazed merrily. Mrs. Ashlyn sat in her own big chair, her son by her side. They were discuss* ng the future gravely, yet hopefully. " Roger, like the honest old chap that he Is. would have no refusal," Ned was saying. " And when I warned him that he would be a long time out of his money, ho laughed, and Bald perhaps he would accept payment in kind. I Buppose he must mean " Ned paused and nodded his head in the direction of the chess-table, where Roger Hammond sat playing with Nora—looking oftener at hi 3 pretty partner than his mea, and oftener at his men than at the pal** faced girl standing in her favourite recess} of the oriel window, discussing the KitMn tion in tbp TniHvaal with Harry CUffwit * " Look, Geraldine, the moon is rising. Will you take me round'the garden, as 'you used to do last'summer ?" said Harry, sud denly stopping in the middle of a tirade against the Government, forgetting all about the Transvaal. She caught her breath with a little gasp.' Her'gray eyes dilated darkly.. "Do come Ger," he urged, earnestly. ••- Out in the-garden the light was lying Jn * dim sHyer mist. The last wallflowers •xhaled a full, soft fragrance on the wind less air. There was no chill, no hint of frost. A dreamy,' delicious sense of rest was abroad with the magic of the moonlight. " Gor," I want you to forgive me every thing," Harry said abruptly, taking her two band in his. She did not lift her eyes to him. " You know that I forgive you," she said, tremblingly. " I suppose you bate me now, Ger," he went on, yet drawing her nearer. "Do you altogether hate me, Geraldine ?" She shook her head. " Will you take me, Ger ?" His heart seemed to stop beating as he waited for her annwer. ' She spoke no word, but hid her face upon his breast, as he caught her to him -with a thrill of rapture. 