Two Distinguished Exiles. Sometimes you will meet men who bring up scenes that are of the past and are almost forgotten. They bring up old memories—old ghosts of the past, as it were. It is but a short time ago that I saw Oakey TT<J1, in London, and what recollections of New York under the reign of Tweed he brought up I Those were great days for Trull 3 and fox men who were a great deal worse than he. "What a fellow of infinite jest he was, and what a bright spot he made the Mayors office in New York some twenty years ago. The older newspaper men, politicians and men about town will long remember its attractiveless. He .would have been a rash man in those days who would have attempt* ed to prophecy the height in the temple of fame to which this brilliant and tritty man might not climb. What prophet could foresee that this gifted and once popular man was to pass the evening of his life practically in exile in aa foreign land, leaving behind him on the field of his early triumphs nothing but shattered ambitions. Yet this was to be. In a email cafe in a somewhat unfrequented part of Paris the other day I saw another man who recalled a case the fame of -which was world-wide. He was sitting at a table, seemingly buried in thought of a not pleasant character and oblivious of his surroundings. He > had an intelleclnial face, but pnit there were deep lines that told of past sufferings. His long hair was gray—prematurely gray. His shoulders were oenfc, and there was a moody, brooding look on his face. But he was evidentlya, tall man, and some years ago must have * been a'handsome man. As hie sat at the - table he looked like a strong man borne down by the memory of some great sor-: sow^of the past. Presently he arose and -walked out without looking to the right or the left, and then X recognized Mm, although it *, has been years since I saw him before. ' It "was' Theodore Tilton, the once famous editor of the New York Independent But how changed. In the , days of his popularity, tall, arect, % strong and handsome; now a broken, prematurely old man. He is doing some sort of literary work here,. but no one seems Jo kno.w_. jupt„what it is. I could not but think, after seeing the inan,' %h&t; the ^scandal in which this. ' inan's life "was wrecked 'was more'than » mere seandsk ! It -was, in. fact, a ', tragedy. *£he circle fef the -chief actops in it is narrowing. The greatest of r them is . dead, BO are others, ataong : them some of the lawyers and several of the jury. 'One of the lawyers, Benjamin F. Tracy, is in the Cabinet bf Mrs-i -Eilton is more fortunately situ-'' ated than her husband, for she has the &>mp&ny;'kncl sympathy of her children. But Theodore Tilton haunts out-of-theway places in Paris, seeking neither Criends nor friendshipe, a miserable and broken ma« r ' T • - 