infuM. CRY. . - ... I I, . I "V _ t . ' ' .v PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL AEBANQEMENr. BY RICHARD MARSH, Author of "Tho Beetle : A Mystery/' "Tho Crimo nnd tho Criminal," "The Datche Diamonds," "Mrs. Musnwo and her Husband," "The "Woman with One Hand,":&c.;, &o.; copyright. j - SniFfBR VII. MCaniinued.) (fSftto GAIN HE B M took up tho /ain&k; chisel, nnd A fSb nce moro applied its ed go to the aido of the box. It was frightful how weak ho was. The silly shock he had received had left his nerves in a stato of uncomfortable ten- sum. Tie was trem bling all over. Such was his cxhuiLStion that lie could put forth no strength ut nil, not even to make a feint of driving the tool's cuUitig edgo into tho wood. And tho whole timo his thoughts were at tho othor end of tho box— ho did not wish that it should bo so, but it was. Presently something olsn occurred to him, that there was a peculiar odour in tho obest. It spoko volumes as to his condition, to say that ho hud nob noticed it before. His sense of smell was almost unnaturally keen. Thnt he lmd boon unable, on occasion, to oscapo from disagrceahlo perfumes had been, for him, one of tho most disagreeable charac teristics of tho vagrant life whioh ho bud Jed. And there was a peculiar odour, of that there could be no doubt whatever. Now tlmt it had become perceptible, it took his nostrils by 4Vovm. It seemed to him that in it thero was something ominous, aheu, repulsive. In it, too, thero was something familiar, an association with an experience .which had, to say the least, been intensely disagreeable. Was it possible that tho thing at tho bottom of tho box had been alive, and "was dead, in a srato of partial decay ? With a sort of gruesome curiosity ho put mtr. his foot to feel again. "What could the object bo ? It seemed to be of a rounded form, and distinctly soft. The more ho pressed tho %more it yielded. v It moved ! And ho moved too! withdraw ing his foot, so far as ho was able, with a kind of spasmodic instinct. This timo thoro was no mistake, tho thing had been certain, tho movement definite, distinct, though oven now bo felt that, about it, thero had been some thing unusual, odd. What could tho creature be ? As, with whirling bruin and palsied limbs, ho usked himself the quostiou, ho was conscious tlmt his panic feur was scarcely dignified ; and, with such slight force as still was his, he d id his best to pluy, ut least in some degree, the man. Ho might huvo succeeded, had he had time. Ho was not iu a condition to 'recover . from a shock upon tho instant ; and, when the shock became a continuous, an increasing one, recovery, even of tbe most partial kind, was altogether out of tho question. Tho fow re maining dregs of his manhood oozed clean out ; there was nothing left to lum hut his shivering carcase. Tho creature at tho other end of tho box was roused at last; and, being roused, was apparently unwilling any longer to remain dormant. It kept on moving, though its companion iu ountivity could neither feel nor hear it indeed, the perfect stillness of its movements was not its least unpleasant features. It touched liis boot; it was udvanoing from its end of tho box to his. It not only touched his boot, it climbed on it, with a curious gliding motion which held him paralysed with horror. It advanced along his trousorod leg, and yet he folt it still upon bis hoot. Ho knew what it was now, it was a snako ! And. with the Icuowlcdge, he broke into shriek after sluiolr, und writhed and twisted, almost aftor the fashion of the reptile ut his foot, us if ho sought, by his sheer contortion, to got out of tho box. But, after nil, his power to shriek, liko tho rest of his powers, was small, and, soon, he was still, perforce. He lay shaking us with ague, as pitiable uu object, if Howurd Shupeott's ghost wuq there to act as witness, us that gentleman's eyes had evor lighted on. The suuke, as if startled by its companion's erics, continued for tbo moment still, but, so soon us tbe man ueuscd, it resumed its move ments. Along tho man's body it glided with, seemingly, complete indifference to tho fact that it was a man's body. The sensation was indescribable ; ho never forgot it ; it was always with him afterwards, at tho hack of his memory, needing but 6omo easuul touoh to bring it to tho front. The thing seotned -endless ; its weight wus 110 unconsidered trifle; it was ovidontly a monster of its kiud. . Its head roaobed his ; he folt its breath upon his face ; something brushed against bis ohoek, softly, to and fro, with amazing delicacy of touch; — it was tho creature's tongue. -He knew ouough to bo aware, even in bis state of partial brain paralysis, that tho popular uotiou that a serpent's poison is secreted in its tongue is born of ignorance; but, at auy moment, tho tonguo might bo exchanged for tho poison fuugs, those finoly pointed instru ments which prick, at tunes, so slightly tlmt a anuu need not be conscious of their contaot until death is upon him. Whether or not the creature, then, did more than salute him with its fondling tongue, be could not toll. Presently he ceased to feci its breath upon his aliceks. It continued its progress, passing down over his different features, and arranging itself, slowly, methodically, in a series of apparoutly innumerable coils between his faco and tho boles in front of the chest. It had placed itself directly iu his lino of vision, ho that it obscured tho greater part of the small amount of light which found its way into ,tbo box, and thero it remained quiet. For some timo bo continued in a stato of physieal and mental stupor ; it was only after a considerable interval that, venturing to open bis eyes, he perceived that the creature hud darkened tho light. He realised its propinquity with feelings so intense asto. bb almost equivnlont to a total ubsence of seneu- tion. , By degrees questions began to shape themselves, vaguely, in. his brain. Since it proposed to remain wliero it was, what was its purpose? . Was it watching him ? playing with him like a cat with a mouse, waiting for tho moment which suited it best, to striko— and to striko home ? Or lmd it relapsed into torpor? Ho imagined that be could ses its eyes, wide open, unblinking, glinting at him through tho darkness. His right leg was cramped. In tho first .sharp twinge thero was an iuvoluntary move ment of the muscles. Tho reptile seemed to pay no heed. As.thepain increased ho made a moro vigorous effort to obtain relief. Still it evinced no symptoms of disturbance. . In his agony ho shook ic, extending tho limb to its utmost length, for the muscles were twisted into knots, Yet his companion remained motionless. While he was still, being afflicted by his latest enemy he heard a sound without — tho sound of heavy footsteps comibg up the stairs. They came into tho room. Iu a moment, in his dolight at being within roaoh of human succour, careless of what the consequences of discovery might ho, he ruised his arm and struck us bard as ho could against tho lid of tho box. A human voice replied to tho signal. ' " Hullo, Jennie, is tlmt you?/ ; ; "No, it's mo ! " TJicre was a pause, perhaps expressive of tho nowcotner's astonishment. Thon the samo voice again, ouly drier, "Oh, it's you, is it? And who aro' you? And what the devil do you mean by being in mychosfc?" ' Open the lid ; lot me out." - " Yon let yourself in, I suppose you can let yourself out." "I can't. It'slockbd." " 11 Locked,- is it ? . Then whore's tho key?" "I don't know." Tho newcomer had ovidoutly approached the box, and judging from his next ro- mark, was apparently realising, with miugled foeliugs, the absence of the key. Ho tried tho lid once or twice, to satisfy himself that it was aotualiy looked. " Well, this is a queer caper. It is locked ; then who locked it.? You couldn't hardly bavo douc it frum tho iusido, and what were you up to to let anyono else do it when you1 were inside ? And where's tho key?" "I tell y.ou again that I don't know. For heaven's sake do let me out !" ' " There you are, piling on the ooal! Go soft ! Lot's take things in their propor turns. First. of all, where's Jennie? ' IE you've hurt her by so much us a pin prick, I'll leuvo you inside until your bones are bleached." "Do you mean the snake ?" " Ot course I mean the suuke ; and you're right in using tho definite article, the snako. She's tho finest snake this world has -seom And where's my- beautiful ?' " The snake is here." . "Have you laid 011 her a hurtful hand?" " God forbid." "Right. again — God forbid. I'd havo hurt you if you had. . So it seems that you're in luck. . It's something , to havo a companion, oven when you're shut up in a box— I speak from my ; own personal experionco ; and when it's a lovely creature like my Jennie why that's something lilte, that is." The gentlemuu was silent. Ho felt that the speaker had a .point of view of las own. Ho was beginniug to wonder if he had been sent to complete the process of driving him mad. . "Now that tho first and most . important point is in order, wo'Jl pass 011 to tho next. What about opening tho chest? How urn I going to lot you out without tho key ?" "Force the lid.". > "Yes, that's all very well for you, but how about mo ? Forcing the lid won't improve tho property. Who's going to pay for the damages?" 'I have monoy." 'J Oh, you have got monoy, have you P It's a nioo thing to have, -is money; about as comfortable a thing, all things considered, as you very well can nave. If we had more of it, Jennie and me, we'd bo as happy as the days are long, us the sayiug is— ali, and happier. How muoh havo you got?" " I iiad four pounds." " Had ? I had a thousand pounds, and.I'vb had it more than onco ; but, at present, it's behind — that and moro. The question I put to you was not how much you had, but how much you've got just now." ' " I believe I havo the four pounds upon mo now." "Believe? Belief's all right: I'vo soen a lot of belief iu my timo ; and I don't say a word against auyono believing anything. But I liko to know. Don't you know if you'vo got that four pounds ? " "I had it on me lust night, I've every reason to suppose it's on . me now ; but I'm tortured by cramp— half-paralysed — I can't feel to mako euro." "Then am I to understand tlmt any dam- ago I may do to ray chest by forcing open tho lid, you are willing and ready to mako good ?" "Every sou! Only, for God's sake, make haste. If you kuew the ugony I'vo endured, und am enduring, you'd take pity." "Agony! Istnata slur 011 Jennie? Or 011 my chest ? You'vo hud a freo night's lodgings, and the best of company ; I don't know what eUe you wunl." The gentleman groaned. Was tho man a mudmuti ? Or had ho been sout to torment him beforo his timo? Heavy footstops crossed tho floor. " »Someono's boon taking French leave with my tools. There's a cutting chisel, a Hammer, a mallet, a saw, all gone ; they weren't gono lust night." " Isn't there anything olso you can use ?" "No doubt. I might uso the lid of a tea pot, or a tooth pick. Bbt I'm hot proposing to'uso either." "Mako haste, man, do." " What's tho hurry. If, as you say, you'vo been all night in agony, you must; have got used to it by now. What difference does a few minutes moro or less make? I've been .in- agony myself, ah, and for more than one niplit! I speak from personal experieuco." "Aroyouafiond?"- \ ; " May be. Don't know. ; - A; man never docs know till he's been out up for the dootors tu examine : what he is inside's a mystery.. Here's a cold chisel. Shall I use that ? " "Yes." " Seems to me that you'd say ' yes to any thing. If I was to ask- if I should use tho stom of my best pipe you'd say. yes to that. You don't soom to havo no sense, no proper reasoning. However, things hciug as they are. I don't mind making a trial with the cold chisel, just to oblige you." Tho footsteps returned towards tho box. " Now Iuudorstand that for any damage I do to this property— aud . it's valuable pro perty, mind, you, so don't you forget it — I understand, I say, that for any damage I do to this property, on your behalf, and for the purpose of letting you out 6f.it, you'll see me paid." ; fj, : " Yes." . : "That is tho understanding, between gentlemen, aVgentiemon ?" "It is." " Very well. thon. . That's all right, so far as it goes. When I've put. a hit of baccy into my.pipe, nnd. got a light to it, I'll set about tho job." , ' Tho gentleman waited, in hideous expecta tion. Ho seemed to bo an actual witness of . tho production of tho . tobacco and thopipo; of the pipe's loading ; ho heard the scratching of .the. match; ho saw. tho flash; smelt tho perfume of tbo strong tobacco. . Then there cumo the voice again. " That's it ; that's something like, that is the right article. Now I've got tho tasto of- tobacco in my mouth I'm game for anything. Look out in there. I hope, soon, to huvo the pleasure of making your acquaintance, air; the job is boing started.'.' . Iu less than hulf a minute the ohest was open. , .... to.be continued."! ' 