[?] ] ... ? ? ___z„ — ? ? ? — - i LIYE STORY. BO OK III. ONE WOMAN'S WORK CHAPTER XVI. Harold was delighted! — This hegira would relieve bim from respectfully wait , ing to eaoape,(anxiou8 for Flossie's society) while General Everett carried on this interminable history which had even now onlv reached the crossing of tbe North Anna.' General Everett sebmed to stick in the 'Wilderness' diri of his campaigns, and Harold, (essen- tially a man; of peace,) feared that the veteran might wander there for forty years like the Israelites. ' At tbis rate he won't take.Richmond till be is a great grandfather,' sighed Harold to sancy Flossie who said (with an nnusual burst of confidence,) 'Dont mind papa Harold. He makes up these old ghost stories as he goes along. I'll tell you how to escape,' the roguish witch whispered. 1 ?' Tell me then I'll give yon a kiss.' I said the obedient Briton who had already | discarded that famous particolored I ulster jk 'I don't wish the reward, Sir. But |r- - 'get Simpson to bring papa a good mint | jnlepnndyou can always escape while be | drinks it. Hecan'tdrinkand talk at once.' | Harold pondered over a long letter f from his father. 'Ifl could have chosen I for you, myself I could not ba happier.' I She's a rare jolly litte maiden, — your | little Flossie. — Bring her to us as soon as you can.' Three days later, Maxwell, who was forced to run on to New York on busi | ness, was lunching at the University | Club, and an old friend approached. I ' See here, Yinton !' said he, drawing | him aside, '* I want to have you meet | Fenton Dennis. He is world-renowned | as a good fellow, and he has a letter for | yon from De Brissac.' I Aronnd the table the friends spoke of f the rising star of De Brissac. Un J homme tres serieux and a model husband. 1 ',Tell me of the divinity, Maxwell, we 1 . &11 worshipped in Paris as tbe masked » Venus. Do you. know where she is ?' 1 Maxwell's brow was dark, ' God ¥ alono knows, Dennis 1' said he. ' She I is dead.' I Fenton Dennis started. ' Dead ! ^ | That glorious modern Aphrodite.' 1 Maxwell briefly recounted the 1/ ;j hours ,,of the ; marvellously v / 9 woman. He 'breathed freer, as-^§§^f| i that Fe'nton Dennis had not 3r ffl real name, or antecedents y^nerican when I v A a craze for 'absin ySho wa a bom devil, ^nrill of a nightingale, — jud pa«eionate pleading /strowed her own danger / with human wrecks — She K'odjy theory as to toe heartless Jfd coming American women iio- -was— right -the old - sage ^voluptuary. — I believed that he rem arked, 'When in the Devils path we tread P Roman's a thousand steps abead.' By the way did she leave any one to mournt Husband,— brother, — child?' 'Not a soal.' said Maxwell, with a steady eye. 'She was alone in the V world.' She ought to have been. I'm glad she was,' said the old Clnb cynic, as he selected a cigar and bowed his way out. ' The decIasBee American woman stops at nothing. She was only a beautiful fiend from Hell. I thank God she broke no honest man's haart; I had feared she had. That would have been her greatest pride, I fancy.' Fenton Dennis sauntered sway, and as he lifted his hat in courtly salute did not notice Maxwell (with a lump in' his thaoat) thinking of poor Jack Gordon who was to ride down into the fatal valley of the Rosebud the next day. ' One woman's work.' Hera was al most complete. Saturday night. I can nicely reach Fair Oaks for a Sunday dinner. If Jack Gordon were only back, — what a _ jolly double wedding. The Cavalry '^'vTOTOuld carry off all the honors. He will |e here soon, please God. Dear old lad. — — 'tt's hie last scout.' As' Maxwell stepped out of the carriage at Fair Oaks on the sunny Sunday after noon of June 25th, an anxious watcher glided out to m^t him. It was Rose, — bis darling wife. Vinton ! My hnsbBnd ! Thank God, yon are here. Poor Marguerite has had a letter from Captain Gordon, and she is almost dying. There is one for you too, but we dared not opon it. What can it be. She lies moaning ; and the girls ore both frantic. General Everett won't spy a word.' Maxwell folded his wife to his bosom. ' Come along, Little One !' He said witb affected cheerfulness ; ' it will come out right.' — In the Library, General Everett handed Maxwell the letter, with out a word. Harold and hegnsped Maxwell's hand silently. The Captain read, with a sin king heart: ' Folks of Powder, Juno 18tb, 187C. ' Dear Maxwell : — Our wing left camp on the 10th, (Reno in command,) \ and have found the biggest Indian trail \ on the Continent. I fear the worst, and V vre will be in tbe thick of it. The Ind f . ions know all of our plans ; several of tbe guides havo deserted, and tbe Ree acouts are chattering with fear. I would give tny 'Norfolk' to have Buffalo Bill with us to-day. A last express is going ^sek. I flpnd t!-iJ, Wc mny strike them any moment. It's the old thing : j We unite to subsist, and divide to fight, j Just tbe opposite of what we should do. , If we could only get to Crook and Gibbon, we might whip the Indians, for wb would have then, three thousand good men. We are o weak column, between our reserves, and honest old Torry is fighting 8ioux Indians from a steamboat. It is ludicrous. ' Now Maxwell, thesf may be my last words. I don't think we will come to good, Two or three men can ride quicker than seven hundred, and I think that we are practically betrayed. I've left all to Marguerite!, with a reminder to you. Should anything happen, be a brother to my promised wife. The fates seem to de against our union. Tell her that I am, in life and death, hers alone,— and always. '?Yours for the old days, ' John Marshall Goedok. 'P.S. — I have written to Marguerite, j You won't have any news for two weeks. I The enemy are over on the Rosebud and j Big Horn. Fifty' wagon loads of Win- 8 Chester rifles and cartridges have gone up j this summer. Yon know who sends 9 them. I send you my class ring for a j memoral if I should get knocked over. g 'Jaok' When Maxwell raised his eyes Mar guerite Oalhoun (never to be Marguerite Gordon was gazing steadfastly in his eyes. 'Does he write cheerfully?' ' Maxwell looked her in the face and tried to lie. He could not. Let me see the letter.' the White | Lady said as if speaking in a dream. | To be Continued. | 