A ROGUE AND HIS "MONKEY." " It in u moBt extraordinary thing, Mr ScAnmans. but the £500 bank-note I put in to the safe this morning has disappeared." " You don't say ho, sir. l)enr inc. hov ' unfortunate, au<l how unplcasaut for ub all Of course, the kry« havo never left youi possession wince you locked the note up.' 44 Never for a moment, Soloiiian*, said Mr. ltichards, the Manchester lawyer, oh he regarded hib mean-looking chief clerk witli tho utmost perplexity from which suspicion was entirely absent. " It is *|uite bewilder ing. My duplicate set is at home. Besides, I do not see how any thief could get at the Bafe in the daytime, wlieu we arc all bus) around it. The lock does not appear to have been tampered with, tho contents are un disturbed, but the note is gone. " Pardon me. sir, perhaps you never put U in there.al all. Perhaps you will find it in your pockit'book all bafe and sound. M Don't talk foolishness, Solomans," cried his employer crosBly. Nevertheless he drew out his wallet and examined its contents with great deliberation. He searched all hie pockets, end turned out his private desk. *• TuBh!" he exclaimed, "what an ass 1 am] Don't I know quite well that I placed it carefully in ouc of the drawers of the safe, and nowhere else ?'* " Umphl" The clerk ran the tip of his . penholder through his fluffy hair and looked -• dreadfully concerned on his employer's account. " l*et*s take out the drawer," said he with an air of inspiration, "and eee if the note has slipped behind it." This was done, and the interior of the safe taken to pieces ae far as was possible; every nook and corner of the office was cleared out, but the missing " monkey ** — to adopt the phrasoology of " Captain Coe "—was not to be discovered, " It is a mystery," eaid the solicitor gloom \- y jly, aa he sat down exhausted by his exer* •' tions; " and 1 would nothave it occur in this 6 ttce for double the money.' •• Of course you have the number of the note V9 queried Bolomans eagerly. " Just bo. ' Well, we must stop it at once, and—would you like me to call in the police, sir ?" *' Certainly not," returned Mr. Richards \- aharply. " 1 do not for an instant suspect any one here. We must, of course, give in formation to the authorities. But I do not • wish to have any f ubb made. It does not do > | lawyer any good for his clients to hear he has been robbed, or so careless as to loose a valuable document.*' '' Well, sir, I shan't fed comfortable or happy till we find out what has become of it. Why* it is for all the world like a bit of magic." l. "It is beyond my comprehension. But get > ou with those court in the Siwmonds matter. >. : I should like him to have the account in to* morrow." Mr. Richards forgot—or perhaps ignored ; Is the better word in tho connection—^be fact that after returning to the office from r- bis lunoh be invariably fell asleep in his . chair for a good 20 minuteB. It was a mild \- • form of mania with him to stoutly deny that life, ever did anything of the kind. This practice was, of course, well known to Solo tnafis, and on the day in queetion, finding i,';r tilmaelf alone in the office for a few moments lie bad made bfmself pusaessor of the uncou* #qiouii man's , keys. Like a flash he opened tt-Vthe eatp, secured the note, made all again i > ; jsecfiee, and clipped the bunch back into the ; f ; pocket where the attorney always carried it. i In the privacy of bis own apartment that £ight HolomacB.produced the crisp note from .'^riiereiiehad most cunningly hid itabout his person*. " VoaVe * beauty," eaid he, as he flat* ;i toopl U out, " but gold is better looking, ^ gold you will have to be turned into my v XfljflBtty one when the right time comes. You <jo to'the races, for it is only on the : $Ofijr course that you can b& changed with lie placed it In a- small, tightly-fitting tin ■bot-'' TWb ho wrapped In Beveral turns of \- trtl-fWn. .The whole he dropped into a : ^hollow tank, which stood on a ledge just Jmt«&do; his own window. " Kow, tho bobbies can come and search > V here tiB they are blind. They will never v Jbink of looking Into our cistern for a bank irtite," complacently muBed he, as he made 5'£lmself "fetching" for his eveningprora ,®nade at the Gaiety. Solomons allowed a IttJe time to pass before "letting his \- «nonkeyh»ve ft climb for its money." as he tented it In the meanwhile he had become /Confidential with ft couple of sporting mechanics who rcry much preferred to play for something than to work for it It is a fancy not by any means confined to one claw iof the eoolal eoale. i:' « iookhfire," said he one evening to this "Swaleand Huggins bynames, "ifyou ' two like to go to the raws to-morrow I can put you on to two good things, and if yon r • smash a £600 note ior me with any of the bookmakers you shall have 60 quid a-piece. >, ^ Mess youi the big . bookies don't think \- anything of changing what they call 1 a ■ -monkey.' V0uh9dbeBt.be well togged, you •*fcn«iw,«iid put on a nice tree and independent ulr. Blunge tho word, and when jou get stfia V rtufc" hold it flqn. -' '.'"'The" commission delighted Swalo and >' Hoggins imbibed with new and alarming: ' gusto at the prospect of it. Naturally enough the first bookmaker they x8ttemptedto negotiate with was aanotodous weldier, He took the measureH>f his men . at oboe. He bipped off his chair, Joined I them, and drew them away from the>«row<L .. "tThat do you think I am mad* of T" demanded he. " Putty, mud, or tea leaves I If I'd 600 shiners in,t»y kick I should not have been on tha^perch. Lookberc. Have you any readyv7~- A couple of quid will take Us into the enslosure. Ono« there I'll put a bit on for ypu with one of the leviathuus.and he'll smash the note for u» like a bird." -The necessary funds were scraped to gether aiqpngthem- Once inside, the wclsher Ct^ed, " Ah, there's the red hot 'un! I'll do t$ie bit witli him." He made a bet of £6 with thi«,prominent] member of Tattersall's ring, and returned Co tbe two workmen witli £495 in change, which he banded to Swale. The three were now hand In glove for the day. Tbe Btnager in troduced his new acquaintances t» Mb old . friends, who showed a robust desire to make, very free with them and their belongings. At last, and just beforo tha Baal race, thoy raised a cry of " welchers " against Swale and Huggins, who after belaf stripped and " teetnod that is, turned, on their heads until not a fraction remained about them— were so cruelly liBed tbat it did not seem likely they would ever again see Manchester. After a little, however, they did manage to rnneh hpmc, where Solomans, white with nitxiuty, was eagerly looking for them, and t)ie produce of " the monkey's climb." Tim"* •til) tlicy had to tell made him both nick and 1 •wrathful- It was in his licait to treat them 1 i» .1 volley of astonishing adjectivev, but he ' rrmccibcred that, after all, ho was in their j {•c Acr. nnd must grin and hear this collapse I cf his grand schemes. ' ' 'i1>e only thing wa can do now is to keep il JjiIi," sail) ho. " Don't either of you. on I ■my bcfount, let on that I ever gave you a J iwnkey' to change.'' j " W« shall be careful cnoogh," replied I Swale sullenly, " bat t reckon w« have gut blows and bruises just in tryinp to do your bit of buHirietsB for you, and you'll have to 1 keep ub going till wc are fit for work again." Solomans remonstrated and raved, all to no purpose. The blackmailing pair went away with a fiovuroign each for immediate need*, and they promised to Boon repeat their cafis on htmerelf and his exchequer. The bookmaker who had changed the ill gotten note noon had information that it was stopped* but he liad no difficulty iu putting the police on to the welsher from whom he had received it. This worthy, in his turn, told his tale, and the authorities kept him for many daysjourncying about the highways and elum& of Manchester in the hope that he migbt meet with and identify Swale or Hug gins, or both. Curiously enough, Fate preserved th« mechanics from being seen by the one in search of them. Often they were close to one another; twice they were all drinking in the same spirit vaults, and yet never cuine face to face. The news that the authorities were on the track of his money of course reached Mr. Bichards, and be began to hope that at last' the mystery of iu disappearance would be r cleared. Solomans also beard the tidings and he was thrown into a series of cold sweats. He was in abject terror for his liberty. He decided that there was no course so safe for him as flight But he would not go empty-banded. The mere temporary possession of that " monkey "—which he now anathematised with much-increased vigour—had whetted his greed for more. Bis \ avarice was after oil keener than his dos perate fear. He would make one more bril-1 liant coup and then vanish from the legal circles of Manchester and of England for ever. His rather elaborate plans required a few days to perfect, and he was in a state of the most awful dread all the time. Mr. Rich ards was io hoadon, and having the coast clear SolomanB, looking as bold aB brass and as innocent as butter, called on the manager of bis employer's bank. He was well-known to the gentleman, being really a more fre quent visitor to the establishment than the lawyer himself. He explained that Mr. Bichards was out of town, and that they had a settlement for a client on the following morning over eomc house property! the amount required being £1,500. He bad jiut learned that this client would not be able to arrive with the capital quite in time. Fearing some such contin gency, Mr. Bichards before going away had left his life policy and other securities, with full authorisations for Mr. Solomans to pledge them with the bank for the loan of the sum named for a few days. They had done 6uch things for Mr. Bich ards before. The documents seemed to be in perfect order. With hardly any hesitation the manager told the cashier to hand over to Solomans £1,500. The little raacal would much have liked to 1 have taken it all in gold, but he feared Buch a request might at the final moment excite ; suspicion and bring him once more to grief. Still, he got the bulk in specie and the rest in notes of £20. Once outside the bank with his plunder safe his Bangfroid deserted him. His face broke out mtoa rash,and he could only think of one thing, and tt was how to get away quick enough. Hoping to Bteady himBelf with brandy, he turned into the finst tavern he reached, and than he came upon Swale and Huggins. " Hollo 1" cried the latter, "we waijust agoing to£ire you a reminder. Why, what's the matter with you? Have you got the fever, or have you seen a ghost? " " Neither. Ton both take my advice and get out of Manchester as quick as you can. If yon stay here you are sure to be recog nised, and there will be trouble. Go to Lon don—go anywhere. Here's money for you. It'sthe last, and the best you*U ever get from me.*' To their delight and amassment, he handed them four notes of £20 esch. "Those are all right," deolared he. "I have only just received them over the bank counter. MynameisWalker," he conoladed)hurriedly, " you won't Bee me again 11 "Why esn't we all three go together? " cried Swale, who smelt mote money from where the new twenty-pounders had coins. "You must be mad!1* was Soloman's withering reply, and straightway he dis appeared from the plaoe. An unlooked-for matter called Mr. Bichards back to Mamhesterthat afternoon, -and it also took hlm-to the bank. A brief conversation with him showed the manager that the policy and the uther documents on which £1,500 had been advanced were worthless forgeries— excellent specimens of the nefati&us; art, but as securities valutas. There was a greater demand for the plaus ible Mr. Solomans that night than had ever before been the case. All over the country the police kept a hot And an active look out for him. Mr. Hoggins received a visit from the same inqniringgentry as*he was rioting in a tripe supper with friends who were not of his own family, Earlier in the evening he had changed oncof the twenty-pound notes in a tavern, eaying that he had just received the insurance moneyon hU-wife'e^death. On making a search. at his lodgings a twenty-pound note was found in the ;chim* j ney, and as much in loose-cash in a drawer. I Then Swale was aaptured, and <the welsher j identified them aa being the gents who had { come to him on the racecourse desirous of ! changing ** a monkey." j SolotnsziB was arrested juit aaaho was about j to step co board an Atlantic liner disguised I as an old woman, a character his features I suited very well. ] The oddest thing perhaps about this queer I case is that the little rogue only got eighteen j months1 imprisonment, while Hugging and i Swale were sentenced to-aix and four each .respectively. " Quite enough for » blooming monkey, •too,4' Solomans protests to this very day* 