TWO HUNDRED POUNDS REWARD. T'lVO I1UNP11KD POUNDS hkwaltd I Now, here's your chance, Jimmy, ' rapped out my chief ono morning. ' Camden Town — your own neighbourhood. The police tea (Iman n wr\ eetntin«» n rakntnilttflivl mystery of it ; it ought to bo as simple as clockwork. Ha, hu 1 Twonty bales of rare ailk, worth two thousand, consigned nil tiio way from Lyons to Jowetts, tho big West-end drapers. Jowetts' agent rushes off to tho station to meet it — and finds that somo smart rogues havo got thoro ono hour beforo him, presented forged credentials, and driven oil' with tlio stuff iu a van in broad twilight. Now 1 Soon ufter midnight u constable noted just such a van us described suspiciously rounding tlio corner of Wimlygato Street, Camden Town, and at that very minute, murk you, someone ran up atul led him off witli a Iiogus tale of murder going on at tho other end of his beat. When lie got back —van gone, and nil beautifully quiet. 'Hero lire two days gone, and no developments. Jowetts, half mad be cause the kind cf silk spoils iu no time unless kept very dry, havo been here nnd offered two hundred pounds fur im mediate recovery. There you nro. Windygato Street is a oul do sac, witli aliout fifty or sixty houses in it. Tlio silk may ho stowed in any one of tlieni, arid all tlio load polieo have done is to put nn extra man on watch at tho open end, on tlio chance thnt there will lxi an attempt to remove the hales. Off you go I T give you twenty-four liourft.' I hurried out with a confident sinilc. In Jess than an hour I hod got to Windy gato Street— a quiet double row of houses of a fenrleas thi ce-story typo— and was in timo to seo tlio 'special ' man exchanging chaff witli a servant girl at tlie opposite corner. Hu said something, and site tripped off. Another stare, nnd then he pnased tne with a confidential whisper. 'Thought I knew you Mr. Girdloitono. it's nil right— ti bit of business. That is tlie girl at u bouse half-way down — knows nearly everybody in tlie street and ready to talk nil day. Oh, I'm careful sir ; wc don't want thum to tuko flight and destroy tho silk. No, nut a ghost of a clue so fur, sir, except tlie van business. There's the rut by the kerb where it turned, nnd then a much lighter ono where it turned hack, unloaded, no doubt ; there's been no rain since. Saucy. But, bless you sir, it might bo done evory night — there's not a soul stirring here after eleven.' Humph 1 Shift your point a dozen yards higher up, out of sight j and let mo know anything that happens. There'll be a rag-and-bottlo man along here presently — do you understand.' I hurried home— it was barely a ten minutes walk. Half an hour later I was ! leaving again by the back entrance, so v dirty and disreputable that my own wife had given a start. To liiro a barrow and stack some rubbish on it was simplicity itself ; within the hour I was wheeling it into AVindygate Street, shouting hoarsely a record prico for rags and old liottles. At overy area door t had tiio impudence to knock and reiterate the statement; nnd at one likely-looking house even con trived to trip over tho step, bring down some glass with an unnerving crash, and shaui a giddiness. No use ; it. merely provoked tho remark, ' Servo him right 1' At the end of my arduous round I was only tho richer by a barrowload of un considered trifles. Until dusk I hung about tho place, and then, with a few whispered instructions to the constable on Watch, trudged back home to think of a more definite plan of action. It must have been utwut eight o'clock when, us I sat studying tho Camden Town directory, tho most curious, un dreamed-of coincidence occurred. The hell rang hesitatingly ; a pnuso, and then my wife tupped to say that a young person, apparently in trouble, wished to see mo on private business. Next moment a young lady in widow's weeds, had floated impressively into tho room, and was raising her veil from a white, worried face. « Mr. Girdlestono— tlie polieo inspector 1' she inquired, quickly, iu a voire singuinry sweot as her expression, and I bowed — her description was near the nonce ' Then, I iiopo you won't think ino silly, hut, really, I felt I could put up with it no longer. Oil, if my husband was only licrc.' A touching pnuso, broken by lmlf a sob, tlien 1 My name is Yarney. I live at No. 9, Windygato Street — if you know it sir. It may sound strange, but I go in fear of (something happening — almost in fear of my life You know, when dear Harold died, I had to let tho ground and first floor — to a man named Winston and his wife. 'They seemed strange from tho first, nnd kept all tlicir doors locked, then thoy begim to havo mysterious visitors long after dark, and my servant kept waking ino at night to say she could not sleep for tlio queer noises. I'm positive there's something wrong, and yet I daren't say anything, for there are firearms about— tho mail deliberately shot tit my rat ono day liccausa it looked at his canary. But that's not all : these Inst two days there lias been a continual digging sound down in the basement, especially at night. I lio and quake ; it sounds just as if they nro burrowing under tho sheet — tlicy might for all I know, bo mixed up with those — those dreadful Nihilist people ! There, I know there is a mystery behind !' That it was, poured out in agitated breaths. I think it 'was fully a minute before I could turn my face and say, . steadily — ' Indeed 1' And what mado you come \ to me, madam )' . 'To youl Oh, of course! Why I gave '.them notieo to go six weeks back, and' tlioy simply laughed. Since then thoy havo not offered a farthing rent. I 1, dread an upset of aiiy kind ; eovoral ' times I havo thought of going to the Silica for advice, and always hesitated, ut this ovening my girl said there was a homely constablo at tlio corner ; tho Winstons happened to have gone out, so I slipped on my things, ran up, nnd asked him would ha mind coming in to see what was going on, and how I could got an ejectment notice. Ho wrote this address on a piece of paper, and told mo to come straight to you, tlio inspoctor, as you would seo into it immediately. Ho said something about 4 search-warrant, tyt ftov ceifW f— 1 Ho did quite right— and so did you 1' I was nt tho door in two stride!. This queer aceidcnt, brought about so simply, showed tho way as clonr ns day light: I stumbled upon tlie nest, nnd should havo tlio silk within a fow hours. I would wait fur no search-warrant, nor to ask further details. ' This way, madam I You say they havo gonu out — then I'll como back with you. In any case, you can admit rue as a friend.' ' Yu-ex.' She had a iiand to iter fore head . 'But— I'm sura thoy are des- porate peoplo. Anything rather than a disturbance, or thnt the neighbours should talk.' ' Leave that to mc. Er — Katio !' I called over tlio banisters. ' Don't sit up in caso I'm lute.' Wo wont out. A moment later we were hurrying towards Windygato Street and — what 1' I lookod round for our constablo. Ho stepped out from tlio shadow opposite No. 9. 'Haven't seen anyone go in, sir,' ho whispered. ' Tlio lady asked me to wait in caso of anything. I think we've got 'cm cosily — I tumbled at once. No, I'tn not relieved for two hours yet, Hir.' 1 Como inside, with us, then:' Up tho stops we went. Tlio servant-girl, very pale, was standing tn tlie hall. Together wo all stood listening— not a sound from below. Nothing u.oro lucky could have happoncd ! 'Now, keep cool, madatu,' I said, ' and we'll havo a look downstairs. The girl can. watch hero. .... By Jove, yos, every door is lucked !' I pulled my hunch of koys to try them. Wo were standing in tho passage below, tlio candlestick shaking in Mrs. Varnoy's hand. It was rather an excit ing moment. 'Nono of mine fit, I know,' she breathed, nervously. 'But do make haste sir — couldn't they imprison us for doing thisl . . . There, tlmt key looks oxoctly like the breakfast pitilour one — this dour, let me try it sir. No, it doesn't quite turn. Oh, nnd there's tho door of tho big cellar, where wo keep hearing tho digging and knocking noises. ' I lincl forgotten that. Flinging open the door I peered down into tho black ness. ' Hand mo that lamp— we'll soon know,' I said, and tho constable followed mo down the wooden steps. At the foot the ceiling was so low ws had to stoop. Quick, wo might find tho bales here,' I whispered to him. 1 Mind tho coals,' came Madam's shaky voice down. 1 Oh, be quick. Tho cellar runs out under tho street. It sounded as if they . . . Mercy it's the Wins- tons, como back. Out with the light, sir —don't move, for Heaven's sake.' We were half way across the damp, black space ; her voice merged into a half scream so thrillingly, that on the spur of tbe moment I blew the candle out and gripped the constable's arm. A incro nothing became a tragedy of a sudden. There was tlio sound of a door shunmod to, and then tlio heavy footsteps and deep voices in the passage overhead. It had happened so swiftly and unex pectedly that wo stood holding our breath down there most foolishly. More banging and thumping and talk over head — then a comparative silence, broken by the constable's uncomfortable laugh. ' Well, I never. What's our next move 1 They've caught her spying, and there's more than ono to tackle. Awk ward. ' Pooh 1 — — ' I stopped there because it suddenly struck me that his word was unpleasantly apt. We had no search warrant— and there might bo a mistake after all. Besides, to discloso ourselves night mean a bad hour for Mrs. Yarney if not for us. We stood listening- Tho cellar door hod evidently been closed, us no light came down, and the sounds were muffled. Finally I concluded thnt tlio best thing in the circumstances would be to find somo incriminating ovidunre if possible, and get away without being soon— if possible, again. I felt for my match box aiid, nnd relit tlio candle. ' Find out something while we're about it,' I said, and we completed our circuit of the damp wall. There were no signs of nny excavations whatever, thnt wo could discover. ' Queer, what about tlio door 1 I went cautiously back to tlie steps and pushed. It gave me quite a littlo thrill to find tlio door immovable ; either sonic one held it orn heavy weight had been placed against it. I tiptoed back. Tlio coustablo looked rather pale in tlio cuudle light. ' Queer's tho word, sir,' ho whispered. I I don't half like it. I just thought of the coal shoot and there's something on it — the plate won't shift. Thoy know we're down hero, mark my — 'sit ! that's a cart stopping outside. Mr. Girdlestone, they're clearing off.' Beyond a doubt. Heavy footsteps wore passing along tlio passage, and out oil to tlio pavoment. For a time wo stood, in a sort of stupefaction ; then, in a spasm of rage, I inado a dash at the door, determined to chance anything. Useless, it resisted our united weight. We poundod and shouted, but to no pur pose. We were caught in a maddening trap, and only had ourselves so blame. But — tho mortification of it. ' Let them go,' I panted, at lust. We must have them sooner or later — she'll come down and let us out tho minuto they turn their backs.' ' Unless they've done for her,' lie whispered. 'It took somctliiug to frighten that woman sir.' And almost simultaneously there camo a lull iu tlio scurrying overhead, and then a voice, thick witli nervous laugh ter, just outside tho door — ' Er — mind tho coals.' It was Mrs. Varnoy's voice. The hall- door banged, there was the sound of a cart rumbling away, and then — utter significant silence. ' Great heavens,' I could just gasp out. For how long wo stood staring at oacli ottie I would not like to say. Trap 1 Yos, indeed. That sweet youog ' widow ' was one of the gang — perhaps Mrs. Win ston herself. Fossibly by accident, thoy had discovered that Detective Girdlestono was on their liocls, and bad concocted this grotesquely simple trick to invciglo the pair of us into tho houso while thoy removed tho plunder to a place of safety. It was their ono chanco— and wo had played clean into thoir hands. Madden ing T Not the word. That it should have succeeded so merited a far stronger expression. I flew to t|ia cod shoot. Still ihwovablo. 'Your truncheon,' I gasped. 'You haven't one 1 Up witli soma of this coal, nim high nnd splinter that door.' Crash ! .sounded through tlie houso. In two minutes wc wore clambering across n heavy wringing mnchino tlmt had been wedgod hctwoen the door and a projection of tho wall. A pauso for breath and then a hasty search; of tho house. Fivo minutes sufficed to show how incredibly wc bud been fooled. Tho placo was practically destitute of furni ture. Signs of tlie silk there were none. Now wo were out at the door, all hut coming to grief again over a stone slab plsccd across the coal shoot. Ten minutes later wo panted into the polieo station, ami bad sent all tho avatlablo men with description of the young widow' living over Camden Town. Then I started back for home. I would get rid of somo of the coal dust and take a cab to Scotland Yard. I got to tho door and pulled out my keys. My keys ! They were not mine — with a gasp'l stood and realised that tlie clover creature, asking to try them,' had handed mu back iter own bunclt in exchange. Why, what — . Twice I knocked beforo tlio door opened and showed mo my wife's faco as ;whito as a: sheet. - - - Yon, Jimmyl Oh, thank Heaven. Wo haven't dared to iriove.' 1 W-wliat do you mean V in tho inecrest whisper. ' Oh, we've hod sveh a scare, Jane and I. We were sitting iu the kitchen, and I thought I beard some ono creeping up and down tlio stairs. . I screamed out something, and Jano says Bho |heard this door click. Wo couldn't stir hand or foot till I heard you knock. I knew it couldn't be you. ' You knew,' With a groan, I strode into tho parlour. I know that I would find my handsome bronzo timo piece, my choice vases, and a score of other small valuables nil gone. Up stairs I sprang like a madman. On tho bed table hail lain my presentation gold watch. One look, and I staggered back, fairly crushetl. . . . Gone. A daring double stroke of villiany ; thoy had walked in witli my own key while I was fooling at the station. And as if this second humiliating blow was not enough to permanently kill any man's good opinion of himself, on the looking glass frame' was pinned a scrap of paper, bearing this masterstroke of irony : ' Mind the coals.' 1 That was a year ago, and Jtessrs. Jowetts, tlie big drapers, still mourn the loss of their big consignment of silk. They seem likely to go on mourning. And I — wall, my deepest ambition is to come faco to face for just ono moment with that sweet young woman who went by the name of Varaey. 