MfiEIANl. ? ? ?♦ ? : ? — / .FTER a run of two weeks, iCiBMifei 'The Brixton Burglary' w#s jV'^g& -withdrawn at the: Royal last iw ' '?!» night, and 'The Adventure Jr /HI *-t Lady Ursula' trill be re vived to-night, for six nights only. The next of the Brough ventures will he Pinero's latest, 'The Gay Lord Quex.' At Her Ma jesty's Theatre 'The King's Musketeer' still holds sway, and at the end of its run will be replaced by 'Se- cret Service.' 'Shall We Forgive' Her?' enters on its second week at the Lyceum; and at the Tivoli the vaudeville and .variety bill is as attractive as ever. At the Melbourne Princess Theatre 'A Trip to Chinatown' has given place to 'A Stranger in New York,' an American comic trifle. 'The War of Wealth' bids fair to finish the season at the 'Royal; Bland Holt's next destination being Maoriland. Messrs. Holloway and Anderson's combination will fill the vacancy. Apropos of iliis firm, it is stated that Mr. John F. Sheridan ('The Widow O'Brien') will return to Australia under their auspices. At the St. George's Hall ihe M'Adoo Minstrel Company, strengthened by the addition of Mr. Billy M'Clain, late of the Curtis Company, are introducing its speciality features. The Sheridan season will open at the Lyceum .Theatre on either October 7 or 14, the first pro duction being 'When the Lamps are Lighted,' .which ran for 300 nights in London. Mr. J. F. Sheridan will be supported by Miss Gracie White ford and three or four other artists specially se lected for the characters they appear in. Mr. Sheridan was to leave London yesterday by the i Oroya, and will bring his scenery with him. The repertoire also includes 'Little Christopher Co lumbus, 'The Circus Boy,' and ether proved at tractions. The Spanish dresses for the former are being specially made for the Australian tour. The occupancy of the Lyceum by the newcomers will extend until Christmas week, when they will ; go to Melbourne, opening in the Theatre Royal on : Boxing Night. During Mr. Sheridan's absence in England he has been constantly before the public with great success, and his re-appearance in Australia will be under the management of i Messrs. Holloway and Anderson, will be a wel come event. There are few actors so popular in Australia as 'The Widow O'Brien.' The present Lyceum Company will close its season on September 1, and will open the Mel bourne Royal with 'A Soldier and a Man.' On September 2 there will be a revival of 'When London Sleeps,' when Miss Eugenia Duggan will make her re-appearance. This combination will fill in the dates prior to the appearance of Mr. Sheridab. The Christmas attraction at the Ly ceum will be the return of the present company with the latest English successes, preparations for which have already begun. Particulars recently transpired of a fight among the natives engaged in the 'Savage South Africa' show at Earl's Court Exhibition (says the 'Era'). Mr. Fillis, the manager, says that the trouble arose through the 'boys' losing their self-control when engaged in the national pastime of stick-play. Nothing serious had occurred, and it had not been found necessary to call in the police. There had been no case of drunkenness in the kraals, and no instance of visitors supply ing tha savages with drink surreptitiously had been brought to the notice of the management. The only difficulty the managers had encounter ed had been with the Cape boys and Hottentots, ?who actsd as grooms. These had come much in to contact with white men, and it had been found impossible to keep them sober. Consequently, the management had at last resolved to send al most all of them back to Africa. Fourteen of these 'boys' have now returned to their native land, only two 'boys' being retained at the show. Of Mr. Fillis, who is very well known in Australia as a circus manager, the following par ticularsmay be interesting: Hais aSwede bybirth, and is married to a very beautiful woman, who is a past mistress of the art of la haute manege. Once, in Johannesburg, a benefit was given him, in which every item in the programme was per formed by amateurs, probably a unique event. Not only were thero polo pony racing, quadrille dancing and maypole plaiting, but the elephants and tigers were drilled and shown by amateurs, and a foolhardy youngster did a skirt dance in the lions' cage. No' harm resulted, but it was risky. Mr. Fillis is represented in London by Mr. Brian England, an actor well-known in Aus tralia, who has travelled in South Africa with several of George Edwardes's companies, and thereby gained some knowledge of tha handling of niggers, who had a difficult task before him in organising all the scenic arrangements, to say nothing of the native compounds of Earl's Court. A 'rav-' native is usually a tractable gentlsman, but if he gets spoiled by civilisation he becomes j very trying, and hard to manage, as the above incident shows. An old and long- forgotten .law has been dragged to light in Now York. ? Edward Wren, aged 15, was charged under the statute with having at tended a theatre alone, it being enacted that no one under 16 years of age shall go to a theatrical entertainment without a guardian. The judge sentenced the boy to six months' imprisonment, but suspended the sentence. He said he desired to warn all children and theatra managers in New York of the existence of the law in order that they might be careful in the future. . The marriage of Miss Maud Beatty, of the Pol lard Opera Company, is just announced from New Zealand. It will not, how ever, interfere with the,- ^ professional engagement of the lady, which doesrnot terminate' ?until January next. Miss Beatty espoused Mr. Mil burn, the representative in Australia of several British commercial houses. In view of the above, it may be interesting to quote what obtains in similar cases in Germany, as explained recently in London by Fraulein . Mardon, whilst speaking of the stage as a profession -for. women. ? .She said: Another paragraph in the German theatre contract equally to be deprecated is the so-called 'marriage clause.' ' Should an actress marry without giving notice to the management, she is liable to be dis charged at once; should she declare her intention of marrying, she renders herself liable to be dis missed at a week's notice; but the clause in ques tion does not allow her the option of terminating Iher engagement, which — according to German cus toms — may have been entered into for, say, three, five, or ten years. In the existing state of af lairs, the drama as a field for women in Germany teems with obstacles and difficulties which seem the more impossible to overcome, as the profession is practically debarred from appealing to the Ci vil 'Courts of Juistice, bgtng obliged by rule to ap peal first to its own Court of Arbitration, and only in the ca'se of this-- court declaring itself in» competent to arrive at a decision, is the actor or actress free to call into motion the laws of his or of her country. Mr. G. C: Miln, the well-known Shaksperian ac tor, who toured Australia, recently delivered an address upon Shakspere'e. military types, before the Shakspere 'Society, London. There was a gap in Shakspere's biography (said the lecturer) be tween 1585 and 1589 which no one had successfully filled. At that very time the Earl of Leicester, to whose 'company of. players' Shakspere belong ed, was absent on a military expedition in the Low Countries. It was not- unlikely that the poet ac companied him, and there witnessed and partici pated in war. ? A recent 'M.A.P.' has the following of Miss rAda Reeve: At the Comedy Theatre there is al ways, a hearty greeting for Cleopatra, in th© bur lesque 'Great Caesar,' with her. burnished gold ioair, her rainbow robes, and her high-heeled gol den slippers! The little Egyptian Queen is the po pular comedienne, Miss Ada Reeve, who is also giving a turn at the Palace Theatre, at 10 o'clock every night. v She leaves the comedy after the first act, having changed her elaborate costume for a dainty. evening, frock, drives to the big variety house, is'ings her. three songs, and is back again in- burlesque Rome in exactly half-an-hbur! Miss Reeve has only recently returned from Australia, where she played the French Maid and other parts, besides being principal boy in a Melbourne panfomime^which reminds me that this .vivacious and favorite little singer has just arranged to play Aladdin next Christmas at Bristol. Harry Rickards is; the* owner of a fine talking parrot'. 'While staying at a Melbourne hotel recent- , lyy he hafl the bird caiged and; hung in the hallway. The bird proyed;±bo much for the 'Attendant. In a voice closely resembling Its masters, it kept call ins 'Waiter.' That person, could not distinguish the voices, and was. ^constantly disturbing Harry td know nfe -wants- A- -protest was eventually entered (says Melbourne 'Punch'), and the bird was disqualified, and removed. Thousands, pfic^ouTfolkSwiir soon be wend ing their way-tp the Continent to see the cele brated Sberammergau- Passion play, of which M Walter Bentjey recently showed pictures in Syd ney. The -'W in: Speaking of the production says that all the actors for the chief parts have not yet been chosen, but the singers have been selected, and are practising diligently in con junction with the musicians. : The part of Christ will be performed, -as. before, by Anton Lang. Workmen are now actively at work on the new buildings which the committee have decided to erect. The auditorium is being covered with an iron roof of not less than -45 metres span, at a cost of fully 150,000 marks.. The costume play is having a great vogue in England at the present time, and the problem piece is being gradually protested against, the first to do any solid work in that direction being Dr Conan Doyle. An American paper, in com menting on this aspect of affairs, says:— 'The fashionable London playwright just now is mak ing desperate efforts to steer clear of such con ventionalities as morality and respectability. For these periods of spasmodic immorals, London playwrights introduce wives merely to make them 'bot' with other ladies' husbands, while hus bands pose as blinds for nasty liaisons. It is not a pretty state of things, and in England it is particularly objectionable. It is never agree able to find immorality 'heavily insisted upon. In Paris they are saucy in a gay and frolicsome man ner, and you are a fool for your pains if you Dhilosoohise about it. In London they are nasty, 'with the distinct and frothy purpose of Jbemg nasty.' In his reminiscences, Dr. Neild, the great Mel bourne dramatic critic, states that he has seen at least one hundred Hamlets: He awards the palm of perfection to Walter Montgomery, who mysteriously shot iimself in Bond-street two days after his marriage with an American lady. G. V. Brooke, who went down in the Londou, he considers the best Othello that ever walked the boards. Miss Olga Nethersole .recently underwent the operation of having her tonsils and a growth at the back of her nose removed. She has been afflicted for some time with her throat, and the severe illness last April- in Boston from which she suffered, determined her to have an operation performed directly she came to London. After the operation, though she was in an extremely weak state, and suffering a great amount of pain, her general condition was good, and a speedy re covery was anticipated. During a recent performance of 'When Lonflon Sleeps,' at the BroadWiay Theatre, Deptford, someone in the' gallery threw & knife at the actor who was representing the villain. The knife unfortunately struck the musical director's hea'l, and so seriously injured 'him that he had to leave his seat in the'orchestra and seek surgical advice. Alexander Bisson, the author of 'On and Off,' the farce which has so long been running at the Vaudeville Theatre, London, is the hero of a quaint episode which nobody delights more in telling than himself. A poor, broken-down French clerk, wandering one night by the River Seine, penniless and hungry, craved the permis sion of the proprietor of a neighboring brasserie to write a letter. This granted, the unlucky one addressed a missive to Napoleon III., and stated that unless he received a'louis at the address he gave — that of the brasserie — by the following day at noon the Seine would add one more to its an nual harvest of suicides. With a faith worthy of greater tilings, the polite letter-writer actually called at the brasserie at the hour he had named, and was promptly arrested and conveyed to a neighboring bureau de police, where the penal ties for threatening an emperor, with all their at tendant terrors, were pointed out to him. But the Emperor 'took a lenient view of the case,' and ordered the petitioner to be given employment in the office of one of the state railways. At the end of 'six months (says 'M.A.P. ') the Emperor called for information as. to his protege, and was astonished to learn that the man had been dis missed after three months' service, as he could not be induced to apply himself to his duties, but spent most of his time during office hours in writ ing plays! The railway clerk was Alexander Bisson, the author of 'Le Controleur des Wagon Li ts' — or 'On and Off,' as we know it — and the. 'Dame de Chez Maxim.' The death has just i-ccurred of Lady Shelley, the wife of Sir Percy Florence Shelley, son of the poet, Percy Bysshe Shelley, by his marriage with Mary Wollstoncraft, authoress of 'Frankenstein,' which has so often been seen on the stage, and other works. The late Sir Percy Florence Shelley (says 'The Era'), lived in Tite-street, Chelsea, at one time, when in his private theatre he used to give dramatic entertainments by the most pro minent amateurs of the day, until the Lord Cham berlain intervened, and had the theatre closed, as being a contravention of the licensing laws. The drop scene of the Shelley Theatre, which was open ed on 'May 26, 1S81, was painted by Sir Percy F. Shelley himself, and represented the 'Poet. Shel- ley's Last Home.' On this inaugural night, the performance began with ? 'The Lighthouse,' a melodrama, in. two acts, by Wilkie Collins, fol lowed by J. R. Planche's fantastic drama, 'A Ro mantic Idea.' In the first piece, Sir Percy him self appeared, and all the characters were sus tained by amateurs well-known in art, literature, and society. . . Mr. Tom Costello, a well-known London comic singer, will shortly arrive in Australia, under en gagement to Mr. H. Hlcka'rds. Numbers of Aus tralian favorites are ..appearing in the halls in London, amongst the most prominent being Messrs. Ernest Shand, Harry Atkinson, Tennyson and O'Gorman, Austin Rudd, Tom Wootwell, F. W. Millis (the ventriloquist), and Cora Casselli. An exchange, speaking of another, says: Ada Col ley, the sweet singing Australian soprano, is once more at the Empire — the scene of former suc cesses—and she goes well. It is difficult to tell stories of Arthur Roberts, the comedian, which have not hitherto appeared in print. Perhaps, the following may have escaped publication hitherto. It '.was in the train on the way to Kempton Park races' (says 'M.A.P.'). An absolute stranger, with a rakish air and ? a noi some appearance and- manner, who, was seated opposite Roberts, affected to know him, talked in cessantly, and made himself generally offensive. Arrived at -the racecourse, the objectionable one asked the actor to take a -drink. 'Certainly!' said Roberts, 'give me a. split eau de Cologne and soda!' Here's another: Roberts was late at re hearsal one day. The stage-manager (it was the late Charley Harris) '?? upbraided him severely for his unpunctuality. 'Here's Miss Smith a quarter of an hour behind time, then Mr. Jones drops in half-an- hour. late, and you're three-quarters of an hour ? ' Then Roberts broke in: 'My dear fellow, didn't you back me for a place?' Mr. Herbert Flemming appears to have secured the «miles of .fortune. . since he enter ed into management with Mr. De Jong at the Cape. Their latest venture was the im portation of the Rouseby Opera Company — a good theatrical name, a -Mrs. Rouseby used to play Richard m. — with which Mr. W. Walshe is one of the principal tenors. It has proved most suc cessful, the press stating that this is one of the few companies which. have' produced opera as it should be staged. Mr. Flemming and his part ner are 'the firm' ofSoiith Africa. Mrs. Langtry, who it was thought as 'Mr. Jersey' intended to cultivate iothing but racing, is soon to appear in a costume play, it will be specially written for her by.Ebber-t Buchanan aaid Chas. Marlowe, and will deal with the days of Marie Antoinette. Mme. Bernhardt, says ;M. Jules Huret, in his recently published /biography of the famous ac tress, acknowledges - that she was born at 265 Rue St. Honore, Paris, and- that her mother was a tiny. Dutch Jewess: - She has also stated that her maternal relative spoke very bad French. Sarah's mother had - fourteen children, . amongst them being two sets of 'twins. . 'Sarah .was the eleventh 'child in the family'. At the Conserva toire she was noted for her talent and industry, 'and won many prizes. .- Bernhardt is fond of dwelling upon the idea' of death. One day she ordered a coffin to her measure, and had it brought home. This coffin, rWhich she. constantly keeps by 'her.^is of pear tSwood, . and; for- sole- outside ornament, beyond; the usual plain coffin furni ture, possesses the device 'Quand Meme,' painted in large letters, andy the initials of the actress. The inside bt tfie cofa&'is i?jost .limiriously ;Sfte_d up with, white satinV.lsili^:'ahd^iddings.* it:is a 'veritable coquette's -ied.'- . Another 'fantas tic caprice in -»nnfe«Siqn witho.the '-. coffin Js that, Mme. Bernhardt lias;. covered the , bbttpm ^ito souvenirs, loye letters j -faded ; ^bouquets, and;siini- - lar articles. She^lias ^lept-in ;the casket, vbeen 1 photographed -., in \4t,7and'.;on ope occasion ? took.-a short journey in it.'?_' Mine. Bernhardt has .had many strange pets.? sAt one time she kept a. boa- ' constrictor, which would coil round her waist. Then she had,' for a time, a leopard cub, which ishe kept until it grew big and dangerous to play with. Marmoset monkeys, a small brown bear; a dormouse, a Mexican beetle with a crest illumina ted on its wing cases, and chained to her wrist by a small gold chain, and a tiny alligator,. Ijave been amongst the things Sarah has kept to amuse herself with. She is also fond of dogs, and 'has several of very valuable breeds. Mme. Bernhardt has replied to the criticisms on her 'Hamlet' by means of a letter to the London 'Daily Telegraph.' Following are some of her points: — I am reproached with not being suffici ently astonished, not sufficiently dumbfounded, when I see the ghost But Hamlet comes ex pressly to see it; he awaits it, and utters these words, 'I will speak to it, though hell itself should gape and bid me hold my peace.' These are not the words of a weak or languid person. When the ghost wants to take him aside, he draws his sword against his friends, and threatens to kill them if they will not let him pass. That does not bespeak a feeble man. Hamlet drearas when he is alone, but in company he^ speaks — speaks to conceal his thoughts. I am reproached with not being polite enough with Polonius; but Shak- . spere makes Hamlet say all kinds of unpleasant: things to him. When Polonius says to him, 'My honorable lord, I will most humbly take my leave of you,' Hamlet replies, 'You cannot, sir, take from me anything that I will more willingly ipart^ withal.' Really, I do not know a more cutting or better merited reply. In the oratory scene I am reproached with going too near the King; but if Hamlet wishes to kill the King, surely he must be close to him. And when he hears him prays words of repentance, he thinks that if he kills him he will send him to heaven; rand he does not kill the King, not because he is vacillat ing and weak, but because he is firm and logical. His wishes to kill him in a state of sin, not of repentance; for he desires to send him to hell and not to heaven. Some wish to see in Hamlet a womanish, hesitating, nighty mind. f To me- he seems a manly, resolute, but thoughtful being. As soon as Hamlet gathers what is in his father's, mind and learns of his murder, he forms the' -reso- lution to avenge him; but as he is the opposite of ' Othello — who acts first and thinks afterwards— Hamlet thinks before he acts, which is the sign of great strength and great power of mind. Ham let loves Ophelia! He renounces his love! He renounces study! He renounces everything— in order to gain his object. And he attains it...' He kills the King while in the blackest and most mortal sin; but he kills him only when he is absolutely sure. When he is sent to England he takes the first opportunity of leaping alone into an enemy s vessel, ana announces nis name tnat he may be made prisoner, certain that he will be brought back. He calmly sends RosencrSntz and Guilderstein to death. All this bespeaks: a' young, strong, and determined character. When he creams, it is of his plan — of his vengeance. If God. had not forbidden suicide he' would' have killed himself in disgust of the world! . But since he cannot kill himself, he will kill! The lady concludes with the statement that Shakspere, by his colossal genius, belongs to the universe,' and that a French, a German, or a Russian brain^hajp the right to admire -and to understand him. ; . 