'GHOSTS AND DREAMS. (From " LITKKATÜRB ") Ghosts, dreams, and other like mysterious occurrences have occu- pied during the last half century a new place in the thoughts of men. They have undergone a change which everything we are cognizant of undergoes in its turo. First we accept and wonder, then we investi- gate and describe. With regard to " occult phenomena," the second stage has only been reached by the mass of mankind within living memory, Mr. Thiselton Dyer, in his " Social Life as Told by the Parish Registers," gives us the following curious extract from the register of Brisley, Norfolk : Dec. 12, 1706.-I, Robert 'Withers, M.A., Vicar of Gately, do insert here a story which I had from undoubted hands,. for I have all, the moral certainty of the truth of it possible:-. Mr. Grove went to see. Mr. Shaw on 2nd August last, As they sat talking in the evening, says Mr. Shaw-"On the 2ist of the last month, as I was smoking ray pipe and reading in my study, between eleven and twelve at night, in comes Mr. Naylor, formerly Fellow of St. John's Collège, but had been dead full four years. When I saw him I was not much affrighted, and I asked him to sit down, which accordingly he did for about two hours, and we talked together. I asked him how it fared with him. . He said, ' Very well.' « Were any of our old acquaint- ance with him?' 'No' [at winch I was much concerned], 'but Mr. Orchard will be with me Isoon, and yourself not long after.' As he was going away I asked him if he would not stay a little longer, but he refused. I asked him if he would call again. ' No ; he had but three days leave of absence, and he had other business. N.B.-Mr. Orchard died soon after. Mr. Shaw is now. dead. He was formerly Fellow of .St.' John's College, an ingenuous, good man. I knew him there, but at his death he had a college living ,in Oxford- shire, and here he saw the appari- tion.' .' ;. j . ','??. ..',' The story would be worth repeating if it were only for the charming naïveté of the parenthesis, "at which I was much concerned." But Bee how a University M.A. of the last century dealt ..with a ghost story. Looked at through the spectacles of the S.P.R. it is no story at all. The evidence is nil. We do not know whether it is at second, third,, or fburth hand, only that Mr. Withers had it " from undoubted hands." And even accepting Mr. .Shaw's statement, dp we not see him " read- ing" in his study at midnight, his pipe dropping gently into his lap, and his eyes closing upon recollec- tions of those bad " old acquaint- ances," and those old Oxford days in which Naylor, his brother Fellow, played so notable a part ? Withers was no Rationalist to cast doubt on such a story. Nor was he of a literary turn. Or rather- there was no demand' for ghost ^ stories front editors willing to pay for' them, and thus supplement the. perhaps scanty tithes of Gately. What an "inter- esting feature " in a magazine of the sixties would have been that two hours' chat with a revenant Fellow of St. John's t A century afterwards there was still but little change. There was not much business to De done with ghosts either by inquirers latter were beginning to discover their value. But fifty years later all was changed. The generation of that day refused to be passive any longer, and the ghost was taken in hand, described, and questioned. In recent times these' phenomena have been subject to three different i kinds of treatment-the literary, the religious and the scientific; and the three classes are represented respec- tively by the three books printed at the head of this article. Not that Mr. Lang in his deservedly reprinted work is unscientific, only that he is primarily literary; he does not make any laborious inquiry or trouble himself too severely about scientific method ; he writes, confessedly, " to éntertain." ^But it is only in his treatment, not in his stories, that he suggests the literary ghost. His sleeping or waking visions are ver- acious ; not necessarily veridical in the technical sense, but such as have some substantial evidence to support them.. When he tells us that the old ghost stories such as those of Sir George Villiers or Lord Lyttelton's (or indeed Mr. Naylor's) ghosts were more dramatic than the new he means those which, for the purposes of classification, we may politely term "true." The real ghost story of literature flourished a" generation ago and more. Sir W,alter tried his hand at one (apart from his novels) in "The Tapestried Chamber," and Dickens was much attracted by the possibilities it offered, though' he rather inclined to the humorous than to the appalling'or mysterious i apparition. At a later period the blood- curdling spectre became a necessary . part of the Christmas entertainment. Now its glory has departed. Trhe phantoms or the past make our blood curdle rio longer. They fly gibbering away before an Annual Report of Proceedings such as now lies before us, and though we may wish to recover them, as JEneas tried to grasp the shade of Creusa, it is all to no purpose. The Psychical research Society has dealt a fatal blow at the ghost of literature. It has quite altered our attitude towards supernatural ap Î>earances. We are much-less credu ous, and we aré getting much less inclined to think of such appear- ances as means of imparting a thrill to a firelight audience, and much more inclined to test them by scien- tific canons. The age of wonder has given way to the_ ago of criticism. Moreover, the distinctive features of the ghost of our childhood are disappearing, and that in two ways. or by story the I As -Mr. Lang says, the old ghosts j " knew what they wanted, asked for ] it, and saw that they got it." They1 were generally ghosts " with a purpose" who unearthed an old will, or found a dead body, or brought vengeance to a criminal. The modern apparition has no such practical concern, and is indeed somewhat pained by the crude reasoning of those illogical persons who declare that they can bel lieve m a ghost if it does any good to any one. And, secondly, the mystery is clearing away, and to a delicate taste in supernatural sensations mystery is essential. -The explana- tion may itself be mysterious-the tentative analysis of the Psychical Research Society is often full of mystery-but we want no explana- tion. The story must be abso- lutely baffling to the intellect if it is to restore the old awesome feeling and make our flesh creep. The most interest- ing thing in the proceedings of the S.P.R. is the story, now well-known, of the photograph which was taken by Miss Corbet in the library of a nobleman, just dead (here called Lord D.), and which, when deve- loped, snowed the deceased peer seated in his armchair. Here we have the photograph itself repro- duced. The figure is vague, but it is said to have a distinct likeness to Lord D., and it certainly seems to have a beard, as he had. Another photograph is also given- one taken as an experiment by Professor Barrett, who is sceptical. He photo- graphed a chair, using a long expo- sure, and in the course of it seated a friend in the chair for a few minutes. The result, a semi-trans Earent figure consisting of head, ody, and arms . only, is very similar to that in Miss Corbet's photograph. Was her figure misty because it was a ghost or because its original sat ' in the chair for only a Bhort period ? Miss Corbet's was [ rather a long exposure, and she was not in the room the whole time. The only men in the house were her brother, who denies having entered the room, the butler, and two footmen. They were all beardless,~and it is certainly extremely unlikely that the men servants would have cared or been able without. discovery to play a practical joke. Of course, the cir- cumstance that the photograph was taken at the exact time of the funeral is suggestive, and the . evid- ence for or against an apparition of Lord D. is well worth weighing in the interests of psychical research. But those who seek the weird will, we fancy, be content-nay, prefer-to discard the Lord f>. theory. It is an explanation, and an explanation of a kind that has become commonplace. If we had taken the photograph, knowing that we had only lost sight bf the camera for a short period, and knowing the overwhelming improbability of any of the known male residents in the house having come in and sat down on that particular chair, we should feel far more " creepy " if this uncanny form, representing some- thing or somebody that must have come and sat close by the camera during our brief interval rtf absence, were wholly strange to us. For the veracious no less than the fictitious or literary ghost story becomes truly sensational only when it contains the element of the unknown,1 of the wholly inexplic- able. _ f " Life's Borderland and Beyond," like a . book familiar to a previous generation called " Communications from the Unseen World," approaches the subject from the religious side. It brings together a - " cloud of witnesses in favour pf the continued existence of the departed after death." With all due respect for the earnest sincerity with which the strange experiences here garnered from many sources are utilized for the purpose of religious apologetic, one cannot but feel that the book is out of date. The writer does not realize that in our present attitude towards the " supernatural " his argument, is seriously weakened by the fact that he readily accepts second- hand evidence, and ignores the numerous possible explanations by known laws- or, at any rate, by laws of which we are now beginning to learn something-of the occur- rences he relates. A writer with Mr. Pike's object in.view, cannot, in fact, afford to ignoré " psychical research." He cannot, if he hopes to convince a sceptical generation, over- look the necessity for a careful analysis of evidence, or for a con- tinued alertness in detecting sources pf error or " natural " explanations.. Two of the latter may be briefly touched on, both of them bearing chiefly on the subject of dreams. One of them is, the acknowledged fact that we can both observe and reason without being conscious of either process. . Unconscious obser- vation has received much attention of late years. Our sense of sight can perceive and store up the per- ception without our' knowing. This to a great extent explains crystal gazing, in which the gazer " visua- lizes images wliich^ have been impressed upon his mind unawares. Miss ' Goodrich Freer, in a book which we recently noticed, tells a story of a man who dreamt that he had lost a ring, and that it was lying in his strawberry beds. The ring was duly found there, and Miss Freer . suggests that the dreamer may on a visit to the strawberry beds have actually seen the ring lying thero, but not at the time been conscious of the perception. Of unconscious cerebration, or what is technically known as " subliminal mental action," a good instance is given by Mr. Lang in the story of the German professor who puzzled over two fragments of agate rings brought from Babylon, until one night (in March, 1893) an Assyrian priest appeared to him in sleep and gave to him the clue to the connexion etween the pieces, and the inscrip- tion upon them. The history of the 'rings was a somewhat intricate one, land the priest's explanation proved indisputably correct. The other kind of natural explanation to which we referred forms the chief subject dealt with in the present volume of Pro- ceedings of the S.P.R.-viz., coincid- ences. A large class of the occur- rences investigated by the society present nothing in themselves remarkable-such as a dream that a person is dying-they only become remarkable through a coincidence. Thus it becomes very important, in each case, to determine whether the hypothesis of coincidence satisfies the requirements or not. We can- not honestly say that Miss Alice Johnson's lengthy disquisition leads to any very valuable conclusion. You cannot establish a theory of coincidences any more than you can have an infallible method at the gaming table. In each individual instance common sense has to decide (l) whether two events which occur simultaneously can be due to any common cognizable cause ; (2) and, if not, whether their coincidence is so extraordinary as to preclude the idea of chance, and to demand a resort to an " occult " cause. How extraordinary admit- tedly chance coincidences can be is illustrated by a story given in a weekly journal last year, the facts of which are undoubted. In 1879 a lady lost at a dinner-table in the house of a Mr. Arkwright a ring containing the hair of the Duke of Wellington. Last year, eighteen Îrears afterwards, she received a etter from her half-sister in New Zealand, saying that she had lately had some gloves sent out to her from a London maker, and on trying one on, had found the ring inside it. The half-sister had not known to whom the ring belonged, and had sold it for the benefit of a church to a Mr. Frank Arkwright, a cousin of the gentleman in whose house it had been lost. It should be mentioned that Mr. F. Arkwright seems to have purchased it because it had originally been in the poses sion of his grandmother. The Psychical Research Society has undoubtedly made a great advance in popular recognition of recent years. Mr. F. C. S. Schiller has called psychical phenomena . " the Dreyfus case of science." He has pointed out that they never received a fair and open trial, coram populo, that the evidence on which they had been condemned had never been published, and could not be produced, that their banishment from the society of scientific fact, and their relegation to the company of the Devil, had been effected by a secret and nameless court- martial, which made no serious pretence of examining the evidence, and that for nearly twp centuries the authorities who professed to speak in the name of science. had, when questioned, done nothing but invoke the sanctity of the cJiose jugée, and intimidate inquirers with solemn prophecies of the absolute ruin that would overtake the whole scientific order if - any - investigation .. or revision of the matter were to be attempted. That, in spite of all discouragements and .threats, a demand for " revision " had grown up, which was supported by an increasing number of: " intellec- tuals," who were not afraid of being maligned as the hirelings of "a conspiring syndicate of all the superstitions.' . So far as present or past events and living persons are involved in dreams of hallucinations, the ground is becoming clearer, and many of the phenomena are passing out of the sphere of the supernatural. The modern doctrine of telepathy is, of course, one of the chief aids to inquiry - a doctrine which Mr. Knowles in the Nineteenth Century has plausibly sought to connect with wireless telegraphy, and, indeed,- the one can hardly be said to be more wonderful .than the other. With predictions of the future-such as those in the extraordinary story told in the memoir of Sir John Drummond Hay of the girl who predicted all the chief events of his career - and appearances of the dead, we enter an entirely different field. No one can now _ approach them with the unreasoning scepti- cism of the eighteenth century any more than with the credulity of the Middle Ages. Only a serious and systematic examination of recorded experiences can satisfy those who, having reluctantly parted with the consolations of a simple faith, look wistfully beyond the pale of sense and seek some light upon that momentous riddle which positive science now acknowledges that she cannot solve. . No Prince has. ever been so popu- lar, and no Princess so beautiful and well-beloved. It is those who know the Princess best _ who are most devoted to her service, and she never appears to stich advantage as in her own home, simply dressed in the slightly trained and tight - sleeved frocks she has always affected, and tying on her own apron when she goes out to feed her horses and dogs. She is ever the most charming hostess,.seeking her favourite guests in their own rooms for a chat, and putting even comparative strangers at their ease. Her great hobby is music. She went.incognito to Bay- reuth one year, and might have been seen there walking and talking with Faure, the well-known French com- poser, about the Passion plays ; but some of the happiest moments of her life were spent with her young children, and now it'is her grand- children, whom she pets and spoils. Although her Majesty is univers- ally acknowledged to berthe greatest monarch who has ever lived, and the celebration of her longest reign two years ago", has added all over the world to her eclat, it is the Prince and Princess of Wales who rule social England. See* Harding's Illustrated advt, on page S of this ¡BBue.* 