' I'Bt The Vagrant. J I Idolator, who won the Australian Cup of 1896, haa returned to Victoria from India, and he ib ?intended to do stud duty at Gippalaud. The Paterson Jockey Club . announces its inten ifn ni-vh meetinsr on the 29th December, when an attractive programme will be submitted. At a race meeting at Gaarler, South Australia, on Monday, Prythian, who won the Evanstona Handicap, paid the handsome dividend oE ^58 in the totalisator. Vane, a full sister to Plying Fox, was tried at Kingsclore with five others before the mail left. The filly did not shape too well, and finished fourth in a field of five. Before the racing started at Flemington on Saturday, the stewards continued the inquiry into the c*uae of Barleycorn's fall in theCoburg Stakes, but found that there was not sufficient evidence to show how the accident took place. The many frie'nds of Mr. Robert Fleming, the popular secretary to the Newcastle Jockey Club, ?will regret to learn that he is rather Berioualy ill. X hope to see the genial Bob buBy at hia customary duties at the N.J.C. meeting on the 23rd. Dewey was submitted for sale by auction in Mel bourne with other thoroughbreds on Monday, but was withdrawn from the ring when biddings had reached 2000 guineaB, Payten intimating that his reserve was 500 guineaB more. I should say Parthian ?was cheaper at 1450 guineas. Mr. F. H. Heath (of Gaunt and Co.) timed the first half-mile of the C. B. Fisher Plate on Saturday to be run in lmin. 3}-3ee., the second half in lmin, IJsec., the third hair in 56Jsec., and the last half in 48aec. Merriwee's concluding half- mile is, Mr. Heath states, the smartest he has over timed. At a sale of racehorses in Melbourne on Monday Parthian was purchased by Mr. T. Muir for 1450 guineas. Others to sell were — Hopscotch to J. Hayes for 115gs. ; Beachcomber, Mrs. Wood, for 160gs. ; Mrecenas to J. Cerf, W.A., for 200gs. j Gnullo, D. Fountain, 130gs. ; Security, J. Hamilton, 280gs. ; Ace of Diamonds, H. Roarty, IGOga. An inquiry waa held on Monday by tha com mittee of the Mudgee District R.C. into the chargeB laid againat the running of Loch Arrow in the Spring Handicap. Spence (part owner of the horse) was disqualified for three years, Qninn (part owner) for two yearB, and the jockey and the horse £or six months. The horse had been bought on approval. The V.R.C. handicapper (Mr. Dakin) has asked \- the committee to hold an inquiry into April Fool's running in the Carnival Handicap aa compared ?with hia performance in the Final Handicap, which he won. The form shown by the stable mateB Voyou and April Fool in Victoria was very contra dictory, bnt it was evident every gallop wbb improving them. A few thoroughbreds were disposed of last week at Brisbane. Among them were the brood mare Iiittle Cia, with colt foal at foot by Buckthorpe, 100 ' guineaB ; -Ob f by Buckthorpe— Slendide, 85 guineaa ; ch'yearling by Buckthorpe — Splendide, 41 guineaa ; and Remus, by July — Reisling, 50 guineas. _ The lot passed in included Splendide, 120 guineaa; Boscobel, 215 guineas ; and Checkmate, 25 guineas. Tbe Oaks victreas Nitre is by Oil Colour from Mitrailleuse (a good mare in her day), by Musket from Eryoina, by Sledmere. She ia owned by Mr. James Wileon, aenr, who has won the same race no fewer than nine timea. My Dream (1868), Formosa (1871), Maid of All Work (1875), Briueie' (1876), Pardon (1877), Melita . (1878X, Petrea (1879), and Royal Maid (1881), being winners previously trained by him. A cablegram haa been received from England of a most encouraging character oE the doings of the crack Victorian hurdle rider, J. E. Brewer. Brewer took a valuable team oE horse to England, but determined to try his fortunes in the saddle, aa the horses he took with him have not yet struck form. He rode the Sydney horae Tornado at a small meet ing at Hawthorn-hill, and succeeded in capturing, two hurdle racea. ' Mr. G. Troy, of Cootamundra, baa had the mis fortune to lose hia thoroughbred horee Steel Arrow. It appears the horae, ' while running in a paddock, became entangled in a wire fence, and by hia effortB to free bimBelf inflicted such injuries to hiB legs ?that it was deemed advisable to destroy him. Steel Arrow, who wbb by Maribyrong from Silvoi stream, waa a good performer, and besides winning races in Sydney and Melbourne, placed the Coota mundra and Albury Cupa to hia crecit in 1891. At the Queensland Turf Club races on Saturday Ranjitsinbji, by Forest King — Ghinni Ghinhi, ran a dead heat with Av'dious in the Toombul Handi cap, for Charlie Roberts. Lady Roland, by Roland — Miss Munro accounted for the Flying Welter; Notre Dame, by Buckthorpe — My Lady, Crater, and Reprobate filled the placea in the Southport 'Handicap; Safety took the Third Novice Handicap, Geology, by Martini-Henry — Georgina, the Stanley Plate, and Little Tartan, by Tartar-Nandu, got away with the Presidents' Handicap. .A telegram from Melbourne statea that the im proved form shown by Parthian on tho third and fourth days of tho late V.R.C. Spring meeting has led Mr. W. A. Long to ask the V.R.C. committee to enquire into his running in the Yan Yean StakeB on Cup day. In that race Parthion shared favouritism with Gnullo, but finished fifth to Tabilk, who won by three lengths from Model. On i that occasion, however, the ground was very heavy, and much cut up, and it may have been the cause of the Sydney colt'B poor display. At a meeting of the stewards oE the Queensland TurE Club on Friday last the riding of the lad ?'Roghan on the Little Bernie colt Master' Bernie in tho Prince of WaleB Cup came up Eor consideration. The atewardB were oE the opinion that Roghan was not sufficiently experienced to take part in a race at headquarters at preaent, and they decided not to p.Uow him to ride until he became more profioient. Thia action oE the stewards may appear unjust to young Roghan, but it was necessary in the 'interests of good racing and the safety of the liveB of other jockeys. The atowarrts have aoted wisely and aa much in the interest of the lad himself as anyone else. The stakes won at the V.R.C. meeting'amounted ?to J215,-152. and are divided between forty-four .owners. Following are the prinoipol winners : — MeBors. H. Power, JB507G ; F. Foy, £1317 ; J. Turn bull, £1047; W. A. Long, £1034 ; E. H. Knight, £591; T. Payten, £530 ; W. Leonard, £486; W. Bailey, £468; J. Wilson, £444; C.N. Kidman, £345 ; J. Crozier, £327 ; Geo. Lee, £300 ; J. H. Davis, £283; A. Maple £273; I. Foulsham, £261 ; J. Rowen, £258; J. Cripps, £23-1 ; J. and W. Lindsay, £225 ; M. H. Devlin, £220; J. Hewton, £200; W.'R. Wilson, £180; A. Taylor, £150; J. Northern, £140; W. and C. Wilson, £130; A. M'Cracken, £100. The Musket blood wob very prominent at tbe meeting of the Victoria Racing Club. It was much to the fore on Thursday, four of the ?winners possessing strains of tho blood whioh 'flowed in the veins oE Carbine, the greatest of all Australian champions. 'Old Jack,' who haa not been the sucnesa'at thu stud tbht his breeding and performances foreshadowed, had a winner himself in Ballistite, who in the final tussle in tho Veteran Stakes with Flodden showed all the gameneas which was a characteristic oE hia aire. Tho dams of Kenley (Flying Stakes), Parthian (Carnival Handicap), ond Nitre (Oaks) , are nil descended from Musket, while the second and third in the Nursery Handicap, tho second in tho Carnival Handicap, the second in the Oaks, and the third in tho Veteran StakeB are oIbo descendants oE his. Archercss, tho dam of Parthian, is closely in- bred. She is by a son of Musket (Trenton), and her dam, Bay Archeress, is a daughter of MuBket's aire Toxopholite. The additionol victories oE Merriwee and Parthian on-Saturday gave the record a further fiilip. From Turanvillee I lean oE the death of Flying Shale*, which took place there a few days ago, but which did not occasion Mr. Cook much surprise, as the fine old bay had been pining awny for a long time. Flying Shales became an inmate of the Tuianville stud about eighteen years ngo, nnd Mr. Cook has upon several occasions refused tempting offers for tbe horse, who in his prime was a remarkably fine looking fellow, a great Bwinging, true, even mover with delightful action, and tbat he bad paco he demonstrated by putting up a registered record 171 miles in an hour in England. He had been a most service able and profitable horae at the stud, having sired a very large number of the class of stock that are required for remounts as well as high-class carriage and saddle horses. Many of his sons aro doing Btud duty in New South Wales, Queensland, and the othtr colonies, and ho haa fortunately loft several entire sons and daughters at Turanville fcj keep his memor^ green. Mr. Cook sot great value on Flying Shales and no wonder, for he was the beBt horBe of hia class that ever left England. At the Ravensbourne Swimming Club's gain, Eng., held laat month an S8 yards' opan handicap was a prominent feature from both the number ot entries and the reputation of many of those who sent in their names. With J. H. Derbyshire at scratch, E. C. V. Lane and J. H. Hellings received a start of lsec. each, while J. A. Jarvis was on the 3sec. mark. Hellings won his preliminary heat, but tho three other cracks named did not start, preferring to reserve themselves for a still more important engagement at tho same gathering. This was a friendly match of an international flavour, Hellings and Lane swimming against Derbyshire and Jaivis. The conditions were that Hellings and Derbyshire should start together and finish two lengths (88 yards), Lane and Jarvis then entering tho water for a ten lengths' (440 yards) race as their respec tive colleagues ' touched,' tho first swimmer home in the 440 yards' race to decide the match. Aa Derbyshire beat Hellings by two yards, Jarvis of course had that start over Lane, but the Australian gradually overhauled him, and aa Jarvis did not keep a straight course be juBt got done by a touch. Lane was fearfully exhausted at the finish, and had to be lifted out of the water. So great was the crush at Flemington on Derby day that while the candidates for tbe blue ribbon were being led round the Baddling paddock juat prior to leaving the paddock for the course the attendants had a deal of trouble in lead ing their charges round. It waa at thiB stage (writes a Victorian) that an un fortunate accident occurred, in which a party of four, consisting of two ladies and two gentlemen, were mixed np. It seems tbat a horse, who waa a low looking animal with a goose rump and a good deal' of white showing in his eye, inadvertently nibbled at a whisp of green chiffon that fluttered from the dress of one of the ladieB under the im pression that it was prime oaten hay. The lady with drew the produce in alarm, and the gentleman who was with her bestowed a smart slap upon the flank of the hungry animal. That waa the signal for an exhibition of emotion on the part of the horse, which waa singularly out of place, and he at once gave a display of high kicking, which should Becure him a lucrative position in the General Post Office- aa soon as he retires from the turf. . By the time the gentleman had pickedup hia belltopperand pinched himself all ovar to see whether he was alive or not, the horse, with a 'mischievous look in his eye, was halE way to the course. Some of those who saw the . race for the Spring Stakes at Flemington on Saturday are oE opinion that Parthian had no right to defeat Merriwee, and that iE the last named had not been mixed up in the bumping of Tremarden he would have gone through the meeting without being beaten. That may be so ; but it ia w'orthy of note that Mr. Herbert Power, who owub Merriwee, has suffered loss before in a somewhat similar fashion. When Cheater got home half a head before Mr. Powar's Savana,ka for the Melbourne Gup of 1877 it was solely because Waxy tumbled in front of hia representative, thus enabling the Hon. James White to land a very big stake and doing Mr. Power out of one.. In the last Melbourne Cup Blue Metal and Burrabari interfered with Merriwee by falling in front of him, bnt there was no Chester in at 6vt. 121b. this' season, and the son of Bill of Portland made up the lost. ground and won. As I have before remarked Merriwee iB only a little fellow, for although he is said to stand about as high as either Aurum or Bobadil he ia much narrower than that brilliant pair, and as be had been trained to the last gasp some one ejacu lated aa he ambled down to the poat for the Cup — ' Merriwee looks as though he would like to flop down and go to sleep where he is.' At Rosehiil on Saturday all the winners were backed in two attempts, so that punters mUBt have enjoyed themselves. Latom, who is by Metal out of Limerick Lass, had no difficulty in downing Little Joci and Ednaa for the Maiden Handicap. A moat unusual thing occurred in tho Prince'a Handicap, for which, despite the fact that there were twenty nominations the only one to go to the poat waa Torment, who walked over for halE the prize. Some o£ the horseB entered were on the ground, and the only reason that can be asaigned for their withdrawal ia that their owners saw very little prospnet of getting what they con sidered a fair price about them. Torment is by Mentor from Poldano, and was sold some i months back in Sydney for £7 or £3, at which price it must be acknowledged be was a very good bargain, for he haB since won several handicops. The Splendor-Florence gelding Ambition again proved altogethor too solid for hia opponents in the J umpera' Flat Race, for which he was equal favour ite with Rittlewinga. Firth, by Churchill from Pansy, who heat Latem and Wat Tyler in the High weight Handicap, is evidently smart, and Csrberra, who has been doing good service for the Wizird of the North recently, started at 2 to I for the Royal Handicap, and after pulling over her opponents until well in the straight the Carbine mare waa then given her bead and beat Wyalong and ICalla tina in a canter. The consistent Willie, who iB by Cnnzoni — Vespa, beat Spiteful and Victory in the Welter Mile. It is hard to believe that Dewey and Dowry — one a ' apeedy squib,' the other a horee of first-class merit — are brother and sister; but tbo 'Australian Stud Book' — that peerage of their order — affords indubitable proof that they stand in that relation ship. How different the characteristics ! The oddity may be left to the disciples-of Bruce Lowe to exolain. The theory that by putting No. This and No. That together the breeder will almost un failingly prodnce ' the racehorse of tha century' recalls an amusing story told by Mark Twain (says a writer in a contemporary). It was on ship-board : the doctor had fallen Bick, and Mark Twain was asfee# to act as his locum tenens, a request with whioh he readily complied, anxious always to be of service to his fellow- voyagers. The doctor's vade-mecum was a jumble of figures and con tractions, easily understood by the doctor, but worst; than Greek to the humourist. The doctor, however, explained that hiB remedies for simple ailments were represented by numberB — 'No. 1,' ' No. 2,' ' No. 3,' and ao on — the numbers in- the book correaponding to the numbers on the bottles in the laboratory. Mir!: Twain's firat patient waa a steerage passenger, suffering from a splitting headache. Consulting the book, the remedy pre scribed waa 'No. 15,' but on reaching up for tho bottle so labelled he found that it was empty 1 Thia waa awkward for tho budding M.D.; but after a mental effort, a happy thought struck him, and taking a medicine-glasa he poured a few drops of No. 7 into a little of No. 8 — thus making 15! The mixture worked like a charm. The patient was out of his bunk in a jiffy, and stood on hia head— a monument to the efficacy of Mark Twain's figure system 1 Thefields at Canterbury Park mcetingon Tuesday were somewhat small, and that fact gave backers a better chance than usual of finding winners, but they did not avail thomaolvea o£ tha opportunity with much spirit. They were on to Argyle, how ever, for the Hurdle Race, which tho aon of Lochiel aud Almn won easily from tho erstwhile up-country crack Souvenir II., who may yet win a few racea over hurdles, as ho carries weight well. Landmark was third. The Steward's mile was responsible for the victory of another of Lochiel's progeny, for Blanche Florence defeated tho Newcattlc- trained horseB Ocean Boy . and Speculation after a hard struggle, h.mds only separating the place-getters. Stolene, Murra, and Tryon fell daring the race, and the last named, who waa bred at Turanville and got by Gemma di Vergy from Jessica, by Grandmaster, was killed. Ho was a very fair performer, but waa rather inconsistent, an d aa he was in hia tenth season had probably seen his beat dava. ThyreBR was sorted out to land the Park Stakes, but tho whilom pony was never dangorous, the places going to Prudence, Little Joe, and tho Scone mare Cyanide. Tho winner ia by Progresa from Jessica, and has lost moro money for tho genial Ted Heppell than he haa won on her, although aa she ia a good looking mare ahe may yet settle down preparatory to Bottling up for several of her miBdeeds. Blue Veat seldom doeB her owner a good turn, but the daughter of Martini-Henry and Blue and White was on her best behaviour yesterday, and accounted for Abington and Goldbuat] in the Flying Handi cap. Punters went for Como for tho Canterbury Handicap, and the son of Beauchamp and Ettio, won, but it was only after a rare struggle with Willie, who j net missed winning his third race in succession. Fortune, a halE sister to Ballistite, was third, and then Eollowed the ancient Swell, Kallatina — who is apparently on the down grade again— and Glitter. Durham, by Beauchamp— Belvoirina, trounced tha non- staying Mervyn and the unlucky Speculation in the Shorts. Writes ' Milroy' : Mr. George Lee had every reason to be satisfied with the results at Fleming ton, as he bred the winner of the Derby and Cup and the runner-up for the Maribyrnong Plate, as well as the dam of Miss Carbine, who won the Hotham Handicap. He also bred the sire of Dewey's dam, the sire of Flintlock's dam, the granddam of Mora, and the sire of Wait-a-bit's granddam, and all those mentioned are descendant's of his grand old mare Sappho, by Sir Hercules, whom Mr. Lee bred when he was a very young man. Sappho's dam, old Sappho, by Marquis, was a present to Mr. John Lee from his father. In due course he put his present to Sir Hercules, who was the only serving stallion Mr. Lee ever held a share in. He and one of his brothers owned the ' Stockwell of Australia' for a time between them. Old Sappho's pledge to Sir Hercules was a filly, grey like herself, and from her. Young Sappho, Mr. Lee bred Kingsborough, Lecturer, Savanaka (all by Kingston), Nellie, Spinningdale, , and others. Spinningdale and the colts he sold, but kept Nellie, who won tbe Maribyrnong Plate and A.J.C. Derby before she went to the stud, where she threw Wilga and Etra Weenie. Wilga whom Mr. Lee sold, is the dam of Miss Carbine, and from Etra Weenie Mr. Lee bred Merriwee, Wigelmar, and Diffidence. To Atlantic Spinningdale threw White Star, the dam of Mora, while Dewey's dam is by Savanaka; Flint lock's dam is by Lecturer (brother to Savanaka), and Wait-a-Bit's granddam is by their other brother, Kingsborough, therefore the blood of Mr. Lee's first great brood mare played a very prominent part in the proceedings at Flemington. The largest number of brood mares ever held by Mr. Lee was three, and as he has bred the celebrities named as well as The Barb, Barbarian, Barbelle, and many others of minor importance, such as Yarran, Sainora, Phaon, Democrat II., and Emily, he has indeed done wonders. He has now Etra Weenie breeding and in time will use Wigelmar and Diffidence, two likely fillies to keep up to Sappho character for a long time to come. Mr. Lee attributes a deal of this success to not keeping stallions. Had he kept a stallion it is only natural that he would have given his own horse the preference with his mares, but not having one to prejudice his judgment he was free to select mates for his mares among all the stallions of Australia, and the results obtained are sufficient proof of the soundness of his system. An old friend who is an enthusiastic supporter of all movements pertaining to sport, writes : — ' Re your note on our (Clarence River jockey Club) programme. I wish you to 'review' the idea of the three £100 prizes and Cup for points gained at the three distances. We aim at inducing owners to train their horses for the longer distances. There is two much attention given in my opinion to flutters of 3/4 mile. I believe the public take as much interest in the starts as they do in the finishes; and we are gradually trying to increase our distancea to enable the public to witness the starts. I have the idea that it would be educative to offer prizes for groups — stallion, dam, and progeny — shown at some of our race meetings. By so doing, we should be showing the effect of mating certain mares with particular stallions. In days of novelties, it is necessary. I think, to introduce such innovations as I have sketched. I regret that some of the leading pro vincial clubs have not taken up the subject of breaking down the monopoly of the A.J.C. Why should any one club control racing? Such power should be in the hands of an elective body, and the clubs who pay registration fees, should have the privilege of electing those who control — at least this is the opinion of the writer — for what it is worth. Briefly put the facts are these: On the programme of the C.R.J.C. for its meeting to be held in July, 1900, there are three items described thus — The Cup Handicap of £100, 6 furlongs; first horse, £75, second £15, third £10.- The Cup Handicap of £100, 1 mile; first horse £75, seoond £15, third £1. On the second day Cup Handicap of £100, 1J mile; first horse £75, second £15, third £10, the weights to be declared on the first night of races. Then comes Gold Cup, value £25, to be given to winner of most points in the three Cup handicaps, the points to count — 5 for first horse, 3 for second, and 2 for third horse in each of three Cup races. No extra nomina tion fee for this. If any tie, the race to be run off at the one mile distance and weights, including penalties. Horses must be nominated in all the three Cup events, or cannot be allowed to participate in the Gold Cup. My correspondent has asked me for my opinion, and I have no hesitation in saying that I am thoroughly in favour of the idea of the divided race, to which I can only see very trivial objections. I will return to the subject when I have more leisure, and will content myself with saying that I wish we had a few pro gressive spirits such as my kindly correspondent, over this side. Tho Spring race meeting of the V.R.C. concluded on Saturday in very pleasant circumstances, and aptly enough the sport was of a high-clasB and the finiehea generally exciting. Baokers mado a bad start by laying odda of 9 to 4 on Merriwee for the Spring Stakes, which wont to Parthian (by Grand Flaneur — Arcbereas) after a desperate finish. All tho running was made by Mr. Long's colt, whoae exclusion from the field for the Cup waa evidently a grave mistake ; but Joo Burton advised that the colt should be scratched aB he was dofeated in gallops on two or three ocoasiona by Cremona. It is plain . now that Parthian has come on a deal Bince then. Tabilk waa third on Saturday, andTramarden,.who was by Trenton — Lady Marden, ran hia last race, aa aftor being accidentolly interfered with by Merriwee in tho straight ho fell, broke his sholudei' and had to bo destroyed. Aut'ous, a half siBfcer to Aurum, was the popular pick for the Flomington Stakes, but Mr. Wilson's luck was dead out at the reunion, the winner turning up in Hautboy, by Haut Brion — Meridian, who started at 10 to 3, corried 9at 71b and won easily, so it ia probablo that ho is at the head of the soason'8 two-year -olds. Lop Metford and Mora were most favoured for 'tho V.R.C. Handicap, but both shaped dis Rppointingly ond the placea went to Voyou, KJoddon and Dirk Hammerhand, Mr. Hordern'B horse carrying tho steadier of 9st 21b and winning cosily by several lengths. As Voyou ran tho milo and three-quarters in 3.4 moro unlikely things havo happened than that Voyou, like Positano laBt year, would havo won the Melbourne Cup if tho rnco had been run on Saturday. CiB Parker was fined £2 for not riding Mora out at tho finish. Tho gallant old grey Snapshot, who is by Commstion'a brother Paris out of Bull's Eye, and who is oiio of tbo best all round horses wo have, ne ho has won dozens of races on tho fiat, over hurdles and big timber, although only a pony, easily oapturod tho Steeplechase, in which four of the ten runnors fell. Merriwee was pulled out again for tho C.'B. Fisher Plate, a two miles raco in which ho waa opposed by Dewey, Waita Bit, Tabilk, and Tho Auatralion Star, and they finished in the order given, tho Cup victor winning easily from Payten's colt after making nearly all tho running. After Buch a display there can bo no donbt which is tbo better colt of tho pair, and if Morriweo keeps sound and thickens out thero should bo a great future before the littlo son of Bill of Portland, who, for one thing at least, is a real Etayer. Tho Australian Star again shaped badly, and either ho haB gono completely off or ho is a rogue of tho deepest dye. The time (3.49 J) was wrotchodly alow. Sydney-Riders ngain triumphed in the Final Handicap, for which Fitzroy was in strong request at 4 to 1, Delusive and April Fool boing marketable at a couple of points more, and tho last-named, who was very nicely handicapped, beat DelUBive by a couple of lengths, with Aleraene third, .and our old acquaint ance Glenroy last. Tho race meeting of tho Northern Jockey Club, which concluded at Rutherford on Friday, cannot have increased the club's bank balance much ; in deed, I am afraid that when accounts are made up and marked paid, the money will be in the wrong pockets. Every club has its good and bad days, tho Bweets and the bitters succeed each other just aa surely as one precedes the other, but I am fain to say the N.J.C. holda very few trumps when it plays the great game. How to improve matters should engage the attention of the committee, ond ono method I would suggest is that larger prizas should be given. It is evident that locally racing is at a low ebb, for the attendance at Ruther ford is principally made up of visitors from Newcastle and the adjacent mining townshipa, although the membership of the club is fixed at the very moderate fee of a guinea. In the old days it was altogether different, but the old brigade haB marched into another world, and they have left only very unsubstantial ghosts behind. They havo little spirit, anyhow. Many complain that the courao iB too far away from town to be convenient, and there may be something in that, but stilt the distance ia not too great for those who like racing. Another item ib that of expense. A holiday maker with a taste for sport may go to Newcastle and back, Bay forty milea, cheaper than he can gp to Rutherford and back, Bay six milea. Here are the figures : — Newcastle. '.''i .8. -d. Train ? ? .................... l'lO y Book ? ? ? 1 0 . Gate ? ? 1 0 Legor stand ? 0 6 Rutherford. s d ' Bus ? ? 2 0 Book...:..; ? ? ? ? 1 0 - Gate ? ? ? ? 1 0 : Leger atand ..............1...... ...... 1 0 -. :?!... ' . - 5 0 Entrance to the saddlidg yard at each place costs. 10a.' Grog and grub cost about the eamn, of course a person can travel from West Maitland to Ruther ford and back cheaper by train than two shilling?, but my figures apply to the more favoured route. The visitor to Newcaatle may also enjoy the pleasurable benefits of inhaling a chestful of ozone from the sea swept beach ; but I suppose there can be no help for it. Newcastle is wonderfully well situated, whilst the population also greatly assists it. The finishes at Rutherford on oach day were excel lent, and the pity of it was that the fielda were so i small. In the Shorts on Friday Winnie somewhat compensated Joe Brown for the narrow defeat of Welcome in tho principal handicap on Thursday, for after the daughter of Beauchamp had been backed down to evens ahe beat Hereford by half a length. Winnie showed a great dash of pace in the straight, but she was getting very slow at the finish, and bad Hereford been thoroughly wound up he would have beaten her. The race for the Ruther ford Handicap was-a farce, for Cheeky waa only cantering, and won aa he liked by six lengths from Turquini and Oralene, and if this wa3 the true form of the laat named pair they are not worth training. Oralene ia about aa fat as a hen on tbe forehead, although Ted Simmons tella me she has dozens of eggs and laehins of beer during the week. Turquini was brought up from Sydney to win two or three races, but he never showed any pace, although he looked well. I am afraid he is no good. It waa only the other day that some of us were strangely imbued with the idea that we we could pick the Melbourne Cup winner, yet yesterday when only four horsea saddled up for the N.J.C. Handicap the majority overlooked Standard, and devoted their attention to the other three. It was a very close thing, and ill fortune again pursued Aberdare, and beat him, for young Barclay rode the greater part of tho journey minua a etirrup, and at the end Standard finishing very resolutely in answer to Hartigan'a calls, won by a head, with Jack Tar third, and Marshall last, although be was favourite. In Feramorz the Messrs. Ealea have a useful geld ing, but he ia far from being of high clasa and not at all attractive in appearance. Hie hind legs are very suggestive of ringbone, but I am told the aon of The Australian Peer was foaled with the blemish. Yesterday he was installed favourite for the Woltor, and he won a good race from Cheeky and Ovid, the firat two being sons of The Peer. Privateer is not nearly so gooda horse as the maj ority of handicappers would suggest, but ho was a bit better than the lot whioh opposed him in the Final Handicap yester day, and after being mado favourite tbe son of Butler and Iris, who looked really well, managed to down The Snail and Winnia, the last named being well baokod. Tom Cush had a rare time of it, for six of the ten races on the programme were won by horses trained by him, and I am glad to Bee him ngain in luck, for there are few, if any, more capable men with a hqrae in the colony than tho same Mr. CuBh. The aettling over the meeting was held at the Sportsman's Arma Hotel, whan Mr. O. K. Young occupied the chair, and the MeBsrs. Ealea wet the necks of those present. The following amounts were paid away : — Mr. W. H. Mackay, £65 ; Mr. Joshua, £45 ; Messrs. W. and A. Ealea, £33 ; Mr. Jos. Brown, £28; Mr. W. Tuck, £23; Mr. D. Mullens, £23; Mr. E. Cheetham,. £22; Mr. T. Judge. £20 ; Mr. J. B. Barclay, £5; Mr. G. Taylor, £2 ; Mr. P. M'Cartby, £2 ; Mr. E. Curtis, £2. 