NOVEL. The Wonder-Witch By m, e, McClelland, I CHAPTER VII.— (Continued.} ' Did yoa do anything to help him f ' she questioned. A sadden forlornness settled like a oloud on ths elder woman's face. She seemet aloof and isolated. ' I'har was a box in ther house, and 1 foiled it with pine- tags, and spread Kit's weskit over 'em, fur a oradle,' she said, humbly. ? Pine- tags is healthy to sleep on. I 'lows to oook up a passel of Tittles whenst I gits home aud send my ole man down with ? 'em. 1 ain.t no nasi myself, being nervy and 'feard to handle doctor's truck, i 11 git word about, too, bj ther chili kin be keered for.' Boih held baok words nearly spoken, and substituted others. In tbe background of the old woman's life was a tragedy, in which a mistake in the giving ot meaioine had resulted fatally to one she loved. This con fession of inoapaoity was au indirect allusion to it, and the firxt that Ruth had ever heard her make. A awiit oou.paesion fiilad ktt, ? ? - nana She nsstcnoa TO'&sfcume; the responsibility too great for these other hands. ' You did wi«elj to mention this matter to me,' sbe eeid, gently. ? We are much nearer to hollow tli an the other neighbors, and the house is on our land. I'll go over myself and see about the ohild. Mammy can tell me what to do. She knows all about babies. I wish she could go with m», but she's bed ridden with rheumatism. Cm you get word to the doctor, do you think f I mast take Tony with me to carry some bedding and other things whioh mu-t be needed.' To be sure she oould, Mra Wheat declared. Indeed, a visit to Uie I'sz^weils was part of her day's programme. Mrs Ttzewell wished to have a rag carpet maoe lor her upper hall, and had given tbe jub to Mrs Wheat, who was the best carptt- weaver intheooanty. A consultation about rags anddye staffs wss neaessttry : so the old woman could kill two birds with one atone. 'ill start tne void round 'bout'n Kit likewise,' she affirmed, as she donned the' * yellow eon- bonnet aud rose to depart. 'You'U git help aiore sundown. Maudy , Turner's pti-ue nuns, and 1 11 step by to see her. Maybe she'll oume for tbe nigkt — h»r, or Sarah Carter. 1*111 name it to both. Good- day , Miss Rath. I 'owed Kit oould . oouni on fitting heip from here fust, being as thev-all played 'long of yonr all, and fit 1 long of yon-all too * Whtn her foot was fairly in thtf path, the old wom-tn delayed her g- iog to give Ruth . .another item ot news, overlooked in stress ot . greater matter : * 'Twos named at the sto' yestidly that thar war company at Tasewell's ; not ther New York gal, nother. aha've been thar some time, and liable to stay, being satisfied 'long ot we-ali e vittles. T -i- here's a man. Oome yeetiddy by train. Jim Bryant aeed Ylifn ' III »«|1 ha ?»* sbsmht aoil 1m^_ I sin t heam whether be fetched a ohist 1 or oome in a bundle. Jim studied oui 'twas ther New York gal's beau.' OHAPTEB Till. True to her promise, Buth set out about her preparations at speed. While the , negio buy T*ny saddlea the horses she interviewed mammy as to things required for a siok infant, and got them together. At the old woman's eaggestiun, too, she ' investigated an ola ohest of drawers in her mother's room, and selected from the heard of haif- worn but sentimentally preserved baby-linen suoh srtiolee as might be needful. Alter ita long, man-tended journey, the little one's sanitary oonaitioB was likely to . be deplorable. She packed up also a boitle of milk, white sugar, and a few heavier provisions fur Kit e susteaanoe, adding at ths last a few odd bits of crockery. 'That poor oreawre has come baok to bare .walls and naught else,' she mused, while making hsr collection. ' Any odds sad ends ' As Geauys may have left vagrant negroes have snapped up long ago, of conns. I'll take a frying-pan and a ooffee-pot, too, as . wdl as a oouple of comforts. For the rest of tbe necessaries Kit most levy on other neighbors until he can make definite 'arrangements' , The tide through the woods wss enjoy , able, for the atmosphere was brauiag from tU light Inat of ihe previous night, aud redoiect with rich autumn odors. Wila ' grepe-vTMs netted the roadside, heavy with .. -.aeta black cluster* ; the persimmon-bees . showed a thlok studding of tawny fruit upon ; ' ' every bare twig, and in sheltered nooks and low planes euphorbia blossomed, liiao and 8 'wfrita and ecari&t; love-vine tangled glor .; i»nsly, and belated ' black eyed Susans' f ' ' BUM annset patches of oolar. Beside the . pathway maundered a brisk snoimtain brook, ' / ^ poai-abti' asid fruigea oB its with wild ' : gsanan«ad tern., wuu a loltier top-growth ; dafwooo, isssestm, sod water-poplsr shoots, amidst thickets of spioewood and marsh willows. Overhead gray squirrels lnaped nimbly among the otmnohes, aad deftly popped nuts Into knot- holes . and crannies, gsmering the wood harvest with thrift. Along .the pathway ahead a rabbit . loped slowly, apd Ruth pat Iter how into a run for. the pleasure of seeing the creature | mood his ]paoe tq long .leaps, and then dart sidewiya into {he bpphes, .when his brown far made him indistinguishable from the fallen leaves as he squatted in form, with his ootton-wl hidden. ... When both entered ths ol earing in whieh the oabin stood, ths son had passed ths meridian and the light-rays war* slanted to an angle which brought out ths salt grays and browns of the old logs, the red of ths clay chinking, and the mellow duskiness of ths shingles, with definite sharpness. A light line of smoke toss from the chimney and lay in aerial spirals against a back ground of forest. Bath dismounted at the roagh porch, bidding Tony hitch the horses ana bring in the basket and bedding. Despite Mrs Wheat'a preparations, the interior of ths cabin chilled her by its pervasive atmasphere of desolation. The door of the aked-room, at the baok, hung forlornly open, giving a continuation of the dirt and barrenness whiob seemed to intensify it. Through the door-way and the unsatisfactory small pteaed window the light entered hudly, and .in cross- oarrents. The unsightliness of ths piece was increased by a papering of news* paper illustrations all over ons side, largely thredded, and hanging with ths giuny, pasted side outmost. Thsse nnsavocy decorations tbe breese toyed with, tbem about, and prodnetng with them a clever imitation of the snuffling aad scratch ing of rata. Tha only point at redemption in the soeae ware the hearth, whieh had been swept clean with a pine bough, and the fireplace, wherein was a low blase, surmounting bright embers. On one si(*e of the hearth was a rough j beooh, formerly nsed as a support for the 4 bee gums,' and beside it the box converted by Mrs Wheat into a bed for the ohild. As tbe door darkened with the entering guest, Kit Gentry roee and faoed it. He was a short, thick set man, aad stood awkwardly by reason of the wooden pin whiob supplied the plaoe of his left leg, gone from the knee down. His faoe was care worn and ragged, with an obstinate mouth, and a look of hopelessness in his eyes whish required bat little to turn it into desperation. ' ' with look against him* seemed written all over the man. He had a ohild's musing bottle in his hand, and the brim of his shabby wool bat was flattened against the crown, so as to lsave sight unimpeded. Rath oome forward at onoe, with extended hand and pleasant words of greeting. ' ' Mrs wheat told me about your getting home last night and flnHiwj no one,' she explained, ' and also that the baby was aiok. 1 ca-ne over to see if I coold help you.' There was in her tone and manner no hint of patronage, only straightforward kindness as irom one human being to another. The hard lines about the man's mouth relaxed a little, and the gloom in his eyes lifted. ' I'm obleeged to you,' he replied, simply ; 1 andther ohile needs women-folks' bearing badly. He air fevered some, and hev been fur a week. He's done quit relishing his vittles. 'Twar a hard liok finding au my flitted. I ? ' He paused abruptly, and gsz ad straight away, over her head. ? It was all hard, every bit of it,' assented Ruth, gently. 'Mrs Wheat told me, and i m sorrter than I oan tell you. We played together, you know ' It was a womanly touch, and made just I difEerance between pity and sympathy, fhe rough fellow had finenese enough to appre ciate it. His lips twitohed and his eyes moistened. He made no response in words, but he let her take the ohild's bottle from his band and assome undisputed authority. ' Perhaps the milk is soar,' she suggested. ' That may be the reason he won't taks it. Have you tasted it f ' Naw'm,' the father admitted. ' I p'intly do despise sweet milk myself, so 1 never thought about sampling his'n.' Buth smiled superior and emptied the contests of the bottle behind the 'ftre. It was of the gravest importance, she assured him, that infants' food should be pure and fresh. Then she despatched Mm to the spring for water and turned to the ohild. It was curled, like a kitten, on its father's veat in the box of aromatic pine-tags, and covered with a checked shawl whioh Rath recognized as belonging to Mrs Wheat. It was miserably pnny, with purple wains showing under its pallid akin, and great, dark shadows under its eyes. Its little frame seemed to Ruth nothing bat a skeleton ; its hands were like birds' claws, aad its clothing was stiff, uncomfortable, aad malodorous, ilut for the need of mere practical COM pass ion. Rath oould have want over it. Even to her aopraotlaed eyes ths stress of the little one appeared extreme, aad she eummoaed Tony and despatched him at onoe for Dr Tazewell, bidding him follow should ihe ductor be from home. It would aot do now to trust to Mrs Wheat, she decided. Toe old woman was on foot, and, besides, weula probably loiter aad gossip by ths wayside. Both found a battered tin basin aad aa empty tomato oan, both water tight, in the shed room, and, oat of sheer womanly revolt at the little one's appearanoe, did ths best thing passible for him — that is, administered a hot bath and a change m raiment. ?Don't yoa think be looks better F' ihe inquired of Kit, who had withdrawn to ths wood [die daring the ablations. 'I danno,' the man anawered, with | buoolio bluntness. ' He's a sight eleaner, ! better by that mnoh. To me, he don't lavor nothing 'cept a fresh -hatched catbird. B.e don't hardly ape htunan.' Whioh was so absolute a verity that it I made Buth wince. The ohild refused his food fretfully, availing in a piwow unaertoaa. Alter a while he dropped into a dose, whieh gradually deepened to stupor; his poise became small, quiok, and irregular; he oonghed a little, feebly aad spasorodiosUy, and bis akin seemed almost to sear Bath's cool hand when she touched it. Time passed, and her anxiety deepened. She glanoed aoross at the ohild's father, who avoided her eye and slouched forward with his elbows on bis knees and his faos set hard. He understood that which was passing tirongh her mind by its reflex aa his own. Pain quiokeas evea ordinary intelligence to sentences. About three o'olock oame the weloome clatter of hoofs, and dsn try roee awkwardly aal homed oat to meat the dootor. Rath faoed the doer expeotaatly, har lifted. The ana had rouaded tba ooiasr of the house, and its beams slanted through the soiled window-panes, touohing the woman's hair, aad slipping downward to rest on ths brow of the babe on her knee. Through the door-way entered a stranger —a tall, square shouldered man, with hazel ryes under long lashes, and a hsavy brown beard- — — OHaPTEB IX. Bath's look proclaimed -er disappoint ment. Medical aid was so sorely wanted A quiver passed over her faoe. The stranger oame forward and reassured her. ? Dr Taaewell was from home when the meesenger arrivod,' be explained. 'The uase seemed urgent, so I took tba liberty ol coming in h s stead. Mrs TasewaU advised it. She d been talking with aa old woman who was excited about this ohild. You can oust me. 1 am a doctor.' In her relief, Rath sailed up at him oordialiy. ? It was good of yoa to oome,' she said. ' Tens baby seems Tery 111.' She mads room on the bench beside hsr, aad the physician sat down and beat over the child on her lap. ' Hj«t long has he been oiHnatoss F in qtuzed, after a rapid examination. * Two boon oertainly,' she responded. ' Boon after I got here— about half-past . twelve — he began fretting, a feeble, miser able wail. He was dirty and unoomfort&ble;, so I took eff his clothing and game him a hoi bath. Was that wrong P 'No; the best thing possible, if you'd oily gone farther and given bim some whiskey aad milk. Have yoa a eap and spoon oonvenieat, aad a little milk F' Bath iadioated the basket on the other side of ths hearth. The dootor helped him self daftly, mixed a mild-toddy with a pomen of the oontents of his own pooket flask, aad administered a spoonful or two to the patient- Thea he arranged the box more oomfortably, with one of Bath's quilts, and took the ohild from her. ' Lsave him then tor a while,' he diieoted. ' It if better for him than being held. Now, what did you do with tbat olothiag I' Rath pointed out a dingy little heap behind ths benoh on whioh she was stated, and watched (his masterful stranger a trifle curiously while he fished the things oat with a bit of kindling-wood and tossed them into the fin. He seccnod to her evea more direct aad foreeful than is usual with his eraf t. ' If the disease ooatagieus r' she iaquired. ' Not at alL' he answered. ' It is gas trie fever. But there is ao tailing whatirdeetion the ohild has bsea exposed to. Mrs Taas well gave me to uaderstand that the mother ia dead and that the father carried the baby from Georgia in his arms. Is that so ?* Ruth bowed assent, and thea gave him the story, briefly, in outline. The prinolpa actor in it was busy with the dootors horse, which had been ridden at spesd, but he might enter at any moment. The pathos of it struck her anew. ' These people have been ooansoted with us for years, and have lived oa our land,' ?he volunteered, ia explanattoa of her owa own intrusion into the affair. 1 This man's father was my father's overseer, and we children played together. It grieved me I dreadfully to hear ol the trouble. He had no money, aad it wss the only way open to keep his promise to his dead wife. Did you notice that he is crippledf Then thlnfc 0f his getting here last night to fiad aa empty house and a oold hearthstone. Was it not hardf Her eyes filled as she spoke : she had, for the instant, lost right of the faot that he was a stranger, and lifted her glanoe to him as frankly and unconsciously as a child might have done. The dootor returned her gaze for half a seoond, and then looked away. A tender- na tared woman, he deoided, and one whose heart was prone to pull the wool over the eyes of her reason. And, man like, he admired her for it, feeling more drawn to her than to any woman he had met tor years. It is never the woman with no nonsense about her who gets ths firmsst hold upon men. ' The experience was pretty rough, * he admitted. ' Bat the fallow would have shown more tenderness by less precipitation. Tbe ohild was too young.' Rath was instantly on the defensive. 'He could not know,' she declared. ' An ignorant man, with no experience with babies. _ His thought wss of his promise and of his wife's wish. Aoeording to his light, he did hi' best.' ' Illogical aad partisan,' thought the dootor ; ' a thorough woman. I would not be surprised if she has backwoods prejudices in favor of domestic duties, the supremely of man, and a hereafter of rewards aad punishments. About half a dozen years of individualism and dominance of the e£o, sort of thing is refreshing.' he made no comment, for Kit Gentry stumped in with an armful of wood for the fire, and was promptly poauoed on by the aiediosl man and put through a cross- examination as to the child's previous conditions and symptoms. In the course of the talk it transpired that Kit, in his home ward progress, had passed through two infected regions: one, a town in oentral Georgia where yellow fever had been pre valent, and another, in North Carolina, where there had been several burials from small-pox. If the fellow had set out on a germ- quest, it did aot seem, to oae of his hsarers, aa though fuller or more varied opportunities would have been necessary. And the faot that, aoootding to His own account, Kit had 1 oome a -jumping through, Ilka a snake hunted hop-frog,' the moment ha beeame aware of the presenoe of disease in a looality, did not, in the mind, render ths situation innocuous. To the dootor, _ for tiie aonoe, the tragipathetio mountainnwr was degraded iato a peram bulating germ- distributor. j He chewed the end of his moustache 1 as he listened, aad before Kit, ia recital, bad hopped safely away from the seooad I infection, he wss busy smptyiag bis pookets of the bottles of bismuth, oalomel, ana other possibly nseded drugs, with whioh Mrs Tazewell had loaded him, in searoh of the prayer and disinfectants with whioh he had provided himself. Bash watched him with interest. TT«r chief knowledge of antiseptios was derived from Dr Tasewell'a diattibes Against that which ha was pleased to designate at the ' idiotic superfluity' of Professor lister's theory. When he had dilate^ his oarbolio aeid to his mind, the dootor advanced upon Ba'h with the precision and force of a oonquering army. ' Be so good aa to stand in ths light, young lady,' hs ordered, ' while I disinfeot you;' which he proceeded to do, system atically, aad from the throat down. ' It is the ounoe of prevention,' quoth he, 'and you held tha baby in your lap, of course, while yoa ohanged him, and very possibly his dnthTng afterwards.' He circled aroand. her at short raaga, aad Bath lifted her eves to him with s Idagh in them. His head was a trifle oaward, and his eyes intent on hit work, for he was directing ths fall of tha atomised drag on ha bosom and shonldsrs. Something in nis position, ma sweep oi his i the beauty of his forehead, or the mutinous fall of a slightly grayed look of hair aoross it, touohsd, in a shawdy way, a well-nigh intangible association. It was ss though the ghost of a forgotten harmony of us faintest suggestion of a oaoe-llked perfume had been rensxed bom the infinite open tbe woman's spiritual senses. The pining was instsataaeons, a wind olown shiver of mist, but it modified the expression of the eyes upliftsd to the physician's grave faee, aad also iavssted that faoe with aa intersat other than the situation called for— an interest utterly removed from that esoteric aflatas whioh humanity, for want of a ftn«r definition, calls sexual attraction. Unconscious of that whioh had happened, the dootor'a gsse followed the movements of his haals, whioh manipulated the bottle and bulb with aooustomed touches. M ben the job had been completed to his satis faction, his oountenaaoe beoame illtuniaed with shasasless self -approbation. (To be continued.) 