'THE BLACK COLONY,' Our junior morning contemporary comes out this morninsr with aa article bjr ' a special cor respondent ' on federation and black labor which it considers will come as a shock to all federa tionist^. The principal arguments used by the writer of this 'shocking article are an imperfect knowledge - of the physical capa bilities of the Nor'chorn Territory, and a wilful misinterpretation of a clause in the En abling Act. The loose and inaccurate statement is made that under the bill the Northern Terri tory will become simply a black labor celony, and the bill is framed to accommodate that result. The clause quoted is one from that portion deal ing with the powers of the Federal Parlia ment, stating that the Parliament shall have the power to make law* for the goYernment of . ' the people of any race, other than the aboriginal race in any State, for whom it is deemed neeessary to make special laws.'. So far as this clause is concerned it dis tinctly places the power in the hands of the Federal Parliament of making any alien lavs they like, including these for exclusion; and because provision is made for making such laws, and wisely too, it does net follow, except to the anti-hilieus imagination, that therefore alien races will be especially invited over here to legislate for. This argument is mysteriously evolred out of the statement that the aborigines of each State are speciilly excluded, the author being eridently unaware . that the control of tke aboriginal population is constitutionally vested in the state to which they belong, and it has all along been recognised that this separate control would remain untouched by federation. That is why the aborigines are specially men tioned, in order to show that ths Federal Parlia ment will not have the power to prevent the independent states from each walloping its own nigger in its own way. We are told that one hundred million acres are already peg ged out in the Northern Territory await ing federation and black labor. In point of fact there is no inducement for importing black labor into tbe Northern Territory. If the writer knew anything about the Northern Territory he would know that various tropical industries for -which black labor Ae supposedly necessary have been tried and failed. The Northern Territory represents a few hHindred thousand pounds spent in unsuccessful experiments. The area of agri cultural land is so small as to be unappreci&ole;, and I he picture conjured by this alarmist is that oi one ofumary uiitinTeiieu uiau, nuu, imuiH diately the word tropics is mentioned, sees a vision of sweating slave gacg3 and Le^ree over seers. The tableland of the Territory will gradually eo«ie under occupation 'as sheep and cattle stations, bus the coast line does not hold forth, any great exDectations, for it is quite different to the coastal lands of Queensland, and not adapted either by soil or climate to encourage the indus tries Northern Queensland does. If the Territory is destined to become the borne of black laber, why has it not, under the liberal laws of South Australia, already become to P The writer states that it is so destined because there are' now 3507 Chinese there working on the gold fields which the whites cannot make pay- What this argument has to do with black labor is something the ordinary mind can not grasp. Also what is meant by the predilec tions of West Australia for black labor ? There is no imported black labor in 'West Australia, unless a few pearlshellers. There is bo demand for blaek labor there, nothing for them to do, and nobody is aching for them. Even if the bill countenanced black labor, which it distinctly does not, there is not an extent of coastal territory; commencing trom the Batavia, west Cape (W.A.), which would suffice for large tropical industries, supported by imported black laborres. But according: to t!iis article.the Federal Government intend to import them for fan to practise legislation on. As for the statement that the completion of the transcontinental railway means diverting the trade of Sydney and the east coast, why, inch a statement only shows a lofty ignorance and contempt for geography and the requirements of trade routes. The principal shock given by this article is the deliberate mis* statements embodied in it, and the creation of a bugbear as unsubstantial as Fisher's ghost. It is most heartily to be desired that Mr. Carruthers should succeed ia get ting his promised forestry bill through as speedily as possible. Already there are ominous signs of extensive forest denudation going on. The Eailway Commissioners find themselves obliged to allow tallow weod, grey gum, and black butt, or flooded gum, to be included in tbe tenders for sleepers, which by pre ference are usually confined to ironbark. For use as sleepers, ironbark, especially the Mad known as grey ironbark, is unequalled, and the falling off in the supply of this timber is serious. The woods quoted above are of great durability and strength, but not quite equal to ironbark. Un fortunately the Gosford N ursery lor the raising of native timber has turned out a comparative fai lure. Only a small propertion of the hardwood seedlings raised have thriven when transplanted, and even then those that lived have not grown to nay cige. x-uii iu tiiu iur«ei reoBrves ib nets U£en found that the hardwoods reafforeet themselves, and, left in their natural state, promise well. What, then, is urgently wanted in any new Mil is1 the rigid protection of the young timber, and the extension ot the forest reserves system. True, a regulation at present in force regulates tbe girth of the trees allowed to be cut down, but like many regulations it cannot be always applied, and in many cases it is entirely ignored. The average man will not take the trouble to cut down a mature tree and split it up when he can make a sapling serve his turn. The establishment of a school of forestry has been long urged, and it is to be hoped that the bill will contain something of the sort for the proper training of forestry officers. The formation of a Public Service Association need not mean a combination of public servants antagonistic to the Public Service Board, though in view of the complaints wade from time to time by individual members of the service of actions of the Board, the public might jump to the conclu sion that something ot the kind was intended, while it is only human to suppose that some discontented and dissatisfied members of the service,- whose claims are estimated at a greater value by themselves than they are by the Board, will join the associa tion from personal reasons. TheEe are incidents and considerations in connection with the formation of the association which cannot be avoided, and the existence of which it is best to freely acknow ledge in order that the real objects of the as sociation, with which they ct»nhave no legitimate connection, may be fairly and fully understood. The Public Service Association which it. is pro* posed to practically inaugurate at a niedting to be hejd m the Protestant Hall to-morrow night states its objects very clearly iu its draft consti tution and rules. Those objects are : ' (A) to pro ' mote the interests of the Public Service genern 'ally by any means consistent with its regula* 'tions, and with loyalty, to the Government of ** 'Kovr Solicit WslIaib ? i\\\\\ tn affnrJ rtvkr\n*-f-nni#!v 'to discuss natters' affecting the Welfare 'of the Public Service, and to provide ''means for combined action in matters ?' affecting any section thereof ; (c) to 'initiate and control schemes for the intel lectual advancement of members; (d) to 'encourage esprit de corps among public « servants.' No^ one can doubt the general advantage to the Civil Service of having an asso ciation formed upon the lines indicated, and carrying*out the ample work before it which the' performances of the duties involved in its objects must provide for it. That being bo, the associa tion, working with a yiew,je6le1y., to the objects mentioned, not only deserves to'hivt^a member ship embracing tbe whole public uervice. bnt also merits public sympathy. An Irish poet once commented on the want of access provided by' the streets of his native city, and wrote that he had ' to walk half a mile to go over the way.' The Molong people, it appears, at certain hours of the night are, owing to the running arrangements of the Western railway, in worse case than the poet because they have . to walk a couple of miles to cross what is only ia other circumstances the equivalent of a street. During the - hours 'mentioned three very long trains 'arrive at and depart from the Molong station, and so much shunting has to bo done in connection with them tkat traffic between east and west Molcng is cut off alike for foot passengers and for vehicles. The line can only be crossed by the MolongeeBe, if the expres sion will be pardoned, going a mile up the Orange road. True, there is an alternative pathetically described by the correspondent of a contemporary, but that is only available for the - young and active, and ia then dangerous and inconvenient. It consists of crawling under trucks or going through passenger carriages with the imminent risk of the trucks or carriages being set in motion while the cra.w.ing process is going on. Even to the most active this ie not a nice way of getting from one part of Molong to another, nor disagreeableness of a young gentleman out walk ing with his bethrothed having to] crawl under a railway truck in order to reach tbe home of the lady's parents. The Railway Commissioners are +o be approached on this subject, and surely they can.have only ene reply to make. They will not have the hardihood to quote a proverb largely in use ia Ireland, as well as iu other countries, to the effect that the shortest way home is tke longest way round. That may be true iu some cases, but not in tkat of Molong. 