NOTES AND COMMENTS. To reward the heroes of a nation is to encourage enterprise. Britain, above all nations, needs to pay attention to that in- junction, because it is an axiom that she can only foster her trade against a world which adopts an opposition policy of protection by continually opening up new territory for her commerce. Lord Kitchener richly de- serves the £30,000 which has been allocat- ed to him by the British House of Com- mons. In opening up the Soudan, there is certainly some doubt as to its immediate absorption of our goods, sparsely populated as it is ; but on the other hand, with the prospect of civilisation which the far-seeing Lord Kitchener has introduced by his crea- tion of the Gordon College, the Soudan should ultimately be a good ground for commercial enterprise. But above- and be yond that he deserves recognition. He was the man appointed by the British nation to avenge the death of Gordon. He did it thoroughly, and with the least cost of blood- shed and money. It is idle to cavil at his action in disentombing the remains of the Mahdi. Had he not done so the Soudanese troops would probably have perpetrated the act in spite of him. He at once and for ever killed a local superstition. Savages must have savage treatment, or they do not understand it. Lord Kitchener dealt with them firmly but well, and he has conse- quently received the tangible thanks of the nation. The Chiltern Mining Dispute.—Amongst the correspondence read at the meeting of the Miners’ Association committee last evening was a letter from Mr. J. Praed, the general secre- tary of the A.M.A., formally notifying that the Barambogie lockout at Chiltern had termi- nated, and the men had all returned to work on wages. The number of men who had been locked out was 123, and the amount of money which had been disbursed in lockout pay was £300. The instalment required from each branch to meet that expense was 1s per mem- ber. Mr. W. Williams moved that the levy of 6d per member per week which had been struck at the previous meeting be discontinued as from the 3rd inst. That would be equal to the amount mentioned by Mr. Praed. The motion was carried. Mr. Rowe expressed the opinion that the officers of the A.M.A. and the Chiltern branch were to be congratulated on the early and satisfactory settlement of the difficulty. He moved a motion to that effect, which was seconded by Mr. Fleming and carried unanimously. Missing from the Asylum.—Mr. J. S. M‘Ilroy, superintendent of the Benevolent Asylum, reported to the police yesterday that an old man named John Little, 70 years of age, had been missing from the institu- tion since 8 o’clock in the morning. He was of weak intellect, was of a tall thinnish build, and wore a grey jumper, white mole trousers, and drab felt hat. The missing man was admitted to the institution from Maryborough about 18 months ago. Treacherous Ground.—Last Monday morn- ing a daughter of Mr. I. Vickers, of Barnard- street, was surprised on going into the yard to notice a deep excavation, which on closer ob- servation proved to be an abandoned shaft. It had been covreed over with timber and earth for a considerable number of years, but the timber had rotted, and owing probably to the recent rains soddening the ground, the whole collapsed on Sunday night or early on Mon- day morning, revealing a large shaft about 12ft. square at the top. It is believed that the shaft, which is within a foot of the fence on the Barnard-street side the of property, is about 100ft. deep. It is fortunate that the covering collapsed when it did, for next week Mr. Vickers had arranged to have a new fence placed along that portion of his property, and had the ground fallen in when the men were at work some lives may have been lost. Travelling Without a Ticket.—William Tierney was proceeded against by Railway-de- tective Borsum for travelling on the railway from Melbourne to Golden-square on 15th April without a ticket. Defendant pleaded guilty. Detective Borsum said that he was instructed to say that the Railway Commis- sioners did not seek a heavy penalty. De- fendant told the bench that he was an old em- ploye of the department, and some time ago retired. While he was in Melbourne on 16th April he received a telegram from his son tell- ing him that his wife had gone away. When he came back he found that he had hardly a penny, and that he was left with three chil- dren to look after. The bench fined him 20s, with 2s 6d costs. Philosophical Society.—This society will inaugurate its working session to- night by a lecture in the old courtroom at the Town Hall by the Rev. R. C. Nugent Kelly, M.A., en- titled “Footprints of the Vikings.” As Mr. Kelly was for some years resident in Sweden he has been able to acquire the most recent in- formation upon the subject of his lecture, and as he has made a special study of history of the Vikings his hearers may look forward to an interesting and instructive discourse. A short concert will precede the lecture. Admission is free. Bendigo Benevolent Asylum.— The monthly meeting was held last evening. Present—Messrs. D. Watson (president, in the chair), G. G. P. Claridge, J. D. Crofts, J. R. Goodisson, D. B. Lazarus, H. Birch and Dr. J. Boyd. In reply to a letter from the committee suggesting that an inspector should meet the committee and discuss the advisability of re- flooring the institute, the inspector of charities wrote, stating that the committee’s views should be submitted to the Treasurer. The hon. treasurer (Mr. Claridge) submitted the fol- lowing report for the month ended 31st May : —Receipts. To Government grant (special), £400; interest, £15; private contributions, £44 8s ; sundries, £49 9s 3d ; balance, £2267. 7s 10d ; total, £2776 5s 1d. Expenditure : By overdraft, 30th April, £2270 10s 2d ; pay- ments during May, £505 14s 11d; total, £2776 5s 1d. The report was adopted. On the motion of Mr. Goodisson a vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Lazarus for obtaining a re- mission of the fee for burying inmates in the Bendigo Cemetery. The concession would, it was stated, cause a decrease in the expenditure by over £60 per annum. The meeting then closed. Thirty-two Years in the Asylum.—The Benevolent Asylum recently lost, by death, an old man who enjoyed the unique dis- tinction of having lived within its walls longer than any other inmate. At his death he had been in the institute 32 years, and was 66 years of age. The old fellow, whose name was John King, landed in South Aus- tralia in 1837, and came to Victoria in its earliest days. One of his first experiences was to be speared in the jaw by the blacks up-country, and he bore traces of the in- jury to his grave. In 1857 he was reduced to want by an acute attack of chronic rheu- matism, and he was forced to seek refuge in the Bendigo Benevolent Asylum. There he remained all through the long years, robust in health, but unable to walk, ex- cept with the aid of crutches. It will be long before the attendants are able to for- get the click of his crutches and the shuffle of his feet in the passages, for the sounds had become so familiar to their ears. The old people appear to thrive well within the institute, for the average age attained by them is very high. During the past year 56 inmates were removed by death, and their average age was 78 years. Railways Standing Committee.—The members of the Railways Standing Com- mittee left Bendigo yesterday morning for Swan Hill, where they will commence a tour of inspection in connection with the North- western water schemes. To-day they will reach Nyah, on the River Murray, 17 miles north of Swan Hill, and at Tooleybuc, which is a few miles from Nyah, they will inspect the take-off of the water for the Tooleybuc water supply scheme from the Murray. On Saturday they will drive along the surveyed route of the channel, along which the water is to be conducted to Sea Lake. They will stop at Sea Lake on Saturday night, and then proceed to Birchip along the country traversed by one of the channels from the Lake Lonsdale water scheme. They will take evidence at Birchip on Monday morn- ing at 9 o’clock, and return to Melbourne by the 11.15 train the same day. Alleged Theft of Jewellery.—About 9 o’clock last night a jockey, hailing from Ascot Vale, named Thomas Sanders, re- ported to the police that whilst he was having a bath at the Shamrock hotel yes- terday morning some person entered his bedroom and abstracted from his shirt a gold diamond collar stud and a first-class railway ticket to Melbourne. He values the stud at £8/10/. Several other less valu- able articles of jewellery were also stolen. The Weather.—Yesterday was moderately fine until towards evening, when the sky be- came overcast. A few light showers of rain were experienced about 7 o’clock, and heavier downpours followed at later intervals. At the time of our going to press this morning the weather was still unsettled. The rain will be most acceptable to the farmers. The readings at Mr. J. B. Edwards’s, jeweller, were :— Thermometer, 9 a.m., 41° ; 12 noon, 56° ; 3 p.m., 64° ; 6 p.m., 54° ; maximum, 66° ; minimum, 37°. Barometer—9 a.m., 29.47 ; 12 noon, 29.40; 3 p.m., 29.18; 6 p.m., 29.18. The following is the forecast for to-day:—At first fine, but shortly becoming more or less cloudy, with occasional showers, chiefly in coastal districts, north to west winds, light inland, but freshening along coast. Miners’ Association.—The fortnightly meet- ing of the committee was held at the Trades Hall last evening. The president, Mr. Jas. Williams, was in the chair, and there was a good attendance. Mr. T. Wagstatf, a newly- elected member, took his seat and was cordially welcomed by the chairman. Mr. Wagstaff suitably returned thanks and promised to use his best endeavors to further the interests of the association. A letter was read from Mr. R. L. De Greaves, father of late member Robert De Greaves, who was recently killed in the Great Northern mine, applying for the usual fatal accident allowance. It was decided that the usual levy of sixpence per member should be struck to meet the claim, payable on or before Saturday, 24th inst. From G. A. Thomson, registrar of the School of Mines, intimating that an entrance examination for free scholarships in connection with the school would be held this evening. There were three vacancies, which would be filled by the candidates obtaining the highest number of marks. It was decided to write asking for a postponement of the examination, and that in the meantime the committee invite applications from members wishing to become candidates, returnable at next committee meet- ing, The Trades and Labor Council intimated that it would be necessary for the association to elect delegates to that body for the ensuing year, and requesting payment of the usual quarterly levies. Consideration deferred until next meeting. Mr. Phillips reported that dur- ing the fortnight 11 members had declared on and 17 off the accident fund. The expenditure amounted to £257 12s 11d, including £78 6s 8d accident pay ; £98 10s levies to the Watson Sustentation Fund, and £49 fatal accident allowance in the case of the late member J. Black, who was killed at Tarnagulla. Several other matters were dealt with as reported else- where. The meeting then closed. Benefit Social.—Notwithstanding the in- clement weather last evening, the benefit social tendered to Mrs. M‘Namara, who is a widow nearly blind and with a family dependent on her, living in Baxter-street, was a pronounced success, the Oddfellows’ Hall being thronged with about 100 couples. During intervals in the dancing mouth harmonican solos were played by Messrs. Stapleton and Noy, a duet was nicely given by Messrs. McVeigh and Meehan, a solo was rendered by Mr. Blokkeerus, and a sailor’s hornpipe danced by Miss Cum- mins. Mr. J. Cummins made an efficient M.C., and Mr. T. A. Butler’s orchestra supplied the necessary music in first-class style. It is ex- pected that the committee will be able to hand over to Mrs. M‘Namara about £15. The “Australian Journal.”—The June number of this popular sixpenny monthly journal is to hand from Mr. W. Hampton. It contains the usual large and varied assortment of reading matter, and will no doubt find a ready sale. A Midnight Brawl.—Shortly before 1 o’clock this morning a messenger called at the City watch-house and informed the police that a disturbance had taken place at the lower end of Williamson- street. Con- stable R. Moncrieff appeared on the scene immediately afterwards, and found a man named John Kirby, a visitor from Mel- bourne, insensible on the steps of the Sham- rock hotel. He was bleeding profusely from wounds on the face and head. The con- stable procured a cab and took him to the hospital, where he was admitted by Dr. Con- nelly, who, upon examination, discovered that besides suffering from the effects of attack, he had sustained three punctured wounds on the head and face. He was kept in the institution and put to bed, and sub- sequently inquiries which were made elu- cidated the fact that he had been the victim of a cowardlv assault at the hands of a gang of ruffians. It is stated that in order to evade them he had remained in the hotel during the evening, but between 12 and 1 o’clock his assailants gained admission by giving a false name at the door. As soon as they caught sight of Kirby two of them rushed at him with umbrellas, which they broke over his head, and also threw the glasses at him which happened to be handy. While on the floor he was further maltreated, and the ruffians then decamped speedily. The cabmen who were outside were asked to take him to the hospital, and refused, but went in quest of a doctor. Constable Moncrieff, however, obtained the assistance of Mr. P. Kennedy, a cabman, and, as stated above, had him conveyed to the hos- pital. The assailants, who hail from Mel- bourne, are well-known. Quartzopolis Lodge, U.A.O.D. —The half- yearly meeting of this lodge was held at the B.U.F.S. building last night, a large number of members attending. The election of officers resulted as follows :—A.D., Bro. R. Barrows; V.A., Bro. F. A. Koenig; secretary, Bro. J. A. Stowell (re-elected); treasurer, Bro. W. M. Bolton (re-elected); A.D.Bs., Bros. R. Nocolai and E. J. Swift; V.A.Bs., Bros. E. Beale and W. J. Trembath ; I.G., Bro. G. N. Walton ; O.G., Bro. G. Wilson. The Arch Druid was in- stalled in office by P.D.P. Bro. Wright, J.P.A. Bro. Temby was presented with a P. A. diploma, handsomely framed, in recognition of his having passed through the various chairs of the order, and secretary Bro. J. A. Stowell received Bro. R. Barrows’s special prize (a pair of gold links with amethyst stones for introducing the greatest number of new members during the half-year. The balance-sheet showed that the funds of the lodge had considerably increased, the sick and funeral fund having made a profit of £41 0s 4d during the term, and the incidental fund a profit of £30 5s 9d. The trustees had also been enabled to invest £65 at a rate of 6 per cent., whilst the membership had increased by 28. The sick pay for the evening amounted to £6 11s 8d. One member was initiated and two propositions received. Routine business was transacted and the meeting terminated. “Police Gazette” Notices.—The following notification appeared in this week’s “Police Gazette:”—James Hutchinson, miner, Kin- gower, near Rheola, reports stolen at Kingower, between the 12th and 31st ult., a small dark red and white heifer, small horns, one hind leg has been broken when a calf, branded JX on rump, piece off bottom of off ear. Value, £4 10s. Women’s Prayer Union.—A meeting of the above was held in the Temperance Hall yester- day afternoon, about 30 ladies attending. Mr. Eldridge, a missionary on furlough from Malaysia, presided and delivered an interesting address on missionary work in those islands. The speaker, who is connected with the British and Foreign Bible Society, in pressing the great need for missionaries in Malaysia upon his hearers, stated that it took two er three years for a missionary to do the rounds of his district, and until he goes again there is no one to repeat the gospel story to the natives. Mr. Eldridge lucidly explained the nature of the work and the difficulties which repeatedly have to be overcome. He also narrated a number of per- sonal reminiscences in connection with his own work on the mission field. Property Sale.—Yesterday at his rooms, View-street, Mr. J. H. Curnow sold, under in- structions from Mr. P. Mecking, a freehold allotment with a w.b. dwelling thereon, situated in View-street, the purchaser being Mr. W. Thompson at £250. The Missing Steamer.—An Auckland tele- gram states :—To settle all remaining doubts as to whether the steamer Perthshire has been sighted in tow off Cape Maria Van Diemen, Messrs. Hogg, Robinson and Co., Lloyd’s agents in Sydney, on Wednesday sent a specific inquiry on the subject to Lloyd’s agent in Auckland, and received a reply that it was untrue the missing vessel had been sighted. It is now 26 days since the Perthshire was first sighted by the schooner Whangaroa, and 13 days since she was spoken by the barque Northern Chief, and it is assumed that prevailing winds and ocean currents have carried her well towards Norfolk Island, in the direction of which the tug Cham- pion and the steamer Duckenfield have been ordered to cruise. The Waikare has returned to Sydney without seeing the missing Perth- shire. She sighted two vessels, but neither was the one looked for. “Ghosts” in Ballarat.—The sister gold- field is just now agitated with the “ghost” craze. An alleged sensational encounter with an individual, who, it is stated, was masquerad- ing as a “ghost” in the Brown Hill district, is being inquired into by the police. The story is to the effect that a man, masquerading in dis- guise, was grappled with by a resident of the neighborhood, and in the struggle between them a firearm was discharged, without, however, in- juring anyone. Similar freaks are reported from Ballarat East and Redan, but none of the stories appear to be well authenticated. New York Mutual Life Insurance Co.— The Mutual Life Insurance Co. of New York, for which Mr. W. E. Lamb, of Bull-street, is the local agent, is a colossal institution, the only one in the world which has divided among its members upwards of £100,000,000 sterling. Here is the statement it presents as it record of achievement at the close of 1898:— Cash paid to living members, £58,185,282 2s 10d; to beneficiaries of deceased members, £42,184,833 17s 3d ; total paid to members living and dead, £100,373,116 0s 3d. In addi- tion the company has invested on behalf of ex- isting members the sum of £56,985,077 1s 6d ; making a grand total paid to and invested for its members of £157,358,193 1s 9d. This com- pany has just brought out a new policy, which is attracting great attention. In addition to the usual privileges embodied in the company’s policies it contains a tabulated statement setting forth the cash surrender value which can be claimed at the expiration of any given year of its currency, or the amount of money which can be obtained from the company as a loan at 5 per cent. interest on the security of the policy alone. After having paid three annual premiums the insured is protected from loss if he finds himself unable to keep up the payments demanded by the contract. 