NOTES AND NOTIONS. [By Theobald.] A cheap variety of Ananias, writing in | the ' London Sketoh ' of August 12 last saya : ' It is not generally known that a diniro makes a ihost reliable and careful sheep dog, working a flock just as well as a collie, one 6f his peculiarities being that he never barks under any circumstances, but collects bis sheep and drives them where they are wanted to £0 by gently nippiDg them in tho heel.' We are always getting hold of colossal imbceililiesand ridiculous falsehoods about Australia in English -puma's, but the ' reliable and careful sheepdog ' which gently nips the sheep to drivo them along is worthy of championship honors, * ' * There was a young lady of Crewe, Who wanted to catcl' the 2.2 ; Said the porter, ' Don't hurry, Or scurry, or flurry, It's a minute or 2 2 2 2 I ' Says she, ' There are two couples more, Who will take the next at 4.4 ; They will all have their trunks, Please secure lower bunks, And have checks 4 4 4 4 4. They were joined by four more at 8.8 ; Says one, I've some plums 4 2 8. Although they were fine They could not eat nine, So the 8 88 888. * * The newly-appointed Judge Rogers, in a recent case at Narrandera, showed that he was not ' an fait ' in bush matters ; but bis ignorance of snob was capped at Wagga recently. It was a case of disputed station property, and the learned solicitor of the township was im pressing, with his usual eloquence, on the judical mind that tbe horses in des pute were ' brumbies,' whereupon the judge interposed : The case lies in a nutshell. Will my learned friend put Mr. Brumby into the box, and prove ownership 7' The muoh-needed witness did not appear, however, and it will be some time before his Honor bears the last of ' Mr. Biumby.' At tbe same court some short time ago, the lately pensioned Judge Forbes was sentencing a lady who belonged to the ' seamy side' of lifo lo twelve months' 'hard' for robbery. On re ceiving the sentence — shocking to relate —the lady turned to his Honor and savagely said : ' Msy you go to ? — , and be ? for ever more ?' But tbe Judge being rather deaf, thought she was asking for leave to petition for a mitigation of her sentence, and blandly remarked : 'That's a matter entirely for the Executive.' 'Luke Sharpe in ?'The Western Champion.' » * It is an old saying that the watched pot never boils, and tbe only means the up-to-date modern cook has hit upon to remedy this irritating defect is to make tbe fire stronger. If the additional flare is sought with kerosene, the results are not always satisfactory. Some Queens land poisoners — the apt name given to shearers' and timber-cutters' couks — have their own ideas on the subject. One of them had to boil nine quart pots, one for each man in the camp. He watched them for half an hour, and, as he explained, ' not a move on 'em.' ' What, ye won't boil, won't ye ?' he said. ' Well, I'll try ye 9g*io, on' hang me if I won't make ye boil !' Then he kicked tbe whole lot over, re built tbe fire, and went laboriously to the creek to refill the misguided quart pots. They wont try obstinate tricks on that cook again ! ' Yes,' said Mr, Jones, when a certain man's name was mentioned, ' I know him to speak to, but not by sight.' ' You mean,' cut in the prompt corrector— ' yoh mean that you know him by sight, but net to speak to.' ' Do 1 7 ' asked Mr. Jones, anxiously. ' Of course you do. You Lave seen so often that yon know who he !b, but have never been introduced to him. Isn't that it 7 ' ' No, that isn't it. I never saw bim at all to know him, but I speak to him nearly every day.' ' How con that be 7 ' ' He is a telephone attendant at the Exchange.' * _ * He : ' Awfully jolly concert, wasn't it 7 Awfully jolly thing by that fellow what's his name 7 — something like Doorknob.' She : ' Doorknob ? Whom do you mean 7 I only know of Bee thoven, Mozart, Wagner, Handel ? — ' Ho : ' That's it ! Hahdel. 1 knew it was something you caught hold of J' I remember bearing of a low-court case, where a man had entered an action Bgainst a railway company for an injury to hi; arm in an accident. Said the op posing lawyer : ?' I understood you have lost the use of your arm entirely through this accident ?' ' Yes,' said tho plain till. Lawyer; ' How high can you lift your arm now 7' Plaintiff, with great difficulty, moves it about an inch. '-How far could you lift it before tho accident 7'' ' Right op there !' — at the same time shooting it right up over his head. *.*? Sam was ostockman of ye olden timo. Running brumbies one day with Splod ger he galloged into a clump of timber so thick at one spot that the only open ing was through the fork of a tree. He could have pulled up, but, as he said : ' No bloomin' brumby evor got n way from me onco I set him, and that let was'nt goin' to bpst mo. Put ' Blue Blazes' at it, an' he went up like a rocket an' through as clean as a whistle. JeB' barely touched each side with j me knees.' (Sam here spat three times into the fire to allow time fop im pressions ) ' Splodger followed on Streak^o'-Streak, but Streak was a bit fat and jambed in the fork of tije tree, I yarded tbe brurabios single- (landed— the very mob 25 Bunga-brumby crooks 'ad been after for two years. Went back then and levered Splodger out with a long polo. Saddle carno oft' with him.' Sam paused and spat seven fciiifjps jjjtQ tho firo. ' Streak 'ad 'art J]ii?ise}£ flWqggl.iji', an' I 'ad ter ghost hid, l^°Ple ?NP tey tbe skeleton come to be standin' way up in tho tree. Stranded in a flood, they reckoned. I , knew better.' Sam laughed, then spat the fire out. He was a stockman of ye olden time. * * Was once on an out-back cooch-trip, in company with two con stables. t.wn Inno-.RpntcnoB nriaoners. a drummer, Qnd nine bottles of whiskey. Second day out, driver said ' He'd bo ? if he was going to drive a coach for any 50 bob n-week ; ho was going to have a sleep. And he did, in the rack Bt the back of tho coach. Then argu ment started between a prisoner and a constable as to which w-.s the better waltzer, and it was decided to settle it forthwith, with the drummer as umpire. The convict's leg-irons were accordingly fastened up with a portmanteau-strap, the other constable whistled an alleged tune, and . they started 1 ou tho weirdest of fandangos. Presently the leg-iron fell down and they both tripped over them, and couldn't get up, and it took half-an-hour to bullock tbem back into the coach, where the re maining Robert was weeping on the other prisoner's shoulder, and swearing he'd never hand him over at the gaol ; he'd tear his blanky uniform off first I It was a wild-eyed and drought stricken procession that reached the^ township, 10 hours late next day. 