WATS OF THE WORLD. By BOYET. Lord Beauchamp is a man of too many parts altogether. "In addition to all his | other gifts he has a "shadow on his house" and a "family apparition." The shadow —"No eldest son succeeds an eldest son"— has up to the present worked out fairly satisfactorily. Its origin is not given, but according to the "Lqndon Journal," an , authority on family curses in noblemen's families, they are generally dealt out by a gipsy, who meets the noble lord (always in evening dress, with a long cloak) in a wood, and because he won't marry a girl the gipsy thinks he should, thereupon j settles the rules of succession for him. The lord makes light of the affair, and bids the woman "Begone, foul hag; I'll not believe it," but it comes off all the same. And the "Horror of Hoathley Hall" holds in thrall members of domestic service throughout the English-speaking world. -It is as well, I too, that this state of things should be borne I in mind in case the Earl does marry out ] here, and has a son. .The "Family Apparition"—a noiseless carriage that drives up occasionally at mid night— is not so easy to account for. The Usual brand of aristocratic ghost is a head less woman in white, dragging chainB about the floor, and moaning unpleasantly. This is a -wicked ancestor's doing, and his de scendants and guests have to suffer for his being too handy with the axe. But the offence against the carriage is a puzzler. Perhaps some previous earl may have annoyed his coachman or his coachbuilder or his horses, or took a delight in not let ting his wife go out for a drive. At any rate, we. will all be curious to see if the noiseless carriage follows the Earl out to Sydney. Headers of this journal may be quite sure that no effort will be spared to supply details of the interesting vehicle. A flashlight photograph of it will be secured and the coachman interviewed on its first appearance. The London correspondent of the "New York World" has "A tale to tell 0!" of Earl Beauchamp, which is no doubt as true as the usual run of yarns spun by that Master Builder of aristocratic romances. "Three years ago," he writes, "the Earl j formed an attachment for a maid in his j mother's service, and, despite every in-! fluence, determined to marry her. With j that end in view, he sent her abroad to be educated to fit her for the position he in tended 6he should occupy. It is not pre cisely known whether he has thought better of this projected mesalliance or not, but the fact that he has accepted an Australian < Governorship for a term of five years en-, courages the belief that he has abandoned j the idea. The Earl was selected for the | appointment by the Queen herself, who [ knew of the attachment, and determined— j as she had promised his father, a long trusted friend of hers, to further his heir's j career—to try and break it by sending him j to a responsible position abroad." There I That keen philosopher, "^farmaduke," in "Truth," has noted that the average! married woman possesses only a limited stock of conversational phrases for home consumption. These phrases are alike in their sense in all languages, and, according to the re cords handed down from earliest times, in all periods. They consist of about four sentences, which are repeated whenever the husband is at home. They are:—1. "You are the worst man that ever lived;" 2\. "I have nothing to wear;" 3. "If only others knew you as I know you!"; 4. "You do not mind how much you spend on your self, but grudge me the least little thing." , These expressions, says "Marmaduke," rc- j cur daily, and even hourly, in almost every ' married household from pole to pole. ' The hard case, of Wheen v. Watt brings to mind the occasion of the St. Albans dis tribution, when a lady friend of mine won a hundred-pound prize. Her name and ad dress were published, with the other un- j fortunates, and next day the siege com-j menced. The personal begging letters came first. "God would bless her if she , from Heaven's gift spare one poor £5 for ' the writer." Then institutions from all parts of Australia urged their claims, en- < closed their annual reports, and underlined | their indebtedness. Art-unions and lot- j tery promoters forwarded their circulars; ; several sturdy beggars called in person, and : told her "the only way to get luck in the : future was to distribute some of the money ' she had won." To crown all, in six' months' time an English appeal arrived from Dr. Barnardo for his "Homes of Hope." Mr. Taverner, as has been already noticed, is accompanied on his mis sion home by Mr. Sherrard, who spejks French fluently. With Mr. Tavernpr's well-known ability for pick ing up things, he should be able on the voyage to make fair headway in the lan guage. This advantage cannot be over estimated. For our resources to be brought so prominently before Frenchmen in their own tongue will be a great thing indeed. "Jay vu votre grand Bullvards," we can almost hear him saying, "mais noos avons Bullvards dans Melbourne—Bullvards Taverner. (Vive Sir Taverner!) Noos aussi avons beaucoo de resources de For, do nioutons, de laine, de burr, de boof, et la federation presque. Noos avons un grandc pays, beaucoo de soleil, et pas de quarrel politique." ("Vive Lor Taverner!" "Vive Sir Turuer!" "Vive Australie!") It is on record that when Madame Patti once sang to the poor of South London, it completely "knocked them in the old Kent road." It is an equally great tribute to Madame Melba to learn by wire that her lovely voice has even knocked a bronze statue, that in turn tried to fall at her feet in its clumsy attempt at Diva worship. 