On the Ed© of Doom CHAPTER XXIX. J 'you should have wept here yesterdat !' White, tense, her nerves like an overstrung bow tlmt goes near tl6 breaking, Ismay ran through the dark to Marchant's Hold, Aud as she entered tho great hall door any pity that there might have lingered in her breast was killed. Cristiane Btood by the fire, dressed for dinner, hor bare arms very fair against her black dress. ' What ! alone, and so late. Wouldn't ho even see you home to-night ?' she laughed securely, for Ismay's faco was not hard to read. '? Ho ? Who do yon mean ?' She did not look a thing to play with as she stopped short bofore the girl who mocked her. ' Miles, of course. Wasn't ho nice to you, Ismay ? Or did that card I never got stick in his throat ?' That card ! So whon she lost it, Cristiane had found it. It was sho who had given it to Cylmer. She who had told everything. ' 5Tou did it. You !' Sho could hardly speak. ' Ycb, it was I,' cheerfully. ' You seo, I am not such a baby aftor all. But, cheer up. He will come back to-morrow. Ho won't mind little things like those.' ' You took him to my door last night.' But it was not a question, only a statement. ' I withdrew him at once, promptly, when I saw it'wns a mistake,' calmly. And this waa the girl whom only yestorday sho had nearly died to save ! Well that was ovor. Sho could die now, aB she pleased. No moro would an arm bo stretched out to protect hor. Never moro would a mock ghost play tbe spy on Marcus Wray. Her eyes wore very steady, very evil, ris sho looked up. ' I took that card, and I am . very sorry I did,' sho answered quietly. ' Ho would havo I loved mo without it. You can think of that for your pains.' - Cristiane was suddenly afraid, but she gavo a last fling. ' Did ho love you vory much to-day P' sho asked involuntarily. Ismay's faco hardened like stone. ' You are what people call good,' she said slowly ; ' and I was sorry for you. I did my bost for you— in a fashion. Stand still'and let me look at you — for I may never see you again.'* Something in hor eyes made Cristiane cold. ' What do you mean ?' sho shrieked. ' Ai'e you going away ?' Sho sprang forward, and took Ismay's hand, but tho girl shook hor off. . ' I am going to bed,' she said shortly., ' Tell thom not to disturb mo. I stole your note, Cristiane, but you are revenged. You have stolon from me enough to mako me go to bod without my dinner.' Lightly, pitilessly, sho nodded, as sho turned away. Let MarcuB do what he liked, it was nothing to hor that ho should havo ono more sin on his shouldors. .For if ever a woman was mad with misoi'y, it was Ismay Trelano that night. Still, in hor outdoor dross sho sat crouched on her bod, motionless as a panther who waits to spring, death driven, almost hopoloss. In tho houso tho gong sounded for dinner ; a servant came tor tho door, and was sont petu lantly away. Mrs. Trolano, all silks nnd rustle; knocked in annoyance. ' Aren't you coming down P' sho cried. ' No. Ploaso go away and leave mo alono. I shall bo all right iu tho morning. I'm tired,' with a tearless sob. Sho was weary to tho bono. Tho shook of yostorday lmd borne hard on her vigorous young body ; tho shook of to-day had wi.thorod her vory soul. Sho was faint for want of food, but sho could not break broad with Oristiano or Marcus Wray, and yot sho must oat, or this night's work would never bo dono. ' Trent, vrino, ft'jd I 'will lov« then to tho death And our, hoyond Into tho world to coma' sho quoted snoorinclv. ' That is how I feol.' At a tap on hor door she openod it, to soo Jossio ; Jessie who honestly lovod hor for many a kind word given whon Oristiano had boon oruolly sharp with tho faithful soul for a ribbon unsowod, a fold wrong. ' I brought Somo soup and wiho, Miss Ismay,' sho said. Are you sielc P You'ro that pale.' At tho only kind word sho had hoard all day Ismay Trolano stoppod and kissed the honost, fresh ohook of tho servant woman. ' No, I'm tired,' sho said slowly. 'Mako thom1 lot mo bo till the morning. Promise, Jossio.' ' Will I got you to bod P' . obnfusod at the honour done her. 'Will I fetch Miss Oristiano P' ' Don't fotoli any ono, and I'll look my door now. I'm afraid of that ghost.' 'She don't walk so early,' 'with simplo belief. 'Goodnight, Miss Ismay. I'll not como in tho morning till you ring.' ' Ismay laughed. ' That's a good soul,' sho said. ' Lot mo sloop— till I ring.' Jessie would scarcely havo known hor ton minutos lator, as sho stood in front of hor glaBB, putting on. thoso old, shabby olothos somo mood had mado hor bring with hor, like tho momento mori of t)io Romans at a foust, Shabby, ugly, too short, tho dross hung on hor, tho old-fashionod hat sat absurdly on hor lioad. But thoro was colour in hor faco from tho soup and' wino, ns sho put into a safe hiding placo in hor coat tho scarab that Svas the olue sho had. ' Vulgar cuff links aro a very small thing to go on,' sho roflootod j ' but 1 will try, and in tho meantime Oristiano and MileB can find out what sort of n houso this is without mo. I don't think they'll havo long to wnit, either.' Sho lookod doubtfully at tho fow coins she had, as she pat thom into hor pocket. 1 ' If they're not enough, looking at thetq won't help,' sho thought. ' They will get me there, and that's all I care for. If I fail I am not likely to need any. If I don't ; fail' ? she laughed, ' someone else will pay my fare for the last time to Marchant's Hold.' She opened her door noiselessly and listened. There was only tho cheerful elink that came intermittentlyjfrom tbe dining room.^There waB not a steo or a sound on her fiat. Without a click to betray her, sho locked her door behind hor, pooketing tbo key. Hor room was in darkness, and no ono would know the key was gone till late in the morn ing ; when it did not ^matter if (the whole world knew. ?? Marcus may be certain I've gone to London, but it will take a cleverer man than Marcus to find me,' she thought as she went softly down the stairs. The dining room door was closed, tho servants safe inside, the front door Bwnng noiselessly on its hinges as she slipped out nnseen, and closed it behind her without one tell-tale sound. In the dark Bhe stood looking at tho house, with curiously hard eyes. She was free. She was going to London with that scarabaous in ber pocket, to bring home his crime to the man who did it. Going alone, almost penniless, to the cold winter streets, friendless, powerless, bnt determined. And she left behind her,- at tho mercy of the merciless, the girl whoBe only protection she had beon. Left her with scarcely a thought, without' pity, with nothing in her hand but the ono purpose — to clear her mother before Cylmer and the world, to got out of Wray's power forever, and then to live as women live or havo lived since time began ; boantiful, ovil, reckless, revenging on each and ovory man thoy meet the scorn of the only one they ever love. A train would leave the station for London at half-past nine. At twelve o'clock sho would bo thero, with just ono night's start of Marcus Wray. Ono night in which to ruin him. The girl's lips tightened as sho hurried along hor lonely road. ' I may have moro. Thoy don't know mo at the Btation, and they will never think it is is a girl dressed like this whom ho means. He will ask for Miss Trolano, and I don't look much like Miss Trelano.' Sho was right, for tho man who sold her her ticket never oven glanced at hor. There had been an excursion to some races, and the station was crowdod. Tho shabbily dresBod girl got into her third-class carriage unnoticed. And once the train started she was safe, she dropped asleep in utter weari ness, never onco stirring till thoy wero in tho London station. Sho got out, and wont quickly from tho glaring lights and the crowd into tho com parative darkness of tho streets. It was well thev woro used to hor locked door. otherwise they might have telegraphed and Btopped her. But once out of tho station sho was secure. Twelve o'olook, and the night boforo hor, .fr.OBh.nnd rested as sho was with hor sloep, but no tangible plan in hor head, no notion of what sho moaut to do. Sho trudged aimlessly through the streets. Once sho passed a lighted musio hall, and thought of her 'first mooting with Cylmer, but with a curious distance, as if of a man long dead. . Grii dually sho loft tho thronged steets behind her, still unconscious where slip was going, till at-last she ? stood in an op on square and' know— almost sho screamed aloud — where she was. Round hor' woro the lights, tho railings of Unslow Square ; at hor vory feot tho stops of Lord Abbotsford's houso. What had drawn her to that dreadful placo, alono in tho night P What had guided hor Btraying feot P Sho couldNsoo tho windows of that little voom whoro tho dreadful thing had boon dono. Thoy wore in darkness, liko tho rost of tbo windows, but sho know thom. Oh ! why had sho oomo horo P Why was sho wasting tho priceless hours liko this P Sho turned to run, sick and trembling, but some thing black on tho doorstop caught hor oyo. Ismay stooped down and peered at the shape less bundlo. , It was a very littlo boy, a bootblack, asleep on tho homeless stones. His box was clasped tight in his arms, and he sobbod, ns sho lookod, in his sloop. Tho pity of tho. thing camo homo to tho girl who had also nowhoro to go, no sholtor from tho freozing rain that wns bogiuning to fall. Sho had n shilling in hor pocket besides what must pay for hor breakfast, find surely it was her guardian angel that prompted hor to give it to tho boy. Vory gently sho touched his' thin shouldor. Ho started up, awake at onco, dofiant yot frightonod, liko a truo London waif. - ' Lot mo alono,'' ho said. ' I ain't dono nothing. . Who aro you, anyway ?' 'I'm Bloopingout, liko you,' sho answered, 'But I'm grownup, and you'ro too little,', with a kind of rockloss fellowship that re nssurod tho boy, who was ready for a run. 'Ain't you got nowhere to go, either. Ohl' Ho stared at hor with tho unoanny wisdom of the stroots. ' You must bo a silly, you must.'t ' Do you know any whoro to , go if I give you a shilling P' she askod, more for' tho comfort of talking than for anything olso. ' I can go homo if I'vo a bob. I dnresont without any money. Mothor'd liok mo, and I'm siolc. Will you give mo a bob, honest P And no traotsj nor nothing P' Sho noddod, nshamod by this timo of hor impulso. . What had mado hor suoh a fool, whon sho [might starvb to-morrow for wnnt of that shilling P' , 1 Tho boy stood up and stared rosontfully at tho dark houso in front of them. ' It'B no good Btaying horo. Tho man won't lot mo in. Ho kiokod mo down tho stops last timo I rung.' ^ ' Lot you in 1' Sho lookod with wonder at tho dirty, rliggod mito. ' What do you want to go iu for r ' ' I wnnt to toll thom somothing. It's a shamo,' with a man'B oath. ' Thoy had Billy Cook in, nnd askod him things and gave him half a crown, and ho didn't know nothin' ! And it waB mo that ought to had, it. It was my stand opposito, by that muddy crossing, and I took sick that day and Btayod homo ovor sinoo, and to»day whon I oomo baolc Billy had ray stand, and what ought to ft' boon mine— and ' ho didn't ? know nothing, only answorod silly.' : ' Know nothing about wlint P' slio oohood involuntary, with no thought of tho anawor that was to mako hor heart loap. ' About tho man that waa in. that'houao tho day thoy said thoro was no ono' in. I say, couldn't you knook nt tho door, and I'd toll thom. And p'liaps they'd givo mo 'arf a quid and mothor could got too cloud drunk to hit moP' ' ' What man P Tell me, quick. ,^I|1I get yon more than half a sovereign,' She did not know how fierce her voice was till tbe boy started back from her, ' It ain't no business of yours,' he cried. ' I say. you ain't got nothing to do with the coppers, 'ave you p' on the defensive instantly, all ready to flee.' ' No ; no !' Bhe said bo gently that, ho be lieved her, ' But if you'll tell mo, instead of them,' nodding at the big Bilent house, ' I'll get you moi'e money than you over Baw in your life.' Girls like you don't have none,' he re torted with a distrustful shiver ; and this ain't no place to make it.' ' I'll get it for you in the morning. You needn't lot me out of your sight all night, not till it's in yonr hand, f if you'll tel!|mejall you know.' The boy gave a cheerfuljwhirl, ^ ' Golly ! I bet Billy Cook'll be sick,' ho exclaimed. ' Do you mean it ; hope yon may die?' ' Hope I may die,' she asserted gravely, hor marvellous eyes, that even tho child saw, bent on him. ' But not here. Let's walk on somewhere out of the rain. I'm cold.' ' I'm always cold,' returned tho small bootblack. ' It ain't nothin' when you're used to it. But we'd better keep movin' ; cops comeB round whon you stands.' ' Go on about tho man,' she said Bhortly. ' How do you know it was the day of the murder P' ' Ho ! I'm not blind. Why, you never see such a how d'yo do in your life. CabB and perlice and roportors, and the cook screaming in tho area. I kaOwed right enough, but I never knowed thoy wero looking for no man till I eacae back to- day, and Billy Cook said so. Ho punchcd mo, too, because he'd got ! my stand, and I wanted it. And when I said that 'arf crown was mine, ho punched me again. So I wont to tho house, and tho man told mo to get out with my lies. They'd had the square bootblack in a'roady. Billy Cook,' scornfully, ' that never seo the squnro in his life till I got took bad with brownkoctors. He didn't see no man come out of tho house, anv dav.' ' Did you P' , The great clock on the chuich tower struck one. If the boy did not hurry it would bo too lato to-night for what was in her mind. ' I saw him go in about half aftor ono. I saw a woman go in and out twico, too ; but that was aftor three. Tho last time there was a' girl with hor, and thoy whispered, and whilo the woman was in a gentleman wont in and come out again -quick. Him that raised tho fuss afterwards. But my man he never como out till half-past four. I heard tho clock when it was dusk like. Ho never see mo, and he walked quick. And he was crossing the Btreet by my stand when ho drops something out of liiB hand, quick, right in the middlo of tho road, in the traffic. So I jumped to got it before a 'bus went ovor it, and it was just a littlo bluo glass bottlo that smelt funny.' ' What did you do with it p' She was exultant, troading on air, tho rain falling un folt on her thinly clad Bhoulders. And yet sho dreaded that at a question the boy's story would fall to tho ground. ' Put it in my box. It's thoro now. You hot I1 didn't tell-Billy 'Oobkf'aiiythihg abotit it to-day, when ho was smelling round ! I was sick whon I wont homo, and I nover thought of it till to-day, and the man wouldn't lot mo speak.' ' What did he look liko, the man you saw como out of tho houso P' ' Ho was big and ugly, without no mous tache. I'd know him. if I seo him. Say; do you suppose thoro was stuff in that bottlo to kill a man p' ' ' I don't know. Lot mo seo it.' Tho boy yawned ; but ho took it from his box as they walkod. In tho light of a street lamp Ismay looked at it, shaking with excite ment. An ordinary chemist's bottlo, of bluo glass, without a label. Sho pulled rat the cork, and a faint odour of bitter almonds mot hor nostrils. Prussio ncid | And tho bottlo had hold enough to kill ton men ! In a wild fit of lauglitor that made tho boy start, sho shook from head to foot. ' Can't you remember anything else about him P' she gnsped nt last. ' .uirty cults, ciouotrutiy. r i saw em in tho lights whon ho passed tho shop at tho cornei*.-- Oh ! and blue things on thom — on tho ono noxt mo.' ' Bluo thingB ! What like P' ' Oh, I dunno ! Thoy wero blue. Studs, I guoss. Ho was awful ugly, and thin.' Ismay stoppod short on tho soaking pave ment, and whistlod to a liolatod hansom. ' Oomo on ; wo'ro going to got that money I' sho said, and boforo the boy could object sho had jerkod him adroitly into tho cab. But as sho gavo the driver an addross that mado him Btnro, hor bold hoart was quailing. In another hour slid), might havo given hor own mothor over to bo hanged! At best it would bo touoh and go. Sho oauglit tho boot blaok's dirty hand and olung to it, despair ingly, as if to her only friend. Somothing not horsolf waB driving hor ; something she must oboy. She shook in hor terror, 'sitting oloso to tho dirty littlo boy. (Tola continued,) 