Short Story. The Minister's Ghost Story. “Good-night. bairns! M'lvor, see that they a' gang to bed at a reasonable hour, and ilintta sit tip lap- yos---T. ’I lio niiirn's tlio Fast Day, miml, and ye’ve to \YRli tlieso words the Rev. On-aid M'K’bimn look Ids candle. and lu-amid roilin'1 mi iin* company. "(bind - ni-iit. sir! Rood - nijrlit. father !" they responded, with niucli deference. “No, we won’t stay tip Tlio door rinsed, and tlio old lt>• 11111■ - man’s footsteps wore heard ascending " .\o«r, Mr. M’lvor," said one of the girls. eagerly, “remember your pro “ rer'ainly, Miss .lanet.” answered the gentleman, rising with iinirli gravity. “ I intend to sit a few minutes later my self, liltf I promised to see the rest of yon off. T ant -lad." he eonlinned. pro eoeding to ii-lil the eand'es. “that Miss •lanet shonld he-the one to rail me to a roner of-—” " Fiddlesticks.” said .Tanet, a tall, bright-faced girl in a dress of sofl I'rimson. which suited iter admirably. She was sitting on a low stool before tin- lire. Irvine to shield lior flushed rheelrs from Ihe blaze with a liner crimson Japanese fan. “ Don’l lie a hi'iubiie. Mr. M'Ivnr : yon know wlint I mean—that ghost story yon promised to tell ns." “ Do fell If. Mr. M’lvor !” "I'd rather hear about pirates,” said 1 lobby M'Kiiliion, a soboulhoy of 12. “ flbosts are such awful rot.” “ Then you ean go to bed.” retorted “ T’ll do nothing of the kind,” said Hobby, much insulted. “Go to lied ynurspl f.” ” You may remain if yon behave your self.” said Janet, surveying him ealml.v. “Mr. M’lvor. I sli-i"’! leave Ihe room until you have told llm story.” “ Is it (lie will of tiie company that their young blood be frozen and curdled in darkness ? It is a real ghost, remom “ flow delicious,” murmured one of " Verv well. Don't blame me If you can't sleep in-night.” He extinguished flip lamp as bo spoke, and resumed his seat. The firelight olayed on his dark fare, and lie looked with his spare form. (bin. keen features, ami great hollow eyes like a I’omish nriest worn out with fasting and penance. There was a pause, during which the company sat silpnf and expectant, and tin' young minister gazed at the fire as If faseinhled by .something he saw there. At last he drew a long breath. “Yon know what second sight is.” lie began, turning his melancholy eyes on loey Keith, the girl who thought real ghosts delicious. She shuddered slightly. " l possess Hint doubtful gift." he went on in a quiet. serious voice. “ Appari tions. ghostly collins, shadows of funerals—all those tilings T have seen, •ften. in my own parish. Many limes I have heard file tapping of hammers Hid sawing of wood In tlio carpenter's i,1ion after his day’s work was done, telling (hat death was coining. Three nights before a dentil tlio sounds are heard--it never fails." Tiie speaker paused, and his audience shivered nvd sat a little closer. " It is .lust a year since 1 went to preach for Alexander of Ttarnstrae. There is nothing al ail suggestive of the supernatural about either him or his wife, but the manse was big and eerie, full of drauglily corridors and wide staircases. It had been an old mansion, and there was a story connected with It. Alexander said, lint lie would tioi tell It that night. AVe sat talking over old college days, lie and 1. until long past nvdnight. Then we lit our candies, and Alexander led tin* wav to my room. I should have had ditlicnlty in finding Hie way myself, for It was up a wide staircase and along a corridor with a number of doors on either side. I trod softiy. fearing to dislurb the household, huf Alexander assured me tiie caution was unnecessary. I was alone in that part of llm house. T am not a nervous man. but I should have preferred one or two neighbours. Ary room was at the very ond of the corridor—a cheerful apartment by day*, when the sun shone in. Imt at that hour, witli Ihe moonlight easting strange shadows on everything. It was eerie. "I said good-night to my hosi. and retired In my rest when T had convinced myself that a certain suspicious-looking shadow on the lawn was caused h.v a tree. T was not at all sleepy : so after a time I sat tip. Ht the candle that stood on a small table by the bedside, and began to look over my sermon. Then T selected the Tsalms to be sung, and had .lust flxed op, three, when I felt a sudden rush of cold air. and looked up. As surely as I am sitting here—as surely as ron are listening-” Tan M'Tvor raised his hand intpros •ively and looked round with an un earthly light in his eyes. “ The door opened slowly, and a, woman glided in.” Joey Keith shrieked and hid her face on Janet's shoulder.' “I thought T had locked ihe door ; but evidently I was mistaken, and I concluded that this was one of tiie maids walking in her sloop. T lay hack on my pillows and watched the intruder, hardly daring to breathe lest site should turn and see me. for the thought of her suddenly waking and finding herself in my room was em barrassing. Thpn in a mouienr (lie truth flashed upon me. for in the clear moonlight I saw iter plainly. 1 had drawn up the blind ; and while my lied was in shadow, by the window it was almost as light as day. This was no servant. Her long, beautiful hair was unbound, rippling in golden waves below tier waist. Her dress was loose and flowing, of some shimmering white stuff—it minded me of ‘ White, samite, mystic, wonderful.’ Once she turned her face towards me—a beautiful face, but pale and drawn with anguish, and the eyes wide with horror. I tried to move or speak, hut limbs and tongue were paralysed. She moaned piteously ami wrung Iter hands : thou, to my horror, glided to (lie window and threw It open witii a terrible cry. There was an answering cry—tiie wailing of a little child outside. The woman threw out liter arms with a despairing gesture, and (lie loose sleeves fell back, disclosing their exquisite shapeliness. She would have flung herself from tiie window, hut was hold back—the horror of it—liy a hand. - I saw it distinctly, and a shadowy arm. nothing else. I think I realised then something of what Bel shazzar must have felt when he saw the fingers dial wrote—mene, tekel, up "Theu the moon went under a cloud” -and Ian's .voice sunk to a whisper— “J saw that-iny cumll" was hnniiiig wiili a blue thinie. My In j i- ,-p,,:,,l -u 011,1. I would have liivt‘l> a!! 1 po.--,'S-,,l in liiul mysoir In the siudy down- i:i its, 1ml I oiuili! neither move hand nor foot, ami if 1 could. who knows wli.-u I nv-lit. havo soon in ih.ii lung corridor. Those o:ii|iiy run ms—I dared not jiass tlioni 1 1 lay hack Imipl.'-siy watching that tragedy of bygone days. "There was aiioihor awful cry. and again there oamo Iho pitiful wailing fi-oin ouisido, fainter than Iwf >rc. ami dying away in iho di tanro. Tn this day. when I road oT Itnriod mctiniing for her rhildron. vhat cry rings in my oars. TIuto skilled to ho a -t niggle, iho wind,.!w was forcibly o!os,,,l. the woman sank oil the Ho ->r with hands rlaoood and I he honnliful faoo unturned in agony. Tlion the moon sliono out, ami slowly [he vision fadod." 1 lioro was a I,urn sikuiee wiion Ian imd finished speaking. Then .Tan el spoke. "’ll,i was she ? What was her story. Mr. M’lver ?" “ Alexander told me the story nest day. Arargarct TTi it of harns'tvae. a beautiful and high-spirited .sir!, foil in love wifli .ui'd soorotlv married her brother's tutor. When the marriage was diseovered lie was in Kdinbiirgh preparins a iiome for ids wife, and on his return there was a terrible scene, for Mrs. Klimt was another Daily Asli ton. She loid li’in that liis wife had been sent to a hToneli ootieonl. and the poor fellow, mad with grief. went abroad in search of iior. It was a false hood. of course. Margaret nerer left iier mother’s house alive. Her little child was taken away one night, and Margn rei: in despair tried to (linrw herself from |ih, window of ihat very room r slept in. She died soon alter of a Iirok-u heart. It. all hap pened lone aim— last cemnry. I believe.” “Poor girl." said Joey. softly. " I idled that bit about 'the candle luirnimr blue," said Janet pensively: creep. “ I ishould like to see a trim hobby. flush !’ said Ivor. holding up a wamimr hand. “ M’k-it is tiial V” l‘ii-naf. pit-pal. came Hie sound or soft foot steps on file stair. The girls looked tit each other fearfully, tin,I i'.e.bb.v turned very pale. Ian grasped the poker with one hand and threw bis ether arm protect burly round Janet. Pit-pii. pit-pat. [t was coming nearer. I! a li.o 1 Joey screamed, and I','ll !'iintin^ in Fan’s anus. l|o r,goutiv deposited her on the e.uieli. and ononed ilm door. S'im.uliiiio (lew past wbli a wild erv. Hobby howled. thinking his hour was Ian demanded, " *Vlm Is Unit: Af’ 1 vor. is that you ?" said a tpiaver Ing voice from llm darkness. “ Any,ds and minis!,uv of artloe do I'oiid ns ! A Pain. Ian. ijii:,-l; !’’ ox elainiod leer, hemline over a heap at. the foot of lb,, si airs. Ian dropped the poker and struck a Unlit, ami Janet followed him into The “ Oh !’’ she ejaculated in dismay. It was llm 11ov O,ni —;i 1 <I M'Kinmui, in nightcap ami dressing-gown. with an oxiineulsbed taper ill one hand, a stick in the other, and a la rye ja pa titled loa tray oil tlm top of him. They bellied the old gentleman tn his feel, and took him into tile room to “ I’m all rigid. I,aims.” 1m said, when lie had been revived with a mouthful of whi-'kv. " Whatevei father’'" a-■ him alVeotio, •’ 1 hwii'd v tim foot „r ■ rough! you downsta’rs. 1 -tame, iwvermg „Vor ely with the h es. inv dear, ami ilmiur'if :. Till'll, when I got to of Pm siair I trint'Oi! on the knocked over tlm p-av." eat .’ That ,-termin'- for the !1." said Ian. “ I didn’t know it was It.ddiv or Pie »i„s' ” e i- iioid ••aid ,11 lid. look dear, wake up ! Tlm ghost some wiiiske, and yon had is 11,a better have snum too." " films! !" reneated M'Kinnon. I wonder «• ha vena mair sense. Janet. Tilt ! Mf'oitV ill a I ? There’s a man behind Pm curtain. M’Tvor.’’ e.vehiinmd file oid yentl,’man. pointiny willi yreat exeifi'nmni p, (]10 crimson damask, which appeared to he much nyitafed. "There is some one there." renliod Tail, deliberately risiny and yoiny to tlie window. There w.as a howl from behind Iho curtain as he proceeded to unmask the ruffian. Ti was the' v.a’iant hobby, crouched in a earner, with lu's finyers in ids ears. “ P.ohliv ! What d’ve mean by sic like e.unfrips ?’’ demanded his father, in iliyn.nntly. Robhy exclaimed with a .“earlet coun tenance that tie thought it was one of Mr. M’Jvor’s eotlins. and that he felt a natural reluctance to occupy it pre maturely. “ PofflTis ! The laddie’s dreaminy.” said tile old lyentlem.ui. se.and.alised. “ Wlnt wav .are ye no in lied, ho-bliy ?” “T congratulate yen on Pm success of your story. Mr. MTvor.” said Janet.’ “ You Imre frightened everybody Into fifs.” 11 T wonder at ye. API vor. and the morn the Fast Day." said the old minis ter. in a tone of mild reproach. “They would lmve it, sir,” said Iau, apoloyetically. “ Nerer mind, father.” |said Janet, saucily. “ we’ll do penance to-morrow— we’ll all yo twice to church.” "Ye’ve mneklo need.” was the dry response. “ M’lvov. liyiit the candles —I’ll see ye a.’ not this time.” Tan obeyed, and the procession formed and filed out oif the room, headed hv the old sent toman and hobby—the latter much subdued. “ AYo only want surplices to look like a procession of priests and aeolytes.” said Janet. laughingly. " Don’t you feel like one. Ian ?" “ Not T.” he replied, promptly. “ I ! wouldn’t, he a Roman Catholic priest j under existIu.tr circumstances"—lie i looked at Janet—” for any considera .Tanet (timed round impatiently. “ Come along. Joey, it’s time you were in bed with that -white fare. Mr. M’lror. I hope we shan’t dream of the golden-haired Maryaret.” “I hope not. Miss Janet.” lie replied, with a smile. “ flood-night, Miss Joey” | —then in a lower lone—" llm lady of j my dreams will not have golden Ires.ses.” j It would have been unreasonable to ! complain just then of Miss Keith’s lack | of colour. “ flood-night, Mr. MTvor,” she said, with a sudden, lovely smile. “ I shall never, as long as T live, forget this night, or your story, or-" i “ Or what. Aliss Joey ? No, not till ! you finish your sentence !” for she was frying to regain possession of her hand. She looked round, .half-frightened. They were quite alone on the landing. | The w-rls were hardly audible. I But Joey had vanished.—By J. ’ Strong, In the " People’s Friend." 