OUR AMERICAN SPECIAL'S BUDGET THE SHARKBY=M'COY FIGHT, Interesting and Graphic Details. ?SHARKEY'S 'CLEAN- CUT PERFORMANCE. THE KID'S GOOD SHOWING. Bob Fitzsimmons , Comes Out of His Shell -Will Fight Anybody;;; and Everybody— 'Cocker' Tweedie Scores a Win— The {\ Australian Described as a 'Butterfly' Boxer. Billy Murphy Again Beaten — And the . '; Latest Sporting News and Notes. ..' ;: (By W. W. NAUGHTON.— SAN FRANCISCO, 'January 25.) ; ? ;' mHOSE who aro waiting expectanUy to | 1 seo that full-rigged ship ou Tom Shar vnv's broad bosom founder with all on board will havo to bido a wee. The sailor is still on deck, and has shown pretty con clusively that, in addition to possessing a tralr of good sen logs, he is learning how td Lvirato tho championship ocean with Suarkcy'B most recent achievement— his Befeat of Kid M'Coy— was A CLEAN-CUT PERFORMANCE., It proved that, whatever may bo consider- - d world-beating attributes la others, tho sailor's chiefest aids to victory nro abnor mal endurance and an innate love of tho tavagery of hand to hand slugging. -Blows which would give on -ordinary pugilist his quietus, havo only a flash-like effect on tho ? lard-jawed cx-Blucjackct. They have a double effect at that, for they scorn to ac celcrato tho motion of Sharkey's fighting machinery. He is willing to 'mix ? if at all Umes, and is eternally trying to get to close quarters, bufthc,stlng of a. crack on face or ribs Is like the 'fullrsteam ahead' signal which goes from bridge to engine Tn'bis match with M'Coy SHARKEY WAS DISTINCTLY IN : TROUBLE ; In tho third round.: Ho was first floored with a loft-hander on the chin, and ho wn3 up again like a magic bottle. O'Rourtso afterwards declared that tlip Wow was a knock-out, and that it was the jar of the ring floor- that revived Sharkey und sent him to his feel. Ho was '-howled over again . with a right-hander, and was up a3 quickly. M'Coy seems to have iblundered iin , :.not crowding hia man then and there, for ?when tho gong clanged at the end of tho roiirirt-Oie period of dancer. for;lho-sallor. was passed. After about the sixth' round Sharkoy had tho .lead, and .in tho tenth ho battered down tho sinewy Hobsier and pained another rung on tho championship ladder. ? - ''. . . - i: :l; M'Coy was a slicht favorite when tho fighters stopped into thoTing at the Lenox Club, New York, on tho night of January 10\. This was duo mainly to the fact that a few of tho wealthy Eastern bookmakers fancied him. and wero anxious to place their money in largo chunks but in. any caso . '? ' . .'.-'? ''??' -.- IT WASN'T A HEAVY; BETTING; '.;;? FIGHT. ':'.' -\,'t'\ :,')Z\'-: : : Sports generally feared something on tho Hues of the Sharkey-Cbrbett affair, and kept their money in their rockets; Nor was tho-houso as, big ns tho SharltoyCor bott house, there being only. 40,000'dol taken at the. gate, , ... '.-,?? .-'..;' : -... . Those who fancied M'Coy's chances pointed to the fact that the contest was n limited one. They argued that the Kid, with his speed, dexterity, and coolness, his powor to cut and bruise, and his trick of creeping close when it suited him and catching the other fellow's blows a3 a kitten catches corks, would blind and bo wilder Sharkey, and possibly goad him Into committing a foul. In any case, it was contended that M'Coy could do suffleient work with Ms left alone to keep ahead of Shnrkey iu the score, and at the same time keep out of tho lino of tho sailor's fire until the stipulated number of rounds had been boxed. But the result wont to Bhow; that ?pugilism, like horso' racing, is 'mighty onsartln.' ' : ' ' Some of tho graphic writers of Now York described M'Coy in tho ring' us; .;' FRAIL FRAMED, PALLID, AND ...'.?'. SNKK1UNG. :: , ; ; : One said that ho looked like a' fellow who would pluck tbo leathers from , a young robin, or stick a pill through a fly and mar vel at its buzzing. Sharkey wus.dbplclcd A KIND OF GORILLA— : ; '.:.: a brute lho.t, had he possessed a- tall, ?would delight to swing by it trom a jungle tree. ? ?? .:. ?;?' ;;-... '' But when the mill; wait over, oli ngreed that the two. men were fighters pure and simple. M'Coy, it was said, while defeated, ?was not disgraced, and as for Sharkey, It was doubtful it anything on two logs could stop him from going clear to tho top of the tree. ? ??...*; ?- :- ? . ?- It Is estimated that in tho first four rounds M'Coy mado Sharkey miss fifty Mows. During this time - THE SAILOR'S HEAD WAS BEING' JOLTED FROM SIDE TO SIDE ?with stiff lefts on Jaw, nose, and mouth. Each timo M'Coy scored ho would due!;, Eido step, or block tho counter, aud his ad mirers wero cheering like mad. After tho third round — tho ono fraught ?witji so much danger for Sharkoy— tho Bailor changed his tactics. Ho ceased his attempts at countering tho Bhifty Kid out in tho open ring, and began to rush. With ''weed head ho would boro In and carry M Coy to tho ropes. Three rounds of this kind of thing, and tho Kid began to tire. -His blows lost their steam, and his stop its elasticity. Then SHARKEY WAS ALL GINGER ami watchfulness. Ho played for tho body, and in tho eighth round sent In a left on 'the wind. Tho blow seemed to land low, and M'Coy looked appeal lngly at tho re foree. Tim Hurst, who acted in tho oill clal capacity mentioned, shook hio head as an Intimation that there was nothing to pass upon. Sharkey crowded tho Kid again, and floored him with a right In the mld-soc^ tlon. M'Coy foil and writhed In pain, but managed to get to his tcct, and live through the round. After that tho sailor gavo him no pence. It was up and smash, with the Kid . im prisoned In a corner or pinned against l.hn ropes. When tho end camo in the tenth round, Sharkey had M'Coy backed to one of the1 uprights. M'Coy. apparently': was pu2zllng how to get away, when the sailor let Ily.and eaiiKht him with a' loft on thu jaw. M'Coy fell, and his head hiing over the lower rope.. ,-.??. THE REFEREE COUNTED HIM OUT, and M'Coy aro3e dazed and disheartened. In the turmoil Sharkey did not understand that the; fisht , had been decided, and he dealt M'Coy a' right on. the neck, which sent him down again. Then Hurst pushed Shnrkey back to his corner, and explained tho situation. ; -. :' 'Tho following detailed account of tho yoke fellow, Harry Weldou, of, the Cinclu uatl ''Enquirer.' It Is, to.'my mlndi tho clearest aud most easily followed1 of 'all the stories 1 havo read: — . ?'?.'.- ?? ,- Thgy; feinted .'anil ficlcllcil n few seconds, M'Coy Boms backward. Then .MVoy made'Miuri;uv brcai; -.around. ; Finally the Kid led for 'the' wind willi: '10 .left, ..but: ,wrs .short, and they got In a clinch, then they measured k up. M'Coy nenlii sent Ilie Ml, and landed ugly on thc-'car. -'.bharkey toiin-' toral with -a right cm' the shouldor. .M'Coy (unit ed, Sharkey. making. some wild miscs- with his left, whicli.cuuscii Hie crowd to laugh. A ' secomi .later -M't'oy put , in a nice left on tlic.'wlml, and us right-on the side of.ths head. SI'arkey .nwiins his right 'lor counter, but made a bad miss,- mid the crowd yelled again. Once more the Kid got his loft in tho Sailor's wind, and ducked his head out. of the path of. u hard riRlif-hauder. Sharkey seemed to bo very angry ut making so many, missis. It was JfCov's round, mid the crowd waa pleased. '' -. , , Hound 2.— This was Kid's round. !Io nudc.a-* liuri: out of Ilic Sailor. ? As toon as they laccii bacli other Sliarkey nislitd (or lihii, ? but ffld siile sU-i.[ied him and sligt his left into Tom's 'mouth. Tern chased the Kid, who stopped,.- feinted,' and landed light and left on the head, and I lien duck cd a swing. Tlio.ru. was more chasms, and the Kid again snot his left into Tom's mourn, and ducked, a. swing.' Tom clineliiul, aiid 'rushed Kid to the raics, and tried to .throw him, and tho.-cro'Vd ..laacd. ... There -Ha^-inore: -. i-ha'siitf,'. iiniK'ljiii'.-.iciiiur -.tndetl by. Kid iiutliug his left iii Tom's mouth.': ': Itound 3. — M'Coy dniiciid aruuiid Sharliev for a second,;thcn went inwith.a left on the nie, anil' . feet .out .again without a .' counter. Again the Kid' danced around on: his toea, and then -jumped in with a left on the wind, lie got to u clinch wlih' Shaikey, getting away, unliuniicd. The Kid tried ?another lelt, but this tiine Slurl.-£-i- gut lib*- right in on M'Coy's rilis. Sharkcv tVieil' to crowd' M'Coy, but tlicIUd put his left on his face, and ducked under his counter. Near ihir t-lor* uf the round, as Sharkey went to duck, JfUc-y caiight him with a left-hand hook, .mid scored a ' clean' knock-down. Shnrkey (ell on the 'bosom' of his .-tights mill- then fell. over on his hack, hi: was up ''agxin-in a second, hut .M'Coy floored him with a swinging right-hander, lie got up in a second, and . M'Coy; went into finish him. lie couldn't get an opening, and (he .gong saved the Sailor from being knocked out. ? .- ; Hound -'.-Kid again had Hie !:cst of it., lie put: right aud lull.- Slmrki.'y's counter being uwayup in1 the 'air. Kid shoved his Kit into Kharkey's mouth, and so often the crowd laughed. Time and time again he put Iwth in Tom's lace. Kin ally in a clinch Tom tried to throw him, and the crowd hissed. Kid then shot u left, on the jaw, aud the Sailor staggered. Tom. however, landed u heavy one on the Kid's wind, and Mil Kid appeared winded. The round' ended in Kid sticking his left into Tom's nose. ? lloural B.— M'Coy edited -Sharlur to his own cor ner, and then the Sailor rushed forward. The Kid 'blocked him. A few si-cinds later Sharkcv rushed again, M'Coy made a. side stop, and ' Sharkey dashed into the ropes with great force. Then Sharkey changed his taciicf. Three time;! in suc cession he rushed into clinches without striking a Wow. ICaeh limn ho bore M'Cbv to the ropes. Onco when he rushed M'Coy to the west corner he got in right and left on .M'Coy's head. In another rush ho put the left on .M'Coy's nose, and ?mado it bleed. M'Coy looked a little distressed at the end of this round.- lie seemed to he ('red. Round I).— Sharlicy set the pace, and wentmt the Kid, who side-stepped, but Sharkey landed his left heavy on the. body. Kid returned uno in the sa.1110 place. There was chasing, . and Sharkey again landed heavy on the wind. Kid got in two heavy ones on .the jaw. Sharliev rushed again, landing benvily on the body, and Kid looked worried. : Sharkey rushed again, landing heavily en the wind and jaw with loft and right; -as the gong sounded, Kid went to iiis corner looking a bit worried. Hound 7.— Sharkey was the aggressor. ? There were several leads, but they were not' of im portance, and flcvcrul landed iu clinches. ' Kinally Sharkey cornered M'Coy, and got in 11 hard right (in the wind.. In another rush ho drove M'Coy 'to ;the ropes, and landed right and left. M'Coy -got in u'quad'*ofuppor'cuts- oirlho! Sailor's chin,, but the blows lacked force. The rest of.the round was made up of light rallies and clinches. Iloth Kcem cd to bo very tired. There was little force to the blown .o(. either. Onco in 'a clinch Slmrkey put the head of the glove in M'Coy's uioulh, and pushed back his head, lie was hissed vigorously. Round 8.--TI1C Kid came up mulling, hut.was 1 tired iiud wealt. Ho 'led with.left; on wind,: but there was no force ;in it'. .Sharkey 'kept- right after him, and the Kid would dance -away '.from ?him. Kinally thn sailor rushed nl tho Kid; and an lie did ko brought up his left and landed u lerrlnc blow on the, Kid's wind. That brought them to a clinch on tho ropes. ??'When they, broke Jl'C'ov turned to Itctcrco Hurst to protest against the blow, claiming It was low. .lust astho did Sharkey' lipped in his right, on tho sinniuch. M'Coy staggered, holding Iwth hands on -the abdomen, and, douliling up like ? a' : jackknife.' went down. Tho crowd liegan to yell foul, hut Hurst paid no attcntioii, and, bending over M'Coy, began count ing, and ill. the; same, time keeping Sharkey away, with the other. Just as Hurst was' about to say ten tho Kid got up and staggered around the. ring. The rest of the round was laHen up in M'Coy run ning. away frohrToin. When the gong sounded the Kid .went to his copier in a very weak condition. It was evident the two blows liad done the. work. Doiuid.O.— iM'C'pj-, considering his had 'condition in the other round; camn up In pretty good. shape. Ho danced around Slrarkey for a few seconds. Then the ; sailor carried; him to tho ropes with a rush, and landed an awful drive in tho stomach that made him double up'. Again Sharkoy rushed, and once more put-M'Coy on the ropes. Again he fol lowed - O'Rourkc's instructions to go Iwlow.' and- nend.in two drives on the wind; The last 'was a light-hniid upiicrout, and almost lifted M'Coy, from his feel. The Kid. wns weak, ' -ami seemed: to In distress, but jiist . before 'Uio gong sounded ho made a rally and landed a hard upporciit on the ellin. Houridini— When ' the men faeed each other Shar Itey'a right cyo^vasnll hut closed., lie was s'rong, hut u little tired. . The Kid, on tho other hand, was iialc and weak. Tile old sarcastic; sniilo of confldcnco was gone,- and It was evident ho could not last against the sailor's rushes. Sharkey whs cool, und went for (lio-Kid, who hopped urotind the rinc. wanling off and Hide-stepping Sharkey's leads. They had gone around tho ring onco when Sharkey got the Kid in close quarters at the centre stake on Ihe east sldn of the ring. The Kid tried to Bet out, and as he did Sharkey brought around his left.- It was a Ktllf half-hook delivered hut - n short dixtancc/'and.lt landed .on the Kid's jaw, and down' he went' on tlic 16wcr ntraud of tho rope, and then. slid 10 the floor In a sitting position. Hurst- k-uiicd over lilui' and counted ill bis ear.'at the same time waving Shnrkoy Hack. The latter wiw siaiiilln'g very close, ready to deliver tlic final lilow.1- ? JJut it! had been delivered. :und the. Huosicr lad wnscdunted out. Sharkey, however,' did not hear it for. a second or two after the Kill : had been .counted out. and. he had serajnhled to his feet. 'Sharkey laming his- right, landing .on- the backoflho 'head. The blow sent the. Kid down with his head on the lower Rtrnnd of the. -rape. Hurst iiuahedSharkey away, and the police .stepped in. 'Sharkey went ; to his corner, and the Kid staggered back' to -his handlers; still' groggy from the blows.. - ':?.?? ?'':.? ?? '.-'. ' : ' . While the: contest and the scenes which hedged .itnboutrwere lively enough; in alt ,corisciencb,;they,'.,we're as^nothing to V J -.-? ?'. Sharlsey'sVdashing iperformanco, and-. the ? pralsoifor the- sailor 'which .It ontnllon. brought: Bob Fitzsimmons out of his shell; :With',a' bang, arid 'now ho-V/.V.'-T-''-.:-'. -. .?-,?.-_? * . . !? WANTS: TOSfiGHT; ANYBODY r AND'.-': ' ri: . :??;.'.;?,??:? :- B VBRYBOpTi; ?;::?? .».? v:' ,l\': Sharltoyi.proforred.' ' ? ' ,' ',-,''.':?? ?'. '. lit io'oyidqnt thiifc Bob cspccted;a;d!frc rent rcrult-to tho contest. In' an Interview on the day. 'of. tho light,' hu'said : 'It 'M'Coy. wins to-night I will tako him oh;a'ny tliiio. My money is already posted. . I will light fight-is from' the pen.of my old friend ami. him for either the mlddlo or heavy weight championship. I will scale down to 1531 1- It ho wants to nght in tho middle-weight class? Sharkey is a faker. If ho wins 1 may tell him to go and fight Jlaher.' This kind of talk strougthened an im pression 1 hnd already formed as to there bolng some sort of a taoit'- 'understanding between Bob and the Kid regarding a picturo fight in Carson or elsewhere. How- i over, such a.scheino; if it existed; has gone glirnmerinf; now, and possibly this Is why FitK U so palpably iuceiiBed nt Sharkoy's success'.''. Anyhow, directly Fitzsimmons heard -tlio result, ho changed his tune, and spoke words to this effect: 'I will fight Sharkey -just as soon as tho thing can bo arranged. I will close my show in tnrco weeks' time it necessary, and de vote air ray attention to him. -All -I' ask for is.tb'at the fight shall be. .', ?'?? ? ;- .'?'iS''-;': '.'-to '.a; finish,1; ? :-'';:.:: : :^ and that tlicro, shall be a side bet , of., lU.OOOdol. 1 wilC '.light anywhere but .'in, O'Rourkc's club at-Now York., I believe: ,: SOME KIIs'D.oi?-^y.BApCER GAME - Is bdng worked ttiereffiTl the wiiilo:': ?'-; !? - When1 Shnrkey ''wasWInformcd ' of : Bob's; bellicoEo ' utterances, li'cCsald: ?' ' . ?: ?'. 'Just look at that now'. .Hero is a tello\y; I've been'' chasing, forv-years, ? and now he wants .to ? light at- the drop ot the hat. I'm not sure whether I oughtn't to tell him to go' and'COt a reputation,' as he has often told mo and; olhors: But lie can have: a fight/just as scon as I. have had a rest. I've beoii at it constantly nowfor a year or more, and I'm going to take a lay-off and visit tho old -'country.' When. I get ready to enter tho ring again, if Fitzlmmons is in Mio.'samo mind, I'll tako him on first.' . - O'Rourke also' dilated on tho necessity of Sbarkoy - takiViG-n ? resi .'r'-Iic'saJdHhat'-hn ? would in .-ill probability, accompany Tom to England, and that there might — and. very likely would— bo a contest: of some .kind with Charllo: AIRciicll. Doubtless it will be ot sucli a naturo that it will not disturb tho sailor's rest.. ;.-..? . ? Fitz saw that his nunrry was getting away from -him, and bo had to modify somt. of his demands' He said that after mature deliberation ho. \would not insist on 'a finish fight.' That la, y..: ?;?.'? H13 WOULD CONSJENT TO A 20 OR 2S ; ROUND GO, so as.to conform with -thb provisions of the Horton law provided. It. was understood,, that additional rounds' could bo ordered by the referee until such, time as ono of , tho principals was unablpito continue the light. Furtkernioro; ho would ' not' insist on a side bat of ip.OOOdol, buS'hisold'objectiqn nsninst lighUiie i» any club coatroiled'by O'ltourke .still held. : .-' ??.?'?? ?-?.??-??'..???'.'?.???.? ' ?? . ' ? :-..?.'? in. response to this, O'Rourke said that Sharkey would cover Fltx's forfeit and sign articles right away if- Fitz would .find a club that would offer a suitable purse. The club must be a bona-fldo organisation,. and it must be a purso; not a percentage' of receipts. As to thosldo bet; ho would agree to fintl enough money to cover the (CONTINUED ON PAGK 0.) OUR AMERICAN LETTER, (u-NNNi;r:u 1-noM pacii: i.) lO.OOOdol. origliially mentioned by Fltz at current oddj, nnd would, In addition,, agree lo bet a 'thousand dollars Hint THE CONTEST WOUM) NOT LAST TEN '. ' HOUNDS. ' ' ' .' , The 'source' from which I oblnlned,,lhls Information did nol mnko. It clear as to, whether O'Rmirkc meant that Sharkoy would win In ten rounds. I guess that 13 tho wny bo wnnlod lo b'ot, hoiyovor. t ' O'Rourko omhollishcd.his romnrl;3 with come opinions to tho cftcot that Fltzslui mona wns only talking for publication., 'I don't bellovo Fltr. will over outer tho ring again, anil I'm sure that ho hns no Inten tion of going ncninst Sharkey,' is the way smiling Tom put It. , 0 It It wns simply his dcslro to goad Fitz Into' sayins son- ci1ilu3 hot nml ' strong, O'Rourko suocc-odcil adnilinbly, for now i'Ur, la out wlihM challcngo lo all nnd auiidry. lie tays ho ban determined to JUMP T3ACK INTO T1I10 lt!NO ? without furlkcripnusc, and light, everybody that romes along in tho mlddlo or heavy weight class. ' Uo has given Shnrkoy niue days (but sovon i-c-ra'ain) to coyer his ?500 dollnr forfoit, iind mako a rhalch.'.and has In'timnlml that if .''Sharkoy crawfishes, Jof frlca will bo accommodated.' , Upon I'iils hint, Jeffries cummoncd by his now nmnogOr, W. A. , Brady, I.i hurrying ISail, and It Is now a certainty that -? A WORLD'S CHAMPIONSHIP MATCH between. FiU and some olhoriheavy--wclcht will be nrrnnged, about tho time this lottor is abreast of the Hawaiian Itlnnds. Both Jeffries nnd Corbclt hnvo covered Fltz'n forfeit In Hie hands of tho 'Now York Journal,' bill, ao tald before, Pitz hao ex proonod a preference for Jeffries. Any kind of a fight with FlUslmmons In it will bo n drawing card, but; as matters Kthnd, .it 13 . Sharkpyi and tho Cornlshman ? he sporting public arc most anxious to sec. Tbo majority opinion, however, seems to bo that, O'Uourlio .will hold Sharkoy back for a while co that como of tho easy monoy which puncinlly nualta .1 prise-ring horo may bo l'arvudlcd. At thai, I guoss, O'Rourko nnd Kharltcy me no wor^o .anil no bottor than uuinnseis nnd picspocilvc champlona who hnvo gono before, ?* , I li.uu never hcnr.l of Flt/.slmmons clighting the foolllght imluiitry whon tbf limo was propitious for a. tour, and,' as for Coihctt and olhe:i I misii* mention, thu ring v;as oniy a sldu l=suo to tho singe. As UiIiikj nro Khnping, Ihcicforo, I expect lo.henr of Fit/, and Jeffries .being matched for Uio Championship of the World. Know 'itig'Sharkcy as I do, T think sucii proasuro could bo brought to bear.on hlih as would ir.'dko him hurst from . o'Rourho's restraint mid demand that lie be given the chance to win the Cornishmiin's latircin. !t would only bo nocossary, I imagine, to impress upon Sharkoy that F1TZ LICK1SD HIM, AND WAS ROBBED OF THE PURSE AND DECISION ; thai. Jeffries also defoated him; and that, with two such men battling for the blue ribbon,' thn world would forgot that such a man ns Thoma.i J. Sharkey, lato of Uncle Sam's Navy, existed. Now, friends r.f mlno. right, here In San Francleco dilTor from mo ill opinion oh this particular score. They hold that Sharkoy si 111 ontortalna u llvoly rocolloction of tha bumps nnd contusions raised by the Cor nlshman's frockled fists, ;hndtho.t ho will never too tho scratch with 'Lanky Bob a second time. ,Ono of the fellows 1 have dlscusacd this matter with says tihat ho wnt nt~ Coney Isinnd tho night the sailor w'hlp pod Ruhlin, und heanl Shnrkoy's tralnor, Tim M'Gi'nth, remark that Tom stood roady to fight. any man. In the world. bar one. VWho is tho one 7' wns aakod. 'FRzsimmoiis,' v.p«3 the reply. 'He wants to ha\o nothing to do with tho .red headed fellow. Bob punches too hard.' This, of course, may bo; A CAMPAIGN LIE, aad, ngMn, It may bo tho truth. I know tlmt'Sharkey out a sorry flpuro whon I saw him propped up In bed the morning after ? his little nflair with Fit7,. He was sup posed to be tho victim of a foul blow, but It appealed lo me at the time that bruised ribs nnd nn car that looked liko a ripe ogg fruit troubled him more Uinn tbo Injury tlio doctors had' tried to locate. My oivn ovperienco, conseqtiondy, leads me to bollovo tlial the claim that Sharkoy ?up to the pronont lias been, more anxious, 'to avoid Kit/, than to meet him is 'not nil baseless fabric ; but at the- pamo timoi if;i am any judge of human nntiiio, unpleasant icminlsccncoii nre not potent enough to caii30 this burly s.illor to place himself in the light of a poltroon. He wns a com parative novice whon ho 'faced Fitz, nnd he \v»s scut into the ring with the idea that bo had to m'ako n dafcjislvo more fhan an ncsrc'slvo fight. IIo is a different man ontiroly now. Ho. has been licked into shape; ho has unlimited- confidence (an other word 'tor courago in tho caso o£ most fighters), nnd he has ' THE CHAMPIONSHIP BEE IN HIS 1 ' BONNET. ' I havo received- many lotters from him during tho past year (ho is fond of. writing to nowRpaper mcn),and his favorito post cript Is: 'I will be the champion of the world before 1000.' Tako my word for It, ho will make a match with Fitz nil right before very long. Of course, he' will got no peace until he dees so. If he dallies too long with tho footlights tho shllery gods wlHromlndhlm of what Is expected of him, just ns they would remind Fitz if the boot wero on the other ' leg. Alid'' reminding Shaxkey of.: ' ?something ? unidono Is liko apply ing tho spur' to a freshly-brokon coll. Ho will' wnnt thorn to produce Fltzsimmoiis right there and then, and whllo waiting he will volunteer to whip the gallery god as a kind of curtain-raiser; At 'this stagb of tho - game of course; Sharkoy Is' being discussed from other El'audpoinis besldo tho : pugilistic. Ills wrirdrobo, his baiilc account, what ho cats, and, abovo all, .tho fact that ho sent hlo aged parents ti: Iroland KOOWol. of the ICOOOdol. 'ho received for -downing M'Coy, aro 'fruitful thomes. Ho is followed by .crowds, ohecrai --vhon ho enters theatres and /vaudeville- Bhows, .and his exlstenco generally has a 'Soo tho Conquering Hero Comos' twang to it. During tho pant fow nights ho has been , doing a turn at Gomo Boston house, for which it Is understood ho receives ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS A WEEK. Ho Is in a. fair, wny to mako monoy, and .unless his 'nature alters, he wijl keep It. I Hoarding wealth holds about ns much un alloyed joy for tho retired seaman as tossing aspiring fcca.yy-wclghts through tho ropes. ^ M'Coy, meanwhile, Is In an - explaining mood; About the first thing ho did after ho recovered from the Knock-out blow wns to remark that lie had been whipped fairly 'and jisquarely. Of course ? Dhoro ?wcro thousands of spectators of tho samo way of tlilnkiii.t. Thon the Kid 'broke down nnd wept in his dresslnB- room,' as tbo novelist I might say If they wroto novels around prize lighters. ? 'Next ; .day .' several— ayo, hundrcds~-of thoso who did not 'liko to soo M'Coy downoJ told just: how ho miglit ,havo ayorted tho cuinslropho. Most of Uio argumonts hingod ;ori''tho Kid's neglect to follow, up his ad vantage whon ho had Sharkoy tumbling to tho 'floor in tho third round. It was further claimed that M'Coy did not use Igood judgment In 'mixing 'It' with tho sailor at tlmos whon, tho: lattor 'was: 'strong' — that had ho niado ur,o of his 'cleverness, nnd rolled upon Ms cruel loft ifor punching purposes ,'ho would hnvo boon Clicro nt tho end of tho 20th round, and would have heard 'Uio roar3 of congratula tion: that' would have '.accompanied tho an nouncement of his victory. Tlilfl k'lnd oCtolk. drove Uio Kid to ohoiv lng the cud, nnd he begun to think up ren 'sons why ho should be given another chnnco nl Slinrltoy. -First, ho talked 'foul blow,' claiming that Sharkey had 'douo illlni dirt' in tho eighth round, but.. oven hla own seconds gnvo the lio to this, whllo moro lhanibna astut-j;spectator.TOcalled how tiio Kid's actlona whon/.flrst knocked do-wn savorofl'*hlronKly ot malingering. Noxt ^M'Coy took tho stand .thai he ' LOST 'BY HIS'OWN FOOLISHNESS,' moaning, I guess, that ho held tho sailor too ohrtip, and neglected to flglit carefully. Me K.'ild ho felt sure those who snw thn mil) would admit thnt It would bo an oven money bet ns tp'wtoo would bo knocked out wore the battle to bo fought over again. He nlro told that a certain form of lntl H1' ?? ? ? mldatlon h.ifl boon adopletl by Sharkoy s trlendo'ln the Lonox.Club, mid that Kerorco Toni'.Hurat had confitruosl Wre Q'uoensborry . ralo3 In an nrbltrary manner. In this connection It mny bo mentioned that a dcadlosk sennd imminent. M'Coy wanted It understood that''.T., clinch'. ,wns a clinch no long na ellhor mail' wns holding tho other, end thnt there could be no, hit ting as long aa such clinch lasted. Shnrkoy luxated tiiat it took two to make a fl!liir-h, nnd that If the hugging was one-sided, the tcllcw -who preferred to keep his arms freo could use thorn for purpo3os ot nasault. Finally, It \\\n3 .ngrcefi to let tho referee Interpret the rulos - to suit hlmoolC, and M'Coy claims Llial.this pnrt raado him A MARK FOR ROUGH WORK AND - FOULS.. In this ho Is borno out by tho hnndtul ot wealthy Turfites w-ho backed him. Thoy squealed lustily about tho dirty work In dulged In by Sharkoy, but It 13 plain, on tho face of it; that It* Is their Io3se3 they aro soro about. ? Nhioty-flvc per cont. of thoso Woro til the thing say that It was a clean, manly fight, nnd that 'the 'ho3t man', won. Hero Is another ot M'Coy's 'kicks,' ns related by a newspaper frlond of tho Hobalor lnd : ' ''Under' tho Horton law. a physician Is cuposcd to cxamlno each con losfant boforo'ho bntora the : ring. Tho Lohox Club physician did not oxamlho Cor bott wlieri 'ho wiis to moot Sharkoy. Neither did ho'oxnm'Ino other ?well-known pugilists «lio contested ' iti'itho ardria ot tho club. But ho was determined. to examine tho phy sical 'condition 'of -M'Coy, '.ami Insisted upon doing so. Now, M'Coy 13 a very senslilvo, highly-strung, and norvously-cbhslltul'cd loung fellow. After examining him tho pliyslolan dilated upon '' tbo condition of his stomach nnd other portions of hla ana tomy.- 'Ho acted as though ho was holding edmot.hlug back. Ho wont away, but re turned, and, with so-iomn vk.agc, warned M'Coy-;-co!ifidontlally, ? of. course— s THAT HIS HEART WAS 'BAD.' ',' lie ordered Jl'Coy lo protect that organ In' overy way, telling him what It meant should such a. torrlbly. strong fellow as Sharkoy hit, him: over the heart. ,' M'Coy. n.ia tioublcd over tho talk, .and when he got through with tho physician* ho was willing to .believe ho had anything from yellow fever lo 'small-pox.' All cr which besets tho merry ha, I ha ! It Ic just llk« one ot tho 'tricks O'Rourko would spring if ho had an inkling that tho other follow was afraid of ghosts, but it is too tunny for anything to hear M'Coy and his friends enlarge upon Uiu occurrence. It simply go«.s lo show tho dlfterenoo between pugilism. JURt Imagine, ror instance, tomo phyelcUn IIuloii years ago telling that rugged ])lcce of humanity, Lawrence Foley, 10 ba caruful and guard hla heart. From my rccolkotion of the. champ. , with the mutton chop v.-hiikcis in his heyday, he wouldn't 'Wilt or weaken, but would want toiknbw if -tho doctor hadn't Ijotlcr keep tuiiw r.f his advico for tho man In the oilier corjor. It seems to rao 'that the Hunting division of the Anglo-S.ixon race 11 in a bad way when some, cheap pill pounder can Eparo a world's championship candidate 'into fits on the eve of an im portant ring encounter. However, it Is nil .over acrt past and gone now, and M'Coy, I understand, will 'bo on his -way to San Francisco in a couple of Aayu. The purport of his visit. has not been made clear, but 1 suppose- a match with Choynaki, Corbctt, or scmcono else hn3 benu outlined back Kai-t., and w111 ll)0 braughL to a hr.ad out 'thlb way. An at lompt was niadi' to sign Corbctt and M'Coy In Now York, but although Pompadour Jim was at thn ringside ot the Sh.irkc-y-M'Coy .iltiilr, and v.-as hrard to declare loudly that M'Coy w.intr-i to quit In Uio eighth round, ho, for some roason unexplained, -l'il not lump at tlic chance cf mooting his rival In the lino of rcflno.l flntlcufts !n tho l Ing. Commonting en Corhrtt's behaviour 'at the ringside -a Now Yoik paper oald:— 'By. continuing 'the light until ho was knockci out by Sharkey Kid M'Coy made hosts ot ri'lpnds, and, In striking cnnirnst to Cor bett, showed that ho wan willing to receive x bc-allng. Tho behaviour ot M'Coy and Coiihctt when both were In Tango or Shar koy's heavy artillery wan to different thi spoptinr: m-;n have .bjuen^tal.kjne^about it over Eince.' ~ *'' -'.', , I must not forget lo mention that Ghar koy had Tommy Ttyan, the. clever miudlo wols'ht, in hlo corner, liyan wai, tho first boxer of proniinsnro to succumli to M'Coy, and Tommy ba3 had tho birlercfct kind of feelings fur 'the dapper Kid' over since. A fow days beforo pUttlns In an appearance, at Sharkoy's qunrlois, Hyan, who rockons 1'3 knows mere about M'Coy's style of fighting Ihnn nnyono else, forwarded n let ter of Int'LiueUono to Sharkey, in which he aai.l, onions; other things: — 'No one who has smii M'Coy In tho ring knows much about his fighting, as ho never rights twice alike. He doos his getting away from his v.aist up by bending -hlb hand over into striking dlslanrc to make you lead. When you load he will straighten up, and that will malm .invono ml&s; him. After you havo missed him ho Is in a position to iab with hlo left hand. When M'Coy comer, out and bends over to you. 'and slnrts feinting, lioop felnt.lng.rlBht. with him, and when you go' to lead mnko the lirs-t lead a bluff. Ono bluff lrud will put you In striking distance, and he will FtralgMcn up. Your next lead, of 'course.: will bo' on the square, and you aro liable to en toll him. When you lead with your loft keep It high always, and fol low -with your rh;bt low for tho body. M'Coy hates to bo feinted, moro than .any man In the world. -He does not like to fight near tho ropes. Anv tlmo you get him nenr them mako that bluff and lead and ho will straighten up against 'the ropes. Bo sure and - PICKLE YOUR FACE well, especially your oyra, for If he gets you bleeding anywhere ho will novor stop jabbing the bruise. Ho has very poor hands, and hurts them easily. If you give him plenty of feinting and bluff leads he will bo up a tree.' Whether Sharkoy profite-d'or not by this advice deponent, sayeth not. On his wny back to Syracnco after tho flg,ht Uyan became loquacious, and told a few dressing- room secrets, as It wore. First of all he assured his listeners that ha had gono very close to knocking. Sharkey cold onco or twico during thoir praotlco bouts at the end of tho training days. -.Then hi. continued. — 'Sharkoy didn't know he wjis knocked down tho second tlmo in that, third, round until I told 'him so In Ills \lrosslng-rooni half nn hour attor tho fight was over. Ho gave me «in argument, and undorotood that ho was only put down onco. That first knock down'dazod Sharkcy so badly that ho didn't know just 'wiiat followed. Ho. was grosjgy when ho got to his foot. It was an awful punch. You ceo, Tom is ouch a natural fighter; -hna ra much of the bull-dog grit In him 'I hat ho Inptlnot'vely got to his foot without knowing it.' Ryan added that tho serond knock down would have settled tiny man who wasn't a glutton. Ho vojwcd 'Uio belief that M'Coy made the mlstako of his life In neglecting to press Sharkey after flooring him twice In tho third round, and ho wound up with t'he declaration that he was ready and wil ling to tackle M'Coy himself at 15Slb. With just a paragraph or so moro rela tive to tho 'big follows; I will 'turn to some thing else. IXin- Stuart, of .lcinctoscopo fame, 1ms his eye on tho SharkoyFltzsim inons mutch, and should' It too arranged, will nmke a bid for it, his doslro being to handle. It in that arena of his at Carson naeo-lrack. At this stage, however, it looks as If Stuarfrf ohances of getting It aro mighty slim. FIU having agrcod to a contest tliat 'will. bo 111 accordant*! -with tho llortnn law; :Uroro is no occasion: to gpios far. afield as Carson tor a battlo ground. Such a go In Now York would, In all probability ?DRAW SIXTY THOUSAND DOLLARS, and that, I Riioas, 'Is whero It ivlll bo held If the match Is nrranBcd. Young l'luto, who has been boomed *o boriit' tlio band Blnco ho lnndcd In this ooun try, , w-is just a mark for Ooorgo DKon ?whon -t'hoy1 mot at tho Lono\\- Club. New York, on (ho night of January 17. Tho af fair 'lasted ton rounds, and from tho des criptions I havo read, I shouldn't wonder It Dlxmv discovered 'ho hnd Something easy In tho fight, 'n-nd merely prolonged tho go to give, the onlookers n bit of a run for their money. ? ? ' One account stated' lira t up' to tho ninlili round Pluto 'ovlnred smuo cleverness and ability tolako punishment, nothing more.' In' the tenth Jio 'camo up slrons.' and Dlxon postcil him on the jaw with the loft. Thoy wore Lo\lng In Dlxon's corner whon George nwung his rlsht heavily to the jaw. The Australian's knees best as if. there j wore hln'gca on tbcin,: and ho sank to ?tho i fioor. Ho was up quickly1' enough, -but ho '? 1 wiu; dazed. Dlxon -.? . ! ? i SAILKI) IN LIKE FURY ] end punched his man with loft, nnd right on , Iho f.ire und body. It nccnud -Imposslblo Tor fioBh'anil blootl to Bland Buoh'astorm.ot blown. Then camo tho Ilnlch, a left swing on 'the wind. I'luto -went down in a heap, and wut counted out, ; Poor riuto'H Borrows apparently did not i termlnnto whon Dlxnn lulled him to sleep. | Next diiy ho wen', to collrct bin end of tho | piirse (It win ,on|y three hundred dollars i.r | so), and wnn told by O'llnurko that his trainer.! hnd already received Uic money. Tho trtiincrs referred to were 'Billy' Shan non and 'Billy' Alters, a couplo r.f ex pugs, who run a cheap Txir house In San FmndFco. Tho 'trnlncrB' knncked Pluto do'vn anj maltreated him generally. They hold on to his money, nnd Huto, when laft hoard of, -vns Invoking the aid of Iho Now York Pollen Department In regaining what was coming to him. ' I'OOlt OLD 'BILLY1.1 'MURPHY:. , d-(K3h't sfltmi rtljlo to sheor : out of that ' IraliiQ streak Lo struck a fow years ago. 1 lls mont recent encounter was .with! Caspar .Loen, at Cincinnati. !Lcon, Is a New- Yorker. Ho is clover and nirRressivo, and no played a Hinarl trick on Murphy in regard 'to tho wolglit question. It appeal's that they agreed to box hi 11011),: and that Murphy posted hifl forfeit In Cincinnati,. and just wcakoheil himself In order to get to tlio prescrifcejl notch. It. was found when Leon arrived In Cincinnati that ho was OVKKWEIfJIIT MANY POUNDS, and that ho. had no forfeit, up. 'Somo of Murphy's frlerid3 advised him to calloff the match, but tho Torpedo, In his usual 'never sny dio' style, refused. It was a ten-round go, and Murphy, whllo ho put up a game rosWtanco, ra roughly han dled by his 'hciavlei' opponent. The decision wont to Leon. * Thoro havo been mnro lights than a per son could' shako a slUck at, but on account of tho inroads ma'le on lUo show at my dlnpcsnl .by tho Sharkoy-M'Coy affair, n brief mention of 'the moro important will hive 'to suffice. Tho' mooting, bejtwooii Oscar Gardiner,, of Onui'hn, and Davo Sullivan, ot Iroland, at N(j,v York on January 10, attracted a lot of noilco. It w.is even enough up lo tho 17th round, and then ills-ittoi' was Sullivan's portion. lie scorned full of'flght when tho round opened, nnd went right to hi.i man. In a clinch thn logs or. batlr bruiscirs ho camo civl'anglofi, and Sullivan ' foil . to the floor. Tho moment ho got up Ga.i-dlncr planted two femrful right-hand swings on Dave's hc«d. and thtn put the Irlshmin ?out with a left-hander on the, mouth and (ilvln. Tfoo blows \vcro delivered with won ilorful rnplJIty. It'ivas Iho first tlmo In Sullivan's career that ho was sent lo tho land of Nod. 'Kid' MTariland bested Jack Carrig In 20 rounds at Buffalo on Janiiary 10; 'Kid' M'Cn'y 'being tiro referee. On 'tho samo higlit liie Irrcpivrclhle Splice Sullivan and Eddlo Connolly, of New Brunswick, boxed a 20 rounds draw ait New Haven, Conn. Jim Hill, the Australian, nnd Joo Chnyni 1:1 wenv'to havn boxed 20 rounds 'at. Ralvot- ton, Toxas, on tho iilcilit of January 17, but ?li'nn sheriff warned Hall somo. days lwfoic ho.nd that it would bo ussIobs to try nnd 'carry through the proftranimo. Hall. is In structor, or niiitch-makor, of the club. where Uio affair nns to have taken place. Chovnokl, 'It wnn announced tome II'Llo lllmn at;o, hnd blnad poisoning ngaln. That vas thn rennon advanced for' hin. failure to box Gus Uuhlln nftcr tbe match had been arranged find Iho 'flute' fixed. I- nues3 Joseph murt havo recovered quicker Lhan ho e-.- pertcd. It Is said now that li? will enmo to S.n Frrneisco, and that a match bclnccn him and Ivld M'Coy is ono r-t (he probabilities. 1 itIIc', hewrver. that .Toe's f?lhor died in fhls city yesterday and I :,upposo that, will It cop the Sail Fr.mciteo Jioavy-irelgut out of the ring for n while. Fani Fit7p?trick lias lost his 'light- weight champion,' Jack Daly, and has «.iinod a now 'hravy-welght named Cbarllo Lanlar,' -.vbo Is rnokon of In a complimen tary way. l.awltT, who stnndslGft'3In;'a.nd ????eights 'OOln in pondition. In called the 'iil-h si-i:it.' It Ih dollnrs'.-to doughnuts that he sho-vs tome prbmlsp. or Sum Fitz patriclc, in his old age, would not 'be wa'st int; his lime nver him. 'OOCKBll' TWBEDIE made his neeond appenranno.in an Ameri can ,-lng lnsl night at Woodward's Pavilion, gatting tho decision over Chhrllo Tye;'hn Oal-.ld.nd lad, at tho end of a ilftcen-round bout. I must e.iy that while this follow Tweodle Is a'j clover a glove wleldcr a-! over came through the lane, I don't look for him to cut much of a swath in pugilistic circloB on this aide. Ho Is, to my mind, A BUTTERFLY BOXER pure and simple,' and! ho hue one fault' that will surely bo a flcliiincnt to him. Ho Is too prone , to mnke what t:io Yanks call 'Grandstand play.' A cheer, a rattle of foot nnd hands at conic 'clover trick ot lils mnkes him kittenish, nnd ho begins to show the onlooltcia how many fancy touches hs lb master of H wn= this kind of thing that got' him Into trouble,' I'm siiro, with Jimmy Lnwlor, a year ago,: nnd. If '.I don't mistake my man, it. will got him into trou ble again tho first time ho starts up against a youngster' wliq It, level-iic-aded onough to watch and wait. Tyo is what might bo called a Ihoiough unknown. He is a sturdily built, gamo youngster, but lacks experience, niid when: Tweedlc began skipping around him, , lib wns bewildered. Even nt that lid reached Tweodle's body a fow tlmo3 between tho fourth and seventh rounds, and .the blows in -conjunction with' Twoedio's' monotonous nnd .unbroken jig dnnce-left tho Australian a bit shy on wind for ia while. With a hot ter skilled workman than Tye before him, It might havo been my painful duty to re cord a second reverse for Mr. Twoedlo. Twoodlo's best-blow apparently is a right drive at t'ho body. Ho sent this in several times In ovory found, but as far as I could see ho did not attempt that right cross SO DEAR TO' THE HEART OF THE ' AVERAGE AUSTRALIANFIGHTEU; Allbgothcr he croatod the Impression that he lacked punishing power, but at tho Mime time 'his talent as a. sparrer was duly admired. He will, of course, rieciiro other ongagoments, winners always 'do,- und If ho Is wlso ho will tako his next match more sorlously.' Tho 'main event ot last night's exhibition wns a 20-round go between welter weights Frank' M'Counell and Al. Noill. Tho lattor Is a brand new graduate from tho amateur ranks, and from the look of things ho Is going to nmkc his mark In the world ot fists. M'Connell 1t was wlio defeated Grlffo at tho Olympic Club that night last year, whon Tweedlo was knocked out by Lawler. Aftor that M'Connell defeated Chaiilo M'Kcevor In four or fivb rounds, und ,was In turn , dofea ted by ' Tom , Tracoy .iiridiGcorgo- Groan. i ' It .was a 'rlghtrhand fight' in. tho main, o.ieh fellow simply Hddllng to got an open ing for what M.ico or somebody ols.o used to call 'tho auctioneer.' In several or tho rounds they had spoils of glve-,uid-tako smashing, with tho right. . M'Coniioll was dropped twico in Uho fourth round, and It' looked blue! for him just then. Ho pulled through; .however, iind was thoro ,'at tho ond of tho twouty rounds. Hoforco Jim M'Donnld called It a draw, and: It '.struck mo tliat the decision was a fair one. Noill had n little shade the bet tor of It, but not enough [b cutltlo hliu to all Iho glory and emoluments. It looks at presoiit as If boxing will boom more than over during tho prosout year In S.ui Francisco. Nothing but championship affairs apparently draw inlying houses In tho linst, whlla cards which promise avo rago , sport aro always woll patronised .at t'hls ond. This docs not mean, -of course, that1 thefo 'wllj bo no high-class affairs 'hero. The ohiimplbniulp light, 1 guoss, will bo docldod olsownore, .Dut.it will sur prlso mo If men liko Corbott, M'Coy, Jeft rleu; and Shnrkoy, are not looking for open ings at tihls ond before the Summer is very far spout. Frank. 13rno, tho Buftalp light-weight, la at present In San Fr.inclueo, liavlug arrived horo a day or two ago In company with tho advance guard of the blx-duy bicyclists, Who nro coming to tnko Snn. Francisco by storm. Erne-is matched with Dal Hawkins, who, recontly knocked out 'Kid' M'Part lnud. They will box. horo In February. Jack Bonuer, the . rising young mlddlo wolglit; will bo horo In « few days. Ho will In all Ukollhnod bo matched with Georgo Green. Bonnc-r, unfortiinaloly for 'his peoco of mind, was tho causu of Iho death of Tom Lansing, a Louisville mlddlo-woleht, who Joined tho majority a few days ago. It was [ during a contest In. one- ot tho Eastern :ll.lu-8 that Banner struck Lnnslng, and imockpd 'lllili to Iho floor, the Louisville man'n head striking the boards, His ukull iviis frnntured, nnd ho lingered for tjnvoral ivooks, dylnp In tho early pnrt of thlsweolc. DAN CREEDO.V AND TOM TUACEY. nrb still. 'horc, and nro engugod In tiliat Western Winter pnstlmo known as 'Plny- Ing iho ponlcn.' 1 fro them at tho race Irack'''v6ry.'.oflon, but up to the prosont htivo net hoard of1 tliemimalting a killing. 15ar.li cfv them Is rondy 'In sign articles when a'sultablo match comas' 'along. Among 'this morning's newa despatches froiii the Knst In ono convoying tho, Infor mation t'hnt Edwards; a rcconlly-nrrlvod AualMllon fighter, was defoatod In 11 rounds by- Mynlorlous Billy Smith at tho Lenox Club. 15dwnrdSi 1 iindorstntid, crossed over from London a few weeks ago, and last nltsht'a nftnlr wns' his first engagement In this country. 'Cycling. Tho six-day blcyclo raco referred to a few paragraphs back, will begin at the Mechanics' Pavilion on Fdbninry .11. It. Is a repetition of tho, affair that took placo somo weeks ago In Madibon-squarc Gar dens, New Yorlt, Miller, tho champion olx dny trundloiVIs still. here, nnd a half-dozen others of his kidney.! The balance of tho endurance rlddro will arrlvo within a fow days, It being.' understood ? that about 30 competitors, Involving' a great many na tionalities, will figure In the affair. Eddlq Bald,r..lhb; lStlS Champion ot tho American wheel, at spr:nt distances, Is also 'herb, and tho greatest star oi.Lhem all, In tho porsori of JIMMY MICHAEL, THE WBLSHRARE BIT, 'has also put In an appearance, amongst us. Michael; Bald, and others, I believe, are to rldo exhibitions at thu six-day roll. Tho management is also arranging a sorlcs of races, for nhort dlstancb rlder3 rnsidont in tho West, nnd if, wftat nearly, ovbrybody says comes true, tho wheelmen will capture the town ; in February, . As things stand, therefore, thoro should bo a good deal of wboolmen'a gossip in my next. -It-' hiay. -bo necessary to stato that Bald und Mlchaplaro champions In two distinct clnssos, short distance --nd nilddlo distance. Bald excels tn'hprints from ono mile to two miles. Michael is at his best from 10 to 30 miles. As shewing that biklag celebrities nnd fistic celebrities aro not illlliig the public eye to tho exclusion of- all oliicrs, it may bo mentioned that Tim Hurst and.'Tod Sloan aro wllii us. Tim Hurst is a. famous basoball uniplro (famed for his courago and his lnipdrvlbusness to bounce and bius tor), and ho: lo;' moreover, tho individual who was referee' of the lato lamented Sharkoy-M'Coy go In New. York. Ho ar Tlvod lierb a couplo of days ago on a plca 3urq trip, unrt was Invited to officiate as rbferoo of tho Tweedic-Tyo contost. He accepted. Something Aboi;i Sloan. Sloan drives out to tho races on odd days, but ho does not accept any mounts. 'I would liko to ride; but my English con tracts prevent' mo,' Is tho-way-ho put'lt during ii convorsntion I hnd with Ihlra tho other day. Ho roforrcd to tlio rumors- that ho hnd made charges of unfairness against the ''English racing officials, and denied the story 'most 'strenuously. 'It lilmply umounts to this,1! ho said: 'If thoro h'cto no differences of opinion, thoro would bo no horso races. Now, lii ono or two races I rorti In I thought I had tho bept ot very close flnlnncn. Others be sides myself tliniiE'iit Ihnd won, but the judges ruled otherwise, itnd that settled it. In speaking of tins matter I simply express ed my opinion. I did not oven clnlmthnt mlolakeu u[ judgment had Ijcen made, nnd it Is a moral certainty that 1 nevoi breathed a word that couli' bo construed l:ito a clnim that I -was bolng subjected to unfair tro.itmont. No, air, I am going back thoro again In Ihc Summer ,nnd I am' sure 1 will receive the best of treatment.' — W. W. NAUG 1ITON. 