A GHOST IN A HOSPITAL. Groat difficulty has rocontly boon ox- porioncod in gutting nursos to tako night duty in tho hospital attaohod to Greenwich Oollcgo, owing to tho nootural visitations of a phantom nurso in tho wards and corridors. About a dozon nursos in succoBsion havo ton- (lorod thoir resignations, after staying from two to six wooks, until tho sonso of tho placo being hauntod complotoly unstrung thoir norvos, rendering thom unfit for tho duty of tonding tho sick. Ouo of tlioso nursos, who is now living at homo, gavo tho following account to " Lloyd's" roprosontativo of hor ox- poriouco : — It was about midnight, and I was sitting in tho contro of tho room, oxpecting ovory momont to tinvo.a cup of toa brought to mo. A uurso, as it soomea to mo, ontoreu uto room a mw stops, and thon went hack again with out speaking. I could not understand what it meant, nnd ran along tho pas- sago after hor. Thoro was nobody to bo soon, and I was so puzzlod that I could hardly summons courngo to ro turn to ray poBt. No toa was brought to mo that night, and in tho mormug ovory ono doniod having como into tho wnrd during tho night. Thon I lonrnod that sovoral nursos had loft tho institution scared by tho samo apparition that I had soon. It was irapoBsiblo for mo to tako duty another night." Tho report speodily got abroad that the collogo was haunted and local spiritualists of whom thoro nro many in tho royal suburbs, turnod their at tention to tho solution of tho mystory. It was thon found that an old dwell ing immodiatoly behind tho college was quite a rendezvous of ghosts— unac countable noises terrified tho occupants nightly, with sundry violent accom paniments, such as ornaments falling from tho sholvos, nnd a bnok-easo boing dislodgod from tho wall. Tho spirituralists arranged to have asennco, and hired a modiuzn from KouBtngton. An actress, who was playing Trilby in a touring company, also canto for an object lesson In hypnotism. Thero woro five ladios and four gontlomon, iuciuding a olorgyman, who solemnised tho procoodings with prayor. Pro Houtly tho medium bccarao ontrancod, and tlio spirit which poisossod hiui directed that nil tho company should doscond to tho bnsomont Tho sequol wis very extraordinary. Everybody promptly foil into a tranco, nnd nn in voluntary froo fight onsuod, tho ladies scratching oach other's faces and tearing out oach otbor's hair. For sovoral of tho compnny that was thoir Inst spiritualistio ontertainmont, and tho olorgyninn doclinoa to Bpoak of tho affray. What relation oxiutH botwoon tliopo obstroporous spirits and tho pbantom nurso is, of courso, not known ; though vory lntoly othor modiunis havo boon requisitioned from Brighton nnd othor places by tho moro persistent and courageous of tho spirb ualists. " Lloyd's " roprosonta- tivo was informed by ono of them— not tho spirits, hut tho spiritualists— that tho modtumH all couourrod that thoro was monoy undor tho floor of tho houso. So far, howovor, tho boards havo not boon takon up to put that statomont to tho tost. 