A CONSTITUTIONAL POINT. The Royal Assent has been given to be Amending Constitution Act, and thus has removed an anomaly-—and what some of our best Constitutional authorities declared to be an uncontitutional position — namely an Electoral Act which was distinctly outside the four corners of the Constitution Act. Briefly the situation may be summarised as follows :— Our Constitution Act declared that the Assembly should consist of thirty- seven members, with which the Electoral Act was in accord. Last session an Amending Constitution Act was passed, increasing the number of members of the Assembly to thirty- eight, and of the Council to nineteen, and the Electoral Act was amended in accordance with this increase. Owing, however, to the very unsatisfactory manner in which the electoral laws have been dealt with during the last few years the Electoral Act actually ceased on December 31, and there was no provision for filling the vacancies in the Assembly caused by the reconstruction of the Cabinet. To enable these elections to take place the Royal Assent to the Electoral Act was obtained by cable, and that law was declared to become operative on January 4 ; but as the Constitution Act did not receive Royal Assent until a month later we had in operation an Electoral Act declaring that the House of Assembly consisted of thirty-eight members, whilst the Constitution Act declared that the said House consisted of thirty-seven members. As the Constitution Act is the foundation stone of our whole system of government, the Electoral Act merely providing the machinery to carry out the Constitution Act, the question arises, When the two Acts conflict which shall predominate ? We venture to say that should the issue ever be raised it will be found that the Electoral Act is entirely subservient to the Constitution Act. What then is the position of those elected under an Electoral Act which would in such case be distinctly ultra vires ? Whatever nice points may surround the issue one thing is certain —Parliament should take care that there shall be no repetition of such an unsatisfactory procedure. Arrival of Lord Lamington.—Lord Lamington, the Governor of Queensland, accompanied by Captain Chauvel, arrived here by the ss. Mararoa from Sydney this morning. On arriving alongside His Excellency was received by Mr J. F. Alexander Rawlinson (the Private Secretary), the Commandant (Colonel Legge), and Colonel Wallack, and a guard of honor composed of the Rifle Regiment, in command of Captain Hickson. His Excellency, after inspecting the guard of honor, was conveyed to Government Honse, where he will stay during his sojourn here. TESTAMENTARY.—The following probate and letters of administration have been issued Probate—Miles Rourke to James Joseph Rourke, £85. Administration— Clara Jane Cole to David Alexander Cole, £244. Customs Returns.—The following are the Customs returns at Hobart and Launceston for the week ending 4th March, 1899:— Hobart— Duties, £4246 16s 4d; wharfage, £114 1s 4d; light dues, £101 10s; pilotage,£45 ; harbor dues, £29 19s 6d; miscellaDeous, £54 15s 4d ; overtime, £5 17s 6d; samples and repacks, 9b 6d; ond rents and charges, £3 15s 8d ; total, £4602 5s 2d. Launceston— Duties, £4409 4s 10d; charges, £235 15s 1d; bond rents, £7 2s; samples and repacks, 4s ; total. £4352 6s 6d. The San Jose Scale.—The Government Entomologist (Mr Lea) is doing excellent work In the shape of pest prevention. This morning he inspected four hundred cases of quinces that arrived from Sydney by the as Mararoa, and found them infected with th at prince of pest—the San Jobe scale. He immediately reported his discovery to the Department of Agriculture, and the Secretary, Mr T. A. Tabart, at once decided to order the infected fruit to be taken back to Sydney. The Department are determined to rigidly inspect all inward shipments of fruit, no matter what colony they from. Wolfgang Destected—Wolfgang, the horse that fell in the Hurdle Race at Elvick on Saturday and fatally injured his rider (John Fitzgerald), and was crippled by the mishap, has been destroyed. Native Weapons.—Mr J. H. Jones, of Risdon, has presented a few Sonth Sea Island native weapons to the Museum, included amongst them being one from the island of Savo, which is beautifully worked with colored matting, and is rather difficult to obtain. Mr R. J. Rogers, of Collins street, has also promised to present some South Sea Island weapons to the Museum that have been in his possession for a time. Captain Pollard, R.N., H.M.S. Wallaroo, is presenting the Museum with a New Guinea native drum. Capture of a Shark.—On Saturday, Mr Tregear, of Messrs McGuffie and Company, photographers, brought to the Museum a fine specimen of a shark that had been captured at Bellerive by Mr S. Mesh, who presented it to the Museum. The shark is abouf 7ft is length, and belongs to a species common in the Sydney harbor known as the white pointer by the Sydney fishermen. They grow to a size of 15ft to 20ft in length, and are very dangerous on the New South Wales coast. Strange to say, although there are the same species to be found here as in the New South Wales waters, there have been no cases on record of persons being attacked by them whilst bathing. Fitzgerald’s Death.—On arriving at a verdict of accidental death this morning, at the inquest on the body of a jockey, John Fitzgerald, who died through a fall received from off Wolfgang in the Hurdle Race on Saturday, one of the jurymen (Mr Croper) said he would like to draw attention to the fact that the hurdle where the accident occurred was too close to the starting point. It was also situated at the top of a curve, and might be judiciously shifted further up towards the grandstand Mr T. Bennison (the Coroner) said that he would hardly deem it wise to include the suggestion in the verdict. If the Press would take a note of the matter no doubt it would receive the consideration of the Tasmanian Racing Club. Widow Preston Fund.—Mr A. J. Jackson has received the following donat ions:— Mr Taylor, per Mercury, 16s; Mrs Ford, 2s 6d ; No. 2 list, per favor of Mr Kenny, 15s. The Art of the Pickpocket—There is a d lettantism even in thieving. A Parisian pickpocket who is now enjoying a well-earned rest from the excitements of his profession has revealed some of his very curious methods. At one time he donned the uniform of an officer of Marines, decorated with the Legion of Honour, and found his way into the society of naval officers, much to their detriment and to his own enrichment. At another time, in the guise of a priest, he visited ecclesiastical establishments, and under the pretext of charity relieved the holy fathers of their little superfluous cash. Then again he would array himself in ordinary civilian drees, representing himself as a silk merhant, and would have bales of that comodity sent to his address. Then the dealer in bicycles became the victim of thie versatile swindler. A last, as his repertoire ecessarily became limited, and as his fame had preceded him to one of his intended victims, he had the misfortune to be recogised and handed over to the police. Tasmanian Racing Club—The following is the prize money paid away in connection with the Elwick races on Saturday. —E. McCoombe £50, W. Southerwood £45, H. B. Harrisson £40, A. E. Lord £25, J. Kearney, £20, M. McLennan £20, C. S. Agnew £10, J. Powell £10, F. G. Murray £5. Commercial Bank.—The half-yearly meeting of the Commercial Bank will be held on Tuesday, 14th inst., at the banking house, at noon. The transfer books will be closed from to-morrow till after the meeting. Easter Encampment.—Separate tenders will be received at the Headquarter's Office, Defence Department, for the supplying of certain articles for the use of the troops in camp at Bellerive on Easter next. Government Railways.— Attention is directed to the train arrangements for the Oatands Ball and Races on Friday and Saturday next. Bismarck’e Dream.—The Soir, a Paris journal, has published a report of a series of interviews between the late Prince Bismarck and a prominent personage who was at one time in the habit of visiting the ex-Chancellor. Prince Bismarck, according to the Soir, is alleged to have declared that his dream was to found colonies which could receive the overflow of the German population. But as this was calculated to alarm Britiah interests, Prince Bismarck determined to force France into colonial enterprises, in the hope that one day a conflict with Great Britain would arise, and that, not being strong enough to resist the latter, France would throw herself into the arms of Germany and Russia. This new triple alliance could force Great Britain to draw back, and would thus allow Germany to found a colonial empire in complete security. The Soir alleges that the whole secret of the present attitude of Germany is explained by this inter Caught by an Ice-floe.—The crew and passengers of a ferryboat plying between Buffalo (New York) and Port Erie (Ontario) had an exciting experience recently. The boat, having nineteen passengers on board and a crew of four, during her last trip was caught by mense ice floe, which rendered the engines powerless. The current being swift and carrying the boat with it, the passengers stood with blanched faces, expecting the boat to be wrecked against the piers of the international bridge or carried on and swept over the Niagara Falls. The stream carried the boat beneath the centre span, the iron girders sweeping the second deck clean, and carrying away the smoke stack, pilot house, hurricane deck, and lifeboats, but without impeding the vessel's progress. Swinging clear of the bridge, the steamer left the floe, and drifted to a patch of dear water. Then the engines, which were fortunately uninjured, were again set in motion, and the ferryboat returned to the Americas shore. British Ignorance.—The Rev. A. R. Edgar gave a lecture in the Lygon street church, Melbourne, descriptive of some of the impressions gained during his absence from Australia. Speaking of the ignorance that still prevails even among so-called educated people in England, the Rev. Mr Edgar related several rather amusing anecdotes Curious to relate, in respect to one that had the strongest De Rougemout flavor, the narrator declared that he was prepared to vouch for its truthfulness. It related to the visit of the Australian Premiers. When these gentlemen London attending the Jubilee celebrations the official who arranged their movements — so ran the story—received a p essing invitation from a well-known society lady who was very anxious that they should spend a week at her castle, which, by the way, was situated in Ireland. The invitation stated th at the hostess would be exceedingly glad to introduce the Premiers to the gentry of the neighborhood. She hoped, however, that they would not object to give one evening in accordance with their own customs, and particularly she would be bitterly disappointed if they did not bring their native costumes. Some of the audience seemed unable to swallow the story at a gulp, notwithstanding Mr Edgar’s sponsorship; but the suggested spectacle of Sir George Turner or Mr G. H Reid in warpaint and feathers provoked a laugh. Trouble in the Congo—According to information received by the Patriote, the situation in the Congo is very serious, The revolt is spreading throughout the whole territory between the month of the Ubanghi and Lake Tanganyika. The Patritote states that there has been fresh fighting between Congo Free State troops and insurgents, in the course of which white officers end numerous soldiers were killed. The numbers of the Mongola rebels have been augmented from among the neighboring tribes, and they have large supplies of rifles and cartridges. The journal adds that the truth has not all been told, and that the losses of the State troops considerable than has been stated. The whole country from the junction of the Ubangbi with the Congo to Tanganyika, is in a ferment. The rebels of Luluaberg have not been all crushed, and they continue the campaign. The State troops seem to fear the rebels, for the prestige of the whites is much impaired. The Congo State is in a difficult position, being threatened rom within and without. British Sailors’ Hardships. — Mr Walter Ness, second officer of the West Hartlepool steamship Greylands, reached Shields on Jauuary 16, and told the story of his imprisonment at Buenos Ayres with the chief mate, Mr Daley, and five others of the crew. His narrative discloses shocking treatment of Britishers in Argenine territory. While the vessel was lying in the harbor two of the firemen got drunk ashore, and on coming aboard created a distarbanoe and struck some of the crew. One of the men was placed in irons; the other made his escape and made a report upon which the police authorities subseuently arrested seven of the crew lodged them in prison. Every effort made to secure the release of the innocent men, but all to no purpose. The men were confined in a cell with other 25 prisoners. They slept on a bare stone floor, and had no change of clothing for a month. The food was of a most unpalatable kind, consisting chiefly of sour bread, maccaroni soup, and boiled beef unfit to eat. They were four and a-half months in prison, and were at last turned out during an inclement night just as they stood. News from the Islands.—After a lengthy cruise ia the Bismarck Archipelago the Sydney brigantine Enterprise returned to Sydney on Thursday. The enterprise was under charter to a German company, and in the course of her cruise visited New Britain, New Hanover, Adiralty, Hermit, and Anchorites groups, picking up during her six months’ charter a good deal of cargo, in the shape of copra, pearlshell, etc. No trouble was experieced with the natives, and at the islands visited, Captain Feast found everything quiet. On one occasion the schooner proceeded to the Hermit Group, and rescued the crew of the schooner Welcome, which was lost there some months ago. The German New Guinea Company’s steamer was also lost at the Islands, about the same time, and the Sydney steamer Captain Cook, which was chartered to take her place was met by the Enterprise at New Britain. On the return trip the Enterprise called at the German Solomon Group, It was at these Islands that the cutter Sea Ghost was captured by the natives, and the crew massacred. Ophthalmic.—Mr A. Butterfield will test the eyesight and give advice thereon free of charge. He has a splendid collecion of spectacles always on band. 