oacerCt Mat BaU at Oraatvllle. On Wednesday the 25th ult., a concert and ball was held at the Grantville Hall, and, the weather being favourable a large number attended, and the affair proved a great success. A great factor towards that end was the presence of the Dande nong Brnass Baud, which, under the able conductorship of Mr. Code, contributed in a highly satisfactory manner a number *of,selections. Mr. Code also manipulated a gramlalphoe, the selections from which were attentively listened to,. Mr. Paul fulfilled the duties of chairman, and the following programme was gone through. The overture was entrusted to the Dan denoog Brass Batnd. and the performance of " In the Twilight" and "Sweet Roses" were capitally rendered ; song, "Hume, Dearie, Homre," Miss Anderson, for the excellent rendition of which she was heartily applauded ; later on the same lady's sing of "Annie Laurie" elicited a recall, when she favoured the audience with "Caller Herrin';" song, Miss Dempster, ' Sunshine and Rain," and as an encore, "The Dear Home Land ; " Mrs. Healey was loudly applauded for her effort, "The Carnival," which lost nothing by being entrusted to that lady ; and in "Sweethearts and Wives" Mr. D. Park was at his beat; " Rory O'More," that old Irish favorite. was done full jus tice to by Miss McCann, and the audi ence would not be satisfied until the de mand for an encore had been complied with and "Going to Market" sung; Min Allen gave a very pleasant rendering of " Barney O'Hay ;" one of the visiting bandsmen, Mr. J. Brandrick, sang an Irish comic song, which called for loud applause, an encore being demanded; and the vocal portion of the entertain ment was concluded by Mr. H. Stephen son's singing the comic songs " I Couldn't Help But Laugh," and as an encore, "My Girl's a High-born Lady." An amusing farce, entitled "Grand mother's Ghost,' in the hands of Messrs. Parks, Stephenson, Turner, and Ken nedy, sent the non-dancers home pleased with their evening's entertainment, after which the hall was cleared for dancing. To excellent music trippers of the light fantastic enjoyed themselves until day break, and the concert and ball held on Show Night, 1898 will be remembered as a thoroughly enjoyable affair. 