LOST FOR LOVE. CHAPTER LYIII. — (Continued.) ' Under God, my dear Yal,' he wrote, ' I owe the restoration of my good name to you.' I know all you have done for me and mine — my poor mother has told me ; but I cannot thank you. I am sure you don't want me thank you ; but it is all written deep in heart, and will be buried with me. ? I am coming back to Speckport — ah ! dear old SpeckpOrfc ! I never thought it could be so dear ! I shall be with you in November, and perhaps I may say to you then what I cannot write now. I am coming back a man, Yal ; I went away a hot headed, passionate, un reasoning boy. I have learned to be wise, I hope, and if the school has been a hard one, I shall only remember its lessons the longer. I am coming back rich ; blessings as well as misfortunes do not come alone. I have been ]eft a fortuno — you will see an account of it in the paper I send you. Our colonel, a gal lant fellow, and a rich Georgian planter, has remembered mo in his will. I saved his life shortly after I came here, almost at the risk of my own, I believe. They promoted me for it for the first time, and I thought I 'had got my reward; but I was mistaken. ? He died last week of a bayonet-thrust,' and when the will was read, I found I was left thirty thousand dollars. He was a childless widower, with no near relatives ; so no one is wrongod. You see I shall not have to fall back upon Dr. Leach's hand on my return, and my mother need depend no more on Mrs. Wyndhara's generosity. I am very grateful to that lady all the same.' ' I.believe I'll show this letter to Father Lennard,' said Yal to himself; 'he asked I me on Sunday if I had heard from Charley lately, and told me to let him know when I did. Charley was always a favourite of his, , since the day when he was a little shaver and an acolyte on the altar.' Mr. Blake was not the man to let grass grow under his feet when he took a notion in his head ; so he started off at once for the | cathedral. The October twilight was cold and gray. A dreary evening, in which men went by with- pinched noses and were buttoned up with greatcoats, and women had veils over their faces, and shivered in the street — a melancholy evening, speaking of desolation, and decay, and death, and the end of all things earthly. ' , Mr. Blake, to whom it was only a rawish evening, strode along, and reached the cathedral in tho bleak dusk. The principal entrances were all closed, 'but he went in through a side door, and looked into the side chapel for a priest. Not finding him, he entered the cathedral through one of the transepts, but neither was Father Lennard there. Tlie gray twilight shone but dimly through the painted window, and the long \- lofty aisles were, very dim and shadowy. There was but one light in the groat church— a tiny lamp burning on the grand altar — a lamp that never went out by night or day. Two or three shadowy female figures knelt around tho altar-rails in silent prayer, and Val thought one of them looked like Miss Rose. He knew sho was in the liabio of coming in ? the twilight liore; but something else had caught his attention, and he turned away and went on tiptoe down the echoing nave, staring up at tho choir. Some one was sing ing softly there — singing so softly that it seemed but tho sighing of the autumn-wind, and seemed to belong to it. But Val had a ?quick ear, and the low melancholy cadences struck him with a nameless thrill. What was there that sounded so strangely familiar in that.Ynififi? It was a woman's voice — a sweet. full soprano, that could rise to power nt its owner's will. But what did it remind him of P A thought flashed through him — a sudden and startling thought — that brought the blood in a red gush to his faco, and then left him cold and white. He softly ascended tho.stairfi, ihe low, mournful voice, breaking iiitor a sweetly-plaintive vesper hymn as ho went. j Val Blake tremblod from head to foot; and ti cold sweat broko out on his face. Ho paused a moment boforo ho entered into the choir, his heart beating faster than it ever had beat be fore. A woman sat beforo the organ, not ?playing, but with her fingers waudering noise lossly over the keys, hor face upraised in tho ghostly light. She looked like the picture of St. Cecilia, with a cloud of tressed lmzy golden hair falling about that pale, earnest, upraised face. Her miintlo had fallen back — a white caslimcro mantle, edged with ermine and lined with blue satin — and she sang, unconscious, as.it seemed, of all tho world. Val Blako stood like a man paralyzed — struck dumb and motionless— and the sweet voice sang on : 'Ave Maria ! Oh, hear when w-e call, Mother of Heaven, who is Saviour of all; Feeble and fearing, we trust in thy might ; In doubting and darkness thy love be our light. Let us Bleep on thy breast while the night taper burns, And wake in thine arms when the morning re turns! Ave Maria ! Ave Maria ! Ave Maria ! audi nos !' Tho singing ceased, the fingers were mo tionless, and tho pale face drooped and sank down on the pale hands. And still Yal Blake stood mute, motionless, utterly confounded. For there before him, with only the moonlight shadow of her former loveliness left, sat and sahg, 'not the dead, but the living Nathalie Marsh ! CHAPTER LIX. How long Mr. Yal Blake stood there, staring at that sight of wonder, neither he or I ever knew, but while it drooped in a strange heartbroken way over the instrument, and he stood looking at it, powerless to speak or move, a hand was laid on his shoulder, and looking round he saw the pale face of Paul Wyndham. | Pale always, but deadly white', Mr. Blake saw, in the spectral October gloaming. ' Blake,' ho said, in a hoarse whisper, that did not sound like Paul Wyndham's peculiarly clear and melodious voice, ' if ever you were my friend, be silent now ! Help me to get her away from here unseen.' Some dim forcshawowing of the truth dawned on the slow mind of Val Blake. The ghost of Nathalie Marsh, the invisible and mysterious woman shut up in Rosebud Cottage — could they, after all, be connected, and was the mad mother only a blind ? The question passed throngh Val's mind in a vague sort of way, while he watched Paul Wyndham bond over the drooping figure, as tenderly as a mother over tho cradle of her first-born. His voice, too, had changed when he spoke to her and was infinitely gentle and loving. ' My darling,' he said, ' you must not stay here. I have come to fetch you home.' Sho lifted up her head at once, and held out her arms to him, like a little child that wants to be taken. All the pale, misty hair floated softly back from her wan face. Oh ! how altered from the bright face Yal Blake once knew, and the blue eyes she lifted to his face had a strange, meaningless light, that chilled the blood in the veins of the looker-on. ' Yes, take me away,' she said, wearily ; but in Nathalie Marsh's own voice, ' I knew you would come. Where's Midge ? I am cold here.' ' Midge is at home, my darling. Here is your mantle — stand -up while I put ifc on;' She arose ; and Yal saw she was dressed in white — a sort of white cashmere morning gown, lined with quilted blue silk. Mr. Wynd ham arranged the long white mantel around the wasted figure, drawing the hood over the head and face. Ghostly enough she looked, standing. there in the gloom ; and Val know that she must have been dressed in the same wanner on the night she so startled him and Laura. But Mr. Wyndham, who wore a long black cloak himself these chilly evenings, took it off and arranged it over her white robes, effectually concealing them, as he drew her forward. ' Go downstairs, Blake,' ho said, ' a cab is waiting outside the gates. Come with us, and I will tell you everything.' Mr. Blake mechanically obeyed. Ho was not quite sure it vvas hot all the nightmare, ahd not at all certain he was hot asleep in his own room and dreaming this singular little episode, and would awaka presently to smile at it all. He went downstairs in silent bewilderment, never speaking a word, and hardly able to think. Nathalie Marsh was dead — or at least some one was dead, and hnried out there in the cemetery, that he had taken to be Nathalie Marsh — how then did she come to be walking downstairs behind him, supported by that ex traordinary man, Paul Wyndham ? The cathedral was quite deserted when they got down, and the sexton was just locking it up for the night. He stared a little at the three forms going by him ; but he was an old man, with sight not so good as it might be, and he did not recognize them. They mot no one within the enclosed grounds. At the side gate a cab stood waiting ; Mr. Blake opened the door, and Mr. Wyndham helped in his ?silent companion, who yielded herself, 'pnsKive to all changes.' ' Come with us, Blake,' Mr. Wyndham said, as he entered and seated himself by the lady. 'Rosebush Cottage, driver. Make haste !' Not a word was spoken during the drive. The slight figure of the woman lay back in a corner, her head drooping against the side of tho carriage. Paul Wyndham sat by her, looking at her often, but not addressing her ; and Mr. Blake, in a hopeless morass of doubt and mystification, sat staring at the living ghost, and wondering when he was going to awake from bis dream. The distance was short. In ten minutes they stopped in front of the: pretty cottage from whose curtained winddo ws a bright light shone. The roses in the garden were dead long ago, and only gaunt stalks and bare vines twined themselves, liko ugly brown snakes, where tho climbing roses grow. A queer figure stood at the gate — an ugly, dwarfted, unwieldy 'figure, with a big head set on no neck afc all, and a broad, florid face, and little pin-hole eyes. But tho eyes were big enough to express a . great deal of anxiety ; and she flung the gate open and rushed out as the carriage door opened and Mr. Wyndham got out. ' Have you found hor ?' she cried. ' Oh, dear ! oh, dear ! Where was sho, now !' Mr. Wyndham did not notice her. ' Get out, Blake,' ho said ; and Midge recoiled with a cry of consternation at sight of Val's towering form. The next instant he had lifted the lady out in his arms, as if she were a baby, and carried hor within tho gate. ' Take her into tho house,' ho said, sternly. ' 'I shall talk to you about this again.' Midge obeyed meekly. Val wondered as much at that meekness as at anything he had seen yot — and led tho passive girlish creature into tho house. Mr. Wyndham paid and dismissed the cabman, and held the gate open for Val. ' Come in, Blake,' ho said gravely ; ' tho time has come when my secret can be no longer kept, and I would soonor tell it to you than to any other human being in existence.' ' Tell me,' said Val, liudiug voice for the first time, ' is that really Nathalie Marsh ?' ' ' She was Natlialio Marsh — she is Nathalio Wyndham now. Sho is my wife !' ? Mr. Blake fairly gasped for breath. 'Your wife!' ho exclaimed, 'are you going mad, Mr. Wyndham? Olivo is your wife!'. ' No,' said Paul Wyndham, with cold stern ness, 'she is not — sho novor has been. The compact I made with her was a formal matter of business, which gave me tho right to dwell under tho same roof with her, but never made me hor husband. Sho and I understand each other perfectly. Nathalie is my wife — my dear and cherished wife, and was so before I ever came to Speckport.' ' Then, Mr. Wyndham,' said Yal, with gravity, ' you are a scoundrel !' ' Perhaps so. Come in.' Val Blake took off his hat and crossed the threshold of Rosebush Cottage for tho first time since ifc wfis inhabited. ' And your mother was only a myth ?' he asked, as Mr. Wyndham closed and locked carefully the front door. ' Only a myth. My mother is in West chester County, yet.' Val asked no more questions, but looked around him. Tho hall was long, with beauti ful proof-engravings, and lit by pendant chan deliers. There was a door to either hand ? Midge came out of one to the loft, still wear ing that atfxious face. ' Now, then,' said Mr Wyndham, sternly, 'how did this happon?' ' It wasn't my fault,' snapped Midge, her usual manner returning. ' I did my best, and she'd behaved herself for so long, I'd no idea she was going to scud off again. The door wasn't open ten minutes, and I . was out in tho kitchen baking the pies, and when I come back she was gone. I put out after hor and met you, and I couldn't help ifc now ; so talk's of no use. Where did you find her ?' ' In the cathedral. Sho was speaking of ifc this morning, and asking me to take her there, so I knew she would make for that.' ' What madoyou fetch him here ?' inquired Midge, pointing one stubby index-finger at Mr. Blake. 'He. saw her and recognized her before I did.- Get out of tha way, Midge, we are going ia.' Midge went away, -snorting to herself, arid Mr. Wyndham opened the door, and preceded Mr. Blake into the drawing-room of the cot tage. Such a pretty drawing-room, lit by the rosy blaze of a clear coal fire in a grate of shining steel, and pendant chandeliers of glit tering glass and frosted silver. A small, high ceilinged room, the walls hung with white and yum paper uungings, ana aaornea with perfect gems of art. The windows are draped in blue satin and white lace, and there wasaBrussel's carpet on the floor, whera violets, and blne fiells, and morning-glories ran wild on a white ground, and looked like pale spring flowers blooming in a snow bank. The chairs were of white enamelled wood — -the legs and back touched up with gold, and cushioned in blue satin. Thero were inlaid tables, laden with superbly bound' books' of beauty, annuals, albums, and portfolios of engravings ; a rose wood piano stood in one corner, with the music scattered about. There was an open door to tho left, leading into a bedroom fur nished in much the same style; but Val scarcely looked at it— all his attention was taken by the white, girlish form lying back in a great carved and gilded chair in front of the fire. What a wreck she was! The trans parent skin, the hollow cheeks, the sunken eyes, the wasted little hands, the shadowy figure— what a wreck of the blonde loveliness of other days. Her head lay back among the bine satin, pillows,' her hands dropped listlessly J i over tne arms or tne chair, and her eyes were [ fixed on tha leaping jets of flame, in a mean ingless stare. She never turned to look at them when they came in : she did not even turn when Val Blake crossed over and bent above her. ' Nathalie,' he said, a little tremor in his voice ; ' Nathalie, don't you know'me ?' She lifted her blue eyes vacantly to his face, murmured an articulate something, moved her head restlessly, and then went back to staring afc the fire. Val rose np, white even to his lips. Wyndham, what is it ?' he asked, afraid,' while he spoke, to hear - the answer. ' Why does she look like that?' Paul Wyndham was leaning against the mantel, his head drooping. Now he lifted it, and Val saw ihe dark despair that filled his eyes. ' Its meaning,' he said, ' has nearly broken my heart. If I have done wrong, I have been terribly punished, and even you, Blake, might be merciful now. My poor darling's mind is gone !' There was a pause, a panse of mute con sternation on Val's parfc. . Mr. Wyndham bent over Nathalie, with that look of unspeakable tenderness that made his face something new to Val — a face entirely new. ' My darling, you are tired, I know,' he said, ' and want to go to bed. Don't yon, Natty?' The old name ! It brought a pang to Val's heart to hear it. Paul Wyndham spoke to her as he would have spoken, to a child of three years; and Val thought he wonld sooner er she were indeed lying under the sods in the cemetery than see her as he saw her now — dead in life. , . xes, l aul, she said, rising wearily, but at onco. '. ' Or, perhaps, Mr. Wyndham said, looking at her thoughtfully, ' you would like to sing before you go. You know you told me the other day, you know, yon always slept better if you sang before going to bed.' ' Oh, yes !' Nathalie said, her face lighting suddenly with animation. ' What shall I sing, Paul ?' ' Anything you like, my dearest.' He lead hor to the piano, and opened ifc, while sho took her seat on the stool, and ran her fingers lightly over the keys at random. Val Blake closed his eyes to listen. How long — how long ago ifc seemed since ho had heard Nathalie Marsh's melodious voice ring ing through the cathedral aisles ! The thin fingers wandered off into a plaintive little pre lude, that had something wild and melancholy in its wailing minor key. The song was aB sadly sweet as the air, and the Voice that sung was full of pathos. Tho song died out as mournfully as the lasfc cadence of a funeral hymn, and the pale singer arose. ' I am very tired, Paul,' Nathalio said, in a spiritless'sorfc of way, ' and I think my head is aching. Tell Midge to come.' Ho rang the bell and put his arm ronnd her to lead her away. ' Say good' night to Mr. Blake, Nathalie. You remember Val Blake, don't you, my darling ?' ' Yes,' sho said, but tho smile sha turned upon him was meaningless, as cold as moon light in snow. ' Good-niglit.' Something was choking Val's voice, and his answering good-niglifc was very husky. Paul Wyndham led her, into the inner room, and Midge bustled in aftor tha ojd fashioii, and N athalie was left in her charge to be undressed for tho night. Mr. Wyndham left the' room and returned presently, bearing wine and cigars. ' If I am what you called me a while ago, Blake,' Mr. Wyndham said, with a smile that had very much of sadness in it, ' thero are extenuating circumstances that may lighten my guilt.' ' Wrong is wrong,' said Mr. Blake, gravely, ' and no extenuating circumstances can make it right. You are a bigamist, by your own confession, and you know how tho civil law punishes that.' Yes, Blake, I know it,' said Wyndham, ' and, knowing it, I would have risked all to win her, my poor, lost darling within that room! Heaven knows, I have hardly had a day's peace since. Tho broad road may be strewn with roses as the preachers say it is, but the thorns in the flowers sting very shaiplv some times, too.' Mr. Blako made no reply to this aphorism. He was lighting his cigar, with a listening face, waiting for the story his companion had to tell. Midgo came out of the bedroom while he waited, threw more coal on the fire and left the room.' But still Paul Wyndham did not; bogin.^ He was smoking, and looking thoughtfully into tho red fire and falling cinders, and the ticking of an ormolu clock on on tho chimney-piece, and the drearv sighing of the night-wind without, alone broke the silence. The clouk struck eight, and Val lost patience. 'Well, Wyndham, why wait? Goon. Iam waiting to hoar this most extraordinary affair explained.' V You all here ' in Speckport thought Nathalie Marsh committed suicide — did you not ?' said Mr. Wyndham looking up. ' It is such a charitable place, this town of yours, d,nu your good people are so wonderfully ready to place the worst construction on everything, that you never thought she might haye fallen in by accident — did you?' ' It looked very suspicious,' said Val. ' Heavens knows how some of us pitied her, poor girl, but still- ? ' 0 ' ' But still you gave her credit for suicide. Let me restore, her character. She never for a moment thought of self-destruction. I have her own solemn word for it. She was heart broken — despairing — my own injured darling! — but all the teachings of her life told her that suicide was the only crime for which God has no mercy. She never thought of suicide on the night she wandered down to the old wharf. Most miserable sho was. Perhaps the wretched night was in harmony with her great, trouble ; but she did not go there to look for death. She missed her foot ing on thr slimy, rotten plank, and fell in, and from that moment her story — as far as you know.it — ends.' (Tn hp, mntiv.vpA) 