A-MAN FROM THE DARK. BY MRS. G. N. WILLIAMSON. CHAPTER XV. LANOE. .1 remember somo strango visions mat camo to Sao, as I appeared to float la space. Sometimes I was tho clapper of a boll, dashed against Its brazen sides over and over again, as a clock tolled many times. Sometimes I was seaweed, floating in n long trail through troubled water, whirled with the surf at last upon a rocky shore. I was always whelmed in violent commotion, or an essential part of It, with the roaring of a storm in my ears; until at last a lull came. I rested, and did not think. I was in tho midst of a void. Then, out of Hghtuing-velncd darkness camo a twilight dawn. Thcro was soft music somewhere — tho music of a voice. I wished, nbovo all, to remember a name I had hoard, cons of years ago. If I could recall it, and speak It aloud, It would ho a magic spell to save mo from chaos, and bring joy un utterable. For a long tlmo I strove In vain; but at length I breathed out tho syllables 'Lan — oe." A gentle rain, like dew upon thirsty flowers, cooled my forehead, and I was conscious that I lay iu a place of rest, hwcet as a hank of flowers. "IPs death— and Heaven, isn't it?" I faintly said. And then I opened my eyes. A fair glrl-faco looked down on me. "No, It's life," she whis pered. "You've corno hack to tho world again." Weeks had passed, she explained (when those she had placed In authority over mo allowed rational speech between us) slnco that night when X so nearly yielded up tho ghost in the dark liouso among tho trees. Still other weeks went by, before I was allowed to hear all, and he sure that it was not by miracle precisely that she had como to save mo. Then, from her lips, I listened to tho story. ; As she reminded me, never from the first had Sho promised to obey, when I had ordered her to remain quietly as an imnato of tho Wynyards' household, while I wont to London on her busi ness. Scarcely was my back turned when she told all tho truth to Tom Wynyard, pleading with Impassioned earnestness for his help in carrying out that "plan" of which sho had hinted In her Jetter to mo. If ho refused, sho would not stay, even If ho attempted to coerco her, sho had threatened. No harm would como to her in London. Tho great city was wide, and only two or three people among Its millions know her face. Sho must go, for she was sick with a presentl- . mont that evil would befall me. Ignorant as she confessed herself of tho neighborhood In Which that grim house of mystory stood, ono or two landmarks she had begun faintly to remember since all her mind and all her soul had been set upon gathering up tho threads of recollection. Thcro had been a tower; sho had noted that, in the hansom, so furlouBly driven, before the man who called himself a doctor had helped her out. Once, too, In bending from tho cab, hesitating whether or no to lump, sho had flashed by tho Word "Cannonbury" on n lamp-post. These details sho had not recalled at first; hut mow sho avowed that they had been sent her by Heaven, to make use of in saving me. I had wired her tile name of tho hotel at .which, after returning to town, I had decided to stop, as I had also wired tho dctectlvo in Oban, who was to send mo word of his woll-belng and good faith. So, having at last persuaded Tom that ho would bo no better than my murderer, unless lie consented to talco her hack to L/ondon, lio yielded, as men of stronger natures than his might have yielded to her pleading voice and eyes. Wynyard and his sister had put their house In charge of servants, starting with Lanoo tlio morning after I had left for town, though sho would fain have urged them to go even earlior. They arrived in tho evening, and went straight to my hotel, whore X could not ba found. Lanoe bad asked If thero were letters for mo, won dering If hers had been received; ond, as tho manager glanced over a little pile of envelopes, under the girl's eyes, one had como uppermost, addressed to mo, and post- marked "Oban." Lanoo knew from whom this communication must havo como, and so demurely offered to carry me my letters, saying sho would seo me during tho even- lng. She had feared that this request would scarcely bo granted; hut either tho manager had been absentmlnded, or tho lovely glfl's assertion that she was my "sister" banished all scruples, for the envelope was given her. Outside, In the street, she had dared to teov it open, feeling that thero might ho news from tlio detective, which would aid her search. Then, sho received lier reward for the pains sho had been at in Edinburgh, to win tho fellow's heart. He confessed, in tho letter, that he had betrayed mo, attributed the confession to his re gard for the lady, and the words she had spoken to him; added that ho had wished to tell tho truth at the station when wo parted, hut had feared my vengeance, and had not been able to summon courage. "Beware that man! whether his name Is Nathan Builder or something else which wo have never heard," he had ended. "Ho knows that you havo betrayed him, and you can only save yourself by keeping out of his path." At this discovery Lauoe had insisted on going to Scotland Yard, and telling, from beginning to end, her strange story and mine, from the point whero they had blended. Sho had been heard with evident incredulity at first, so beyond tho hounds of belief seemed the tale. But with tears sho had implored that no time might bo lost, and, for tho sako of her sweet eyes, It may he, even Scotland Yard moved quickly. She had given such information as sho could, which might lead towards finding tho house where sho had been taken by the "doctor," and assuring those concerned that she would recall the ways through which She had passed, if she could- only seo them agaiu, she was allowed to he a member of tho search party. Guided by tho word "Cannonbury," they had assumed a starting-point; and after many falso scents, and maddening delays, they had come Into a lonely road that Lanoe had at once, with\a cry of triumph, pronounced to be tho one In which the "doctor's" house stood. Sho. had Identified tho gate, with its half-obliterated name; and tho rest I knew, save that the arch plotter and his ser vants had escaped, all three. Since that night ono of the men had been found, In a low part of Lon don, and had betrayed his master. He had had little knowledge given him, but some ho had managed secretly to obtain, and satisfy his bound less curiosity as to him no sorved. What he had had to tell had given a shook to the hardened nerves of the police, for a namo so highly honored at home and abroad had been mentioned, that tho testimony was at first flouted as a malicious fabrication. But then tho Baron von Rodenfolder had disappeared from Berlin, Paris, and London, his .favorite haunts, where inquiries were cau tiously, almost timidly made; and circumstantial evidence lifted its head to say, "I told you so, and you would not believe." Now, the hunt had gone to America; hut Baron von Rodenfolder was known throughout the world for his astuteness, and Scotland Yard had not Its usual confldenco in itself. As for the Spinning Jinny, there had been a flro there, the morning after certain strange events were recorded <n tho newspapers, the little Inn and ono adjacent build ing being burnt to the ground, with doubts whe ther tho landlord and his old mother had fled, or lay burled under the debris, still not entirely ex cavated from a remarkably deep cellar. "Somo clay," said Lanoo at last,- with a dainty air of .wisdom, "somo day if they don't find him now, he will begin weaving now webs, like tho old 'white spider' that you called him; and ho will commit a crime which will cry out like a voico to tell those who are watching, where ho is. You and I will see It in the papers, perhaps. Oh, I pray God wo may not know It in any closer way!" Thore was other news she had for me, news that had saddened her. The story which Had set tho match to that fire in the High-street of Edinburgh, had brought terror to tho heart of Mr. Smith's last client." Tho mild-faced uncle, In whose integrity Lanoo had tried to believe, had given the lio to that belief by being found dead in his bed, on the morning when the Spinning Jinny blazed. Ho had been accustomed to take chloral at times. Ills valet testified, and this hnd simply been an ovordose. Since the man was dead "Mrs. Nor ton" (whom it seemed he had lately engaged himself to marry), was nowhero to ho found, and Lanoe Seoford, anxious to preserve tlio honor of .lier father's name, it was not .likely that tho dead man's ashes would be disturbed by public Inquiry. What was past, was past, as Lanoe softly Bald; and, having told me all that con cerned it, she would gladly turn to tho future. "Do you remember my telling you that ono day, perhaps, tho clouds would be cleared for you," she almost' timidly reminded me. "Well, they have cleared, and — you may ho happy In tho way you wish most of all." "What way Is that?" I asked her, lying on a big. cushioned sofa In ono of the rooms which Tom Wynyard and his sister had taken at her request, till I should bo restored to health. "What way Is that, little sister? Don't you moan to toll me?" "Can't. you guess?" I pondered, and shook my head. "No." "Why, you will soon be well and strong now, tho doctor says. What Is tho -thing of all others Jn \tho world that you would rather havo como to you If you could choose?" I knew well what that thing would be; but tho lips of the poverty-stricken adventurer wore seal ed. And again I "could not guess." "Then I must tell you, for I have not forgotten —anything you once said to mo. Your life was broken hoeauso you sacrificed yourself for a woman. You took her father's guilt upon your own shoulders before the world, and— sho threw you over. Oh, I know it all now! But supposo that tho truth came out; supposo her father made a public confession that he had cheated at cards, not once, hut many times, exonerating you, rais ing vnu upon a pedestal of noblest self-sacrifice, wouid she not como to you and beg you to take her hack?" I laughed aloud, because of the Impossibility that such a dream should he realised, and bo- cause I was free of heart towards Marjorio Tes- sot, long ago, "It would be rather difficult to induce confos- slon." I smiled. "But not impossible?" "I am quite prepared to believe that Lord rlTosseiSdcn Is the sort o£ man to accept a bribe of a few hundred thousand pounds— say, half a million — to do anything." Tho girl started up impulsively. "That is just what ho has done, though you only know It to day, bocauso wo havo been forbidden until now to talk upon exciting topics. But all tlio world has known for weeks — tho papers have been filled with tho sensation. I've heard that at tho clubs they still speak of tills, and nothing else. You aro a popular hero. Even your brother hns been to tills house, and is only wnltlug for you to bo able to see him, before nBklng your pardon for Ills disloyalty. As for poor llttlo Mr. Wyn yard — but You must, havo seen how ho alraost weeps over you, every time lie comes Into the rom. Ho would liavo so liked to tell you — but I was selfish. X wanted you to know from my lips that Lady Marjorio Tessett would bo yours for tho asking." "I don't understand," I stammered In utter be wilderment. "You speak of a confession, a bribe " "Oh, you see, overvono knows who I am now. If you please, I havo had my own little sensation, quite to myself! I can sign cheques for almost any sum I like, for I have far more money than I shall ever know what to do with — and no ono to forbid my doing as I choose, unless they make mo a ward In Chancery — and oh! I do hope thoy won't do thai. I wont myself to call on I ,ord Tesseiidon with Mr. Wynyard (who was too funny about It for words), boldly told him I know every thing, and would givo him five hundred thousand pounds to publish the truth. He thought about It for a while, and then, I suppose, decided that tho world outsido England was wiiio and pleasant — with halt a million. At all events, lie's gone, with tho monoy, whleli was so llttlo to 1110; and Lady Marjorio, I hear, who has not chosen to ac company him (perhaps sho's waiting for some thing) has had wonderful offers for tho stage. If you don't waht her to 'bo an actress, you must hurry " "I don't caro what sho Is!" I cried passion ately. "Lanoo, you havo dono this for me? You " ' "What did you do for me, X should llko to know? I — I was determined that you should ho happy." "And you tlilnk I could he happy with Lady Marjorio Tessett? I found out weeks ago that sho was less than nothing to mo — only a hard, beautiful, calculating woman, without a soill. She would no doubt rofuso me, If I aslced; hut as marriage with her would seem in living death after tlio change that has como to my heart, I " But sho checked tho rush of my words, for I was confessing too much. Ixmoo was a great heiress. I had nothing, and was nobody — only a "man from tho dark." "Then"— and tho blood rushed to her face — "It has been all In vain. Love Is dead for you now. You will never oaro for a woman as you once carod for lier, again." Her sweetness, her beauty, went to my head llko wine. "Great heaven, Lanoe," I said brokenly, "tho love that I have learnt to feci now is besldo that old fancy what the sun's rays aro after tho pale j light, of stars." "Oh!" She turned the glory of lier eyes Upon me. Mine could not keep tho secret that should havo been likl. "Oh! yon — you lovo me, I tlilnk." "God knows I do — though I havo no right to love, or tell you so." "If you had not, I was going into a convent; I was, really — truly. Ever since that first day, I Oh, but I can't talk of It without crying! Derek, I love you— and I shan't ho a ward of Chancery now." (The end.) 