TIE TESTIMONY . OF ESTHER SANDYS. BY ROM1A WHIITE. CILAPTER XIL. And what of Esther? -How-had it come about that Josiuh had had no -word-from the omairin he had lmarried two years ago in the cllurch at. Lancaster?- :This is what had Ihappened after her recognition of her first husbaond, and surely pity can excuse her for her silence. Aftcr the storm she had slumbered uneasily into the morning, and when she awoke, SHumphrey, fully dressed, was standing look ing dowln upon her. She stretched out her hand to him, but did not speak. This was, just then, the effect of physical exhaustion. The intense shock which she had received had left her in a .condition, of nervous lassi tude !in ;which mind and brain shrank mecharnially" from any further taxation of their powers. ,'.Are you better ?" Humphrey asked her, still with some anxiety. SI am -quite well." she answered, calmly. -. ..._.l.wouald have spoken then, if she could, Sbut she was incapable of the effort. SDo you know that everything is packed, and that apost-chaiseis waiting down below, apd that, as soon asyou are dressed and have had somre breakfast. we must be off ?" he asked,.smiling.kindly at her, relieved by her quietness. which anpeared to him that of re covered strength. "- Is it so late ?" she inquired, mechani cally. " You were up late last night, you know. Ah! here is Janet to help you." He left the room as Janet entered it, and Esther greeted the woman with her new dull calm. She dressed in silence and passed into the next room. Humphrey awaited her at the breakfast-table, and urged her to make a substantial meal. She sat down, and poured Out his tea, and listened to his conversa tion. By- and-bye she realised that he was telling her about the wreck. All on board .had been lost but the man she had seen upon the bench the night before; and he was ensconced in the best bedroom, slightly de hirious,and quite prostrate after the exposure. " Will he die? " asked Esther. - " They hope to pull him through,". re joined Humphrey. "No one knows his name. However, Ive left some.money with the landlord for him. ... . He hurried her a little after this, for the post-chaise had been some. time waiting. When she was inside it, rumbling away from the scene of the tempest and of that terrible night, she pressed her forehead asainst the ?added cushions, and tried to think. The identity of Josiah Phizacklea had not -been discovered: she endeavoured to be lieve that she might have been mistaken. though at the bottom of her heart she was convinced she had made no error in her cecognition. She turned it all over and over '. a her weary brain. Then the apathy des sended upon her again, and she sank into a Jopeless quietuder,and allowed events to take Jseir course. Esther was only brought home to suffer a sharp attack of illness, which everybody put down to the nervous shock she had received on the night of the storm. The true nature of that shock was still concealed; though, as each dy passed by,- she expected the revel-s. tion to come from Little Tarnside. Josiah must inevitably have returned there, and he was not likely to maintain silence on the subject of the wedding. Mr. Eglin, were he still Vicar, would hear of it, and would, of course, communicate with Humphrey. She began to listen apprelhensively for the souud of the bell which the postman carried on his rounds; and the sight of a letter carrier on horse-back made her shiver all over with nervous terror. But, as the days and weeks passed by without bringing the dreaded news from Little Tarnside, this mental attitude -began to change. She 'commenced to wonder whether Josiah bad over gone back again; or whether, if he had returned, he had not perhaps believed himself to hHve no. claim upon lier. When this thought came, like a ray of hope, she ceased to lie motionless, with closed eyesand tretbling lipe, upon the couch in the oak pannelled room; and -began to move fitfully, and rather restlessly; hither and thither in the Priory. She was waking upn to a realisation of the possibility of escape; and, with fresh consciousness, she better comprehended the entire postion. Her own connection with Little Tarnside was completely severed. Tim kept up no correspondence in those days of rare letter writing; and the sistation of the Priory was, to the inhabitants of Furness, a meaningless locality somewhere in a remote South. If Josiah Phizacklea had, as on consideration she found possible, maintained silence con cerning that ceremony at Lanoastcr.she need never reveal to Humphrey that she had. seen her first husband on the night of the storm at Chase Ileyes. ^ The temptation was strong; and, as each day passed, it increased the impossibility of telling Humphrey what she knew. But the fight was too much for her strength. She fell ill again, and, when her son was born, there was a pitiful struggle between life and death. The physician who attended her heard the faint delirious accents, but tolok little note of them;and Humphrey was seldom allowel in the asick roomen. Then, as she grew strongcer she became quiet ;again. The doctor, per ceiving thlat this slight young thing had more power of self-control than would be credited to Ier by a careless observer, had told her, quietly and firmly, that if she excited or dis tressedl herself, hier chill woulh be a sufferer. The warning ?ac sultheient for Esther. She put away lher trouble, with a resolution awl calm that astoaished even herself at times. She determinid to think out the msi ter, and td see what must be dcone.,wlen she was fully recovered, but no sooner. It was, however. during her convale~cence that she developed the habit of lying, in her quiet moments, with firmly clenched lhands, betraying un consciously that. she held her mental activi , ties in a similarly inflexible custody. Humnphreyc was very happy at this period of his life. A new tenderness had awaksened in him for Isis wife, and hie rejoiced in the possession ot Ils son, wiso, he trusted, would become more like a human being as time advanced. Lady Sandys was jubilant; but Esther, with quick instinct, realisedl that any affeetion iher grauldmother might have once felt for herself hlad bIeen transferred to her baby. In truth, iher tiny liadyship hIad never loved Esther for lher own p .--;nality, blut for her surname. The baby noa usurped all the corners of its great-grandmuthier's Iheart: for it containedl isl its icinute piersor. a ilsl" condensed essence of the hIl, oif all thel Sndyse. She always asserted tilat it pia seesed the family eyes, tlhough tlhe hIz:! orbs of the Jnpps stared and bliinkel sot!eanlys at! Sthe firelight from h ll he tlr' bed. lIadySandyswentback to EIurst HIall ,,cu n after Esther had take heir ordilinary ~,acr iir the Priory. Her last words ti the youieg mother contained an inhunction alwayes to let the baby wear flannel next to its skin. As she drove away in the family chaise, how ever, she shook her head with a dainty airy motion, as if she would not answer for any consequences that might ensue as a result of her departure. And when she reached her own home she sat down and penned a long letter to her grand-daughter, containing in stuetions which she had omitted to specify during her visit. Esther laughed with some renewal of her old ulerriment over the document. She read it sitting under the elm trees, shaded frmru the hot July sunshine, with her baby on her lap. Then she put ii away, and sat looking down into the tiny pink face against her bosom. She was not aware that she made a picture, but a pair of eyes fixed upon her as their owner advanced, found her pleasing to their regard, and veiled their usual bold glances with an expression of admiration and senti ment. Then FitzRloy Sandys came up to the elm-trees, and bowed low before her. "'Mr. FitzRoy Sandys! When did you come? " she exclaimed withia certain quaint ness that he found pleasing now he could trace in her tones no accent of the peasant. " Five minutes ago, precisely. I have come to beg Humphrey's hospitality-and your own." He had not seen her since her mar riage, and his eyes travelled slowly up and down her figure and over her face and hair, as if to appreciate every detail of the change. " We shall be pleased to enter. tain you," Esther answered, with tih little dignified air, she sometimes woe, now. " If you would be good enough to ring the bell at the front-door, Janet will come for the baby and 1 will find Humphrey." " Let me take baby. It is-ah-quite a. new toy, is it not 1" said PitzRoy, with im perturbable gravity. Esther flushed a little, and hugged her baby nervously. She resented this tone he always took with her, which was tinged with the protective familiarity that a young man might use to a child. " Are you afraid that I shall break it ?" he continued, in the same fashion, sitting down beside her on the garden seat. " i assure you I will carry it with the greatest circumspection. Iwill not even prick it with a pin to see if the sawdust will come out." " I do not care for such jokes, Mr. Fitz Roy Sandys," said Esther suddenly, turning to him with gravity, and pressing her baby's face against her shoulder that FitzRoy might not catch so much as a glimpse of it. "Be kind enough to do as 1 asked you." He rose then immediately, bowed his head and went across the lawn to the door. As he went he smiled to himself. "Mily little lady has improved since her marriage," he thought. " Able to hold her own now. I shall' enjoy my visit here, evidently." Janet came out in answer to the bell, and took the little warm white bundle away Into the house. Then Esther rose with atiuch of langour, folded her light shawl about her shoulders, and led FitzRoy round to the side entrance which would admit them opposite the door of the library. He went in to announce himself to Humphrey; and she left him, to give her orders to the servants. When she returned to her seat under the elm treester husband and guest joined her. She listened to their desultory talk, scarcely tak ing in its import, so sa?l were her musings. They were speaking of Jonathan Gibson. " He is getting worse. Miichael told me the other day that he is always taking the keys of the Church, and locking himself in there. Michael has taken him and his daughter to live with him. But the daughter has found work in one of the printing-mills further up the valley." " It is where Tim is," broke in Esther. " Saranna lodges there with an old woman, and only comes home for Sundays." " Ah ?" said Fitzroy carelessly. " Ah ?' Humphrey glanced at him, but heap peared unconscious, and tossed a rosebud at the peacock. ' They say," went on Esther, " that the poor old man is much worse since his daugh ter left him. He has made himself an en tire suit of that queer red velvet he has ?i ways been fond of wearing, and he preaches in it, every night, at the Elm Tree Corner, in the village." o " Oh, [ heard something of that,"'said FitzRoy. " I believe he is foretelling the end of all the Sandys, and says that shortly a great disaster is to burst upon us." Esther shivered, and shrank up to her bus hand. Humphrey looked vexed. " I wish I could find some way to stop rim," he said. "It is a nuisance." The talk ceased' there, and presently the dressing-bell rang. After dinner FitzRtoy dawdled in the garden till the summer night closed in; and then told Humphrey he should take a wal-. It was too hot to go to bed at all in such weather, he added, as lie set off towards the village. It was Saturday night, and the lights were in rather later than usual ; butFitlRoy soon left their radiance behind, and strode up the hill in the direction of Michael Gibsuo, the exton's cottage, which stood a little way out of Gloeford. He was at some distance from it when a sound of pattering footsteps broke through his own heavier tread. An approaching figure was unrecognisable in the darkness. but, as it advanced, FitzRoy gave a little cough. The slight form that loomed before him appeared to hesitate, then stood still, and spoke his name in a low voice. " Is it you, sir 7" " I might say is it you, Saranna ?" Hfis tones were huched, but they sounded amused and pleased. iHe put out his hand, and ldrew thle girl to him with a familiar caressing gesture. "So you knew I was~ in Glosford, Saranna ?" " Ye, sir." "There is no need to st.rrt away from me, or to try to peer tlrough the darknes in that manner. Nobody is on this lonely rosid." " I dursn't be seen wi' you, sir. Please let me go." "sNot yet. Do you kInow, I was so snxious to see you that I came to Glisfsrd on purpose. " Ple.se, please, let me go, sir." The girl was half crying, shubmitting to iris caresses, biut starting nervluslp y at every rustling leaf. Fltzatoy, Ihowever, only laughed, and drew hler nearer to him. " Come up on to tire moors with me, S3aran n." She drew away from him :gaini ; and, as hie pulled her back, sonlethiisi isisavy isn her apron Docket swung againstL I:r, gi\'ing out a jingling sound in time dh:rines-s. " Rave you got thile teatpoons in yaur pocket, Saranna?" hle ask-edl idly, isli.tin7 on drawinig lher closely to his side. " No, sir. It's t' Cliurch siz. U(eh leaves them wi' me when hle goes out ao nights. " The Church keys! ctem, I slve a c:,pi tel idea. You shall Itt us iut, thc Chir. h asnd we will have a tlis iss tslfr y. Wsrf . shll ble quite safe from inltl'ruplis n thl. arttl you wonit keep jsil:lpilsg sb,,tl? i :.s-i loat:;iin that little neck of yours every timr ilth a leaf stirs." ' Inleed, iridest i dtr.t'I , tir, litr aosurel Saiantna, csnlsi.tr:,Iblv scaadtalibed ait such a saarilegius idea. " Of course you dare. Run along and wait for me in the porch. You aren't afraid of ghosts in the graveyard, are you ?" " 1 dursn't," repcatd Saranna, but less de cidedly than before. FitzRoy smiled to hinm self in the darkness. A few more kisses, a few mere whispered cajoling words, and the weak vein girl succumbed. She went swiftly away towards the graveryard, while FitzRoy sought the Church from a slightly different direction. CGlsford Church stood between the village arnl the Priory, and a wide green lay level on its North side. The tombstones were barely distinguishable on this moonlight night, and rilzRoy knocked against several as he made a short cut across the graveyarl. Saranna, trembling a little, awaited him among the black shadows of the porch. She was less excited than frightened, but Fitzltoy re garded the whole adventure as a very accept able piece of amusement. Ife took tie key from the irl's quivering lingers, and sought for the keyhole in the darkness. They dared not make much sound, and Sarann:t shook all over as the heavy doorcrreaked on its hinges, Once inside the Church, I swever, she felt less alarmed; especially when FitzRoy closed and locked the door again, that they might be entirely secure from interruption. " It's very wicked, isn't it ?" murmured Saranna, as shey felt their way cautiously up tihe centre aisle, where the strewn rushes rustled under their feet. " Wicked ? Nonsennse! What is there wicked about it ?" " Only-theer are angels an' devils i' churches, I thought." " Do you think the devil will spring out of the chancel and run away with us ?" " I don't know--I'm rather feared, sir." " I will take care of you, Saranna. What's this 7" As his'hand, travelling over the par tition of a big square pew, eame in contact with a wreath of tinselly paper. "They're t' wreaths for Ellen o' Luecas's sir. Hoo died last Saturday, an' th 'Church war all hung wi' them for her." "What are they made of? " " O' white paper roses, mostly. They allays hang 'em up for an unwed lass." "Hum," said FitzRtoy, as he pushed aside the rustling papers, " real flowers would look much nicer. There I have man aged .to open that heavy door, Sarannmia. Come in and sit down." - He drew the uiiwilling girl into the bigun comfortable pew, and then sat down by her side. upon the bench that was fixed :gainst the partition. " Yes, I came for the sole purpose of see ing you, Sarannma I did not know how to contrive to let you hear I-was in Glosford." " I soon heard o' it. sir." " Well, whlen am I'going to see you again, now that 1 have managed to get' hold of you? " . "I don't kndl, sir.. I'm fraidl o' father." " He need not know anything about it.' " I think one or two fowk do know i't' village, sir.", " Nonsense-what's that? " FitzRoy's 'voice. which, had been amused and caressing, suddenly sharpened, Saranna would have cried out, but, with some instinct of herlackuof control, he placed his hand swiftly upon her mouth. A ray of light wasn travelling across the chancel, widen ing very moment, as the little north-east door was swung noiselessly open upon its hinges. "-Stoop down," whispered Fitanoy, " and keep still." baranna opeyedhim. trembling so violently that he feared every moment she would crv out. He also crouched back against the side of the pew, hut watched the opening door with intentness. In another minute they both perceived that- the intruder was ,oaa than Gibson himself. He came noiselessly into the chancel, a swinging lantern in his hand, the rays of which fell round him in a circle of yellow light, and brought out touches of snowy whiteness from his beard, and shloneglassily upon the balls of his eves. When Sartnna saw the stern impres ive iilpminatcd face of her father, and watched i his tall shadowy form move slowly forward not teny.sltids from where she crouchled with FitzRoy in the pew, she went nearer to fainting than ever she had gone in herJife. FitzRoy, however, remained observant and calm. The spice of danger to Saranna and himself in this adventure excited him pleasantly; and he even smiled a little at the thought of the predicament in which they were placed. Jonathan Gibson. however, did not ap proach the body of the Church. He step?pe cautiously across the chancel, his lantern sending travelling yellow gleams across the knobs and surfaces of the shadowed choir. Then, lie placed the light upon the ground, fumbled ins his pockst for a bunch of keys which he presently brought forth, and in serted one of their numbller into the low iron bound door that led into Ille vaults. The key turned with a grating sound, the door swung open, and Jonathan took up his lantern again, and disappeared into the narrow dark opening. They heard his cau tious footsteps on the stairs; and FitzRoy released his admonitory clasp of Saranna's "Where has he gone 7" ho- whispered curiously. " I cannot tell, sir." " Have you time to get out before he comes back ?" " I think I might venture, si'," " Then be oquick. I believe he is down in the vault." The sound of Jonathan's footateps had quite died away, and there was time for Sar anna to escape before her father returned into the church. Fitz-IRoy pushed open the door of the pew, and hurried her down the rush-sirewn aisle. When theyreached the door they 1taused to listen, but no-sound broke the stillness of the Church. With a little fumbling FitzlRoy once more dis covered the keyhole, turned the heavy key with a muttered oath at the grating noise it ade, aind stepped quickly with Saranna in to the cool dark air of the night. " There, take the key and run home as quilckiy :s you c?an." hlie whispered; " I will go anuther way." Saraonna needed no second bidding: 'she Iurriied down tile road as fast as iher tremnbl inrg irrbs would bear her, quite forgetting that thcly had itadet no appointment for a fo ture nletting. Fitzrloy, left in the porch, gtve relievt:d sigh, then laugbed silently to himiself. Thie footsteps of the girl had not died awsay before le, too, issued from the shelter of the Church, moved swiftly round "tie north side of the graveyard- where tile tonlsbtonres were srant.y and tile nettle pro fuse-andl triredl the hlandle of thie small c;astern dloor, thlrogh which Jonathan had himtself passed into the chancel. Thie ol man had niegleeted the precaution of lacking it behlind himi, and ityielded easily to Fitzlrey's push. In two sminutes more he hI:li follrowedl Jonathlran Gibson down thie nar row da:rk stairs that led inrto the vault below the churchl , hIis shisoe. making little or no sounrrd Urlol tile dusty boards. Now that Saranna lhad escaped in safety, FitzRoy was Ipreparedi to eujoy his unexpected adventure to the full. The vault below (hlrsfordl Church had once bsen the family burial-place of the Stndys. YNssne of the presen:t generatioo. howrever, were laid beside the rotting bones of their for:fathej's. FitzRoy had never been into the vault bhsforr, ari he shivered as its dstrrp air enscrel-l hhn. A feeble yellow patch of light shone at the far end, and in thlis little illuminattion hIe perceived thie bent shadllsovy tors ofi JOsonrthar n Gibson. All else ir tile vtult iwas s iblnck as a cavern and as impenetrablrle as a moonless midlnight. Fitzl:oy Sandys was no coward, and he w ts l determined to see tile meaning of this huiincirre, le crept cautiously and noise lessly toswtrds thie light, apyrostlings he my Ihae ,atlt , inaudible.on account of cer itain r euls vhich proceeded from the neigih ),ts:rholro sf Jrnatlrle ibson : tearing,-rip ioit, uI-az'; sugtestive of stuff dragged for cibl?s rm o rmn.re :idhelsive su?b-tance. When ,- w:s witin a few stepsn of J,,natilan. Fitz Iyr 1i,?:.s ri instinctively, for lie saw at once w ihst n:lllltr oe wored it was upon which tihe , pt:.:o. , oc lied. I sis-tIan Is-nt iors-r a wide wooden collin, thle lid if wirich had been broken open and shiftcd slightly to one side. .The inner coffin of soldered lead was distinctly visible. but it was not with the bones of the dead that Jonathan had any concern. The outer coffin, of line oak, was lined throughout with a covering of crimson velvet; and this velvet the old sexton hnrriedlytore and ripped from the sides. dropping the pieces into an open wallet which lay upon the ground beside him. The secret of Joonathan'scostume had been discovered at last. Fitzltoy Sandys waited only for a few moments, as soon as he saw and comprehended the old man's midnight business in the vaults of the Church. He ha ono wish to quarrel with Jonathan to night, nor to betray his presence to the old mtan. lie crept back aloing the vault as he hadl colle, the sexton remaining too intent upon his work to hear him. In two or three minutes Fitzltoy had left the Church and btood in the graveyard outside. There, it must be confessed, he sat upon a tombstone, and laughed silently, until the tears ran down his cheeks with his suppressed mirth. " Good cousin Humphllrey! " he murmured to himself, " goodl cousin Hiumphrey I shall have an interesting adventure to relate to you in the morning." (To be continued.) 