MUSICAL NOTES. (]5y Alusicua.) J he JJendigo vocalist, Miss Amy Oasties, is a passenger in the Australien, which ar rived on .Saturday, and is on her way with her mother and aunt to take up her studies on the Continent. Mr. Conloin kindly placed the launch at her disposal, and she came ashore, and was the guest of Mrs. S. J. Skipper,-of the Semaphore, during the steamer's stay. She gave a vivacious de scription of her passage from Melbourne, the successful efforts of Captain A'err on to minimise the effects of mal de mer, teach her French, and how to walk the decks in the uneasy sea with the correct nautical balance. She had a most enthusiastic send 01T at Melbourne, where a great crowd col lected, and she was presented with quite an assortment of beautiful jewellery, including a broad gold ring with a harp studded with diamonds. On the voyage Amy Castles was pestered to sing, but wisely took refuge be hind the injunction of her trustees to give her voice a rest. She says she intend- to study hard, and is quite looking forward to learning Italian. She has already endeared herself to the passengers by her vivacity and unassuming manners. Miss Amy Castles's last concert in Mel bourne which was held at the Town Hall last Wednesday, nj>pears to have caused very general disappointment, and the critics of both dailies state emphatically that her voice, if not permanently injured, has lost all its beauty. The "Age" says—"In hex lower register she sings just about as well as some strolling minstrel of the streets, who may perchance be heard warbling un der tlxe Town Hail portico any evening about 11 p.m.; jt is a positive pain to sit and listen to, such singing in cold blood." Very great blame is laid to the charge of those who have been responsible for Miss Castles's numerous appearances, and the writer goes on to say—"Send Amy Castles home as she was on Ajsril 8 (when she made her first Melbourne appearance) and almost any teacher would have jumped at the chance of training a singer of such boundless possibilities; send her home now as the great coming Australian singer, and any one who heard her wouhl imagine that we' Australians were all stark, staring mad. Miss Castles has for the last four months been practically at the beck and call of any city, town, or insignificant village which could 'plank down' a sufficient fee; she returns to Melbourne almost a worn out, broken-down singer, whom no one would cross the street, to hear • a second time." Miss Castles and her mother left Melbourne on Thursday by the Australien. Lesehetizky, tfio famous pianoforte mas tor of Vienna, has a band of preparatory teachers, his former students, who train pupil* for him. Thus he lifts from 150 to 200 young pianists at work. After from three months to a year under a preparatory, teacher the pupil gets . a. lesson from the master, which is. generally not repeated oftener than once a month. Lesehetizky never gives more than three lessons a day, and none on Sunday. lie rises at noon, and finishes his day's work at 5 p.m. In the master's teaching-room there are two grand pianos, one for him, one for the pupil, who on entering places 25s. on the instrument. Ho speaks no English, only French and German, besides his native Po lish. "Yon English always hide your feel ing'-," he said to a girl the other day, "how can you play if you will not let yourself go?" Again, "You are playing all in black, but the thing is written in colours. You must make it, sing; yes, * ance,and be alive!" As to practice, he thinks five hours a day a maximum, and less is better. "Use your brains," he says; "think out your pieces away from the pin.no; save your bodies fati gue by devitalizing muscles not needed." The question most debated in hnghsh musical circles at present appears to be "Is Paderewski married or not'!" A telegram was received from Warsaw a few weeks ago, which was published in all the leading papers, announcing that the interesting event had taken place. Mr. Hugo Gorlitz, the famous pianist's secretary, stated, how ever, in an interview, which was likewise copied in the principal journals, that Pade rewski was not married, and that on the date mentioned, May 31, he was with him (Mr. Gorlitz), and that neither was at Warsaw at a.ll. The London "Daily News." after publishing the contradiction, wrifts as follows:—"We have direct authority to state that M. Paderewski was married at the Church of the Holy Ghost, Warsaw, on May 31, to Helene, Baronne de Rosen, a lady who is well known in musical cir cles." As the great pianist is now in Lon don, he might surely be induced to answer the momentous question himself. Unless some hypnotic influence has been at work, he surely ought to know. A younger sister of Miss Amy Castles, who made her debut at a. benefit perfor mance in the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, a few days ago, is thus criticized in the "Age:" — "Miss Dolly Castles is fourteen years of age, but looks younger. She sang the ballad, "Told in the twilight* in a clear, sweet voice, and with admirable enuncia tion." Miss Amy Castles is to give yet another concert in the Melbourne Town Hall on Wednesday evening, September 6. It is announced that Sir Arthur Sullivan has practically completed the bulk of his new comic opera for the Savoy Theatre. The title of the piece has not yet been de cided on. " Australian bushrangers are said to figure in the cast, and the music is of a much lighter character than usual. Miss Elsie Stanley Hall, the clever young Australian pianiate, who has made a num ber of successful appearances in Melbourne within the past few weeks, now appears in a new role as a composer. A song from her pen figured in the programme of a re cent concert, and was warmly praised by the critics. It is rumoured that Alias Hail will shortly return to Europe. A good story is related of the conductor of an opera company. He was trying the voice of a young lady who wished to be come a member of the chorus. She was frail and timid. He fir.inshed the test, and the gill looked at him. The Manager waiting for his verdict did the same. "How is it?" asked the. Manager unceremoniously. The conductor caught the pleading- eyes of the girl, and he is noted for his gentleness towards the weaker sex. But he had his duty to perform. lie struck three notes on' the piano, and left the rest to the Manager, who had absolute pitch. The notes were BAD. A singular "contretemps" occurred at the annual conversazione of the Royal Colonial Institute, London, which was held about five weclcs ago. Mr. Chamberlain and a distinguished company numbering about three thousand attended the function, which offered as one of its chief attractions two songs hy Miss Ada Orossley, who was the sole singer of the evening. This fact had been specially announced in a prelimi nary circular, and even a special platform had been erected for the singer's accommo dation. At !lhe appointed hour Miss Oross ley, with he'r accompanist, ascended the platform, only to find that the pia.no had been forgotten! There was no singing, of course, and when Sir Frederick Young ex plained the position the disappointed guests, mostly Australians, hurried out of the building i'g. hundre'ds. Miss Lili Sharp and her concert com pany, containing Miss Florence Jlansen Knarhoi. Miss Jule Lay ton, and Miss Mar guerite King, had a very successful season at broken IJill, where four performances, including a sacred cop cert on Sunday even ing, were held. The attendances were large on each occasion, and the undertaking proved a financial as well as an artistic success. Miss King took Miss Bourne'* position as the pianist of the company, it heing feared that the long journey, together with the excitement of so many pubdio appearances, would overtax the strength of the clever little Victorian. 