OLD AUSTRALIANS' HOME. ENTERTAINMENT AT MA.FFRI IN AID oF FUNS.i " A moveonlnt in nid of the Old ?ane trnlinns' Iomine at Blairtistlual won set on foot recently by Mrs R. J. Thom ion inii Mrs Allan l'lieatn, and it noun unsuutlnd defliite ?bhpe, an Pnter linnenit being arranged to tlake place. o)wing to the bush ilres raging on thei dateo it was dlecoed advisablh to post pone, and sinn then it has Ieen found exceedingly dillicult to hlit on a suit atli date, there having been quite n round of gaietios inl this district of Inte. After a lengthy walt lIriday last was definitely fixed upon and the entertainment was brought off This Ilome is one well deserving of support as it tikeu in hand decrepit oltl mai who otherwise would be left to eke out a miserable existence until death put an end to their sufferings. The law of the land had not provided for ouch cases, and until quite recently it was an everyday occurrence for a poor old body to be brought before the courts and sentenced to herd with criminals, the charge brought against them being-poverty I No wonder public opinion was roused and it is en couraging to note that noble effolbrts are being made to house such poor. old poople and enable them to go down the hill towards the grave at least without the thought of whether the morrow would bring any food to take away the gnawing pangs of hunger. Towards the close of the first part of the programme lion. A. M1s'Lean was called upon to introduce Rev. D. A. Cameron, of Bairndaloe, the founder of the Home in that, town. Mr M'Loan, who was enthusiastically re. coeived by the audience, gave Mr Cameron fitting eulogy for the services rendered by that gentleman, and not only had Mr Cameron interested hinm self in the Old Colonists' Home, but he had also been the means of gotting up an agitation for the sounding of a Village Settlement near Bairnsdole, whore there were now families settled and' earning an honest livelihood. Rev. D. A, Cameron, who was re ceived with applause spoke at some length on. the subject of the aged poor. Re had been proud to receive the in vitation from Mrs Thomson to attend, and was pleased' to see that that lady and Mrs M'Lean had worked so well in getting up the entertainment. The home in question was for old men who had worn themselves out fossicking in the gullies of Enst Gippsland, and he was pleased to seo that help was being vouebsafed by Maftra people. The boundaries limiting tihe operations of the Home wore from tile Mitchell River to the Omeo and Snowy River districts. When he mentioned old Australians Ihe did not mean Austra lian Natives. .Those eligible to be taken in were residents of over 10 vearn. T hie rceived -oed nourislh ment and were helped on to live. Tiny were allowed to go down the street, read the newspapers, and sometimes when they got well and strong again were allowed to go out into the world in an endeavor to earn their own living. There were 15 inmates at the Home in Bairnsdalo at the present time. If all the people could only help even with coppers it would bI sullioient to relieve starvation in tihe dioatiet mentioned. Mr Cameron ro. fuorred to the warm interest Mr M'Lean had talen in the Home. Hlie ad ap plied for Governmeont assistance and was promised £10, but as it wasauch a. small sum hI had told then to- keep it. Mr M'Lean had interested himself in the matter and through his efforts they had received L50 out of the Charitable Vote. Mr Cameron.. was- patiently listened to for over hallan-hour. Tn his concluding remarkl he expressed himself as sanguine enough to believe that in 40 years there would be no starvation amongst British. people as they would rise ado meet the situation The programme of tableaun was excel lently carried out and splendidly received by the audience. "The Statues Dance" enacted by Misses Glassford, E-. Garde. E. Mothers and L. Morison, received an encore. This represented the ghosts entering the statues and joining in.a danceO in the moonlight. " Five Foolish Virgins" was thlio secondtableau, and was representedl by. Misses Glassford, M. Merry, Parkes; Mathors and 0. Williams. It was in three scones ; thie firt showing the foolish virgins when the oil ran out; the second the virginsimploring to be lot in; the tlhird, the virgins oxllibiting despair at beingloacked out. During the represon tntion of this tableau Mrs Boanko hang " Too Late," which greatly enhanced the effect. The final tableanu represented " Threoe little Geisha Girls" and n'Three little Boys." The girls were-Misses Parkcs, Onardo and O. WVilliams. The cameno tihe comical side of the tableau. Mossrs E. Keogh, It.J.Thomson nnd i. Drnnunond, tihe throo biggest meni inll tie Shire; repro sonted the three little boys. With sailor hats nan knickers they looked very little boys and their nappearance croneated qitea furoro, the idea being n happy one. Those tableaux were well got up and reflected credalit lie on the initiators and the per sons concerned inn theni. A musical prograJnnino was gone through, blut we cannot give an extended notice nn not being furnished with a list of performers, and not having been able to procenro one as tie seeretary was a wacy from homon on Saturday, we hove to minaoi up a list from memnory. Moiss M.1oultoln opoened hie progrnnllnnl withs a pinnnfortuo solo--" Tile Mocking l]ird." Mr oA. lice sang, "Tily Sentinnl am I," and also anothrusong. Irsu Boale also sang; ind Miss Purdue contributed two songs. ilr Gihbson, of Sale, sang, " ThIe Soldiers of tine Quoen," mid also another soung. Mr IIornidge, of Salo, played a violin solo.; Miss O. WVillianma sang--"Tlio WeVoarin' of tlheoGroen," (in chnrnncor);. nd: Minss tRoso MaRtin dancod ;unI Inishn jig, (its chanracter), .whihb wasn. encooren. MI?sA Pui'duno, Miss L;G. Glassford ,nd r sMr N. MIDonald acted as, anccolueanists during the ov?oning.. 