SEMERALlflES. Two women can keep a secret-— when one of them ia dead. ? ? : : ? Don't waste to-day's strength fighting to*.' morrow's battles. .. ?; ^ . After about the third time the Tvlrtuerof- re^ pentance becomes moth-eaten. ;i ;-;,;; ;: When it comes to toleration it. Is hard, now and acain. to tolerate some of the tolerant. ' He (cautiously)—' What would yott say, r'arllDg, If I should ask you to be my wife?' Darling— 'Ask me and find out.' ; Clerk— 'I can't read this letter, sir. The writing is very bad.' Mr. Flareup— 'Pshaw, any donkey can read it ; pass it here.' 'How carefully your wife watches your health J'.' 'Yes; she knows that if I get np a big doctor's bill she won't get to tha seaside tbia summer.' Johnnie — ' Why don't you want me to aak so many question?, father ?' Father— ^ It lg a waste of breath. You will know more tban I do in a few years anyway.' ' He laughs best who laughs last you know.' 'Not always. The fellow who sees a joke only after all the rest have finished laughing at it is often a very tiresome^pereon.' Kind Lady— 'How did you become BO Inme ?' Tramp — ' Over-exertioD, mum.'* Lady—' Indeed ? In what way V Tramp— 'Movin' on evarp time a policeman tolo me,' Ikey— v- Please, fardor, give me a penny for icecream. I am so hot.' Father—' Ikey, mein shon, dat is a valst of money. I vill tell yon a fine ghost story dat vill make your blood run cold.' First Artist—' An artist has as much right to sit upon the critics as the critics have to sit upon tbe artist. »econa Arnsi— ?? ui course* but the critics get paid for it and the artis doesn't.' Actor — ' When I stand on the stage I see nothing, and I am conscious of nothing but the role I am playing. The audience dis appears entirely.' Friend— ' Well, I can't blame the audience much for that 1' Bobby (at tea-table)— ' Why, she aln'c dusty a bit.' His Mother—' Dusty ! Who ? Wbat'J' Bobby— 'I mean Aunt Lavlnia. Didn't you tell Mre. Glib yesterday that aunty had been on the shelf quite 12 years 1' 'You are sure that the room you have to let is quiet 1' asked the timid young mar. ' Ah, rest assured of that,' said the landlady, 'There ia a singer in the next room, audit must be quiet or she could not practice.' ♦1 My!' - wife,' said the tall man, ' ia as womanly a woman as you. could find, but she can hammer nails like lightning.' ' Wonder ful J' sang the chorus. ' Lightning,' the tall man continued, ' seldom strikes twice in tha same place.' Speaking of a wellrknown cantatrice, a critic says-—' She might be a more attractive singer .if in the middle of the most affecting passage she did not look as though she were counting ho w. much money there was in the honae/p.K, ;; '?.? '.;v, -.??'?'.?; Mr/Ja8tibined£''^Wi-at on earth are you trying' 'to do?'/ Mrs. Just joined — 'I wa8 teading about cooking by electricity, so I hung th^chopCota the electric bell, and I've been ;ji)tiahing the button for {half ah ^hour, but i^ doesn't seem to work.' ' You know in our country,' said the emi nent Chinaman, ' it is considered the height of courteay to present a man with a burial cisket.' ' Yep,' answered, the young emperor* 'but these relations of mine are becoming altogether too polite.' . : : ''?. : Young Lady — ' How- much?' telegraph Olerk— ' ' Sixpence,' |J For that one word ?'» 'Yes. Same charge for twerve words or less. You can repeat the ? Yes' bi'x times if you .wish.' '!Um— no j that wouldn't look well. It is an answer to a proposal of marriage .' ? The Tardy Lover— 'I must say that if there ia one thing I particularly admire in a man It is business enterprise,' She — 'So do I, There's young Rushman, for instance. He's only been calling on M si Sparks for two months, and they're engaged already.' ; Plugwinch— ' Congratulate, me, dear boy, I'm engaged to the wealthy Mrs. Gabster.' Pigsnoffle— 'Si glad, old man. But— er— are you sure she is really so rich]' Plug' wta'ch-^' Sure ? I should say so. Wby, she was arrested for shoplifting and acquitted as a kleptomaniac.' i The Young Fish—' Ob, mother, I see an angler coming. He's got a jointed rod, a silk line; a whole lot of flies, and all sorts of thiDgs.' The Old One— ' Never mind him j but if. you BhbuH see a little boy with a piece of string, a bent pin, and a tin can full of worm?, then swim for your life.' / 'Children! Children ! Don't make such a frightful noise,' said the mother. 'We're playin1 omnibus, mamma,' Baid Mattie soberly. 'Yes, I know, dear ; but it isn't necessary to make such a terrible noise.' 'Yes, It ie? mamma. We've got to go where Hattie insists on payin' the fare, arid so do I.' ' Young Wife—' I'm going to make a nice steak and kidney pudding for supper to-night.' Young Husband (with recollections of the Its1 one)— ' Ahem, I did intend to briDg a friend home to-night.' Young Wife— ' Well, bo much the better. The more the merrier.'' Young Husband— 'All right. I will fetch him along. He Berved me a mean trick him Balf once. . . A teacher was. conversing with hia pupils about the five senses and their importance. Teacher — ' Suppose we had to be deprived of one of our five senses, and we were at liberty to choose, wbich of them could you moB* readily dispense with, Fitz Lehmann ?' Fitz (recently chastised for mis- behaviour and rub bing the part affacted)— ' Feeling.' Tom— 'Great news!' Dick— 'What's that ?'' Tom—' Harry Brokestone's won a prize ot ,£10,000 by correctly answering a simple question.' Dick—' Rubbish !' Tom —'Not at all. The officiating clergyman asked h^m, ' Wilt thou have this woman' — meaning Miss Glltedge, the banker's daughter ? « to be thy wedded wife ? -and he answered, 'I will,' .and — and that'a how it happened, you see.' An absent- minded professor was hurrying with a friend to catch a train, when he stopped suddenly and exclaimed : — ' There ! I've come away and left my watch.' 'Let's go back and get it,' suggested the friend. ?? No ; I don't believe we shall have time,' said tho professor, and he drew the lost walch out of his pocket, looked carefully at the dial, counted the minute?, and added, ?' No, there won't be enough timo.' Two ladies who had not seen each other tor years recently mot in the street, They recog nised each other after a timo and their recog nition was cordial. ' So delighted to see you. Why you are scarcely altered.' ' So glad ; and how little changed you are. Why, how long is it since we met ?'' ' About 10 yeare,' 'And wby have you nevet been to see me ?' 'My dear, just look at the weather we have had. . ^ ? 