Comic Cuttings* I-Te : ' My views on bringing up a family are ? ' She : ' Never mind yuuV views, I'll bring up tl-e family. y0u go and bring up tho coal.' A German student, wrestling with tho English language, is said to have rendor ed a text as follows : — ' The ghost is willing, but the moat is feeble.' i ' People talk about presence of mind I when and where most needed, &c.;,' said I a young physician to a company of older j gra.veyi.iru liners hi. uamoriuge me other S day. ' I can tell where it is most IS needed.' ' Where ?' asked one of tho jl company witli a sneer. 'Where ! Why in a lunatic asylum, of course.' They * gave him a diploma. An old woman, who had a chronic habit of sleeping in church, called ut scat-letting time upon the treasurer o[ the congregation. ' I have come to pay for my seat,' she said, laying down her money. ' Yer seat ?' returned tho trea surer, who was a bit of a wag. ' Losh, I think, Janet, you mean yer bed.' Mother : ' How did your face get that strained, agonised look in your photo graph ? Did the light hurt your eyes ?' Small Son : ' No, ma. The man told me to try to keep still, an' I did.' Wlllde : 'I suppose you're goin' to church merely to show off your now bonnet.' Mrs. Wilkie (sweetly): 'Not that entirely. I'm wantin' to see thy bonnets the ither women liev as weel.' Oculist, (to countryman) : ' Well, what can I do for you ?' Countryman : ' it you please, sir, I want ye to puli a tooth out.' Oculist : ' My good man, you must go to a dentist. My business concerns the eye only.' Countryman : ' Well, sir, it's an eye tooth !' Blanche : ' Isabel, what has put you in such a bad humour ?' Isabel : ' Why, I've just had communication from Jack, and he writes such a horrid hand that I can't tell whether it is a proposal, an Easter carol, or that cure .for chil blains he promised to send me.' Mistress (to Scotch servant) : ' Janet, I fear my mind's beginning to go.' Janet (who has not a high opinion of her mistress's mental powers) : ' I wadna. say, mum ; but there's ae consolation, ft hasna far to gang.' Author : ' Help me out with this. I don't want to say her cheeks were as red as a rose.' Friend : ' Say they were as red as her nose.' - Various animals lend their mite to make up English words— e.g., manaj?e ment, dog-matism, cat-egory, chro nology, duc- tility, amf rat-iflcation. Mr. Mumblechook (singing) ' Bhl me good-bye and go ? ' Miss Effie Sharp: 'If you're going to sing it like that on the night they won't stop' to bid you good-bye.' No Change. — ' Well, doctor, how do you find my mother-in-law to-day 'She's much better, but her tongue's bad.' 'It always was.' Friends.— Eva : ' Is it true that Cap tain Woolley kissed you in the Conserva tory last night ?' Marion : ' Certainly not ! I should just like to see him try such a thing.' Eva : ' I quite believe you, my dear.' A Promising Boy.— ' I'm afraid you'll never learn much at this rate. Nov,' to day we'll change places ; you'll he mo ther and I'll be Tommy.' ' Me be mo ther !' ' Yes ; you are mother, and nmv for lessons.' ' Oh, as you're such a good little girl you can go and plav there will be no lessons to-day.' A Question of Terms.— Miss Fitz-Hyde (in quest of an engagement) : 'What salary ? Well, eighteen guineas a week.' Manager: 'Take off the odd pounds and I'll engage you.' ' They closed. . Clara : 'I wonder if it is true that one Is likely to catch something from being kissed.' Maud : ' Of course not. You've been kissed enough, but you haven't caught anything yet, have you g' Tommy: 'Do you say your prayers every night ?' Jimmy : ' Yep.' 'And does your maw sav hers ?' ' yen ' ' And does your paw ?' ' Naw. Paw ?do.n't need ^to. ' It's almost daylight when he gets to bed.' ' Oh mamma,' cried five-year-old Dorothy, ' I'm just as full of glory as I can- be !' 'What do you mean?' in hel motller with natural surprise. ? W1?7-ee'' said Dorothy, ' there was a '.sunbeam right on my spoon, and I swallowed it with my oatmeal, mamma!' ' And you reject my offer ?' he said to her intensely. ' You refuse to be the one woman in all the world to me ?' I m afraid so,' she confessed rather kindly, for she meant well. ' Then I have but one thing to say to you, madam, ' lie said, reaching for his hat. I am sure you have my permission to say that. What is it ?' l-ie drew him self up to his full height. 'There are others,' he replied haughtily, and passed out of the game. 