GOIIBSINO. The Bendigo Plumpton Coursing Club ran off their final meeting this season at the Epsom grounds on Sept. C. The programme included a 16 dog stake for all ages and a similar stake for puppies. Good weather was experienced, ana the hares were strong, providing excellent trials and- a good day's sport. The first round of the puppy stakes found a few fancied long tails with the flag against them, Birthday and Mora being amongst the number. Two Goldsmith puppies were left in the last four, Haeel Branch and Snowdrift being the other two. Gold Ring beat Hazel Brar.ch and Snowdrift beat Precyon in the second ties.. Gold Ring sustained an injury to his. shoulder, and was withdrawn in the final, leaving Snowdrift, The Ghost — Winnie; as the winner of the stake and trophy. In. the Weerona Stakes at the Bendigo Plump- ton meeting for all ages, several good dogs took part, and the winner was "Kendal," a son of Lindsay Gordon — Misty Morn. This dog was re cently sold to Mr Hardiman for 20 guineas, and is a brother to Harper, wbran at the Iaost meet ing at Moonee Valley, being put out in the first ties through an injury. Kendal has not been long in returning his owner the price paid for him, and he is a very useful class of greyhound. The final meeting of the South Gippsland Coursing Club was held on Sept. 6, when a 11 dog stake was run off. Hares were fairiy plen tiful, and a good day's sport was provided. Mr J. T. M'Lachlan divided first and second money with Love Letter and Blink Bonny. A trophy given by Mr Lacblan for the dog winning the greatest number of courses during the season was won by Mr C. Barlow's Lady Angler. The Avondale Coursing Club (New Zealand) held a successful meeting last month, and, as an indication of the quality of the hares provided, it is stated that there was only one hare killed during the meeting. Four stakes were run off. and the pace and stamina of the hares' must have been of a high order to result as stated. The Great Northern Challenge Cup was one of the events, and this stake was won. by Mr J. A. Taper's "Brandy," Stormfleld— Dora B., who has performed well throughout the season, and has been in the money several times. During the present coursing season Mr Gog- gin, of Bredbo Station, N.S.W. , has supplied 1470 live hares to the different coursing Clubs of the various colonies. He has now orders on hand for 700 more. We have never had better hares on Moonee Valley than those supplied by Mr Goggin. As a proof of the magnitude of the coursing meetings in San Francisco (America), it may be mentioned that two stakes were run off, one for 128 dogs and the other for 44, 172 dogs in all. Eighty-one courses were run off in one day, and in five hours 74 flags " were raised, two byes run, two no-courses, and tbree'undecideds. The way iu which coursing is catching on in Ame rica would indicate tbat matters in connection with the sport are conducted on sound and cor rect lines. Some of the English sporting writers suggest that the British clubs might take a few useful lessons from the States in respect of the management of their home fix tures. Mr S. Bladm has returned to Rooty Hill, greatly improved in health by his recent trip to Victoria and South Australia. He took over "Deacon" Gate Melfort II.) as an addition to his stud, and this son of Melfort Spy should have a good opportunity of producing something extra good, when mated with such high-class bitches as are to be found in Mr Bladon's kennels. A very successful meeting was held at Leigh Road last week, when the Bracelet Stakes were' run off. Trials were very satisfactory, and Muse (Goldsmith— Loj) was returned the win ner. This bitch is very clever, and when once in possession of her game does net allow her opponent a chance to score. In her recent trial at Moonee Valley she was very unfortunate get ting her teeth to work too early to allow her a chance of winning the course. The Challenge Stakes proihoted by the New South Wales Coursing Association is repotted io be filling well. Over one hundred nominations have already been received. The meeting of the Collingwood Coursing Club this week will practically wind up the coursing iu Victoria for the year. Moonee Valley will bo again the convincing grounds for the meeting of this club as the supply of bares in ibe open has been very unsatisfactory right through the season . The fact no doubt, will result in Ibe formation of several Plumptons for uext sea son's coursing. The final meeting of the Camperdown Cours ing Club was held on 8th September, when a thirty-two dog stak was run off. Hares were fairly plentiful, and the trials were satisfac tory. Mr R. O. Nimmo's Belle Hedley won the stake, with Mr C. M'Arthur's Miss Modesty runuer-up. 