In a Strange Land. THE SAN JUAN RIVER _ By ' Gossip.' rlWAPTEtt XV. Before the day was done both Brooklyn and 'Fileepa had dropped asleep in the dugouti, for they had been paddling all the previous night, and I waa left to listen to the passing boats on the river. There was a terrible lot of them going and corning all the time, which rafcher surprised ? unnn»nn r f J-ij-\i-n-»Kti f.Ko_h moil nnt'.Ri(ift of Manilla it wa* all wild country. But iti isn'b, and ic i^i ! It's a wonder ful place is the Island of Luzon. I muse cen you auuuu iu u. x ^cu o»tuu, bub I didn't) know a thing about it) \--.Kinn T rompmViPr that it Wa8 a Ion2. weary day in bhab swamp, and I wished myself away at aea, where I had a chance of some adventures, instead of ueing in IX UU1B lia.o uiiau. i^uu '''J thing in this world has an ending, even a day in a swamp. We had anobher meal before ib got dark, and then when all was still on the river we launched our boab and started. I was going to lie down when Brooklyn bold me that ib wasn't worth while -»oing to sleep, because we'd have to ' change cars ' soon. That struck me as curion?, bscause I thoughb we'd have to go miles and miles and miles to get away from the Spaniards, but it was no time to talk on bhab dark river. Those two puddled along as silenbly as if they were going bo a funeral. You couldn't hear the dip of their paddles, and bhe dug-out made scarcely anu nniao nf. all. If I l-iv and listcued I began to hear things, and I wanted bo talk to keep my hearb up, bub they wouldu'b leb me. We'd gone a long distance when Fileepa suddenly made a souud as if to call for silence, and she whispered for Brooklyn to stop puddling. He did so, and she shot «.., « ftn.».rtnf. ni irh h in tn fcKfi snore. yui uuij vuw ».»^uw *«-.-— ? - , under some trees. When we were perfectly still she crept aft to Brooklyn and talked to him, and when I was nearly reftdy to scream with terror L creptaft, too. Then Brooklynwhispered to me. We were lying be=ide a hnnH wall, ab the bottom of some body's gardeu, and away ahead' of us on our left, was a little town. It wasn't) asleep yet, and we'd gob to wait till the town was quiet before we ventured past. That was ftll rigub, bub ib was a fearful long time to wait, for me. Those bwo didn't mind ; tu^ ? M i.;*i f /-irrcifVitt,. Kv fchfl hour. whispering iu Spanish, bub that wasn't; enj -ymenb for bhe boy. We must have lain under those trees for a couple of hours, but it) looked like two weeks, aud I whs glad when we got under weigh. Wo shoved out from under tlm trees, ri'hb over bo the other bunk, aud then we went paaanng sotuy »iouS close to the shore, lo was u slow business, for the current whs against us ; but ab lasb we saw a light, aud anobher and another, and it was evident that) we had reached sum' kind of a town or village. Thou we saw the masts of sailing boiit-s, and, lo, we were iu a regular nest of them. We got close in to a big canoe, and ttueepa signed to me co Keep pnuuuus;, and I whispered to Brooklyn, aud Fileepa reached oub and gob hold of the boat. Then we climbed out of our little dug-oub into the big one, with outriggers, and our few parcels wero luted aiber us, an as quien as death. This sailiug-boab was bied to » posb bhab was on the bink, and Fileepa hauled on the rope till the boab grounded, and then she steppe oub on to the shore. You can guess what a state of excitemenb we were all in by bhis time, especially me, because I didu'b know whab was cotmng. x uov« read in books aboub bhe berror of bhe adventurers, because bhe fellows in books are all as brave as lions, and none of them ever gob into a miserable scrape use inis, anyuuw. We had no firearms like heroes have, and the police were after us. rrk.'ti \rtnA t\$ ZAna \\\\*A Itoun Imiinhini? JLUtO IWUW V* IUVM UHM N/^V** m—w— ? p, me, for I was like Professor Chapman's little page-boy. Mrs. Chtvpinanjhad taught him bo say his prayers, and be nsed to say them regularly every nighb. One day she said bo him, ' Roger, don'b yon say your prayers when you geb up in the morning?' He juRt laughed and said, ' lvie f INO rear. j. can shk-h care of myself through the day.' That's tho kind of boy I was. So lnnrr .is ib was davliffhb I was riaht. bat as soon as ib gob dark, and I wanted to sleep, there was no coarage left in me. Napoleon said that if a man was brave ab 4 o clock in bhe morning he was brave indeed. Well, I'm nob brave at sleeping trime ! When Fileepa climbed oub of bhe big boab on to the bank T was in a Btate of blue funk and berror, so when she suddenly gave a shriek and dropped flop into the water, and there was a frightful splashing, I collapsed. 'O — ««L1 «-*m ttth n wu-in y»1tt ar*n t*d/i t*n nod t' rl I'm sure, bub he made a jnmp over bo the side and hauled Fileppa on U~n~A QViQ hart hn]r\ nf hliA sifjfi of the boat, anyway. As soon as she gob aboard she sank down below you call the edge of such a canoe, and pulled us both down beside her. She whispered to keep quiec, and said she was real sorry for having screamed. An alligator! Think of it. I'd never a-.t.n uuti m my utr, uuu *. o.^^ *?? what horrible things thoy were, and here we were at midnight in a strange river, in a strange land, treading on them ! Tf I were telling you this cale to make oab tbab I was brave or clever, I wouldn't tell you this part of my trip, bub as I'm only telling you a true story I may as well cotifr-ss thab I felb awful. But we go plunging through life like that, treading on alligabors. and running frightful risks, and we've gob to keep on doing it all the time, and thab's life, or, as Clough suys — ' ' 0 false, unwise, absurd and vain '. 0 'tis not joy, and 'tis not bliss. Ualy 10 is preciaiuy cms That keeps ua still alive ! ' Fileepa's idea -was that if 'we lay quieti in the bottom of the boat, the natives would think ib was the spirits bhab were oub on the waters, and they would nob come near us, nor find out our tricks She knew them well, bub, as sne said, afterwards, it was the Chinese she was afraid of. They are an ignorant, superstitious lob, a3 a rule, bub bhere .. ..n nlairot. CdiininC n.mOM«7St', finP.tll WllO know bhab bhere are no such things as ghosts. I didu'b believe in ghosbs, bub I was terribly afraid of bhetn. Brooklyn said he didnt either, bub he was scared himself bhab night. None of the Filipinos would have come out to see whab was bhe matter, ana we waited a long time to see if any Cbiukics would come, bub bhey didnt, so Filt-eDa started Co get out again. Brooklyn wanted to do it, but shi whispered bhab he didub know how the natives tied their boats, and all the alligators hud left the banks now so she was safe. He had to let her 'o, bub she was trembling like any thing. She was a grand woman ! It' m(q liurl enllpd linr ' Soiiorita ' iusteiiil of Fileepa, we'd have bowed down aud worshipped her. She soon got finished on bhe bank, and crept aboard again, and we shoved off ! Ib was some minutes before I realized whib had happened. She had tied our dug out to the post on the mud oauK, aua buuvuu. une uig wuu» '' and now we were drifting slowly out from bhe mooring place. Slowly we drifted back down the river uutil we were some distance away off, aud taen Jnieepa toon ner pauuiu «'« guided our boab over to the other shore. When we reached the shadow of the trees Brooklyn gob hold of an overhanging branch, and Fileepa set to work clearing away a sail in the boab. How we were goiug to sail up a narrow river in a canoe puzzled me ; our, J. uciu iuy uuu^uu. wuwa ~«*. only sail before the wind. If they try bo go on a wind bhey simply elide over the bop of the water to leeward ; and here was Fileepa getbing oub a sail. Whab wind there was, seemeu to be coming from the town where we had found the caaoe. When all waa ready Fileepa told Brooklyn whab bo do, and he hauled bhe boat op and shoved off, and the each took a paddle. Very soon, to my surprise, bhe righb-hand bank began to go away from us, and the river gob wider. You could only see anybhing on it, hub you could see ib going away. Then Fileepa bold Brooklyn bo keep on paddling, and she hoisbed np a funny leg-of-mutton sail, such as I'd never seen in my me. Brooklyn took the aheeb and Fileepa sab on bhe weather quarter with her paddle and away we sailed. One shore disappeared and the other was gebbing mighty far off, and Brooklyn waa juab as much surprised as I was. He said to X ileepa, ' w nere are we ? ' and she said we wsre on ' el Laguna de Bayo.' We'd'never heard of any Lagoon Bay, or anybhing like it, when she began Co laugh and laugh and laugh like everybhing. He sprang up and took her paddle, and bold me to look af'.er her. Poor Fileena had 20b a aorb of hysteria?, which was simply the reaction after the alligator and stealing the boat. No wonder, poor sirl : for she'd been living under an awful sbrain, and now lab we were afloab on the inland Sea of Luzon the reaction bad come. She soon recovered, though, and went back to the paddle : but Brooklyn did then what I'd never seen him do before — he kissed her ! I knew she was his sweetheart, though, before that; because —oh, well, because lots of things. She was re-.il nice ! We sailed along in that strange sea till we saw bhe land looming up en our weacner oow, oq me ieiu, »uu ™c stood iii towards it. The day was breaking, and cocks were crowing, whnn we sailed ud another river and brought up under some trees. The bush came right down to the water, except for a kind of a brail or roadv/ay, and we hauled bhe canoe on bo the beach and took our things out ot ib. When all was out, Fileepa gave the canoe a push off into deep water, and we were lefb bo onrselves on the banks of the S*n Juan River. (To be Continued.) 