MDI BAHBARITY. CHAPTER VHI.— (Continued). 'Madam,' he broke in on my thoughts, 'two feet of straight and honest eteel is worth a mile of strategy. Give me a sword, and bother your head no more about me.' ''Tia bloodymindedness,' says I; 'and you euch a tender, handsome boy!' -X am iioi lenuer; j. am not nanasome; i am cot a boy,' says he, severely. ??You are the very handsomest lad . I ever 6aw,' says I, mischievously, 'and Mrs. Polly Emblem knows it also. She looks on you as sweetly as though you were a corporal.' 'Bah!' he cries, 'do you suppose, madam, that I will let a parcel of women pet me like a terrier pup. I was born for better things, I hope.' 'For the whipping-post, the pillory, the Tol booth, you saucy rogue,' says I, laughing at his anger, and the way he treated one of the foremost ladies in the State. 'But you know you are very handsome, now,' says I, in a very coaxing manner. 'To be handsome,' he replied, 'a man must be six feet high; splendid wide shouldera:; slen der hips, and muscles made of steel. No, I am not handsome. I am only a little fellow; five feet five inches is my height; my frame hath no more consistency than your own. See how my shoulders slope, and my very voice is thin and feminine.' 'Why, certainly it is,' eays I, 'but still you are very handsome.' ''Tis untrue,' says he, determined to pre vail and doing so, for he was of that disposi tion that whatever he wished he obtained, and whatever he undertook he -performed; 'bur, madam, if it will be a satisfaction to you,- I may say, that for my size I possess an arm that merits your attention. Observe these muscles, madam. They are flexible.' And I laughed alov-d, when he pushed his sleeve up suddenly and laid his forearm bare He bent it and made its fibres rise, and before be would be content I had to grip it with an appearance of great interest. But the catalogue of his dimensions and his feminine resemblance was to -put me in pos session of one of the bravest stratagems that ever was conceived. ' Ihave it!' I exclaimed, in a tone of victory. 'I have it! I have discovered a device that 6hall fit you like a glove.' 'I do not want a device,' says he; 'give me an honest sword, and a sturdy courage. They are worth all your pussy-cat tricks.' 'You have a feminine exterior,' says I, 'and I possess the clothes and the arts that can adorn it. In half an hour you shall become a most ravishing girl.' 'I will not, by thunder!' he exclaimed, with gleams of purple in his face. 'I will go to Tyburn rather.'- 'Well, think about it,' says I, eoaxingly, 'and remember this is your only chance of life. I do believe that I may save you thus-. Be sides, a boy of your height will make a very fine, tall woman.' This it was that moved him to the scheme. In a moment was he reconciled. 'Tall!' cries he. 'Well, it's worth trying, anyhow. And at least there's room In a wo man's what-do-you-call-'ems to etow a pistol and a bit of ammunition.' I assured him that there was. Thereupon Emblem and I set about, at once to prepare him this disguise. The more I con sidered it, the more positive did I grow of Its success. Our present mode seemed to have been invented to assist our audacious plan. Every lady of pretension must have her pow der, her patch, and her great head-dress. The hooped skirt was then the fashion, too. I placed the most elegant one I had at his dis posal. That is to say, the biggest, for the larger they were the more 'tonnish' they were considered. Indeed, the petticoat I procured him was of such capacity that it fitted over Bis masculine clothes with ease, and abolished the necessity for underlinen, as his shirt and breeches fulfilled its duties admirably. We got him into this rich silk dress, with convol vuli and. mignonette brocaded on it, in the shortest space of time. The bodice, though, was a different affair. He had to remove his coat and vest ere we might venture to put it on at all. Then he had to be dragged into it by main force, till it seemed that a miracle alone had saved the seams from bursting. 'Huh!' he sighed, 'I cannot breathe. This is less humane than hanging.' 'But not so ignominious,' says L 'Well, I wouldn't be too sure of that,' says he. 'For surely 'tis of the very depth of de gradation for a lusty man like me to be put in petticoats, ana made a womar 'f.' 'Wretch!' says I, much vexed. Mrs. Polly Emblem, being employed at that moment in pinning a gold brooch into the collar of his bodice, by misadventure stuck it in his throat We made him a bust with a pad of wooL TTis hair was a matter for nice consideration. He wore it long, and of a yellow color; and, al though of a coarse male quality, it was pro fuse enough to occupy his shoulders. Emblem, however, was a past mistress in the manipulat ing of a headdress. It shook me with laughter, yet thrilled me with pleasure too, to witness the degree of mastery with which she seized that ungovernable mane, that was no more curly than is a grey rat's tail, and twist ed it to her own devices. She picked it up with pins and divers arts known only to the coiff euse, enclosed it in one of my commodes, and made the whole of eueh a height and imperial proportion that even I would not have disdain ed to wear it publicly. - There now remained the question of his tell tale hands and feet But the difficulties they presented were very well got over. His form being cast hi so slight a mould, it was not strange that they were of quite a delicate char acter; and when a pair of long mittens had been stretched across his hands to hide their natural roughness, there remained small chance of detection on their accoimt. But his feet were a somewhat more seri ous affair. My own shoes were outside the question utterly. When Emblem mischievi ously produced a pah-, and suggested that he should try them on, his face was worthy of re mark. 'What those?' says he. ? 'I might have tugged 'em on when I was four weeks old, but I'll swear at no time thereafter.' Emblem then produced a pair of hers. They fared but slightly better, she being a very dain ty creature, a fact of which she was very well aware. Thereupon she repaired below stairs to discover if any of the maids could lend as sistance. In the end, she returned in triumph with a not inelegant pair the cook went to church on Sundays in. She being one of tie most buxom members of her tribe, they pro mised welL it was a squeeze, but the lad found a way inside them, and walked presently across the roou to allow us to judge of the general effect. 'A little more rose-pink upon his cheeks,' says I, 'a rather darker eyebrow, a higher frill about his throat, a deeper shade of vermillion on his lips, and we shall have the rogue a rival to myself.' Emblem, most enthusiastic in the cause, brimful of mirth, and with a pardonable vanity in her own accomplished hand, worked out these details to the letter. A touch or two, and the trick was done. He looked into the mirror arid saw his image there, and kissed the glass to show how deeply the picture there presented had wrought upon his susceptibilities. 'A' deuced fine girl,' says he. 'Faith! I think I'll marry her!' ; 'You are wedded to her for a day or two, it least,' says L The lad made the most charming picture. Those rare eyes of his were flashing in a very eauey way; his features were alert and deli cate, yet strong, and emphasised in delightful fashion by Mra. Polly Emblem's inimitable art His clothes were very cunningly contrived, and he had a graceful ease of person that in a mea sure disguised the absence of soft curves. Be eidea,* that enormous hoop petticoat was very much iie friend, as It stood so far off from his natural figure that it created a shape of its own accord. . Lady Barbarity. ?'My dearest Prue, how are you?' cries I ?with warmth, and pretending to embrace him. 'So my name Is Prue?' he says, 'a proper name, I vow.', 'Then 'ware lest you soil it with an impro priety,' says I, disapproving highly of the way in which he walked. 'You are to impersonate my friend the Honorable Prudence Canticle. She is very fond of hymns. She thinks a lot about her soul, and is a wonderfully good young creature. But my dearest Prue, is that how Pilgrim walked upon his progress? Pray correct it, for it is indeed most immodest and unwomanlike. In four strides you have swag gered across the room.' 'All right, dear Bab,' says he, with an impu dence that I itched to box Ms ears for. 'But I do so detest these nimihy piminy fine ladies, with their affectations and their follies. There fore I remove my manners from them as far as possible. I spurn their mincing footsteps, dear. Besides, I am on the narrow and the thorny ?track, and the bigger strides I take the sooner I shall have walked across it' 'You must contrive to modulate your voice in a different key to that,' says I, his mentor. 'You must become far less roguish and im pertinent; you must manipulate your skills with a deal more of dexterity; and, above all, I would have you imitate my tone. The one you are using now is bourgeois, provincial, a »\uy L-arbai-=-ui, and an insult to ears accus tomed to refinement.' 'Lord, Bab,' says the wicked dog, 'give me a chaney arange, or a dish of tay, for I'm mar tal thirsty.' 'Prue,' says I, 'let me proceed to read you the first lesson.' CHAPTER ^X.— OF THE MONSTROUS BEHAVIOR OF MISS PRUE. To begin with, T instructed him in deportr ment. I put him through his paces with the exactitude of a dancing-master. 'Tread upon your toes, sir,' lifting up my skirts a little to show him how; 'neater and lighter, my lad. Do not put your foot upon the carpet like a hundred-weight of coals. Tip your chin a shade more upward; set your head a little backward; shorter strides and one shoe behind the other — so!' As a pupil he proved extremely apt, and in a few minutes he was giving quite a tolerable imitation of the motions of a woman of quali ty. His petticoat bothered him exceedingly, but in a little time even these troubles he over came. Once he tried a simper, and did it pret tily. Then he played his shoulders like an arch and laughing miss in a highly successful way. His next attempt was at a curtsey, but here misfortune came, as his heel caught in his skirt and he fell flat upon his back. 'The penalty of impertinence,' said I. 'As though every delicate accomplishment of Venus is to be obtained in half an hour!' He rose, however, with fine gravity and ask ed me how it should be done. It was a part of his character to let nothing beat him, and in this instance he tried a full twenty times rather than a curtsey should become his mas ter. There was one subject in which we were much exercised. How were his coat and vest to be' disposed of? The search was to be of the strictest kind, therefore no risks must be run. It was Emblem who grappled with the difficulty. Stealing to his lordship's dressing room she mingled them temporarily with his clothing, as masculine attire in that place was not likely to excite remark. This had just been done, I was still in the middle of my tutelage, and making Miss Pru dence imitate the cadence of my voice in high falsetto, when a knock upon the door startled us extremely. Emblem turned white as any pillowslip; I began to tremble and could not have spoken a word that minute for my life; but the disguised fugitive looked at me, and looked at Emblem, smiled a little, and calmly said 'Come in!' in the identical tone he had been practising. A terrible being sailed into the room; no less a person than my aunt She paused upon the threshold to gaze at the fair stranger in both dignity and doubt Unable to recall the face she screwed her gold-rimmed glasses on her nose and stared steadily down upon Miss Prue with that polite impertinence that flourishes most in dowagers. The time this manoeuvre took gave me the necessary moment to re cover myself. I seized it smiled on my aunt's bland insolence, and said: 'My dear aunt, permit me to present to you Miss Prudence Canticle, that very familiar and dear friend of mine of whom you have heard me so often speak. She shares all the secrets of my bosom, and L therefore, my dear aunt, commend her with the more confidence to yours.' 'I am charmed, I am delighted, I am sure,' says the dowager, sweeping a stately bow up on the phrase with great majesty. 'Madam,' says the lad, 'I'm infernally glad of your acquaintance.' My aunt, the dowager, was a person of too much breeding to express or to otherwise be tray any astonishment at this; but I am sure she felt it, for though she had never seen Prue, my pious friend, in propria persona, she had seen her letters, and on the strength of those epistles had held her image up before me as a paragon of gentlewomen and a mirror of the Christian virtues. I dare not look at my aunt's stern mien lest I broke out in a peal of laugh ter; but the lad, with a slight curl at his lips, and a saucy gleam within his eye, met full the shock of it, and quailed not ''Tis strange, my dear Miss Canticle,' says my aunt with that sugared fluency in which she wrapped her sourest words, 'that I had no premonition of your coming. Barbara gives me not a word of it; I have even no bint of your arrival; and so, my dear Miss Canticle, I must beseech you to take things at Cleeby very much as you may find them, and accept this for their apology. Let me repeat, my dear Miss Canticle, that I had not the ghost of an idea that we were about to be so greatly honored.' Now I was in a fever of anxiety and fear, and the face of Emblem announced similar emotions. We were at euch a disadvantage that to prompt Miss Prudence in the ordering of her speech and conduct was outside the question utterly. But 'twas little she needed prompting. For she seemed superbly at her ease, fell into fiction of the cheerfullest and most high- colored sort, without one 'ahem!' of hesitation; and contrived from the begin ning to treat her majesty, my aunt, with the most easy familiarity she could nossiblv em ploy. 'I am sure the apology should be supplied by me,' Miss Prudence says. 'I never writ Bab a word about it, did I, darling? But t'other morning my papa orders the chaise for town. I asked him would he pass near Cleeby on the way? That he would, says he. Then, says L you shall drop me down there, and faith! I'll spend a week with my ownest Bab. All this age I have not seen her.' And I believe the incredible rogue would have kissed me on the spot, as I could not possibly have said him nay, had I not drawn my face from the threatening proximity of his mouth. 'Your papa, Miss Prudence?' my aunt echoed in surprise. 'I was informed that he died five yeans ago at Paris.' I was horrified by the magnitude of this error he nad made, for my aunt spoke, alas! too truly. I might have been spared my agita tion, though. ? ' ? 'Oh!' Miss Prudence laughed, 'my dear mamma hath taken another piece of household furniture unto herself since then.' 'A what?' cries my aunt, fixing her glasses on again to cover her distress. You will understand that the dowager— dear lady!— being the product of an earlier genera tion, construed this flippant mention of so or namental an article as a papa as gross Irre verence. Yet I breathed again at the lad's ingenuity. However, he tod gone astray on another point, and my aunt was not the one to pass it by. i 'But what are you doing in the north, my dear Miss Oantiele, if I may make so bold as to inquire?' ,says she; 'for I have always been told that your residences were between Tun bridge Wells and Mitcham Green.' 'You were not aware then, madam,' re plied Miss Prue, 'that we bought quite recent ly a little place in Fifeshire?' 'Indeed!' says my aunt with interest, 'and a very charming country to be sure.' Then she turned to me and said: 'Barbara, I am come to speak to you of a particular affair. Captain Grantley has just had the goodness to inform me that he proposes shortly to have this house searched from cellar to attic, to dis cover if that prisoner is hid anywhere within it. I told him that it was a most monstrous project, and one more monstrous still to under take, as by that means our house and all its contents would be quite exposed to the mercy of his men, who being of the very scum can no more be trusted with good furniture than can a cat with a jug of cream.' 'Very true, dear aunt,' eays L 'and I trust you will oppose it.' 'I have opposed it,' says my aunt grimly; 'but the Earl, your papa, and this captain man are really most unreasonable men.'- 'Prisoner!' cried the daring rogue. 'Search the house! La! we shall have some fun, I'm certain.' 'We shall, indeed!' says I, even more grim ly than my aunt Here it was that the dowager, to my infinite relief, bowed stiffly to Miss Prudence, and re nounced the room in a distinctly disdainful manner. 'Bab,' says the prisoner so soon as she was gone, 'I consider that I have carried this off gallantly. But I fear, dear Bab, that if I stay here any longer than a day I shall prove a thorn in the flesh of that old lady. Her icy mien provokes me.' 'Prue,' says I, unable to repress the admira tion that I felt for the agile fashion in which he had crept out of a comer uncomfortably tight, 'you will either attain to the post of Prime Minister of England or a public death by hanging. There will be no half course in your career, I'm certain, for your wickedness is as great as is your wit. But you-really must think a trifle more about pious character, my dear Miss Canticle.' Now that my aunt was apprised of- Miss Prue's presence in the house, it behoved us to wear bold faces and put our trust in impu dence and the good luck that usually attends it She must be presented to the Earl, and share our daily life entirely. She must be treated as an equal, and carry herself with sustained dignity and ease; she must be nothing less than perfect in the playing of her part, else questions would be provoked, any one of which might prove fatal to our scheme. Therefore, I occupied the interval between this and a quar* ter after four, which hour I was due at tea table in the dowager's drawing-room, in scnooling Prue in carriage, etiquette, and family affairs. And I cannot repeat too often that if this lad was not by birth and training a person of the mode, his natural instinct for mummery was in itself so admirably fine that had he been asked to don the royal purple of a potentate, he would have filled the throne at a moment's notice, have looked a king and acted like one. Besides, he had this very great advantage— he had been bred to no sphere in particular, and there seemed such a native richness in his character as made him ripe for any. The keenest observation of man and nature supplied in him a course of education in the schools. Therefore his rnind had no predisposition towards any avocation. He was neither a physician nor a priest, a fcp nor i vendor of penny ballads. He was just (in my idea) an intrepid young adventurer, a charming vagabond, with enough of sense and courage in him to become anything he chose. (To be continued.) 