YcmrrDE joking. Christmas "crackers"—Ghost stories. Motto for Christinas (seasoned to suit tho taste of the gluttonous dyspeptic)—None but the brave digest the Christmas fare! Tommy Wagster: MPa, why is a plum pudding made round?" Mr. Wagster: "Per haps so that it trill go round, my boy." "" Walter: "Did Uncle Jack see Santa Claaa last night?" CarolynI guess so. They say he saw almost everything one could imagine." ' . Jones: "What are yon buying a type writer at Christmas for?" Smith: "Oh, I'm sick of having penwipers given me for Christmas presents." "Yes," said the poor little boy, "I got my stockings both full at Christmas." " What of?" asked the rich little boy. "Feet," said the poor little boy. The Sweet Young Tiling: "Have you any ; idea what you will get in vour Christmas | stocking, 3£r. Grouch?" Old Grouch j "Danno. Rheumatism,'Ireckon." "Yes, I always give Dickie a magic lan tern every Christinas." "Why do yon do\ that?" " It keeps tnr husband at home for several nights trying to make'it work?" -- Louisa coaxed her mother for an hour before she secured permission to accept Mr. Widderley's Chiistmas gift." "Well?" " And then lie didn't send her anything." " Christinas comes but once a year," said UncleEben, "but dat ortenter pur tions on de peace an' good will. De folks dat makes dem is right here all de time." Mr. Nuwcd (at the tie-counter): "Here's half-a-crown for you, my friend, if you'll hido .those nightmare ties. My wife wili be in litre in a minute to buy me a Christmas gift." The Turkey: "I wouldn't mind Christmas so much if Farmer Jones wasn't such a lover of old jokes." The llog: "What's that to your" The Turkey: "He'll stutf me with chestnuts." " Christmas tied," as the. wag remarked ai the newly-'wedded pair came oat of church." " Trying my patients," as the doctor re marked to himself, as he despatched soma heavy accounts. Peruita: " With as many admirers ns you have it must have been a rather expensive ! Christinas for you." Penelope: "Oh, no, not at all. I merely gave them each more or less encouragement." "I don't see any mistletoe hanging in tho old-time place," said George reproachfully. "Papa could not afford it this year," replied Grace coyly; " but I've got the ribbon iu my hair I used to hang the mistletoe up with." Christmas Riddle: What is the'difference between Christmas bells and Christmas belles ? Why, the former ring an indefinite number of changes, while the latter (too often) change au indefinite number of (engagement) rings. Teacher: " Can any little boy give me an illustration of the word 'grateful'?" Bright Boy: " I can, ma'ara. Suppose when Santa Cluus comes down the chimney with a lot of nice things, he should slip aud fall. That would lie a grateful." "I think pa hasn't got much money tliia year," said her little brother. " What makes you think so?" asked his little sister. wasn t right to impose on Santa Clans just because the old fellow was good-natured." " We've got to economise. Here's Christ mas coming on, house will have to .be done up, presents to buy, and lots of other things." said 3Ir. Gargoyle to his wife. "Very well, dear," replied the good woman cheerfully. "You ^ve yourself and I'll cut your hair." "Henry," said Mr. Meekton's wife. "I think that it would be better for-yon to tell me candidly what you would like to have ine irive you for Christmas." "All right," was the answer. "Would you—would you object to writing out a list of the things you think we need?" Hennypcck: "Last Christmas was tho lappiest day*of my life." Askihs: "How happiest day* of my 1 was that?" Heunypeck: " A burglar broko into the house on the previous night and stole the handsomely lithographed box of Royal Cabbagu Leafa cigars that ray wife bad bought as a present for me." "What is this I hear?" exclaimed tho careful niothc-r: " Mrs. Flightly tells me that von were kissed by almost every man at her partv Christmas night." " I couldn t help it mamma. Someone stuck a sprig ot mistle toe in mr hair, and I couldn't letoa I knew it was there while they were having so much fun out of it." Ho grew enthusiastic as he felt the touch of the'jorful season. "Signs of Christmas on cverv hand," he said. "All nature re joices. "There are the birds, and tho flowers, and the grass, and the trees " "And the shop windows," she interrupted in her m^cstive. insinuating way. But ho was liaTfwity down the steps before she could say uore. 