THT MYSTERIES OF MODERN ?MAQIO.' Far back in the shadowy past, before the building of the pyramids, magic was a re puted art in Egypt, for Egypt was the 'cradle of magic' The magicians of Egypt according to the Bible chronicle, contended against Aftron, at the court of Pharoah. The Hebrew prophet 'cast aown his rod before Pharosb and before his servants, and it became a serpent. Then Phwo&h; also ?alltd (he *rae men and the eoroerora : now fte jnagMaiu of Egypt, they alw did in like onunervnth their enoh»ntmeuta.! . For they intt'igpwn ivery man his rodani they be* osato serpents : but Aaron's * rod a wallowed up 'heir rods.* ? . The late Eobert Heller, pristidigateur, traveller ui the Orient, and soientist, once told the writer, that he had seen this -feat performed tn Cairo many times by theDer viihes. The rods aohi»lly wera eerpenU and were hypnotised to such an extent as to become perfectly stiff and rigid. When thrown upon the earth and recalled to life by sundry my«Uo passes 'tod strokes, they orawled away alive and hideous as ever. Said Hellar j-r« It w*a-in the open air that I »w this grange; feat performed. Trans* (erred to the glbomy andience-ohamber of same old palaoe, where the high roof is etip ported by ponderone stone columns painted *nth hleroMyphlos, where rows of black mat-Ma ^MlaAA ^L^. _i _ . i,k ™ ~ '™.mi?m-* B»re at you witn un fathomable eyes, Vthere the 'mise en scene* is twe-inspinng— this triok of the rods turning mto serpents becomes doubly impressive,' and indeed, to the tmfnitiated.-atrue miraole.' In the British Museum is au Egyptian papyrus, which contains an account of a magical stance riven by a oertain Tchatoha em-ankh before King Ehufu, b.o. 3766. In this manusoript it is stated of the magiolan : —'He knoweth how to bind on a head vhtoh hath been out off, he knpweth bow to make a lion follow him as if led by a rope, and he knoweth the number of the stars of the house (constellation) of Troth.' The decapitation trick isjbue no new thins, whiletne Experiment performed with the lion '-presumably^ a hypnotio feat — perhaps, iuuwb uypnouEm w- oe om. Xhe art of natural magic, theD, dates biteV to -h*'Semotest periods of antiqnitys It was an art oaltivated bylhe-Egyptian, Chaldean, Jewish, Eoman, and Grecian priesthoods, being used by them to influence the ignorant masses.. Weeping and Weeding statues, temple doors that flew open with thunderous sound and apparently by supernatural means, and nerpetual lamps that flamed forever in the tombs of holy men- were some of the thauraaturgio feats of the Pagan priesta. Heron, a Greek meohanioian and mathema tician, who lived in the second oentury before our era, wrote several interesting treatises on automata and magical applianoes used In the anoient temples. St. Hippoly tut, one of the Fathers of the early Christian Oburch, also described and exposed in his works many of tbeae wonders. ?Magio' Is divided, aoocrding to old writers on the occult, info 'White msgio, Blaeklmagio,' and 'lSeoromanoy.' Modern magic, or; conjuring, may be divided into five classes, as follow* ;— 1\. Feats of Dexterity. The hands and tongue being the only means used for the production of these illusions. 2\. Experiments in Natural Magic. Ex pedlente derived from tbe soienow, and woloh are worked in combination with feats of dexterity, the combined result constituting 'conjuring trioks.' 8\. MmW Conjuring. A control acquired over the will of ihe spectator ; seoret thought read by an Ingenious system of diagnosis, and eomettmes compelled to take a particular Airofiftnn tiw AMhl. a^IJIah. 4\. Pretdnded Mesmerism. Imitation! of mesmerio phenomena, second eight, olalr voyanoo, dTvinatton, trance, catalepsy. 6\. ILediumship. Spiritism or pretended evocation ot spirits, table-turning, rapping snd writing, roysterion- cabinets, eto. In the HIddle Ages magio was grratly in vogue, and we read strange stories of ghosts, gobunfc and gnomes In the literature of that period. Shrivelled old women were burned at the stake for the brime of witohoraf r, mows Ja their gloomy celts wreBtled with Satan £ina the powers of darkness, and grimy alchemist toiled day and night over the red fires of their furnaces, seeking in vain for the tilitmanlo philosopher's stone and wondrous elixir of life. With ihe aid oftheoonoave mirror, magiolans of the period were able to produce very fair ghost illusions to gull a oosceptible public. . fienveuuto Cellini ehronioles one in hu fasoinating autobio gratthy. Cellini, as guileless as a child in matters «* asiamae, desMng to study soroery, applied to a .filoUian priest who was a professed dabbler in the oosult art. One dark night they .repaired to tW ruins of theOoliseum, at Borne ftte tfonk described a circle on the ground and placed himself and the great goldsmith within Its mystio outlines ; a fire was built, intoxicating perfumes oast on i and aoon an Impenetrable smoke arose. T man of the oowl then waved his wand in the air, pronounced sundry oabaustio words, and legions of demons were seen danolng in the air. to the great terror of OelUni. The story of this spirit seanoe reads like an Arabian tale, but it is easily explainable. 'Ihe priest had a brother confederate oonoealed among the ruins, who manipulated a oohoave mir ror, by means of which painted images were thrown upon the smoke. Later on, Rostra damns conjured op the vision of the future King of France for the benefit of the lovely Marie de Mediois. This illusion was accom plished by the aid of mirrors adroitly secreted amid frtftyng draperies. ' r. ?.'? '- 