MUSICAL NOTES, The Inspirations that must occur to Mr. F. Eugurde, the popular conductor of the or chestra at the Lyceum Theatre, which is es- sehtlally the home of melodrama at the pre sent time 'in Sydney, must indeed be as good as cney are numerous, lor wan eucn piece staged he Is Invariably called upon to com pose new Incidental music, and to be a suc cess In thts particular a man muBt have vast experience as well as a most versatile musical mind.' Mr. Hclloway certainly has In Mr. Eu- garde a gentleman possessing these qualities, as Is shown by tlie harmonious effects that he ptoduces with his capable band. His entre notes during the past week have all been good, notably the "Festival Dance" (Vale- Lane) and the "Rip Van Winkle" selection arranged by Riviere. Tlie tuneful overture "Martha" also met with much approval; Miss Adela Verne, the clever pianist, who vi sited Sydney last summer, has met with most genuine success in England and on the Con ti nent. The majority of the European critics pronounce her to be the .best lady pianist living. Her recitals at the Queen's Hall last month . created quite a sensation In musical London. Mr. Owen Conduit, the musical director of the Tlvoll Theatre, has arranged some very good choruses during the past week, and the material help the artists receive from his septett of orchestral players is invaluable. Miss Carr-Glynn has a fine contralto voice of good quality, and nightly meets with de served appreciation, and the same may bo said of Mr. Howard Chambers, the 'basso, though we must take exception to his phras ing of the well-known song. "A Hundred Fa thoms Deep," as "A Hundred-a-Fathoms-a- Deep." The Warsaw "Courier" announces the mar riage of Paderewskl and Miss Helen Rosen in that city. May 31. at the Polish Church of the Holy Ghost. The great pianist came to Warsaw . incognito, and the marriage cere mony was performed privately, no friends being Invited to witness the. nuptials. The couple left on Sunday,. June 4, for Paderew- skl's 'estate at Rozplza Paderewsld might as welt submit. The papers are determined to marry liltn to somebody. He will save an noyance by acknowledging this latest report to be true. Dr. Hans Rlchter has finally relinquished his projected Manchester engagement, and undertakes to devote his energies to the Imperial Opera, Vienna. This result is chiefly owing to Dr. Gustav Mahler's strenuous ef forts, So that tlie charge of jealousy and In trigue brought against the latter by a section of tfie press appears as totally unfounded. Rlchter Is to have an addition of 5000 florins to his present salary of 7500, thus raising It to the pay 'of the director, Condu.ctor Mahler, -himself. . Riohter's new. contract dates from October'hext for five years- Hfe is allowed leave of absence In May and' October of each year for his EngllBh engagements, and occa sionally .a shorter conge on special request. When Gounod wrote his sacred music he always preferred suitable surroundings, and usually chose a seat) In some church or ca thedral. When he wrote "The Redemption" lie worked in a corner of Notre Dame Cathe dral, and was day after day the observed of all observers In that inspiring temple. The music for "Jeanne d'Arc" was composed not only fit the midst of religious surroundings, but with historical associations as well. Gou nod WUqte It in the cathedral at Rhelms, where tlie whole place was filled with the memory of the maid's presence. Paderewskl'a new opera will he produced In Dresden' In the early autumn, before he satis for New York. The date of his sailing has been set for October 18. Mr. Henschel's new opera, "Nubia," .which also will be produced In Dresden next year, is In three acts. The libretto 18 by Max Kalbeck, of Vienna, and Is based on a novel of the same name by Richard Voss. The work Is very elaborate, calling for five soloists, a Hoprano, mezzo- soprano, tenor, baBs, and baritone, and two separate choirs, The great scene, vocally, comes at the beginning of the third act, when p carnival in Rome is In progress. Ilda Orme,.. the. actress and song writer, horse-whipped Marcus R. Mayer, . formerly Fattl's manager, as ho was about to sail from New York on .the steamship St. Paul -on June 7\. She. claimed he kept her out of engage ments by declaring her Insane. Mayer would not remain to prosecute her, and she was not arrested. "I am snddest when I Blng," warbled the young lady tn tremolo accents. "There are ' others," murmured the young man, sotto voce. Dr. Crook, ot Stirchley, nenr Birmingham, Hied at' King's Heath Railway Station, as the result of having hurried to catch a train. The recent census of cyclists In France, vhlch has been made for the purpose of tax. a Hon. shows- that there are 303,049 owners ot heels. 