"LADY LORRIMER'S SCHEME." CHAPTER I. Fare thee well, lor i must leave thee ; llo not let the jnrtinir grieve thee, Aim! remember that tfia hest of friends roust part, must Adieu, adieu, kind friends, adieu, tvllcu, adieu. I can no longer stay with you, stay with you, I'll hang my harp on the weeping wlUowtrce, And may tue world go well with thee." This chorus of nn old Edinburgh student- Bung wan liuiug shouted nt tho top of several fresh young voices in tho old schoolroom at Corne Court. It was a dim room, looking out into tho Dutch gardon, rnthor shabby and tho worse for wear, hung with maps and suggestive of ink on floor and tablo-cloth, but it was lively enough at that moment. The remains of schoolroom ten, a meal at Ccrno Court, lay about the table, an empty jam-pot, a cake in ruins. Friiulcin lmd abdicated temporarily and disappeared. Row roigncd supremo. Iieno, tho indigenous inhabitant of tho apartment, hod perched herself on tho top of tho battered old sofa, on whoso long- Buiruring cushions Rcggy wus beating time to tho ehorus with tho ruler. Marjorio Aston sat at thu piano, trying vainly to make tho chords heard against i the voices ; her hrothor Hill stood shouting by ber side ; Cyril Erie, tho heir of Corne Court, leant against the mnntlcpieco ; and Huhert, tbe liero of tho hour, sat just buliiud tho piano, on tho schoolroom table, ooking over Majorio's shoulder. Adieu, adieu, kind friends, adieu, A DIEU !' shouted the assembled company, when suddenly, at tho conclusion of tho chorus, Rcggy, tho small boy, looked up inquiringly in the face of tho accompanist. Hullo, Marjoric, why ain't you singing 1 Hero you chaps, hero's Marjorio shirking I Sing up, Marjorio sing up.' A very sweet face, though by no means a strictly beautiful one, looked down upon thu small boy, and a soft voico answered— ' All right, Reg ; I'm all right. I can't shriek against you ail ; and besides, I ve got to play.' , ,, , i).. a .. _.wi iiiiuli Imrl unrp.trl nil over her face when Marjorio found herself dis covered. Hubert leant forward ovor her shoulder. ' Wc'vo hud enough of this, I think, Majorio, eh 1 Shall we shut up 1 This song gives ino tho blues !' Tho dark eyes were very dewy that sho turned to his, but before sho bad time to answer Bill interposed — ' Look here : let's sing that other song about tho ' Six Jolly Buffers,' ye know, and tho thingumbob jacket I' .... ' But Hubert doesn't wear a wliats-lus- nanio jacket, do you, Hubert I' asked Irene. ' That's a sailor ; Hubert wears ' ' What do you wear, Hubert V inter rupted Bill, looking up inquiringly. ' He dressed up the other night for us in his uniform. Ho was lovoly just ?' cried Irene, in sisterly exultation. ' Oh, I would havo liked to seen 1' sighed Bill Aston. . . ' So would I !' added Marjoric, twtstmg hersolf round on tho music- stool, so as to foco Hubert abruptly. ' Oh, Hubert, if you could nguin !' sho implored, 'It will be good practieo for him, remarked Cyril patronisingly from tho fireplace, with tho dignity of ail elder brother and an Oxford undergraduate, 'seeing that lio's got to learn to dross in and out of it two or three times a day, eh, Hubert, 1' . Hubert was a sliado sheepish. Ho nee led a littlo more pressing, especially from Marjorio ; and in the end Bill and Rcggy, assisted by Cyril, seized him forcible, nnd lialf carricd him upstairs to effect tho wished-for metamorphosis. When IViiulcin entered from her inner sanctum, where alio had token refuge, she found tliogirlsalono cowering over the fire. 'And where is our gallant Herr Lieu tenant 1' she asked. ' W by, Marjorio child, how tired you do look. You do to» much, child : your lessons, ze ziek peoples, zo paareesli. I ' ' Oh no, Frauleiu, I've only got a head ache,' began Mnrjorric, reddening ngnin. It's tho noise, dearie,' added Irene, toying with Marjorio's long pendant plait of brown hair. ' Wo made n fearful row. I feel quite as if I could lift up my voice and weep myself, I'm so low. Its those stupid aongs. Aha! 1 Sce-co thu con quering lie-lielie-lio-hero comes !' 'alio cried, as the door opened suddenly and all the hoys burst in, Rcggy seizing tbc ruler again, and shouting ' Sound tho trumpets, bc-o-e e-at the drums !' with an obligato nccompaniment upon tho tea-tray. Hub-Lieutenant Hubert Erie, newly gazetted to her Majesty's 200th Regiment, strode into tho room, trying hard not to feel self-conscious. Ho looked vory slim nnd young in tho tightly moulded tunic, nnd tho face which beamed down upon them all over his high collar was very boyish, despite the dark down shading his upper lip. ' Fine feathers, nliein !' Cyril could not resist saying, as lie looked up at him, in an elder brother tone. But the others lmd seized Hubert, nnd wcro looking him over, his badges, his buttons, bis facings; while Rcggy got hold of his sword, and terrified Friiulcin by lunging with it at the girls. ' Isn't lie beautiful, Marjorio T asked Irene, proudly, of the vienr'a daughter. Marjorio grow shy ami bung her head, blushing. 'Oh, Marjorio I And you might say I am when I've got into all these togs just for you to see,' added Hubert. Thus appealed to, Marjorio glanced up at iiim. 'I never saw any one in uniform before, except tho postman, you know ' ' Or the Salvation Army ' ' I think you look awfully nice,' alio added, with n twinkle. 'But I hope you feci coinfortabio 1' ' Ono for me, eh, MurjorioT laughed Hubert. ' When I'vo a elmncol' laughed the girl, who had quite brightened up now. 'You see, you boys do go on at us girls so when wo havo a now frock on I' But ho turned abruptly to rescue his beloved blade from the hands of tho boys. It must bo awfully difficult to walk about with 1' remarked Cyril. 'I wonder how many times it will throw you down, eh V jeered Rcggy, at a safo distance from his big brother. Hubert was about to go for him, when tho door opened, nnd Lady Erlo ontorcd. Sho looker! up at hor tall stepson witli an amused smile. 'Aro you awnro, dear boy, that tho dressing-gong lias gong? unless you mean to honour us this Just evening with-— — ' Oh I Lady Erlo, is it so late 1' cried Marjorio, much perturbed. 'I must fly home. I promised mother to help her with tho Coal Club accounts to-night, And Bill : whore is Bill 1 You've got nil your preparation to do, Bill. Come home lit onco 1' And sho began bidding hurried good night all round, white Bill vaulted out of tho low window, unobserved of Frauloin, and departed by way of the Dutch garden. ' Good-night and good-byo, Hubert,' Mnrjorio wont on. But he interrupted her. ' Oil i but I must seo you down the avenue, for fear of tho bogie". Mother,' ho culled after Lady Erie, as thoy passed into the ball nnd she wont upstairs, ' pacify tho pntor for mo if I keep you waiting. It s my lust niglit. And ho followed Marjorio out of the front door into tlin gioaniing of the October evening. It wns quito dim down tho avenue, and for n whilo a silence followed, a half-constrained silonco after the noiso and freedom of the house, and neither spoke. The two figures walked Bide by under the arching trees, ho so gorgeous mid clunking, and she, in her shabby frock, somewhat outgrown— n slim young form, n shade too thin for her height, but noithor angulnr nor ungainly. Marjoric found her tongue first, woman-like. ' Anything more about Smudgo, Iluliert T \ ' I don't think so, thanks. Mind ho don't get too much meat — it will spoil, his coat. Poor Smudgo !' 1 Are you quite sure you won't take him with you T ' Oh no j thoso long-haired dogs nover do in India, and Nip is enough to take I'd rather leavo Smudgo — with you, Marjorio, if you really don't mind ?' ' Mind ? i shnll lovo having him.' ' And you'll write, won't you, Murgy 1' Hor head hung down, and she hesi tated. What about Y _ ( .Auyiiiing, cvcryuiuig — muuc. 1 You won't want to hear out there you'll have such a lot of new tilings to do nnd see ' ' Won't 1 1 Only try mo, Murgy. Say you'll try moi' 'Well, perhaps-' ' Promise, Murgy, or I shall take Smudge with mo ! Promise, do. Homo won't seem so far away if you'll writo to me,' lie added, in a low voice. She looked up at him with a sudden frank glance of trust, with something in it boyond her years— something which seemed to mako her of a sudden womanly and older than ho, instead of two years younger. 'All right, Hubert,' she said, 'I'll write.' Tlioro was another silence, and thoy walked on. It was getting quite dark, and tho light in the lodge window twinkled ahead through the thinning leaves. ' And — look here, Margy : you'll think about mo, you know, when ' ' I writo to you, or feed Smudge, eh 1' she laughed. ' No, no, Margy : don't clinff,' ho went on earnestly. 'I'm quite serious, indeed I am. You are so good, Margy. Girls are so much better than men, that I think if you wcro to think of mo some times, at church, you know, or when you say your prayers, it might help a fellow to keep straight ,d'yo seo ' Tho beacon light in the lodgo window was flaring right out into tho middlo of the drivo ; before them lowered the limivv nnrlr cnite. Ho WAN lookitlB At her intently, nndjsaw that sho was hanging Iter head uneasily. ' I will — I will, Hubert,' sho answered in a half-whisper. Then she stopped still nud held out Iter hand. ' You mustn't come any further; I hear tho dinner-gong. Bill will be waiting for me at tho gate. G— gwd-byc.' She looked up nt him, and ho bent his head to her. A sudden wish camo over him to kiss her. as ho used to do when they wcro both little. Bu, as ho hesitated, all unearthly shriek, as of fifty bogies, proceed sd from behind a tree, and Bill burst out upon tliein in what ho fondly imagined to bo a most alarming manner. 1 Good-bye, good-byo !' cried Marjorie ' Come along, Bill, and don't be an idiot,' sho added, storting off to tho gate at a run. ' I'll not forget about Smudgo's meat,' she called back. Iluliert waited a moment where he stood, but, when tho gate clanged to in tho darkness, he turned round and went back up tho avenue, bursting involuntarily into whistling tho chorous : " Hang my liarp on tho weeping willow-trcc, Ann may tho world go well with theo !" ' Oh, bother that stupid song !' ho cjnculatcd, breaking into a run which loft liiin no breath for melody. When Marjorio got homo Mrs. Aston thought her a long tiinc taking off her things and coming down to help with tho Coal Club accounts. Sho little guessed that tho girl was kneeling by her bedside, sobbing as if her heart would break, while Smudge, tho brown terrier, unaccustomed to his now home, and clinging to his only friend, sat looking up at her wistfully. CHAPTER II. There was, one autumn ovening, a little dinner-party at Great Morelmrd Rectory. Canon Bucknall, rector of Great Morelmrd and canon of Idlcminstor, was a well-to- do-man, nnd rather a social power in Lonm- sliiro, nnd wns well supported by his wifo, a Loudon Lady, who had monoy. This dinner-party was to welcorao two new comers into that corner of tho country. One, Mr. Marshal!, tho new tenant of Darficld Hall, a retired Indian merchant, was nt this moment sitting on tho sofa, conversing with his hostess and another guest. Ho was a thin yellow man, speaking with a rather nffectcd accent, and wore a harassed look, as of ono who lind worked hard and got early tired out. ' And you think you will liko English country life, Mr. Marshall I' Mrs. Bucknall was saying. 'Won't you find it very quiet after Calcutta 1' added his othor neighbour, the elder and elderly Miss Gillinghaino. ' Perhaps,' replied Mr. Marshall, with nn obtrusively polished manner, which jarred somowhat with tho worn look ho could not ovorcomo. 1 Wo in India are vory sociable, you know, seo a great deal of each other — lots of horses, plenty of hospitality — Calcutta, for continuous amuscmont, comes up to London almost.' ' You wiil then certainly find Loamshiro dull,' laughed tho young lady. 'Wo vegotato here. No ono cots any rent in, or does any tiling oxcopt hunt. And thon, it is chiefly strangers who' mako up tho fields ; wo natives can't afford to keep horses us wo used to. There is very littlo entertaining, except spasmodically, about ChristDins-tiiuo.' ' I shall not mind the quiet,' returned Mr. Marshall, 1 especially in compnny of such charming neighbours as I havo already made acquaintance with,' he continued, with a bow which quito won Miss Gillingliamo's heart. ' Darfield's a pretty place, suits mo admirably. I shall hunt a little, shoot a'little, run up to my clubs n littlo ; and then, my girl Efiio is rather delicate. Sho couldn't stand tho racket of London. I want hor to havo n quiet winter in tho country.' 'Olio CLTUMMIjr Uliua HUD JUUIt OUUUU| replied Mrs. Bucknall, looking across tho room to where tho canon was conversing with a very protty, but rnthor transparent- looking littlo girl, with an exceedingly vivacious, not to say excitable, manner, and who wns prattling voinbiy. ' Quite a romantic : story. Canon Bucknall ! And good-looking, too 1 How nice of you to ask iuo to meotsueh a hero. I'm longing to Heo him I' she was saying. ' My dear young lady,' replied tho cuiion gallantly, ' tho lionhur is quito on our siiic ; nnd, as far as good looks, I can't 3uito say. Hubert Erlo has not been own in Loninshiro for tho last eight years — not since ho joined tho nrmy. After his father's .death Lady Erlo pre- fored London and hor Cannes villa to Corno Court, and poor Cyril, Cowos, nnd tho Mediterranean yneliting, to anything else in tho world. Then Hubert was much abroad soldiering. Ho was on Sir Redtnpe Martinet's staff in South Africa, and, but for poor Cyril's sad drowning, I don't suppose ho would ever havo givon up the army. But, of course, tho owner of Corne Court has duties in Loamshire, and I hear ho means to live hero a great deal now. Now I come to think of it, I don't fancy that assegai thrust ho got in the fnco at Ulundi can have improved his ' Wounded, and in battle 1 Oh, how interesting i' she cried. However, you shall judge yourself; I expect this is he,' added the ennon, as the drawing- room door opened and tho foot man announced — Sir Hubert Erie.' Eight years' knocking nbout and campaigning in hard climates hail con siderably altered Hubert Erlo from tho slim cadet wo saw in tho first chapter. His hair had thinned about tho_ temples, nnd his moustocho hod growh thick. His cheek, marked by a nasty scar, and tanned with exposure, aiid his tall figure had broadened about tho shoulders and filled out. But ho was good to look upon still, though in a different way. Eflie Marshall, devouring hiin with hor eyes, instantly came to tho conclusion that ho was quito her ideal of a hero— an ideal drawn chiefly from the novels and poetry with which her little head was stuffed. Though placed next to Miss Marshall at dinner, it was some time before Hubert Erlo had timo to observe anything more than that his noighbour was arcmarknblo pretty littlo girl, with a mass of fluffy fair hair. A curate who had token her in ongrossed Sir Hubert. It wns his first appearance in Loamshiro since his accession to tho title and tho property. There were no many questions to be asked, so mucli news to toll of all tho chnnges in tho neighbourhood sinco his boyhood. Then Miss Gillinghame, tho elderly young lady, got tho hero of the hour on to his military exnerienccs : and Sir Hubert was made, very much against his will, ' to fight his battles o'er again/ Ho began haltingly, goaded by the spinster opposite, till suddenly ho perceived that his little neighbour had torn herself away from tbo curate's conversation, and was hanging eager-eyed upon his words, her parted lips nnd flushed check making lior a very protty picture. Sir Hubert, nothing loth, turned towards her, and instead of directing his recitals to Miss Gillinghame, found it easier to talk about himself to Effio Marshall. The latter was in a seventh heaven of delight. It seemed to her that never hod a dinner-party (at her ago somewhat of a dreary infliction) passed so quickly and and ploasantiy. 'You talk liko tho heroes in books, Sir Hubert !' gasped tho girl at last, admiringly. Hubert looked a sliado annoyed. Ho hod by no means quito relished being trotted out, for ho was naturally an unassuming young man, not having boon ' born in tho purple,1 but brought up as an impecunious younger son, with his own way to make. ' I most devoutly hope not, I'm sure,' lie replied. ' I bate talking about myself, and I am afraid you have thought men most conceited sort of follow. I've only been telling you, though, things which happened to heaps of other follows ns well. We've lind so many littlo wars lately; everyone now has Been somo service.' ' Oh 1 1 dare say,1 replied Effio. ' But I've nover mot a real soldier boforc. In fact,' she added, ' I've never met anyone much.' Sir Hubert smiled. Her naivete was so palpable, her ndmiration so sincere. ' I supposo not,' bo began. ' You see, I only loft school last spring,' she wont on, ' when papa came homo from India. And I'vo been at school ever sinco I can remember almost,' over since mamma died. It's dreadful to bo so young and to have seen nothing 1' she added, in a melancholy manner. Sir Hubert laughed outright, and looked into tho little face turned up to his. 'That's a disadvantage which will cure itself, Miss Marshall. Many pcoplo ' and involuntarily ho glunc«l across the table at Miss Gillinghame. But at this moment Mrs. Bucknall gave tho signal for tho ladies to leave the table, and a rustling and pushing back of chairs stopped nil further conver sation. Effio Marshall followed tho others into tho drawing-room, nnd found herself drifted into a corner with tho Miss Giliinghames and May Trevor, nono of whom sho knew well. The threo dis cussed subjects she was not up in, indulged in jokes sho did not seo, and genoraily nodo her feci shy and uncomfortable. Poor Effio longed for tho gentlemen to come in again, and began to wish dinner parties had nover been invented, unaware all the while how the threo girlB, under a veil of assumed contempt, wore greon witli envy of hor Paris gown, and talking mental notes of it, with tho view of copying it nt homo. At last thoy camo : Mr Marshall first, buttonholed by Mr. Blayko, tho Master of the Loamshiro Foxhounds, who scented in him a now and munificont subscriber. '.Sir Hubert Erlo fallowed, Canon Bucknall ' talking to him. ' Ah yes, my dear boy 1' Efiio hears their host saying, ' you'll find n great deal of 'difference at Cerno now tho old rector 'is gono. Aston was ono of tho old school, and tho new man, Adams, is emphatically ono of tho now. It's a thousund pities tho living is not in your gift ; tho poor 'old bishop doesjsomotimcsmakosuoh mis — but there, I mustn't talk evil of dignitaries.' ' And Mrs, Aston and tho family ? I havo not had timo to go round and seo them yot.' ' Oh, the, poor thing, ns weak nnd invalidisli as usual. Thoy livo at Studloy Qrongo. . Mrs. Aston had a littlo money.' ' So I hoar ; and Marjorio, uiy _ old playfellow ? I usod to hear from Marjorio when I first left home, I remember.' ' Ha ! fiho girl that 1 Hond screwed on the right ' way. Thrown awny in Corne, I should think, though I hoar Adnmx finds hor vory useful in tho parish. Tho boy has gone abroad, engineering in South Africa, and ' ' Miss .Marshall, may I introduco my brother Arthur 1 Ho wants so to know you ;' and Miss Gillinghame loant across to Effio, and prevented her hearing any more of tho conversation. A pasty-faced youth in a vast sliirt-front loomed above, drawling something incoherent. But tho next moment someone came and sat down closo besido Effio on the sofa, and, to her intense, joy, Sir Hubort's voice sounded in her car. ' Such a wot night. Miss Marshall, nnd you have a long drive homo.' Effio looked up, flushing with pleasure. ' And how tho wind howls 1' sho replied, with a slight shudder. It's horrid !' ' Horrid for Arthur and me, who are going to get up at six to go out hunting to-morrow,' laughed Bee Gillinghame, who was a mighty huntress. ' I can't bear to hear it,' replied Effio, shivering again. 'It makes mo foci quite creepy.' ' Alclusiria— tho Wild Huntsman — witchos rirling : that sort of tiling i' asked tho curate, who was hovering round _ for such crumbs of conversation as Eflie might vouchsafo to him. Sho gavo a little pout. ' I dnro say you think mo silly,' siio replied, detecting a covert smile on tho faco of the other girls, who hod drawn up round hor when Sir Hubort appeared. ' But I can't help it ; it does make me feel creepy.' Arthur Giilinghamo actually took the trouble to luugh a littlo, ' Didn't know anyone wont in for that sort o' thing now, nw 1' ho remarked, settling his camellia carefully. Arthur Gillinghame was a young mnn who hod failed three times in his examin ations for tho army, and now lived at home, hunting a littlo, and shooting a little, and paying great Attention to his clothes nnd button-holes. 'Didn't you!' remarked Sir Hubert rather curtly, looking tho youth up and down. ' Well, I do ; I undei stand exactly what you mean, Miss Marshall,' he continued, turning to Eflie, who smiled upon hiin delighted, as on a champion. ' I felt 1 creepy ' when I saw the ghost, I know.' 'The ghost 1' gasped Effio, a sudden scarea iook coming over ncr luvarmuie face. ' You saw a ghost I' ' You don't mean it, nw I' drawled Arthur Gillinghame, fixing his eyeglass and surveying Sir Hubert as if he were a ghost himself. ' Oh, Sir Hubert, how awfully interest ing I' exclaimed Bee Gillinghame, bending forward with a suddoo assumption of interest. 'Oh! do tell us!' cried May Trevor, beaming upon hiin irresistibly as bIio considered. Miss Gillinghame smiled a littlo superior smile at him, as much as to say, ' You arc making fools of them, but I understand you.' But Sir Hubert turned away from thcin all, nnd bent towards Effio. ' Would you care to hear P She caught her breath spasmodically, lifting to him frightened eyes, and gave a littlo nod. (to ok continued.) 