WRECK OF S. AUSTRALIA \------+------- A PASSENGER'S IMPRESSIONS. (By Castaway.) As everybody knows by this time, when disaster overtook the steamer Australia she carried a crew of 24 hands all .told, and the passenger list included eight ladies, three children, and 17 members of the sterner sex. Now, I'm not much of a sailor myself, and probably wouldn't figure respect- ably on a raft, but happily our mis- adventure was not attended with the hardships and horrors commonly as- sociated with shipwreck. Indeed, cast ashore as we were in fine weather, close to the Arthur River ferry, and in the vicinity of a thriving agricultural set tlement, the disaster embraced little of the sensational element, and partook more of the character of a rough bush outing. However, I must make my -narrative a bit ship-shape, and place matters in their proper order of se- quence. The weather was fine, and everything apparently promised a speedy arrival at our port of destination when I re- tired to my bunk on the Tuesday night. I enjoyed the sound repose accorded the just, until rudely awakened by a violent shock and subsequent contact with the saloon floor. The first shock was followed by bump-bump-bump in quick succession, and then the bump ing ceased, as though the vessel had passed over the obstruction. As may be readily imagined, I soon scrambled on deck, and formed one of the group of badly-scared passengers huddled to gether for mutual comfort and protec- tion. The ladies, some clasping chil- dren in their arms, showed a fortitude that would have emboldened the most craven of men,. and listened calmly to the chief officer's assurance that the ship would be put on her course for Strahan in "a brace of shakes," what ever that signified. Anyway, Mr. Wil- son's assurance induced confidence, and, soothing the terrified children in to silence, the ladies showed the bold front of veteran soldiers confident in their ability to repel the attacks of the grim foe. Though' not much of a sailor, as previously stated, the heavy roll of the ship as she dipped bows under made it plainly apparent that it was a case of "put me ashore," as an old acquaintance of mine always re- marks when confronted by anything surprising or unpleasant. Captain Rogers quickly realised the situation, and gave orders to clear away the boats, some of the clearing being done with an axe in a fashion more charac teristic of the bush. than the ship. Four boats were eventually lowered, one getting a nasty bump or two against the side, owing to the fouling of the tackles. All this time the ship held steerage way, and stood along the coast, now plainly visible in the coming day. With the steamer still in motion, the lifeboat was manned, and the women and children safely landed on the forbidding-looking beach. The male passengers and crew followed, leaving the captain and first officer on board to pick the safest spot for beach ing the vessel. There was little time for selection and little choice on that rock-bound shore, and on came the poor crippled Australia to her last resting place, pitching bows under, and evi- dently beyond the guidance of the man at the wheel. For a minute it looked as though a small sandy patch would receive the doomed steamer, but she fell off a point or so at the critical moment, arid crashed among the rocks with hungry waves making a clean breach over her battered hull. ,When rejoined by Captain Rogers a council of war was hastily summoned to de- termine our position and devise means of communication with those likely to afford assistance. Our deliberations were, however, most pleasantly inter- rupted by the rapid approach of a horseman, in whom I recognised Mr. Wilfred Smith, a son of the popular medico who enjoyed an extensive prac- so tise at Latrobe a few years back. From this young gentleman we learned that our present position was close to the Arthur River ferry station, and within a dozen miles of the-Green Point m agricultural settlement. It was de- cided to convey the ladies-and children withoiit loss of time to the ferry house, where .the.shelter of a roof could be obtained for.the. night. A boat's crew then succeeded in boarding the wreck, and returned with many articles of clothing much needed by the poor women and children. A second ven- ture resulted in a miscellaneous cargo, including a live sheep, whose presence seemed vastly to relieve our good stew- ard, Walter Reid, his generous propor- tions marking him down as the first victim to possible cannibalism. The wreck also began to make involuntary contributions in the shape of mutton birds, candle, oil, and other matters in the line of general stores. A loud yell of ,"By the hokey! here comes 'Buffalo Bill!'" now put the whole party on the alert, as a tall, gaunt figure, strangely attired, emerged from the neighbouring scrub and advanced with strides that would have put a kangaroo to shame. The newcomer, hailed by Wilfred Smythe as "Mac.," was clad in the orthodox hunting shirt and leggings, wore a tiger-skin cap, and his raven-black scalp lock was pro- fusely ornamented with the feathers of the wedge-tailed eagle. A broad belt held a huge bowie knife and formidable tomahawk, and slung over his shoul- ders appeared a rusty arluebus of an- tigue pattern, the discharge of which must have proved highly dangerous to the man at the butt end. His eyes were black as the midnight of romance, his bearing fiercely aggressive; but the lurking smile hovering about his gener- ous mouth seemed strangely at variance with .his otherwise blood thirsty aspect. In fact, to mehe ap- peared to embody in his own person two of Dickens'smostopposite creations -Barnaby Rudge and Colonel Hannibal Chollop. A whisper from Wilfred Smythe showed that I had not gone very wide of the mark, as Mac. was described as a young fellow "who wouldn't hurt a lizard," but was very desirous of being mistaken for a pirate or a brigand. Ignoring Wilfred's salu- tation, Mac. scanned our crowd with eagle eye, and sternly asked, "if the caboodle represented a blessed circus or a bloomin' picnic?" A few words explained the situation, and the ladies' simulated fears regarding hostile In- dians brought the assurance that Mac. had "wiped the last of 'em out the day before yesterday," and that the scalp of the "Howling Wind" was dry- ing in the smoke of his wigwam. Mac. then suggested that we should strike the trail leading to the ranche of "Awful Gardner," who was repre- sented as-a retired pirate living on his ill-gotten wealth. Under the guidance of this "penny dreadful" youth, a start was made for the ferry, but his kan- garoo stride soon brought the party to a disorderly halt amid yells of "Shorten sail, Buffalo Bill!" "Come off them bloomin' stilts, young man!" "Put the hobbles on the bushwhacker!" Or- der being restored, progress was re- sumed at a more moderate pace, and we soon reached the residence of Mr. Gardner, who struck us as the "mildest pirate that ever slit a throat." ' Mr. Gardner and wife gave the party a hearty welcome, and the ladies were placed in possession of "the whole blessed shebang," as Mac. expressed it. To the rest of us a bivouac in fine wea- ther presented nothing more formid- able than had been encountered in many a fishing or shooting expedition. Here we bade farewell to our fearsome guide, who was when last sighted do- ing "sentry go" at the scene of the wreck, arrayed in the brass button coat of a ship's officer. The fate of the former occupant of that coat is a mys- tery to all save Mac., who, on his own showing, has "lifted more hair" than Bill Anthony, the Stanley barber. Wednesday had proved an eventful day, and night brought welcome repose to all save poor Mr. Wilson, the chief officer, who rode to Green Point on a horse as strange to him as the road to arrange for means of transport for the morrow. On Thursday we found ourselves in bullock wagons en route for Green Point the ladies being pro- vided with chaise carts, one of which had a driver of their own sex in the person of Mrs. Horton. Green Point was reached without any incident of moment, the ladies finding good quar- ters at the Messrs. Ford's, and the reit of us were billeted amongst the residents after the fashion of soldiers on the line of march. It was at Green Point that we heard of Captain Rogers's departure in the s. Kiaora, after placing the wreck in charge of Mr. Chester, a resident of Stanley. On Friday the caravan once more got under weigh after several false starts, and again the ladies secured the valu- able services of Mrs. Horton as charioteer. The journey diflered lit- tie from that of the previous day, save that the road was longer, and the country, if possible, more uninterest ing. The same barren, heathy plain; the same crooked gum tree, without a kangaroo or wallaby to break the monotoxny. We rode on the rough wagons till we grew stiffened, and we walked till our feet blistered; we prayed, and I -fear we occasionally "sweared," as we pictured the long striding Mac. We had one break in our journey, and that was when we halted at the residence of Mr. Buckby, and received genuine hospitality at the hands of his kind-hearted wife. Three miles further we made Montague itself, were within touch of the "Telephone," and for a time, if not unconscious, I knew no more. When I came to I found myself seated at a well-appointed table Sin Mr. T. Williams's establishment; and there was Wattie Reid, our own verit- able steward, as fresh as paint, and bearing dishes hither and thither in a way that made me imagine the events of the past three days the outcome of a hideous nightmare. But the appearance of a gigantic Montagu "spud" soon brought me to my bearings, and I got upon my blistered feet to make enquiry as to future proceedings. I found three coaches, provided by the Company's energetic agent, Mr. Plummer, and in readiness for the road to Stanley-and a mighty rough road it proved to be. It might have been more prudent to have remained in good quarters for the night, but all were so anxious to put an end to the dismal pilgrimage, that question if the ghost of Dick Turpin would have barred the way. Besides, the s. Penguin would await us at Stanley at 6 a.m.,and that determined the matter. So at 7 p.m. we were again on the road, and very frequently off it, too, if the violent lurching of the vehicles counted for anything. Well, somehow or anyhow, we reacned the half-way township of Smithton, whose reposeful inhabitants we cheered with some weird melodies. What they thought of us goodness knows; we had mighty little thought for them. The terrific hill l1ading out of Smithton, however, took all the hilarity out of us, and how we and the. jaded horses finally surmounted it is something far beyond my comprehension. The night was now too dark to see half the ob- structions in the road, but the other half made their presence felt in the most aggressive manner possible to conceive. If I cannot shorten the road, however, I can cut short this weari- some narrative, by simply adding that we got to Stanley at 2 o'clock on the Saturday morning. I also am of opinion that our disreputable band of pilgrims entered Stanley at the wrong end-sup posing the town to have any end. And from the barking and howling I should judge that there were at lowest esti mate three dogs to every inhabitant. To add to our disgust, we learned from a man, who was apparently supporting a lamp-post, that the Penguin was not expected for 18 hours. This proved to. be perfectly correct, and I never doubted the truth of the information for a moment. Our informant was not in a condition favourable to fabrication, if reliance is to be placed on the adage, "in vino veritas." But why proceed further; the rest is history, and I am uterly weary of my self-imposed narration. 