SILAS REDFERN'S DIS APPEARANCE. \- Tbe mysterious disappearance of old Silas Redfern was A serious matter for Mamie. She . had been too loving a niece aud too unsophisti cated a girl to indulge ia aBy sordid specula tion!* as to when bet uncle's money was likely to become hers. She believed that all he left behind bim would be hers some day, as in tbe ? ordinary course of nature he ought to din many ? yearn before' she did. Though be was the most ? notorious old skin-flint in that part of the . country, be was ber uncle aud tbe only living relative she had. So Mamie felt it to be her duty to lovo bim and tried ber utmost to do so, ?and to a degree she succeeded. But as for money, and his money especially, it interested . ber about as much as the price of slates or steel rails anywhere. on the Pacific slope. Indeed* it was not until ber uncle had die* appeared tbat the word 44 money ' came to have any real significance to Mamie Redfern. It was when she found herself nlone in Firdale Hall, with % maid looking to her for every thing, and. Bart Frusher, tho single labourer her uncle bad kept about tbe place, wanting eleven shillings as a lull week's wages lawfully, due to bim, that Mamie awakened. . She positively had not a shilling. She never bad had money. Living there at the old Hall, ? * . she never had wanted any; All things that were needful for her, ber uncle bad provided. They bad come in proper course, and Mamie bad grown up in tbat strong faith of childhood ' which disposes of all difficulties of ways &-\d means with tbe confident affirmation ''Father will pay,' or 44 Uncle will pay.' . Mamie re membered when her affirmation bad taken the . first form, bat for seven years past it had taken the last. She had lived with her uncle for seven years. And now tbat be had gone, she was mistress of Firdale, and poorer than her maid, who bad received a month's wages three weeks before. .Her uncle had disappeared without leaving \- ' any clue as to bis whereabouts. Mamie bad been spending tbe day with Lena Belfield at Whitethorn Lodge below tbe village. Fordyce, her maid, had gone out towards the close of the afternoon to make some purchases. When she left,, ber master, Silas Rcdfern, was walk* ing up and down tbe path which led from the back of the Hall to the road, apparently absorbed in tome matter of importance. Bub it was so ordinary a circumstance for him to walk about the Hall and grounds with that pre-occupied air, tbat Fordyce thought nothing of it, but went on ber way towards tbe village. That was tbe last tbat was seen of Siias Red fern alive. Every effort to discover bim, living or dead, \- bad hitherto failed. It was now five months since be had disappeared. There was no evi dence of his death, and there was no reason to suppose that he bad made awoy with himself. And what deepened the mystery surrounding faitr disappearauce was that no will or papers bearing upon the Firdale Hall estate could be found. Every room and box and drawer was innsacked, but no paper of legal value was dis covered. Mamie kuew that be had bad pack ages of documents. He had been in the habit of spending hours with them in a little room tvbich opined into bis bedroom on the first floor. There were, three large trunks and a writing desk in this room, and Mamie was under the impression that ber uncle bad kept tbe ? papers in the trunks. But when they came to . toe examined they were found to contain rub bish, worn-out clothing, and old bed coverings (which were dropping to pieces from old age. IThere was not a vestige of paper or parchment fin any ot them. . Not only had Silas Redfern disappeared, . . tout his papers bad disappeared, too. Everyone' believed . that he was dead, but all ?(Torts to discover bis body bad proved fruitless. Under the close scrutiny to which Fordyce was subjected, tbe girl was seized with an ungovern able terror. Tbe ideas of death, of murder, of pnkoown horrors filled ber with dread. She bicume hysterical, aad refused to stay another wight iu Firdale Hall. Her fear was contagious, ftlamie quickly caugbt it, and was cousumed (-y a seise of indescribable horrors. She, too, Ueulared that she could not remain longer at the \- Hall. It seemed to be hauuted by a lesion of evil spirits whioh pervaded its very .atmos phere. So Thomas BelGeld, Lena Belfield's father, took pity on ber, and took Mamie her f-eif to Whitethorn Lodge to spend a few weeks frvith Lena, and to see what Timo would reveal. Though' a perfect inuaceot as regards money matters and tbe affairs of business life, Mamie Redfern was one of the most popular girls for fcniles round. She was sixteen, as vivacious as a spring breeze, and the mischievous member of the Firdale tennis club. There were, at least, three fellows of the club who had designs on Mamie, but tbe only ouo ?who found her at all responsive was Walter Marston, the son of a rusticating iron merchant. As soon as Walter began to pay serious attention to her, it was patent to everyone that be was tne first and only favourite. Tbe other two suitors accord ingly stood off like honourable men, aud left Mamie to Walter. Aud from that time the village looked upon ber ae pronerly appropri ated. Those who were intimate with Waiter Maraton congratulated bim upon bis good for tune in having seoured Mamie. Those who were not intimate with bim envied him and said tbat some people were 11 always in luck's way.' No one was more oonceriied over Silas Red fern's disappearance than Walter Marston. ' It caused bim many a sleepless night, and the pri vate inquiries be instituted cost bim a con siderable amount of money. . Ho saw the awk ward position in which tbe disappearance of Mamie's uncle and tbe family papers bad left her. He determined, therefore, that no trouble or expense he could command should bo spared in the effort to clear up tbe mystery. Walter aud I bad long been fast friends. Our tasted were alike, and as our bouses were not'far apart we were frequently found at each other's abode. Besides, there was an attraction for me at The Row&ns;, the home of the Mars tons, which would have accounted for my fre quent presence there ha,\ Walter been in the Autipodes. He bad a very engaging sister, . whose name waa Alice, and by common gossip Alice Marston and 1 were to be united in holy matrimony. Be the truth of tbat ? what it might, I confess to having been with Alice Marston in the conservatory at The Rowans one lovely eveuing in July. She bad taken me iu to look ? at a vino which, under her attention, had be come one of tbe finest in the district. . I had properly admired the delicate plant, and paid Alice evory permissible compliment for bringing it into such a remarkably healthy and prolific state, when our conversation turned upou Mamie Redfern and tbe disappearance of her uncle. I noticed tbat Alice laid down tbe light pair of shears she bad taken up, und that she sud denly stood still, looking very grave. ,4 What's tho matter, Alice P' I said, startkd by the change which had come over her. 44 Clem ! Do you know what I tbiuk about it P'' She spoke very deliberately. 44 What, Alice ?' I was all attention. 14 I believe that Mr. Hedferu is somewhere iu tbat bouse. If be had made away with himself outside, they would have found bim. He's in the bouse. \ feel sure of it.' ' What makes you think so, Alice P' II l'*e thought so for a month new. One night last week I was dreaming about Mamie and the Hall. 1 dreamt that 1 saw Mr. Redfern come twice to tb« window of the little room at %he south corner. He bcckoned to me and then ' poiuted with bis right band.' 1 'Pointed ! How ? Whero P* I gasped. 44 Towurds the other side ; towards the mid dle of the house over the front entrance. I saw bim ao plainly as 1 see you, I'm euro ho is somewhere in there. D. ro you go in and see, Clem P' ' Daro I P Aye, a hundred times. But tbe place has been ransacked-very nearly that,' I said, excited by what she bad told me. t turned the matter over in mv mind, andre called every ciroumstance which bad come to light bearing upon' Mr. Redfern's movements up to tbe time of bis disappearance. The more I thought over it tho more strango* it seemed to me that, if dead, bis body should not have been found. There wr.s bo deep water any where within three miles of Firdale Hall. There were five pits which served as watering places for cattle, aad these bad all been care fully dragged; Tbe police were satisfied that Mr. Redfern's body was not in any of them. So that everything pointed to bim being above ground either alive or dead ; yet up to that time there bad not been a single clue discovered as to his whereabouts. . , The more I thought ofit, the more reasonable did Alice's supposition become that the miss ing man was still in his owu houRe. I deter mined that I would tell Walter Marston what his sister had said and ask bim to join me in a thorough exploration of Firdale Hall. 44 By jove ! look at that now ! The very same thought has been hauutiug my mind for a fort night past,' Walter explained, when I told him of Alice's suspicion. So he fell in eagerly with my proposal to explore the Hall, and we arranged to do so on the following morning. Firdale Hull was a plain, substantially-built place standing in its owu grouuds, about 200 yards from a road which led into the main road a little to tbe south of Firdale village. A row of trees shielded the upper part of the Hall from observation, and left its only architectural feature in view from tbe road. This waa a pillared portico before tbe front entrance, which served to relieve the monotony of tbe plain red brick front. Except for tbe singing of tbe birds, the place was as still as tbe grave when Walter and I walked up to tbe front door. Wo had quite five minutes' fumble each before we coald get the rusty key properly into the lock, as the front door had not been opened for nearly three months. Old Mrs. Corkbill, who spent two days each week in tbe housodusting andattend* ing to the furniture, used a small aide door to eutor and leave. We, however, decided that we would enter by the front, as we thought tbe place would be all the sweeter to ourselves if we set the large front door wide open to admit tbe air. Hew still everything was i Not as muchas tbe scratching of a mouse could be heard as we stood ia the Grab room on the ground floor. For a moment we remained perfectly motionless, paying a kiad of involuntary deference to tbe place which bad beeu the home of Mataie Red fern, The' old pictures upon the walls were too faded fortheir subjects tobe distinguishable, for Silas Rcdfern would 'as soon have thought or giving his life us of speuding money upon fur bishing up what be regarded as useless incum brances. He had not placed1 them there, but many atimehehnd bemoaned tbe folly of those who bad squandered gobd money over doing so. We wenttbrongb the house from ground floor to rosf. Every .room we could find was care fully examined, and every box or article of furni ture which could have contained as much as the body of a child was subjected to a scrutiny so thorough tbat we would have risked our lives upon its completeness. There was one thing which had. sent a chill through me the moment- we reaohed tke top of the stairs leading to the first floor. I had de tected a peculiar odour which my mind im mediately associated with the body of Silas Redfern. Walter did not notice it, so I put it down to fanoy. Our search was fruitless. , I proposed that we should go outside again and take auotber good look at tbe .house. Walter readily absented, so we went to the ball and then out by the front door, which we bad left open. We stood back on the grass beyond the gravel walk to obtain a better view of the frontage. 44 Alice said that in her dream he came twice to that window, and pointed to the middle of tne house over the front entrance,' I remarked, as we stood vainly looking for some clue. 44 That would mean somewhere about the' stairs,' Walter answered, knitting bis brows as if thinking bard. 44 Tbe stairs, eh ! There might be something in that. Let us go and have -another look rouud,' I said, a vague, uneasy feeling coming over me. We went from bottom to top of the house, and examined every landing, with the same result as before. 44 Well, we may give it up as a bad job(' said Walter, as we slowly came down on to tbe first floor lunding, 1 bad just stepped on to the landing, and turned to go along to tbe first flight of stairs. I was on the point of assentiug to Walter's re mark, wh&n; my eye caught sight of something which aroused my curiosity. It bad never struck me before, and Walter had evidently not yet noticed tbat between the wall and the stairs we had just come down and the nearest wall of the room which stood next to the stairs on tbat side, there was a short length of wall measuring about four feet and forming tbe side of the landing. It occurred to me that I had never seen any thing in the room on either side of the stairs corresponding with the short wall, nor yet with tho width of tbe stairs themselves. 1 should have expected to find a deep closet or a small room under tbe stairs, but I could not recall haviug seen a trace of either. I 44 Here ; come back 1 There's something I'm ' not satisfied about,' I said, turning back to the room beyond the stairs. I examined the wall closely. It had an old paper on which was un broken. There was no indication of any room or recess running under the stairs on that side. I went back along the landing iuto tbe room I on tho other side of tbe stairs. It, too, was | papered. I ran my hand over tbe side nearest | the stairs, but found nothing to excite sus picion. The paper was jotact, and the wall | seemed firm euougb when tapped, by my kuuckle. I 44 What on earth are you after P' Walter asked. He bad looked on blankly while I passed my hand over the paper of the wall. 44 See,' I said. 14 From the far side of the stairs to this wall is about seven feet. Tbe wall runs that way about twelve feet. What's in between the two walls ?' 44 The stairs,' be answered, simply. 44 Nonsense ! ? They don't take up a third of it. There's space. They don't build tnelve by-sevea of solid bricks. I want to know what's in there,' I said, excitedly. We went backwards and forwards from one room to the other, but no trace of an aperture could we find or any mirk which would indicate a possible opening. Here was a mystery, but one I was determined to solve if I had to briog in workmen to break through the wall. We went up the stairs and along the upper landing, but still there was no trace perceptible of nuy opening I was more than ever cou. vinced, though, tbat uuder and beyond these stairs layenougb space to form a nmallchamber, and I meant to get into it somehow. I was ou the point of leaving the place with the intention of brioging back a bricklayer, when an idea occurred to mo. doing to tbe top of the stairs, I came slowly down back* wards, grasping each step as 1 came, and trying to raise or dislodge it. Not a step moved. I got to the bottom and grasped tbe edge of the lowest step. I was exasporated at the failure of my last scheme, and gave a vindio* ' tive tug at the woodwork. ? To my consterna tion, half of the flight of stairs seemed to dis appear, and I fell forward into a yawning cavity- where an instant before the stairs had been. Walter saw. me fall and beard my shout, and tried to drag me back, but tbe momentum I bad attained through the jerlc I bad given at the step carried me away from bim. Before be could make a second grab at me I had strack a floor, but, beyond' the feeling of tbe sharp con cussion, I was unhurt. I rose quickly to my feet and looked before me. I was in a narrow and dimly-lighted room. Looking round I Daw that tho stairway was still open, and that tbe lower half of the stairs was somehow suspended upwards. 14 Come in ; there's a good floor ; we shall Gad something here,' I said to Walter. He stooped and came in to where I stood. Then we slowly advanced towards tbe end of tbe ohamber* We bad only made three steps forward when we simultaneously stopped and gripped each other. At tbe end of the chamber stood a huge chest, the massive lid of whioh we could see I waa raised about three inches. In frout of tbe ohest, kneeling by it, was a human form, its bead and shoulders being bidden by the heavy lid whioh bad closed down upon them. One glance sufficed to convince us tbat the mystery ot Silas Redfern's disnppearauce was solved. We knew that the kneeliug form, trapped, as it were, by tbe ponderous lid of tbe chest before us, was the mortal .remaios of Mamie's uncle. . We advanced to the chest and raised the lid. Then we drew back the distorted form, crooked like the letter S and rigid as steel. It fell heavily on to tbe boards with a thud which nearly unnerved us. The ohest was one of tbe massive old fashioned structures of heavy, irou bands, bolts, and solid oak, such as are met with in old country churches as depositories ' of parish rolls and registers. It was nearly half fall of documents, and contained three small bags 'in which were £297 in gold, Everything was clear as we lobked at that huge box and then at the orooked form before us. The room was the spaco under the stairs aud between the other two rooms.Tbe only entrance was that by which we bad come. To enable it to be used, the lower part of the stairs bad been made to raise upward, a counterpoise being attached at the upper end beyond the bar which Berved aa a pivot for it to swing upon. It was this counterpoise which caused tbe steps to remain suspended in tbe air after I bad first jerked them up. Such light as there was in tbe room came down from a little barred window in the . back wall of tbe bouse, whioh we afterwards found was hidden from outside observation by a skeleton pigeon-cote without a roof being suspended in front of it, but sufficiently far from the glass to allow the light to enter . All the deeds of the Redfern properties were found arranged with scrupulous care in tbe chest wo had discovered. Silas Redfern had used tbe chamber as bis secret room, and bad evidently taken the opportunity of Mamie and Fordyce being away from the house to enter it for the purpose of examining some of the papers or of adding more gold to bis rtore. Tbe lid had evidently fallen down upou him and stunned him, and-be bad sunk forward into tho chest to be held by tbe cruel grip of tbe lid until death first, and then we, released him. Mamie was legally entitled to everything. Neither she nor Fordyce had auy knowledge or suspicion of theexistenceof tbe secret ohamber, and what we told them about, it made it im possible for either of them tu live again In Fir dale Hall. t In twelve months Walter Marston led Blamie to tbe altar, and then took her to the new bouse half-a-mile below The Rowaus, where Fordyce joined ber agaio. Firdale Hall remained untenanted, and gradually sank into decay. . It is now used as a granary and for stabling, and tbe simple folk of tbe district aver tbat at times a figure may be seen at tbe ruined Window at the south corner, and tbat it in the ghost of Silas Redfern. 