SUIT OF OLD CLOTHES. By Detective McGovan, Every one in Edinburgh knew Mr Jacob West, if not by name at least by his peculiar and old-fashioned style of dress. He wore a very broad-brimmed hat, made especially tor nun, aaarxgreen coat with brass buttons, a waistcoat of shepherd tartan, dark trousers, and light gaiters, and this costume he never varied, summer or winter. When he walked in to the " reception room " in the Central, therefore, and asked for me I promptly turned to him and laughingly said ; " Good-morning, Mr West — you are the last man I should have expected here." "Right, Mr M'Govan 1" he promptly responded, with a look of relief. " Now, before 1 say a word to yon just tell me if you thirk I am a madman or one who could do a thing without knowing be bad done it ?" I hesitated, for though I had no doubt as to Mb sanity, I nevertheless thought him, like most old bachelors, a little eccentric. He was a clear-eyed man of 55, clean-Bhaven, and grey-haired almost to whiteness, with a quick and decisive style of speech which gave the idea of a mind equally ready, but there is no say ing what a person living alone may do, so I shuffled a little. " I think yon are no more mad than I am," was my reply ; " but that may not be saying much, for Mrs M'Govan has often hinted that I am not quite right in the head." " Humph 1" he emphatically grunted, " juBt like these detestable women — with them it's always the man that's mad, never themselves — and it's so in this case. My housekeeper, after being with me for ten years, has robbed me— yes, sir, robbed me, and now coolly adds insnlt to injury by saying that I did it myself I — myself !" he added, stamping about in a rago, and thumping the floor with his silver-topped cane. " That's where the sting comes in ; that's what has roused me and brought me here. 1 might have borne the robbery, but not the insult — oh no, not the insnlt !" "Begorra, ye're right there, sor!" M'Sweeny hastened to observe with a sig nificant glance at me. "When another man thinks he's better than you it's time to strike out and not lave him a feather to fly wid." "All my cups and coins and Queen Anne silver gone, with my King George medal, weighing about four ounces 1'' groaned West, taking no notice of my chum's remark. "I would rather she had taken £200 —they were worth more to me. But you will get it all back for me, Mr M'Govan — they say you are very clever — and I believe the very sight of you will scare her into confessing and dis gorging. It is quite impossible that I could be at the theatre and at home carry ing off my own property at the same time, isn't it ?" "Yes, unless you have a twin brother who dresseB exactly like you," I laugh ingly replied. " I have not a relative in the world," he promptly assured me, "and no. one dresses like me, so tbe woman's statement iB absnrd. Here is a list of the things taken so far aB I can remember them," and he produced a closely- written paper nearly as long as my arm, and handed it tome. "If it were an ordinary thief I should say that yon might try the anti quarian dealers for the plunder, but I feel Bure that my housekeeper has it all stowed away in her trnnk." " Faith, that's what I think too, yer honor," emphatically observed M'Sweeny. " Them women is shlippery craturs, and always does the tiring ye don't expect ov them — when ye luck for a kiss they gives ye their nails, and when ye lack for their nailB, sure, they falls on yer neck and kisses ye all over." " Then by your reasoning the woman must be innocent," sharply returned West. M'Sweeny looked ; staggered, but promptly answered : "Divil a bit of reasoning in it, yer honor, except that I think the Jezebel guilty." " Did she look guilty when you accused her V' I said, for my suspicions ran in another direction. "No, thatfs the mystery to me," re turned West. " I was amazed at her persistence, and made her go over her story again and again, and it never varied. She says that about an hour after I went to the theatre — that is about eight o'clock —I came back and rang the bell and was let in by her, carrying a carpet bag in my right hand. I never do ring the bell, by the way, but use a latch-key, so that's her firat slip. I walked straight in, -without speaking, she says, and she went back to the kitchen. She heard me moving about In the parlor for a little, and then heard me go towards the front door, and came to the kitchen door to look out. I was just going out with the bag in my hand, packed full as it appeared, and she said, Will ye be long out?' but I banged to the door without answering, and never appeared till nearly twelve o'clock. Did you ever hear such a cock and bull atory ?" " Did she say anything about it, then ?" I asked. Not a word, and as I had had supper I did not happen to go into the parior till this morning, when I found my curios all gone — except the copper ones — confound her ! except the copper ones — thev were all left." " I should like to see this woman," I said, as he concluded. " Begorra, so would I," added M'Sweeny. " I'd not be half an hour wid her before Pd "soothe her out of the secret." ' -"Well, you shall have your chance" I said, with a laugh, ." should she not con fess when I go out." Thus settling the method to be fol lowed, I took down the list and accom panied West back to his little cottage at the Sciennes. It was but a four-roomed house .with a tiny garden in front and a small green behind, but I noticed that the case in which the curios had been kept conld be seen quite well from the street outside. Some brass and copper articles, though really as valuable as the silver oneB, had been carefully shunned by the thief, thus proving that he was not a collector but a very ignorant criminal, with an eye only to the melting-pot. I had the housekeeper called in, and have to confess that her appearance rather pleased me. She was a plain- looking woman of abont 45, but had nothing secretive about her expression . ' - 4. ' - v . - . i i and she repeated the -story of the rob bery exactly as her master stated it to me at the Central. " How did you come to admit a stranger without question in your, mas ter's absence?" I quietly asked rks she concluded, when her face flushed -up4 in dignantly." "I didna admit nae stranger," Bhe sharply answered. " It was Maister West I let in." . - " But— but,, my . good < woman,? . I gently persisted,, raising my hand to stop a fundus burst from West. "Do you not see that it was quite impossible that your master could be here and in the theatre at the same time ? He went there with a friend and had Bupper with the same man, and was not near the house till nearly midnight ; besides, it was dark at eight o'clock, so you must have been mis- td)l6Q , ' "Dae ye .think I'm daft?" said the housekeeper angrily. " It could only be" him or his ghost, and-I'm nae believer in ghosts. . Nobody else is dressed like him." : . Bather an awkward pause ensued, then I mustered courage to say : "I suppose you have no objection to my seeing what you have in your box ?_" " There's the key — I want ye to search through it to clear 'my character," she very promptly answered, with an indig nant look at her master, and as she tossed down the key, which she had been holding ready in her hand, I mentally whistled for the plunder, for I certainly did not expect to get it in her trunk. We went in solemn silence to her sleeping place, and Bhe pointed to the box, which I opened, while her master stood looking on with great eagerness. There was a good stock of dresses and other clothing, and a bank-book containing entries to the amount of nearly £60, bat not a trace of the stolen curios. I searohed every pocket and also the pockets of some dresses hanging close by, and then retnmed the key. I then as carefully searched the whole house, and also the garden and green, but in tbe end waB convinced that tbe plunder was not in either. When I was finished West followed me to the gate, and anxiously inquired what I thought. " Well, I confess I am puzzled ; but I am inclined to believe that woman inno cent," I soothingly answered. He gave a fierce grunt, and turned away in a rage. ' What's the name of that other detec tive I saw at the office ? " he snappishly exclaimed. " Bernard M'Sweeny." " Humph, he's a much cleyerer detec tive than you ! " " He is not without cleverness of a kind," I politely answered, " and he often succeeds best where he blnndera most.' " Ay, let him have a chance to blunder in this case, then," grimly ordered West. " I want some blundering of that kind. You are far too clever for me." " I do not feel any cleverer than other folk, and never profess to be," I wearily replied. " All that has been said to the opposite effect has been said by others, who probably know nothing abont it. I rather think thiB is a case of clever im personation." " Bosh 1 No one could peraonate me," he gruffly answered, and he snatched off hiB huge, Quaker-like hat and added, "There's not another hat like that in Edinburgh. I get them made to order." " Like enough, but the man who could supply you could supply one of my bairns," I smilingly answered. "If you were a thief and stood here looking in at that case filled with silver and gold, yon would not let the want of a hat stand in the way, wonld you ?" He seemed staggered, and abated his wrath a little, and finally took me to a hatter in the centre of the city, from whom we learned that he at least had supplied no one with such a hat as that worn by West, and all the other hatters we tried made the same answer. Oat of pure contrariness M'Sweeny persisted in believing tbe housekeeper to be the thief, and insisted that Bhe was only feathering her own nest before leaving, and he seemed to be confirmed in this opinion by the fact that she had that morning given West notice that she would leave his Bervice at the coming term. M'Sweeney also gave it as his opinion that he himself was capable of worming the secret out of her in half-an- honr, so we decided to give him a chance. At my request, Mr West wrote out a note to the housekeeper, which he handed to M'Sweeny, and which read as follows : — " Dear Sir, — Please call on me on Friday night abont 8 o'clock. If I should be out, wait till I come. J. West." " I shall be out till ten o'clock," said the bachelor as he handed over the note, "which will give you two full hours to do the work." "Faith, less would he miles too much," said M'Sweeny, whose confidence in his power of bewitching the fair sex will never leave him on this side of the grave. "If any mortal man can multaver the secret out of the Jezebel it's me." " Do so, and you Bhall not be without your reward,' was the grateful reply, and though West had been so short with me, it gives me pleasure to record that in that saying, at least, he proved a true prophet. The futnre, however, is a sealed book to most of us, so M'Sweeny went to the Sciennes that night with a light Btep and an exultant heart. There was no other servant in the house, so the door was opened by Jane Shepherd, who looked at him very snspicionsly, keeping the door on the chain. " I've called to see Mr West, and I'm to wait if he's not in," M'Sweeny began, fixing her with his fascinating eye. " He's no in," said the housekeeper, dubiously. "He said a gentleman micht call, but he said naething aboot a man like yqu." " Sure, me darling, can't a jewel-case- maker be a gentleman," said M'Sweeny, still keeping his eye hard at work. " I'm to make a jewel case so strong that thaves can't get at hiB treasures, but by the core of my heart there's oue jewel here that I'd like to carry off wid me though I am transported ever after," and his hideonB smile and red mat of hair and bristles did their usual magic, for the woman softened and simpered and began to undo the chain of the floor. "Then you're a thief in- disguise?" she said, pretending to be still doubtful of him. "I'm not, but, begor, I'd like to be, wid you for the jewel," he said, with en thusiasm. " But I'm thinkin' ye're too well off here to take a place as house keeper. for life to a dacerit jewel-case maker." "On, as to that," said Jaue, with a screw of the mouth, "this place is nae thing to brag o', and, though Tm 30 past, there's nae saying what micht happeri'if that auld deevil o' a' maister keeps up his tantrums. 'HeVdaft, fair daft I and aye the aulder the waur !" " Ye don't say so, me jewel ?" sympa thetically responded McSweeny, and, , as he was now within the lobby, he took ad vantage of her shotting the door to kiss her very neatly. She screamed a little, of coarse, and slapped his face with some energy, bat to a case-hardened sinner like him that was nothing, and they passed on towards the kitchen the best of friends. She was- 45 If she was a day, but 4 woman is never so old as to give np thinking of marriage, or to doubt its boing better than a single life, and this one hailed this visit as a perfect godsend under the circumstances. McSweeriy was not a beauty, but he was big and strong, and that was a good deal to a woman who had not been run after for 15 years. " There's yonr master's letter, me dar ling," he said when they reached the kitchen and got comfortably seated, " and the longer he keeps away the hap pier I'll be," and he khsed her again, and was less resisted than before. " Ye're jist jokm'," she poutingly re marked, " and men are such deceivers." " Some - may be, me darling," he promptly admitted,. " but I'm not wan of that kind. I never kissed a woman in my life before, and I couldn't keep from it this time if I'd been shot far it !" " Get awa' wi' ye 1 Ye never saw me before," cried the housekeeper, affecting to scout his story, but in her heart be lieving every word. : 'Haven't I ? Begorra, fifty times— washin' out the dure steps there and eingin' like a lark in the. dews of the mornin'. Sure when I saw your white arms, tared to the elbows, workin' at thim steps, I lost me heart entoirely, and says I to meself says I, 'That'b the lass for yon ; ye'll niver know a minit's pace till ye get that wan 1" "Eh, ye're. an awfu' man l"%Bhe pro tested, in a flutter ot pleasure. "I'm sure I'm rael ugly 1" < - "That's a matter o' tasteVme jewel — ye're a beauty to me, and that's every thing, "said- McSweeny, with an inward writhe, as he palled on a look of rapture, and in this way he filled up a good half hour till the housekeeper so far unbent as to produce a cold joint left from the dinner arid some bitter ale, which she set before him, and which McSweeny had no scruple whatever , in wolfishly devouring. While he feasted and drank, Jane poured forth an account of the strange robbery, and McSweeriy waB surprised to find that it tallied in every detail with the account already given by her to her master and me. "If he gangs on that way muckle longer I doubt I'll no be long here," Bhe said, with a suggestive sigh. " I've saved a pickle siller, and I'm no behauden' to ony -master." ? " Och, don't begin spakin' that way, for it's as good as sayin' ye'll tarn up yer nose at a poor man like me !" cried McSweeny, between his huge mouthfuls, with an attempt at a heartbroken look. "Maybe ye think I want somebody able to furnish a house for me ?" " Houfc, ye're nae better nor yer, nee- bors," Bhe playfully responded, with a tug at his red bristles, "and £60 wad gang a gey length in furnishing." McSweeny's . jaw fell a little. If £60 waBall Bhe possessed, what had she got for the £200 worth of enrios stolen from her master ? He began to think that Bhe was deeper than he had given her credit for. \ "Sixty pounds 1 Sixty gold sove reigns 1" he exclaimed, with forced rap ture. "Me jewel, it's a fortune!" and he stopped gorging to give her two greasy kisses. "Aye, and there's maybe mair than that," she said, with drooping eyes and a soft blush. " Ye don't tell me so," said McSweeny, now certain that he was onlthe point of getting at the information he sought, and be bo far denied himself as to push away his plate and get his arm round the gentle gazelle to encourage her to confess. " What might it be now, mavonrneen ?" 41 Hi, hi ! I dinna like to tell ye," .she coyly giggled. 44 It was some presents I got ance when I was — was thinkin' o' get- tin' married." 41 More power to ye 1 Maybe it was gold and silver?" Boftly suggested M4Sweeny. " Oh, better than that 1" she blushingly whispered, with her head sinking on to his manly coat collar. 44 Good for you !" he rapturously re sponded, though he thought that nothing could be better than gold and silver, especially in the form of curios. 44 Ye needn't bo keepin' it sacret from me, darling." 44 It's blankets and sheets," she Blowly confessed. 44 and — and — I dinna like to tell ye." ' Sore, ye must tell me, or how can I trust ye ?" he pleaded with several kisses and hugs. 44 Well, it's — it's a cradle 1" she hlnrted out at last. M4Sweeney gave a horrible start, for he was terribly disappointed, but managed to conceal hiB chagrin sufficiently to say, in a suggestive tone— v 44 Sure, a cradle's very usefnl in its way, bat iB there anything in it ?" He meant, of course, the stolen curios, but the housekeeper's thoughts had been elsewhere, for she indignantly started back and said — 44 What dae ye mean, sir ?" 44 Nothing, me darling — nothing at all ; but I thought that maybe there might be in it a little treasure, as a body might say——" He did not get the blundering"sentence finished, for Jane had started np and edged towards the sink, in which was a basin of diBh water. 44 And ye tak' me for ane o that kind, dae ye ?" she cried, in a shrill tone. 44 A. treasure .in it — a wee treasure !" and before. M4Sweeny could stammer out a word of apology she snatched up the big baBin of dish water and dashed it into his face. 44 Me sweetest jewel, it's all a mis take !" he roared, staggering to his feet puffing and blowing, and trying to get the horrid staff out of hiB eyes and ears. 44 The treasure I- meant ' was gold and silver things, like thim .that was tuck from your master." 44 Oh, that's waur 1 then ye' tak me for a tkief, dae ye _?" she screamed, and then she ran at him and tore out a big handful of his red hair, and at the same time deftly removed some strips ot his face with the nailB of the other - hand. Retaliation was impossible under the circumstances, so M4S weeny madly groped for the door and made a dash along the lobby. The outer door waB, closed, and before he got it open the enraged woman had made another terrific wrench at his hair, which nearly dislocated his neck. Then he got out into the open air, and had reached the gate before he remem bered that he was hatiess. He hesitated for a moment whether he would go on without a -hat or turn back and face the housekeeper, but while he stood in donbt the door .opened, arid his hat. came spinning out into his face, and then the door closed with a bang, and was doable- locked and chained from within. 44 Tare an' ouns, but I don't envy the man who gets her," was his sage comment as he picked up his hat, and smoothed ont its creases. 44 Begorra, a little of that goes a great way !"; and he sadly returned to the Central to report 44 no progress." : A day or two later I was in a broker's shop in the Cowgate looking over some soft goods which he had just bought when in turning out the things a single Bilver coin rattled on to the floor. I took it, and finding it to be an ancient one I asked where he got it and why its purchase was not entered in his books. He professed to know nothing about it, but when .1 threatened to take him with me he ad mitted that he had bought it and. some more from a man named Dave Diamond. Diamond I knew to be a smart thief, who on that account was known as 44 The Cutler," bat the mystery was as far as ever from solution till I found that Dave was living with an old man who made his living by baying old clothes, and in hunt ing up that, old man I unexpectedly mm a upon a clue to the secret. The old clothes man lived in a ricketty land in the Horse Wynd, and taking M4Sweeny with me and planting him at the bottom of the stair to prevent mistakes, I went up to interview " The Cutler." That was at about eleven o'clock in the morning, and of courae, Diamond, having been drinking hard the night before, was still in bed, and I had him handcuffed before he was properly awake. Iri orie corner was a great heap of old clothes which the old clothes man claimed aB his lawful property, and amongst them i found a complete. Buit and a large hat, rather shabby and worn, bnt identical with those used by Mr WeBt. When I questioned the old man. as to how these articles came to be in his possession, he swore that he had bought them in the ordinary coarse of business from West's housekeeper; and -this statement was afterwards proved to be correct. . I helped 44 The Cutler " to dress, and in doing so relieved him of one gold medal, weighing above four ounces, which' he had not had the heart to part with, and that was identified by Mr West as his property. Diamond at first disclaimed all knowledge of the heavy gold piece, which, he asserted must have been slipped into Iris trousers' pocket by Borne evil-disposed person, but a few questions to the old man elicited the fact that on the night of the robbery Diamond had gone . out masquerading in West's old Bait and hat, with the addition of a grey wig borrowed from Gile's show ; bo he thought better of it, and confessed wheta he reached the Central. Through his confessions I was able to recover more' than two-thirds of tbe stolen curios, and West, when he got the heavy gold piece taken fromDiamond's pocket, al most wept with joy. I have certainly seen a recovered loBt child cause less emotion. In consideration of his con fession Diamond got off with six months' imprisonmerit. M'Sweeny got off with some valuable experience, and though he was invited back by West's housekeeper, he only shuddered and shook his head. 