The Hove list tcoi'Yiutnii'.) IN THE WAKE OF FORTUNE. AH AUSTRALIAN STORY. IVAN DEXTER, CHAPTER XXIV.—Continued. Barr lifted a half-finishod letter from under a sheet of blotting paper, Ii was the letter he had been so engrossed in when startled by Edward’s Toioo. As the latter glanced at it he saw that it was addressed to his mother, and contained a full account of the tragie death of her “Another day and you would have been too late to stop that,” Barr said, in a husky “ It would have killed her. Thank God I was in time.” “ In one hour I can go home with you, if you care to wait. If not, you know where the house is. I have several letters from home for yon,” Barr Bald. “ Oh, I can wait for an hour, I assure you. I have bean well schooled in waiting lately,” smiled the young man. lsarr, however, dni not put him to the ordeal of waiting even the hour, for in half that time they were speeding in the Essen don train towards the former's home. “ They think you are up aloft," whispered liarr, as they neared the house; 111 must go first and let them know the truth, or they v. ill perhaps object to my bringing a ghost home with me.” In a few minutes he came to the gate with Mrs. Harr at hiB side and beckoned Treno weth up. Mrs. Barr’s greeting wbb a cordial one, foi she looked upon him as one renlly risen fiom the dead. Before he was allowed to shut himself up with his letters, his host insisted upon his having lunch, and, that over, he made hastily for his room and opened hiB budget of letters. He took them according to the dates on the envelopes, and thus he had a consecutive history of events in St. Coltimb’s Core. The letters from Inez were of an affec tionate character, but the later dated ones were mostly written by his mother. The last one he had to open was very voluminous, and ho found that it was dated from St. Coliirab’s Cove, on the 5th of Sep tember, 1871, and from his mother. It was as follows:— ‘ My deareBt Son,— “ It is only a sense—a very strict sense —of my maternal duty to you which impels me to send you the information contained herein. Knowing me as you do, you can well believe me when I say that I would rather be in my grave than be thus forced to iullict the pain which I know this will give you. " Not to keep you in suspense, 1 may as well tell you at once that Inez baa proved unfaithful to you (oh, tuat I should live to have to say it 1)" Trenoweth put down the letter at this juncture aud stared vacantly at the wall in fjent of him. Tuu news was so sudden that it fell upon him like a thunderbolt, Inez unfaithful 1” He had never even reckoned on the possi- ; bility of such an ending to bis love drenm. The awakening was a rude one. For twenty minutes he thus sat, and then, Blowly lifting the fatal letter, he began to read again. "It is aB well that yon should know the whole story that it is my painful task to tell to you. I begged Inez to do so, as it was her duty, but she refused. “ In the beginning of June two strangerB —tourists—made their appearance at Bt. Coltimb's Cove. They were staying near Tintagal and spending the summer along the Cornish coast. On the 4th of June our friend Edwards droTe them over here and, being visitors of some distinction.he brought them to our houBe. On learning that they were from Australia, 1 gave the heartiest welcome, for I thought I might pussiblv learn something of my beloved son in that far-oS land. “Inez wbs at home, of course, and we entertained them for the greater part of the day. They said they were what in Austra lia were called 1 squatters ’ and both Inez and myself were so interested in their de scriptions of the region you are now in that we probably prevented them seeing many of the points of interest in the neigh borhood. " To remody this, I asked them to pay an other visit, and arranged to get Bengelly to «ct aB guide for them. " They readily consented to this, and three days subsequently Charles Simpson and John White—for such were the namci they gave—again visited Bt. Colurnb. “ I die. not notice that either of them paid more attention to Inez than might bs expected under the circumstances ; and, ai their general bearing was most gentlemanly and respectful, I had no idea that anything would happen from the visits. X miglit fiay, that on the hrst visit I told Charles Sirapeon of the intense interest I felt in Australia through my only child being there, I further soid that Inez waa your betrothed. “ I did this bo that there could be no pos sible misunderstanding; but at the time I had no idea that Inez was likely to prore fickle. “ On several other occasions the tourists paid visits to St, Columb ; but, as there are bo many places of legendary interest to be Been, I did not attribute the slightest im portance to the visits. “ On several occasions, I now recollect, Inez was away from home for two or three hours at a time; but, as she waa in the habit of visiting the villagers, as you know, I could not be expected to connect her ab sence with the Australian tourietB. I after wards learnt that,at least twice, Bhe went to meet Charles Simpson. '• At tbe end of two months I began to notice a change in the demeanor of Inez, She seemed dissatisfied and irritable in an unusual degree, and her absences were mote numerous and more prolonged than before. " I bore with it all until one day the truth was most unexpectedly revealed to me by old Peggy Penhaven, who nursed you, and who has loved you like a second mother. “The gout! soul crime to me as a soil o | accredited messenger of the villagers to let in. know that all was not right—Inez Jas per was almost daily in the company of one of the visitors who bad lately driven over to St. Columb. “ The jealous villagers had watched the meetings, which took place near the Black Bock, on the road to Tcntagal. It was be yond doubt that the pair met as lovers, and the villagers, knowing that I must be igno rant of the action taken by Inez, resolved that I should know, f£ I can assure you, Edward, that at first I was incredulous, for I could not bring my self to believe that the child I bad reared could act so treacherously, ‘l When the old nurse went away I sat down and pondered deeply over the cummu nication 1 had just received. me more 1 thought the more firmly was I convinced that it was my duty, both fur 3*our sake and for hers, to speak to Inez on the subject, " It was six o’clock when she returned,and aa she passed me to go to her room 1 thought Bho seemed somewhat agitated. “ When she returned I asked her in the kindest way where she had been. “ * I just went to eec Mother Penhaven,’ she answered. 11 1 Was she at home V I asked. **1 Ob, jes,'replied Inez;. *' This answer confirmed my worst fears, for I well knew that Inez had told me a lie. “I went to her, and, taking her hand in mine, Eaid : “ ‘ Do you remember, Inez, when Edward bado you his last good by ? Do you remem ber promising to be faithful to him and that only death would part you I’ “• People, when they are young, promise many foolish thinga which never come to anything,’ ehe answered with a forced “ ‘ People, young or old, should not break solemn vowa without abundant cause,'I said sharply. “‘And have I not abundant cause 11 she broke out in a torrent of passion. ‘I have not heard from Edward for more than a year; and it seems to me I will have to wait until I am gray haired if I wail for him to get rich and marry. But I am not going to wait. I am engaged to Charles Simpson, and arrangements are already made for our marriage at Tintagal to-moriow.' “The suddenness of this revelation gave me a shock. I dropped her hands and was about to turn silently away, when I remem bered my duty to you. Turning to her, X ‘ “ Will you do your duty as far as you can and tell Edward what you have done ? It will spare me a trial.’ “‘Nol’ she answered, passionately and decisively. ‘I will tell him nothing, nor hold communication with him. He treats me with neglect and 1 will return it.’ “ I said no more, for my heart was too full. I went to my room, and when I came down in tho morning I found a curt note on the table from Inez, telling me that Bhe had left St. Columb for ever, as she was to be married that day and, with her husband, would immediately taka her departure to Australia. “Thus without a kind farewell to myself or tne villagers, she fled from our midst. She came amougst from we knew not wbenco, and aha baa gone from us we know nofc whither. “ My dear boy, I have now told you nil, and I pray you may be strong and not allow this most unfortunate event to blight your life. We are all in God’s bands, and He does everything for the best. You alwayB have the blessing of jour affectionate mo ther, and 1 pray God you will soon forget your false love and find a faithful hear! to take her place. When may I expect to see you 1 I am very lonely now.” The letter concluded here, and in his des pair Treuoweth crushed it convulsively in bia hand. Ha must have sal in the room for nearly three hours, when he was:rou*ed by someone knocking at the door. Kecollecting that he was & guest, he tried to calm h’S agitation, and at once opened the door. He was confronted by John Barr, who jokingly reminded him that tftn? was flying and suggested that he must have found hia correspondence interesting. In the dim light he did not notice the pallid lace of his guest, but as he stepped into the passage tho change in his features was apparent. “ What I Bad news? I am sorry for that," Trenoweth took him by the arm and led him into the room, handing him the letter as he did so. Barr hastily glanced through it, and then, taking Trenoweth'a hands in bis own, “ I don’t want to be severe on you, but let me say that, instead of being thus plunged in grief, you should thank God at having escaped being linked for life to a woman Buch rb this. She is one not only insensible to true love but also to gratitude. Are you going to wreck your life for one so unworthy of any sacrifice ? 1 will say no more now, but think to-night over what I have said. If you do not care to leave your room I will send yon something.” Trenoweth did not care to leave his room, and Barr left him to himself to fight out hiB own salvation. Even as Jacob wrestled with the angels, so also did Edward Treno weth struggle with his passion that night; and, ere morning dawned, be bad obtained the victory. The guardian angels of good sense and fortitude came to his rescue, and he regie, tered a vow that he would blot the image of Inez Jasper entirely out of his mind for 