QENEEAL NEWS. THE CAPITATION GRANT. THE ARCHBISHOP AT NORWOOD. on J.uesaay evening, April is, Arc-n bishop O'Heily addressed the congregation of Norwood and district in i>t. Ignatius' Church on the education question. The seating accommodation of the building was fully occupied. In his opening remarks the Archbishop' said that the subject lie would speak on had caused excitement which was altogether unwarranted. He wished to allay that excitement among those jvlio did not belong to their own body. "If the aims and purposes of the Catholics, and the methods by which they were to secure the realization of those aims and purposes, were properly understood there would be very little bitterness. It was said that they were one people, that they lived in one country uuder one Consti tution, and that their children would grow up together in the same schools. They .were one people, and they lived in a glori ous country, which would undoubtedly be great some day. They enjoyed one Consti tution, but one of the privileges secured to every citizen by that Constitution was that in religious matters lie should be perfectly free. No man should say to another what lie should judge to be a religious question. There was one question which to many per sons was not, but to others was, a religious question, and that was what ought to be the character of the schools to which they send their children for education aud train ing. About three-fourths of the people—if they could accept the numbers polled at the last referendum—said that the secular sys tem presented no diflieulties to their con science in the matter of sending their young to be trained; but one-fourth of the people said that the schools, to cqpiply with the moral and Divine law, must be religious schools—religion must prevail therein. The Anglicans in large numbers, the Lutherans in relatively larger proportions, and the Catholics unanimously—he said unanimous ly, for he did not reckon that infinitesi inally small portion of the Catholic body represented by a writer in that morning's "Advertiser" as Catholic at all—held that education must be religious, and that the parent did not do his duty to his child or to his God who sent his child to be else where educated than to a religious school. If the Constitution was to be interpreted as meaning all that it said—that we were one people, lived in one country, mid under one Constitution, and enjoyed the privileges granted by that Constitution—that was no reason ivhy all their children should be edu cated in one school or one class of schools. .lie nau oeen at pains to collect a lew n gures for tJicir information. Those figures would show how determined the people of South Australia, in large tynnbers at any rate, were to secure to themselves and to their children the privileges which the Con stitution gave them, i'rom the Anglican Handbook for 189S he learned that there were 29 schools in the colony in which they were educating 1,845 children of their own belief. The Lutherans had 42 schools, and those, being principally in country places, bad an average smaller attendance, the total number of pupils being 1,300. The Catholics had 55 schools last year, and 4,962 children were being educated entirely at their own expense. Those figures showed that in all there were 126 schools in the province in which were provided the blessings of a religious as well as a secular education for 8,107 little children. Besides those primary schools there were several high sehocjls," and it was very remarkable that the principal ones among them were denominational. They had Prince Alfred College for the Wesleyans, St. Peter's for the Anglicans, and Way College was under the auspices of the Bible Christian body. It was a singular fact that where the system did not provide the education the parents wanted, and they were in a position to pay i'oir it, those parents took care that the schools they established should be deno minational. lie honestly believed that if the parents of the whole of South Australia had' to pay for the education of their chil dren to-morrow and schools' had to be erected at their own cost and not out qf the . public purse, tlirec-fpurths of the children .would in a few months be found not at i secular but at denominational schools. He believed that the people of Souths Aus tralia were a religious people, and that they desired the lilessings of religion to be secured in the amplest form to the young, Denominatiomilism was no new thing . to South Australia. At one time it was re cognised by the State. The place of honour, so far as his opinion went, in the record of work .clone for religious education be longed to the Lutherans. In 1839 they were so impressed with the necessity for religion : in the training schools that they estab-. lished two—one at Glen Osmond and the other at Klemzig. In 1840 they started j another at Hahndorf, and two years*ater one at Bethany. The records in connection with the early work of the Anglicans was not available, but in 1888 they had eleven schools with 800 children attending them. Their own records were somewhat imper fect. ln'1846 St. Patrick's Church was built with the intention of subsequently turning it into a school so soon as the number of Catholics in the locality multiplied to enable them to erect a more commodious place of worship. At about the same time Bishop Munihy went to Ireland .and Rome to secure the services of a community of teaching brothers. In 1648 the Franklin street school was being erected, and at that time two lay teachers, a schoolmaster and his wife, were conducting a Catholic school. The principle of denominationalisin was not likely, to die out. The Anglicans had increased their schools during the past ten years.at a rate of"*over 100 per cent., and .within the past two years the Dominicans had built their magnificent pile in Franklin street at a cost of several, thousands of pounds, and the Marist Brothers had estab lished themselves with a teaching staff at Port Adelaide, while only on the previous night he had given his. sanction for the erection of a school at Millicent. Some of their opponents said that denominational schools accentuated religious differences, and that that would be a foolish, per nicious thing lo do. He asked those people woidd the non-recognition by the State of the denominational schools crush them out of existence. The answer must necessarily be "No."' He hoped their schools and those of the Anglicans and the Lutherans were going on in perpetuity. The denomi national schools had held their own from the infancy of the colony, and they would continue to hold their own to the very end. Eight thousand children were going to these schools, and the parents of many of those children went in their childhood to those schools, and they could remember what a sacrifice and struggle it was for them to find the money to keep them go ing. Could t'hey feel anything but bitter ness against those who "scooped the pool," and applied it for the benefit of their own children, and left one-fourth of the popula tion to find the cost of educating their own little ones? It was said that the agitation was causing bitterness, and they were act ing very foolishly in keeping it up. Indeed! Suppose he went into partnership' with three others, and their first year's" transac tions resulted in a profit of £400, and the' three others divided that sum amongst" themselves. Was he, because he protested against such action to he called a downright had, mischief-making, quarrelsome man? Call liim what names they would, they would not stop him, and lie would do everything he possibly could to get that money for the benefit of the Catholic, Lu theran, and Anglican children. Some writ er in one of the newspapers that morning, —poor fool he would call him—hinted that he was seeking to provoke a civil war. God bless the marie! A nice soldier he would make at his age, with scarcely a sound bone in his body. Tbe good man must have had a nurse telling him ghost stories at the time when his imagination could not bear tales of hobgoblins, and his fears must have been strong ever since. In concluding his address tbe Archbishop said they had no immediate hope of gaining the grant for their private schools. It would take some years before the consummation of their hopes would come. That was plain and certain. But the sooner they began to fight for their rights the sooner would those rights come to them. His puijio.se and the pur]>ose of his people, so far as he knew their minds—and ho had had oppor tunities of learning their views during the past few weeks—was to use every right which the law gave them to bring about the accomplishment of their desires. They in tended to use their right to petition Par liament. They intended to force their cause on public attention, and to go on with that programme quietly, calmly, pa tiently, and charitably, but perseveringly, until theiwend was gained. 'They had the juetcst of jfist claims, and they did not take the incoherent ramblings of a few people who wrote to the newspapers as the opinion of the people of South Australia. The Archbishop was listened to with the greatest attention, and hv acclamation the people assembled tendered their thanks to him for his address. 