MIT ALL, JOE, An Australian Story, ALL EIGHTS RESERVED. 3By FXfc-ALaSTGXS 3aE"ST3Ea3EaS- ''-' CHAPTER XXX.— (Continued.) "Nice reading,'1 paid Leslie, "and whnt the devil is he up to now. Uncle Everard will have to see to this, and if he Is of my mind, we will bring the tiger, to bay forthwith." He. went out. to comfort Mary, who was Btrangely moved. : "Is there anvthincr that could reflect on mv mother.'s name?" . "I -don't believe there Is anything to reflect on anybody, Mary. How can he reach out' into the dark and catoh hold of things which are' alleged to have happened thirty years ago?" :.,"I wish Myall. Joe were here," said Mary, incontinently. "He : may. arrive any day, but I 'fall to see' how he could help in this.1' .. "He knew my mother, Reg. Olii If anything, is to disgrace her, I will never marry. I will i give. up everything. I will die a nun." ; "You will Just keep up your heart, and trust to me absolutely, and we will have a family . council over this affair without 'delay. I will' see Lucre before breakfast, and we will tele- . .phone to Uncle Everard to come in. I fancy, somehow, .Master Cholmley will find his rock ahead over this move." i ' Mary suffered herself to be led indoors, and Leslie sought out the Honourable Peter, who having read the letter threw It down with a . snort. "All bosh and bunkum, and lies, and vil lainy. I sold Wllga Plains to Bell, and was . sorry for It ever after. He paid up half cash, and cleared off the balance In the next two years;,' He had done seven years', service, in India, was close-tlB.ted as a Jew, and what should hinder hlm'putlng together the few thousands he. held?' His wife was too good for him, Leslie, and, despite his damned will,1 I had no hand in that, mind. I always hoped Bhe would pick up with somebody fit for her, and see a bit of sunshine in life, but she was weak with long suffering, and when the fever' touched It broke her." .. . "Is- there any record of a connection be tween him and a Cholmley ?" .,,'tThat I can't say, but Everard should know his wife was a blood relation of the Bells.. We are .only uncles and aunts here, through my position as guardian'. , I'll telephone to Eve rard and bring him down, nnd we'll bring that fellow to book- without more ado. ' Let him. meet ul', let him face Mary by my side, and - that letter in my hand, and, look here, Reg., : when it's over have a cutting whip handy, nnd take him outside! and .Jet. hlte have it. Flog him down the odrrldor, and out Into the! Street." ' "He deserveB It," said Leslie. "Then let him have it, and now; come along to the ; telephonic, and we will get on to . Wat-' tie Bank before Everard turns out." , A meeting for eleven was easily arranged, and! the council there was short and Btern. ' t'Horiour and truth:, .'run ' generally In, double :haraess," said Uncle, Everard, suiting ' .'his metaphor to Lucre's ; mind, and mood, "and that whlcli'would pass as honour here 1b downright self-seeking villnlny. Sir George Cholmley, baronet, Is, I believe, a scoundrel and a liar." ? 'Then we'll, yard and brand him," said Lu cre, "arid. yiou'-he ready, Leslie, with the iron," "You do ;not think there Is any risk in ex- asperatlng.'hlm?" It wns Mary who spoke. "Not the slightest, child," answered Uncle Everard. "An honourable man could not have written 'that letter, and dishonour can' never be compromised with. It must be fought. You would never marry him, your mind Is pretty clear on that, and we could never trust him. Let us see him here. Three O'clock, Lucre?" "Any time," answered that gentleman, "so long as Leslie is ready." Then It was arranged that Mary should write to Mr. Cholmley, Informing , him that she- had arranged', with her .guardian, her Uncle Everard, and Reginald Leslie, to uwait him in their, room at the hotel at three that day. Would he come? -He turned up the corner, of her note, and wrote, on It, yes. f'l am going to ohaperone you, Mary," said Aunt Everard, when told of the arrangement,' arid Mary said, "Thank you, auntie," for she felt that the occasion might demand a little support. > Thus It wa3 that, at three that afternoon, the afternoon of the day whereon Myall Joe first began to execute Judgment und Justice, the family council sat In the large sitting- room at the hotel, and very punctual to the hour Mr. George Cholmley arrived. _ Mary alone rose to meet him;, and thank you, Mary," said bet rather seeking out anu grasping than taking an offered hand.; Then there was silence awhile, till Lucre took up the word. .. "You have written a letter 'to my ward here; we want an explanation:." .: "You shall have it In full," came the ready rotily. "You have all read the letter. I can bring substantial proof of the accuracy of all that Is set down there. You, Lucre, -you Eve- rerd, vou Leslie, know how absolutely true is the charge 1 bring,' that you aro now In con- > splraoy to obtain possession of Miss Bell s . 1C"You Infernal llar," said Lucre", and Cholm- ley responded, '1 anticipated that, and - It clears the way for the proposal I have to make. If, as you say. I lie, if your hands are clean, and If your own finances can stand without the buttress of' those British consols, let this proposed marriage stand over for twelve months.". . 1 . ' "And who the devil are you?" said Luore, rising to his. feet, but Everard interposed, "Let him proved,. Lucre." "You offer us terms, sir, a L " understand you. What is the alternative?" ' "I do not put It exactly as an alternative." "But we choose to receive it absolutely as an alternative." "There are two -alternatives then. In the , first place I will apply for a mandamus . to compel you, Lucre, to give satisfaction to the court that the terms of Major Bell's will are complied, with, tmd In the riext.- — There was a knock at the door. Cholmley stepped back hurriedly to' prevent Intrusion. He opened the door a little, released the- handle, and reeled backward. - Then Myall Joe came In, and shut the door behind him.' He turned then to the company seated and said, '.'I am Sir Arthur Cholmley." . . Up sprang Leslie! revelation nnd delight Iri. his face, but Lucre took the word, "Sir Art hur Cholmley, Myall Joe. I see It all, by God. Made the pile In India, but too late to marry the girl; followed out, kept your money together, and looked after the daughter In a distant sort of way, and waited. Your little lot came in handy a while ago, but I'd rather see your, face and hear your voice than ten times that sum." Come, C'nolmley,. late Sir George, here Is your witness turned up with out call? Why, what ails the man?" ...lie . might well ask, for looking into his uncle's face George Cholmley knew It omnis cient as God's. His eyes were blue as the heavens and aS implacable, He seemed to tower above the other men in the room, gi gantic In stature, and illuminated by nn aw- rul wjnth. Aful bad any confirmation been needed, the first act was final and conclusive. "Take that," said he, throwing on the table the promissory note he hudrecelved from Mrs. Hegarty. "Take that In your hand, and tell me to whom It wus given, and for what ser vice to be rendered?" The blanched -face turned grey, the blood in the man's nerves seemed turned to ashes. Ills tongue wan paralysed, his limbs palsied. "You cannot.you dare not, and yet you could do it, George Cholmley, my own brother's son. Let It stay where It is, with you and me, and with God, who will Judge you. But It 13 not right that yoii should remain here. Return to your chambers, and await me there, and I will Instruct you as to what Is to be done." He backed to the door then, and opened it, and George Cholmley came- staggering for ward. Wlille all the others were dumb with amazement some glimmering of the truth may have come to Aunt Everard, for with a sudden Impulse she stretched out her delicate Jewelled hand, and gnsped rather than spoke the words, "A leper, u leper, as white us snow." Ah, there wtts no need of the whip, which Leslie's lingers five minutes previously had Itched to wield. The mun went down the corridor like a condemned soul, smitten by the Hall of the avenger. And In his own chambers he took no Instructions, save Ills own, for, as the record runs, he was dlscover- cn there, und there, so far as he Is concerned, let the record close. CHAPTER XXXI. The crash of that tragedy cleared the air, but did not leave a breezy or exhilarating at mosphere behind1. Aunt Everard sickened like one who had seen a ghost, and been sworn to awful secrecy. The suicide brought abso lute confirmation of the belief! which was al ready only too well fixed, and she was three score years and ten, and had never before been touched by that red hand of crime. It preseed Its graving tool on every line of licr face; It took. a little of the light from her eyes; It dulled a little the elasticity of her step, but In ljer heart It stirred up!an almost passionate tenderness, for the hero who now appeared, but wlit>:had so neaply .become the victim. Sir Arthur Cholmley must; need come out to Wtattle Bank, and lie nursed In the.best bedroom, and fed on the tenderest chicken, and mlinlstered to In all the best corners of the balconies, till he began to think seriously of 1 c volt and protest. He had so seared all the founts of desire for luxury that seeking to revive them bred weariness and Irritation, rather than delight. Moreover, the death of George Cholmley, and that which had gone before It, had filled lilm with a new and biting sorrow. His comrade In arms had set trea cherous hands to the hope of his youth, his own flesh and blood had loosed murder at linn In his old age. But there was solace In the' -distant companionship he lmd with the lovers: now. In the assurance, which grew deeper day; by day, that his fife's labour was ripening to- happiest frultion;and In intercourse with Uncle "Everard he found that resource which was re quisite to banish weary hours. He resisted- gently all Lucre's boisterous efforts to drag; him out, and, save to his solicitors, Bpoke ho word of intent with regard to the English es tates. And he had not been more than a fortnight in the enjoyment of this placid life! when even Everard: was startled a bit by, hearing of his Intent to return to Wootneroy. "You have wearied of us so Soon ?." : ' '.'Nay, but I've an old ihate out there, who -is 'wearying for me." "The old Rambler?" "Yes, he is near the end of the journey, and he won't make the last stage comfortably un less I am by." , "He is very old." "Old as the country. His memories date from trie beginning of bush life. He Is al most the last of a class, an order one might say, that will lapse without anything worthy to be called a record." It was very hot when he rattled out of Bourke on the dusty river road; hotter still when", In the lute afternoon, lie met M'Leod at the head station, and,1 putting congratula tions and inquiries courteously aside. Inquired after the Rambler. "He's near the end 0' It. The doctor was w ith him ye3t'£!rday by your Instructions; as I understand, and he gave a poor like account. The parson called here to-day, and I serit him down." - "I will drive right on," eald Sir Arthur, "or if you can saddle up a horse I'll ride." .0 "Arr ye no weary with the travel?" "Aye, and the Rambler is weary, too, M'Leod, and will not rest well unless I bid him good night." The night was closing In, and there was, no moon when Parson Brown heard hoofs beat on the track that led In to the out-station. Awind, steady as the, trades, was blowing,' lightly laden with dust ar.d a faint odour.-'! of -'.the drought. He was pacing to nnd fro .-.'before, the old store, and not very comfortably, 'for he had missed dinner at the home station!1, and was doing no good. Tlnr rider knew the trick of the gate, opened It, and came right on, .dis mounted, and was recognised; "Like myself, I am afraid you arrive too late to be of. any "service. He cannot be brought, to understand your chnnged condition. You will deem, him disrespectful probably." "I am sure I shall not.". "I tried hard to fix his mind on the Impor tant. matters he Is approaching, but hri wan- dors." "Perhaps his mind is too firmly fixed to be changed by any chance." < "I should be sorry to think that." Sir Arthur Cholmley did not reply, but strode pest him Into the house, and .no sooner did his1 foot Btrlkfe the floor than- from the Inner room! came the Rambler's volcef "That's Joe. :Put more fat In the lamp,- Johnny, and let me see Joe. I felt good all day,, and I knowed Joe would coma! Come Into me, Joe. Thut's! right. I can see the shape of you well. That's: your hand, too. I can feel It all right. Just! the same Joe?" "Hand and heart and. all .Just the same-,, Jemmy." 1 . .,. "'Where's that parson? I want him to hear: that. He said you was changed, Joe. Old; Myall Joe got swelled head, he said, an' I; called him a liar. God forgive me; but'I never counted much on parsons, Joe. He pitched to. mo about Jesus Christ. He loved all mankind; so does I; but he don't; rides In a buggy and tuckers with the boss. Sit down Joe. Have ye nothing to say to me at all?" "Plenty when you give me a chance." "I was always a fair pitcher, Joe." "Yes, pretty good; and how Is the head?" "Bad, Joe, bad ; an' the back's wuss; an,' the! throat pipes here seems thickening up. But; it wasn't the Berrlmy Boy, Joe. I won't have- him hanged for me. I won't put him away, Joe, agin I goes on the last dart." . "I've sent him out of the country. He won't- trouble us-any more." . "That's good, Joel; that's right. And, Joe,! "the rain Is coming." ' ; "Feel It, Jemmy?" "I do, .1 thought It was you, bu't I feel it; now. It'll maka It soft, Joe, to put down my! liole.V - "Think It near as that, Jemmy?" "Sure, Joe, sure as the rain. Pipes shut- tin' up, and bellows below all broke. Ever watch an old hoss die, Joe?" ' . "Yeb." "So've I, and I'm goln' Just the same. Hist ,mo a bit, Joe, and Johnny'll get me a drink.. The raln'll come by mornln", Joe." Joe's arm was round him, and a splash of: the rain which had Come had fell on his hand. "What's that?" ' "The tea spilt. Hand It me, Johnny." "No, Joe, I can feel you shaking like. That's- out 0' your head, Joe, or out o' your heart.; You knows I'm on the last dart, Joe, but I. alnt gallled, an' you'll pick up another mate. Let mo drink now. The fever's on me, and I'll shake directly." He took a drink, and lay down again, and: shook with ague shivers for a while. The pipes had closed a bit, the bellows laboured! wc-rse than before, and his voice had lost halt, its volume when he spoke again. i "Rain's nlgher, Joe. I can feel it strong. I wants to talk now about my camp. You'll! do It, Joe. I .want to be out on the edge of a' bit of good timber, with a sandrldge not too: far away, rame as we likes to make It always,; You know the spot, Joe. I see It, and feel It. a. good deal. I shall be all right there; 1' dreams abqut It. Face townrds the sand; liill, that's where the light comes first: a bit: 0' grey and corn colour above the trees, and, a magpie whistling lew as If he wasn't just sure abouti It. Then the shape of the trees,, as If they'was growin'. and the galahs- be-j glr.s to scream, and the bullocks coughs. An' the mist shows white then, and the leaves on the scrub an' - the grass about begins to shine. Then the crows speaks out, an' It's all over soon, all In the pot, but I'm asleep agin thnlt, Joe." "Aye." "I'd like a draw o' the pipe." He got a pipe from Johnny, who shuffled about with bodeful signs, filled, and lit It. The old man made a feeble draw or two, and slept. There was nothing like Immediate death In the pulse, and It seemed discourteous to leave the parson without. "I was right In supposing that he would not recognise you aright. Sir Arthur?" "No, you were altogether wroflg." "But as regards that change?" "There Is no change; but by morning there will be a change In the weather. He has felt It for days, and I can feel it now. The smell of It is In the wind, nnd it's freshening. Aye, parson, that old warrior there Is beyond us In a'good many things." "Had he ever any consciousness of religious tiuth, do you know?" "Quite enough, I think. What. Is it the prophet Micah says? 'To do Justice and to love mercy, and to walk humbly with thy God.' The old Rambler has kept that up bet ter and longer, as I believe, than any man now living." The parson made no reply, and the baronet took him with the cook round to the out- statlon house, and discovered stores there,- and got a Ineal prepared; and returned him self to watch by the Rambler. Jemmy slept till midnight had passed; then woke with pipes closed almost to suffocation, and 'the bellows drawing wind very feebly. He gripped "Joe's" hand while a spasm ot coughing sought to exterminate him: swal lowed a spoonful of spirit, and lapsed again. The parson came tnv and did those things which seemed to him meet and necessary. And when he left, and the lips began to move in mutterlngs, and the great bony hands to clutch at the blankets, Sir Arthur Cholmley stood erect at the bed-head, Ills teat's drop ping fast. For this one man of all the world loved him. His own flesh and blood, and thoso he hnd sought to bind by such bonds that even eternity should fall to dissolve, had turned on him serpent fangs. Leslie wus faithful, loyal and good. Everard gave and commanded esteem, a remembered glance or two of Mary Bell made him hope that an affection might grow which would cheer the ! old. age he almost feared; but there was none like to tills man; never had there been, and ; never would be. It wanted an hour to dawn when the wind, which had Increased through the night, smote ' ull the walls of the house with sudden vlo- : lence, and died away. The Rambler awoke, and sat up In the bed. Ills eyes seemed seeing a good deal, "Jemmy the Rambler! That's so. I'm Jemra-v the Rambler, and I loves all mankind. That you, Joe; good-night, Joe." "Joe" clasped both his hands, but even as he held them response failed; and he let the ; bowed head and the swaying body gently ' down en the pillow. Then he closed the eyes, before the Vision, which had shone on them, could die out, and straightened the limbs, and went out into the night, which was black with clouds, and heavy with Impending rain. ' Gathered in from Indian and Pacific Oceans, driven down from the Arafura Sea, came the great rain, washing, ere It ceased, the mound of red soil, by the timbers' edge, with the sandrldge well lin> view; soaking down to the deepest roots of herbage and grass, making rivers in the wilderness, land lakes leagues broad, where a week before It hod seemed that neither grass should grow, nor water shine again; quickening with all sorts of verdure 1 - the marvellous sporadic growths of animal ' and reptile life, which lie dormant through de- ; cades, quickening all, save the dead bones, and jmriklng for them an universal shroud, under 'which their ghastllness Is lost suddenly, and utterly transmuted. They heard It at Wattle Bank, and Uncle . Everard stretched his ear on the windward balcony, as If he would gather In all the sound»of all the torrents which were forming and roaring between there and thequlckenlng herbage on his wide Downs stations. Aunt Everard said theprayers of thatgood old man. of- whom Sir Arthur writes, may liuve had much to do with it; he must have been as one of the prophets In the wilderness. "Aye," poor old Rambler," said Everard, but not much good at the praying, I fear. They heard It at Tooralc, and it put mote and better life into the Honorable Peter than all the champagne he had ever swilled through out the boom. Were not a dozen stations r "pasturing for him, would not all his pastoral securities be doubled in value within a month, and would not this last bad speculation which had threatened to strangle him for a while melt away like a smoke wreath? Not exactly. It was destined to linng to him! and keep him comparatively poor and thrifty through all his declining years. But the solid base on which his fortunes had been raised hnd enabled him to stand when In the 'debacle of a few years later the city was shaken to its foundations, and every man who had dabbled In land or mines seemed to be marked for destruction. They felt It In Bourke, the metropolis of all western squat ting, and gloried abundantly In the new sal vation. All, save one man of our acquaint ance, who found himself stranded in Bourke, and' altogether helpless. Poor Murphy, with empty pockets, and the obligations of the Boy also on his shoulders, found short shrift with his landlord, and cold comfort In the bush. "Rethrlek" was of no service to h'm there, and he had made but 10 miles from the town seeking work which he did not under stand, when a trooper picked him up, limp and cold and helpless. They doctored him up in the cells for a couple of days, and got him a billet then as boots at an hotel, and then he began to rebuild his fortunes, and If he 'remains faithful to the labour party he has now espoused he may some day come to town a member of Parliament, and ultimately ob tain a portfolio. Why not? And on Leslie and Mary the rain fell also as they (lashed across the open country, which was as the great Inlands In miniature In their frequent visitations between the elty and the old house which had ever been -to them most like home. It was a big, bright world, which was In process of renewal for them. "The grave of the last ot the old order Is at your gate," said Sir Arthur Cholmley to them a little seriously, "the very last as I think, and If you will only be loyal to your obligations as he was to Ills the bush will continually grow a better place, and I am not quite sure If Myall Joe will not re turn, and abide In It, asking perhapB a corner In the new home station, or a patclfof ground on the sand ridge, where he may build a hut, and make a garden, and plant a grove of myalls and salt bush all about the old Rambler's grave. THE END. 