, CBHRMT TOPICS. Half a loaf is better than- no bread, and half a reform is better than none at all. The .carcase' butchers— and the President of the Board of Health seems, we regret to find, to agree with them — declare that stamping meat at", the abattoirs would Interfere very much , wiiii men uudiiic9S| uctauac uu laic uigcii inui. was stamped was not killed at the abattoirs, and that It was useless stamping some meat, - if all were not stamped. Then stamp as much of It as can be stamped, and those who buy unstamped meat ivlll do' so at: their own risk. There were people once who would not: give slaves liberty, because they were "not ready for freedom." > "The-n make them free, so that they may be ready," said Wil- berforce. Stamp all the meat that can be stamped, and the time will quickly come when .all- meat will be stamped! That is the way out of the difficulty.1 Mr. Thomas Glassey (the M'Gowen of the Queensland Assembly) is even more staunch than the Premier of the colony on the.subject- of federation. Personally, says he, "It .will be one of the, principal planks. in my platform, and I bell.eye a majority of the members of the party -which I lead will warmly espouse it." 'Air.rGlassey will fight for fair play to his own colony In any negotiations, but does not pull folf Ills coat and roll up his sleeves as he makes /that -assertion; ' He Is not troubled with tlie Idea, that any of the other contracting parties ; have It in contemplation to get at Queensland. His fight is for the cause/and the watchful-' ness for home interests which will need to.be- .maintained during that light is. a secondary 'matter. This is' as ft should be; . . The Government has resolved to go half , way In the fulfilment of its reasonable obliga- : ;,tibns on Bondi Beach. A road Is to be made ..bridging the'igap which now - exists- tn the Military-road, ' and affording easy means1 of access to the whole length of the most beau- t!ful7beach' about the city. -The other half, which should be undertaken forthwith, Is the construction of the retaining wall, and next should come the grassing arid planting the long sand slope. The wearisome Bondl of the present would thus be transformed Into the convenient and beautiful and restful Bondl : we desire. And when,' in addition to all that, the ocean bath now In course of construction ,1s completed the tramway revenues will be . doubled, and tha metropolis have another Manly easily accessible by land. ' Though fully recognising that impassioned speeohes In favour of the unemployed, and denouncing existing social systems, are cheap — costing only the breath wherewith to Utter them — we cast not the slightest asper sion either on the honesty or enthusiasm of Dr. Roseby, who yesterday delivered a some what vehement oration to the 'unemployed attending Chalmers Church, Redfern. Dr. Roseby declared it to be a shame and a re proach (o New South Wales that the unem ployed question should exist. And so no doubt it is, or, If not to the province, to the Premier who years ago vowed to abolish the question and hasp't. It needs but a visit to the Liverpool and Rookwood Asylums ito establish conviction as to the desirability of old age pensions. The , old age and helplessness Imprisoned there makes a- very pathetic appeal. From 1500 to 1600 persons, making no complaints, it Is true, except such as come through themute petitions which are necessarily outside the considera-' tiou of visiting commissions. All who are sane and sound amongst these persons would be better pensioned out; but there are some others fit neither to be out- pensloncrs nor In mates of.old age Institutions. From J30 to 140, tlie report runs, are In various stages of con sumption, and there are a large"' number of cancer paillents. That' makes, a fact plain which -is shameful- to the community.' We ought to have now adequate hospital acom-; modatlon for. all Incurable patients, arid wait ing till funds are j-atsed by subscription dois butserve to advertise. the colony's disgrace. : : Even In' this fin de .slecle epoch of spooks and spookeries the public mind assimilates ghOBts !: with, considerable difficulty. Yet, judging: from intelligence received from time to time, there must be a good number of 'ghosts sailing. round -loose . In the Soudan, or the Dervish leaders must have each more lives than a cat, There-Is Osman Dlgna, for instance. He has been dead and burled any number of times; still he manages to crop up, good. as newevory.'now and again! If there Is a; force of 2000 dervishes, and among them Osman, and the British kill 2001, it Is a cer tainty somehow that Osman will laugh and ride away. Now, there Is a swart gentle man named Fedll, reputed cousin of the; Khalifa.'/. '-Two thousand of his ."dervishes were recently caught, but Fedll "vamoosed" without difficulty! One-. of these days the old original and genuine Mahdi will he giving trouble again! ' ' Hardly a day dawns but brings- with It. the; record of the discovery of -the; dead body of an infant, or of a, living babe abandoned by; its unfortunate, mother" . to - its fate, probably with the hope that kind hearts may do . for :it what Its natural pro-', lector cannot. Society, In its supiiie- ness; seems to have tacitly decreed that death. Is the proper fate for the Illegitimate child. And this decree most frequently makes a lTjurderess of, the- unfortunate mother. There are excellent people, indeed; -who. openly de clare that wickedness Bhould -be made as wicked as possible, and. that any alleviation of the consequences Is merely ary Incentive to further sin. But the popular conscience sub scribes to no such doctrine, recognising at any- rate that the unfortunate infant Is Innocent. Why, then/In the name of commonsense; civi lisation,- and humanity is iiot some refuge pro vided, as In Paris, .where the wretched und erring mother might deposit the child, with the assurance it would be carod for. The P. and O. Company continues to hold it3 .own. It Invests "in millions, It, handles ton nage in tens of millions, it keeps right on the topmost, crest of the wave of progress in all things, mid, without any subsidies save those paid for- work done ln .the carrying of malls, pays its shareholders, a liberal percentage on their Investments. In a -remarkably short .space of time, "said Sir Thomas Sutherland, we have contracted for , six ships at a total cost of £2,000,000,' and during last year our freight revenue amounted to £1,509,116, and our passenger revenue to £1,095,377. These figures justify developments ou the grand scale. Nobody begrudged Messrs. JReymond and Cotton their holiday, task on the Luehlan. If they resolved, to, amuse themselves in that, way, there could be no harm done, and the cost was not considerable. Moreover, it was: generally understood that the affair was in the nature of a new experiment, a notion either above or beneath the considerations of alt professional engineers. If It succeeded, there would be a new era In weir construct ing, and water backed up, at small cost, along all the thousands of miles of our In land rivers. But how does all this accord with the very latest item of news,- which reads ad under?: "When completed the weir Is expected to back the witter up for 15 miles, right up to another weir, built: oil 'similar' lines for the Forbes council, IB years ago, and standing yet." . Giving his evidence before the' Parliamen tary Public Works" Committee, then consider ing the proposal to erect certain new public buildings, Mr.', Inspector-General of Pulice Fosbery explained that/his Idea was to have the police headquarters apart from any other department, and free from outside obser vation. The first part of this recommen dation Is. sensible enough, because there would always', be a danger of clerks from other public departments," and -In- want of amusement, strolling , Into ; the Police De partment to get news ubodt the latest mur der, anil to look at the port-raits of criminals, and to listen to the detectives' stories of -splendid captures. But .why "free from out side observation?".-: Surely the Police De partment is not so modest that It cannot be looked at! Perhaps the Tnsp'ector-General thinks that if the department Is not hidden the general public may become acquainted .with the persons of his detectives. But every detective Is already us well ' known us the P.O. clock. -. - ' . ' Mr. Carruthers yesterday Introduced to the Premier a deputation from the1 Anthropologi- car Society, suffering from a complaint not uncommon amon . deputations— a - desire to 'dip a finger Into the public purse. By some unaccountable; means'' the Anthropological Society- had-thougli the name Is surely -long and sonorous enough to livet attention— been lost sight of when the estimates were about. The; Premier,- recognising, so he slated, .the value of the society's labours,; repaired the omission Iiy- granting the society £100 for the, year. It/was explained that the society, owing to lack of funds; bad not been able to do much in criminology, but it , had" noted the characteristics of' Australian aborigines. This latter Is no doubt useful work In Its way, and perhaps worth £100 a year. / lff; however, the -soolety can/afford any really, practical Information about .criminals and: their reform, especially their /reform, lit will, .be passing cheap at, say,- £100,000 pei; annum. Spain, If Ave may judge by the tidings cabled, received the sacred ashes of Colum bus without evincing any madding enthu siasm. The cable, indeed, in perhaps the usual cold manner of cables, Inventories the remains much as If they were ,un auctioneer's job lot — "thirty bones and some ashes." These have been re- interred In sunny Seville, whence, on August 3rd, 1-192, ;the great Geno ese sailed away In search of those suspected lands In the mystic, far-off West. Spain, even In those days, did not think a great deal of Columbus. It may be that Spaniards- reflecting upon their entire connection with America, from that first supreme moment when the seamen of the discoverer saw ahead of them a gleaming moving light, eyen unto to-day — feel that they could have worried along comfortably enough had there been no Columbus and no America. The desire of separation, says Mr. J. 11. Dickson, Premier of Queensland, Is dead. And he goes on to tell how the Government has killed it by doing full justice to the north and west. Special steamers have been subsi dised for the mails and passenger trade, and there remains now but 70 miles of railway to bo constructed to join Rockhampton on to the main overland lines of Australia. The great Interior has also been well served by railways, and a line Is now projected which will join the central and northern systems. All that Is good and promising, but does Mr. Dickson recognise all the possibilities of a yet farther north? Will not a time eome when Normanton will object to any measure of control from Brisbane, and is It not a fact that under federation "both Queensland and New South- Wales may btecome unwlldy, and possibly overshadowing,/ States? .- One result of the Eugllsli Workmen's Com; pensation Act:has a . painful .significance, in deed., . An elderly; .worker was. copipelled t<J seek the shelter 'of the Insolvency Court, and amongst his liabilities was a small, bill for hair dye. On seeing this the judge was about to fire a .volley of righteous reproof at the ancient's Head on the score; of unseemly van ity, when the Insolvent: stopped him," and explained that since the pnssing.of the Com pensation Act the masters had decided to take as few risks of their workmen; being Injured as possible; consequently they would employ none but strong, active,: young _ men. This decision on <the part of the masters had to - be met- by strategy on the part: of the elderly men; and" accordingly, they assumed "a lyouth- fulness they did not; actually possess by dyeing their silver hairs/ .'In plain English, they could make a living only by dyeing. While Sydney City Council are considering the great garbage question- from afar off, and with a timidity the more inexplicable, be; cause the matter is of considerable antiquity, ' the. municipalities' of the Glebe, 'Camperdowr, and Annandale have boldly (taken the bull by the horns. At a municipal conference the/three councils named resolved to adver- tles for plans and particular of cremators, having first determined to destroy ' the oh, noxious dead cats and roUlng vegetable re-, fuse of (their municipalities, by fire, the sacre.l element of the gods. .."Fools," it lids been assorted, "rush in.;where angels ! fear to tread," but: It would. be.as;u'njust to stigma tise the three suburban councils as fools aa It would be to'characterise/the Sydney Coun cil as angels. (The .difference Is simply that the three councils are. able to make up their, minds while the members of : tlie other can not... . Cobilen's dream- of free-trahe lias not", Air. . Chamberlain admits, stout ' free-trader though he is, been realised. Could feason ex pect It would be? Cobden, knowing only, his own time/his own race, and -.the wants thereof,' undertook, foolish and shoiit'-slghted mortal! to prophecy for all time, for every clime, and for every people.. Rashly Ignor ing the fact that the vicissitudes, the needs, and the wants of men are ever varying quan. 'titles, Richard Cobden propounded a dogma of political economy as It '% we're soine law of nature, some thrice, sacred gospel eternal as the Universe Itself. The' times have changed, and we have changed with them, and now the great free- trade nostrum which , was to redeem mankind too often proves a curse instead of a blessing. But ft Is a great thing When a man of Air. . Chamberlain's cali bre recognises this latter fact. 