THE SERMON. BLESSED SERVICE. A SERMON by the BEV. WIMAAU A. QUICK, of BBIGHTON. Romans i., 1.—A sen-ant of Jesus Christ. | JameB I., X.—A sen-ant of God and of the Lord Jesua Christ" Rev. i., 1.—His servant John. My reason for choosing to pi-each on I three texts will presently be made plain to J you I.—SERVAST8. ijyantyou to observe that the learned j inen who have given us a revised version of, our (Scriptures have, for some reason which does not appear, put the equivalent i of the Greek word rendered "servant" in the authorised version in the margin of j the ^'revised version, and not in the text. Yet the word "bond-servant," which is ] more significant thata the word "servant/ would have expressed*more fully the mind] of the three apostles named, and, indeed, of all the apostles, as to the relation they I sustained to their Lord and Master. St. | Paul says, I am a bond-servant, and so say James and John. As to the first of these three, consider ] the high position he held in hie nation be fore that journey to Damascus. He was a man of powerful intejjerf^ mnd, as - we should phrase it,V^-ad'uated with honours at his unUrerincyT His attainments and his character fat/ KU<4ijt|iH*he rulers of the nation entrisfoa. tor ftlM^he ta£k of uprooting the gro^mg^Chqgtianity, by im prisoning its professofeq:!' /AJfer that wop-* derful event, his conve^sien^alL-thfrtne possessed of mental ability and wide learn ing and fiery zeal were made over to the advancing cause of Jesus Christ, whom he had persecuted. The Christians of Damas cus delayed not to give him their confi dence, and listen to his preaching. At the very centre of the new religion, as it was regarded, its leaders and adherents were induced by the kind offices of Barnabas to embrace him as a brother, yea, as an added witness of the resurrection of Jesus, for had he not seen the Lord, and heara j his voice? In Paul a new force was given to the Christian church. And now the Lord favours him with inspirations of the Holy Ghost, and visions of Heaven, and— more valued by him — successes in the founding of churches and the saving of souls. Now, how does he describe himself in the inscription-of his great epistle? Not as one who had been converted as by mira cle, nor as one who had been caught up tc the .third, heaven, nor as one who had extended the Church of Christ, but as a j "bond-servant" of the Lord. And so James. I might speak of him as ] a man of powerful and commanding mind, j of poetic temperament, and yet of strong | eommonseiise iii dealing with all affairs of' the cliurch; as ai man greatly beloved and trusted by the Master. Yet how humbly he writes of himself; and we are the more1 struck—1 may say startled—by this—if. I as many have supposed, he was the actual brother of our lord, or even related to | him by ties of family. "I who ain ad-' dressing you in this epistle am but a 'bond-servant' of God ana of the Lord ] Jesus Christ." This is the position of John also. He, too," writes himself the Lord's "bond- ser vant." This disciple, "whom Jesus loved;" this favourite, in whom He confided; this ] evangelist, who wrote a history that ex- ( tends back beyond historical times, and recorded his visions of events that will be j evolving beyond the latest moments of this , earth's existence; this man, who embodied , in himself the truest sublimity, is just a | bond-servant to his crucified Master. And although we to-day may admire the humi-| lily of these apostles, there is no evidence tliar they were themselves conscious of any j stooi). How could they be? They gloried j in the honour of serving Jesus, their Re-: deeiner and Saviour. None of them claimed j to be dignitaries. Their dignity was to j serve, yea to serve the seivants of their ■ Lord. Yet on hat terms of loving inter-, course with hinv James and John liad j lived? Nor did familiarity breed eon tempt. It bred-an ever-increasmg rever ence, and love, and worship that would be evidence, were there no other, of our Lord's superiority to all, even the greatest and holiest of mankind, yea of His true. divinity. If he be not divine how- comes, it that of the tens of millions of His fol-j lowers those who know Him Hie most in- j Innately through His Holy Word, and by waiting upon Him in worship, are luted | liighest in rapturous adoration of Him. Now, I want you, m.v friends, to under stand that, although I have been speaking of apostles, you are, or ought to be, as they were, bond-servants of the Lord Jesus Christ. The more closely you stand related to Him as His saved ones the greater the obligation to serve Him, and to serve His people and His kingdom. If you have wealth and influence, titles and exalted positions, covet the honour of adding, "bond-servant" to your name. Oh, .what: is J,P. or M.P., or baronet, or any other indication of rank in' comparison with this? And you Christians tell me not that yon are "the children of God," never mention your fellowship with Him, or your elevations in prayer, if you cannot with a clear conscience and in His fear, write your-1 selves "bond-6ervants," and reckon this to be your honour. But what of the service i which we have to render? H.—SERVICE. A qualification has to be acquired for this service. "No man .can serve two masters. The devil and his works must be utterly re nounced. Indeed, self and all aims that are merely selfish must be renounced. The gospel feet which ruled the lives of apostles, must, as they taught, furnish the actuating principle of every Christian s life, "Ye are not your own; for ye are bought with a price; therefore, glorify God in your body and in your spirit, which are God s. (1st Cor. vi .,19-20). "He died for all that 15.) v : Ihe qualification for service is, therefore, the renunciation -I have spoken of, and the j Surrender -of- one's whole nature - to the < Authority. oL Jefuja, for personal sanctifiea- j #onf apd.guidance in jomg His vvi'I. One Objects of our-Lord in 'all He did and suf fered -wus to defstroy our selfishness, and, lead-ue into the btessedness of service—His service and the service of one another. To this service we are bound, and the . bond holds. so-firmly that we caunot get away from it, feVetf if tve do violence to the weightiest of obligations—that laid upon us by all which. Jesus taught, and ail His words and works of tenderness, and all that He endured on Calvary to redeem and save us. And though we wickedly and dis-j honourably deny our own promises and vows that have been solemnly registered j from the hour of our baptism onward, in seasons of trouble and times of gracious! tenderness, we cannot be quit of our bond. It is, as we shall find sooner or later, a re gistered document that will be produced, against us if we persist in a violation of its conditions. The Lord's bond-servants find their great est joy in submitting to the terms of the bona, and to all the demands which are made upon them by their Master. His yoke is easy; His burden is light. The re lation of a servant to a master in our time and country throws little light upon this subject. In many cases servants nowadays come and go at their own pleasure: to a great extent they choose their own hours and their own methods of work. Not so they who serve the Lord Jesus. It is their j glory to be in the old-time servitude to such a Master. Theirs is a life- service. They have-not thought of doing as some wretched men do who. with the effects of a debauch upon them, bind themselves to abstinence forsix or twelve months. No such trans action _ as this is thought of on entering Christian service. The bond of the bond servant has in it the clause, "Wholly and for ever.' His service is entered upon with full knowledge of what-Jesus has done for us; and, as it were, in sight of the humilia tion of Bethlehem, and of the "contradic tion of sinners," and of the assaults of satan, and the terrible tragedy of Calvary. .And now, in sight of all this, I ask every one here, "How much owest thou unto my Lord? ' A halfpenny in the pound? A little chureh- going, and a few benefactions, and a cry for mercy at the last? Oh, fatal, oh, irreparable blunder! It takes men's i names from the list of Christ's bond-ser-1 vants. It holds thein to tbc service of i satan. In the service I want you to enter j men do not make bargains for as little as I they can- render and as much as they can get. They consider that all tliev have and are belongs to Jesus. From their hearts they say, "The deed, the time, the manner choose." He, say they, shall find my sphere of labour, and direct my work, and fix my reward. I will listen for His voice to bid me go on, or to bid me rest. The Lord's true servants will serve in cot tage or mansion, at the sick bed or in the pulpit, in a city slum or in the mission field. _ For, with their selfishness their ambition is gone; the love of distinction and popularity is dead. Perhaps some of you are even now con scious of a strange force moving you to the Lord's service. Yet you may be in doubt as to the kind of work you can do. Well, you will soon find out if you are really bent upon serving Him. What are vour op portunities and gifts? What is the advice given you by the wise and good ? are ques tions which offer guidance in your desire to find work to do for the if aster. Some persons have to content themselves | with a narrow, _ yet not unimportant, sphere. Here is a good Christian man whose earnings seldom reach beyond thirty shillings per week. He tells me of his house rent, and his four or five children, and his delicate wife. He mournfully tells me his desire to serve his Lord, but, he adds, What can I do? 1 am bound to re ply to that man. Mind your home, that is your first care; keep your children in sub jection; see to their religious training. Con duct yourself as a sensible and godly man ought to do. See that your wife is not overborne by the care of yourself and your j children. There you have a sphere—a garden to cultivate—which the Master ex pects you to make productive. And who can say? The children you are training may, by your means, get far beyond you in their opportunities, and in direct useful ness to the church of God. But even you, my friend, with many a burden on your shoulders and pain at your heart, may do a kindness to your fellows that shall inspire i them with hope, and guide them to peace and comfort. Many a church finds valu able support in men who think they can do but little, but whose unobtrusive ex ample of pure living and thoughtful ser vices to others greatly increase the influ ence of religion in a locality. Let not the poor think that there is no sphere for them. There are humble duties for all who are honoured to be the bond servants of Jesus Christ. And 1 am bound to say that the readiness of the poor for kind, neighbourly offices may put to shame the wealthy, who, with sonie pleasing ex ceptions, prefer to live in ignorance of the want and sin and misery that are not far from their gates. Yet there is this sign of the times—such exceptions are increas ing in number, and money is being lavished as never before on our charitable and edu cational institutions, and on the victims of 6udden and overwhelming calamity. What opportunities they have of serving the Lord Jesus Christ who are in posses sion of wealth. There are two great insti tutions which are so far pledged to the kingdom of God on earth that they may claim to be, in a sense, necessary to its advancement—the Bible Society and the Missionary Society. Yet who among the dwellers in our suburban palaces, and the fortunate speculators in gold-mining, and the owners of valuable -sheep stations, or as valuable factories and stores, are expend ing even a paltry guinea a year on their support? I fear there are many men who lavish hundreds, yes, thousands, every year 1 on inausions, and carriages, and all manner of decorations, yet never think of tbe duty they owe to the kingdom of Jesus Christ. Some of these men, these culpable de faulters, pray, if they pray at all, the prayer ! taught tliein by their mothers, a prayer: they profess to respect, for does it not stir' up "recollections of the time of childhood's innocence and grace? "Our Father Which 1 art in heaven, hallowed be Thy name, Thv kingdom come, Thy will be done on earth as it is done in heaven." Hut are they i serving the King by contributing to the world-wide spread of His dominion? Do they not rather hinder than help? What does the kingdom cost you moneyed men and women? Many ways of serving the Lord will be discovered when once the great renuncia tion is made. How to do good will be a 6tudv. No longer will the life be spent in reckless pleasure-seeking, or in accumulat ing money; Distribution is the leading idea in the mind of a true servant of Jesus Christ. Hence some then, like Mr. Studd, of China, have spent large incomes among pagans whom they desired to win for their Master. Others, like-the late Mr. Ormond, have laid out extensively on schools and colleges for the people. - A lady, Mrs. Aus tin, has founded ahospital. Airs. Russell Giiraey has' conceived the idea of . "a sanc tuary for rest, - silence,, and" worship in a main thoroughfare of London, and, at a vast cost, lias reared a superb building, and adorned it with priceless paintings. _ An inscription inviting the weary public to enter ends with the words, "Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, and toi-oay, and for ever." An alabaster box of very precious 'ointmentisthissanctuary, and who win dare to say'in the healing of the Master, "To what purpose wan this Waste?" Some good Christians who have not much money can teach the young, or lend an excellent book, or incite others to give and do good service by collecting the Lord's dues. Thus, they, find a work which calls for such patience and forbearance as He will be eure to remember and reward. ' How beautiful is the life spent iff works of faith and labours of love! How beauti ful the ending of that life when the bond servant humbly protests, I have been honoured with a place in my Lord's house hold, yet how unprofitable 1 have been! HI. REWARD. The reward of this bond service can now jliave but very brief attention. There arises out of it a.wonderful enlargement of one's 'affections and sympathies. True, a con templation of the world's sins and sorrows may bring its sadness, but greater than tliis is the joy of diminishing them. The heart finds happiness in expanding. And what pleasure is derived from re flecting on a life spent in serving the indi gent, the ignorant, and the unhappy. A good man is humbled when, nearing the end of his course, he reviews his omissions and shortcomings, yet how satisfying the thought of work done for the great Master, and sacrifice made for the welfare of man kind! How will this satisfaction expand into ecstacy when at the last the Lord's com mendation is pronounced! And note well this truth. He will recognise us, not for our genius, not for our orthodoxy, and certainly not for our wealth or rank in this life, but for service rendered to Him, and the epithet He will use in addressing the faithful and persevering workers will be the very epithet chosen by holy apostles as dis tinguishing themselves, "Well done, good and faithful bond servants; enter ye into the joy of my Lord." Oh, glorious ending of toil! May you, my bearers, be counted worthy of this commendation from the mouth of your Lord! 