LOCAL AND GENERAL. . Postponed for a Week.— The meeting of dairy farmers convonod by tho Fnrmors' Oo oporativo Company for this afternoon has boon postponed until noxt Saturday. ATiBEBMANio Vaoanoy.— Mr John Monnghan has boon nominated for the vacant doat on the South Shoalhaven Oounoil, oaused through the resignation of Alderman Jamos Morison. The Governor's Visit. -In oonneotion with the visit of Lord Boauohainp to Nowra on the 22nd instant, tho Mayor has convonod a mooting for Monday night to arrango for a publio wol como aud ontortainmont to his Excollenoy on that ocoasion. Football — The rain on Wednesday preven ted the match being played between the Fire Brigade and Shopkoopors, but it will come oft on tho Showground next Wednesday, weather permitting. A Habitual Drunkard.— Yostorduy morn ing at the Nowra Police Court, Mr Nisbott sentenced John Stophonson to ono month's im prisonmontin Wpllongong gaol as a habitual drunkard, ho having boon three times convicted for drunkonnpss during the past 12 months. A StTAKB Yarw.— Ghost stories, fishormon's anecdotes, and snako yarns havo beoomo pro verbial for mendacity, and it is generally con ceded that tho latter don't by any means take a back seat in this rospoct, but Mr J. Kline brings us a narrative ofau adventure with a brown snake which ho vouches for ns absolutolyltruo. Last Wednesday, as Mr Kline and his gardener, named Oliver, were encaged in clear inn- a shot on Mr Kline's preraisos at Terrara, in which hay . had been stored, Oliver lifted up a slab in the floor when immediately Iho 'tailond' of- a brown snako was coiled round the lower part of his arm, Quick as thought ho put his foot on the head o[ the reptile, thus preventing its doing any mischief, but even then it had sufficient; vitality to turn and bite itself twice before giving up the ghost. Later on a socoud snake was killed iu another part of the shod. The snakes measured respectively 4ft 2iu and 3ft 9in. Dispute about a Mare ? A case batwoen Joseph'Bookerand Thomas Mooney, oonoerning the ownership of a mare, was down for hearing at tho Nowra Polioo Court on Wednesday morn ing. On the case being called, Mr Baker, solicitor, Sydney, who appeared for the plaintiff, said he was pleased to stato that the parties htu arrived at a settlement, Mr Mooney having agreed to deliver up the animal by the 16th iuBtant. Judgment was givon accordingly. CnirROir or England.— On' Thursday evening a meeting was held in the ohurch to make arrangements for the forthcoming foundation stone laying of the now churoh building. There was a good attendance considering the un favourable weather. Tho Hev. H. M. Triokott stated that ho had received a letter from tho Arohbishop informing him that Lord Beauohamp would arrive at Bomaderrv Station about 1(1.3 a.m. on tho 22nd mst, The arrangements at present were that a procession would accompany tho Governor to tho ground, aud the ceremony of laving tho stone- would take place at 11 o'clock. That would bo over about 12, when thore would be a private lunoheon at tho Rec tory, after whioh the Governor proposed to drivo to Moss Vale. It was intended to have aftor noon tea in the SohooJ of Arts, when the Archbishop and the visiting clergy would bo present, A committee of ladies was appointed to catry out tho arrangements for the tea. The Mayor pointed out that a publio meeting was to be held on Monday night to take steps for accorJing tho Governor a publio welcome, in the event of which tho arrangements for the afternoon tea might have to be altered. Mr Trickott said in the event of tho Governor re maining through tho afternoon. fpr a public demonstration, it would be a gracious thing'-for the ohuroh people to abandon the afternoon tea. The meeting then wont on to innko preparations for tho Market Day, to be held in September Mr Trickett said that severnl of the out-stations had undertaken to provido stalls, and tho outlook was most encouraging. A groat amount of business was got through, and tho indications all point to tho Markot Day of 1809 bsing a big success. ° The Most Trofitable Pig.— Tho pig that is deep in tho heart and round in the ribs will of necossity product) a larger quantity of flrst olos3 bacon, viz., prime back and ribs, than an animal that is light ohoated and flat sided. This is one of tho most valuable parts of the animal, and it is, therefore, desirable to add as muoh as possible to its weight.' Looking at' the matter from a breeder's and pig feeder's standpoint, tho pig that is deep in the heart and round or well sprung in the ribs will cortainly bo a good feeder, because he has plenty of room for his stomach, liver, heart, and all the main organs. Roundness of rib nearly always indicates a good constitution; flatness of ribs tho reverse. A pig well spruug iu tho ribs will carry consider ably more meat on the bone, and have the ribs better clothed with flesh than one of different conformation. Tub Eleoteio Teasi.— Noticeable ieaturesin connection with the construction of the George street olectrio-tram line have been the tower or trolly vans, whioh havo now been in use during a oouple of weeks in hanging and fixing tho wires, to the iron posts, Thes9 vans were im ported by H. W.Poabody and Co. for the tram way construction branch, and aro known as the Trenton trolly waggon, being manufactured by M'Oardoll, West, and Co., Trenton, N.J. U.S.A. The work of fixing the wires is being narried out 'under the supervision of the tram way construction branch engineers. Gigantic Statuary. —The formidable taak of hoisting the new statuary into position above the George-street facade of tho Market Buildings was successfully accomplished on Thursday last under the supervision of the soulptor, Mr W. P. M'Intosh. The group represents the Oity of Sydney (a draped female figure), with Labour and Commerce (male figures) on either hand. As the central figure alone weighs 11 tons, and th* group in all 30 tons, the operations so care fully carried out by.iMessrsZ, Duncan anifF. Taylor ou Thursday caused the soulptor some anxiety. Tho figures havo been hewn from the purest Carrara marble, selected by Mr M'Intosh during bis eight months' residence for that pur pose in Italy. He remained in Borne during November, December, and January, when the weather was beautiful, though a littlo snow fell. He spent a similar period at Carrara itself, a Tuscan village betwoen Borne and Genoa. During that time the marble passed through the bands of eight different art specialists and art mechanics in the process of rough hewing from tho block, a work conducted by Messrs M'Farland and Custer, of New York, Sydney, and Carrara. It now only remains for the sculptor himself to put the finishing touohes to bis conception in situ, and this will toko him 3evoml woeks more. Mr M'Intosh statos *hat tho total height of the gronp is 14ft Gin by a width of 14ft Sin. With the dome as a back jround to the white marble, the group shot'ld provo highly effective, and its completion will be iwaitod with interest.— Herald. Important Municipal Case.-— On Thursday an application was made to the Full Court con sisting of tho Chief Justice, Mr Justice Owon and Mr Justice Walkor, on behalf of tho Com mercial Bank of Australia for a rule absolute for a writ of mandamus to compol the munioipal oounoil of Lambton to make an assessment and striko a rate for tho EOrvices of tho currontyoar. It appeared according to affidavits filed in tho case that owing to tho council namod having neglected to fill certain aldermanio vacancies threo aldormon had boon appointed by the Gjv ornor, so that a quorum of the municipal body aould bo duly constituted, but notwithstanding that this difficulty had been got over the council bad taken no stop to strike a rate. Itclso Iran -ired that the original debt duo to the bank was ovor £7000 whioh amount has boon sinoo vory largely inoreased by interest, . Tho Mayor and tho majority of tho aldermen appoarod by counsol to submit to any order tho Court might raako, but tho Mayor iu his affidavit asked that some provision should bo made to moot tho oxpouso of making the aBsossmont, as tho counoil had no funds, This tho applicant bunk undertook to do, and tho Court srantod tho wjit of man-, damue. 