"WHERE IS THAT PARTY NOW?" Lust .Tamtnvy, Atr. G. II. Rcitl, In vusU emulation of the celebrated Hans Urelt- ninn, took it into his head to give a Pre mier's nart.v. The festive scene was In Mel- bourne/and the guests were live, namely. Sir George Turner, Mr. Kingston, Mr. Dick son, Sir Edward Rraddon, and Sir John Forrest. Long- before when the chances of his ever being qualified for such a function seemed remote, Mr. Rcid Indulged in some ominously pro phetic visions as to what would happen to tlio misguided New South Wales statesman who trusted himself in that sort of com pany. It would be the same as one fiscal teetotaller, lie said, going to make merry with live roaring drunkards, who would insist on nominating the tipple for the whole party. . Under the circumstances lie phophesied that a falling from grace would be unavoidable. New South Wales would have "the cursed stuff" poured down her unwilling throat, and her public men would be turned into awful examples of tlio effects of roysterous political company, even upon the steadiest and most demure natures.Ever.v word of this jeremiad Mr. Reid has lived to prove bj ocular demonstration. The party which lie gave for that purpose was held with closed doors, and when it was all over Mr. Reid emerged in the posit inn of a truly awful example to all political beholders. Federally tumbled aud tangled beyond the recognition of his most, intimate friends he came forth shouting for Eraddon's blot, singing the praises of unlimited Customs taxation and calling upon New South Wales to stamp on freetrade and democratic government, and swallow liolus bolus a new Constitution, under which it was specially provided that neither of these principles could exist. That was the result of his attempting the role of a political Hans Breitman in a secret room, where he enter- taiued the uproariously convivial company with which he had solemnly warned others to have nothing to do. But it seems that history is bent on aual- ngonsly repeating itself in connection with this pathetic affair, even unto the smallest detail. For the political Hans Breitman, having given' his party, which produced such discreditable results, tlio question arises, "Where is that party now?" And from no less than five vacant provincial places eelto dismally, answers, "Where?" The only one of the revellers politically to be found is Sir John Forrest, in far-off West Australia, where he appears to have made at least a temporary compromise with the pursuing Nemesis by repudiating (lie party with all Its works and pomps. The first of the Secret Conference Uremici's to go un der was Mr. Reid himself; then followed In quick succession Sir Edward Rraddon, the author of the blot; after which Mr. Dickson and Mr. Kingston gave up the ghost almost simultaneously; aud now, with a. heavy crash, down goes Sir George Turner. Tho position, therefore, is this: The West Aus tralian ITeniier lias washed his hands of tho Secret Conference, and of all the others who took part in it, not one is now politically alive to toll the tale. And yet It is less than twelve months since the fatal meeting was held, and at the time every one of the sub sequently wilted Ministries represented there seemed to be in the heyday of life and power. Of course, the general explanation of this phenomenon— the most, singular that has ever appeared In connection with Aus tralian polities— can only he set down to the working of Inscrutable coincidence. But it is i-einarkable all the same. And it was not nil coincidence. The ejection of Mr. Relil from office ' was due to his Federal back sliding, which alienated the support of tlio free-trade and democratic party, and left liim at. the mercy of his enemies. In his ease, therefore, matters explain them selves. Being tempted, he fell, and punish ment followed in due course. But there was no backsliding on the part, of the other Pre miers, who tempted htm, and, consequent ty, no reason why their followers should feel aggrieved. Thai is, as far as- the political results of the Secret Conference are con cerned. But there may he another reason which had something to do with the general uprising against the guests at: Sir. Hold's fatal feast. Australian electors share, with most other people, a. rooted repugnance to cut-and-dried monopolistic arrangements in which lliey have not been allowed to participate. Hence, when the assembled Premiers coolly allotted to themselves, all the fattest offices under tho proposed Federal Government, public feeling, either from jealousy or some other motive, look umbrage, and spoiled the little scheme by which every member of the con ference was to get a prize. The manner in which the formation of the future Federal Government lmd, been arranged was quite brotherly In its give-and-take liberality. That Mr. Ilelil was to be the Federal Premier went without saying. None of the others had been called upon to make such sacrillees, and all agreed that for so stupendous a feat or principle -swallowing, lie was entitled to the best billet. But tl'ero was quite enough good things to go' round amongst, till tlio little party, together with such plums as Agent- Generalships, Federal Judgeships, and other perquisites i'or the outsiders, who, al though they could not be invited to Mr. Hold's party, stood hi n convenient: position to liuvc things passed round amongst them. It litis, however, all turned out to be Dead Sea fruit. Not a single member of tho con ference remains in a position which en titles him- to the slightest preference for the Federal Premiership or any office under the now Constitution. The outer' barbarians lmve rushed Into the party-room, overturned . tho tables, appropriated tlio viands, ami | bundled tho whole of Mr. Iield's nicely. | fixed-tip' guests out Into the inhospitable | political street. What they are going to do | under these depressing circumstances is a ;j matter of somewhat interesting speculation. | Whether Mr. Held will call a mooting of ?i derelict Premiers to consider the unprecc- | dented situation that has arisen cannot, of ij course, he conjectured. But some such ij movement will naturally suggest itself as the s; only way of satisfying the public curiosity as to where is that party now. Or it may !ji he that, having lmd one drastic lesson on j | the evils of that form of .political in temper- i!" auce against which, before his own fall, he j was wont to so eloquently warn tills conn- try, lie will swear off and eschew for ever j the company which has brought him to his j present position. 