Suddenly, however, a peculiar sound broke the impressive silence — a long, low, vibrating cry that seemed half of agony, half of joy, and as the echo of it died away a little, crippled old woman, who had been carried to the altar a moment before by a little, bent old man, rose abruptly from her cramped and painful posture and, thrusting aside the hands held out to support her, took two or three steps forward, and then began . to walk firmly down the broad, central isle. Instantly all was commotion. A great wave of excitement surged over ' the congregation, agitating most strongly those near the altar, and running off" into little ripples of startled curiosity towards the rear of the church. Half-smothered exclaim- ations broke forth. " A miracle ! Another miracle !" " Who is it ? I cannot see." " I can. It is the little lame woman who was carried into the church. See ! here she comes. How straight she is, and how she smiles ! Ah, Bonne Ste. Anne! What a miracle!" And sure enough between the rows of eager, questioning faces, stepping briskly, with a wonderful light in her eyes and a wonderful smile on her lips, came Mere Julie — cured, trium- pnant ! : . . a The great steamer", with its hun dreds of devout passengers, was well started upon its h omeward voyage, and the village of Beaupre, with its green hills and shining church spire, had long since disappeared from view. Mere Julie, however, from her position of state upon the main deck, still kept her face turned towards her humble Me'cca, and her expression showed that in spirit she was still within its sacred boundaries. Around her, at a respectful dis tance, were gathered a crowd of the curious, who eyed her wonderingly, and commented in aived whispers upon her altered appearance. Pierre, as befitted his relationship, . had drawu his chair a little nearer to her side, and he had not yet ventured upon the familiarity of addressing her. Indeed he had only partially emerged from "the daze in which the events of the past few hours had thrown him. It was a. tremendous thing, he felt, to find one's self on such intimate ac quaintanceship with a recipient of miracles. Miracles ! — he Had often heard of them, but in that vague, far- off way in which one hears of ghosts and other supernatural matters. But to be the husband of a miracle, so to speak — it was a situation not to be cSmprehended in>a moment. Yet, through all the fear and amazement which consumed him, he was (juusciuus ui an overpowering curiosity, which had taken possession of him almost at the moment of Julie's cure, and which had given him no peace since. He regarded his wife tentatively for several minutes, and once or twice he opened his lips to speak, but his courage had not risen to the point which would enable him to put the burning question. At last, however, he burst forth desperately, choosing his words as they lay uppermost in his mind. " Julie," he cried, " how did it feel, that miracle ?" Julie turned her eyes dreamily on the far blue reaches of river and sky ; the grandeur and sublimity of the scene seemed to satisfy her mood. " How did it feel ?" she repeated slowly. " I cannot make you under stand. First, there was a great pain which swept me from head to foot — that was when I cried out. After the pain had passed I felt strong — oh, so strong ! I wanted to rise and walk. That was all. A great pain, and then a great strength ! Pierre pondered the words. He was not given to abstruse specu lation, but he wondered if, somehow, it would not ,be the same in that final miracle. The End. 