The Uions Skin. , : lE RED- CI < O$T;T ,,Oh the high ronad .iral.wen .Compieghe and Tcrberiej.there satandis 1i lonely'hos t*1y ;:wel^lcinownrito lie frequleilters .of the river iind thia forestt; 'for tliere they can ind .comforlnble shelter wilieniever bhy. "iny: chance. thI.e, rne wvaiting for some public convOeynce to pass; At ;the.clos.e .of wa fine' "e'vening ini Septemnbelr 1838. a miiai awentaing i. "lid blouse nid iiL.ilep of imiotioii. ottit lkin wais loitering hrc like aui, explcc' "tant, traveller, lantl.'.tlis.arrivnil of 'i; ligience going -to Panris nt laIsl. piltt nii' .eiend. to Ihe watclh..w iich lie lill been' -keepilng for ono r of the tanveii; tliesato.e of hlis purose liro bablyly haiving plrecludcd liint. fromn stleing hlispilitf.yi.:i iiidc. On, of the ip:seniigeri occupyi l, the, insiilde of the eonveytnce hiavingf git. out, thl inu.t in lthe blousea took hi! pliticc; iiO excsiuingi w?lich seemeild t1ic reverse of pleasinii to 'wo young lildie be, twveen wvllolm: lil seated himnscilf, and vli'hose ill'lniunmtoii "awns ensjLy iiccoiiiited for by the con t.rst btween .their. late Ianul present :fellow iravcller.' ' And, in .riiulh, the ilatter, wilth his tiannd ilfa lind hlit clotlles roeeliiig orf tobacco, aiip[P11'red juiiL ;Is ?llcoullih Liiiid rustic as tihe former, in spiltcoft:-tlc' siniplicity of his drcse, lilhad seemed po lite ailld well educal.tcd. lie wnsi, a. hni of about, forty. .who looked.. older or younaer thini- tliuit h ng'e;,inecordling us one exinllleild the chilnible of his :0ea-i tures or the expression , of his faceis. .lis look: was ,o ti·rnrgil, nld ticirec was such grave rcscre even. in his, smile thnt one was quite tken haeuk at.not, finding either any wriikles oin his face or grey hair, on his head. .This contri:lt he.ter undoubted' 'iphysical ,youlh aind apprentll moral miaturity would possibly h]ve shockled' ,those obserlvers who, oil 1te strength of ? . noilonl s:lillg. contenld that the sword-bl:ide of tile mind alwiys wears out, the scabhlird of the flesh, anlld wh in this waiy hold the liealth of the body to be responsible for that, of the mind. 'In the present inlst-ilxce on. seeing tlhe ;eabbard in such good coinditioin they tvwould5 4 lo? IIL'a coecldedl tthat the sword was blunti:,would they have been right ? 'I'llt is a question, which .this story will elucidate. On the arrival of the. diligencce, the landlady of the tavern had 'a.plie:iued at the door of her esia.,lishmlenlt, said. on recognising by the light of a lIamp the ?assenger who lind just. got on.t, shie eagerly rln foirward to meet him. "You. \lousieur Servi:n I" shie ex claimed with the volubility peculiar to .landies of. her profession ; "whllt - lone time if is since you were in olur prt of the countly ! You nre on your way to, Colonel llerbelin'sr, no doubt ? You'll :find youir nephew, hMonsieur Cnhblier, there. I eall hiit ' onll?sieurl ' nowe, :fol: he's becomne ia noi, and ii hulidsonie young fellow too." "Felix does well to profit by his lholi 'iiiys," replied thl traveller smiling ; i. he has. no doubt, ,told youn, Wadanme; I.ibois, that, he is enatering Sainlt-Oyr in six weeks' t.ime ?" " And in the i'menwhile," replied the ldlnindy. l " promnise you. that he's enjoy"ing himself and doesn't, give the cblonel's horses much rest. Only yea tenrdy lie passed here with Nlandaane C?ussade-" "So--M:dadnne Caussadte is staying ,with her father?" interrupted Serviun, . withl an eagernless lvhich overeanme his liahituail coolness. : " She's been Ihere almost all tihnf ,summer. She's a nioia wonmin, if you: .like, and thel what; a splendid hlusa r she would ihae nmade I Sincet poor. ,fonsieur Ceanssail 's deathd-ilear man! he was very old for her-she hasn.'t. at all given way to melancholy. She shoots, rides. and' jllnps hildges aid itclhes ip teslylei that ?makes you]r hIir 'ia*· |mi onil. We ll; it's hei idea of en Tjoymeni, and it doesn:l. hlunri "t',l'one. VlWh 1:s certain is that sho's "lwayiYs iii suclh' good spirits one might feel in 'clined to'be n wido'w too." "So you say you saw her wvith, aIy 'npheir yesteril: ?" said tih travelle r ntfectiig a1 anir of inditfebeice, "wered •they riding ?" "At full gallop thdOey always arie." " Were they alone ?" " Alonel W"liy, wher Iae o; yu beenl? lis ?ldiillne' o:nsadle Idlcen It, single si;ep for the last two nmoiths without Monisioeur'Toayrion ?" "And pray who is lihe ?" iaked Sel yian with a kind of disdain. "So you don't:I know '?Monsieur To iayi'ion ?" replied' the landlhuly, quiclk ly.' "Oh,! h's a. splendld num, wlho ainust be'a.'captain of Ciuiiassiers at lthe -leanst, -judging lIy his swa'Vgier; le's a till, dari , man wvith a, heiluvy .olllus tlacho, he always lhi.: a, whip iin liis hand anld i cigar in hii; mothli, and. ln:lhes his spurs -jingle in; he aullas. D)o b yollu know "Monsieur Tolinyrioli'?" ? " lie young ?';.".askedil the triiveller. "e?'s_. man lM f.dahout thirty, ;iid ? fine one too--yot airn'L say otherliiseii and so,irolud il 1 nshouldn't advise any Souru to itread ol his toes ori pt .him out." " Is he stayinxg at the' colonel's ?'" ," le. might: as .well.;be,, for; he's r ivsys comiing over from Parlis, pulding ";tihe tim when. he'll stop Itt ltloieuir '1: LIerhelihni for good." ' " "For good ?" repeated iServi?n i ,1.ourprise. ,: "W'halt is thero nritonislhing, inl tihat ?7 eplied Mi'ildnu "llibois; "Colonel ]ler helin's gettinll old, and if this I'dl-n ellur .l'oinnyrioion mii.rrics his daughliter, :as everyone says le will, wouldn'l, it g??1 best.foilrrihein to,live logetlihh ?" Servinil frowned and hit. 'ile lip.s. ':Duriug this, conversatioin the diligence hbdild moied on ; lie ifvtehed it forif afex .:nomnenit, its if hre regretted .,,.having !fililiteil, uliid thei: lie h iunig liii head in thought. o"You'll stop herq?i't-lighd .1i lhope' continued the. lIan dyi.di u I hati iniinu stingu:vo Oi'-wvhich landladies employ to coax .heditating customers.. Btiirieddine hispa tlioughts, the traveller didnot reply: S-It's alost eleven ' resninnd Mfa dlmne .Ttibos wviiniingly ; you',aon t think of .goingt ori to the colonel's to-. ihight ? It's 'diiord than: ai. mile and, a. half fron here, and yotu won't be .able tosee u- yard before you. You'll. hlave t.o o.tliroiugl tlihe forest and at hlis time of night,. you might meet with: daolgerous characters.- 'So, with youi permission, Monsieur Ser vian,_'ll get your bed.readly .V Will you ha.vesonie supper bIefore yon' go to bed ? Wd'-haveesome splendid game." " Thanks, Mfdane 'u ibois;", replied Serviiin, foused at length from his re verie' by his questioner's interested at teritions,;" I'll be your custeriter. some, other time,; I can't stop now." "But the night is as darlt ' a. wolf'so month; you'll lose y;ourself for cer tain." "I know/tlhe way. T'ake care of my luggage, please. I'll send for it to-" " Don't' trouble to do that, Monsieur, Ser'vin, someone shall. bring it for you," ieplied, ?the hlandldy, who, in Opite of -herr disappointment, thoiighli it,;as well' to be obliging towards .a young malin with, whose' generosity. she was fully acquaintitd. Thereupon setting off, the traveller left the highway and entered the d0orest of Compiegne by ,' road closed to vehicles, "but. which foot. passengers coiild make, use, of at ail hours. For' some time 'lie walked rapidly along, ih no way- incommoded "by the' priofound (dairlkness. After the lapse of about ten minutes or.so hle turned to the left without hesitation .and' took a fresh! path which soon brought ,him out of. the foresti l'Ee theii found himself in a- darrow roadway bordered on one side by a fringe of forest, and on the other by: a ditch crowned 'by a. hedge which' served as a boundary to Colonel 1Her-: hbein's grounds. lie followed this road withoiut slack ening his pace, in spite of the stones: with which like most parish rad:s it was strewn, aal.d stopped at length at the foot 'of a. hiige tree, the bark of swhich lie felt with his hands. Having found a. hole.of whlich he was in search, the noctura.l wayfna'er got down into' the ditch, and, with 1 one vigorous' spring, landed oi. the top of the oppo site bank. The hedge which confront- ed himn did not long linpede his further progress. Will the suppleness of a snake he glided through it narrow opening which only a, perfect know ledge of the locality could have en iabled hint to distinguish in the' dark lness, aind found himself almhnost mine diately within the park. The spot where Servia, Ihal so. un-. ceremoniously gained admittance en joyed a mournful notoriety due to a tragic event which had happened four and twenty years previously, and. of which the lapse of a. quarter of a cen-' tury had not effaced the recollection. .During the invasion, of 1814 a soldier belonging to a Russian detaclhmcnt which had beeu tluartered in the colo nel's house had been guilty of a breach of discipline, for which thle militaury regulations of his country considered the knout to be too mild. Accordingly he was shot ait this very spot and then' buried in a. hole dug out, beforehand, without any more ceremony than) might attend the obsequies of a horse' or dog. A slight ridge in. tile ground and" two. or three dents made lgy tile bullets inl the bark of the. plane tree beneath which the soldier had kneltt formed the sole remaining tokens of this bloody execution. 1tar from pIresenting a dis n:al appearance, tile "Cossack's (Grave,". clad with rich grass andl shacled by a mighty tree, seemed to invite passers-. by to take a. seaat onL its verdant cushion. A Parislan, especially during the day time, woull ihve Lapproached this gave without the slightest concern ; but rural superstition, that clinging mist which the light of the nineteenth century has not. yet dissipated, kept most of the neighhouring inlhabitaints uta respectab le isitalnc fronm such a fomlinidable spot. If ptpuhtlar tlraditioni ivas to be believed, upon, iore ilihan one occasion some belated peasant trudg ing along the road which skirted the ipairl had suddenly seen theo defunlet Cossack armed with t gigantie lance rising up before hit. Strong-minded people maintained in vain t hat this ghlost was merely one of the pines or polahrs planted along Monsieur I1erbe lin's hedge ; tihe mjority, however, always ineliiied to credit thle nmarvel Ious, necepted hlie nocturnti appari lions of the dead soldier as an. article of faith; some folks even professed i.liat they had seen himi. mounbed on his horse and g:lllopilng oil like i. witch bound -fdr somiie inllcanniy tissigmuLtioti, .but those versed -i. miracles rejected this version. oi the ground that the ghostly quality is peculiar to naal, anid that. beusts have no share in, it. At all events, to pass along tio. road' by the sidleof which the "Cossack's Grave" was situnted' eemed'n:i act of temerity which very.fdw lieople withini a dis timce ,of tix .miles; round 'wonuld, have' einttiiied iupon uinless :absolutely ob liged to.it. . So fir -and in spite of the profound darkness, the wayfarer hail kept onl his course with air asissin',nee which nuigiht ihavo led' one' toi suppose thal:t his eyoes possessed that marvelloils power of vision which cuts, haLve in the dark: At one m.noiient,, :however, this faculty seemed, to desert hiun.' Altllougl ..lie .wnas wilkinig clmutilously aloing, on ac count of the trees. with which the park was planted at irregltdar intervals, he gradually deviated from the line he had marked Ollut for hiself a?nd ca:me into someiwhalt violent collision with the plane tree of which. we have spoken. " This is tile ' Cossack's Grave.' " lie thought to himself. feelilng the ba'rk of the tree scale off in liis hind, ad, not ing a hillock i.t his feet. " I'm wrong iinmy cnlculations ;-I the padl leading to the hlouse is more to the right." , ] F"'earing'lest hoe' migilht go farthei astlay, Seiviain stoodt still for a into .ment, trying to make sure of his ]hear ifgs, and jusnt as'e w i scttging out again ni incident wihich wivs as strange as it was unexpected; piiit til.end to hisi ulncertaint;t and showed hli:: the vway lie oloiht to tike Intliie :tirniti in ?i which hel)Ibped t6oilnd the path which, na' li'klciiew, led 'ii almost at .straight line,to the colonel's house, -l1 suddenly b eheld;' at t '-distanco:which Tlihe dark iices e ould not permit liim to estimatce, a light, with tremblilngir?s. that flick cred amidst the shallows, without hav iiig "tificieit. stirliigtlih .to disperse them. . .This.species of beiacon,'vwhose motive power so far.. remained. invisible, ap-; proached by leaps "andl. bioumnds, like; thiose w'iill-o'-the- visps which .sdonle t imdesleb n travellers ? stray iinmarisliy places. In. proportion its it came nearer' to0Serrian, the hlatter could distinguihi more .plainly a strange-looking object that the mysterious light seemctd to be drawing in its waket ; finally he ob tained afull view of it, and then there appedred beforc 'his eyes an object capable of terrifying any men whose neroes were lnot as strong as those of. -that tcrribleSuintt Anthony who gave thel'Ifiend ti soatnd thrashing:every lime that he took the liberty of:temnpting himn. a (To lie Continied.) 