IN AND ABOUT PARLIAMENT. MINISTRY AGAIN THREATENED. NO CONFIDENCE MOTION LIKELY TO BE TABLED. The political atmosphere is still electrical, notwithstanding the storm of last Aveek. In the lobbies the Avant of confidence de bate of the preceding Thursday on Mr. lucker's motion is now dismissed as a "bogus affair," and as not giving the slight est indication of the true feeling of the House tow-ards the Ministry. Indeed, it- is stated that the GoA'ernment had hurriedly brought the Tucker motion from the bottom to the top of the notice paper and insisted upon treating it as a want of confidence proposal, because the astute "whip" of the party had reported that the 17 legal mem bers of the House. Avouid not, and could not, support it, and thnt some 23 of the candid friends of the Government Avere absent. A victory was thus assured ' for Ministers. But all that is to be changed this Aveek — to day, in fact, Avlien the Government is to be challenged to battle. If all one, hears in the lobbies be true. Ministers' are to be speedily "dished," once the ma noeuvring is oa'er . and the frontal attack determined on. It is stated, that the Moav is to conic from the Ministerial hack benches, Avliere the dis content and dissatisfaction have been sim- mering for Aveeks. If the Avant of confidcnccmotion he tabled this afternoon the House will at once ad journ until Thursday, Avlien the debate will be opened, and a division is to he insisted on before the sitting closes. The contemplated attack is to be based upon laches of Minis ters in the administration of. their depart ments, and their conduct of business in the House. Mr. M'Loan will, it is stated, table the motion, Avhich is to be carried with the help of the Opposition. The Government, on the other hand, declares itself strong enough to win, and the talk is that if al lowed to get into recess there will be a re construction of tho Cabinet; and that hook, if baited properly, will probably land not a few big fish. Although there is all this gossip, and much more besides, current in the lobbies, in the House itself yesterday nothing but most matter of fact topics aa'crc touched upon. The only ominous growl Aims raised early in the sitting by the loader of the Op position, avIio asked Avlien printed copies of tiie report and evidence in the Jackson case Avouid be circulated amongst members. "As soon as p'ossible," replied the Premier, Avhich A'ague promise Sir. Gillies declared to he "unsatisfactory to all parties con cerned." The a'entilation of mines question came before the House incidentally, upon a motion for replenishing the empty c<c chequer of the Ventilation Board, whicli has been inquiring into this matter. in a fine leisurely fashion for 12 months or more, an Lin.- Lime, as . air. jrorton put it, there is a great sacrifice of human life, some 15 per cent, of the deaths amongst miners being attributable to had. under ground A'entilation. The Minister of Mines said the department Avas "really anxious" to get at a solution, and in fact urns hopeful about being on the right lines at last. The discussion, however, Avas inconclusive be- yond the A-oting of the money asked for the board's expenses. Raihvay matters w-ere briefly referred to in the preliminary business. The .Neerim South to Neerim line Avas shelved as a broad gauge raihvay, but the Minister would not altogether dash the hopes of the promoters of this Avork, for he hinted at a revival of the project hereafter in the guise of an inexpensive narrow gauge line. With regard to the projected raihvay from Neiv- toAvu to Pitfieid, the House, on tne motion of the Minister, agreed to send that line to the Standing Committee, for renort, Pit- field being recognised as one of the most- promising mining districts in Victoria. ' It-Avas made obvious at the very outset of' the consideration of the estimates that 'the Government Avouid experience Ilea vy . wea ther and run the risk of many shoals before it £'c?red tlje. Parliamentary vessel/through, lill the items of departmental expenditure. The vciy first division dealt with in com mittee of supply w-as that involving the sal aries of officers of the Legislative' Assembly. It was ' proposed in the schedule that the Speaker's remuneration should be raised from £1000 to £1250; the Chairman of Com mittees from £040 to £740, and the. Clerk of the Assembly from £880 to £1000, with other increases in more or less proportion. Mr. Wilkins, the strong lunged representa- tive of Colliiigwood, was not prepared to sanction these additions until he knew Avhat Avas going to he given the poorly paid ser- A-ants oi tne estate. Talcing the hint the Premier made a statement setting forth Avhat Avas proposed in. respect of gaol ward ers, policemen, .telegraph messengers, school teachers and the remainder of the vast ar ray of Government employes. This did not check the discussion of the item. Mr. Murray spoke up vigorously for the Ioaa'. salaried men, and demanded regard for them before salaries of £1000 a year Avere raised. These observations led to an all round condemnation of any increase in the Speaker's salary, which it.wna contend ed Avas quite sufficient for tlic duties of the office. Mr: Gillies supported the item in one of those remonstrating, "is-it-Avorth ivhile," "does-tlie- hon.-ineiriber-mean it" speeches that make the youiiger-generatiorteof Par liamentarians Avondcr Iioav the member for Tooralc ever came to occupy ' the position of Premier. It " 'was the old Story, Mr.' Gillies ' 'maintained, of cutting doAvn the- "tall poppies"; it w-as a mistake to he parsimonious in deal ing aa'ith important . State appointments. Having broken tho vast silence that hung about him so long, Mr. A. L. Tuclcer is be coming quite garrulous. He talked very pointedly last night about giving advances to Avell paid officers at the same time that savings bank depositors were despoiled of £70,000 by being compelled to take a lower rate of interest than was paid by any Co- vernanent in the Avorld. One of the sledge hammer speeches of the evening Avas that of Mr. Kirton, who spoke with a fire and "energy Avhieli made one imagine he Avas in earnest. The text of the member for Ballarat West Avas the old age pensions scheme, and lie challenged the Go vernment for giving handsome increases of Kfllnrv wlinn nnftiinm wnc In Via rlnnn fs. ik. ' «uviiiuh uvuu lOi HIB aged pioneers of the colony, Avho were forced into benevolent asylums or sent- to gaol: He charged the Premier Avitli insincerity in bringing down a pensions scheme Avhich he knevv could not he carried. Sir George Turner did not sit quietly under this casti- gation. He flared up and angrily retorted that the Government Avas just as sincere as anybody in'the House. Tiie Opposition lis tened to Mr. Ivirton's indictment with the keenest rclisli, and, alluding to the runiors floating about the Chamber, Mr. Slaughton inquired if this sliOAved hoav, the cat jumped. "Verc is dot barty noAv?" has been. asked of Hans Breitman's . famous congeners. "Where is the Premier's old age pensions scheme?" queried Sir. Kirton. "Why, Sir. Chairman," exclaimed the member for Bal larat West in impassioned tones, "that scheme is as dead as Julius Caisar's1 ghost." In the midst of the uproarious laughter that greeted this bull, Sir. Kirton gave- lip the ghost and stopped lus comparison at Cesar. I-Ie contended, finally, that the Go vernment .should follow- ih e example of New Zealand and pay old age pensions out of the general revenue. . ' Slember after member on both sides of the House jumped upon the Speaker's rise of £5 a Aveek. Sir. Salmon spoke sarcasti cally of the topsy turvydom of the leader of the Opposition supporting a Government proposal; and the independent Sir. Sloule avIio is a consistent follow-er of the member for Brighton, also tlireAV a cold douche on Sir. Gillies by refusing to vote a larger sal ary to the Speaker as long as other em ployes of the State Avere treated unjustly. The self-denying ordinance imposed by Slinisters themselves in continuing. the. re ductions of their ow-n salaries Avas the sub ject of much banter by Sir. Carter, who obserA-ed that in his experience the Slinister of Agriculture Avas the only member of the Slinistry avIio appeared to/have sufficient funds to ask a roan to have a drink;:. Owing to thcivyextrcme poverty Slinisters coiild not exercise the ordinary duties of hospita lity. All avIio spoke paid a high tribute to Sir. Slason's ability as Speaker, hut they did not approve of , tho additional £250 a year, a division upon an amendment reduc ing the amount by £1 (to show the feeling of the House) being carried by 49 a-otes to 22. The result of the division is that the Speaker will have to be content Avitli his present Parliamentary income of £1000 a year. In reply to a question, the Premier intimated that he Avouid take the decision of tiie committee as affecting the President of the Legislative Council, the Speaker, the Chairmen of Committees of both Houses and the Commissioner of Titles. The mournful part of the Avhole matter is that the in creased salaries have been paid since 1st July, and tlicy will now- have to be refunded. An attempt Avas made to veto the increase of salary proposed to be given to the Clerk of tiie Assembly, but on a representation that the advance from £880 to £1000 Avas a restoration of a previous reduction, the amendment Avas not pressed. Tho Legislative Council practically spent the Avliole of the sitting over the Iavo Water Bills, Avhich Avere eventually passed through all stages. Tho Machinery Bill Avas recom mitted for the purpose of making a few- un important alterations.. The other hill, being purely a financial measure, did not undergo any alteration,' though one or tAvo members f (Yll tllf> ntAnnrfltnifv fn »ifti»»f nut liAio tlinin earlier predictions had been fulfilled, and the irrigation scheme had proved a huge bungle. The House bore patiently Avith these Avise-after-the-evcnt deliveries, except Avlien hon. members Avaridered off into dis sertations on raihvay deficiencies and selec tors' rents arrears; . and after half a dozen members had spoken the bill was agreed to. 