MR. YEMM-S ORGAN RECITAL. There was a large attendance at the North Adelaide Baptist Church on Monday evening, when Mr. L. W. Yemm gave a successful orean recital, which was inter spersed with vocal numbers. The pro gramme was a judiciously selected one, and was calculated to manifest Mr. Yemm's powers on the beautiful instrument over which he has the good fortune to preside. The different selections were played with the organist's usual taste and refinement, and each was heartily applauded. Tbe pro Eme included 'Offertoire No. i' y), 'Toccata et Fuga in D Minor' l), 'Nocturne in D Minor' (Cliopin). 'Mdodie' (Salome), ''i?chiJler march' (Meyerbeer), variations on hymn tune, 'As pants the hart,' 'Spring *onjr'' (Mendels sohn), and fantasia Gip»y life*' (LaThier). Three of Jlr. Yemm's pupils contributed songs. The** were Misses Neinaber and Gluyas and Mr. J. Chamberlain, each of whoM sang with much success. A concert was given on Monday evening in the Goodwood Institute by tbe Federa Concert Company on behalf of tbe Building Fund. The programme was of the variety type,, and comprised songs by Misses G. Macfarlane. A. G. Percy, M. Berry, and Messrs. S. Percv, J. and T. Beatty.and Mr. P. Carstens. Excellent ventriloquial en tertainment was provided by Mr. G. Lau der, and an exhibition of dubswinging was oven by Mr. E. W. Attridpe. Two farces, r*Goodwood Ghost' and 'Searching for Talent,' were played by the company. An enjoyable entertainment wtos given by the Misses Minchin and pupils to their friends of Walkervflle and Medrndie on Saturday evening last at the WattcerviUe Hall. Jt was on tbe occasion of the mid winter holidays, and the programme inclu ded a concert, a play, and a dance. The attendance was large. The concert part was carried out by the little pupils in admirable style. It included a piano duet, Indian ejubswincing, songs and choruses, recita tions in French and F'trl'«h- ribbon drill, ?nd dumbbell exercises. The play, 'A Scene in Flowerland,' was a pretty spectacle. The children, who were dressed to imitate dif ferent flowers, performed their parts with sreat spirit under the guidance of a little fairy. It was the original work of Miss Ruth Minchin. and showed great care in its preparation. Dancing followed, and all felt it the end of the entertainment that they bad enjoyed a pleasant and refined evening's amusement. **Do you find the scarecrows any use for taving tbe crops?' 'Yes, certainly; you see it works out in this way. Every tramp lhat comes along crosses the field to see if the clothes are worth stealing. He finds they aren't, but then he's helped to scare the crows away.'' 'Wihat are the last teeth that come?' asked a. teacher of a class in physiology. |Talse teeth, mum,' replied a boy who had just waked up on the back seat. 'No,' said the fair girl, 'it.'s no use. You don't come up to my ideal.' ''Perhaps not,' he-answered. 'But I don't care if I can only set anywhere near my own.' 'Your own?' she answered. 'What is your idcalf 'You,' he whispered. * 