£ & H y M U n i l n ^ i h M e e i T ee clooki .strike the fislf-bodr afte^ three at Ip s s i.u p tbe stiff rise of Bon* vbrie street. Tfaft hot tocste bftre left m£ in need of refrelhdteut, sild ft hospitable light up in a bye street temjits me. Al the dour of a uaiet pttbliohotse Itandl 4 short, broad slLoulderbd iudikidiUI, Who eyes liie as I Approach with tqijiieltfti; la m about to pais h itt when his fist bars toy passage. 41 xod ain’t a Fresintafi;" he says . sivcTely• ,f For to-hight, i t least,4'.! reply evasively. / ' Now, db^’t you tryand get over me wc kiows. our reg'lar bostomepa, and you aio’t one on 'e a i W e don't keep open at ibis tilde of eight for the likes of you. off you go I" He was justified ; for, as I afterwards learnt, toe license is only greeted oa cooditioa that working ffceismen elooe ore served io tbe night hours. A Fleet street eeffsc home i s ! 00 snfib restrictions. I btty the a itesfiing cup ftud a bun for twopauoft, Vctirfi (0 ooe of thfc beohhes and gUnbe ftrppndffi^ lhe> .U aeic olefin enongh, thoughvthst deieripaon oafioot aeourately be apjilied to all who crowd the benches. I t is ft eorioss gstheriag, and over it deep, lik t e sword .of Damoel*fr han(a reedy to loti •t soy momeoL Now and again, indeed* « head drops forward, and a gentle snore proclaims (he reason. My immadiate neighbor — cosoeeied closely wYF" pr.nier's iok, or se bis clothes best witness—is in this condition t'reseavly he rouses himielf end glaooes at me euap-oioualy. 44 fired, my friend f " I murmur politely. "Funeral," snuffers he of the ink stains, aed again sleeps peaoefally. I admit that X was puttied. Waiting until I noticed eigns of reluming animation, X asked for an explanation of the mystery, “ Wby, governor, it’s like this. Wbeft a men who has Worked ell night bis to bury his enot all day, eefns al I've been doing, be wsnls ell ute rime fcft csn get for repost." Frote s group in ft Corner risbs. eiiddbnlj (fa cqund of srgsment, and I take, tbe liberty of listening. " I toil you I ain't afraid of my opioiops or who.'ears'em. I ’ve got the courage of biiog xocviated, as th aj say* IE SaUsburee w en setvtag here; drinking 'is cawfee sociable, I'd put it lo him straight. W hat does the British workman get out of your blooming old army and navy, I'd say. And who pays for ibem, I'd aay* I'd like to make these blooming old ironclads take tbe British working man end ’is family and 'is beer for sea trips on Bank ‘Ohdays, that I would." Stow that, Bill) I f we ’adn’t they chips we should have (be frepgiet ever here in le u nor no time ( and they’d ^ be shoving (he likes of fou into a iftgfi along of poor old D reefas/' And so tbe talk gost forward, but t hsvs stayed long enough, and p tis te the street, again. A student of human nfttfirS will find much that will interest him ven at this early hour. Here a littla rowd, clustered round a lamppost, ora agerly reading, in advance copies of a porti&g; Paper, the details of the 'latest price fight. An Irishman, intoxicated ith more than patriotism, cserftheft own the pavement flourishing a stick, odeiagfoge «ong io .which E a g lfa d li belabored iti the Verses, and «oft» igned to the nether regions ia tho horus. I treabU fqr tbs safeto qf he P vnch windows; bni, .regiiuring ight. Nemrait. in (he shape jof a man fa ice, it following th e 11 pstbriot0 jn use hadow ef tbe honse* Another "injustice o Ireland " will prcbsbly occur iu the ext few minute*. Here aod there abont be entraooe to the snore dismal side treets and court* loiter tnelaoeholy and isreputable men. They do aot work, or eg, or steal; at least.so far as it ie ossible to ieb. According to thft Fleet treet story; they sr* the ghosts ol bad ournalists ooodemsed to linger through he night on the scene of tkeir labors, find anish at 000k crow I The clock now stands at a <jnarlai tp five, and Ih h rrk hack to the. publiinibg room of tee journal I visitad earlier fa theerening. From the pri&tizig; rooni the throb and ham show that the work thare is still iu fall awing; b at great' bundles of the morning's paper already he piled ou the publishing eottatoft, end the firit of the carte (hat are to carry them to the various stations is alresdy being loaded. Tunapiesiet.audashad* cf anxiety flits aoroii the face of the head publisher, aud communicates itself to his subordinates. 41 Tbs Easton cart is ready now/' fct stys, at list, turning to n s . From the floor of the room to the street there is a drop of • ;ood ten feet, so thst tbe top of the paper ■den Osft is level with the epss door hrough wfiish I moat pass. I step tip nd curl up beside the driver eft hft athers up the drain*. 4,x c u will bftre o took sharp to save the train/4 says a oioe from the lighted door above u s j he next iestant cur gallant y o u r faerae priors forward with ft blatter 01 sliapiad f allppiog hodfi, ftnd w i ore e a - t e tiaton Btatiob. Bare the trains 1 That is the motto ef the newspaper worid we Ruts U ft behind n* ■ Watch in hold, t noted the time as we fiew along; for, fa troth, we seemed like to bsve little enough of it to spsre* Tbe driver knew it aod pressed oa with tho speed of a Jehu and the care ef a family coachman; tb eh ersek o ew it and took his tatm agt like the Derby favorite round Ta(teoham Corner. A vision ef thousands of indignant N orth eiuntrynten, deprived of their favorite paper, rose before me, W ith what seowti would they sit them down to addraii their protest* to the editor; with w hit vindictive joy would they stamp and post their denunciatory epistles; I could see it aU -a n d trembled I I bed no time to note the straits as we flaw along hrough the lirht mists of morning) I t es a eirenitoui courts we took, for the og «od tbejfroitb.d turned wood pave­ we could we avoided it. Now «ud agate IB in Ml* tbe (ftillaesi h lln ... r,t of .L. tk# silent streets . aod • respsotable squares I could hsar the distant rattle of ether swiftly drives » tta , u i k m (h it i t t . u t « . ««n not the l.lt t t . t M otai.,. At l.ngth, with h . coH, , r . , .Iia w .r of d itto i m hsm, tbe tall entrance gates at Euitou prang up baton ui end, with fttorly en m iniU s to spare, we charged through f ,B I .V ^” 5 *P triumphsutly wader fa statUa rooE.-O arrrilr Mm*a ties. a n . K o u c u i ^ i ^ . r s : tn in the ritd Edition et fha Ke«« is .sent to th e gant, Mr Gordon, Storekeeper.* . ^ 