A Boyal Christinas Party. i In the early days of her married litó' the Queen used to heep Christmas regularly at "Windsor Castle. Since the death of tho Prince Consort, however, she has made it a practice to; spend the greater part of the winter months <at her home by tho sea, which is her very own, "free from all Woods and Forests," as she herself said, referring to the department of that name. | Long before Christmas Mr: Tait, the Queen's butcher, has fixed his eye on a prime ox of the Queen's herds, which is to supply the baron of beef for the Royal table. This animal is by a carious old custom first bought' at a fixed price by the butcher, who then sells the baron of beef to the head cook of the Royal kitchen also for a fixed price. The cooking of this huge Joint ls a tremendous business." .It-is spitted length waysT on a great spit which turns in sockets, and Ts. worked by a handle somewhat after the fashion of a barrel- organ. It takes,an**enormous time to cook all the meat right through. Probably the most important item of the Christ- mas fare is the plum pudding- that essentially English dainty. The ntaking pf this takes time. The mere mixing of the vast mass bf ingredients takes hours of stirring with large forks and ladles in which all the staff of the: kitchen work in shifts. It ls a regulär rule that a good-sized pudding, from the great parent pudding,- is sent to every household of the Queen's posterity, a:.d the rest goes as the Queen's plum pudding to Osborne. There is a story that on one occasion a Queen's messenger, who was carrying th© Royal plum pudding to the German Emperor, had the box snatched from him in a German station by a thief, who evidently did not know the nature of the con- tents. There waa a hot pursuit, but eventually the rascal got away by flinging the box Into a pond, from which it was fished out with "its con-* tanta uninjured. Aa..-'these puddings have some distance to go, and the-making takes time, it is not surprising that the work begins early in December. Made and cooked in this way the pudding will keep for a. year, and only requires to be. slightly cooked again tb be in excellent condition. Christmas Eve is devoted tp a regular good old fashioned Christmas, such as we associate with snow and ghost stories. The school children come up in their best attire to the palace for a merry afternoon, which includes a bountiful tea with plenty of good cake, a concert of carol sing- ing by the young voices, and a much-enjoyed pro- cess of despoiling a fairy-like Christmas tree of_ its glittering concents; all of which are carried off in small hands or pockets to be the. delight of the -village-for many a day.:i.:rt-',*;?:-rr---^ ^ In the evening the Queen's grandchildren enjoy their Christmas "tree, with "great games of blind man's buff, forfeits, and snapdragon, with' the ad ditlonial delight of th© weird illumination pro- duced by throwing salt on the burning spirit. Christmas morning opens with presents--which, moj^'overi* have been arriving all through the i We%»jr^The number of packets and letters which ¡ arrive at Osborne at this period of the year is perfectly surprising. . . " §;Jrn^addition to the Queen's relations there is". ! a "c'e^^^ number of subjects who are privileged: to exchange offerings, with her Majesty at this season of* the year. . ». So much is this privilege desired' by others that a certain millionaire ..made overtures to know "W&ther; he might, be permitted to, offer the Queen fa' inost magnificent diamond necklace as a Christ- mas gift, but was informed that .the favor was only granted, to personal intimates of her Ma- jesty. :' .'-"<.. ...'*;' . , : - On the other .hand, It is. quite, certain that If some old woman or child on the Osborne Estate brought up a piece of knitted-work, or anything - of that kind as a-Christmas offering, it would be cordially received with gracious words. The Christmas service - is- celebrated in the Chapel Hoyal by the rector of "Whippingham Church, the Rev. Clement Smith (Chaplain to tho Queen). After luncheon the Queen goes for her drive as usual with one of her daughters or granddaughters, and the young people amuse themselves in their own way. Of course the great event of the day is the Christmas dinner, when the delicacies, which have been specially prepared, are served in all their glory with brave trimmings- of holly, and the finest wino IB brought up from the Royal [ cellars to wjish down the repast. 