CAPETOWN,' SOUTH AFRICA'. ' ,^"«»» « """",,, 1-Parliament House and Table Mountain. 2.-Avenue of Firs at Rondebosch. 3-Native Water Carrier. 4-Avenue at Claremont. 5-The Railway Station. 6 and 14-Views in the Bonnie ? Gardens 7 -View on the Main Road at Wynberg 8.-Capetown and J.-Parliament^House^an^ \\_Sllver Trees, Table Mountain. lO.-Hout Bay. ^-Wale-street and St, Geom** pedral. 12.-Government Avenue.. 13.-A Bend on the Kloof-road. 15,-Adderl^tr^t, looking North from Darlm^tre^ Capetown, South Africa. (See illustrations on pages 32 and 33.) Capetown, so far as population is concerned, Has be«m dethroned from the position of premier South African city, for Johannesburg has far out stripped her. ' Capetown numbera something over 80,000 people-far less than Brisbane, the popu lation of all Cape Calony ts about a million a. d a half, but only about 400,000 are whites, and Pondoland (annexed in 1894) brought. 200,000 moro negroes. Tlhe social, industrial, and political 'differences between South Africa and Australia are, therefox-e, enorme us, ai.d, long-after the present racial difficulties among the whites arc settled, many serious problems are sure 11 arise, mving to the presence of such a mats .:f colored helots. South Africa is "making hist ry" at an exceptional pace, and, unless all the signs fail, she has within her various territories th¿ materials for many startling developments. Tho name Cabo Tormentoso (Cape of Storms), given to the Cape by the Portuguese in 1487, is cha racteristic of the changes and vicissitudes through which the colony has passed up to the present period. "When the Portuguese navigator re ported his discovery, the King of Portugal was so struck with its importance that he re- named tho penirsula the Capo of Good Hnpe. Ten. years la ter, in 1497, Vasco de Gama doubled the Sape and reached India in safety, after a vryage which hal taken eleven months to accomplish. But,.'instead of following up their discovery, the '?Portuguese seem ti have been quite content to uso Table Bay as a place to run for shelter in bad wea ther. Later on, when, the English and Dutch traded more extensively with the east, tvey often called at the Cape, and posted letters in their ow i primitive fashion, putting them under. D'S stones, on which they marked the name of the vessel, etc., . for the benefit of those ships which were to fol low. In 1620 the English had a chance of acquir lng this little-valued promontory; but, .like the Portuguese, they were unwilling to assume any dominion there. To the Dutch must be C3nc:d-:d the honor, of discovering its value, if only as a sort of half-way station to the East. The Dutch East India Company appear to have taken possession' of the Cape in 1652, and their difficulty in inducing people to emigra.e from Holland a few years later resulted in the fol ow ing scheme: Nine soldiers and sailors in the em ploy of the company, and men of good character, were discharged and given free grants of laud at Rondebosch. From time to time, Germans, Danes, Portuguese, Flemish, and Dutch sa'lo a and soldiers were discharged and given grants of land, and started cultivating the soil. Int rming ling with the natives, and later on with the or phan girls sent out from the institutions at Am sterdam and Rotterdam, they formed the beginning of what is now called the Boer or burgher popula- - tion of South Africa. Even in those early diys they seem to have had very fixed ideas on the "Uitlander" subject; for when the Huguenot emi grants settled there, under the protection of the Dutch Government, they-were very soon forbidden to speak or write the French language. The bur ghers very promptly put an end to any fool'sh ideas that they might have had as to remaining French, though settled on foreign shores. Their children were not allowed to even speak or learn the language of their mothers and fathers. The . Dutch Reformed Church was thrust down their : throats;, and an appeal to the Governor, Van der Stell, was met; with the. sharp: reply that "they must restrain their French impertinences." When Capetown capitulated to the English forces in 1795 the rule of the Dutch East India . Company came to an end, though it passed into the possession of Holland again when it was eva cuated by the English in 1803. Re-taken by thc Britishem 1806, its varying fortunes were appa ' rently settled in 1815, when the colony was finally ceded, to, Great Britain, Sharp and clear against a deep blue sky, Table Mountain stands boldly outlined, like some storied battlement of old, keeping watch and ward over the city which nestles under its mighty shadow. Or* covered with soft, fleecy white clouds, its broad summit is lost to view. Then it wears the garb of mystery so typical of Africa, the Ishmael ' of nations. With them, but not "of them," the old Dutch dwellings still mingle their quaint flat roofs with the modern colonial houses and shops. . which are rapidly altering, the old-world look of Capetown. But the white-washçd walls of the Dutch houses, and their terraced fronts, bear'si lent witness to tho quiet, sleepy days of long ago. Here on those very terraces (stoeps) the drowsy summer evenings were spent, or else beneath the shade of the trellised courtyards at the rear. Here the Dutch dignitaries of high degree drank tea to gether, or, wildest dissipation of all, assembled Inside at evening parlies, which end ed when 9 o'clock was boomed from tho gun at the old castle. The present rail way station stands in a once fashionable Iocaluy, the old Heerengracht of the Dutch functionaries of a century back. It is now known as Adderley street, and bears more strongly than any other street in Capetown the signs of British occupa tion and modern architecture. Shops, offices, banks, and various public buildings stand on eith er side of Adderley-street. .' A little beyond are the Houses of Assembly. A handsome block of buildings, standing in ornamented grounds, it is surrounded by gay parterres, filled with choice shrubs and brilliant Cape flowers. At the en trance, facing Adderley- street, .stands a hand some marble statue of the Gnu. Prom Wale street one gets a picturesque view of St. George's Cathedral', apparently embowered In old-fashioned gardens, but the classic Grecian front really faces a busy sti- eet. Beyond Wale-street is the beauti ful leafy avenue pf oaks, which'extends for nearly a mile, having Government House on one side and the far-famed Botanic Gardens on the other. The Public Library faces the oak avenue, and contains what is probably a unique collection of rare manuscripts, native dialects, and original editions of old English works, presented to the colony by Slr George Grey. Venerated by Eng lish and Dutch alike, his statue stands in thè Botanic Gardens; while on'every side colleges, Houses of Parliament, a public library, and a museum bear solid proof that his belief in the future of Capetown was no Idle dream. The gardens, were originally planted by the Dutch East India Company to protect the fruit; and' vegetables grown for their use in the early days of their settlement in the colony. Flowers and shrubs of all nations bloom side by side in .grace ful profusion. Winding paths twine amidst the cool, shadowy groves, formed by thick clusters of graceful trees, whose trailing branches almost sweep the ground. An ever-moving kaleidoscope of color is presented to the eye In watching the gay dress of the natives, Malays in particular, as they flaunt past, robed in the most gorgeous silks, vieing with the most brilliant southern flowers; they «add a constant charm to Capetown scenery. Faces of every shade and color, from the deepest ebony to the fair English blonde; dress of every variety, from the proverbial fig leaf to the commonplace tweed suit and straw hat of the Englishman abroad-von SOB t.hpm n.li there. Above all is the vivid blue Africar sky, against which every leaf quivers as if in stinct with life; and towering up in massive grandeur the rocky heights of Table Mountain form a noble background. Driving through the thickly-wooded suburbs of Rondebosch, Wynberg, and Claremont, one sees on every side traces of the wisdom and foresight of the early Dutch settlers. Noble avenues of oaks and firs wind for miles, and form a delicious shady retreat from the. burning African sun. To Adrian Van der Stell, Governor of the co'.ony In 1699, and to his son who succeeded him, is due the credit of acclimatising the English trees, which now form such a delightful shelter during the long trot days of summer. Governor Van , der Stell bore the name of listening very readily.,, to "reasons that jingled,", and he seems to have kept a sharp eye to the useful as well as the pic turesque; the now celebrated vineyards of Con stantia, at Wynberg, having been originally plan ted and named by that astute old gentleman. It formed one of the many private little specu'at ions in which he was suspected of getting "the thick end of the stick." Emerging from the mag iiiflcent avenues of oaks and flrä which almost hide the suburbs of Rondebosch, Wynberg, and Claremont, open spaces in the road show glimpses of "the rugged mountain range on one side; on the. other, thick patches of scented pine woods. On' the lower slopes of Table Mountain the delicate leaves of the silver tree flash in the sunlight, as the wind gently stirs their light feathery bran ches From the higher part of the Kloof-road a charming view spreads like a panorama on every side. In the distance lies Capetown, ericirc"ed by the waters of Table Bay. Hundreds of feet be low the ioad in the kloot or ravine, dotted here ; and there, áre tiny white Dutch farm houses nes tling among heavy laden orchards and trim flower gardens. So far below the road as to look like farms in miniature, they lie within the deep sha dow of the mountains like visions of some old time spot of peaceful rest, from which the roar and bustle of city life had been for ever banished. Passing Camp's Bay and Sea Point, the road winds along the steep mountain sides, the great Atlantic rollers thundering at the water-worn, base, while every turn reveals some fresh en chantment of wood, mountain,, 'or ocean scenery.. Here and there, amid the usual; embowerment of oak or fir, an old Dutch dwelling peeps out with gabled, mossy roof and white-washed walls. Kout Bay, usually the termination of a drive in this direction, boasts a wide stretch of daz zling white sand. On Sunday afternoons vehicles of all descriptions are drawn, up here In. motley array; smart dogcarts, big landaus, covered Cape carts, with drivers of every shade of color, in gay picturesque attire, give plenty of life and movement to the scene. A big hotel in the wooded gorge beyond is kept by Boers, and forms a link between the primitive past and the bustling tourist-haunted present day. ? Part of the build ing is old and quaint, with heavy oak-lined walls and ceilings, dark with age. Overgrown with moss and lichen, it stands amidst the ruins of a garden and orchard, where fruit trees mingle with Howers and shriibs, and weeds have it all their own way. One shudders at the idea that pos sibly the ghost of some departed Dutch farmer may be permitted-for punishment-to gaze on this neglected spot, where "Uitlanders" desecrate the Sabbath, and insurance agents flaunt fearless ly on their "ill-gotten earnings." (To insure a building is regarded as a direct defiance of the Almighty.) Adjoining, is a hideous modern building of weatherboard, with a big room like a barn, lined with some common light wood, and full of little tables. It is obviously a place where the modern tourist eats and drinks. The pro prietor-a Boer-asks his guests whether they have ever seen anything so grand before? He takes a long time to point out its magnificence, because he Js very busy puffing'out clouds of smoke. It goes , in their eyes, and they can't, perhaps, appreciate it for that reason. He asks them again if there are any rooms as fine as that in England? He doesn't wait for a reply; he .guesses their nationality, and regards their opinion and themselves with that mixture of pity and contempt which only an Englishman can ex cite in the mind : of a Dutch Boer. He suffers them to depart to the quaint old Dutch portion of the hotel', where they are permitted to order afternoon tea. The waiter--also distinctly a Boer-asks them whether they are not very much delighted and astonished with the magnificent din ing hall. They resent it. He thinks they are consumed with envy. . He goes out of the room frequently, and each <time he takes the milk jug and sugar basin with him-. He apparently suspects them of trying to steal the tea service also. The tea is like a mix ture of very bad brandy and kerosene, and it is quite impossible to drink the milk, because the waiter is hugging it under his arm all the time. Refreshments, a failure; insular vanity wounded. It evidently would be better to say that you are a native water-carrier or a disguised German."old. clo-" man, or a-Russian Jew, or something else respectable, if you intend to spend much time among the Boers. Steaming out of Table Bay at sunset on a fine summer evening, the clouds that hung over the top of Table Mountain shone like a golden glory. Amt as the sun sank slowly behind the rugged peaks and crags, each one jutted out from the grey mass behind like points of flame. In the deep shadow of the . mountain, the gorges facing seaward looked weird and fantastic. The golden light faded to' a tender rosy glow; the waters of the bay reflected tack a faint pink blush; the lights of the town twinkled out in glowing dusk. lt, was the last night of the old year. And as the graceful yacht like lines of the steamer Aberdeen left behind a lúrcle of white foam, and she stood out to sea, there was scarcely a ripple on either side. Ono by one the stars glittered in the clear heavens and reflected in the still waters below,' and .the dark outline of Table Mountain loomed like a mighty fortress above the lights bf the sleeping city, which literally rests .."beneath the shadow of a mighty rock." ' ' 