THE BlffllAp 0| JflB CBEisteiiis; A5i AUSTRALIAN STORY. (BY H. ARNOLD NELSON.) CHAPTER II.— (Continued.) ; Thekla had sat quietly smiling at Val's sal lies; she seldom took any part in ilie conversa tion, as the girls, particularly Valkyrie, al ways had plenty to say, she was scarcely re1 quired to do so. The madre was beamingly happy with the young people around her again. This exem plary lady had cared for Thekla Greystone and her three orphan relatives with the 'warm instincts of motherhood. Under the somewhat severe virgin face of the elderly spinster* lurked an unknown depth of hidden tenderness. 'Val never seemed to care for history,' said Thora. 'But she remembers what she was obliged to learn, evidently.' 'Oh yes,' replied Val easily, as she sipped her coffee, 'I can give you a great deal more information regarding the country we are bound for by the first outgoing steamship from Marseilles.' 'The Caledonieri,' interjected Thora. 'The inhabitants of the Australian colo nies,' Valkyrie went on, 'are principally de scendants of the wild aboriginal tribes who once: ? ' But Val's history of Austra lia, came to an end amidst a laugh from her hearers. 'You are rather deficient in your local knowledge, my dear,' remarked the madre. 'Pray let me proceed; the name of the eo lofly where Auntie's estate lies is Victoria, called after our Queen. The capital of the colony is Melbourne, on the Yarra Yarra. and I might also mention that Yarra Yarra is an aboriginal word signifying 'flowing-flowing.' The national song of the country is, I pre sume, after the anthem, of course.' The inadre looked sharply at Val. 'You have evidently learnt some history, Valkyrie, my dear, even though you were in a convent. I- hope we shall all be happy in that faraway land. Yesterday in the salon I met the wife of an Australian journalist, a charming woman; she and I talked long of the colonies. Since then, I have formed the opinion that in Australia one can find as great refinement, and as highly-cultured peo ple as in the most refined circles of any coun try on earth; aye, and as pronouncedly vul gar an amount of snobbery and ostentation; but above all their virtues and shortcomings, redounding to their credit, is a warmth of heart and an open-handed hospitality that takes the chill off the most frostily punctil ous of their critics, whom. I fear, may too often be righteously termed ingrates.' Miss Greystone had laid down her news paper, and became interested in the niadre'a remarks. The beautiful, thoughtful, dark eyes of the three young women were marvellously alike, yet Thora's were wonderfully different from her aunt's and sister's, for all their grand and holy light. Valkyrie arose from the table with a laugh, and moving to the window, stood there watching the busy passers-by. 'I am glad we arranged to go to Austra lia,' said Miss Greystone, in her grave, soft voice; 'it will be beneficial to us all— and a respite to me,' she added to herself, 'only, I hope the girlies won't think I mean to make exiles of them?' Thora gave no reply, but she put out her hand -with a searching movement, and laid it lovingly on the handsome white one of her. aunt. 'Valkyrie turned gaily from the win dow. 'You need not fear for me, auntie, I'll enjoy myself, I can assure 'you, and, as a step to~ ward the good time I am anticipating, I must keep my appointment with Madame Cerise this morning. I'm afraid I'll have to mort gage my next quarter's allowance, or borrow from you, as I have been somewhat extra vagant, but please remember that I have been nine dowdy years In a convent, so must endeavor to make up for lost time. Gome, madre, it's time we were starting,' and the madre obediently followed Valkyrie from the room to prepare for the morning's shopping and 'trying on' of the latter. Thora rose from her seat and moved round the table towards Miss Greystone. As she walked she put out her hands slightly before her face with that pathetic gesture, which, once seen, is never forgotten. Thora was blind. Her eyes had been sightless from her birth. She knelt beside Thekla, and put her arms round her aunt's slender waist, then .laia her head against her breast. Thekla kissed her in turn, and wound her arms around the small figure. 'What iswt, darling,' she inquired. Then Thora rose again; she wanted to say something, but scarcely knew how. 'Aun- tie,' coaxingly, as she placed her hands car essingly on the fair cheeks she would never see, and raised Miss Greystone's face as though to look upon it, 'why are you so sad? You are. not like the Auntie Thekla of olden days. You are still young, but your. voice is gad, and you so seldom laugh now. I have not heard you laugh since the first year Val and I were at the convent. Then there was a long interval, when you did not come to see us, and the madre, when she came, said you and she had gone on a visit to Russia, and one day you were lost in the snow. You were very ill after they found you, and have never been well sinee Auntie, is that what chang ed you from a merry girl to a pensive wo man?' Thekla was silent. While Thora was speak ing, she had almost felt thankful that Thora was afflicted with blindness. She even feared that the girl /would feel under her bands the rush of hot blood that flamed in her cheeks. 'Yes, that was what changed me,' she said faintly. 'I do not. care to talk about it, my dear one,' she added anxiously as she saw Thora's lips move to ask- another question, 'it was dreadLful; experience,' 'But, auntie, that remembrance should have passed away long ago, yet your voice still has tears in it.' How Miss Greystone prayed .for an inter ruption of this, to her, painful conversa tion! 'I of ten hear you sigh; last night I sat up in bed and wept to hear you sighing in your sleep. Tell me what makes you so sad— why you sigh so deeply. Perhaps I may comfort you.' As Thora ceased her loving pleadings, Miss Greystone rose, and, as she kissed her niece, spoke with deep, feeling. 'I am sure, if need arose, that you would comfort and shield me, but I have nothing to tell you, dear; no reason that I can give you for my sighs, beyond the old, old one, al most as old as time— 'Life is full of sighing5 and I cannot escape the common lot Your heart is sensitive, my darling girl, and, I f ear; will ' bring the sorrows of -others iippn you, ,PephaDS out in old Bellarine I will for get '& 'sigh &£ Jpok: sad, and gStpra will not remember JorSsfteirii: of 'liter a^p,tie's sad.irio ments. Now go and pla^ thatf last beautiful piece of music Val brought you, whilst I finish my correspondence and arrange about our migration to the .other, side of the world.' She turned away with an assumption ol cheerfulness, walked along the corridor.: and entered her room. No one could see the agonised, white face Tvhen the door had clos ed, or hear the broken wordirof anguish from the woman kneeling by iher feedside. 'Yes! it will be best to. cross the ocean — best for us alL God help me to keep my se cret from those who love me.' How often, during the weeks of the voyage south, that same prayer was on Thekla Grey stone's lips! - The great ocean liner was thundering along — every mighty revolution of the powerful screw bringing ft nearer to the unknown land and home, but leaving in its wake on the ocean track no lasting trail. So Thekla's heart prayed that no footprints of the past nine years might ever leave a trail of that which were better hidden. Nearer and nearer they approached the shores of Australia. CHAPTER III.— THE NEW HOME AND NEW ACQUAINTANCES. On the morning of the day when the arri val of the French mail steamer Caledomen was expected at Melbourne, John Graharue came in from Dalby Park, his stud farm, to see his old friend and solicitor, Rupert Brant. 'By the bye,' said Rupert,' after their busi ness was concluded. 'I liaye to meet the French mail boat this morning; a client of ours, and a prospective neighbor of yours, is expected to arrive by her.' f 'Anyone whom I know?' asked Jack. 'No, I think not, but someone whom you will know, I don't doubt. The owner of a place called Bellarine, down Longreach way.' - 'I know the place; a fine old house, and, now that I remember, I heard the girls say something about people coming to reside in it.' ? ?' 'Well, old man, you'd better come down to Port Melbourne with me, when I go to meet them, and I'll introduce you after I introduce myself. I might mention,' he added, as he struggled into his chesterfield and took his hat off the peg, 'that the party whom we are about to receive' with, figuratively speaking, open arms, Is a lady.' 'And,' continued Brant, as they emerged from the office, 'in this case there's three or four of her; so I'm sure she will be glad to make your acquaintance, and receive any as* sistance you can give her.' Whilst they waited on the piei% Brant told John Grahanae the histoi-y of Bellarine up to that time. 'In the early days of the colony the estate of Bellarine was purchased, and the house trait by an Irishman, Sir Gerald O'Neill. He had an official position, in discharging the duties of which he was subsequently killed. He left a widow who was a foreign lady of rank, and J had been a maid of honor to a Russian Em- j press when O'Neill married her, and one child, : a daughter. They were, excepting for the es- 1 tate of Bellarine, badly provided for. Three : years after O'Neill'e death a ship of the line came into Hobson's Bay. Tjhe commander was an old friend of the O'Neills; he had not seen or heard anything of them for many years. He heard the story of their colonial life and misfortunes told one night at the mess of the 40th, and having learned all details he travelled down to Bellarine to see his friend's widow. The commander was a wealthy Eng lish nobleman, and had been, I believe, a rival of Sir Gerald's for the hand of the lady who subsequently became Lady O'Neill. Whether he had still any vague idea of marrying her now she was free again, I cannot say. When he arrived at Bellarine he found Lady O'Neill dying in loneliness and sorrow. The upshot of his visit was that he married her daughter at the mother's deathbed, and after arranging about the care of. the place with our firm, and leaving O'Neill's man, Sweeney, in charge, he took his wife to England. Two daughters were bom of the marriage, then Lady Grey stone died. Their' elder daughter married the heir to the title, who was also a naval officer; both he and his fath'er-m-law were killed in action, and Lord Greystone's grandson— a mere child— succeeded to the title. Posthum ous twin daughters were born to her, and the widowed mother died— that form of death runs in some families. The second daughter of Lord Greystone (who was some ten or twelve years the younger) and the three children of her sister grew up together for some years; then, as they were running wild under the too lenient care of an elderly lady relative, the guardians interfered, sent the children to school, and closed Greystone Court The young aunt went abroad with the afore-mentioned relative, and has scarcely been heard of since. She must be delicate, or something of that sort, I think. We were surprised when the 'Grey- stone family solicitors instructed us to have the place put in order for Miss Greystone's oc- , cupation; it had been left to her uncondition- j ally by her mother, Sir Gerald O'Neill'e daugh ter. I hope she will find things all right; we have done our best during the somewhat limit ed time at our disposal.' When the French mailboat glided into her berth at the Port Melbourne pier, 'the two gen- I tlemen were waiting to receive the travellers, j They escorted them to their hotel. j Mr. Brant returned to his office, and left Grahame to escort Miss Greystone there later for a formal interview with the partners re garding the estate. On the morrow Grahame travelled down to Longreach with them, and saw them placed in their carriage for the last short stage of their jouraey, the four miles that lay between Bellarine and *the railway terminus. And so they came home to Bella rine, amongst those blue Australian hills. As they stood for a few moments on the terrace where long years before Lord- Greystone had stood in troubled thought, thinking of the lone ly woman who lay dying within the walls of the dwelling, far from her own land, the sun flashed dazzingly from under a bank of leaden clouds in the western sky, and the golden ar rows fell over the standing group like a happy omen. ; Through the wide open old hall door, where the golden glory fell in a pathway of sunshine, they entered, and once more Bellaiine was a home. The lonely ghosts of the past gathered together their sere draperies and flitted silent ly away from the rooms so long empty, before the laughter, glow, and life of the present. Then the sun sank below the horizon, and the sky flashed in angry crimson, until the sombre ehroud of night was lowered over sea and mountain and old Bellarine. The morning following: their arrival Thekla had a long interview with Rodger Sweeney, who had succeeded his deceased father as caretaker. Miss Greystone coincided with some arrangements which Sweeney suggested, and left the entire management of the place in his hands. Then Thekla walked across by herself and spent an /hour by her grandpa rents' grave. It was to her— a woman who had; son-owed and grown deeply thoughtful very strange and pathetic the -whole of this home-coming. ' Under 'the she-oaks she stood in her tweed gown and deer-stalker hat, think ing of th^e woman, j^lio lay at her feet quietly, in her narrow bea. - She- haft suffered deeply, more deeply perhaps in. some ways than her granddaughter. She had: felt the bitterness of poverty and exile, yet had been brave, and true, and good, and finally -was happy, no doubt, when she had, gone to the. better land. Oh, that in this new country a new life might come to her, and the last nine years become but a memory! She retraced 'her steps -Iown the bracken-covered hill, across the gully where the Bellarine Creek, ran, -a shallow stream bridged with a fallen tree. She climb ed the hill to the house in better and more hopeful,, spirits that she had possessed for many years. . (To be continued.) 