The School Maid and Hep Father. Girls are generally credited with being more drtiful than their brothers to tbe wishes of their parents ; probably maternal influence is re sponsible for this. Boys — school boys at any raie— are preiiy wen ait larrca who. ine one brush, their first step in the the direction of striking for liberty not infrequently amounting to play the truant from school, or 'wagging it' as it is frequently termed. Wbatevar the early offences of yonng ladies may be, they have rarely been charged with! that, of playing truant. As an instance of obeience to paternal wishes may be quoted the following : — Miss Alice Marner is the daughter of Mr. George M«.mer bad been very ill, and upon returning from school she experienced a continued lan guid feeling that made her most miserable. In the course of conversation with a reporter sbe said : — ' Father took me to see a doctor, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no incHna tion to do so, there was no fear of my disobey ing this order, and I took the * quinine tonic' given me with regularity. Then I commenced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night I could scaeely any rest.' 'We tried everything to induce sleep,' interposed Mr. Marner, i but it had no effect ; then I consulted a well-known Collins-street practitioner. He said my daughter was suffering from weakness and advised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but she returned looking worse. Sbe would also reicb on rising in tbe morning and food taken could not be kept down. Sh lost flesh and became a mere ghost/ ' This time last year,' said Miss Alice, ' I weighed 7st 3lbs, now I am ost 7lbs.' ? A great improvement ; your treatment must have been beneficial ?' * JNo ; all tne medicine i cot did me very little good, Actually Dr. Williams' pink pills ior pale people deserves that credit. Just before the Jubilee holidays last year, father bought me a box of Dr. William's ,pink pills at Mr. Pleasance's, Chapel Street, Praban. I had beard so much of the beneficial changes which they had produced in others, that I obeyed father's wishes that I should be careful to follow the directions. I am glad Ho say that they did me so much good that I continued with them. It is a long time since I discon tinued taking them, and I am now as healthy as anyone could wish.' * And you would recommend them.' 4 Yes ; and that strong y, too. ' said Mr. Marner, ?had I known of Dr. Williams' pink pills two years before, it would have saved me a hundred pounds.' A perusal of the forego ing must have shown you that Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people accomplish cures after other remedies have failed. They did in Miss Marner's case. For rheumatism, influ enza, bronchitis, pneumonia, sciatica lumbago, general weakness, etc., given a fair trial, they never disappoint. Avoid substitutes and get the genuine pills with all all seven words — Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people — printed in red ink on white outside wrapper. Of chemists and storekeepers, and the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co.. Adelaide, S.A. ; six boxes fifteen and threepence, one box two shillings and ninepence. post paid. These are the pills which cured Miss Marner. 