THINGS WHICH REMAIN. (By the Rev. W. Robertson Nicoll, M.A., LL.D.) Strengthen the things which remain. Rev. iii., 2. Few thinking persons can be blind to the Changes that are taking place in our intellectual conceptions of re- ligion. Some of them are no doubt for the worse; but the slow, solid march of consecrated thought and learning cannot be set aside. It is hopeless to resist the convictions that are penetrating and running through every quarter of the mind. The Spirit of God has not ceased to guide the church, and we necfi not accept changes pensively and reluctantly, looking westward as if the glory had departed. Rather, if the substance and soul of the faith remain with us, we turn our eyes to the east and the rising sun, and with invigorated hope take our way thither. Yet All Changes Must Be Tested, and our theology has been altered for the worst if the zeal for righteousness and the love of the sanctuary are permanently impaired. If the new theology means a relaxed morality, it is condemned without further argu- ment. If it weakens the imperious and awful low of duty, it cannot be divine. The ardour for purity and justice which burned in the hearts of our fathers must not grow cold. There are grave perils. The scientific theories of .the age as popularised by some powerful but atheistic foreign writers are telling. Even at a church con- gress a medical man declared that heredity and similar facts made blame impossible. He did not add that they made praise and admiration im- possible also, though that, on his theory, is obviously true. Many are Subtly Touched who do. not go this length or near it. They come to "acquiesce in evil, to think of it as inevitable. They be lieve that the world cannot run its course without innumerable trans- gressions, and tha.t it is vain to fight against things which may change their form, but not their nature. Hence they look cynically at reformers. They sneer at what they call "shrieking fanaticism." They stand apart from the moral battles of the world. They delight in pointing out the "exagge- rations" of enthusiasts, still more in exposing their weaknesses. These latter they take, indeed, as a sufficient condemnation of the ciusades led by imperfect and erring men. Now we believe in the deepest manner that "no man can say Jesus is Lord but by the Holy Ghost." We see not yet all things put under him. Though the .name of Christ rises ever more loudly above the tumult, The Day of Victory Seems Far Off. But by the Holy Ghost we know that "nothing which ought not to be need be." We look back and see forms of evil dead-it may be dead for ever. Evil itself lives, and may even seem after some triumph of good to close in more pitilessly than before, yet to those who take the large out look it is clear that progress is being made. To say that the fight is hope less is to deny the lordship of Christ. We must go on attacking wickedness in every form, and welcoming every reinforcement. There is danger un- fathomable and unending in admitting that any wrong is inevitable, that anything' is too hard for the Lord. It is the tragedy of all such public fights that those who lead them have A War in Their own Hearts. As Phillips Brooks has put it, "The home country is up in arms while the foreign war is raging, and the man is fighting with himself his own enemy, for himself his own prize." This should make moral reformers very humble. It should purge their pas- sions from earthliness. But in should quicken rather than chill the fire of their zeal. It is true of their critics as well as of themselves, and no man will fight the evil within any better because he has declined the battle out side. It is possible to watch with un flinching selfishness the whole struggle, and hardly an inch of ground would have been gained anywhere but for a few reviled "fanatics." But those who are in it will go on. They know that to leave 'the side of the op- pressed, and the women and the child ren, would be to renounce their part in Christ. Orthodoxy itself is by no means fi'ee from moral danger. In the eighteenth century, it has been said, religion was Something to Be Proved, Not to Be Acted On. We seem to be past that; and yet it is not certain. Since then our literature shows the awaklening of powers that had gone dormant, or had hardly exis- ted in the human mind. But it may be questioned whether the modern sharpening of the spiritual sense and craving has increased as it should have done the honest love of moral beauty. There isa tendency to look away from the life of those whose ut terances are pure and inspiring. Among extremists there is something very like Antinomianism-a readiness to cover the sins of orthodox people, and among all classes there is a shrinking from the appropriate punishment of great lapses--a too ready forgiveness and reinstatement of great offenders. There is no teaching more pernicious than that which disparages homely virtue. Plain Morals Must Not Go Out Of Fashion. The young must be taught what a great thing it is to be pure—how blessed it is to live without any fester ing secret in their past, to have never been in bondage to any degrading habit. They must be taught that this is possible to everyone, and that self restraint will bring innumerable bles sings with it, blessings which even the Divine pardon cannot restore if they are lost. We venture also to affirm that, while church-going may not be a test of individual piety, when The General Regard for the Public Worship of God decays religion itself decays. It is much to be feared that the practice of church- going does not increase. Popu- lar preachers can generally secure audiences. In growing neighbour hoods churches fill almost automati- cally. But, on the other hand, there are disagreeable signs. In a church paper it was recently stated that "one sign and cause of weakness just now is the absence of men from church, and even still more from Holy Com- munion." The 'triter goes on to say that churches in which within a few years ago a fair proportion of the con- gregation were men, present a painful contrast now. "In some instances the church is even crowded, because the congregation of females has actually increased. But The Proportion of Men is about one in twelve! The propor- tion of communicants is still worse." There is another point. Do those who go to worship go with the old delight? The Psalms are full bf this gladness. How happy our fathers were in their often-times plain and humble sanc- tuaries! Are there not many wor- shippers who go reluctantly as a matter of duty, but without expecting or receiving any profit? If the mem bers of a church do not regularly oc- cupy their pews, and if they do not find help in the worship, it is plain that the work of the church must lan- guish in every part. We must be there when we can, even though there is little to attract in the service. It may be true that better preaching would draw larger congregations. It is equally true that larger congregations would lead to better preaching. The Pulpit Does not Occupy its Old Relation to the intelligence of the country, and, perhaps, forgets this sometimes—un- derrates, the knowledge of the pew, and thus gives point to the sarcasm that the taste for sermons betokens the ex- tremest form of intellectual destitu- tion. But, after all, people do not go to church mainly to hear clever ser- mons; they go to seek there the mys- terious strength of the Unseen. The sanctuary should be a place to which men may flee in times of darkness and bewilderment and care; a place where Christ is; where God bends over the worshippers, not as dark fate, but as a living father, where the measures of self and df the world are broken down on every side. Wherever men find such a sanctuary they will not forsake it. Still the Thirst of the Soul is for God, the livihig God, and they will seek him where he may be found. Where prayer is offered as if prayer were a power in heaven; where the Bible is received as Divine revelation; where men are taught to see themselves as guilty and yet beloved; where perfect love stills all passion and annihilates all mean and base desires—there will never be a lack of 'worshippers. For men desire with desire the reality of spiritual intercourse, and the teaching of the whole, the beginning and the end, the first and the last. ============ 