" The Belfast People Dinna Stand It." An Irish correspondent (says the Church Times) writes to us as follows:— While lately travelling by train through part of Munster, I met a Northern Orangeman, who seemed rather a castaway in that region. Nevertheless, full of his subject, he began to talk of St. Clement's, Belfast. I regret that I can do such imperfect justice to his remarks; but the following is the substance of them in the form.of dialogue, and as far as I can reproduce it in dialect. "A suppose ye've heard tell of yon man Peoples in Belfast?" " Yes." "He's a terrible man. A went to his church twice maself." " But with what do you find fault?" " Find fault! why he comes into church wi' his hands pressed palm to palm, and his eyes lookin' afore him at naethin,' an' he has two wee boys for a choir, an' ye'd think he was at the head of a regiment." " But what is the harm in that ?" " Harm ! Can ye no see the harm. He's jeest like an oul' priest. I tell ye the Belfast men winna stand it. " He giv oot a hymn to the Virgin Mary, too, an' I hissed him mysel', man ; I did that. There was some folk late comin' into the church; he took oot his watch; half-an-hour late sez he, nice time to be attendin' divine service; jeest for all the world like an ould priest. " They sprit ropn the plate and they got tuppence; 1 -eoonteci it mesel." "Well,Vfctfi else?" " Weel,_ man, Ke goed up into the pulpit and he niver eaid a'p'lfe, but he .tailed oot, in the NamV^f the Fatt&Ottie; Stni,. and the Holy GhostS' 'Men. Ws the like iver heard tell o't? wt t i^yeihe-^ftlst people dinna stand it. '.'' ^ • T?\ y' " He disna' preach the'Gospel at all. He sez the Church sez this an' the Church sez that. That's the way wi' him. No* a word o' Gospel frae first to last; but I tell ye, man, the Belfast people winna thole it; an' then, at the wind up o' the sermon, he turns roon in the pulpit wi' his back to the congregation. Oh, it's just dreadful. But I tell ye the Orangemen will blow the church up if he disna' stop this Popish work; they'll blow it up. mind, I'm tellin' ye. " Man, do you know Belfast yersel' ?" " Yes, I know something of it." 1 1 Dae ye know Dr. Murphy?" " Yes, I do." " Ah, he's very tight!" " I know Canon " " Ah, he's an Orangeman! But I ha'e my doots o' him. " But man, I was in Limerick lately, an' och! I went to Mass, A did, A did. I wanted to hear Bishop O'Dwyer preach. An' what dae ye think he said in his sermon ? ' Ivery wan of ye,' saz he, ' should read a chapter or two of the New Testament ivery day in Lent.' Jeest think o' that frae a Roman Catholic! It nearly tuck the sight frae my eyes. An' he spoke to them, too , about confession. ' Don't,' says he, ' be wastin' the priest's time tilling him other people's sins. Tell him your sins straight.'" About this stage of the conversation our train reached its journey's- fend' aid so did our conference. 