SHOPS KEPr BY fiHOSfS. SEASONABLE STORIES READING WORTH There aren't many of them, thank goodness! Bat those which do exist have stories attached to them calculated. t3 ma'ie an ordinary mortal's blood run cold. Fancy being served \ \with a yard of tape or a penny worth of blacking by a transparent shopkeeper 1 It is enough to make the hair stand on end. although scientists tell us su-h a hisrute phenomenon is impossible. Away on the northern moors there is a little wooden hut which used to be a provision shop, but which has no living owner noFlitches of mouidy bacon still hang from the roof, and cobwebbed jugs and glasses are scattered about the dirty counter ; but trippers lare not enter for refreshment, because the old man who serves in the shoo has been a ghost tor ten years. Tradition - aays that he d "ed in an apoplectic* fit directly after a rascally tourist had cheated him out of Tia'f-afcvereign* and now he sits patiently behind tne counter, waiting with a shadowy stick in his hand until that customer comes again. So firm i6 the local belief in this story that in all those years only one person—a schoolboy of fourteen— ventured to push open the loor of the but, and what he saw there will never oe knotfu, for he came back with a lace like death itself, and for months afterwards was a babbling lunatic. Although he is quite himself again, he remembers nothing about that terrible visit to the haunted shop, ard cannot be persuaded to speak of it. There were few prettier ladies in the ccuntry ;ban the modest little p-rson who once kept a shop in a Midland village; but she married a prodigal drunkard, and as fast as she made euoney he spent it for her. One morning, however, he disappeared, and on the very same day his comely wife was found dead on the floor of the kitchen behind the shop. A clever doctor certified that her death was due to naturil ciuses, probably hastened by a conjugal quarrel ; but the people spoke openly of poison, and felt confident that foul murier had been done. For a week after'the funeral the little shop remained closed, and th^n it openrd as if by magic, and a servant girl, new to the locality, went in for some ribbon. A second or two later she was flying down the village street with dilated eyes and blanched cheeks, crying loudly that she had seen the ghost of the beautiful lady. "There was a bottle in her hand with 'Poison' oa it," she sobbed; " And rhe. letters danced like little gobliDS. Oh, it was awful! " The shop is there yet, and the stock remains undisturbed in the window. Even the police shun the place, and the owner has given up trying to let it afresh. What would b* the use, people say, of attempting to turn out a ghost ? There is an element of the ridiculous about another ghost story, though the sainess o? it cannot be denied. A young chemist once put a lad under gas while he attempted to draft a ..stubborn tooth. and the anaesthetic did its work so .veil mat the patient never , woke aga'n. iYar:r)^ the inevitable exposure, the chemist ran madly from the shop, sought the river, an I plunged into i.. He was brought out alive, bu l only survived the ordeal for two days, and now every night he visit3 his old shop and once more goes through the dramatic extraction of the tooth. Scores of people swear thai they have heard the spectral chemiat'b scream of agony as be discovers his patient's condition, and they won't believe the policeman when he tells them that the only occupants of the deserted shop are cats and mice. Indeed, one superstitions inhabitant thinks of preparing a history of the haunted shop, and will do so as soon as he can plu3k np courage to spend a night near the dentist's chair. 