WERRIBEE ITEMS. Tree-planting in this district is one of the important duties that all owners of land should not omit to carry out. Still we see a number of places totally devoid of shelter. The proprietor of the Werribee Park estate is a firm believer in tree shelter and during the past few weeks over 600 trees (principally sugar gums) have been planted, the locale of the most of them being down at Duncan's, where the dairy farm is situated, and where the country is very open. As the sugar gum is a quick grower, it will be only a few years before the good results of this expenditure be comes manifest. The breeding of Tamworth boars must be a pretty profitable speculation for Mr. G. T. Chirnside, judging by the number sent away each week from the local rail way station to all parts of the country. This week we noticed 9 young boars being despatched to different addresses in the Western district; one especially fine boar, about 14 months old, being addressed to Mr. W. T. Manifold. 'This breed of pigs for crossing purposes is becoming popular, and Mr. Chirnside has no difficulty in keeping his order book full. The crops throughout the whole of the district never looked better than they do at present, and there is every prospect of the harvest being an early and heavy one. On the Metropolitan farm, and Werribee Park estate, the finest crops are to be found, though some of those grown on the Manor estate will be hard to beat. Signs of the approaching harvest can be seen daily at the local railway station, by the arrival of reaper and binders. Football dinners have been the rage lately, and whether they do any good to the game is a moot question. Last Satur- day week the Irish National Foresters Lodge at Werribee met a Werribee team to play a match for a dinner, but as the afternoon was a squally miserable one, the rough and tumble that took place could not be called, by even the most lenient critic, a game of football. We do not mean to say that there was any vicious- ness displayed by either side, but consider- ing the state of the ground it was a moral impossibility to play a fair and honest game, such as it should have been. In this instance victory rested with the Foresters, and the locals had to part up. Last Saturday Tarneit and Cocoroc met for a game on the Werribee ground, Cap- tain Chirnside being the donor of the dinner that followed. The afternoon was not what would be termed perfect for foot- balling, but the game proceeded neverthe- less, and for the second time this season Cocoroc defeated Tarneit. A magisterial enquiry was held at Little River on Saturday last on the body of a man unknown, whose body was found in a paddock some short distance from the township. Dr. Manly, deposed that the deceased (name unknown) died through exhaustion, brought on by want of food, and exposure. The enquiry was held before Councillor Devine, J.P. Constable Neill had considerable difficulty in making the funeral arrangements, but the remains were respectfully interred. We have been requested to publish the following descrip- tion of the deceased. The police are under the impression that he has been in the Bacchus Marsh district, and Constable Neill would be glad to get any information upon the matter. The deceased appeared to be about 55 years of age, full grey beard, about 4 inches long, and when found was wearing a pair of old tweed trousers inside old moleskin ones; old cotton shirt, no flannel, serge vest; had two old coats, one blue vicuna, the other pepper and salt, torn and patched; old worn-out lace-up boots; odd socks, one cotton, the other dark worsted, branded AG.69 (evidently gaol numbers) ; property, id.; a copy of the Advocate, July, 1897 ; a paper bag printed R. F. Manning, Bac- chus Marsh; also piece of Argus with rubber stamp impression, " Morton," Bac- chus Marsh. Since the above was in type, the Police have received information that deceased's name was Francls Clarke, and that he had recently been discharged from Geelong Jail, where he had been serving a sentence for vagrancy. A photograph produced by the Jail authorities sets the matter at rest beyond doubt. In the Presbyterian church last Sunday the subject of the Rev. John M'Intosh's discourse was based on the following words of the Apostle Paul from the 20th chapter of the Acts, revised version:-" To feed the church of God which he purchased with his own blood." The text (he said) was primarily meant to impress upon the elders of the Christian congregation at Ephesus the necessity for faithfulness and watchfulness in regard to tending and shepherding the flock, in which the Holy Ghost had made them overseers or bishops; but there was enough material in the text to make it as'applicable to the flock as. to the pastors, and he then proceeded to un fold the teaching of the text in regard to the flock (viewed collectively and individu ally) and laid special stress on the idea which the Apostle put before' his hearers -namely, the idea of the Divine self sacrifice involved in the atoning death of the Lotd Jesus Christ; and also on the fact that the members of God's ecclesia were His blood-bought ones. Mr. G. A. Bence (late Bence & Paterson) reports holdiug his usual monthly sale at Werribee on Tuesday last, 26th inst., when 60 head of cattle, and several horses, were yarded. Numerous buyers were present, and prices obtained were well up. to late rates. Fat cows sold from £4/5/ to £7 12/6 (a draft from Mr. G. T. Chirnside's estate selling from £'5/12/6 to £7/12/6.) Milkers and springers, £4/5/ to £5. Store cows (in forward condition) from £8/15/ to £4/2/; dairy heifers, £4/10/; bulls, £3 10/ to £4/5/. Horses from £7/12/6 to £8 15/. Sold on account of Messrs. Cantwell, G. T. Chirnside, Fitzgerald, F. Hussey, A. Hastie, Executors of late E. M. Kelly, S. Lancaster, G. Mlissen, W. M'Murray, M'Dougall, O'Connor. Also sold privately, last month, for Mr. R. Stothers, house and land in Werribee, the purchaser being Mr. P. Mehoran. At the request of Captain Chirn- side, M.L.A., the Hon. the Minister of Public Works (Mr. Taverner) will visit the Werribee river to-day, per a steam launch, to examine into the cost of deepening the river so that bay steamers may ascend it to take away produce. This is a very com- mendable work, and Captain Chirn- side has done well to interest him self in it. Further developments will be anxiously watched. As Mr. Taverner will doubtless be accom panied by professional advisers, it would be a good thing if they could be asked to report upon methods of improving the appearance and use fulness of the river Werribee at and about the township. As a matter of water supply such improvements are urgent, and there are many ways of improving the river, even if such improvement goes no further than sloping the ugly banks and throwing a low weir across below the Shire reserve. 