LONDON'S FOOD SUPPLY. The following interesting article liy B. Fletcher liubiuson appeared in the Juno ! number of Cassell'sMagazine,being tho'j ITrstfpf si VerioS of sketches entitled ' Lon ''dihr~-Nigh'£--by'-Xiglit," the article- dealing j with i'lio-Xext Dj-y'f»- Dinner : ii'ast 1 o'clock and a lyintj'v morning! The sharp, biting .wind has cleared -the- ^ireetss like the giant broom of a sweeper from the country of BroUdingnag. The last 'bus has rumbled sleepily into its yard : the last train has snorted through the murky depths of tile Underground ; and as I stand, a for lorn and solitary figure, opposite the great Smithfield meat market. I meditate upon the extreme impropriety of such late hours. A policeman moves softly out- of the shadow of the housi's and in.-pects r,io with a pro fessional interest distinctly alarming. Five manures to two.' From a narrow sfreei be hind me conies a pattering of feet, and a dozen floppy men slouch by and disappear into the broad roadway that cuts the lame market hall ill twain. Two minutes to two! A distant rumble grows into a very present- roar, and two vans come trotting by, the steam of their tugging teams rising into the chilly air. Clang', clang—two o'clock! The market has opened. "You just follow me. sir," says n;y friend the foreman, shaking the List remnant cf sleep oul of him like a good-tempered New foundland. He is conscious that lie is five minutes late for his appointment, and the fact- annoys him. Marching obediently at- his heels, I cross a coboled square, glance somewhat nervously over some low railings into a fain'ly-l/t chasm, and finally halt at some iron gates. These open, and we pass down a bro.id"curv ing descent, lined with derelict railway vans. Presently a gloomy archway yawns before Us. and I feel like a second Dante about to vi.-it Tartarean regions. Through the luime! we pass and emerge in—a railway station: An odd place it seems. A score of blar-.insr lights reveal the huge iron girders that support the market floor high above our heads . On one of the nv.uiy dues o!' rail that- stretch away, glimmering, into the darkness stands a train of cars, and about- it shadowy forms liit sliently. Of shouting there is none at all. and but- little noise^ save that now and again a bell clangs, and something shoots up swiftly into the"air, or a sullen rumble above our heads tells of thi passiug of heavy vehicles. Yet steadily and with extraordinary rapidity ton after ton of meat is being hoisted up to the market floor. Let us draw nearer, and see liGw this feat is accomplished. The doors of a car stand ep-n, and within it is just possible to see grey- covered bundle? from which legs project as if in rigid protest at the treatment they have received. "Came lip from Liverpool last niciht, and twill bo eaten as Htglish roast beef to morrow," says the foreman with a sardonic grin. "We bring it here from the terminus by the Underground." Even as he speaks a man slips ;i hook into a bundle, a handle is snapped back, and the tightened ropo of a small crane jerks out and swings aloft the half of an ox. Beneath it, as it- hangs swaying, two broad-slionldered por ters with heads bent" sideways stand expec tant, and as the rope of the cm no slackens, they receive the weight—some four hundred-' weight or more—upon their left shoulders,' and trot off to where two upright iron pillars mark the lift. In another instant a rope-is pulled, a bell clangs, and they disappear from-our ken. A few seconds more and the empty platform drops down to receive two more beef-liden figures. And so the work goes forward throughout- the early hours of the black winter's morning with the regu larity and rapidity of machinery. Its monotony grows almost irritating, cud I am not sorry when the moment arrives for mc to leave these shadowy .-ubterranean realms. The largest meat- market cf the- largest city of the largest- .'neat-consuming nation in the -world! it is difficult- to believe that the htuidieds of yards of dead beasts, on which the yellow lights beat so fiercely, r-re not mere dummies, like the property 'joints that fill the butchers' shops of a pantomime. 1 here are the halves of oxen that even now are pouring out of the lifts like water from a steam pump: pigs in placifl rows, wearing as happy an expression as if bacon were but an empty name and sausage a mere vege tarian product: sheep, reft of their native wool, hang naked and unashamed in ranked battalions : early lambs, butchered to make an appetising meal for the gourmets of the city, lie stiff and stark under white shrouds, sngge-tive t;r youth and innocence. We laav play the gallant old tune times without num ber ; but its name should be changed to "Alas! for the Boast Beef of England/' But liLtie more than half t;:e b;l! that London settles every year goes into the pocket of the English farmer. From the ends of the earth comes this vast supply. This great ogre ofji city or ours, before whoso aa-tronomic efforts the_ feats' of the giants of legend ana fairy tale fade into insignificance, has taken his toil of the wild ranchers from boundless western prairies, of the beautiful chestnut colored herds of the Andalusian mountains, of the piebald-coated cattle that the honest Dutch tend a.s their own children, and of the sturdy oxen cf the ?\orth German plains! Canada and Australia sends us iambs and sheep, the River Plato our ox tongues, Ham burg and Rotterdam our pigs. What an ad vertisement for the Navv League! What an object- lesson for those who declare our fieet is overgrown! It passes human comprehen sion to think what- would become of London if our command of the sea were lost and the foreign supplies failed; if the 150,000 live cattle from America that swell the metro politan cattle herd during the vear never reached their destination; if Holland's half the heme pastures—in short, if the.hundred million of sheep were forced to remain on and forty thousand t-ons of meat, neither | bred nor fed in these islands, that London annually consumes, ccased to appear in the butchers' shops of the metropolis. But the market is a dangerous spot for purposes of meditation.. At this hour there are no loafers, no idle sight-seers aiuonast the busy throng, or if any are present they keep discreetly in the background. Port-ers staggering. under heavy loads will remind such persons that they block the fairway by strong and condensed language, or, "still more effectively, by butting them out of the way with-the meat- they carry, to the great destruction of top coats and other garments of respectability. Without the walls the roar and rumble of vans never stavs, and at every entrance they stand in serried ranks. Some are from the huge sheds of distant Deptford, wherein gather the loreign cattle and from which nothing escapes alive; ; others are from the lowing, bleating, fo» | obscured sea of victims in Copenhagen ; Fields, known as the Cattle Market; others again, are from the gre-.t r.-iilw.-iy stations! Gangs of porters, fat- of face and sturdy of liinb, empty them of their loads -with"the ease of long practice. From the blazin^ doors of a long building across the way more porters come hurrying, the sheep they carry in heaps lie the bodies of the frozen, in fast stiff, angular, and hard a,, boards. There chambers that- defy the changes of our tem perature. Now. a basket-laden ran rattles down the street- towards the poultry market, or a,: light cart, with the name of a butcher blazoned large upon it. herald of a mh>htv squadron, puts in an early appearance. By five the buyers will begin to carry off their purchases from tlie salesmen at the market stalls. But nothing more of interest is to be seen,- so shortly after four I "turn my back on Smithfield and make for the city : The night-is at its darkest.' The wind" has dropped, and to the'cold a light fog has added r.n additional discomfort. St Paul's goes towering up into the mists like some Jack-and-the-Beanstalk stairway leadinc' to cAmdlaud and its ogres. Cannon-street is a desert wherein policemen lurk and prowl, like man-hunting carnivora. At last the -donmnent shoots up from its ring of gas lamps, and at the entrance to LowerThames street I pull up amazement. As far as the eye can reach, the street is blocked' bv a multitude of velncles. There are railway vans laden with the fish tanks that have Mine rushing up on fast night trains from the giant markets at Hull and Grimsby smart carts, crest-adorned and advertise ment-emblazoned, that the aristocrats of tlie world of retail trade have despatched from then- West-end shops; modest sprin" j carts of the smaller dealers: and every-' where; lurking „p sid6 streets' and , squeezed into corners amid the main block ot tramc, the coster's barrow, with ilr. Cos | ter,. as like as not, asleep upon Kis own Vehicle,-, suite 'the time has not yet>arrived ipr inni who desires to buy cheap fish. - | As I advance with caution along the nar row pavement-, -the roar of distant voices drows ever louder, and the air more distinct, |V ™den- with :,vrhat;- in -the words of Shake ijeare, I .may. describe as "a very'ane'en* land fish-like smell." Of a sudden the "street widens, the lights thicken, the noi«B in cresses, and Billingsgate itself, the fish mar ket of fish market?, rises before me. How the policemen manage the mass of traffic in the narrow streets is a mystery that I doubt if even they can solve! Much of it is sta tionary, but now and again arriving or de parting waggons plunge the streets into tumult indescribable, wherein porter.-, police and waggoners join iu' a grand gticrus of .supplication and objurgation. But now the hall itself! _ . ' Imagine, if you please—for at this hour of. {he morning- but few of vdu will h;>.vo seen it for' yourselves—a vast, -high-roofed hall blazing' with the'light of hundreds of gas jets and echoing to a noise that is in itself sufficiently startling. Behind their long linei of stalls stand the salesmen, greeting the buyers with cries of "I .-ell cod," ' Plaice hen.', plaice here/' "The pick of the mar ket," and the like. Through the narrow passages between hurry the famous white blouse.d porters of .Billingsgate, who can boast, if they have a mind to, a European I reputation for the force, vigor, and in (genuity of their conversation. On their heads I they carry boxes dripping with ice and I packed to the brim with fish, which some times tiier deliver into private keeping, ■ sometimes deposit with a bang on the* edge of platforms, whereon auctioneers, standing calm and collected above the noise and bii-tic. like superior beings of a . better world, march up and down selling, to the nod or wave of the hand, hundred weights cf their fumy wares. Fish, iish, iisli* Everv variety that, the "four seas" can produce find their representatives. Red . mullet from the roaring waters off rugged .Corn wall, gigantic conger from the Irish seas, turbot from the shallow , Dogger Bauk. humble herrings and plaice (of which over eight hundred millions are consumed in London every year), masses of indignant lobsters and spiteful crabs, heaps of pinky shrimps—those and many other species load t'ne stalls, lie sprawling on the floor, and crowd the boxes. Fish scales, glittering like spangks under the fierce flare, cling to the clothing of the workers, fish oil floats on the top of pools of melted ice, slowly spreading over the grea.-y flags, fish smell loads tho atmosphere till it is nigh unendurable. Fish, fish, fish! It is as if a section of the vast} deep had run dry, leaving the dead forms or a thousand victims to cumber the ground. Phew' It is a relief to step out into the air again. From the little platform on which I stand a light wooden bridge springs, the further end restiug on a floating pontoon out in the Thames. Against it lies a large stea mer, even new being emptied of its fishy cargo. 'Tis as strange a sight as you will see iu this prosaic town of ours. The edge of the mean, peeping coyly round a puff of silvery cloud drifting seaward, faintly re veals the huge columns of the Tower Bridge, standing like twin sentinels in the midst of the river. Westward, a long line of spark ling lights marks the spans of London Bridge. Along the bank the masts and tracery. TliOre is the silence of frost and spars of anchored shipping show in faint tracey upon the river, save when the tide draws groans and sighs from chains and hawsers as it sweeps back to its home at the >,ore. But oil board the steamer itself great lanterns shine at the mouth of the hold, while under the electric lamp that winks and glares above the narrow bridge, two hurrying streams of white-bloused men, one forward and one back, pass unceasingly. From the open porch behind me comes the glow of the market lights, while the noise of the tumult within comes echoing faintly on the ear. "Can I go 011 board!''' I asked of the mate of A 371, aboard, good-looking siilor, who, with his uniform coat buttoned closely around him, was leaning against the plat form rails watching the white-robed porters flitting to and fro like the ghosts of a Christmas story. ;'I should say not—unless you care for flying fish," answered he. I stared in some amazement; surelv thin was not a new edible for the menus of "smart restaurants. "Why, it's the porters I mean. When they saw that you were a stranger, they'd pelt yon with iisb until you were precious glad to be ashore again." "They're a rough lto, then:-" '"Well, they'e foiul of harrying strangers —as who are not!' I've heard some queer stories told of the tricks that are plaved oil the Stock Exchange—hat- basliing and so on—by the toffs among themselves. It's the same with the porters, though their tricks are more low and dirty. If thev see a man with a decent coat on, thev wipe their slimy hands on his back, cr tip a quart of dirty water down his neck oat of their fish-boxes. I remember once seeing a swell come swaggering m about seven in the morn ing, with a drop too much liquor on board. My word! They did have a game with him. Filled his pockets with herrings and tied a halibut to his coat-tails. It w«» rather too bad, out fur the life of me I could not help laughing. They got fairly caught the other day though. A quiet-looking chap strolls in hero early, and they set about, him with some dog s trick or other. Blow me if he didn't drop three of 'em amongst- the fish before yon -could say knife. Mail,- he was a -prize-fighter." "They look a hardy lot, one with another." "Aucl so they have to be. Those fish boxes weigh a hundredweight-eacfir and ilie her ring'-boxes- from the Norwegian boats tot up, what with fish, box, and ice, to nigh two hundredweight and a half. Yet' from five to nine iu tho morning it's full sneed ahead with all of them—after that things grow slacker. There are few men over 40 ' amongst them ; they can't stand the rackc-t." "Many foreigners bring fish here!-" ! "No—very few, considering. The Dutch eel boats—they're anchored oyer there, op- j posite the Custom House—don't brinsj the eels into the market at all, but sell 'em on board. The few foreigners that do come unload their fish at Millwail docks, and it comes up here in lighters. Of course, a certain amount is brought up by rail from ' Hull and Grimsby; but. 'tis English fleets and English steam-carriers that supply threc fourtlis of the fish, as is onlv risht." Back must' be pushed the hands of the clock! It has, according to the new reckon ing, not yet struck five, and I am plodding : up sedate Whitehall with its atmosphere of Government, appointments, civil and mili tiry red-tape, sinecures and social position. Behind me, at the end of the strangling ave nue of lamp-posts, the face of tlie clock that makes Big Ben its servant glows faiutlv through the gloom. The Strand is a drar.chty wilderness, save for a few carts gathered round the entrance to Southampton-street. But as I pass them and turn t'ne corner comes a change—sharp, sudden, and com- i plete. It is, as it were, the lifting of a decorous black velvet curtain on the liarle- j quinade of a pantomime. This quiet market of Coveutjiaf-den which.all Londoners know by..'day, lias become a, pandemonium, in which confusion,, seemingly inextricable, reigns supreme. Even the streets that run east and west, south and north are aifecied bv the riptous conduct of the market-place. Orie_is crowded with an-overflow of waggons, amongst--which porters tarrying tiers'oFbas kets, like leaning towers of Pisa, on their heads, flit swiftly;. another is ablaze with the. lights. of jthe coffee-taverns and publics, some of which have been open since two o'clock to provide refreshment for the little army- of waggoners, tired: with their, long journey from ctistant market gardens; a third is a blistlo with those whoreome aud go to the open shops of dealers in fruit and vegetables. Everywhere gas ami- fclazin^ flares-cast monstrous lights 'and. shadows! In tlie' mime of peace, let us get- out- of this .turmoil, if but for a moment! The doors of a large, well-lit hall stand iavitinglv open. We will accept llie invitation. It is the Floral Hall, 'and although the vunver still hoids the land'in an icv g*->D eien now it is a sight of rare beauty. group of men is sitting on hhdi ^nrT^ the lire of the cosy pW. ro'^ one of them will j0t down scme-Vf note-hook, after the fa.hion ^ - 'u * the throes of composition, tar>, sale of vegetables .supplies th« Dro.. t!!< of his inspiration. ' "»u*. '•Kcbbigos' is not What the? ~. •, awr4wd ®. r«i-face _ company n\ general. . " , ^9.01* mark^'-nuUer/'",,,!.!,.,; , , low youtn, speaking apparent!,- frr"l!" expenenco of rour-and-twen: v :„.r . ;'!1 As no one seemed anxious" t0 \,L • pause that followed the lattr-,- 'T' ri'a felt emboldened to pinnae into'" ' 1 versatiou. c 0 "I thought the marker had ,, 1-remarked nnldlv. " t • ->•••<(. -,0l~ 'or the small «rov.-|i:-< " „,:(i angular man loaning a,:ain.r , piece, "but ror everyone el-o. f~0„, '''* tcr.s to the public. it la-ts ':r,r Win-, in my father'.- time—r',ar boy he had an experience of nhd. "T1 year—the market buildings tumble-down sheds kept i,i !. of would give these sanitary in-p-cr, r"' tnrn. The porters—UfA ttet .r',rt' ever as bad as the Billing^ ^.}i ^ oiten a.-, not. drunk as lord, !ir y... . • 7> rnvraiap.' and what with th-oVVX t,:" tm-ir swearing, things ect ";l times. There v.,re pleutv r=f -,hi--.v- t?" !::e courts round t«>t voubi • • . bage, or cut a throat, for thai ^.n.V"" oiten as yon plW!.u-. Th»n ch.-.i .-" gamblnm-heljs and such-i:'--,. the market, and now and a*dn V'C 'f{ younij tons with their pri/e-"- s..:- • would conn; sailing i„. allmore oTi^|£ and then there would be some on^ with a broken head or two b^'m^ "l !aiovr wliat's comin- t, youngsters/' said the red-faced" r. wno was tne only :i)an drinkm - -V;:"' "t:ic-y ta!:o nothing but coffee ai-.i .4 such staff nowadays, and as f.'r why after one of these hero civ^ aeu b;,lk 1 ^ toffs, a bit ;,:»v r: **W*na~ into the market tm'owmg kebbsges about, and , .. p.;' sently they hits a porter. am' i:p to then:., knowing Tike; but. V,.. there va> no fidit in i'h,-. n.*;* *"u' for they bundled off so fast" that von'-oS see their backs for dust" r,T r11-"<;,ki {^- tan but the porters hre longer -e-! ,ir wanner, and their wires " - '-'">S it;. ^-.tvr jyo'i ;o t.u.. T.; uv same with the hur^. • j:,, an,P "Cm 'mproves ererv vcrr >* i faU>- Vn? ''t ^ draw car' c,V Z -< ayors so r.one of v,^ sense about the good old tin,,. ■,{ lh.. ^ for J won t have it.'J Onee more I .plunge into th, f0., witiVM. hrH^i°--'I5 t C SfiU;,rf-- 'to behind nigh pal.ngS, the great ,va- op! ve"et hf" f'',V0 br,°uglu "P t!»«r loud, of vegetables from the market To the lett of the pa.hngs a large hr.l! open., though but little bnsin-, iK.;V: rfone therein. To the sturdy" poiic,^ who like a pillar of black inarM- .,-u amidst the chill mist at the door I -,^,C tra«Iet0nnatMMl conccrain= tho -^"cbn-sVof . "It's the fog, sir, that's done ir. TL, \- °*1^S- ,, n:! tn?e il; the Channel. V.'h !t is this had.' Oh, it's where thov s^-ll ri-n foreign flowc-rs. They're bought bv ^ small dealers and costers niostlv: rather a rough crew they are, some of them : ,.nd the people m the Floral Hall didn't like J w<1f> ,&0 t!,.ls P!-'ce was built f,r them. Lo tney give me much troui.l.." °h. now and again; but, von see. I kno most of them by sight, and if they hooked if, they know I should catch 'em next time they turned up. Pickpockets we have W sometimes. I re known u.s ?.ianv ac ;> dcy.-'-i purses go jn a morning when'the'crowds been thick and the bidding ke.- « man's pocket can always be%t ai'bv"cr,rv one but herself, and that's "the tru'tb. h\ very hard on em when thev lo-e ■ nioncv, for it's what they bring to br.v ^ >:ock-m-trado. Bttt here coiat-s t>u' H11* • y>"it;i a mighty ruiabHnc. two r;> rat.way vans came trotting ud. haki;)-. ; a st10'vcr cr fiwrk-s from s-Iippin^ h^- r?. posito the entrance to the hull' In moment porters had unfasten^; tin titat^ crossed them, and were bu^iv «-*C port jag the f lowers, hid from -V ! r ,,i ow .joxcs and baskets, to the couat,v. w hind whicn the dealers stood w.i;^[t Ys " b"V' th.^ manner i;: ":.i, i, 1 PsrtTO aashed about with •• bo-ves piled on their head, was cwr-.;»lv .-': mirao^. Minute by minute th-, -V - i tt-ic..ened; and what- a tnutiev c" — ■'< =' was. Costers who. if not arra:--5 ."i. 'tl" gorgeous habiliments donned bv'.Mr. ( her. had at least the voice and iran- - so successinlly imitates ; iiower snort and fat. old bonneted and he s.iawleu, jostled with flower srirU „f ; -V crc-l iiats and readv wit; urchin- rf i.. ' sexes peeped under the arm- or their ,-i . and assrs-i d the value of vioh t. ->vr«. ea.se of I'vgular traders. TL-t-se an people that importunately pres. bnrt.-rt!;.-:.. I'pcn the good-natured, or sir at t " jiers cf thoroughfare, behind How,r-:: baskets, or. accompanied bv a. dc:iV. patrol the streets making'dav hi,K'i-.v raucous a.nd unintelUgiMe cries. Suddenly from a fir cork r of th- i 'i came -a jp-eat shouting—the auction. 'tgtin.^ .Soon five or six men vrere '1 ■? ..t work behind the long counters soiling tor dear life.^ Assistants ripped open a ' viC'iieo. t!:c^f;oveers it contained, and a- ti.e !..tm,ncr reli htuided it over to the j cha.^ei. violets, a.nemon*'-. . n-reissi se.-med the most popular of wares c-xposed. A burly waggoner came «tridi>ia np. i-r.l in- Halted to speak to a fri. ud I Vir tue party. "Vs'ell, it's a hard life, sir," said he. "i -;t c:tsi.om makes it more easy. Ic's th, tei time tlsa-t s real bad. when the sleet and snow arc blowing in your face all the v av. and the cold numbing your fingers. A f.",v of us drive up a pood seventeen mile.-, hut many much less than that. The vem'-t tb!e» are palled and packed in the evening. : tte.gct away seaiewlsore about ten cr elev. a. .unying at the market anv time up to three cr toui- in the morning." Tho vegetal;-^ may be either carried to the stalls'or i.l nirect off the waggon. Do we sleep ..'n; mg tip.- e'l, we dc, to tell you the troth -—oi at .icas't do7.e a b:t. The horsvs !o.■ tne ro.ui and wliich side to keep just a.s '■ '< iI as we. Dangerous ? Xot much. rouse up a bit when we get into the suv and the kerodges give us a wide :• rrh. tae\ kitov." they can t take the paiut oi: ■..r wiieols—ha-ha!" There is a glow in the east, a warn:," oroath m the air. London is waking n.:l stirring; for the night is past and the <:..-v 14 ;lt 1'aad, when all good people will start cut to their various tasks in this workvhv world. But my work is alreadv doi: -. 1 h;u, mo a passing cabman, an 'early oi-'.l who catches a very late worm with avi ii'v. and hie mo home to that refuse of the weary—tho four-poster. B-• PLETGHER RORIXSOX. 