j$HUe Jtafplot, on. How Buth Won Her Heritage, By Mbb. G. Sheldon, Authoress of "The Missing Heir of Gallonby," "The Masked Bridal,1' Btc. CHAPTER XLII. CONCLUSION. Mr Silsby went directly oat, leaving Ralph In the care of his nurse, who came to him as soon as he heard him oooghing. Ho sought Rath, -who was anxiously awaiting his oomlng on the verandah, fln tald her of his interview with llalnh. and concloded by remarking : "I do not believe he can live many hoars—he is very frail, and sadly changed. He expressed a wish that he might see both you and Hope to-night. Did 1 do right to toll him 1 thought you would be willing to go to him ?" "Perfectly ; 1 will go at once," Ruth quietly replied. She went Immediately to her room where she found Mary about to undress Hope. "Do not put Hope to bed just yet, Mary. I want her for a few minutes," she said ; and, (taking the child Into her arms, she went into her own chamber and shut the door. "Darling," she said, in a tone that was far from steady, " there Is a sick gentle man here who wants to see you. Mamma is going to take you to him ; but his face is all marked where it has been sore, and you must not say anything about it. Will Hope mind 7" " Yes," said the child nodding gravely, and being an unusually thoughtful child for her years Ruth felt that she could trust her. She sent Mary with a line to Mr Silnby, asking him to call for Hope at Ralph's door in about fifteen minutes ; then, after making some slight changes in the girl's attire, she went straight to her husband's rooms. The nurse ushered her at once into the sick man's presence, and, for a moment, Ruth's heart almost failed her as her eyes fell upon his wasted figure that lay on the bed, and the thiii, sunken and still un sightly face that tnrned eagerly toward her as she entered, Conld it be possible that this had ever been tfco gay, dashing, handsome Ralph Plympton who had so won her girlish fancy daring those old days at Hazel wood Heights ! " This is very good of yon," he panted weakly, aB the nurse went nut leaving them alone. " I thank you more than 1 can express." Then his glance wandered to Hope, who was gazing at him with a grave, won- deriug look iu her oyea, and a faint smile of pleasure lighted up his wan face. Rath lei the child close to his couch. " Hope, shake hands with the gentle- I man," she gently commanded, and the little ono unhesitatingly laid her dimpled, ! perfect hand upon his outstretched palm. ! His fingers closed over it with an I eager, tender clasp, ilia lips qnivering ' with emotion. i " Poor man !" lisped llope in her sweet, childish toneB, "have you got any little1 I girls ?" "No, dear, 1 am all— alone," Ralph faltered, a sharper pang than usual | assailing him as he uttered thai last gig j niticant word. | " Like mamma and me," the innocent ! child returned, " my papa has gone away, 1 bat I've got his picture," she added, with | an air of triumph, as if that was a trea- 1 pared possession. Ralph started and glanced qnickly at Roth. " Then" she knows I— V he began, and then slopped. " Certainly," Rnth answered ; 41 she : haa the photograph that was taken iu I Paris. I did not think It right to with- ; hold such knowledge from her." I "Thank you — you were always con- i sideraie, Ruth," he returned, huskily. i j Then he chatted a few momenta longer ; with Hope, his eyes liugcriug upon iiur J dainty form and sweet face with infinite ! : tenderness. She did not appear to shrink from him ! j at all, a circumstance fur which Ruth was , very thankful, and said several qoaini, j pretty things that gave him eome know- i ledge of her precocity aud enlightened I him regarding the trainiug she was re- ' celving from her mother, j Finally iberc came h lap npuu the duor, : and Rath knew i hut Mr .Silsby had Cuino to take the child back to hur room. "lata going to boud her away now, I while I talk a little lunger with you," she 1 said to Ralph, by way of explanation. | Then turning to Hope, she added : "Say I good-night to tho gentleman, dearie. Mr I Silsby has coine for you, and Mary is | waiting to put yuu to bed." j Ralph lifted Uiu liny hand, that ho allll i held, and laid it against his hot lips, klsB- ! lug it softly twice. Hope looked at it gravely a moment j after he released it, then, waving it at him villi a pretty gesture of farewell, aaid sweetly : "Good-night — 1 sorry you are sick." And then tho little ono wont out for ever from the presence of hor father, whose keenest pang was the realisation of the fact that she was ignorant of their relationship, and that lie was ontitlod to no recognition from her. Ruth, after giving her into Mr Sllsby's hands, returned to him, and was smitten to the sou) by the expression of suffering on bis face. 1 ' No v, Ralph," she said as sho sat down beside him, " is there anything I can do for you ?" " Thank yon— nothing ; it is more than I deserve that you should be willing to let me look into your face once more," he said, hambly. " 1 am going fast — I shall soon be done with earth, and — 1 am glad. I did not think, when 1 left you that night, that 1 should ever see you again. Bar this un expected meeting is like a little glimpse of heaven this side the grave. It &1bo gives me an opportunity to tell you some- think that has long been in my heart— that my one wish for your future ie that yon may be— happy. You understand me, Uuih.'1 She was silent. Yes, she understood him, but her heart was too full to admit of her speaking, whilo the quirering lips and the pitiful look In her eyea told him that there waa no bitterness in her soul toward him. " There Is one other thing I would like to speak of—'' " Pray, tell me what it la— do not fear to speak freely," she aaid as he hesitated, "any wish of yours shall be aaoredly attended to." 44 Thank yon; I do long to be laid away in my own conntry ; and, since Mr Silsby Is here—" ! 41 1 understand," Rath hastily Inter posed— "do not talk of it, Ralph— the wish Is sufficient." He lifted a gratefal glance to her. "I did cot expect this, 11 he said; "I bad no thought that friends wonld be near me at this time ; bat the fact has made mo very restful and content. I had anthoriaedlmy servant to send a package to Mr Silsby for yon, and a letter which it contains wonld have explained every thing. Jt will be found In my trunk, and that Is all that I am going to say to you about It. I want to speak or yourself, Ruth," he added, a slight smllo relaxing his Hps. 14 It seems that you have beoome a great lady." 44 Ah ! so you know ! ' she exclaimed In surprise. 44 Yes, I have read all the papers, and have learned that you have won a vast inheritance," he replied, 41 It has read liko a thrilling romance, and I am very glad ; I know yoa will make a noble uso of your wealth. Of course my income will soon revert to Hope— you will find that the matter has been attended to when you open tho package I Bpoke of. 1 hope the dear child will be llko her mother when sho grows to womanhood— I o%n wish nothing better for her. You will never tell her, Ruth—" he interposed, with an appealing lock that almost made her weep. 44 No, Ralph, she shall never learn anytbfog of an unpleasant nature," Ruth kindly returned. Then, seeing that he waa panting from weariness, she arose, adding : 44 1 must not remain any longer now, for yon are very weary ; but I will bring Hope to see you again to-morrow, if you wiah." 41 Thank you," he breathed faidtly, but his eyea wore fastened upon her face with a look that haunted her for months with its intense yearning —its devouring heart- hunger. " Good-night,'' she aaid gently ; then wont aoftly out, and with a look of tearless agony in his eyes he tnrned his face to the wall, murmuring : 41 Good-bye, love; 1 am ready to go now.1' An hoar later Ralph Plympton'a soul had passed from earth. He died so quietly that his nnrse did not know when the end came— he thought him asleep, bqt when he went to give him his nourishment as usual, he found him dead, with a dainty, faintly- perfumed handkerchief clasped in his hands and pressed to his lips. It had fluttered from Rath's belt and fallen upon his conch as she turned to leave him. Mr Silsby at once claimed the privilege of an old friend and attended to every thing that was necussary to bo done for him. lie had the body embalmed and then entombed to await a proper season to be conveyed to America, wnero, later, it was laid in the Plympton lot, beside the ill- fated young man's father and mother. > Two months afterwards our friends were back in London, where they wore joined by Basil Meredith. Abouta month after Ralph I'lyraptou'u death, Ruth wrote to Basil of the fact, aud rIbo gave him a history of all that had occurred in connection with herself since sho last saw him. Bis only reply was a cable message of five words : " May 1 come to you 1" And her answer flashed back with in spiring cordiality : 41 Yes, come." There was no restraint in their meet ing. for each kucw tho heart of the other ; and when Basil held out his arms to her, the one endearing term 44 Sweet heart" escaping his lips, Ruth wont straight to bim, was folded close to his breast, and both knew that they were re united for all lime. One week later they were quietly married in one of the spacious parlors of tho house in which the party were stopping, aud with only a few friends to witness the ceremony. Then ihero was au enjoyable trip to Paris. After that tho Siisbys began to talk of going home. Aud now came tho time to docide a question which Ruth had long been droadiug. Whore was to be her home for the future ? Shu did iiui want to reside per manently abroad, as we already know her heart was loo loyal to hur own coun try, aud she yearned inexpressibly to live there ; and yet her large interests In Knglaud seemed to point to a duty there. 44 1 really do not know what to do," sho remarked to her huBbaud ono day, while discussing tho rubjoel. 44 1 know what 1 would like to do, however," she added, smiling and flushing. "Well, sweetheart, what you 4 would like' to do will be my aim to accom- pllsh, if such result is possible," Basil returned, as ho fondly drew her head down upon his shoulder, " Now, what is it, my Lady of ltothwick 1" " 1 would like to turn ltothwick Castle iulj a great asylum for homeless boys," Ruth relumed, with unusual gravity. 44 Really, Ruth ?" lie inquired as gravely, while he searched hor face earnestly. 44 Really, Basil," she aaid. 44 1 know i should bo terribly homesick to live in that immense place all by ourselves ; there is nothing home-like about it, and i our small family would be lost in such a labyrinth of halls, rooms, and passages ; bat it would make a splendid institution for the purpose 1 have named. The only drawback is the want of a suitable fund to carry it on properly. I won der—" 44 Well, dear, go on," said Basil, smiling encouragement. 44 Suppose 1 should give Rothwick Castle for such a purpose, do you imagine the Crown would endow it, or devote a certain sum annually toward the support of it 7" Ruth thought! oily inquired. Basil laughed out musically. 44 Sweetheart, you are developing rapidly," he said, with playful fondness ; 44 but I am somewhat amused when 1 think of all the trouble you have taken to secure it, that you should become so suddenly anxious to get rid of your noble inheritance. Don't you expect to be haunted by the ghost of old Sir Amos for your nnappreciatlveness ?' 44 1 do not imagine he will trouble mo very much, especially as 1 hope to make atonement for some of his sins in thus doing good to others," Roth smilingly retorted. " But, seriously, Basil, what do you think of my scheme V 44 1 think it « very grand one, my darling, and 1 believe it can be accom plished," he earnestly rospouded. 14 1 will see what can be done about ft immediately." He threw himself heartily Into tho work, and through the influence of some prominent men to whom he waa intro duced by Temple aud Hendoraon, the matter was brought at an oarly day before the proper authorities, who succeeded iu having a generous fund appropriated to (he caoae, while the Queen soul a per sonal expression of her approbation to 44 the generous Lady of Rothwiok, Iu view of the philanthropic spirit that had prompted her to devote her noble inheritance to such a graud work," Of coarse, oven after that, it took a great deal of time to get everything In running order ; but by the end of the year the institution was complete iu every department, and Basil and his wife went over to England again to be present at the formal opeulug and dedi cation of the 41 Rothwick Home for Homeless Boys, 11 where and: waifs were also to be liberally educated and-fitted for eome useful ephere in life. Hope Cottage was abando&od;, in view of the larger enterprise. Will Browning and his brother were transferred to the Castle, as were asol Mr and Mrs Win- j alow— the one to act as general super intendent of the institution, the other as chief matron, while Mrs Barstow, who was herself an Englishwoman and therefore only too glad of a comfortable berth in her own country, became a valuable assistant. It is only necessary to add that the enterprise became a most successful one, reflecting great oredlt upon its philan thropic projector, Mrs Basil Meredith- she waived her title with the Rothwiok estate —who watched Its development with ever-increasing pleasure ana Inte rest. Sbe, with her family, spent a portion of every year at tbe Castle, where a part of one wing had boon especially set apait for them, and their advent waa eagerly looked forward to by every Individual in the Home. . Their winters wero passed in Basil's elegant residence in New York, and the late summer and early autumn at Hazel-' wood Heights. In the course of time there came a son and heir, who was christened Rothwick ; and afterward, another dear little girl, whom Rath named Elizabeth Alleuwood, for her mother and her great grand mother. « Ruth never saw Inez Plympton again ; but she learned, about a year after her marriage, that the woman was a raving maniac and an tumate of a private lunatic asylum. 44 1 beliovo ehe waa always more or less inB≠," she remarked, with a gentle sigh of regret ; 44 for it does not seem possible that anyone can be sane and be ruled Dy such an ungovernable temper as she possessed." Fortunately for her peace of mind, she never knew what occasioned her hopeless lunacy ; bat the truth of the matter was that lnex one day read in an English paper a notice of tho marriage of Basil Meredith and tho girl whom she hated with all the intensity of hor fiery nature. Instantly she flew into a towering rage, tore the paper into atoms, and threw them from her as if (hey bad been burn ing brands. Then something seemed to snap in her brain, and from that hoar she never knew one lucid moment. Five years later she died, and was qnletly buried by the attorney who had care of her property, and thus ended a life that had been wholly governed by selfishness and passion. It had burnt it self out, and was lost in oblivion. Will Browning continued to prove him self most worthy of tbe regard of his kind friends, Mr and Mrs Meredith, and their efforts in his behalf. He was a faithful student, a noble- hearted, high- principled fellow, and gave promise of becoming a good and useful man, while his brother, under hie influence, bade fair to follow in his footsteps. Our story is told j and now we mast take loavo of the dear little woman we have grown to both love and honor, and who, supremely happy in the care and affection of hor noble husband, and surrounded by her beautiful ana interesting childreu, was a living proof of the poet's truism that 4< Blowings ever wait on virtuous deeds, And, though late, a sure reward suc ceeds." The End. 