MR. JOSEPH CARLOS, B.A. As brierly chronicled in last week s rnEEMAN, Mr. Joseph Carlos, B.A., who is well known both as Barrister and as Lecturer in Classics at St. John's College (within the Sydney University), was mar ried in St. Mary's Cathedral. Miss Winifred Jennings, third daughter of the late T. Jennings, of Maitland, was the lady fair who made Mr. Carlos supremely happy. The Right Rev. Mon signor O'Brien, Rector of St. John's, assisted by the Rev. Peter Power (two old friends of the bride groom), bestowed the Church's benediction on Mr. Carlos and his fair young bride. Someone present. with a turn for prettmess of phrase, described the wedding as a union of gentleness, grace, and brightness with talent, honesty, and true Irish big heartedness. The bride wore—a travelling dress of pale grey bengaline silk, the bodice handsomely trimmed with white satin, veiled with chiffon and revers of silk lace. The skirt was prettily trimmed with faille ribbon, chiffon hat and parasol to match. The bridesmaid, Miss Flora Jennings, sister of the bride, wore a pale pink silk grenadine, effectively trimmed with cream silk, lace, and gold buckles, large cream picture hat, trimmed with chiffon and feathers. The relatives of the bride present were : — Mrs. T. Jennings (mother of the bride), Mrs. Frank Kirby, ' Frankston,' Collarendabri (sister of the bride), Miss Jennings (sister of the bride), Mr. and Miss Jennings (Howlong), uncle and cousin. Mr. C. E. Byrnes (solicitor, Parramatta), was the beet man, and the bride was given away by Dr. Kearney. After the wedding Mr. and Mas. Carlos drove to the residence of the bride's mother, St. Mary's Terrace. Before leaving by the evening train for the Melbourne, Mr. Carlos w,as entertained by a number of old friends at Aarons' Exchange Hotel. Among 'those present were Monsignor O'Brien, Father Power, Dr. Kearney, Mr. T. Joyce, Mr. J. M, Ca\anagh, Mr. J,T. Toohey (Strathfield), Mr. C. E. Byrnes (solicitor, Pairamatta), Mr. P. K. White, B L., Mr. A. Watt, B.L., Mr. H. O'Reilly, Mr. T. J. Purceil (solicitor), Mr. L. Veech, Mr. M. Casey, Mr. Arthur M'Donald, Mr. Stuart Osborne, Mr. W. M'Intyre, Mr. S. L. Guy, Mr. A. Dcery, Mr. E. Lawrence, Mr. George Harris, Mr. P. Meagher, Mr. Lawson, Mr. 'Norman Murray, Mr. L. W. Pye, Mr. J. Blakeney, Mr. It. Mansell. Monsignor O'Brien, with habitual felicity, proposed the principal toast, which had the accompaniment of hearty cheering for 'Don Carlos,' as well as ' musical honours,' Many members of the party later on assembled at the railway station to shout their good wishes as the train left for the Melbourne. The bride was educated at the Maitland convent. As for the bridegroom, this being a wedding and not an obituary notice, it is only necessary to say that he was educated at Blackrock College, Dublin, conducted by the Fathers of the Holy Ghost, and while there won- several valuable 'scholarships. Among his [claasfellows were the Rev. Fhther Carey (late of St. Mary's, Sydney), and Mr. M. J. Clarke, barrister, of Tasmania. He took his B.A. degree at the Royal University, Dublin, with first- class honours He came to Sydney in 1890, and was called to the Bar in 1895 on the motion of Mr. 11. E. O'Connor, Q C. Mr. and Mrs. Carlos received many wedding gifts. Mr. Carlos had special presents, and very handsome ones from his old friends of ' St. John's Bachelors' Lodge,' Parramatta, and from his ex pupils, eeveral of whom are now in the Law. By the last Cape mail boat Mr. G. M. M'Don nell, well known in St. Patrick's parish, returned to Sydney after a three years' absence. Mr. M'Donnell was not long obtaining a lucrative ap pointment at Cape Town, and was in a fair way of giving an excellent account of himself, when he unhappily developed a serious nasal polypoid growf.h which has involved many painful opera tions. Finally he was advised to go to London to s eek the beBfc available professional attention ; but the fact that in his absence' the family have had much trouble, including ih.-; death oi! his sister, de cided him to turn hig face to Sj dney. Beyond the local ailment mentioned, which v/e tvusc will be successfully grappled with in ths city of his birth. Mr, M'Donu^U is in robust health. 