A Voyage At Anchor (COPYRIGHT.) CHAPTER I. We Start. We were off the North Foreland, on a fine June afternoon about three years ago, in tow of a tug, which wagged her breast-set funnels like a little old woman fanning herself. The sea had opened into a spacious scene. Broadstairs was showing, and the milky run of the cliff as far as the chalky abrupt near Ramsgate. "Is that more wind out there?" said my wife. "You have a very good eye for sea effects," said I laughing. "Why, my dear, they are ships at anchor in the Downs." "And are we going to anchor amongst them? Why, I never saw so many ships. If we do we shall be knocked down—run into, run over, sunk —no telling indeed. And so much for our holiday- day!" "I don't intend to risk your life," said I, and I looked at the shipping, which was extremely nu- merous. It darkened the edge of the waters like a wood. This fine spectacle was due to the south- west wind which sang harshly through our naked shrouds. The sea ran with it and came out of the southern splendor with flashes like strokes of the reapers' scythe. By the telescope I resolved those ships into a great number of sailing vessels. Those who believe the days of sail are at an end would have been undeceived had they viewed that picture with me. But I own that most of the I ships were foreigners. A great crowd they made. It was like going back to the fifties to see them, when I was going to sea as an apprentice, and a funnel was as rare as a sail is now. A pretty little yawl, a gleaming yacht, was glancing down along the wind and over the lop of sea, as though she had a mind to take a look at us. To tell the truth, I am no particular ad- mirer of yachts. They build them too much alike. The spoon bow may be good for speed, but it ls hideous to the sight. "She is coming to say, 'How d'ye do,' papa?" said my daughter, Daisy, who was standing with her fiancee, Walter Stevens, by my side. "There is some fate in store, I suppose, for every ship that we can see," said Walter Stevens, who was a young medical practitioner without any practice, tall and lean, with a large head which lay a little on one side. His face continually smiled more or less. He had the most affected voice I ever heard in a man. But it is un- doubtedly true that sexes get mixed in the birth, and that men are to be found full of the character- istics of woman, while she perhaps is growing a beard. "An end certainly comes to every ship as it comes to every man," said I. "And ships meet their deaths much as men do. They are drown- ed, made stranded corpses of, blasted by the lightning stroke, and very often murdered." "I wonder if that yacht is owned by any friend of ours," said my wife, looking at the yawl. "I know nobody who owns a yawl," I answered. "But there is really nothing to wonder at, my dear. We are an old dismantled hulk in tow of a tug, sitting like a line-of-battle ship upon the water. Quite likely that the owner of yonder yawl is some military man who made the voyage to the Indies in a vessel of this sort, and wants now to come down and pick up an old memory." We were off the prettiest part of the English coast. I love the old North Foreland, and hold it the finest example of coastal picture that our shores offer. Of course, sentiment goes largely to its importance and splendor as a forefoot. What has it not looked down upon in its eternity of white calm! A lantern roars upon, its back, by night, and foam, bright as the light above, beats about the foot of the gallant, noble, old height. Be it remembered that the English Channel is our ocean highway, and that the North Foreland catches a view of everything that passes along. I have sometimes amused myself by reflecting that the numerous splits and marks in the cliffs, here- abouts are not the effects of time; but chiselings of hieroglyphics by some magic, mysterious hand indeterminable to the human eye, though a full history may be conveyed in any one of those mar- vellous twists or twirls. I flattered myself that this was a striking fancy, and communicated it to my wife as we stood together at the poop rail viewing the land silently sliding by. But I was mortified to find by a raw, unmeaning smile that she did not understand me. To her the cliffs were piles of chalk intersected with lines of flint. That was all she saw, and all she understood of the matter. "What time are we likely to arrive?" she asked. "I can't say. The Small Downs are just round the corner yonder. It is a novel idea. I never heard of anything of the sort before. That chap to windward there seems to smell something unusual in us, and is certainly bent upon making a close examination." "This ship is something to strike anybody's eye," exclaimed my wife, looking round her. It was true, but the story I am relating is of to-day, when vessels of the type I am describing are even fewer than the men who once walked their decks. She had been a full-rigged ship called the "Calen- ture," well and honorably known in the East India trade. Steam drove her out of the popular passenger business into coal. For some years she carried a large number of cargoes of this stuff to all sorts cf ports. She was then dismasted down to her three lower masts, and a berth was found for her in the East India Docks by her pur- chaser, who told me that he had given seven hun- dred pounds for the old ship on the chance of sell- ing her as a coal hulk for Madeira or other ports where steamers coal off harbor. It had been a few weeks before that I said to my wife. "What holi- day shall we take this year? Where are we to go and how are we to kill the time when we get there?" Why not give some Scottish seaport a chance? I am told that the Scottish scenery is beautiful." "No," I answered, firmly. "I'll not go into lodgings ashore. Why should I pay eight or ten guineas a week to be purely uncomfortable? Your meals are badly cooked, and are always served late, which is a frightful trial to the tem- per. They do not care when you come, and when the season is in full swing they are decidedly glad when you go. They give you towels of the size of pocket- handkerchiefs, and in every lodging that ever I was in I always found a cat asleep upon my bed. No, my idea is original. You have heard of what they call a house-boat?" "Certainly!" "Well, a house-boat is a barge, or some such structure fitted up for passengers, and she is dragged about the country over canals." "I have read William Black's beautiful book about it," said my wife. "Yes," I said, "you need to be a Black to enjoy the delights of a canal boat. The pictures are, indeed, numerous, but I am no lover of inland scenery, pastures, and red cattle grazing, solemn shadows of trees upon the water, in which the tiny ferns in their leaves wink like stars. A sudden turn brings you to an archway and over it rushes with frightful shriek a locomotive towing a thun- der of coaches. You get to an old town. It is tedious. I should not enjoy the house-boat." "What is your idea?" my wife asked. "To accept my friend's loan of his ship, the Ca- lenture, for a couple of months; to furnish her cabins comfortably, and to anchor off the prettiest and safest piece of scenery that our coasts have to offer. We can take our servants with us." My wife and daughter grew to like the idea. But which was not only the prettiest but the safest part of the British coast, off which to moor an old hulk during a couple of the finest summer months, I was now to consider. I consulted charts and maps, and talked with seafaring friends. Milford Haven was recommended to me and so was Spithead and Yarmouth Roads. The owner of the old ship fell so far out of my views as to suggest Ramsgate. I said I did not want a harbor. I required an open roadstead, which should be as safe as the sea could possibly be, and which should have the attractions of towns and a pretty show of cliffs, and which should keep a couple of lifeboats handy under our lee. The as- sociation of the lifeboat with this idea of holiday- making was a little strained, and my friends looked as if they thought it so. After grave consideration, and much searching of charts, I decided upon the Small Downs, which is a piece of water that washes close in to the Sandwich levels. It is the safest anchorage on the coast. Here you have command of two or three towns within an easy pull of the oar, and the stately precession of the Channel is always in sight from your deck. All being settled, I sent a quantity of furniture on board, and on a bright and beautiful Tuesday in June embarked in the Calenture, together with my wife, my daughter Daisy, and her fiancee, Walter Stevens. A number of friends towed down with us as far as Gravesend, and a crowd collected in the docks to see us haul out. "'Ere was a old coal 'ulk agoing to take a 'oliday," they said, and they seemed immensely pleased. In spite of the attention my guests claimed un- til we arrived at Gravesend, I could not but find something to keep on wondering at, with the in- stinct of an old sheet and tacks' man, in the ship in which we had taken furnished lodgings. She was a tub, but had doubtless been a very comfor- table useful ship in her day. She had her deck fittings as they were originally erected, and I burst into a laugh when I first saw my cook, in a hat and shawl, looking out of the galley. The vessel had received a new coat of paint and floated very clean and important in the wash of the tug's wake. A bright awning was stretched over her poop, and beyond it a red ensign was rattling all the lies of the wind down to the seas which ran laughing with them to the shore. She was indeed a ship to muse upon, and I viewed her proud of the idea that had converted her into a floating home for two months, clear of piano organs, the howls of the shrimp seller, the brutal noises of the German band. "That there yacht seems to be a bit curious," said the Deal pilot, who stood at the helm. "I hope there ain't no drink, and that he won't go and act curious." The man we had shipped in the River. He was not a licensed pilot, and he was therefore an ir- regular condition of our departure. But he be- longed to Deal, knew every inch of the road better than any Trinity man, and he was so much cheaper that Captains were for ever furtively shipping him and his like, and hiding him when they were questioned if they wanted a pilot. "She'll put her helm up. She'll know what to do," I said in answer to the pilot, and then direct- ing my eyes along the deck of the old ship I fell a-musing. How many dances in the Atlantic tropics, and in the Indian Ocean, had been danced to the thin melodies of the cuddy piano by rotat- ing passengers with mutton-chop whiskers and a tuft, and a strap to their heels, and by women in large bonnets and wide skirts, beautiful where beauty was, to the eye then, so inappreciable is costume in its influence upon female loveliness. Of course my daughter Daisy would consider a woman dressed as her grandmother went, a fright, forgetting that the same taste and fashion gov- erned the times, and the "frights" found husbands spite of their bonnets and gowns as quickly as our lovely young ladies in this age, apparelled in the newest mode. "Going to make a long stay, sir ?" said the Deal pilot. "Just as long as we like." "Are them all the hands you've shipped as a crew?" he asked, holding by a spoke, and point- ing with one hand to the forecastle. "Yes," I answered. "Don't you think three stout fellows enough to tend the anchor?" He was a square, crimson-faced man with a red shawl round his neck, and clothed in heavy pilot cloth breeches, though these were the dog days. He looked round him slowly, pausing as he bent his gaze at the Goodwin Sands. "I should say," he exclaimed, "that the ground tackle of a ship of this size would take all four men to look after, and help from the shore to lift when it comes to it." "Certainly," I answered. "I don't mean that three men should get us under weigh when the time comes. But three men are quite enough to keep an anchor, watch, and 'tend the ship." I saw by the little beggar's face that he yearned to be the fourth. It would, he knew, be a nice soft job for a man who when ashore leans and loafs upon the beach, and may sometimes be found all day long glued to a capstan. However, the subject was changed by my wife stepping up. to me and saying, "I believe the people in that yacht mean to pay us a visit." She was now sufficiently close for the figures on her deck to be discerned by the naked eye. I picked up a binocular glass, and spied a man in brass buttons steering at the long tiller. There was nobody else on the quarterdeck. I distin- guished a head in the bow, but it was not turned our way, and seemed to belong to a figure that was lying down. "If that chap doesn't mind what he's about, I'll be hanged if he won't be into us," said I. "Why don't he go about? Has he made a bet to cut our tow-rope?" said the pilot. She was coming along under whole sail, a hol- low body of gleaming light, with two fountains for ever playing at the bright gold on her stem, and the water shook from her sides into white foam, and sped airily in stars and brilliants. "Is that fellow at the tiller drunk?" I asked, keeping my glasses bearing upon him. I thought he was a black man, so black was his hair. He was dressed in the usual style of tlho yachting skipper. We might assume then that a respon- sible man was at the helm. I did not choose to halloo or hail him, as I never for an instant doubt- ed that he meant to sail close to us, then put his helm hard down. "E's a-going to look at Broadstairs, sir," ob- served the pilot, with a bloodshot roll of eye upon the whole cliff. "It's a purty little town. Was you ever there?" "Yes." "It ain't so much celebrated for itself," con- tinued the pilot, whilst my wife, daughter, and her sweetheart looked and listened, "as for the great man that once lived there. Charles Dic- kens he was called. Did you ever 'ear of him?" "I believe I have," said I, with a sarcastic smile at the pilot, and an exchange of looks with my wife, for it would have been something new in- deed to have gone to school at my time of life to a Deal boatman. "I met him several times at Broadstairs, like wise at Ramsgate. After I had read his Pick- wick, I thought I was entitled to speak to him," said the pilot, "and he gave me a shallon. He was a nice gent, and looked at yer as if he were an eagle, and walked straight and fast. That's the house he lived in," continued the pilot, pointing to a house, topping in solitary fashion the breezy and sleepy old town of Broadstairs, with its plea- sant stage of glittering sands, its flights of steps always illuminated in the holidays by the raiment of people descending and rising with the tall chalk cliffs teeming witih memories of smuggling. In- deed, yonder was the Gap which Ingoldsby sings of, and just beyond, faint in the distance, we could make out the fibre- like lint of the Ramsgate pier. I noticed that the three men in the forecastle were watching the approach of the yacht with evident attention and wonder; sometimes they looked aft, and sometimes at the yacht, as though they inivited me to hail, and help them out of their danger. The pilot, having two ladies among his audience, was garrulous. "I allow," said he, "that a good deal of 'istory goes to the making of this 'ere ship;" and he smiled with approval on Daisy. "You might find more in her even than in the pieces wrote by Mr. Dickens, though they'll not keep you larfin' as his do. They tell of a ghost aboard this ship." "What sort of a ghost?" exclaimed Daisy. "A rat out of a Geordie's mizzen-channels; and see that 'tisn't the main- channels, otherwise can't be a ghost," I answered. "Begging your pardon, more'n rats. In eight- een onnard and sixty-eight, when this here ves- sel was off the Cape of Good Hope, a man quar- relled with the second mate. He stabbed him down upon the deck, and then hauled his body to the rail and dropped it overboard all a-vibra- ting, for he worn't dead. A minute later, whilst they were running to catch hold of him from the poop and the forecastle, he jumps after the man he had murdered." "What followed?" "They backed their top-sl, but both parties was drowned. But they liked this ship so well," said the pilot, "that they ain't agoin' to abandon her. Their shudders, I'm a-feared, will be a-frighten- ing your-maidservants some of these warm bright nights which is coming along." "How do they behave?" said Stevens. "Exactly the same as in real life," answered the pilot. "One stabs the other, then chucks him overboard, then goes after him." "Have you ever seen the ghosts?" inquired my wife. The man looked as if he was debating within himself whether he should answer yes or no. "I tell you what, missus," he exclaimed, "if you'll ship me as fourth man I'll bet my wages to keep the ship clear of them." On a sudden we heard the captain on board tug shouting, and at the same time her whistle tootled out its shrill notes, then the three men on our forecastle began to crow and yell with all their might. The yacht was approaching us stem on. I bawled "Where the devil are you coming to?" And the pilot cried, "'Ard- a-port whilst you've time! 'Ard a-port, you idiot!" Then the head man the bow of the yacht rose into the shape of a man, looked at us with sleepy astonishment, then fell into agonies of pantomime. A few seconds later a young lady came out of the companion followed by an elderly gentleman, and the young lady shrieked like a whistle when she saw how close was the great hulking vessel ahead. "Port yer hellum," shouted the pilot. It was the most stupid, wanton, unsailorly di- saster that ever took place in the English Chan- nel, but it happened, and I am telling it. The old gentleman knocked the man in brass buttons bodily to windward whilst he put it hard, over. But it was too late by at least half a length. She flashed into us in a whole pulsating height of leaning canvas. She rushed at us as though with her metal stem to sink us, and her bowsprit went like glass. We heard the crackling of her bows as she was stove, and I knew that she was doomed. We ran about to get out of the way when the topmast and gear came crashing down upon us. The young lady was shrieking, the old gentleman was swearing and shouting. A number of the crew of the yacht were now showing themselves, and no doubt all hands had been taking a kindly watch below, lea- ving the little ship in charge of the skipper in buttons, and a man forward. The wreck slowly slided past. I knew that this spectacle would bring plenty of help from the shore; but meanwhile, the yacht was sinking astern, and there were people to be in- stantly rescued. We lowered a large boat, and the yachtmen lowered theirs, and in a few minutes all came aboard, leaving the yawl as much down by the head as the owner of her was. I stood in the gangway to receive him and the lady, having taken care to observe that our ship had sustained no damage from the blow, though to be sure her teak-built fabric of Moulmein is not to be lightly hurt by any such fairy dancer of the water as yonder sinking yacht, despite her seventy or eighty tons burthen, which made her impact a throe like an earthquake. The young lady stepped on board, I extended my hand. She started theatrically, and I observed that her face was no sham in the terrors which she expressed. She looked round her like a man who tries to get an altitude of things when he rises after being knocked down and stunned; and all in a moment, just as I expected she would, she sent a slinging shriek across the deck, and then dropped with a helpless flop upon the hard and pitiless plank. "Good God! Has it killed her?" cried the gen- tleman. Stevens rushed to her side, knelt, and was in- stantly busy. "I am a doctor," he said, looking over the body, with his silly smile at the gentleman. "Is she dead?" asked the gentleman. "No; she has fainted. Will you help me, Daisy, to carry her into the saloon?" said Stevens. "You catch hold of the legs-so! Now then!" and away they went, my wife with them holding on to the girl's gown, and placed the unconscious form upon a settee, where Daisy plied her with eau-de-Co- logne, and Stevens with a fan. The man who had been steering the yacht, her captain as I had pre- sumed, was now on deck with the rest of the crew, looking at us. His dead black hair, black beard and moustache, and his dead black eyes and pur- ple nose made him pass for a black man at a lit- tle distance. He had the most horrible squint I ever saw in a human visage, and I marvelled that any man with vision so embarrassed should find occupation of responsibility at sea. "What the — do you mean by this conduct, sir?" shouted the gentleman, rounding upon him. "I asked this fellow," he continued, addressing me, "to steer me towards this ship that I might have a look at what I believed was an old man- of-war; instead of which, whilst I was sitting below with my daughter waiting for him to call us, he deliber- ately runs into you, and sinks a beautiful yacht. Look at her, look at her, as she goes!" and he poin- ted astern, where a few cable's lengths the wreck of the yacht was floating deep, and threatening very soon to take her header. "I steered straight for the stern of this vessel, and the course would have carried me a ship's length clear of her," answered the dark man with the fatal squint. "I called you once, and I called you twice; and so help me God, I did not know that this ship was right in the road." "Why didn't you keep a look-out?" thundered the gentleman. "Where were the rest of the crew?" "One was keeping watch at the back of his head," said I. "My sight's not always perfect, I'm afraid," said the captain of the yacht, stepping up to give me a good view of his squint. So far from his sight being good, I could but wonder that he saw at all, and which of the images he fixed present- ed itself, and what became of the other. Per- haps it got rundown. "Nice wind-up to a cruise, sir," exclaimed the gentleman. "Sent to the bottom by the hand of a — lubber. Yes," he repeated, glaring at the black captain, "a — lubber! Make the most of it." He snapped his fingers. "I was warn- ed against shipping you, but those who recom- mended you declared that your squint made you careful by proving yourself doubly anxious. Now look at that," cried he, tossing his arm towards the yacht. "I am a man, and can't help squinting," ex- claimed the captain. "If I was a h'angel I should look straight, but then I shouldn't have to go yachtin' for a living." "It's the most preposterously wicked disaster at sea I ever read or heard of," I exclaimed. "The whole of your crew should be brought up for it." The black captain scowled horribly at me. "It's old barges of this sort," he exclaimed, "a-towing about the Channel that's the curse of yachtsmen. What made you slow down so as to get in the way when you saw me coming to have a look, aiming fair so as to go well astern of you?" "The tug never slackened," said I. "Is this man drunk?" "He's mad," said the gentleman, "and a danger- ous, lunatic has lost me a beautiful yacht, to wards, the cost of which he might scarcely be capable of subscribing twopence farthing." "Where are my clothes and where are my be- longings?" howled the man. "Ain't they as much loss to me as yours are to you? Only your loss leaves you rich, and mine leaves me poor, and it's because I like being poor and losing my clothes I barge into old waggons of this sort, eh? Isn't that it?" He grinned sarcastically round him at the men. They, however, in spite of the yacht- owner's presence, began to give the cap- tain the full contents of their minds. They had been wrecked, they had narrowly escaped with their lives, they would lose their wages, and the clothes which went down with the vessel. One let fly at him, and then another, and meanwhile the gentleman stood by my side in silence watch- ing his sinking yacht. She had wounded herself so badly that she was quick in filling, and whilst the men were abusing the captain of the yacht the vessel sank, and sea-flash after sea-flash pour ed over her grave, with half-adozen seagulls in the wind, poising their beaks at the spot, as though they waited for something to shoot up. "With your permission, I will join my daughter in the saloon," said the gentleman. 