2rhe Qt ga <®h z cttc PUBLISHED ON WEDNESDAY AJID SATUBBAY Fides et Justitia, SATURDAY, MAY 6, 1899 I . Communistic Bowlers. I . ABOUT five years ago,' the" so-called Socialists who congregate in Sydney Domaiu on a Sunday to blather a strange mixtureofbla8phenly,^narchy~ and eanB- culottism, organised a plot to interfere with free speeoh. Mr. W. M'Millan was to apeak in the Masonic Halt on Wednesday, and the little knot of discontented agitators who. live on the game decided on Sunday that the orator should not be heard ; they went to the meeting' and they - managed to bowl him down. Simi larly, some of the same tribe employed last Sunday; they met, denounced : Reid and Barton, scattered inflamatory handbills, and then assembled in force, on Monday night, and spoiled the i pleasure of over 5,000 people who i attended io the Town Hall, Sydney, | to hear important speeches concerning ! Federation. A pertinent question is, j " Who is responsible for the riotous proceedings?" And, nest, as an in quiry based on natural justice, '. Should free speech in the Domain I be permitted to those who destroy freedom of utterance in the Town i Hail ?" The tactics are . those of blackguards ; in a less civilised com munity, blackguard reprisals would stop the mouths of the blackguards of the Domain. But there fleams to be foundation for the accusation that Dot a few of the Town Hall mob were merely earning from half a crown to five shillings each by screeching their lungs sore on Monday night. . It is pertinent to ask " Who supplied the funds?" "The Domain Socialists, are'1 ..not large capitalists, and there is rooiu from the supposition that the " num ber of howlers, in combination j like a horseshoe in the hall, maintained the boohooing throughout the night," because men of money had subscribed to pay for.'.the dirty work. But, as Mr. Seid'-said, they might keep hie Voice irpmthe ears of the vast audi ence, but they eoutd not prevent bis opinions from being known. The fyithful and skilled reporter was there, and by his iustrumentality the people of the Colony now know what was said. Also, the reporters represented the honest journalism-of the S-. M. Herald and the ^Evening News, and truthful accounts have been made available. Those innocent people are to be pitied who rely for their Feder ation information upon what is pub liohed in the Daily Telegraph. That pajtejr'wBcaridalouBly unfair, and with respbot to federation its columns are giv^noverto eataoio falsehood, and its blows, are the punches of the das tardly pu^iliet who hits his adversary " belo^the belt." . Ko great cause is served, by" lifej' the cause, of Federa tion do^jiiJt.rely upon hoodwinking the ||g'B6rj4tiit,' bribing the greedy, or . elanfleringp Ihe Viotorian neighbor; it Is good: enough and genuine enough tp.hoJb'dged in ,4 house with open door^ and windows, so that every pasSe^by tna,y see for himself. No wi-e iriend of Federation.Droclaima that a flaTOlooB"tJbbstitution has been framed. " If members'of the last Oou yep,tion had compiled a perfect code, . they would have been the ablest men the world has produced. The Consti tution is not without its weak points, but the weakness is only like a tem porary want of musoular development in a rapidly growing human' subject; under prudent management and diet it cannot lead to fatal, disease ; and with the ordinary, anplications of the genius lor self government which is characteristic of our racial origin, even a much less vigorous and much leas democratic measure would suffice for present wants, and would be perfected by experience. SYDNEY pHpers are devoting '-oo ranch space to Mr. John Want, an estimable gentleman who could easily hang him self to deuth to-morrow without cnuBing nature to shed a tear, or wiihont any interference with tlie law of gravitation or a melancholy wink from the eye ot the man in the moon. Tne Colony can get along without Mr. Want. And C!iho<; would .not come if civil fl.vrvant George D bbs were banished to the United States to sit or the s|i0i,« of the big lake and end his few days by cursing Chicago till he butst. Those gentleman and Jack Haynes may be ki.own to posterity ax the .' three miti FeJ «?M-(jruce8." Anyhow, Mr. Want ns a politician is only the ca.idle- lit shadow of good oli Jack Robertson's ghost. ' The Jieruhl a,r .1.. To"n Hall ill" on Monday was "a failure as a jiuMic meeting."? Perhaps if juilgml up ni the lines of. the usual programme ot chairman's address, business of the day, and valeiiiotory votes of thanks, the meeting was not of the plain mid easy. stereotyped order. As a faot there was no order at hII except the order of going when a Domain "dosser" was "chucked out." The Timoiy Dodd, MacLaurin, .Jack Want, Chicago Dibbs brigade hold the fort ; the ''law and order," low- shooters, the friends of the hypothetical dtstress"d widow, the fat man, aud the scum of the city were std'liously represented in an Anti-Bill "corner," a " combine " to cast stink pots at the essence of Parliament as represented by the Premier of the Co lony and the leader of the Opposition. No, the meeting was not a failure ; if Messrs. Reid and Barton had cunningly planned the row against themselves, 'they could not have hit upon a better scheme to advertise Federation, and to stimulate a host of electors to vote " yes " on June 20. And a true le port of the meeting's vote shows that even Sydney is not entirely given over to Anti-Fed. STAMP and other Albums. Bible». Prayer and Hymn Books. Catechisms -At 'Gazette' Depot. A GRAND ball in aid of the B.C. build ing fund iB to be held on Tuesday, May C3; Particulars in our nest. WE learn that in consequence of con tinued illness Mr. W. W. Wren bag been advised to seek medical Iraatment in Syd ney; and.went on Saturday. R TUESDAY; and Friday, 7 to 9 p.m.. office at Courthouse open for issue of electoral rights. Make sure, you have yours ready for the Federal mass vote oa.June-20. At a meeting of partehioners of St. John's Anglican Church, Bega, uo Thurs day evening, two vacancies in the true, teeship were provided for by the nomina tion of Messrs. P. H. Wood and H. Rit chie. It is said that the Hon. J H. Car ruthers, Minister for Lauds, might be iu duced to pay Bega a viBit. We are told that Mr. Carruthers will shortly be at Moruya, and thence will go further south to try the fishing at Eien.' THERMOMETER marked 41 on Bega high lands on Wednesday eight, and frosts, are reported from some localities The grass paddocks show lovely tints of brightest green. In places untouched by stock during the dry weather may be now .seen prairie grass waving up to 10 or 12 inches in height. Theub is a limited local movement to a (.ply for loans under the Advances to Settlers Bill, [n cases where men upon small holdings can show a reasonable prospeot or paying off the loan by yearly and half-yearly instalments during a period of ten years from date of obtaining it, the chance of borrowing money at t per cent. may. help the settler to tide over difficulties and to secure his holding as a 'home, Oertain questions must be truthfully answered as to debt, lieus, stock, value of land and improvements; and if these aie satisfactory, not much difficulty will he cast iutba way of applir cauts.. Information may. be. obtained at I Gazette office. _ - , . .. . 1 \- WOODS' Great Peppermint Cure far CoughB and Colds never fails, 1/6 and 2/2 SEEDS : Winter .cabbe and cauli flower, season 1899j t .Gazette Da pot.* . ».. TANJA. OHDEOH.-OnWbit Sunday, May 21., (to-mortow ^plight) the new church at Tanja, to be<wd "St. Paul's," will be dedicated by theiahop of Goul burn, the Bight Be*. DOhalmera, at a service to begin at 11.0 a.m. Great enthusiasm has markedbe work to set up a neat and. oommodis building lor Divine worahip,at Tan,.. It . is hoped I that Bega' paople witl ,gj\\.eric°araBement | of their presence at tbdedicatioo cere mony. At 3 p.ni., <»Dloi»tion will be administered, and acoecticn made for dioceean purposes. St Jtan's Bega choir will lead the tnusioal parlot tie eervioea. The Tanja Obnreb Oonnritee, through the hon. see., Mr. D. Johfton. heartly invites everyone to attend .> Whit Sun day. By a littlegene£ity the new church may be opened freof all debt. FOB Children's Haokin . yough tafce Woods' Great Pepperinjiit cre, 1/6 and 2/6. JUVENILE.-A. magic latern entertain ment was given by the Sr. F. Bevap ia St. John's Parish Hall onhursday night The object was to obtai funds for a library in oonneotioo witlBega Superior Public Sobool, and the efft .bad saoceB*, as to the ezlubition of lews, and an overflowing audiooce. Jj^oys torchlight procession beaded b> thajbhpolfife and drum band helped to adVrciie <the show. The proceedings in thfe bll began at 8 p.m., with a fife and dim selection. The pupils of th? Prim^f Department followed oD with'Vlhfee-irtsong, "The " J~ " ; .,and -nn-mranTe gave the action song, " Poor jticfther. Goose", the wordsbv Jan/L. .li&ftgo;'i inubic from VYolkslieder." Id ttiefire series of the lantern slides were a wel&nown; horse takiogthehnrdles at laslBega Show; scene* io tbe Airioan lifeofQ. M. Stan ley'. TheBeV. F. Bevaneclted Hood's " Napoleon Bonaparte", -and a comic piece dealing with " Dragas." The in fants sang the'oomioal "Topsy Turoy Song". The second series c slides dealt with " Bnbinson Crusoe", aid introduced various laughable scenes. A vote of thanks was aooorded to .Mr.Bevanfor all his trouble, and thevprocediaga ended with " God Save this Queen" Proceeds about £7. The children, csefully super vised by their teachers, wee on their best behavior. A few who clinbed into chair seats at the back of the hall were not Publio School pupils. AUTHENTIC MEDIOA1 OPINIONS WOBTH KNOWINfl--Dr.Oabornesaye: " I use SANDBE & SONS' EUCALYP TI EXTRACT as a spray for nasal ca tarrh. low fever, asthma, (Sc., with great success. I find this prepantion superior to all others." Dr. Stahi: " I have used various preparations of Eucilvptu*. but I! pe* butter results from SiNDEB aud j SONS' EUCALYPTI EXTBACE than from any other." ^Dr. Ereston: " I never use. any Eucalyptus preparation other tbau SANDER & SOVS', and I fouud the others to be .alinoit uaoleas." Di. Hnrt: "Tt sates without saving thnt SANDER & SQNS' EUCALYPTI EXTRACT is the- best in tbe market." Io lufiiieiiza, all fevers, tbroit and lung trouble, diphtheria diarrhoei. dyaentry, kidney complaints, rheumatism, wounds, sprains, ulcers. &c;" it in invaluable. See that you get SANDEB & SONS', end re. jeot spurious preparations, which are s metimes supplied by unscrupulous dealers. 