NOVEL. The Marllei Seal. By Jeanette Walworth. G BATTER VIII.—- (Oorxhubd.) ' Celeste was a wiser nurse than 1 took her for. 1 had no business ooming in here to talk to my little siok wife. X am going Norrie, and X shan't come baok until yon send for mo, darling. Only don't keep mo away too long. I miss yon so, dear. So do all the . boys. I wish—' ? fllnn t ofnn t mtnn !' Tt ms d «nr nl . -'?r ? v. pain. He did stop, and stood wonderingly silent while she went on impetuously : 4 Yon are talking to me as if I were a lunatic or a child. A. child yon know I am not. A lunatio possibly I might become, if r !ulh«ncat, deceit, oow&rdioe;, dnplioity in a man we-* all that w/ts nocasaary to make a lunatio of 'ft* woman. When I said that. I baud you, I meant it! When I recoiled from your touch as I would from that of a reptile, 1 meant it ! You are a reptile, John Loritner !' Ho blanched at her scathing denunciation of him, and, taming his face from her, he stood with folded arms looking down into the fire. It was on rcord in the medical journals, he reminded himself, that people frequently turned upon their very dearest friends when dementia seized upon them. Chalmers must be summoned at onoe. He would not add to her excitement by a single word. She stopped speaking. He could bear tho tumultuous breathing that lifted the folds of her white wrapper in billows of passion. After a little while her breath came more placidly. 4 Is that *11, Notif he turned and asked her quietly. To soothe her excited nerves was his one objeot just then. 1 That is all. Is it not enough ?' * Quite enough in the way of condemna tion/ He had turned towards the door. 4 You are going V she asked, drearily. 4 la not that wo at you want me to do V 4 Yes.' 4 You know my theory always has been that the veiy wont a good woman oan think of a man falls far short of his deserv ing. I hope you will feel better to-morrow, Nora. Try to sleep now, dear.' He was gone I She looked stupidly at the wooden panels of the door through, whioh he bad disppesxed. 4 Not one word in self - defaaoo J He could u&enraoe; ana defend himself 1 That much to his oredit. And now lot me finish my work.' 8be resumed her writing. Her pen f airl y flew over (he paper. Sheet sf ter sheet she fllltd, folded, enveloped, and direoted, nntil four olosed envelopes ley before her, upon one omy 01 wbioh she pnt a govern ment stamp. When Celeste brought her luncheon to the door, she fonnd hereelf looked out. When ehe knocked two or three hours later, and informed 'Madame' that ehe was there with 'he dinner- iray, ahe war still looked out. When ehe oome again at lamp-light, craving permieeion to put the child to bed, the doo* wan opened sufficiently wide for Ninette to creep in, and through the orevioe Celeste wa« informed that Mre Lorimer would attend to the child herself that night. She wai at liberty to dispose of her evening in her own way. ' The way Celeste did dispose of it was not at all in « her own way.' She was entrapped on her way down the stairs by the mistress of White Cliffs and drawn into the sitting-room, where tha fsmily physician, assisted by John Lorimer and bis mother, oroes-iiuostioued her rigidly and exhaustively as to MrsLorimer's mental condition during previous neurslgio attsoks. She clipped away from them, when they bad extraoted from her a vast deal of infor mation she had never euapeoted herself possessed of, and orept into a oot in the hall just outside Nora'a door. John himself had located it. She had assured him confidently that a mouse oould not etir in Madame's room and she, Oeleate, not hear it from that position. It was from that night that OeleBte Bougereanx always dated her belief m ghosts, and regarded their visitations as presages of evil. She told the story of the White Oliife ghost always with auction. ' It was not of ghosts I was thinkinir ' she would tell yon, 'that i%ht. I ires awake. I oould not sleep. The hall was large and strange to me. The oot was narrow. I was restless. I was thinking of the ohild Ninette, and how she must have miesed me, when of a sodden 1 felt a oold wave sweep over my ieoe and I saw a white figure gliding noiselessly across the hall and turn towards the steps. I eovered my head with the blanhets, chilled but not frightened. Celeste Bougereanx is not a ooward. When I looked agaiu, there was nothing to be seen but the oold pale moonlight streaming through tho uncurtained dormer window upon the bare floor of the hall. The next morning, Mrs John Loruner was not to be fonnd. I told no one of that visitation from the White 0 litis ghost. Bah! the pro vincials, they would have had no faith in it or in me. Bat 1 have seen what I have seen.' One portion of Celeste Bougerenox's atory was irrefragable. It was on the morning after she slept on the oot in the ho.1 that John's wife was not to be found. On the desk in her room were lying three sealed envelopes. One of the envelopei was addressed to her husband. To him Bbe said,*— ' I married you for Ninette's sake, I leave you for yonr own. Ton may be a trifle ahooked at this violent rending of the feeble chain that links us together, but I fancy you Will be infinitoly obliged to me in the long ran. Consult eome of your lawyer friends and see how the knot oan be untied legally, foi 1 would not have you lose the full fruits of this eaorifioe by reason of obstaoles in tho path of your marrying again,— moro felioit onsly next time, I will hope. I have no intention of making away with myself.' Another one of the envelopes was addressed to Oeleste. To her she said,— ' As soon ss yon have read this, ask Mr Lurimer to send you and the obild to Gleu burnie. Take with you her trunk and the envelope addressed to Miss Fairbanks, which I leave with this. Be good to Ninette, and stay with her : it will be to your interest.' The third envelope was addressed to Miss Fairbanks. To her she said,— ' I am not condnotinsr mv nrnirnt in the way I had planned before ooming to White Cliffs. But, after all, we are the merest puppets in tbe bands of Fate. I had meant my Little Ninette should win her own way with you beforo I made lor her the startling olaims of kinebip. She is Sibley Fairbank's daughter — his only ohild, born iu holy wed lock. Her mother and father did not live together happily. He deserted her: she had to make her own support. As all of the papers were iu hie possession, it may be some time yet before the child's legal claim upon you or opon yonr father oan be estab lished. She is the child of my only sister — a younger sister, to whom I was idolatrously attached. John Lo rimer's suit for my hand carried no weight with it until he accident ally mentioned the faot of having the Fair banks of Glenburnie as neighbors. I meant to hnvo farpt Ninette myself nntil her claim npon her grandfather had been made so olear that ho would gladly have reeogniaed it ; but it has been ordered otherwise. If your first impulse should be to order Celeste, the child's nurse, to leave your presence and take the ohild with her, stop and deliberate twice before you send yonr brother Sibley's infant daughter adrift in an unfriendly world. Until I procure the proofs of what I say, yon must take my simple oasmtion. Every word in thie letter Is absolutely trae.' CHAPTER IX. Fjowere ! flowers everywhere ! The moet expensive sorts at the most expensive season 1 But expense was never taken into aooount in the Noroross establishment. Bid Mrs Nor oross desire a thing f And was that thing the very beet of its kind ? Those were the only two questions worth the asking or the answering. Friday was Mrs Eugene Noroross'e day. Not that every day was not entirely at her own frivolous disposal, but even butterflies are subject to exhaustion, and it Mr Noroross bad not sot apart one day out of the seven for * 6peoial observances,' the gayest butterfly ot faebion that all Esplanade Street, In the oity of New Orleans, could boast, would bave succumbed to tire burden of its own popularity. On Friday, therefore, one was curs of finding Mrs Noroross at home, clothed in one of thoeo marvels of Frenoh costumes that all her ' set was raving over.' One was alan ?ore of finding the house converted into a bower of roses, while from Bvery oorner of the spaoions lower floor, daring the regula tion hours, floated tbe miugled aroma ot English breakfast tea and feminine gossip. Apparently, no onevnjnyedMrsNoraro&s;'s Friday afternoons moro thoroughly than she did hereelf. No ohild i reBbly admitted into fairy-land oould have outdone her in joyous gayety, as she flashed from groap to group of the tea-drinkers, moving her lithe form with ita glistening satin train, and her jewelled arms and bands, with an effective grace not altogether nnatndied. All of those who drank her tea were not good-natured towards Eugene Noro rose's young wife. Some of them, perhaps,' 'had not yet got over tho secret smart of his defection from the ranks of their own possible suitors. Some of them, perhaps, would bave preferred his marrying a woman whom somebody knew. Among these was his aunt, Mrs Mellioent Noroross, who con fidentially assnrod his married sister, Mrs DBlanoy Delany, on the Friday in question, that— * ' ' If Noroross had not brought her direct from Paris, one would be tempted to accuse her of gaucherie.' 'Not gauoherie! Anything but that. For a woman in her first winter here, sbe is tbe most absolutely self possessed voung thing I ever saw.' ' Well, then, provinoialism, if you prefer. I imagine she has seen very little of this sort of thing. Her enjoyment of it is too uudiqerniaed, too absurdly genuine. 4 It is rather patent. , She is a pretty though | Mellioent. One oan scarcely blame Eugene for beoomlog in fatuated so late in life-' ? cue u exquisite s Ubio from the crown of her blonde hair to the tips ot those Utile twinkling yellow satin slippers. It is her offusrve gayety I oondemu. I should prefer more repose of manner.' 1 Her ooBtnme is daring. No woman lees sure of her oomploxion wonld have ventored so much yellow at onoe. She does laugh too muoa. ° Mrs Delanoy Delany lowered hot long handled eye- glasses, and sighed. Mrs Mellioent Noroross lowered hers, and smiled : T 'After all, why should she not laugh f Life must be an altogether pleasant thing for her. The adored wife of Eugene Nor cress, no ohildren, assured position, old family, wealth, beauty, youth, health 1— I envy hBr, my dear, positively.' ' And— yet— a skeleton 1' Mrs Mellioent shrugged her plump should ere and lowered her voioe : ' Ton mean Eugene himself ?' ' As jealous as a Spaniard I' 'What would you have? Perfeotionf I imagine her Friday afternoons are free from his espionage only beoanse he knows that no men ever oome here before gas-light. He will appear lighting of the first jet.' Doubtless 1 It is an ngly serpent in this pretty Eden.' 'She walks too rapidly. She laoka repose. Then opportunity for further oritioiem was lost. Mrs Nororoes was ooming towards them, followed by a tray- bearer. She swooped down npon them smiling : -m — a ?re .nfl'.tfI0r «eti»g nor drinking 1 This IB abominable., ' No : we were gossiping, and about you.' ' About me P' She olaspoi two jewelled hands to her pink ears. Tho diamonds that flashed upon them were prioelees family gems. ' It is the left one that burns. Yon were saying naughty things about me.' ' On the oontrary. We were saying that Eugene was always a most fortunate man. Bnt— Bennet is trying to aatoh yonr eye. He has a oard there. One does not need sards to-day.' Mm Noroross turned towards ihe butler, who was standing behind her extending a oard and wearing his most impassive facial expression. She flushed under this im plication uf social ignorance, and made no motion towards taking the card : «I am at home to all my friends to-day, Bennett. . * ' 4 This is not a friend, madam. It is a person.' 4 Then I am not at home to her ' 4 She insists npon seeing you. She would not go. She has written something on the oard. I have shown her into Mr Noroross'e study/ Mrs Noncross lifted tho card from the salver, it was one of the sort Bennet always kept in the drawer of the hall rack for emergencies. There was nothing wntteh on It but a name : 4 Nora.' A Blight tremor, as slight as the waving of a wiUow wand when a rude wind shakes it suddenly, passed through her frame, leaving her oolor a shade fainter, and her voioe a trifle less resonant in its gay dear tones : 4 Presently.' She waved Bennett ont of her presenoe wiih that one softly-spoken word, and onoe more gave her exolnsive attention to Mr Noroross'e relatives. She had a favor to ask of both of them : ? Would dear Mrs Delany oome to her on next Monday and dine en familleP She and Eugene ooold not agree upon the looation of the conservatory. They needed an empire. Eugene was positively autooratie.' ' And would dear Mrs Nororoes make one at tiie theatre-party ehe was getting np for Irving's first night f' Then, with joyous thanks, and an adieu waved from the tipB of her pearl-stioked oetrioh. feather fan, ehe turned from them flashing and smiling, and, gradually making her way to the velvet portiere that separated disappeared behind them. 'Wonderful!' Mrs Delany exclaimed, in tones of genuine admiration, as the volvet draperies fell eoftly together onoe more, shutting cut the radiant vision. ' What?' ' Amelia's self control. Tha card that Bennett brought her agitated her excessively . She had twisted it into a perfect corkscrew before yon had made up your mind about the theatre-party. The perron is noc wel come.' ' That, at least, goes to prove that Eugene did not marry a provincial.' ' I yield that point; But one would like to know a little something of the antecedents of one's own brother's wife.' If it had been Mrs Delany's privilege to go with her eister-in-law into the presenoe of the person who was patiently waiting in the stndy, her onriosity might have been amply if not agreeably satisfied on the eoore of antecedents. It was John Lorimar's wife who sat there waiting for the tardy ooming of her sister Amelia, Ninette's mother. As the radiant young thing who had just successfully ran the gauntlet of several eoore of oritioal eyes flitted into the dimmer region of Mr Nor oroseji study, Nora stood up ooniused and bewildered. They kissed eaoh other, and they oslled eaoh otner ' Norrie' and 'Mellie,' but, even as their embracing arms fell apart, the look of pain and bewilderment deepening on Mrs Lorimer'e faoe, she recognized that ehe was looking at her sister over a yawning abyss. ' I don't understand at all, Amelia 1 I have been trying to find yon for a month. When I heard that you were Mre Eugene Noroross, I grew more utterly bewildered than ever. What does it mean ? You can not — have ? ' ' My letter was explicit enongh, heaven know s 1* Mrs Noroross interrupted her rudely langneu nervously, ana settled herself on the other end of Nora's sofa. ' Yonr letter f ' Yes,— my letter, in whioff I told you the whole truth. I thought it would be safest. When I sent Ninette to you and told you I was going to Europe with that old woman as her paid companion, I told you that I oould not take Ninette with me, because it was only on the understanding that I had no ties ehe would have me. She said she wanted no tear- shedding females about her. You knew all that, before.' ' Well. I thought no weong of it, cither.* ' But I did not tell you the whole trnth Nora. If that old woman had not been Engene Noroross'e mother, and if he had not been going over with her, 1 never wonld have taken the position. It all turned out splendidly. The old lady died in Nioe. I had seen none of her family, but her son, on this side. I came baok Mrs Eugene Nor cross. When I wrote you from Paris that I was going on tho etago, it was to prevent you from hunting me np, me chere. I knew yonr horror of stage people. One cannot hope to eucoeed in life,— succeed as I have — ' she glanoed comprehensively about her', — ' if one dnre not finesse a little, even with one's own lister. As for the ohild, she was alwayB much fonder of you than she was of me. I wrote you a long letter three weeks ago. I told you iu that letter that I did not mean Ninette should be a pecuniary burden to you.' Nora put her hand to her head with a dis tracted gesture : * I grow more bewildered at every word, Amelia. I never got your letter, I have heard from you but once since the day Celeste came to me with your little girl, bringing the letter telling me you were going to Europe as a companion. That onoe was when yen wrote mo you were going on the stage. I cried over that letter, Mellie, and I prayed so hard that you might bo kept pure and sweet.' Mrs w ? ? smiled lnauigcw, . ? n. ruse, Norrie, my dear, but a neoessary one. I knew your abhorrence oi the stage and I knew, or thought I knew, that if you believed me to bo on the stage you would ehuu ine as you would a leper.* ' And you wanted me to shun you V ' Yes.' A oold, hard look had oome into the radiant young face. * I, who have been mother and sister and teaoher all in one to you, Mellie? I\ who never wanted you even to try to support yourself at type-writingP' ' Yee.* It oame monotonously from the full red lip1 which after eaoh utteranoe Mrs Noroross drew fieroely in under her glistening white teeth. 4 But why ?* ' I toy you why in thai letter.' ' But I never got the letter, I tell you.' ' Then I will have to go over the whole hateful chapter onoe more. But not here Thie it Mr NororoBi's stndy, and be might oome in unexpectedly/ Sbe got up, almost dragging her sister with her. ' Why should Mr Noroross not find me here!' Nora asked, resentfully. ' I have a right to oome to see my own sister, have I not, Amelia P, Amelia made an irritated motion with her pretty hands : 4 1 have eo muoh to tell yon, Nora, and the honee i§ eo full of people. You mast follow me. Some one might interrupt us. ' She dropped her sister's handfl, and, sweeping rapidly forward, led the way, by a rear staircase, to the upper floor, never onoe pausing in her graceful sinuous progress until they readied % email dressing-room, perfeot in all appointments, through the open door of which she got a glimpse into a bedroom fitted up with aiill more Oriental splendor. 4 Now! We are safe!— quite safe! Eugene never intrudes here. We oan talk oomfortably/ She pnehed Nora into an easy chair, and, Mating herself close beside her. began nervously : 4 1 am eorry yon failed to get that letter. It would have saved you this trip/ 4 No. I came to the city independently of any expectation of seeing yon. I had be lieved yon were on the stage. I had given yon np for dead. I plaoed the child where its proper protectors would be obliged to core for it, and iben— then ? . Bnt I did not oome hero to talk about myself. Tell me all that yon have kept from me so long, Amelia/ (To be oontiuned.) The Most Valuable Cloak in the World —The moat valuable cloak in the world is probably that in possession of Lady Brassey. This mantle was presented by Queen Romane, of the S*udwioti Islands, to Captain Thomson, of the BritisO Navy, for the protection extended to her against the Frenoh in 1843. The foundation of the mantle is a network of native hemp, and to it are attached by tine threads of the same material the feathers of birds found only in the Hawaiian Islands. The upper and lateral borders, whioh are oordod with a string of hemp, are decorated with alternate oreeoent-abaped figures eompoB^d of either red or yellow feathers. Tho cloak is four feet in lengfh and eleven and a half feet in width at the bottom, tapering up to twenty three inohea at the top. The great difficulty experienced in proonriog tne feathers and the number of years required to complete the garment constitute its chief olaim to valno. its yellow feathers are especially valuable, and the bird trom whioh they are obtained is rare and diffioulc to capture. The market prioe of five of these feathers is about ten shillings ; and by this estimate the value of the whole, taking in the amount of labonr involved, is about £160,000. 