UNDER FATE'S WHEEL. . ... _? - ? i ? ? v. [By LAWRENCE L. LYNGH, author of 'Shadowed by Three,' 'No: Proof,' etc.] CHAPTER XXVII.— (Continued). As Lorna takes Jier place the first faint strain )f music is heard, ai±d she knows it to come ip from the lake, from Lee or beyond, where i little pleasure steamer is starting out, up the. ake or down, as may be, with its freight of pleasure-seekers., . 'is it going up or down?' she wonders idly, as she listens and -waits, and presently her query is answered by, lender strains as the boat, well in shore, comes slowly down. How loud the music sounds now in the still night air! It would quite drown any lesser sound, such as an annrnsir-hinsr fnotsl-pn nnnn |Jie sand, or— is someone coming now? Some one close at hand? She leans forward to look with one arm twined about the pillar against which she has been leaning. Just a moment before, the watcher among the lilacs and syringas has been startled al most into revealing herself by the sudden ap pearance, close to her, and just on the other side of her thicket, of a small figure encum bered with something which it daposits at the jyery edge of the path, against a small shrub ?foy tree, and so close that she can almost reach hut and touch it as it is being placed and ar '»anged wirh such care. ?LAunt Cass, for the watcher is no other, feels tf little triumphant tnrill as she waits. 'Ah. ms feever friend,'1 she says to hersalf. 'That was mvell thought of to come in through the stable f-ard and across the garden, . instead of down, nlie path as usual. Are you looking for a ghost, too, I wonder, or' — she starts thinking of Lorna, whom she has seen, and has fancied out on a ghost- hunt like herself. Could this figure be seeking Lorna? As the newcomer steps cautiously out upon the edge of the path,i, Aunt Cass is thankful for the noise of the band so near' them now, for,- in moving to follow, she has caused the lilacs to rustle. But she is not heard; and unmind ful now of the anticipated ghost, she creeps after the gliding figure just before, and going toward the boat-house. Thy are very near it now, and Aunt Cass, 6topping as the other stops just ahead, sees with a thrill something drawn from the breast, held up to the eve for an instant, then I gasped in the ready right hand, as the figure I mores on. As it is raissd aloft in the uplift I ed hand, a gleam of light glances from it, and I tlie spinster shudders. I Is it a pistol or a knife? She thrills with I ? something like fear, but she keeps on, scarce ? It an arm's length behind the creeping figure. I Boom, boom, turn, turn, turn! goes the music. I No fSar of being heard now. And now the I path makes a little inward curve as it circles I around the bdathouse on either side. But the advancing figure keeps to the lower path, go ing between the building and the lake; and Lorna, waiting at the landward front, sees . neither the first nor the second shadow as they 6lowly make the circuit of the boathouss, coming around and towards the waiting girl from the further side. But if Lorna does not see, someone else does. At least he sees the first figure as it creeps around the north-west curve of the little building, and halts an instant to raise and hold in readiness something at which he guesses, more from the gesture than from ac tual sight, and now the creeping figure, with hand uplifted, is at the corner. It peeps cau tiously, to be assured that Lorna is still there, and then ? There is a swift spring, a cry of warning, and a quick, upward blow at the threatening I arm. At the same instant Lorna feels herself I snatched backward and within the boathouse, I and sees two flying figures, pursuer and pur I sued, hearing at the same moment the tinkle r of falling glass upon the stone paving of the | little surrounding portiere. ' 'Are you hurt, Miss Hilton?' asks a man's voice breathlessly; and even as she answers *;2So,' Lorna sees him spring through the pearest archway and dash down the path. tlYien there is a quick exclamation, in the same voice, and she hears — 'Miss Chetwynde!' 'Mr. Cook?' 'Good heavens, are you hurt?' 'Xo, but that little beast, he— he threw me flown, and it s no use, Mr. Cook, he's off on his wheel. Let's look after Lorna. He must have meant harm to her. What was it?' They are at the entrance now, and Lcrna meets them there. 1 'What is it?' she asks, and at the moment ttiere rings out a shriek of fear, or pain, or both; and at the same tune a lGud shout as of triumph. I 'Stay herel Be careful! It was vitriol, I I think !' With the words on his lips the sheriff is off in the direction of the saund. I Higgins has done his work well. At the I point where the lawn merges into the wood, I beyond 'and southward, the shore extends out I ward like a tiny cape; and here a group of I trees has been cut through to open the path, I so that at this pcint the shadows are dense I across the way where the branches meet I overhead. I It is the only spot so covered, and here Hig I , gins, heedless of possible consequences, and I eager only 'to catch the ghost,' has set his I trap, and has succeeded beyond . his highest I ? hopes. I Across the path, from tree to tree, he has I stretched a tennis net. 'Now. then,' he says, I to himself, 'let it come a-sailin' along. If I it's a live thing that'll stop it,' and it did. I Having placed the net, he has taken his sta I tion behind a tree, with a lantern lighted and I covered with a blanket, close at his feet, and I when the sheriff reaches the place, he finds I the man bending over a form lying in a hor I riblyv cramped position, and motionless upon I the ground, the light of his uplifted lan:e:n I showing a. pallid face, a boyish figure, and a I wrecked bicycle, all entangled in a torn ten I nig net, which wellnigh brings the sheriff to I his knees, as he comes hurrying on. At the I, next moment Loyd Hilton, with a second lan I tern, comes running up. ---? I Being men of nerve, they waste no words. I The boy lies close to the foot of a tree, and I when they lift him the blood trickles from a I cut in .the temple. I There is but one thing; to do, and it is I promptly done. They lift the lifeless form, I and send Higgins— frightened now, and as I hamed, after a sharp reprimand from his mas I ter— running ahead to prepare the way. r] As they bear their burden gently forward, I Lorna and Aunt Cass come panting up, and as 1 the rays .from Loyd's lantern fall full upon the I still face, the spinster starts, looks closer, and, I suddenly turning, hurries Lorna on. I A moment later she meets them at the steps ?1 alone. . I 'Give me your lantern, Loyd,' she says I firmly, 'and put him down a moment upon the I divan, while you go. and care for Lorna. I I have sent her to the kitchen on an errand, and I you must not let her come back here until I — -' she glances down at the pale face. 'Be I careful!' she adds, as- they enter the door. I ??'Take him to my' room.'. Loyd says, as they I place their burden apon the hall divan for the I mcment-. 'and; 'send someone lor Jarvis at I onc&' ?'?'.-' I As he torus away Mrs. Hilton hurries to I ward. them. ; I 'Wliat is it?' she asks, but Aunt Cass, -who I has pushed Loyd away from the divan and I hurried him after Lorna. now turns and says I to the sheriff* 'Stand back,' and ignoring for I the moment Mrs. Hilton and her query, she I kneels 'beside She fl:van. looks, closely Into the I white f ace,*;and -ihrusts *er fingers through the I thick, dose/ clustering hair. Then she rises I and loosens the collar of the neglige shirt.. I f 'Mrs. ^Hilton,' she says, turning sudden'y, I and suddenly becomes the cool commander. 'Ton 'will have to give this poor soul ano ther room, not Loyd'6, and— call y6ur-. -woman. This'— pointing to the prostrate figure— 'is-^-a woman.' i ? . 'A— woman!' For the moment Mrs. Hil ton has lost her gentle self -control. 'Do you mean— a woman— and— the ghost?' And now Miss Cassandra feels a touch of the 'nerves.' 'The ghost? Yes. She is the ghost! She has just tried to kill Lorna, or destroy her beauty with vitriol. She is also, I believe, the owner of the face of Lorna's dreams and visions. But— she has been half, or wholly, killed by your servant's trap, and— she is a woman!' 'Come!' Mrs. Hilton turns and leads the way upstairs, while the sheriff, after one glance toward Aunt Cass. lifts the slight fig ure, obedient to her signal, and carries it to the dainty chamber, at the door of -which the two women stand waiting. 'The heart still beats,' he says, when he has placed his burden upon the bed and ex amined it with quick, intelligent touch and glance, 'and there is a weak pulse.* Now for Doctor Jarvis.' 'One moment.' Aunt Cass turns from one to the other. 'Loyd and Lcrna must not be admitted — must not know— yet And — I will take charge of this girl— at least until the doc tor comes. Let there be no talk. . I believe the key to our mystery lies there,' and she points ioward the bed. CHAPTER XXVIII.— WITH THE SHERIFF. Little things sometimes turn the tides of great events. When Sheriff Cook arrived at Lee, after his two' weeks' absence, he meant to see Hope Chetwynde without delay. But the first word addressed him upon his arrival was from a friend and near neighbor, and -it told him of his sister's illness. She had been ill three days, and the case was now grown critical. Without waiting for more, Thomas Cook gal loped with all haste to his sister's and his own country home. All that day his thoughts were given to the sufferer, and he hardly left the house. But | at noon of the second day the favorable change of the morning was confirmed, and pronounced permanent, and .then he hastened to town. , He had scarcely arrived at his office when Miss Cassandra Chttwynde appeared, and when he had heard her tale of the Redlands ghost he modified his plans. 'The ghost, taken alcne, would hardly jus tify me, perhaps, in changing the order of my doings,' he said, after some thought. 'But when I consider the mysterious rumor con cerning Loyd Hilton and reflect that the ru mor and the ghost have appeared almost simultaneously, I find the ghost of interest. I meant to visit you at the villa th's evening, Miss Chetwynde, but as you intend to be ab j sent, and the matter can very well keep until to-morrow, I will come to Redlands myself some time near midnight I shall not an nounce myself, and — do not look for me, Miss Cassandra. It is the ghost I shall come to see. I know the place to be haunted— in the opinion of the fishermen, at least But the ghost has only recently taken snipe.' And so they parted. 'My dear, I have promised to spend the i night at Redlands. Tou won't mind being , left for that time, will you?' This is what Miss Cassandra has said to Hope before setting out for her ghostly vigil, and it is all she has said, upon this sub ject; and Hope, is not surprised. Aunt Cass is not given to explanations, on the one side; and Hope, on the other, would have let no thought of fear or the proprieties come be tween herself and any wish or plan of her Aunt Cassandra's, and fear the girl had none. Neither, at this time, did she object to a lit Je solitude. She had so much to think of, so much to hope for, and — to fear. j Now the sheriff had intended, before the visit of Aunt Cass, to go to the villa that night, believing that his arrival was by now known to Hope. But this was not the case, and so the spinster assured him. Hope's se clusion, and her lack of interest in small mun dane matters, kept from her knowledge the items of daily interest known to most, and in this case Aunt Cass, the only one at the v.l a [ who knew of the sheriff's return, had been ! purposely silent, so that when, soon after her aunt naa ser out ror iteuuuuus, nope rwsuveu a note from Sheriff Cook, it aroused her to in terest and action. The note simply announced Mr. Cock's re turn, and the fact that he would visit her on the following morning at ten o'clock. And now Hope wished earnestly for her Aunt Cass, for the doubt9 and fears, so long pent up, now that they were soon to be con firmed or dissipated, seemed to clamor for utterance, and there could be no other listener but her sensible, sympathetic aunt. Early next morning Hope sent a note to Redlands informing her aunt of the sheriff's return, in all innocence of heart, and begging her to be at home without fail to meet him at ten o'clock. At nine o'clock, his good steed awaiting him, Sheriff Cook is standing at his outer office door studying the situation. When he left Redlands last night Doctor Jarvis was in attendance, and had pronounced the case critical. There is an injury to the skull, he says, which must in tune affect the brain; and there are other internal injuries, the extent and seriousness of which he has not -yet fathomed. There is also a dislocated wrist. Tne injured- one is still insensible, and as there seems nothing more for him to do then, he prepares to go. As he bids Aunt Cass good bye at the door of the sick room, she says im pressively — 'When she speaks — if she ever does speak — and the doctor thinks it possible, I. think you will be interested in what she may, have to say —that is, if I have not made a mistake.' 'A mistake! How?' 'Merely hi the matter of identity.' And she will say no more. The sheriff is thinking of this, and is asking himself if it is not possible to go by the short est route to Redlands and still reach the villa at ten o'clock, when someone comes . up the steps, and he turns to confront Terence Glynn. The young man's face is anxious.and he asks for a few words with the sheriff in a tone at once so grave and businesslike,, that, in epite of his own haste and preoccupation, th£ officer turns and silently unlocks his door. Two thoughts have occupied the mind of Terence Glynne since his parting from Lqriia Hilton at her own door yesterday: one that Lorna, whose vivacious sweetness and dainty beauty . were made for happiness, was over whelmed with sorrow, sorrow which, as he now believed, was blighting her health and preying upon her mind, and all because the cloud upon the fair fame of the brother she loved and believed in. seemed growing heavier and more threatening, with no hope of its lift ing, or changing. The other was the thought,, the belief, that he and he alone, may lift this cloud— for her sake. ' (To be continued.) 