THE YELLOW DRAWING-ROOM, (PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT.) E.. "F. Author of "Scamp and I," "The Honourable Miss," "A Sweet Girl Graduate," "A Son of Ishmael," "The Siren," &c.;, &c; ; and Joint Author of ."Stories from the Diary of a Doctor," "Dr. Rumsey's Patient," &c.;, &e.; ' ' , COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER II.— (Con tinned.) sue liad scarcely said the words before a door in the middle of the ivory fretwork screen was opened, and Jellybrand stepped out. "I trust you are all .pleased," he said, fixing iu» eyes ursL tin £.ugeiuit. s luue, men on mine, and finally on Holroyd. "The music is rather too much for Miss Rochester," I said. "Ah! I feared so," replied Jellybrand. "There is something extraordinary In that Bpecial Instrument. Played by those who thoroughly understand It, It has an affect on certain nerves and muscles, which act and re-act on the nervous system. Of course,' comparatively few natures are disturbed to an extraordinary extent, but some are. ."You; I see. Miss' Rochester, are one of the vic tims." As Jellybrand spoke I found myself looking at him with strange Interest. He had a re- -ircrkable face. His temples were much worn and hollowed, his cheeks were thin, his face was nearly bloodless, but he had a sinewy frame and an upright carriage. He was now In vening dress, and looked not only the gen tleman but the man of culture. It was absurd of him to take the podtion he did. I made up my mind to have a talk with him presently, and to induce him to act In a little less eccentric manner. While I was gazing at him T noticed that Holroyd and Eugenia had disappeared. "Your grand-daughter looks very tired, Mr. Rochester." said my queer host. "I never saw Genny in. better . form thar, before she heard your abominable music." L" could not help saying. ' "I hope you won't have the Balallakas played here, again." ' "It may bo necessary,' or it may not." was the ambiguous answer. "To ov?Q.,e. grand effect's, and produce new- impressions, is one of .the Strongest motives of my -life, Mr, Rochester. I am sorry your grand-daughter Is delicate. . She has an Interesting face, very." I left him and returned to the drawing- room. I talked to one or two more visitors that night. They mentioned the queer mu sic of the Balallakas. On no one had It had the remarkable effect it' hart produced on Genny. Presently hel- gay laugh on- the bal- coiiv re-assured me. 1 felt a weight lifted from my old heart. In nbdki. half an hour she rejoined me. "If you are not tired, grandfather, I am," she said, "Don't you want to say good night :and come upstairs?" "I will, child, I am so pleased to see that you have recovered your Bplrlts," I an swered. "My spirits? Perfectly. Oh, you allude to that music; the impression went off as soon as I got Into the air, that was thanks to Mr. Holroyd. Mr. Holroyd knows some of the people we know. , Good night, Mr. Holroyd, I am bo glad we met you:" Holroyd. took, her slender hand In lils-and looked for a moment earnestly Into her eyes, .thc-n he. turned, bade, me a courteous good night and -accompanied us' us far- as the door of the drawing- room. The next- morning my grand-daughter was in her usual excellent spirits. She rose early and when I went Into the little dining-room I saw her flitting about preparing breakfast 'an. was bpr.wont— her cheeks were, full of delicate up-l lovely colour and. her eyes were i brighter than 1 had ever "seen them. "Notice how the sun .po.urs ill!" she ex claimed. "Oh, It Is going to bo a perfect day. 'What" do you mean to do tills fine morning, grand-dad?" -l'Satr in niy chair near the window which was slightly or en. "Stay where I am," I replied, "1 feel que'er- ly tired." "Do you? I am sorry for that/ Won't you go for your accustomed >valk In the park, you lare quite clfiEe to '.he park here you know." "No," I replied, "I am too tired,. It Is old ;age, Genny, my darling." ' My child, I have nearly run my appointed span of life;" "Not a bit of It," she replied, hut I noticed that Bho looked suddenly thoughtful nnd that a sadness swept over licr loving face. "How I wlsn people need never die," she exclaimed, "It is, ao cruel, I mean the parting of death is so cruel, hut we won't tnllc of that. You "nave many long years before you. Do you kno w, grandfather, that I heard that cueer music in my d reams." "Well, I trust wo won't listen to It in our waking moments any more," 1 answered, "I appreciate ntpsic us much as anybody, but not that weird klr.d. Of crurse It dees riot affect me as It did you, Genny. I am srrry. darling, that you are bo terribly sensitive. Cm another evening when the Balallakas are ployed we will leave the drawine-room." "Oh. we need not do that. I shall go on the balcony. I don't suppose It will affect me from there. All the same It had the queerest power of drawing me last night. I felt that If It continued much longer I must scream or rush up- to the musicians and Interrupt them? I could scarcely control myself. Well, I mufct go out now. Lam sorry you are tired, dear," she continued. "Perhaps this afternoon you end I can go for a walk together, bu't I have an appointment at" Mortlock's tills morning. I will try to return as soon as possible." She pinned on her shady hat, bade me a has ty good-bye and vanished. - - I thought for a few moments of her sweet . face, her young, slender, agile figure. Eugenia was always the personification of graceful youth and perfect health. It Is true that there was nothing robust about the child, but neither had she a trace of disease. She re- sembled a gay confldpnt.'Splrlt; both proud and eager. To her belonged the -trite essence of grace and beauty of motion. I sat back in my easy chair and thought about her. I felt feeble and listless. The stpall property which I owned would at my death go to a distant relation. " If I died soon Genny would be pen niless.. . She was too pretty and Innocent to be left alone In tills cold world. I sat on by the window and my thoughts were sad. . It Is true that I was only seventy- five and people In our day live to be eighty- five and even ninety. Still In many eases old age arrives at five and seventy years. I could not disguise the fact to myself that with me It had done so. My growing Infirmities could not fall to ongroBs my attention. A desire al most ptasslonate to become strong again, to bring back the days of health, and manhood oppressed me with a fervour which amount ed to pain. "At least, my God!" I cried, saying the words aloud, "let me live until Eugenia Is happily married," and then I added in a voice of reproach, "why do you make life at once so precious and so short?" The words had scarcely passed my lips be fore there came a tap- at the door and Jelly brand entered. . CHJ&TER; III.— THE SIXTH SENSE.- Jellybrand did not apologise for his Intru sion, but coming straight forward and clasp ing his hands behind, his back he stood look ing down at me. - "I hope, you have slept well," he said; "I also hope that you find your new rooms every thing that can be desired." ' "I have all that I need," I said somewhat shortly, "my granddaughter Is also fully satisfied." . .. 'I am much pleased to hear that," replied Jellybrand, still standing before- me. "You will forgive me, sir, for saying, that I am deeply interested In Miss Eugenia— she 1b a very beautiful young lady, she has got an un common face, and is possessed of great glftB." ."What do .you mean ?'.' ' . "I mean this. She possesses to an extra ordinary degree the sixth sense." "The sixth sense!" I cried, t'now what are you driving at?" . "I will explain all that presently." ' J closed my Hps, and I have no doubt a look of Impatience crossed them. The man con tinued to stand before me, "I met Miss Rochester half an' hour ago," he said, after a pause. "Indeed!". I replied. "Yes. she was going out, she told me nil about It. She Is a very confiding young-lady." "I have newer remarked that in Eugenia," I Interrupted. "When I look at her she tolls me all I want to know." continued Jellybrand, the ghost, of a smile flitting across his bloodless lips; "She told me she was going to Mortlock's. Last night; ton, I had the pleasure of hearing soine of her ambitions and wishes. No girl ever de sired to lend a more innocent, a purer, and more beautiful life. but. Mr. Rochester, your granddaughter must not work too hard. In youth one ought not to strain the strength which has got to carry one through a long, a very long day." "How do you know that the day is very long," I said. His last remark had seemed to chime In with my own thoughts. In reply he looked at me with great earnestness, and I noticed a peculiar expression in his somewhat shifty yellow eyes. « ' "Sit down," I said to him suddenly. He drew forward a chair, and did as re quested. "It Is Impossible to consider you a servant, .Jellybrand," I said. "Why 'do you take that absurd position. It puts us all wrong, it puts the whole house out of gear." "It is my wish." he answered stiffly, "it Is a subject I decline to discuss.'! Then lie paused, continuing after a moment. "Mr. Rochester, I must not take up any more of your time. 1 came here now to say that the entertainment this evening in the Yellow Drawing Room will be particularly lively. I hope you and Miss Rochester will not fall to be present." "I don't think I shall allo.w my grand daughter to visit the Yellow Drawing Room If you have that awful Balallaka played again," I cried. He waved his hand as 1( to dismiss the sub ject. "Enough," he eald, "If the Balallaka Is played once more In the Yellow Drawing Room It will be at Miss Eugenia's request, thut I can promise you." "She will never make .that request," I said with a laugh. "I shall see you then- to-night, Mr.. Roches ter; you and Miss Rochester?" "PerhapB," I replied, "that Is if I anv well enough, but often at night I am tired and worn out." "But that should, not be," said Jellybrand. "Forgive me, my dear sir, there is no reason why you should not onjoy life."; "Except that I am old'," I retorted. He again gazed at me with wonderful ear nestness, pursing up his lips as he did so. Af ter u. lbng pause he spoke.. ;"I have given my closest attention to the subject, the cruel and harrowing subject of old age," he said. He now brought .out his, words slowly, and as if each one were Weight-1 ed with a thought. "Now the question to he considered is this— why should man grow old 7" ' ' I laughed Irritably. The subject of old age always annoys me, and as a rule I turn my, back on It. (TO HE CONTINUED.) 