HANSARD REPORT. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Wednesday November 1 The Speaker (Hon. Sir Jenkin Coles) took the chair at 2 p.m. ASSENT TO ACT. A message was received from His Excel- lency the Governor assenting to the Supply Act. THE PROTECTOR AND THE CONTINGENT. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Right Hon. C. C. Kingston) informed Mr. . von Doussa that tiie reason why the Protector was not employed in die transport of tbe contingent to the Medic was that her boilers were undergoing repair*. SCHOOL AT BUNDALEBR. The MINISTER of EDUCATION (Hon. R. Butler), to 3Ir. Cummins, said he had seen a telegram from one of the Inspectors respecting the opening of a school at Bunda Icer, and he expected that the matter would be satisfactorily, settled in a. few days.- ' '? ? - . WAR NEWS. Mr. CASTINE asked, seeing that the Australasian Colonies had provided troops for service in South, Africa, did the Pre mier think'- it advvablc tn- emer'-intp communication wi&b.; t-hc Imperial wthori ties fo tlmt Fpecml war telegrams might be seat to tbe colonies respecting the progress of the war. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL did not know that such an arrangement was pos sible. Neither did he think it was desir able, in view of the very full telegrams pub lished bv die Press. Mr. CASTTNE stated that the Colonial Secretary informed the British House of Commons of what was going on at the seat of war, and, seeing that South Australia was an integral part of the Empire, and had sent troops, did the Premier not con sider that a similar course should be adopted -here. The ATTORNEY-GBNERAL replied that they got. through the medium of the Press, the information as fully and as early as they conW expect. Mr. ARCHIBALD enquired if the .Pre mier wou!d sop if he could not through His Excellency the Governor make arrange ments so that any statement made in the House of Commons should also be made in the local Viniiament.' The ATTORNEY- GENERAL considered that t-he dkWjc and Parliament were in posscfirior c.t all the mformation possible iind desirable at the earliest opportunity. AMBLl--rhE RAILWAY STATION. Mr. DIMAS asked the Commissioner of Public Works if he would intimate what fee proposal of the Railways Commissioner respecting the closing of the Ambleside Station before it wa« definitely agreed upon. He unden-rcod Chat Balhannaih was to be made a joint station. If Ambtande were ectosed it wonld be a very serious tiling to the residents of Hahndorf. The COMMISSIONER of PLBLIC WORK? (Hon. .1. G. Jenkins) did not bhitik tfc» Kailwap Comminaoner had come to any decision In the matter. He would !et the hon. member know. BEETAL00 WATER RATES. Mr. MILLER wked the Ooavnwdoner of Public Work*— Pending the introduction and ooosidcration of the amending Water works Bill, was it the intention of the Government to give the relief sought by consumers in the Beetaloo water dixrict by reducing the prnce -o as to enable far mers to keep thrir stock? The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS replied that tbe Department ho|-ed to be. able to reduce the price of water from 3s. to 2s. per thousand gallons a* sor.n us the wnipJy from the River P.rouzhton at Yacka wa^ available, which noul'l 1m- on .fanunry 1, 1900. instrhtion: in wool sorting. The MINISTER of EDUCATION told Mr. Scherk that Mr. Jeffer-' had been ap pointed won]-$orter in connection with the School of Mines, and lie would devote a part of his time :o the classes at the School nf Mines, and a part to forming classes in the country districts. The Government and th? School of Mines would share the ex pense. EXPORT OK LAMBS AND PRODUCE ? DEPOT. The MINISTER of EDUCATION, to Mr. Livingston, said some of the largest ship owners had waited upon him in the matter of the export of lambs from the Produce Defiot at Port Adelaide, and they were en tic ivcuriiifr to get a ship to come round to relieve the depot. By utilizing the whole i-f rhe sonc-c iu the depot— not only the cool stores, but the freezing rooms— tbcv could utorr. aJxmr. 40.000. (Afr. Grainger— 'What about the 3,000 you kept in the trucks?') They t-ould only tr^at 1,500 .iiily; butthey pou!d stow m 'Aie whole of the works some thing like 40,000. and that would mean thab they should have dealt with about 84,000 or -«.000 lambs before the 20ih of next month. TELEPHONE AT OYISGHASL The COMMISSIONER of p'UBLIC WORKS told Mr. Poyntcn that he had re ferred to the Railways Commissioner the question of erecting a telephone at Oving hi!m, hut he bad not yet received a reply. ANGASTON GOLD DISCOVERY. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. L. O'Loughtin), replying to Mr. Scherk, said that noUiing newnad been received concerning the discovery ol gold at Angus ton beyond what had been published. The Warden's report on the subject would ippeat* in tbe newspapers next day. . THE POLICE ENQDIRY. The ATTORNEY-,- .GENERAL informed Mr. Griffith* 'that he had not yet received the report of the Police. Board of Enqm'rv... Mr. SOLOMONjasked how Jonglhe Go i-emment Resident of t3ie Northern. Tern x-ry /was KkcJy to be detained in Sonbh. Aus The TREASURER (Hon. F. W. Holder) && notknow that the'-work of ,tite Govern r^nt Residency would be materially allow sd . to go into ' arrear in consequence of Mr.- Dash wood's stay in Adelaide. because the Government Readeat was in Adelaide giving a considerable amount of time to Territory' inSKefs: .~tMr. ^Dkmion — ITliisStir Chamber butanes* is not a.' Territory'' matter.') He was speaking in: reply to a aoestion, bat if the hon. member 1 knew all about it, there was no need to I ask him. the question. He referred' to ihe, rGoveniment, Resident many rmatt^rs iusta^ if be were in.theJTemtori*, and got his «? plies sooner, than 'if be ?were in the Terri tory. (Mr. Robertei-^Then you' had bet ter keep him here altogether.') There were some disadvantages in his being away from rhe Territory, but he hoped the spe cial duties Mr. Dash wood was engaged in in connection with the South Australian ser vice would be concluded in time to enable him to return by -3ie next steamer. Mr. GRIFFITHS asked when the Pre mier expected to receive the report of tha Commission? The ATTORNEY-GENERAL - I have not informed myself. It is in the depart ment of the Chief Secretary, -1 have no doubt ? Mr. ROBERTS— You are attending to the whole thing. Everything is signed 'by you. You fixed up the whole thing. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL-That is a grotfs slander, and the iion. member knows it. . - - Mr. ROBERTS— I will show you some d& cuments with your signature on them. Mr. GRAINGER— Do vou know anything about the evidence? Have you consulted Mr. Dash wood* The ATTORNEY- GENERAL-Certainly; pot. Mr. Dashwood never consulted me. The suggestion is an insult. \ Mr. GJIAINGEK— I never said so. -? The ATTORNEY-GENERAL-But I do -^to say that honourable gentlemen judi cially engaged in the matter should consult tiie Ministers in tlhe matter ? Mr. GRAINGER-Is it not a Ministerial investigation? ? ? - The ATT0RNEY^3ENERAL-It » not. It is an investigation by men in whom the Parliament and public have the utmost con fidence in a matter of tbe greatest impor-. tance, and in which the Ministry have in terfered not at all. I believe in the na tural order of things the proceedings will end shortly. Mr. ROBERTS-Is H not true that Hit Premier, as Attorney-General of tiie colony' has signed a minute to tbe Commissioner of Police, asking for information in respect to the alleged irregularities in the Police Force? The ATTORNEY-GENERAL-Th« mat ter of the conduct of the police came undet the attention of the Government. Mr. ROBERTS— Have you signed any mi nutes? Tie ATT0RSEY^3ENERAL-I am going to answer this question in my own way. Tiie nutter has received my personal attention,' and I have signed minutes directing tiie attention of officers to matters requiring in vestigation, and, as the result of information received, the matter was considered : by Cabinet. Since then I nave had nothing to do with, it. Mr. ROBERTS— Mr. Speaker, on a point of order I ask you whether you will call upon the Premier to withdraw his incorrect remark to the effect tnat when I said he had signed minutes I had been guilty of ? gross slander. He now replies admitting fully what was in accordance with my- re- mark, stating that he had signed minutes in connection with tbe police enquiry. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL- As a mat ter of fact, I did nothing of the sort;- 1 made no such admission. The suggestion was that I had signed minutes in connec tion with a judicial enquiry. I have done nothing of tiie sort. The thing is under the Board, sot under the Ministry. The SPEAKER— There is no point of order. Mr. ROBERTS— Is it correct that the Premier has personally made enquiries; of various sojicitors in Adelaide respecting their opinions of certain members of the Detective Force? . ' ? The ATTORNEY-GENERAL-No. Mr. GRIFFITHS— Has the Premier any knowledge of the requests which had been made to certain witnesses in connection with the. enquiry, and the inducements held out for them to give- evidence? -Has he any knowledge of- it;- and was it done di rectly or indirectly through his depart: ment? ? - - - The ATTORNEY- GENERALsaid theonlr knowledge he had was that previously com municxted to the House, viz.:— That wit nesses in giving evidence should be held harmless. ? ' ? . ?Mr. ARCHIBALD asked when it was likelv that the report of the Commission would be laid on tiie table? The ATTORNEY-GEXERiAL-So soon as it is received. Mr. BATCHELOR enquired if when the report -was complete and the Commission had finished their labours, they could not be retained to enquim.into.the . troubles at Bundaleer? The ATTORNEY-GENERAL thonght from the fiijareirtions .that had fallen from members, and which. Ministers had heard, that it wss undesirable to further delay the return ot the Government Resident to the Northern Territory. WORK-MEN AT BUNDALEER. Mr. HOUR1GAN asked if the Attorney General would be favourable to referring the ttt/ublcs at Bundaleer to the Concilia tion Board? ? The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said that at the present time he- wa3 not aware of any necessity for so doing. If any com plaints were made which seemed to justify mch a course of action, the Government would consider the matter. They knew of no complaint* as yet. Mr. SOLOMON enquired whether the various qi-fe4ion? put by hon. members as to th* reluctance of men to take work at Bundaker, although wanting work, had noi been sufficient to call tbe attention of the Government to rhe ntvessity of some en quiry into it, and if such enquiry bid been made by either the Attorney-General or the Commissioner of Public Works? Tlic ATTORNEY-GENERAL did not think that charges bad been pre ferred rcqiririrg any action of the character mentioned. If chances ?were to He made against officers let them be made, and if they were of a char acter which required further investigation the Government wonld do whatever they thw thouaht necessary. Mr. Solomon — 'Pure must be something wrong.'- ' ;Mr. Robert.*— 'There have been cases time and again.' And Mr. Hnfchison — 'The men would pet the sack for telling the truth.'*) No man for telline the truth would . get sacked. He had iriven that awnrance be fore, and if anybodv attempted to give a roan the sack for telling teh truth lie would get (he wck Hmsf'f. Mr. HUTCHISON asked if the Attorney General wax aware that when an officer w;-*\red to give a man the sack because he had made a chance a;ain«t some of the offi cers, he did not make that charge the ex cuse fcr nuking the man, but dismissed him on the fir«toT-T»ort!in'ty? ? The ATTORNEYiRFiNEIRiAL w«s not ??iwnre of any cane in ^rhieh tihat fcid been done. If the h^n. n»nb«r wnnld brins any -?*.«? muW Tiotrre of the Government it wouM be -\mH wrfh. SUMMER TRAFFIC TO PORT . ADELAIDE. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS, in replying to Mr. Archibald, said it was not the intention of the- Rail- ways Commissioner to run alternate trains to Port Adelaide as .'express to morten tbe ionrney7 from the city to Semaphore and L»rg3 Bay * during the summer months. The Railways Commissioner did not con sider sjieh increased accommodation was necessary, and h conM not be arranged without either much additional .train mile age or serious interference with interme dnte traffic. ' . . EMPLOYMENT AT BUNDALEER. WATERWORKS. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS informed Mr. Price that 13 men Mere now required at the Bnndaleer Waterworks to complete die whole. of the requisitions. Men ? had been . wanted . dnce October 2. Requisitions for 170 men. re quired for work in connection with tie Bundaleer Waterworks were received dur ing the month of October, all of whom bad been supplied with the exception .of about 13\. Various reasons had been assigned as the cause of the men's refusal to proceed there. The greater number of men stated that sickness in their famines prevented tfliera going so far from bome; others stated Uiat they disliked Bundaleer; a few Riid that there wa* no use going there as they would be discharged. LONDON PRODUCE- DEPOT. The MINISTER, oi EDUCATION, in answer to Mr. Hourigan, said 'in connec tion with the facilities at the London Pro duce Depot for tihe.sale of South Austra lian manufactured leather, tbe Government would communicate wit*i the Agent-Genera] and ask him to report whether the Depot could be conveniently used for tiie purpose named. v BOWDEN RAILWAY STATION. Mr. HOURIGAN asked tiie Oommis sraner of Public Work*— In view of the large and increasing traffic at tiie Bowden railway station, was & the intention of the Gorernment to afford greater facilities for the tr*velKjig pabKc? ?-. ?, ?? The COMMISSIONER of. -PUBLIC WORKS replied thai the Railways Com missioner-reported that there^was no pre? jent ' intention . to give increased. '.faeiOtie* for traffic at Bowdea, nor' did he. think any were needed. .LEAVES OP ABSENCE. ' Mr. LnnXGSTOdTE moved— 'Hut 'a fortnight's lesve of absence. .be granted to the hon. membW for'yictoria, Mr: Jlorris, on account' of orgeiai private' barineM.' Carried. - -.- ; . ?.„.-,,— ?-,--.. iMr: BRQOKER! nu-ved-*-'Th»t .; one week's leave of 'absence be' granted to the 'honr'Wen*er 'for' Yofke's-PeninsTila; ^llr. Shannon, on account of ill- health.' Carried. C^^X^jjOfXA PARKSIDE LUNATIC ASYLUM AND DEEP DRAINAGE rMr CONEYBEER moved-That, in the opinion of this House, it is desirable that the Parkside Lunatic Asylum should be connected with the deep, drainage.' . He had brought the matter before the House on many occasions. A petition had been sent to him, through the Burnside District Council, by the residents, referring to the nuisance in the neighbourhood. The peti tioners, who were residents and ratepayers of the District Council of Burnside, residing at Eastwood, urged the Council to support the motion, and pointed out that the neces sity for having the Parkside Lunatic Asy lum connected with the drainage system had been for some years a local pressing want, that the noisome smells ooming fromi the Asylum had been detrimental to the value of property us well as the heatth of the neighbourhood, and that since the close of last summer they had frequently been compelled to close up all doors and windows to avoid a most offensive smell lasting for hours. They had every confidence that if the Asy lum were connected with the deep drainage the residents of Eastwood would be re lieved of a long-standing grievance. The petition was signed by no less than 230 or 240 ratepayers and householders living close to the Asylum, who had seen their property depreciate in value to an alarming extent. He made no complaint against the management of the institution. As a visitor to it, appointed by the Government, he had taken great interest in it, and could speak with a great amount of respect con cerning the officials, from Dr. Cleland down to the humblest servant. They ought not to be compelled to do the objectionable work which was required of them while the Asylum remained disconnected with the drainage. Members would see the force of his motion if they went into the vicinity on a warm summers day, or if they spoke to the surrounding inhabitants. The Burn side District Council had unanimously pass ed, a resolution supporting his action, and the matter had frequently been brought be fore himself and his colleague. Where was the reason for not connecting the Parkside Asylum? Tbe North-terrace institution was connected, so that there could be no danger to the patients. However poor and humble were the circumstances of people they were compelled to have the deep drainage, and why should the Government not set a good example by seeing to their own institutions? Many people had mov ed out of the district owing to. the smells that came from the Asylum. He had grown tired of bringing the matter before the House, but he would persist in doing so until a sufficient number of members were convinced of the necessity of his pro posal. Nearly 1,000 souls were concerned in the Asylum itself, to say nothing of the residents of the neighbourhood, and he only asked that the Government should do what they demanded of every private individual. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. G. Jenkins) said the sub ject was not a new one. .When the hon. member moved bis motion some time ago he (the speaker) proposed an amendment referring the matter to the Health Officer for the district, by whose decision the Go vernment were perfectly willing to abide. A long report was furnished by Dr. Borth wick, and last year the Government refer red the matter to the Chairman of the Central Board of Health, the late Dr. Whittell, for a report. The following was an extract from that. report:— 'Dr. Borth wick and I visited the Asylum, and made a thorough examination of the buildings and surrounding grounds. I learned from Dr. Borthwick that his opinion was called for owing to some residents at Eastwood complaining of bad smells from the institu tion, and expressing an opinion that some cases of typhoid that had occurred in the neighbourbuod were due to insanitary con ditions at the Asylum. The doctor in formed me that his investigations did not support this opinion . He had been told, that on the occasion of a water-spout flood a. .year or two ago some of- the nightsoil had been, washed out of the trenches in the Asylum ground and carried into Eastwood; but this storm was quite an exceptional one, and had flooded from higher parts of the district the water channels in the Asy lum, and had broken through one of the boundary walls. All sorts of slimy filth were brought down and scattered on the grounds but the trenches in which the nightsoil was deposited were not washed out or flooded. The purport of Dr. Borthwicks report was that the connection of the Asylum with the deep drainage system was not considered necessary.*' Dr. Whittell concluded, his re port as follows: — 'It is evident that for economical reasons it is not desirable that the Asylum be deprived of the agricultural advantages derived from the present mode of disposing of excremental refuse. This, however, would have no consideration, if it were shown that the health of the pa tients, attendants, or of inhabitants of . houses outside the boundaries is endanger ed. After careful examination, I am of opinion that with such a large acreage of land, and with the labour at Dr. Cleland's command, the excrement and waste can be disposed of within the Asylum boundaries without the slightest danger. I, therefore, consider that under present conditions a connection with the deep drainage is nei ther necessary nor advisable.' Dr. Whit tell, in conclusion, attributed the bad smells that had been complained of to the ensil age, which, during some stages of its pre paration, gave off very offensive effluvia. After obtaining Dr. Whittell's report, the Government had the following memoran dum from Dr. Bortbwick, Officer of tie Board of Health, in the District of Burn side:— 'I have read Dr. Whittell's report, and endorse what he has said.' The whole of the residents surrounding the Asylum come within the area of the Burnside dis trict; and, as regards health under the su pervision of Dr Borthwick. Hon. members would, therefore, see that. the Government had not neglected their duty in regard to the Asylum, and that it would be very bad policy of the Government to undertake the proposed work, when there .was no real ne cessity for it. They had a medical resident officer in charge of the institution, and he would immediately report if any thing was wrong. He was well aware that some resi dents in the immediate vicinity had asked for the deep-drainage connection with the Asylum; but he was also well aware that residents opposite to the Asylum had re peatedly said that they had experienced no inconvenience through living there. Mr. Homburg lived near, and he did not com plain. .(Mr^ Coneybeer — Has the hon: member ever objected to the smell there?') He did not know but legal member as he was, he would be one of the first to notice any depreciation in property if there had been such depreciation. {Mr. Coneybeer— 'He is on the wrong side now, but he ob jected before they were removed.') The very safety of the institution rested in the shifting of the trenches. (Mr. Solo mon— 'How deep are the trenches?") Three or four feet and they were well covered, over. Mr Coneybeer— 'When the inspection took place the excrement was oozing out level with the top;') ''The doctor wrote his report immediateiy after the inspection, and he had the doctor visiting with him ought to be capable of expressing an opinion as well, if not better, than inex perienced gentlemen who might have ac companied them. However, as there, was a New Central Board of Health' and a new Chairman, and the Board had been reor ganized under tbe new Health Act he was willing to amend the motion in order to al low of an additional report being obtained. If the Board reported that the work should be done, the Government; would not hesi tate to carry it out. He moved to strike out all the words after the second ''that,'' with the view of inserting an additional report should be obtained from the Cen tral Board of Health in reference to con necting the Parkside Lunatic Asylum. with the deep drainage.' Mr. DARLING said the Asylum contain ed about 800 or 900 souls, and was in close proximity to a very populous neigiibour hood, whose residents had been compelled by Act of Parliament. to connect their. pro- perties with the deep drainage, and had been so connected for a number of years. They had petitioned this House in the mat ter, and many of the residents had come to him personally, and said that the grie vance was exceedingly strong and long standing, and that it was high time it was rectified. Reports from officers were very well in their way, but it was a difficult matter when the excreta from 800 or 900 inmates of the institution was de posited in beds in the position referred to. Hon. members should not a moment longer delay the settlement of the question. The reports asked for were only bogeys to cause delay. The Government asked them to await another report, which might mean postponing the matter for two or three years. In the interests of the inmates of the Asylum, and- of a very populous neigh- bourhood, who were not clamouring unjust ly, he hoped that the matter would be set tled that afternoon, and that hon. members would see their way to grant the very rea- sonable request for which his colleague asked. The question of cultivation and economic uses had nothing to do with the issue. It had been found necessary to con nect other large institutions with the deep drainage, and why leave Parkside Asylum out? If an epidemic occurred in the dis trict he should hold the Government res ponsible for the consequences. The Comm issioner said he had spoken to some of . the residents, who told him that there were no. objectionable smells. If the hon. mem ber passed the institution on the western side on a close summer night with an eas- terly wind he would not say that: if he went along the northern side probably the smell would not be detected. The amend ment of the Commissioner only meant fur ther delay. He moved, with his col- league's consent, to add to the motion 'without delay.' If they did not under- take the work at present they would soon have the summer upon them, and they should remember, too; the risks which would follow heavy floods through the Asy lum grounds. Those possible risks were sufficient warrant for, passing the resolu tion. Mr. CALDWELL moved the adjourn ment of the debate. Negatived. Tne amendment of the Commisioner of Public Works was put— 'That the words 'proposed to be^ struck out stand part of the question.' This was declared negatived. Mr. CONEYBEER, called for a division which resulted as follows:- Ayes, 26.- Messrs. . Archibald, Batchelor Caldwell, Carpenter, Castine, Darling, Dun can, Foster, Giles, Grainger, Griffiths, Hague, Hooper, Hourigan. Hutchison, MacGillivray, McKenzie, McLachlan, Paech. Povnton, Price, Rounsevell; Soherk, Solomon, Wood, and Coneybeer (teller). Noes, 15,-Messrs. Brooker, Butler, Catt, and Cummins, Sir John Downer.and Messrs. Dumas; Glynn, Holder, Kingston. Miller, O'Loughlin, Peake, Playford, von Doussa, and Jenkins, (teller). Majority of 11 for the Ayes. . Mr. Darling's amendment agreed to. Motion as amended carried. JilEMBfcRS'Or' PEUEKAli'AND STATES ?'? ; 5 LEGISLATURES.:' '? '. ?' :. Mr. SOLOMON' nioved^-Tliat, in the opinion of thi* House, the Constikuuon Act enotild be amended in order to provide that -lib member*©! tue rederal Parliament shall at thes;*ia?o time be a member of either House of the local Parliament.' He said the justice of the motion must be no clear to the bulk bfimanbcre'thafit wonUl; re- quire xescy little in ibe way of advocacy to recommend it.- He did cot intend to make a lengthy speech, but simply to put tne position bneuy. in the Commonwealth Bill it was' provided tnat' no member of one House in the Federal Parliament should bo a member of the other House at the Fede ral I'ariuunent,- and, having made that re striction, tue Convention taw ht to leave liie other quetkion wnetbtr any uiember of the local rarliainentt, or any Minister o the (Jrowi of liic local Pariitmeiite, sbodd also be u. lueinber of tue iederal l'arliaaieni entirely as an open question to be dealt with by the States. Ihe Act of 1891 con Taiued' a provision prohibiting it, but it was not included in the Cooimouweaitb. BUI aa oue ot .^.disabilities. (Ihe Treaburer— 'apecial exemption was made in favour of the -Ministers ot tiie Crown.') At the but session 'of the Convention in Melbourne; at the instance of Sir John Forrest, Luc pro vision m Uie Bill that those who were in receipt of payment, lrom oitioes of profit un dtr tbe Crown were not cajwile of beiog eleotcu to ?the federal-. Parliament wa- struck out. - 'Ihe position Sir Joan Forrest took was perleciiy citur. He thought that if a louu raruameUt Uuougnt that members of that Pariiaiuent or ineinbers of that Mini»iry- vuo were iu receipt ot payment, w«re the best men1' to rt-pi-esent chat Suie in ube Federal Pariiamcnt the State rhcutd have tiie ngitt to say so. \\\ tteu the auieudiuent vnu carried there was no oar in the way oi members ot a State Parliament, or even .Ministers of a State, iioldjua seats m tho Federal Purlia mem. That was to bay chat the Cbmmon wesuth Bui provided that each State should have the right to say whether the members of its IieK- siaiure ahould also -become iiwju bers of tbe Federal Parliament. . Tbe posi tion should not be tolerated ;.b; the local Parliaments. - It would be admitted that even though they had some excellent men in the House and on the Treasury Benches, it would not be for the best interest* of tie colony that the men should duplicate their position*, and. have to serve the State-on the one' haurtl and Federated Australia on the other: .He 'would not dcul with-'tite question of their drawing double pay,' but the . probability was 'that' during certain months 'of the year both the Federal Par liament and the local Parliament would be engaged in their most important functions of legislation. .Jt seemed- to him. that it would be very tliini-ulc for a man to serve Uyo* masters, and while taking his proper oatuml interest m the district work in the Tooal Legislature, be also devoting' his time to tie best interests not, only .of South Aus trahV-but tbe whole of Australia. (Hon. T. Playforf^^t should be in ittei Consti tution '-.i£;'it Ts so undesirable.') ' No; 'tic-. can#e- - it - wa* one of -those- things which' should properly be nettled -by each Suite. It- :!id ndt matter to South Australia what Tasr- nidiiia. for iiMtancc, .did.. Thorc .w;ia.ra clause which provided' Aa^ilinisjters could be raeml-ers of the- 'Federal 'VarlUme^t. .(The Treasurer r-'-'-'it- he -could -e in-.two places . at ? once.') If ? that -*ir the -best answer the Treasurer b» to. - ? the ?? motion' ? ? »t--' -would ' not' require a Ions' speech on the subject. Unless there wsis'some more cogent reason to be give«r than -that v- advanced by the Treasurer there would be no occasion foir hua to continue his argument., . Speaking upon thtf. xiuestion of dual repreienUtipn, Sir Joint 'Forrest,: a* would- be-:seea by re ference to the Federal Convention 'Han- sard,' p. I,WI, put it- that 'if any State thought it was in its best'iutereate to send to the Federal Parliament as one of its representatives .eome man ^ who was head aiid shoulders abbye all'ite. other represen tatives as a politician, even though hia du ties were thiw Somewhat divided, it should haA-e the power to'-do'so. 'Sir 'John's re marks were endoised'by every member of a Government, and every prospective mem ber of ah' Administration. Every man who expected to be a member of » colonial Ministry^ even in the tnosi remote futiire. thought it a pity that a Minister' shouh have to resign his portfolio 'for the take of getting rato the Federal Parliament: Tijey all agreed that it would be a pity that any man should have. to give up. £1,000 a year in. ordarjto-'get £400,a;year; ' -The sugges tion -by Sir. John 'Forrest so toudiedthe tenderest points of some of the leading politicians at -the Convention that the whole thing was passed without a division. (The-..;. Attorney-General'— -WTiere; -were you'r') ' He did not' 'see the necessity 'of the Federal Constitution1 making any pro vision against dual representation; and quite agreed 'that it would be. rather- hard for a man to have to resign his portfolio in a State Ministry before he could even be eligible for the Federal- Parliament. But that was. essentially a .question , for .. the States -themselves to decide.'' * It' ..was'' un- doubtedly to' the interests alike of the Par liament and people of any: colony that they should be represented in -the Federal Legis lature by their best men; but it was not to the bestjoterests of ajiy colony that any member of jihe Kede'hu l1aruament ih'ouk at tbV same' time be a' Stale Ministerp an'd simultaneously, draw two' salaries ? He-put the position withouC'thel'sligutest ill-feeling towards any .oi .the present occupants of the Treasury Benches. He hoped to see some of .the leaders of tiiat Houae,. gentle men who now occupied seat* oo tie Minis 'teria.1 benches, representing South Australia in the first . : Federal Parliament, but he claimed . it was .undesirable (tliat they should simultaneously ' hold 'olfice as. Ministers-ami -in -the State Parliament. Tflon. Thomo* Playford— '?Certainly; not as Ministers.') It would bea grave pity in detdif-meh were «£ the- -*une time mem bers of tiie Local Parliament and '.member* of the Federal Parliament. ' What did every', candidate for the Federal Convention^ pro mise f That, when tLe most important functions of governmtnt bmd been removed from the control of the local Parliaments and placed in the liands of the Federal Parliament, the cost of State Lepsktures would be materially dimininced. How that reduction was to oe affected was not hu bibrnesB to determine, but if duplication of bilteU -was to be-permitted- oertamly. -,£b»t did noi: appear on alt-fours with ; the .pro posal to out - down' tiie expenditure - locally. (Mr. Archibald— 'The deietatesjlcdus to believe that the local Parliament* would be rubbed out.') Nothing of tbe sort. Tt.e delegate* iad merely reprwenied that tbemg^i '? udder -,'fedeia^ion a- considerable contribution 'would be exacted from 'tiie States towards defraying tiie cost of the Federal Parliament, there would, on. the other hand, be' a savin? of soine. thousands of pounds eff«*ed by the reduction of the local Parliaments, and that further sav ings would be made- by consolidation &f;, their bonded debt*. ' The Hon. Thomas Flayfotd— 'All these points have notlimj to d.i with your question.') it rod a verv gnat deal -to do with tic u-jest»n wbetinr, tte Treasurer was going feojendca vuur -io stick to ' bts Ministerial - position here and at the same time hold * seat in tiie Federal Pariamenit. (The Treasurer— 'I csnJ|ateure'you'I do; not.')-. If^tbeTrea* surer, for esaflrpje, -did, remain, 'member for the Burn District kudHre local 'Legi^v tore.ivav reduced by one4ialf he certjuriy oudi: not to do so, because he wo-i'd be lolding a position that aboold .rightfy be lonc tc some local man.* (Mr. -Peake— '\VcuW you not aHow bis district tc Jeol iviUi that?') No; n vu a question for the irhoie colony to settM^ Tkex*/w*d a tnqtiit on ihe busineas paper. re»tm# to that.«i4j terj and lie ire* therefore unable, idmtbn discuss it. The whole. poaition w»!*i(e| &er-; tbe beat imtere»to -.o/ytfae ; ottK would'- be saved by peiiuittnqr nesiEenf »f Ui-j South Anatralian.Pjriutment.to M risd ?jemhen ofirtW^dfeml^lPar&mentr-; $+»* an jnwortan^ qjMition, and was ^, wtcom* ofTSe Federal onion. It was tS ilrat should have been .taken tnhand by-tie' ?re*e«t ^overmnent, 'and -which 'has been' lyoided, as they bad avoided every quea tipn of impcttMutf'ia.coiineoCiciriiith ifae alteration)! of the Constitution, whueh mut be the outcome of the Federal union. They \ve^-fidw~A^e~Degmmng' of XovemBerr and they had not huLfroui.the- Govenunent one single word as ttfWMiaJifier'm which tne--jwere gohigto- carry out their pledges mregard \o; ihe'Sdii4i^pf |oe lOsVof itft] local Eegislature*'' |The Treasurer— '^\Ve propose to appoint alCbmmittee'tb consider the question. o^ow$--£jp^S c^rHed,'o)it.''i-! Before -the Committee could give its opinion to the House those niiembers of the Minis try whow duty.it wts'-to deal with the question would hu-ewuM their hands of it altogether, and left those most important poinU to. be dealt with bjvthose whom they mi behind.- The whole position wad such as, to demand tie,.- 'attention ol the Goremmettt. ? It was. gross cowardice on their part not to touch it. (Mr. (Jlynn— ''Why should they suggest a tHing they do hot beKevem?.'). . He did -not' believe they believed in, half tie. things they said dur ing their Federal campaign. If they did .they would bring the matter forward rather than have the timewaitors witli which they were fooling to carry them on to Christmas. In duty to their constituents it was time some member drew, .attention to it. (Mr. Milkr— 'Whose duty is it*') The Go vernment'i*. (Mr. MiIler-^-'N6; the Leader of the Opposition's.'.') Even when he did, he^ was very doubtful of getting the hou. member's support.. It should be done be fore the Federal elections. Undoubtedly it wus the duty of- tiie two members who were prominent throughout the proceedings in connection with the Federal Bill to deal with it. . (The Treasurer— '-Just a* wen after the elecU-oDs-' as' before.')/ -It Svis just as Jwell it uhould be done- before certain members Ment away. '?? (The Treasurer— 'There are others who' can do it.'). No cupving the Treasury benches avoiding the pledges they made reifi the pktforni,-- which had a good^deol ot .»|peni«.;hi Jb^t^uig the carrying of ihe Bill In. the way' it was car ried. Hue motion would'recommebd itself to.hon.- memberK, -.-It was very, convenient, no doubL'to'dra*' doable Mlaries^ and oc cupy double position*, but. it was- not to the interest* of the colony that it should be so. Seeing the condition of the Notice-paper and the difficulty- of ''getting' an opportunity of carrying it, he asked 'tnat it should be taken on a Government day, and that it should-be ittken on the- lollowiDg .day .or, at'an*early-date, Mcause it ni more ini por'aht'thlnMialf'thf Ihings on'rhe paper. ?It was tiie-first 6°t«p in connection with -the aherationa under federatjoo. -r (The.Trea surer— 'Suppose there is a delay in federa tion?'! i(e .lid no{ intend to consider any thing 'bjotJtJie^mDo)r^n'c- ^fthc question he 'was' dealing with and the fact-that in a fesw weeks' time ihe Governor would oome down and send them abont tiieir business with tbe bulk of the-Kotacerpaper as it was at the present time. (Mr. Peake — 'How do you propose to get tbe Council to adopt this?') He had excellent means of know int; thrt there woujd' be little difficulty in adopting the measure if brought down pro perly in the Legitjatire Council, lie aske. H» Premier to jnve him an opportunity of taking the matter on the following day. JThe .Attorney-G«neraV-'Nor- 1 ivxm't do ftj'l 'When the time' for the adjournment came round he would ask that it nhould be put down on the Notioe-naper for the fol lowing day to give him the. opportunity of bringing it to .1 definite issue.- ? The . ArJX?R^inr-GE5JE1R.lL, dealiug with tne bst observation of tine hon. mim ber as regarded the time when the matter was to be discussed, eaid-.he, understood him to say that be' was going to put it on the Notice-paper to take piecedence of Govern ment business.. 'The Government would be no party to that, and if it was brought about they would take the consequences. I*t there bo no misunderstandinz about that The hon. member had devoted a good deal -oi attention to matters which' were altogether .beside the, question. The prin einlfc byolved;.in'fUi^-'rcfolution:was -one 0Q which' a 'difference of opinion existed in ayerv a*emWy .which bad been called u|K-n to discuss matters of that. sort. ' He wns pleawd to kno»; .tbat-in -introdncing the subject to the Home the-noo. member bad dikplayed nuyiy, pe'n-drial'apnlieations: in re spect to his proportion, /and -£lsp' thiit ibe illnitnitibn which lie. ba'd .adopted for the puriiose. joi gi\ins- -effect, to. hiu remarks re; ferririg to flie nowible attitude of the Trca-. surer hid^cnoilcdrlhc JjeMurcC-to, alto getber J^^au^ aM^tStJfii^Oiil,, cEa racter'imputmi Nj.iiim... iMf. C9plcs*— He ha*! altered.. ^^is'iinind.'.). If. ,the lion, member Voul4; .alter his mind ll-{ wouid..: te -?? wry. branch- better, to? the utter annihilation of principles whijuh he originally- supported m another bcancn of- the * l^sistat-uie,* (Mr. JDarlinc — 'Tou have aJfttv*j-6uf7bMwi»jven; %f tett;')' vF6r J?he^ilelter.*T(Hon! 'W.'J B. Houn«vell-r-;wCan't ..you 'get above, tu iUoque? 'Youtre like 'o sdioolboy «iying Tfou're anqlher!'*) When tiie lion. m.em ber;kept'to English he managed to get 'on ¥*ry well, j- but' lie r.jrould never- succeed vfrh ttie'flaiac«.'MrriSolomon had dealt at great length witih Jb&v; question of ceo horti) ,? tut as a matter or fnct' Hi is had no Vljlne to do .with Jtr' If they carried the resoijrtiOn'^h^y wfftljd lose !«n: opportunity for ; cwhoiny ' which they might oUtcrwi.se pegieM. If they permitted a '.member of the Fedtanl'I'arKaroeht to sit-in the local AsEtuilJy it Avao-posfiiblc to declare that he rfhouR' not draw. two. rtlaries, and 'that ?rhi'e nc was in receipt of his federal 'sal ary; his salaVy-'in^i-cjfpGcfr'obhis provincial k£ic Ebcuid be retained and paid into ihe Trenjarrj-.. . (Mr. Butgoyhe;-''That woiild require an amendment of ..the Constitu Uoa.''i It would require, .an amendment nf the . ,-1,'aynuitti. of Members Act, not oP-.; t^c' i If'on^at^twh'.':,-. .;But.C.-!J diey . aimed '.khi* resolution '-'tJiey.* could not even n.ake the polity ' savftg of Vhe character he 'had referred to; The resolu Hou was aimed against 'ihe sotting of nwm bers ia'botb Parliaments, the Ffdcral and the -late. The proportion. waj that by m ?ractiuent of tie -local Legislature '.he; »1umiI(1 take away from -the Aa*embl.v oa luoay. ocdiyrns aad from the people of tbe eonniry'oV-btlher'bocaidons ah opportunity -t -?eci(iuig the'questaon from lime to time » ;i aro-e jcxt,** they.&oucht; lit. It was JI.pcf-ecTto the whole trend 'of modem Lbought. which 'was to increase tb«'powi«r -f . the people. Talk about .your referenda! rt'hat were thev forT They were for th-e [,uipcse of enabling Cjie people, to decide ratttrt -thcin»ely.w.![JA^ n-Kurded'-thc- ques- tiou of-tlie ekouo'iL'of nnimbers of ?ithcf lut Ftderal prthe'lbcal Parliament at pre sent, the greatest power wait possessed by Jie j.««:nk^wi«eou)d, decide. it -on .the liiv-s -f- tu-- 'resduiion'' of' oh any- other -:'iiw» hey th(Bght:Jit as i^. arose. -Paiw the -v- ?olution apd^'tliey would -take the power Lway' from tli?m— (Mr. Burgoync— 'To rrti\e a monopoJyi*')'€'oulHi(he.v not trurt ie ut rleJt .tMt., B$tchelorrr'Why *o-'Jd tou La r. a fcloa ?tCan'tt-ou .trust the -people rbcw*:' .m,wa»; Inclined 16. think ih.tt i sbmpanian **subuldl-'not'- ,be°''ntade'' be tween, \\_mcmhen» of ? ''the ? : Federal Par iaaaent and ^ckm*, ''although' felons bracketed for tie purpose of msquaJi ualion from Pariiainent.- However. . that ri-i &t;'.-£be §Uc^taoit. f The d^fciition.^was ^eiher'ihey^creJiw^p.taKf'away'from ihe. people' «f South / A\n«tralia - and ( ' Uie. loiix oi AitcmMytne^ power ?Oujy'uiio'oub- cdly ].cfses.-«ed of TegulaJSng thi* nuiler ia i aioso from, time lo. tune. .. (Mr. .Gilbert— Why Aould a meinbef 'of di6v-VsS«jinbfy iot rtt: a*. a-member-pfrttieiCoiiiiioif at tlic same' 'tiwefO A goW many dunces 'fur ie better might bc'madt!. if'tttiat Were the jroctice, 'anil aiil The hon.1 niftriiber '?' kwow ihat 'n'lbin-the four- eorners of the Couaii xtkn there was no provitiiou to »reve:it *»t. (Mr. OUbert-r3Ne-.vl: did not.') A'dl, sich was £be case. There was not a iiii: or a letter which declared in so many rords. ju« it .wa*-. ...declared -in lie Federal CWtatutioo, ' tiiat meni Mntiip - of . -.-one - local Houk Ikquaiificd a person from membership oi he other at the same time. A* regard-*J a federal Minister sitting in a local Hou-*. le did not think it was a wise thing that inything of the sort should take place, i: ns impossible under our existing Cousli ;ution, because Uwre was h p/vn'swn n ' oar Constitution Act winch leckred titat ' Ahe holding of an ?nice of profit under the Crown, ex ept as regarded .Mihisten of the province, lisqualificd for membership in the Io-mI ?arlkmeut, and ,Uiat . would undoubtedly ipply to disqualify Federal Minitnei* fur eats in the local Parliament. (Mr. Car «nter— ''Are you quite sure of it?') Yes. ['here was no room for doubt Therefore he resolution was not wanted for the pur -ose of dMoualifying' Federal Ministers from itting in tne local Paruament. As to whe hcr a State Minister should have the right o sit in the Federal Parliament, he was oclined to think that it would be impoi ible for a State Minister, in view of h'u mihafarions' duties, to satisfactorily isehorge them, 7and.M at . . die sune une to do -hm*xdihy' as' ^a member f : .^Sie , Federal Parliament. He ould .not con-templale tihe posibilily of ny thing of the sort. lie put it to mem ers— who had got ti'e right ami power U- ecide, ss'.to whether a State. Minister iould sit.m the,Federal Paruament.. 31cm en themaelve^h?^ maiority.-of-tjieml .They rould decide' it by 'the 'expression 'of ' the reath of their opinions What was wanted neartn tiif nsolutisy? -To lake swtsrifrqm iat-f ois* $4 nMeseifal^tfijttapcV le,- the power of.dealmg with the question wo i time'to Jime , as' thqOW-U(jht ^t, and \- tie ,the,han'ds of the1 House, and those ho mhm affjr Ikarn fn- all .tint. . Hc.djd s/ believe -tte' 'H&S; would tolerate^t! Hr. Bprgoyne^-3R^96«.Vay&»nilSes to repr Act and provision we pass.') No n'ng.of ' th« sort By rirttie bf,(ie Consti ition;,the 'Assembly, the representatives of » people m the popular House,' could ay bow the Ministry en bloc or in detail should be constituted, and to give that po^ef away, to UVTineir hanarfor allTinler'' ira» a great mistake. . As regarded a Fede ral Miuiirtcr sittiug in' tie local Parliament it waji impoy.-uble m a matter of constilu- - tiobal'l.-iW. As regarded State Minister! sit ting in the Federal Parliament,- it was not conteini.latcd tint the two positions should | be. hcVl a f the «jne time (Mr. Solomon— I 'The Treasurer said so distinctly.' Mr. I Miller— 'TJiat in what I understood.' Aa hon. member— 'Undoubtedly he said to.' I The Treasurer — 'I said nothing of th* ! sort., ) The Treasurer was not responsible for inferences members drew from 'Han- i tsard.' As regarded State Ministers Kitting | in the Federal Parliament, they in the As sembly had the |»wer of deciding the mat ter from time to time, just as they liked. (Mr; Solomon— 'Let's decide it now.') For all time? They would have to put an Act on the Statute-book relating to the Con stitution, and the-* had had experience of bow difficult it was to alter tJieConstitution Mhen once a provision had beeu affirmed. Regarding. tbe question of disqualification for a cominon membership of Federal uad local Parliament.', independent of Ministe rial office.- he would put the ponition. Ju^t as he htid »iid to thai llouue — ''WTiy lie their h.int!«'— there was no Act, ?ind -liey had ih» power, and could exercise it if tiiey .wished — so in thw matter why tie Uic' lidnds «f l:he people? If the people did not want inemoers to sit they would not ticct tJKm, and if they did want meni. . bers lo sit in both Houses then they had the rijrfil to eject than. (Mr. Miller— 'If .they could dischante the duties.'') And was that net a question of the cons! it units? (Mr. Grntngcr— 'Not altoRuther. Why dees he ask leave of alh«encc; the House has to grxut leave/') Tbe power which, wa*' vrrtwl in 1-hc rcniaindvr of t.he Par liamctrt to refuse leave of iibiencc would oomiiel attention to Ac biltriness of Fede ral or Provincial House*, wich as would bo essential to tfiie K«od of cither. \Vhtit right had they to awnne that they were the people, and that wisdom would die with them? The people in 4iris matter would act for themselves. It was . highly desirable that they *honkl htire ihe opportunity to exenise an unlimited dboioe in this re S|«tt, and although he recognised the force ojf the -contention that there micht be a. difficulty in discharging the double duty, ht. did not think that that duty was so patent and deplorable that they should 'em body in the four comers of an Act a de claration that no man should at any tirao or in any circumstances sit in both Houses. That was not a question on which he liad devoted some little atten tion for the first time. In the Common wealth. Bill of 1891 there was a declaration, that membership of t9ie' State Parliament should disqualify for election of tbe Fede ral Parliament, and in a small paper ?wiha-4» he contributed to tiie 'Review of Reviews? in February- 1896, on tiie subject of 'Tha 1)emocrntic Element in Australian Federa tion,' he ventured to express himself as follow*, and jf ho read what he then wrote probably hon. members would come to tho i-oncliiivion thai his opinion ou tiie subject had the advantage of being formed free from any warmth which might be engen dered fnrni - the present debate. He ha. I Ihrn nproftird bhneclf thus: — 'There arc other p jints in connection with this Consli litrinu of the Federal Parliament to which I should have hked to have directed attention. In particular, 1 eould have wished to have dwelt on die inexpediency of denving provincial legislators seats in the Federal Parlinmcnt Possibly ex|*ri cuce may -diow that a dual membership nrnnol he convenuefftly held, but tbtti i- a quitftion which may well be left to the candidate and the constituency-. This Oegraduliivn of the local Parliaments which to sorqe extent must result from federa tion need not be emphasized by an express declaration that the membership of one constitutes a disqualification for the other. The harmonious working of both might po» eilily It- |x-oinated by a common member ship. If we reflect that on the lines of the Commonwealth Bill ISO members will be required to give their services in. the Federal Parliament, and in most .«*e.s at ii distance from their homes, suffi cient difficulty will be encountered in secur ing suitable iuwi without disqualifying all members of the local Parliament. There is some 'similarity in th« rdorious between tte Federal and Provincial Lognrlalurc.* aiid between local ParUaineuts and minor local bodies, such aa Municipal Corpora tions and District Councils. It frequently hni»i-e!is that Municipal and District (oun cillors. are alvo members of the local Par liament,, and so valuable are their services in both . cu|iacitics that no sufMCfetion of preventing the common membership would be tolerated lor an instant. Why, then, should, such a. provision be made in the laifrer iqihcm of federal usefulness?' 'llie debiite was interrupted, by. the Order* of the Day. Subsequently, at 11.5 p.m., the ATTOKXKY-GimERAL utked leave ' to continue his remarks. ? . - ? Tlic SPEAKEK— Is it tiie pleasure of the Hou-« that the Hon. the Attoroey-General should have leave to continue his remark*? ?' Some hon. memherB— No. . . Mr. MILLKR-Can't we divide? Tlic SPEAKER— No. Leave must be unanimous. ? Tlic ATTOILVEy-GENERAL »id tho matU-r was of Home little importance, aad it liad only been moved that day. He had adilnvtscd tamseH to it with care, and he ?iiAil n i-ousiderable amount to say on the Mibject. which he proposed to bring under flic' notice of members. He was suro that a-» leader of the House, without any notice .bavins; been given to him, and seeing that some meni bers had gone home, leave would not' b? ilriiicd to him tocontinueliismnarks. It woni'l Ih- altogether unfair, and He could net believe that the House ^ seriously desired such a position. (Mr. Solomon — 'You can finifh your remarks.') No; ho could not. in justice to himself or the House during the time at his disposal at that late hour. If he could not obtain leave to continue his remark* he would h.ivc ' to .a*k a Minister to move the a/1 joiirnuicnt of the dehatc. The SPBAKER-Is it the pleasure of the Hoiim! that the lion, thu AUorney-Ueneral should have leave? Smiie hon. memhcns^-No. f)« ihe motion of the 'JitEASURBB the (Iciiitc w-u adjourned until Thursday, No vember 2. TOTALIZATOR BILL. Adjourned debate on Ncond reading. / Mr. GILBERT naid hon. member* prctt/ well knew his opinion on the totalizator and gambling, lie thought, after all tha discussion they had had in Parliament, and considering that they had allowed certain liucins Clubs to have the tuc of the totali znlor. 1h«-y had done with the question for a lone time; hut it appeared that some hon. iiienincr* were very anxious to extend to« use of the totalizator. As a member of Parliament, after the totalizator was fust Kturlctl, and before the restrictions that thev had to-day were mode, he knew that in. his and other districts many clubs were tanned, und a member found himself in idirfuvoiir if lie did not put his hand m Iris iHM-kct and encourage this racing spirit. . But it wa« happily arranged that they should confine the operation of the Act to a certain number of clubs, and he thought that xettk'd tiie matter for »me time. 1 hey bud extended the totalizator far tuoiich, and he trusted lion, memhent - uoiild not vote for ihe extension under the Itill. It would be very easy to get pcti lion» willi 300 ttignalures. While he would not interfere— at any rate, for the present— w itli the TotalizaXor Act, be would be found voting again*t this Bill. Mr. WOOD would strenuously oppose the nifamre. If it were powsiblc to move an amendment to abolish the totalizator altogether l.e rrould do po. He could not see why the Parliament, desiring tbe spread nf the 4-est moral influences, could snp« port tbe extension of the machine, which did so much to demoralize the community. The Rev. JoprpJi Berry had pointed out that co l-Mig as the. State condemned lotteries it wa» iucansutent to legalize the totaliza tor. He took the wmc stand. Tiie Racing Club* iftKiied a ticket for the elections, sup porting those member* Ybo would vote for (lie totalizator, which was the cause of more immorality than anything else. It was de grading for Parliament to pa«n such a kw. Mr. lUlAlNTrEK aoked if tlic hon. mem h-r yas in order in denouncing a measure bo did not (impose to amend. The SPEAKER— What the hon. mem ber says w not out of order. Mr. WOOD said it was degrading to any Parliament to legalize a machine which ten tied to' increate immorality; If gambling ivas right, let them have- totalizators in all l-!.ie«;. They put little boys in gaol for playing pitch and torn, but they allowed ?eoplc ro put their money on Hie totaliza tor. The injustice of the totalizator was rhown in the fact that a certain amount uul to he put on, «nd from the fact that if leoplc iu vented half-et-crown on one side of he fence they were rogues and vagabonds, mt on Ac other side of the fence gambling ras perfectly legitimate.^ 7^e Register' of lanuary. 1^, .1899. contained an article -witii he , hCHding— 'Where tho Money Goes, or* a few's TotMisator's Investment*.1' -In tb«t irtide it was stated timt during 1898 the uni of £368.1.W 15s. passed through ihe nkohine in South' Australia— more than CSJMM per week, of which £2l,t3S was re isticrad at Che Onbnrinf& Race MeaUng n a sin^e day. Who got that money? Mr- von Doua»~'It is spent on tha ouraea.') He' admitted ' that some of tbe oojie^ was spept oa- tfce courses, and pretty aces they -were, Dat the pitjr wu that hey could not hare noes without gamJw mg. If die iotaliaator was right, every ono bomd have ihe right Aa gamble. 'Tha Act,' laid the Rev. J. l'«rry, ''allows the dub that runs the -ho;v to 'retain IS per tent. o£ the money invested, and it u (he custom to devou; the trae- tious t^ciujilic^sio thai then.* was £'JU,lll Jj3. to bo dnide-d among the ditlcreui i-v.in;; inaii'.uuous dur ing toe year. It will be «xu thai tiie totali zator paid to lauisg e-iubo no k-» a -''' than 13S7 j'cr week, lor tacii 01 the fifty tuo wteks oi lslR-.' Tiio art union in con nection wiiii tiic Charity Larmvol and the J^gux-iioura Union wore prohibited, bur why should tie u»t;ii;iUor lw allowed, and not the art unions? ('I'M Attorney- liberal— ?'One i» LwiuL') lie thought it was unlawiui. lizv. J. terry quoted a itw oi tliu uttcruuecs of puUi-c mtn ou lu.s i|ULi..un. iur Jolia Downe* had said: — ''li:c jicupie wuo sap port the tou.il/uujr did :u-i iiu sj m moral grounds. Ihry wore tiw rf|.rt.-ciiia:iy«a ot racing, and wit4u.nI to le'mii u:e tu^iiizator us a incaiLi -»:' iirui^.i.^ nu;!uy ;uu- Use l«ockcts ui tiio.-e rueiu^ ciuiis, uni tiicir mo rality was simply a iiuult oi iiuiuui?, shil ling, and pence. ' The Treasurer had .slid: : —'lie aid not be-siu:c io *.t/ ibat die ' fourcc ot the dcvelu^iiiciik ot Uio gambling spirit, was the louiuaior.' JLr. lii.bcrt liui said: — 'ic was [rue Uiat the big book makers hid decreased, but, wLcie liicre hod been one big Itoukuiiikei* a lev ;. cjr» t£o tat? hid twenty small otiiy now.' Tae Hon. *i. Tomkiaion ''toil the Uittaiutor ! had been the cuiso ml our having lar too tinny rave ni«rt«~£s. He had origintulv advocate! luc in xroducnou ci ilio uc-liacor, bu: iie regretted the numticr of race tuyutings now : hcid throughout the colony.' lite lion. J. H. Howe, who lio-vnbtd niciac-ii ;ts 'a, pa tron oi the tun/' .lad =aiJ:— 'He hail visit ed nearly evtvy race nicetiug siiux the ma-j ahinc had been Used, ucj, a:tor a c!om ob servation, he had coine io the conclusion ?-hit. while it was in oifer.itiu.i tlh.ve had ! been two bookmakers whero i-reviuusly I there had been one.'' .Mr. Cvp'ey iwl eaid: j — 'There are now thoita^iv vi |«.-oj»'i: whn ! pu; nioney on the uitaliz.it.n- w!--- would ) no: haro betted wiili bc-.»crr--her-.'. Ike1 statement that the tov.iuator liad l«-cncd! the number of bookmakers vva? ic-n.^mry to fac:.' Mr. Kobern j.ut it:— ''Jlic totali zator vras the chief at:r.n-:i*-n - f nil nee meeting. It sot the example anil bred the tp;rit of gambling. He wouM vo:e for sup pression c: thit great evil; its sensational dividends brought irc^b supplies of people into the gaming world.' W!i-re v.-jl* the jti*. cice -of punisains the Chinese forplayingiaa tan ?nhilrt lfpilizuij; g.unblin? in another form? Were they to puni^i childr^a for doing trhat rheir parent- did o;icji1v? fMr. Grainjjer— 'Supposins you smcJko.' ) Then his child would hare a ri?lu to *moke. He Always told hU children chat if they beard him make n-e of bad hn.Tiaic they inii?ht do likewiw; also that if he gat drank they ?were .at liberty to foUotr bi.-- example. Ite did so bce.ia.-5e be w their pattern, their example, and wa? responsible for their moral training. 'The Kein*tcr' in an article on 'The Gambling Mania,' published on October 1, 1507, well siid:— 'The point to be borne in mind is iliat Par liament, by legalizing ths tota!i/.a;or, creat ed amonji the' youth of tbe volouy an im pression that the State countenanced gaiob unp.' Tlie Utc lamented Dr. Campbell, who was so clear in judjrfii^r.t and w calm in utterance, well said: — ^''lle wts absolutc jy opposed to the Ictralization r.f gnntblini; in any shape or form. bix-rjK' he believed that in dniog .-o they threw a mantle of rtspectiibility over it, and t!iey should oot do anything which might offer a tempta tion to those who iCi-rc not of sufficiently irutnre rears to see the moral bcrtrini; of the question.' 3Ir. \Vood, M.I'., knows th- vorkinz classes. His Lngua^e is stronger thnn Dr. Campbell'?, but not stroncer, ire beiievc, than the f?.ots warrant. He had said:— ''The total'7ator was demoralizing the rising eenetat'on. It ivas the worst in fernal machine that wa.« ever invented. He wu» persuaded tb.it there- was more ehild c^mblini; in South Australia to-day than ever rhere had been before the totAlizntor i^as introdnned.' He was still of that opinion. The fact that Parliament had legalized the totalizator h.id ciirtctly en couraged youthful pimblii'vr.- anil for tb.at reason he opposed the Kill, lie intended taking an earlv opportuuitr of a,ttcai{-ting to repeal the Totalizator Act. The second tvadir.2 was tkclarcd EPjra tjved. Mr. CRAINttEK t-aliu.1 for a divi sion. Thi3 resulted as follows:— Ayes, 11. — Messrs. Uurmjyne. Foster, Hombuiv. Kiapton, ^r:-Kenzi-'. O'Lough lin, Pacth. Robert^ Sci:cik, Tucker, and Grainser Itelkr). Xoes, 31.— Mew?. Archibald, Batchrlor, Tirooker. liinler. Carpenter, Castine, Oatt, Coneybeer, Copley, (.'wiuain-, 1-u:ul-«. i)ua can. Gild, (Jlynn, Hrtpji*. llnlder, Ho--i-er, llourisan. Jenkins. MacG:Ib'vray, McDo nald, lIcLntlilan. ililler, Peake, Piayford. Price. Rounsevetl, Solomon, von Docasa, Wood, and Gilbei t (teller). Majoritv of 2i) for the Xc-e«. Pair.— Are— Mr. Poyctoa. No— 3Ir. Wian. Ti on. LDUCATIOXAL SVSTEM^ LOYAL COMMISSION. Mr. GILES movtd — 'lliat an address uv presented io Hia ExecHency the Governor pi.i.vLn^ His Kxc-cllcncy iu up|-oiut a Com iuk-icn to en«iuirc ic:o the woridn^ of the oJiK-utioruil sysKin and its eiictt oa tht chiiJrtn uudtr it.' He had been twitted by zhe MiuUter of Eduectioti wi°Ji imrii)£ it as an annual do*e tor clctiiooicrin^ yur j-ots. The ci? did not rit. it v.vula bo far better for the i'ir.Lfter not to attribute motires to ary member. He ithe sjiexker) bad always entertained iiroa^ itiliu^s on The educational vy^tem, but .-troK^Iy us n» fe!t be did sot w&h; to bore the ilou- rc, -uid if he thought his mot-ion had nut a i-haccc of being carried he irould r.ot move it. It ns a most difficult thics for a Drivaie member to carry a motion in one tt-ision. There *aa a (jreat diuei-enw of coinlon «bont the edncatioml system oi fccul'.i Aus tralia. Some people thougli't it was perfect, ?while otherj chought it could be greatly improved apon. It would be a tfreat im proveinent^if jottice were done to those .wbo did not 'iunk- it was perfect. Neiirly every religious body uad niked for altera tions, and the strongest opponent to pri ?T&t;* schools— flie Ber. J. C. Kirby— taid .he was not satisfied with tfce system as it stood. He bad little sympathy' Arkli Chris tians who were «o i^rro\r as to think tLit because eome other Cuart3i would sei a .little baieut they would not go for the alteration- they wanted. 'She question of tbc jreatm importance to the coucfo' ?w-iis the trainin; --f the children. Acyahia^ that injured or prevettUd the improvement of the cban- cicr of the children wan to the detriment of the future people of the co lony. Many clergy thought t!»i tiiu chil dren were (a-owin^ up iu mtkielity. What, then, vould be bcUcr than a (.'omii-iHidon to enquire uKo what hod bc-ui -1odc. Tliey jSiould be perfectly certain tiiat the ri/iK education was bcin£ giwn to the ciiiklreu. I! tiwy voted agaias: tlw enquirj- it Suolwil a- though kbey were afraid vi it. Ihe r-r- ferendaa taken should r-jt be binding on the Houfie and country ai;or a i-eitiiu length of time. It should have bc«n taken of the parents and not the -wiiuU ^iptLa twn. Tie Church of Eng!and \vT:ui^\i die 2Ce\r Souii Wales syfltvu, wialc uLe \V«.a leyans wanted the Bible rcvJiiu; ia aji-m's. (Mr. Foster— 'TLey are sili.-i;tr.l with the ptt»ent sy»tem, and Lav.v vutcd &\- vi-ih a ^reat majority at tLcir 'Jonfeivace.') rjytiw jieople tnou-r.1bt the £-\v«.«.-.!i ;.?-.- .:-ipenih*e, and they should tn-|u;t\\.- tr.lo tkil. &- far as tlje cduisttiniul R.v.--;«nn was cou ctrned boo*: of the iii.id iciciicii* were not .-atislied, and if tlic-y t.ok up scr.ie of liio books they n\\-i;!d stx religious teachiu^ tliere. In 1:33 -.lr. Hartley wait &11C -v -'e»v Srmrfi Walts to t-iMiStiJer the ;%Ja«.a tional r-it*m there, ^iv\ be reifortc.l liiai .secular instn;ctiun v.-a.-i hi!d to inclwiu pineral reKfri-oua teachioa as disunguiaavd from dnzneticid or loii-micai tiiojlofl.% He *det:iiled'the provL-irm to,- spcr;;il r.-ii^iuiu inutruction. and poiti»d c-m that i.iiire a parent objected a ci:iid w:l? m-mpt :ro:n those lesrona. He ;J^- riuoud the resu latioas deaHci: wiJti t.ie subject. That was the Act of Now .Sou: is \Vaia». and it workwl exceedingly we;!, -.w.'i tiio j^opic oa the wh.i!e were -.ttiafiod wi«J: i:. Mr. Hartley was wait over to «!H(ttire inU- it. That (^ntk-man was ;i £fcn lever uf tlie I prcspDi scIk^I s--:uiu. an*t he reported .i* ! follows: — 'The gcner.il impression loft upon my miud is tlia: in the Sydney schools re gular anil satisfactory iiwtruerici; _ is given in Scripture his-iory, «-ith *'jme-vL-it of a tendency to sJect stones from the Oid Tcslament in pnietvnci* to th-? Xeiv. I dp not cuoiirter that these lcsnnns are re!i gioiH, and ihw is .1 perfectly n.ii'.ir.il cou sequence. Xo special nine of thf day is «_?; a;iurt. but nr»w in the in-»rnin». an.l now in the afternoon, a lesson in Scripture lii.stor} Uktif its j.I.ii c beiv-ecti one iu roidin? and j nautiier ic arlUun- tie. It is ti part -A die I regular bonne** of tic in--- th.inion,andtherel i- no sf«cial reverence about it. 1 iuii^: I not Iw understood t« reflett :n tlie ;li^itc«t ? degn* upon either t'tw .-jvicm or tl« tench- 1 ers who are (sirryinj it out. The dt-jiar:- j nurnt follows the Act. in '?rescribing tills i work, and tlie tearhers loyally observe their i in*trueuon#.' The wliole of th* report was : m favour of an alteration on those lines. ? Were they to shut m:t the- iuw» of tko! Maker irom tlw K-hoch or not ': Wa.- the coimtry alrop?th*-r .in unbclit-vinj country : or not; Did they belicv? in rhe law.- of tba : Maker or not? If tiwy fJ:»J. everj- Cliristiiui in the (wintry -!ioi:!i Mnmiiy sur-pori : having tho«-j laws Uir/r.'. in the ss-uogU. from lh« easiest a?o- iii.l oonit* and s'^e on the chiracter of tho p^a.-lo. Tne Hnrci!! ' nation rose to it* iiii'ii position o;i the nobleness of iHe Rnm-iti* cf the day? H--ir did it full! By dcterioractn in th«? clwric. ter of die people; az-A Aujtrali.t would n.-c or fall, would ia.»t or R--t, on tiw c:iiarae:cr of its people. V.'cru they hkely to liave a lasting p*v-pk- vmen Uiey di-1 not know the Sns of ths Maker? it wa^ aiiaolutciy liu- , creditable for tliose who made the laws for the people to shut out the laws of the 3laker. (Mr. Price— 'Do you mean to »y that the Churches and Sunday- schools are doins no work-') They were doing good work, and if Iheir existence was necewary, it was purely necessary that all ^ie child ren of South Australia should be taught, ami why should those who did not attend the Sunday-schools be bhut out! Practically the State to-day was doling . all private stiioo!-, and taking under its care the whole Cklucaiion system, but it was undertaking w.irk which it was not carrying out. (Mr. Archibald— 'Vou want theology to be taught.'') lie wanted the lavs r-i the Maker to be taufhi. Tlsere were the Ten Conimandmt nts whieU lh-! ciiildnii fcbould leatn and obey. (Mr. WchI — 'They arc stuck up in e\\-cry school, I believe.') Then why should they be shus cut r,:' the booki? Our .'t-hool system was im;»trfoct without tuih tcatuin-^. He did not w.mt tliL-okr^' to be r.iu^at. Who could find t)ieula^-* in the Sermon on the Mount? (Mr. Pricu— ''Cm you g.st the IvCfciio to ajirce as to what should be i read?') They wjuld not a;n-ee wliile mem- ! bt-rs went on as they, were -loiu;{ to-day, j He improved uf»on them I'wir ic-pon«ibi- ! lit*'. There was a larjre i-Jueatioual vote to-day, and it was nuihiDg like large enough ; for what was being douc. Mr. Arc'ufliuhl pro\\-cd the other fl.iy that the teachers were not properly paid, and that they were ground dc.v.u boeatit« tlic system wa-s get- j tins so expensive. The clause* were lar too i Ifcrgp, and i-ountry schools were (k-ticicr.t i in the nuraiier of teachers, lie pointed io t'-v i.!Rtirco and Petersburg tciiuoU as iu- 1 siaaee-. At Urroroo there r.°.u- one pupil teacher and a Lradtucjicr. The puj-i! Uo cher— Aic wja a wry ccod one. but bad left now— h.'.d forty tliiMrcn under !u-r eire, whidi wa.- too rauch for a girl- Tiic tcach ew were boin;; starved btvause ths ssysirin was so frigiiifully expensive. Many people -hd no: boiitve in t'3^ system, and iclt most keenly tha: thcte ought to be an altcra :i'Ji-. Tiic coct of L-due.itiunal bui!diug» to date bad Uxn £453,947, the interoi on \\\\.i:oi was £IS.4(R). lue annual (:-?- of primary edoc»:iot'.i was tioT.t'Jl, which, added to the £13,000 interest, made a tu tal of £l.rw,«1l l-cf anuum. 'i!i«.' last Coin bJu-ton on tho subjeti sat as far baek as 1s.n{*-1. jumI it was time aiiol:KT wo.-. .t|» pointed. Undoubudly the last Conisiis.sioa did good work, and the education system Kould iave uocu better to-day if its# report hid been carried out iu full, which was not the case, lue MLM--?f£'K ot LuCCAilON wid the Goyomueut wuuid oiipuso Uie appuian meat ot a Coniuussion; lu-st, becau-e it \nis kbjoiuttiy uitiRxessjiy; aud eccuudiy, bo caujc iney regarded is a.-, a waste oi public money. Our public school system wis juii.y \vuuoJ by oil claesc*, auU u was very cvo nouiiciily worked. 'Ihe rcguiatiuns were u.z the disiosal of hou. uiuubc-r-s, and a Giimuii'xHOU would not throw any greater ligfrt on the working of the system, lie hoped tii-at the rcsuU ot the division .vould nvt encourage tlie i»on. nicoiixur to reucw tlw uotioa next year. Mr. Uilt* soemed to cl:iiui the liev. ih: Kirijy as a supjwiter, but be ventuix'd to say th.it Air. Kiniy was a great auintrcr ui tue euueatiouai sysceiu. The comulaint made by jir. Ivii-by a- to overwore u younger leathers would lie lanre'.y removed as Uiey gradually ti^od tho Uutveriity lor tRiiniug, uiia .ur. An-uiluid ha-i tipic.-tcied biiu-c.t as being {jcri^uUy sa.:L-!Jeu witii what the Government v.ere dwrg in Uiat connection. Tne public sciuwl teachers were more anxious it' anything that the children cuiru.-ted to them should gtuw up with cluracicrs-^to be bouust, indus trious, kind and considerate to oihiers — tiian to luve tiiecu filled wiUi a knotrlcJge at arithmetic or any othtr branch of educa tion. Ix Mr. (Jiles would only vi.-it the public schools in city, ur country aud soe tac work accomplished he would noi coa tiuually decry our cdmatlon sjstoiu. Tlie boa. member first compUiued that Uie sys tem was too expensive, aud before he sat i!own Le coinpbuned that they were so cut ting down ex|«nditure that there were not proper fac:li::es for education. The bou. member was nob correct iu either case. There had been no attempt for juany years to reduce salaries of teachers; and the stall was jiurt as large to-day as it was tcu or tureivc yean ago. Tue regulation in that respect was adhered io, and the same ecu dipous were applied to raunxry and city ichools. In the small provisional schools in :he country it wa3 impossible to provide the liiao ciass of teacber as in the large public schools, but ho knew that where vacancies ha.i h.ipi*ned, and they had had to «cud assistance irom city schools.it was most sd va:itiig£3:is to have yousger men who liad been tntined in the pub:lc schools, an-l thai (vurse had met inth wurui apiitonii by pa Mils ati children in the couutry i!;s tricts. There were plenty of men toxowiiat Ivv do-wn in the service ct]ually^.i t-c-.-aj.ttcni to teach as were tho»e who li.id bceu lonji in the service and had readied n.'iriy :iu top of liie tree. As a whoJ-j thv tciolu-rs in this colony 'A'crc oujpeic^t, ami as re gards their knowJolge of uicliin^ . they wnitjt.ircd ver-- favourably with uulub-ji= -li teacucrs who had been more iiiglUr rr.iincil in private schools. (Mr. (iii'jiic— 'How do i-ou account tor hundreds of ciiildrcnoming U|- to Me cay by tlie 0 o'clock traiu. WTiere did they come from?'') Not from the coanlry districts. It would be quite possible in large centres of population for private enterprise to provide schools, but an attempt to interfere wish tlie .State e:\uciitioDi3 system would seriously injure the parents and children in the countrv. They could no: get private enterprise to step in, and open schools right through tho colony as the Statj ha. I done. Children were being cdnratcd in tiie city schools for a trifle less than £2 per head, and in the smaller country school* it cost aboat £5 jvr head— money escectliiigly well spent. The advantages of the present system were not confined to the city. (Mr. Burgoyne— 'It L- not a question of. r«st; it h a*-)uty we have undertaken.') Yc-: and a duty they were sur-posed to carry out. They ulioalil he proud of the education !-mi-m, and the mere they looked into it, ..ml vi.sil i-J the jwhoils, the hipi-e they must realize rlie exce'-itucc of the system, and how much they owed to tbe late Insnor.tor-Gener.il. the Lite Mr. Hartley, who did so mu;h to L r.fr.'PKAKH did not think -fr. Giles ha**, maile out a n~o. for a Comra--?ion. Th» hon. incirber had t---uclicd on only one point — rc4:p«M education. Govcinment bv Comrals.-'tca was a mo«t expensive way or ?fictvernment, arid the H«-u«e shrmM hs Very ctireful in agree;:!? to Commi^icns. He would refer to a few matters to show the nsoe«ity for improvement in cornieo tion with the education eyrteni, and. though Chore were v.c.ik \toint& in the *ys icm, it should not be con-adere.1 t'uit he w.i.- uring words of cen sure mi die .^'stcm a« ? a whole. The ^ bister himself mu-l a-lre'rt thj* the :-:;.\ju-;n v.ii-' not perfect. With raor« fund^ t!ie u^fulnws of the system mold b.! oxtearifd. He was sorry that til*. ParliiiaicntJiry umid of the department wa; mbc?il up -:hh the agricultural Iv.-anc'i. He -iiou!d li';c the Minister to devote hi? en Ljutry irr.n the vducut;.c»i; b.-an.lt m.ro th:i.i he w.»s now able to do, fo'r, feciug that iho ijiKiiion of ^etring a shilling or two motv lor lambs v.ms primps more important to expcitcrs than tac education of citiidivn. the force cf KN contention would be seon. ?o far as ti:s pn-scut system was concerne.1. a had- done a trea* deal to raise iht- cdu i-.nion ci the youn? jwuple t-- a liigiier plane tiun that u;-jti which their pieue Lt:sor» stood, aud nnything which did taut iv.ij. ctit:t le.i t- t!:eii- iulniiratiou and r-v spect. /icutifn had been made of Mr. Hsri k'j', and it waj im;io.-sible to bpt'.il: of tho system without recalling to memory thnt g-.ntleraan. ft w.ty he who had laid down the Buiin principles of the present system, iiid he did uol want to sec ttiosv main priu eipl?.- destroyed, but there w.i« one unfor tusato tiling in having --) able a man to slart iv *y:-:ci:i, and that was tLat he had not Jfclt .» suece-*or. Tbe woik -Ir. Ilartley had done tad been put in ?:ctuini--:;)!i, and whereas Mr. Hartley was nead of the system, now there wiw n-- hi.'ii'l. hcv.iu-; an administmtivc lSoard conld never bo reyinled as a head. iTbe Minister of Eiiucition— 'wDou't you approve of the altvnitions which have been m.iuV «inre h-* dMt'.j?'') Yin but that did m-: prove that if there had been an nlmini.'tr.t live 4ifa-l there mt&ti.; pxA hn\e been bettor alterations. Th«.- work w.is now doue by the Chairman and two Inspector*, who v.-t-re ai,p.-ipt.efl Io the Board because of their setuoiitr. In swli a mittcr he did not think that seniority fbould have had much weighs. At the time of the appoint mp;it lip hatl written litters to the Press, protesting aga;n.-t lhc_ work being put into rommission. and fanng that an enquiry should he made to st-e whether there w.is not a man in the department fit for the j poWti.m. and if there wns not the Govern- 1 went i-hould set cinn. The work o£ a Boanl ! rouH never he rcsiri]e-l as sn sitisf.ictoT I as that of an administrative bead, for the I rraron fli.tt officers anrl trach^iM were for- 1 merly brought into contact with h man r.f - strong hum'»n fi-e?ing, and they knew their, work wa« under the «urveillam-c of a roan ' -.r'nr) would trent them as hitman beings I :-ud m^fifct them, but now tlte ? teacher-? ; kr.ew they would ?never, cot that kiad sfi rp.-lirg oiit of a Board. Rcstdex that it wa« ! important »nd valuable when alterations wcn» \to',Az mide in the ?y5tcm to know who : »«?»? respon^ihlp for them. At the prewmt : tim* ir vns not known, and the decision* were l»*t in the tnv«tory of a Board, and m nn? w-..« re»rw-n«ible for it. He could *pws : from what ho had '|Mrd from scvpral tcs-: i-iier* that the working of the .svstom by a ! P»r.r' wa.« not so «dvantaceons to them, i Thev felt ih«- fo\\- of r-o ?--«nn»tli*Hc a nwn ' rrcatly. and it wou'd l»e a'tqng trme before th«»v got over the teas Mufain'fd by havin? a Board substituted for a gentleman ablti to carry out- the work. From the point of view of expense, they were paying mow to carry out tiie department than formerly. They had three men doing tlie work of one man and an assistant, and those mea formerly devoted a good deal of their time to inspectorial work. Mr. Hartley used to go round ttie ' ecuoelo und encourage ihe teachers, but the Hoard had not the snark in them to kindle enthusiasm among tlie Teachers. There was another matter to which he wishul to draw a*aenUou. In sieud of the uianuai tvhieh used to be read by the «;holars in the third, fourch, and !iuh classes they hud the pompuilci calleil tlie 'Cltildren's Hour.' It was of very little v.i luc fruta an educational standpoint. It luigiit give Uic children a knowk-ige oi cvenis which were occurring from day to i--ay, !)Ui that they coul.l gec irom the news papers. (Mr. (.onoybenr— ?'The children of liie i-iej£tu dny do iiot road the mwspa I*rs. ') He knew from his own family tSat they did reud ihe ne\vApa.]-ers. He did not dyuy that t5ie 'Children's Hour*' wouM j-ive the iJiiUlrrn .i knowledge of the cve&U; gcing ou around tLuui, and aUq a Haltering opinion of the Government policy. A little while iigo he Ward Mr. Miller use a quota tion frc-m .V.ikon, and he was pretty con tidenx that member leiinrc it at Hchool. Tie h.inisdt got his firs*;, interest in classi cal literature from whit he read ai school. WJi.u Ji.vl tiic c-liiliitva of tne present dav i:or. iu -ul- stittiti--n lor I-fliak.-pe.irc and jilii to!i? They had go. an aecnmu of the fwez ?u^ works at I'on Ada-'-aide and the light houi'-s around tiie cca.--t. They were losing :i 2u!.iva opportunity in the teaching of the r!iil.ir-fn by --ttbstitut.ing such weakly stuff fvr l:i«rir gr.uid classical lheratuie. (Air. ConeyNeT— ''You doa't c?!l the gocgraphy of South Australia weak siulT?') 'fhcre was n time i-- ucch geography, but they should wai-h the children to have a Jove of litera ture. Waca it came to a question of esa nuning tlie chr'dn-n in H.i;li&i; 1'teraturr r!u\v found they krww liii'e cr uothicc; about it, and yet in the t.\aminatio..s f.-r tiic bursv.rifs tho-t! subjects were asked and .i knowledge of th-?-u was rejcirtd if lite cbildrcp. wiried to coitips.te. Suc.i .iufs Lion* as tae following wrr» asked: — 'About wlist ye^r wis Sa-.ikspCTre's '.Juli'js Caesar' written, and from wiiat sources did he draw bis materiais* Bneily sketch the tour.-v of the drama, with special reference to Caesar, Brutus, Calpurnu, and Antony. Fully explain the following line, and state n-here ttie words may be icnnd, and under what circumstances they were uttered — 'Ha, na! ho»v viWr d--Ui this cynic lvtyjnc.' Explain the following— 'Phe feast of . Ijipercal.' 'The Ides of March,* The lbn in tiie Cnpito',' Like richest Alchemy.' 'Genius and Mor tal miitruraeaU,' 'Tiie Hybla Bees.'' 'iVrite brieliy what vou know about tne following:— Anci'iVcs, Ate. Colossus, drach ma. Erebus, Piutu-. J'ricily sketch the jjoinU of special lontra.-rt Milton prc.^cn'is in ?L'Allcjio' and 'H Penserost).' Write in the missing iines between — 'But ki my lue feit nevc-r fail,' and 'And bring all [leave a before mine eyes.' ' What did the children know abotrl tii.-.se subjects when they v.erc nut taught them in staoo!? To jutt in the liar-is oj t!:e scholar* an nccotiut of the hve-.ins works instc-.id of iho great Ensign litOiUtcrc v.^as one of ibe weakneases of tlie system. (Mr. Broo ker— 'It uiiikes them think about tltci.' daily bread.') J'fciily bread was not ev/»-v Lliio^ in a inaiUcr of education. _ The s'.liookune was ulicu Uiyy should instil into the r-'niidren a love of literature, nrnd if the c!:ildren were not taught is then they would never appreciate it. Important m was tbi* qttcs'v'ion of d:iiiv bread, it was not fur that purpose for wbic-h tbe children went to school. If it wtre so uiey would be better eumiovnl Frying at honic with their parents Karcisg to do the work. (The l'rea*r.rw — 'What should bs read is some thing interesting.') It should Ik some thing lasting, and not someihing which '???ulil ho |-wk«l up from the newspapers. [T1;e Treajuror— -The other wi!l come Utct mi.') The time for learning the classics ivonld never come later on to many of the .?hiidrcn. lie repeated thai 'The Children'* Hour' could cot be regarded as of much ihlucatitraaJ \Tilue. Much of it? English ivai oi a slipshod order, end, though it-- [ucts uiight be right, children could gel facts out of a dictionary or arithmetic if il-.cy so desired. It was not only necessan :o tcde-h facts, surely the children needed to be taught style, and that could not be lope by feeding tSioir minds on such stuS —for it y&s; nothing else— as apjwared in ''Tbe Children's Hour.' He understood ^ist a very great deal of the time of one cf [he Board was taken op by the preparation w that pttbtiuUion. Another gentleman jv3*;%:)e.! the column enti: ed 'Puzz-'s,' i.w»uiuiins tcts of puzzles, waicn, chough clever enough, were of no educa :ionat value. Many of the pa**ages contaui xi in 'The Children's Hour' were selected ny the pupils themselves, as if they ivere tiic prefer judges of the reading mat :er thac snouid be carried on in the third, :ourth, and tilth classes. ' True, this M*a» iwrt of their recreation, but let them hav* :ecrvalion in some other way, by tcachine ;he children some of she he*i thoughts coo laincd in our language, instead of by frit tering away -their time in- the fashion be lad indicated. He read every issue of '?Tbt ['hildnn's Hour' with a feeling of regret th.it his children were being taught such stuff lastcitd of having _ their iniir.is Bourviuil on fo:ne of the irigbtcst examples of English poetry inA prcse. (Mr. Cviieybeer— 'They ;et that as well. ) They goc some misct tblc staff called poetry, bnt which was cot noetry at all. (Mr. Price— 'What do you ?hink* about substituting 'Hansard' for it!') [f none other tha a the classical speeches of :he bon. member were inserted it would -e right enough, but. seeing that so many jf them were incapable ot giring tOTression to such lofty utterances, he feared there *-ould be no gain in adopting the sugges tion. If Mr. Price would move that none ,)t;t his own speeches aiiould lie published lie wmild give tlie matter consideration. \nother wtal: point in our educational sys :«tu was in refereccc to compulsory atten l:tnee. Souie Boards bad repeatedly asked L'ie Government to get a scnooi census taken in their particular districts, the rea ?ou being that the clopiirtmen: lamontab!y :ailed when it came to etuorcing the atten lance of children who had never been ca tered on a. school-roll. When once a child ud been enrolled the department saw that Jiat child attended the requisite number of lays in each quarter, but wnere a child had lever been sent to school the department rxs not cognizant of its existence, and did jot trouble about it. Hi knew one family ;he children of which were ten aad twelve .ears old, and yot they had never been in side a State school, thougii they resided vithin two miles or one. (Alr.Giies— 'You wjrht to vote for au enquiry then.') 2Co; K-causc the hon. member did not make out i very good wise. He thought the ins'jaucus le hod cited diidoscd weakness ot adminis rat-on, and he called atten'.lon to il under ^ie Leiief th.it the Minister of Educauoc vould enquire into the matter. There were iovernntent ofiiceM in the districts to vhic-h he referred, who could inks a school :co-us with very little expense, and ?um a step woi::d short' that the Goveru iicnt rcaliy desired to nwke compulsory at :eudanee a reality and not a »i:a;u. He v.ts also sorry tbji our public schools v.'exe lot p».i tc further nw by holiiiug night xii:o!s iu tiiein. Muc-huiisht bo done iu .his ilirectioa. and though ii invar. t expense le frit sure the people would noi scrupie :o ?a;-k the !-ill wheiv it could be eiio-.vn that mr prcK-iJt system touid be extended, thing* were ver-- diStrout in Scutii Aus :r.i!:a to-d:ty to wlirit riroy were in America ronic ycar- a^o. Kcccnlly he came across in interc: ?♦.ing' account of what was thought )f the sysietn of State education in America n\ii centuries back, and tlw contrast be .i-.t-.-n ;he ideas tiiat prevailed then und mr wrttlem notion-- was very striliing. Thi iccount he icfcnc;l to wes contained in Bancroft'.* 'Hi^tor)? of the United State-?,' tnd nw Trrirton by the Governor of Vir utiia. Sir W. Kerkeley, t»- Oaarlis II. It vas to thu followin,; elicit: — 'Tiie ministers ;: rt-i:gioi\ hsre should pray more and ?ro.ic-h !»=: but I tiiank God thciv are no rec «-ciiools nor priuting-prevaes in this ?onntiy. and 1 hope we shall not have ?itlier these hundred year?, for kurning has jroiisht disobedience and s«ct» nnd heri^ics nto the world, wiiibt printing has divulged ??iif^m, together with libels on the best of \iog-* and Goveniors. ('cJ prwurve us 'rom both.' AnotJier poitrt lie desired to mich upon had reference to the csnmiiu aon of candidates for the oilite of pupil ?earher. At prtwent the examinations were conducted in the city, which was extremely nconvenient to the children of country re 'i(l«iits. Tne expenss of country candi !ate* comins to town was often verv h&ivy.; !n one case he tvus assured br a fatW that Jic expenses incurred by him in bringing lis child to the city to undergo the exami lation totalled J'S or £0. He claimed that Jie Kitnc faeiliri&\- in this respect alroa'd be ?xtended to the cotmiry a* were given to :he citr. T5ir; Univr- ivity authori :ics had recojmifed the utility of lolrtJD? examinations in country dis :r|cr#. and the Education Department night with advantage copv their «ample. tf the University could arrange for local rentlemen to superintend the holding of how examinations for the Preliminary i*x^min.tTi-*ns it should not be outside the ?-ower of the Education Department to de-' rise some pkn to meet the requirements of lie pupil teachers in the country districts. Phe«- was no reason wiy opportunities ihould not bs given to the children in the country fc» present themselves for cxaniina ion for admission to the Civil Service, but hit iK.! !n-t '.vork out in practice at pre en t. All those thincs now tended to draw he people to the city oa account of the ! lea expenditure neccs?ary. They should give every facility for the* people to remain in the country. The Government would be doing a good thing if it provided that these ; examinubons should, be held in the conn |UT. i Mr. BUEG0YXE raid the arguments of ? Mr. Pcake bad cqavinced faim that he should vote for the motion. He had given good reasons why an enquiry should be , made into the education system, by which j U could be ascertained if it could I lie improved in some respects. The question was whether the enquiry should fes made by a Commission or by the heads oi ? the department. He did not agree with : the mover of the motion in his view of the religious teaching in the public schools. He i Sxld that the only task of the schools .*- I far as the character of the children was ' concerned was to make them useful citt : zens— a respectable, honest, fair-dealing ,100. pic, who would grow up under the one unu versa! law, to do unto others as they wish ed to be done by. The dogmas and prac tical teaching of religion could well be left, to the clergy and the parents. The Edu 1 cation Department was important and ex ! ptusive. It undertook the formation, of I tiit- ciiaracter or the people of South Aits 1 tralia. One of the beauties of tbe national I system was that it reached the outlying dis : tricts ot' the colony, whicli it wcuid other wise be difficult to reach. Mr. Peake had : hfen a little hypercritical in his faultfind | ing. If they undertook the education of the ' people at all ic must take some expense, and if they were expending £150,000 a year they were expending it vexy well. If there wore any niean* of obtaining information : for improving the system they ought not to lose the opportunity. The motion was noc an attempt to govern by Commission, as ; the enquiry mijrnt result in improved me : thods bring adopted by the department. I The question if increasing expense with in ! creasing population were producing the best : results in a system which was yet on its ; trial should be gone into, and any tugges . tion of tbe Commission ia that direction I v.cald be of value. Many people objected ! to' the system because rhey had to ; pny for the education of their own children ?nd pay in taxes for ; the education of others besides, ihe referendum was against what he con sidered was right &nd; just, but it was not for him to fay that the people were wrong and* that he was right. It was a matter, however, on which the other side should be heard in rha manner in which they could be heard before a Royal Commission. At any rate, no ham could be done by having further information oa the subject. _ There had been complaints about the disadvan tage of children in country places in com parison witn tho*c iu the city and sub urbs. Some of these disadvantages were incidental to nosHion and conditions, and could not very well ue entirely removed, but it was possible to improve them in many rvf.tectt. lie did not agree with a previous speaker that a little knowledge was a. dangerous thins- A good deal of it was very much better, and every member would admit th.it they would be none the worse for a little more information. It would be of service to members and to tne country, and he would vote for the motion. Mr. WOOD was surprised to hear Mr. Pcnke talk 'as he had done, and then say that he was not in favour of the motion. That member had made twelve or thirteen complaints about the present educational system, and such was the tenor of hw whole .«]%euh. The more he (the speaker) saw of the system the more he was con vinced of its grand nesi-. There was not a better one in the colonies. He did not be lieve iu giving the children any hard lite rature to study, because they cculd not understand it. Many of the children in the State schools to-day were better educated at tea years of age than were their grand fathers and grandmothers when they were ready to die. (Mr. Burgoyne — '&o; they ought to be.') Ye*, because they had the opportunities. But it would never do to cram the children wiih educational food such as Mr. lVake h.icl referred to. Mr. Poake mighs have exceptional children, but most of thu scholars were Uxcd to their uttermost at present. He was sorry to hear 3Ir. Pcake rrtkw on tie School Board, be csiu-e ac believed they were doing rcaliy good work. The Inspectors spent their rime. ia visiting the schools and ascertaining the eiiicicacy of the teach ing, and so on, und they could not g*vc too much lime to that. Mr. Giles had re ferred to religious instruction in the schools. There was such a diversity of opinion as to what religion really was that it would have bceu well if he had defined it. (Mr. GiUs— 'I rni-ntioned the Ten Com mandments, cr tiie fc'ermon ou the Mount.') He believed the Commandments were ported up in every school, if not thoy ought to be. The books which the children' read in school now pointed to a pood, floral, religious life. He knew of a case where a child, four and a half years of a;;e, was asked by its mother what r: 'im-2 learned at the Sunday-School nne Sab bath, and the little one replied that the teacher had spoken to the class about the Holy Ghost. Now, what was the good of that to one oi such tender years? Mr. Hartley had stated in his report, which had been iniotcd, that in the New South Wales sehoels prererer.ee was given to the teaching of the Old Testament rather than tbe Xcw Tcsi'iment. He could noc understand that at all. If they were going to allow each teacher to teach wlutt he or she thought tit, what a terrible conglomeration of idea* there would be. In -ew South \V«lc? teachers were not even allowed to be local I teachers. (Mr. Pnce-7'That is not so here') No; and quite right, too. In New bouth Wales they were not allowed to in fuenee the children in religious matters at all.* He had no objection to the present system being bettered if there. wan to be no extra expense, but he did not like legisla tion by Commis.'ionV or Committees. If the people were not satisfied with the pre sent Kyxtem be did net see wby there should not be another referendum. It was a people's oucstion. On tho capitation in-aut he had said that he would uhidc by tiie decision of the referendum. He did not :vc why the House should object to Mr. Cities having a Commission. If there y.as any coot! to couic of it, let them have it by all means. Mr. CALDWKLL. moved the adjourn ment of the debate. Carried. The adjourned debate was made an Order of the Day for Wednesday, December 13. EXCURSION FARES ON RAILWAYS. Adjourned motion (Mr. Coneybeer)— ??'lli.it, itt lite opinion ot this House, the employes oi Tramway Companies and outers who have to work on public holidays .-ihould be enabled to obtain railway tic kets at excursion rates at sucii times as ?they get their holidays, on production of j. certitica-te from t'hs employer.' j-ir. CON£*l13E£R, in continuing his re marks, did not ask for any great conces sion: indeed, it would not cost the Govern ment anything. On the oiiisr hand, the Ixi^age of U;s r??clt:tion wouki mean in creased rovnue to Cae State. He merely a.-'ked thai those who wt-re compelled to work on public holidays should be entitled once a yeir to (-heap railway fares so that limy might see the beautiss of the country. At C.3U p.m. ihe fitting of the House was suspended until T.oO p.m. On rcs-nminc. Mr. COXEYBEER said tie kne-w rhat soir.c of tho men concerned i-tslly wauled, ior they hud s{ioken to bun. lie did not coaliae Che resolution u- tram way employes. He wisJied to btnefit all thu-e wiic* \wrked 011 Stolidays aad were similarly pl.-.ccd. (Mr. Copiey— ''Perhaps ytvj will go ir- t!ic extent of making; Uw raihvayri free?') He was not prepared to do xL:k just now. though there was a good deal io be *iid in favour of it. *T*ac in- ; land towns would gain by his motion. Tiiei cJrtirtcMie would iliow vhat the person wishing the cscuirion fare uad worked on public holidays when others were more for uin.ae in gcrting away from their ordinary duties. On t?ie motion of 31 r. COPLEY tiie de bate ivu.4 adjourned until Wednesday, De contber C. SELECT COMMITTEE— MAIN ROADS. Adjourned debate on the motion of Mr. McKenzie— 'Tiiat a Select ComDii'ctee be appointed to enquire into and report upon tne alteration of or additions to the Sche dule of Main l'oads in South Australia.' To which Mr. Parch had moved the follow ing amendment, to add to the question the words— 'and as to the necessity or other wise of amending the. Width of Tires Act.' Mr. GRAIN' ;ER moved-'That tbe House do now divide.' By doing Chat he would be consulting the wishes of hon. members, including the mover. Carried. Amendment agreed to. Motion as amended Carried. 'Ihe following were elected the committee by ballot:— The Treasurer, the Hon. T. Piayford.. Messrs. Archibald, Carpenter, Copley, Handy side, and McKenzie. Com-! mittee to have power to 'send* for persons, paper*, and records, and report on Novem ber 22. ASSISTANCE TO MINERAL 1-H*.'£LOPMENT. Adjourned* debate on the motion of Mr. Poynton — 'Tiiat, viewing the imm-»i-M» mas- 1 nttudc of our mineral fields, together with the testimony of our greatest geological and mineral experts of its po&dnihtjes;, and the enormous difficulties of development, in the opinion of this House there should be voted a. sum sufficient to materially jwswt itt; de- - v«loping and exploiting' the mineral wealth : of this province.' Mr. BROOKER was granted leave to continue his remarks on 'November 23.. SELECT COMMITTEE RE CODLIN MOTE REGULATIONS. Report of ti*e- Select Committee to be brought up. ?'. ?'?? : Mr. DARLING-' moved— 'That one month's ettenson of time be crantod to the Committee in wdiich to bring up. thar report.' Carried. .'. ?:'? ^ ~ ;j- -- THE FEDERAL ELBOTIONS:-- -' Adjourned debate on (he motion of Mr. Gramcer— ''''hat, in the opinion of this House, ihe policy of the Government, to the effect tiiat the members of the Federal House of Representatives should, be re turned by tiie elector* of the province vot ing u one confititumcy, is opposed to the best interests of the people.' To which Mr. Batchelor lias moved the following amend ments, viz.:— To leave oat all the worth after. -''tins House' down to and including 'that,' and also all the words after 'vot- ing'' in order to add to tine Question the words 'in equal electorates.' - - ? ? JIr. nUTCHISON said that: tie ..'Cook monweakh Bill- not. only provided/for but contemplated tbe division of. the colony in to -districts for the election .of the- House of Representatives. .When, the debate was adjourned on tiie previous occasion he was dealing with ffie immense advantages which the single electorate system would confer on tiie man with money. ' He foond - that the Attorney-General in hia remarks said, .'The day \vien' money would carry an election was passfxi.' That all depended, however, on how the money was expended. He had already pointed out to Mr. Solomon chat other tactics could be adopted. Other tactics had been adopted in : connection with elections for tiie House of Assembly, and would probably be repeated in/connec tion with the federal elections. ' It was un necessary for the Attorney-General to say that corruption was impossible. He' did not charge any member of the House with having been guilty of corruption, but when the Attorney-General said corrupt practiced had not existed he stated what was not tbe case. At one election a man had told him be had received a sum of money with which to buy clothing conditionally that he voted for a certain candidate. He (the speaker) however, had found it impossible to con nect that act of bribery or corruption cither with tie candidate, or' his agent. He was able to prove tiiat the party who suppliec the clothing was a relation of the agent oi the candidate, but he could pet no further. In another case a woman who complained that she could not vote because she had no boots in whkfe to go to the poll was sup piied with boots by one of the candidate s canvassers. Again, x worker bad told him. 'I am not against you, but I bave a wife and family, and I am offered so much a week to work for tbe Conservative candidate.' Largely through tiie agency of that man Mr. Kirkpatnck lost his election for the Southern District. The same tactics were adopted in the case of his own election. The man he had already referred to went to a woman with four or five daughters and asked who they were going to vote for. Tne woman replied, 'The Labou- candi date,' whereupon, after asking mt name aud corefuKv scanning the roll, tbe canvas ser said, 'What a pity! bu; none of you are on the roll.'' This showed the influence of money. It on*y required a man to be paid £3 or £4 a week for a brief period to go round and misrepresent the other candidate, and the tatter's chances of elec tion became very small. It was no offence against tne electoral code. He would like Mr. Solomon to tell members the total cost of holding bis big meeting in the Adelaide Town Hall in connection with the federal elections. It was a very considerable sum. lite man who could afford to sjiend money freely would be able to use the entire Press of the colony, and thus would gain an in finite advantage over his poorer rival. The Attorney-Central taid that tlie Electoral Code 'only needed firm administration and an enforcement of the law to regulate the thin?.' But the Code bad never been firmly administered. What was the use of talk ing about firm administration when no thing had been done. With the colony vot ing as one district what chance would an able man in the country, who was compara tively unknown in toe populous centres have of being elected t None at all! Mr. Solomon said that if. the Labour Party had been properly organized he would not have been returned to the Federal Contention. Tiiat might be so, but the workers at that time had not conceived that federation was a good thing, or that it was coming. It was not the matter of the Government at all. Consequently they said they would not vote at ail. Undoubtedly, they kepi away from the poll. They did not put their organization into operation. Tne Conservative Party could more easily than the I-abour Party organize their side, be cause they had the money and the Labour Party had not. It was a fair thing to the Country and Labour Parlies that the co lony should be divided into districts. When the Leader of the Opposition thought he was going to catch the Labour Party in that way, the wisest thing for him to du ?vas to resign, and go and teach the fruit rrowcrs how to catch uirds with chaff. To nave die colony as one electorate was the opportunity* of the Wealth Party. They hiid goc nothing in tbe past from them, and they did not expect anything from them in the future. Did Mr. Burgoyne agree with 3 It. Solomon when he said that all the voting power would be contained within ten square miles of Adelaide? That should be enough for the Country Party* Mr. Solomon told them that there was tbe greatest unanimity among the delegates at the Federal Convention. In the Sydney 'Haneard,' page 373, he found that the Premier advocated one electorate for the Senate, because, otherwise, he said, 'In- stead of a member being there who is justi fied in claiming to speak on behalf of the State from which he comes, he can only speak on behalf of the particular electorate. (Sir John Forrest— TVould that not also apply to -the representative House as well?') I think not. That House is intended to represent the various interests of the people.' He entirely agreed with him, and the Premier had not brought anything be fore the House to justify him in altering it. Then Sir John Downer, between whom and the Premier there was a. wide divergence of opinion on Eome political matters, said he ''believed in Che Senate being elected by one electorate, for the purpose of making the Senate stronger and more directly repre senting the people, but not the House of Representative*, as it represents the people as individuate.' They contended for that. Dr. Cockburn said:— 'Each State could be trusted to know what is best for its own re nuirements.' That was what they said. No fewer than five of the Parliaments of Australia 'iad petitioned in favour of the colony being divided into districts. Mr. Howe, whom he regarded as a Cbnserva Dive, said: — 'I can view this movement now its a thoroughly Tory one— a Con servative movement of the most rigid nature.' Mr. Symon thought the question Aould be 'left to the States Parliaments. A great deal too much weight seems to have been given to the argument that each State as a whole s&omd; be represented. . . . There may.' he said, 'be men who would nuke excellent Senators, who are comnaratively unknown in the more outlying districts, and it appears to me that on tbe whole, if you are to give effect to tue principle that you are to provide a means by which the people may select the best men, you will accomplish that in the most effectual way by aividim? your colonies into dis tricts.' The delegates were almost unanim ous that the colony should be cut up inn Uistricts. Ihey had heard it said that ail parties should be represented in the local Parliament, and that should also hold good for the Federal Parliament. Thev found that the leading organization of the Con servative Party was doing all it powin'y fould to keep the Labour Party from being represented at all. lie believed that wa* the move of the Leader of the Opposition. He was hoping that his money would ;ive him 'a better chance if the motion were carried. Though the Government knew how to rope in the Opposition at a critical ' hincture. Mr. Solomon would find that the Labour Party was not so easily led astray. They maintained that thev should have 1 Fair representation in the Federal Parlia ment. Tbat could be obtained only if they had the. colony cut up into districts, on 1 population basis. He had been delichtcd to look, at the map prepared by Mr. Bur- 1 gome, which, while it did not divide rh* ' colony, into districts on an exact popula- : tion oasis,' was as near as could possibly : j» arrived at, and most be satisfactory to 1 every member who wanted the rcpresenta- : ticn on the population basis. (Mr. Bat- ' :hdor— 'You have not looked at it. There j is a difference of seven or eight 'thousands - between the district?.') He had not seen ' any difference greater than 3.000 out of 1 J5,000. A Select Committee of. the House . could not arrive at a much fairer basis. ' He irould prefer the matter to be referred to » Committee appointed by the Govern- | ment outside tie House, composed of the ' Sheriff, possibly one of the Judges, and ' -eritap« the Sm-reyor-General or Sir I carles Todd. If the map did not divide ' &e; colony into electorates on a ~'-ulation ' -asis. tihen it vna far better to oppc«e tiie ' rontingent motion and refer the matter to J in independent vjommittee. (The Attorney- 1 ?Jeneral— 'Wnere are you?') He knew ' rbere he was, but he did not know w'ure - :he Premier was in regard .to .the' motion J le was prepared to support a motion which ' vould cut up the colony into equal elec| arates, and if not thai, then a motion ! 1 rhich would make a distinction between ;t he two Houses being elected on the r»om » ranchise. (The Attorney-General— 'What l Io you mean: ') That the Senite thoald « « elected by the colony voting as doc con- * tituency, and then, as the Premier stated t it tiie Convention, the individual .interests t night to be considered, and they ought to t iave a Houte o£ .ReprezenUtrrai /elect- t :d .by.-- the -colony bent , cut;' up into six or seven districts. .Then, after consideration of the words be had quoted, the Premier said there were difficulties in the way; there were advau :ieges.:and disadvantages. ; He (the speaker) could not arrive at a decision as to widen -wire tlie gr«U«^-tbe adv&ntAges; or the disadvantages. Every section. of the House; had had to ask thi Premier what' he meant. He (the speaker) was not. quite clear now, but he would support 'Mr. BatcheJor's amendment, and he was quite prepared to support a further motion that it should not be left to a Committee of the House to ? define the boundaries, but to an indepch- 1 dent Committee. They only wanted a re- j commendaiioA which they could adopt or | possibly improve upon. ,' I Mr. BURGOYXE said that when the Commonwealth BD1 was under discussion ! be carried an amendment, by a majority of - S or 10 in favour' of the ekctiou of tbej Senate by districts instead of die whole colony voting as ope district. However, the | Convention did not agree with it. If tho House considered it necessary to have dis tricts for the Senate, how much more ne cessary was it that there should bs districts for the election of th? Housk of Rrepresen tatives. because the Senate in itself would bave little cr no power? The House of Re presentatives bad to initiate legislation am to form the Ministry, which had the chief say in fixing the most important question of the Parliament— the tariff which was to be adopted by United Australia. In such a matter it was necessary that all interests and peoples should have a say, and. those in large centres of population should not bave a greater esy than others. It was true that on this big question our six or seven numbers would -have little influence, but it was possible that there would be a division among the representatives of the larger colonies, and that our members would have ths power of turning the scales in one direction or the other. If the ques tion turned on a manufacturers' or produ cers' tariff they certainly could claim that the producers of the .colony should have some say in the election of the members v/ho were to decide the matter. With%the colony voting as ope district tfaey could not hope to hive fair representation of the country. Tnere would be a large block vote in the centres of population, but the outlying portions of the colony would 01 disunited, and though one or two members wonld be strongly supported in two or three places where people knew tiiat they were to be trusted, their election would not ba secured, because that support would not be general or eoHd all over the country. I would simply mean that the men who hat kept themselves before the public would be returned. A man might possibly have been kept before the public by continual seeking and obtaining of ollice, or by con tinually opposing those who were in office. .Men of weaith would also bave an advan tage witd tiie colony voting as a whole, because they could atford to spend nionty, not ia actual bribery 0/ the electors, but in other ways which were equally effective. The power they had of distributing their views, especially by means 01 die Piess, was something enormous, and was such that the poor man could not compete with them. Mr.* Solomon had told them with l»erfect candour that if he had not spent aomethinylike £UXI he would never nave been elected to the Federal Convention. Then the man who had a strong organiza tion behind him would have a better chance of election Shan Che man who had none, although the latter miarht be well known in one district and would be the man above ail oUiers to represent tue people who knew him. He would support the amendment moved by Mr. liat-ciutor, because while he could not apply taut prin ciple to the election t-f meaiDers of the As c-umbJy, wbo passed measures which mate rially affected the producers, who therefore ought to be consulted, that objection wpuid uoi apply to the tame extent to the Fede ral Parliament, where most of the questions would be national ones, on which parties were more or Uss agreed. Of course, taerc would be exceptions, the most im portant of Wiiick miiat be the luritf. People in centres of popula tion might prefer a manufacturers' tariif. They wouid tuid tiiat .in nearly the whole of the i-ountry ditftrieis the people were in favour of something approaching very closely to free trade. While he hoped they would eudtavour to gtx as near a* they could to a practical population basis, Mr. Bachelor ir. his amendment oven did not go so tar &d; to insist upon what was impracticable, fcjr that would simply niton coot they would have a series ot districts exactly alike ia popu lation, because it would appear to him tiiat .t could not be carried out iu the orst in stance, and ii carried out it would be al urcd from time to time. His motion was contingent upon this motion being carried with or without amendment. .Mr. piles-; 'What has the CommiUce to consider il iiic motion slides it'') Well, if the colony were otic di.-;rr:l it wruid be purely ou a population basis, -rithoiit regard to the diiicTcnt interests represented. It the diLgie disu'sv.% w.-te adopted the llarc ?ptmce system should be carried out, for the result of single districts without that svsteta would be that a small minority of the electors, who were organized or be longed to certain parties, might be able by a minoritv to elect the whole number re quired, while a very large majority might be left, through being divided, with no re presentatives at all; and a large proportion of the .votes would ha wasted by division among men who uiigiit be known in xheir own districts to be the best men, but were not sutncicntly known all over the colony. If, however, tbc colony were divided into iliitricU, ir would give fair representation oi interests and political opinions, and, what was oi more importance, it WQuld five tbc electors the. opportunity of selecting the best ^'. men among those . wiio w-fe known . 10 thci.i. It was evident, however, that the division -f the colony into districts for the purpose couid iiut convenient}}- be done by ? tins House, and that was why h& had civea, notice for the appointment of a Select Cora inittce. llis Committee, with the informa tion obtainable^ would have no difficulty in uriving at a fur division and without nuk ing any new or arbitrary boundaries, oiareiy retaining those of the present elec toral distric!?. Iu order' to see whether that could be done he had. tried an ex i*ritaent.. 'He had prepared a rough plan— me showing 5 -districts to return C mem twrvand also one for C. district* to return 7 member*.' That plan would probably ap proximate to what the committee wight io, except -that the Houee . might . expect the resr.lt obtained by them to be more per fect and complete than that hasty ind imperfect- sketch of his. He roiild ? give the result of (he di vision be had made according to his mu,rh pbn, which was exhibited in tb« House. He proposed, as a first effort, in -rdcr to prepare for something better, that f they wore Co have six members for the louse of Representatives the colony should )e divided into five districts. No. 1 dis trict would consist oi four districts, with :wo members— Adelaide, Port Adelaide, East Torrens, and West Torrens. They vodd have a number on the roll at present rf O/..5W. The quota fur the six members, stimaring tho numbers now ou the roll at the last elections as 151,717, would be S.2SC. Xo. 2 district would be Sturt, taarlunsca, Mount Barker, Onkap.iringa, in.l Encounter B.iy, whose numbers, viz., !-\297. canie nearly exactly to the quota. So. 3 distrct wonld consist of Guioe ^ic!m, Barof.sa, \'i«i»ria, AJbert-, and uijrht, containing 23,521 elector?. (The Vrtomey - General — 'Was there a wtnjnnnity of interest between Mount ^ambicr and Eudnnda?') Yo«. S'o. 4 District would be:— Yatala, 3,170: IVooroora, 3,402: Burra, -J/»*3: Wallaroo, -,774; Yorke'« Pcnin«ula, 3,129: Stanley, j.750; total 23.777: aud No. 5 District: jladstonc, 8,380; Frr.me; 6.202; Newcastle, \Sl83; Flindcrf, 3,GSti. n-ith the Northern territory about 22.3X. While it would be mpos.«ible to arrive at a division of the 'resent district* which would be exactly ilikc, the division on tiic lines he had sug gested could be fairly claimed to be on a -opulation basis, while at the same time it vould give divisions which would have com non interest;, which would be able to se ect men whom they rould trust and whom hey knew. It was just possible they mighr ?equire seven member, and he bad gone ?oughly over the districts for that contin :oncy. In. that case the quota would b? 1,674. No. 1 District would consist of thf hree Districts of Adelaide, Port Adelaide, ind East Torreno. ? a- total of - 48,822, re urning two members. No. 2 District would k; West Torrens.- 8.7(54: Sturt, 12,119; Noar unga, 2,680: total, '23^63., Some people ob ected to the 'division because 'Xoarlunga rould be overshadowed by the others \ hile that might to some extent be the re idt, it wou*d 'W-t be , so to the extent inagiacd; because' of the 12,000 ttectors of -turt there were something like 4.000 or ',000 ofj them who -were coon try electors, Fhose interests would be almost identical rith Noarlunga. The other districts would »e:— No. 3— Mourn. Barker, Onkaparinga, 'acounter Bay, Vktoria,and Albert; total, 9,993. No. 4— Yatala, Wooroora, Gum«r cha, Barossa, and Light: total, 20,610. No. — Yorke's -Peninsulii, WalUroo, Stanley, nd Gladstone; total, 19,033: and No. C— turra, Frome, Newcastle,: Flinders, and rorthern Territory; total, 19.716. While e never '-.imagined the 'House would ike ths pku as the -basil of what was etually to,be done,' it showed that some limr-uke nniforra-dittnoU- could be pro uccd with little or no troobk. It would ww that the Committee would have some lung to base their work upon and induce kid to have districts divided upon some lii-g like a population basis. He hoped mt the motion would be carried with the mendment, and in order that some] bracticil result might be arrived at he hoped Uic loininiUee wuuid Iti appointed. lhuy might carry a' 'mo-' uon like that in the abstract wiLhout any result, and the motion U carried would bave no practical result uukas some one was appointed to carry it out. .-?? Mr. ULYM.N said Uiey snould thank fah« bon. member for the trouble be had taken ui the preparation of tho map, which lie bad done witii a considerable amount of an-' parent care and probable success, and had srhowu how -t was poesiblc, asniuuoe tiicy did divide the colopy into -districisi1 -lor IMpulntion in get a fair share. of rcpresenta* tion while preserving some reasonable share to local and producing interest*. On the as sumption that there would be six members, the city, utcordiug to tlw map, would have two, aau the power trf . returning two out of six would be the power of giving on the principle of persons apart Irom locality, Che. town a fair share : at , rcprc-staiuiion. Mr. Ilatchison mentioned that the prin ciple; of the Senate wu's«rtpiu*nution of the colony as a whole, and that in tbo di vifl'on of the colony subsequently into' dis tricts for the House, of Representatives the idea was to ja'vo local representation, which was simply the rcprewutitiou of geogra phical divcrsiijea of interests ind thought, lie was net in that, quite .oousutteat with the principle of representation of units, anj if they dhided the elector into population they conld not conjoin the two. In dwitzer land they tried and failed in an attempt to join the commercial and industrial interests with -ic unit thuory of representation. If Mr. Hutchison'? idea was to divide the colony, for the House of Reprtaentaiivvr, he couid not with due regard to locality have representation on a po pulation basil. . There, were, for -n stance, 70,000 electors for the seven city constituencies, out of a total of 150,000 in uie colony, and that would give- the city three members out of the six on- a nopuli tion basis. He understood tbe Labour Party were dissatisfied with two. (M.\ Pnce— 'Because we will not get two.'') I hat was a different matter. If they want ed to get representation in proportion to numbers they would not be paying due re gard to the producing and focai interest*. Ihcy might have population congested n the Central District to an extent that would give persons alone an undue prepon derance which on consideration members would consider not quite fair. It seein-d from the map they conld get two for the city, to which, as a maximum, few wou'd dispute their right, and it they could 1101. as Mr. Pnce suggested, thtu the mode of election was .wrong, and if it was wrong the Labour Parly should not go for a motion that involved the adoption of that mode lhat led him to some very important con siderations which had been overlooked. What they were doing wa* of course tenta tive, or temporary. It they adhered to the Convention cvsUm ot. having one district tor the_ whole colony, Uiey ? wero merely postponing the consideration .of the maiu question raised by the motion, and. the con sideration of sovcral involved and subordi nate ones .of very great importance, to which next to no attention had been given. Any principle of division adopted in tne passing of this motion, most result in oi! but one-district-oue-mcuiber repreientatiou, so that they, iu effect, ariirmed a.vurj' moo*, question, which had never been tested' ur settled by adequate debate. ? In- the hi ?t place, they were going to determine, as tin1 ctfect of divisidn, whether the principle of locality was to be. subordinate, and if ?o, to what extent, to --6{-ul&tiou;, and whether Mr. Batcbelor s theory was a correct onel He merely wished to point out that il was unwise to setue ultimate issues hastily, the first of which was .wiieUier population was to be the determining factor in the share of representation. If this motion was ear ned it would uot be adequately carried out, because they would have to adopt the prin ciple of single-member districts, which would at once give rise to very great diffe rences of opinion.' In America it had' prac tically led to the stining of the popular voice, liiere they were obliged to auoiit the caucus principle, which meant thai ine ejector* of each party- met before the elec tion, selected their men on the dictation of Uie 'luacume' wao worked tbe primary as sembly. 'Ihe 'machine,' which consisted of about a dozen men, was worked by a single boss, with the result that under- the one-member system the candidates practi cally never addressed the electors. They really worked the 'machine,' who worked the -primary assemblies. ' That was the ev'u of the principle of single-member districts. He hoped members would seriously consider this matter, and reincuber that those who ivcre in favour of effective voting could not go in for one-member districts, because such a (.-rinciple waa inimical to tiieir views. He defied any Committee at the heel of the ftttsion to dense a scheme of division tlut would suit all the members ot the House. I'iierefore. they might well wait a year or 30, iu order Ur have more time to think the matter over, lhere was j good dea) to bs said in favour oi the Srst liou*e oi licprescntativfcs bciog clect.nl by tiie wholi lolony. Lie iution.il lceling ou^ht cer tainly to bu rfcprvseotfd in tht- nr/t Federal Parliament, becauw ' the issues to be rct /xa noUiU oe cxcccui:ig.y im]K-rtaut. If the :ntire colony wted.Os one electorate, uic members chosen would probably he tested ind well-known politician*.' Men liks iJryce and Poster, who were the best and latest authorities oa the American Consti tution, &ad; that the larger districts were the better districts for giving representa tion to the Suites, and that \y1ien Connccti :ut and Massachu$eU were divided for tlie return ,01 -members, tor their rotpective States to the Sonattv there was a. degene- ration in Tie dutucter ot the repressnta Lives elected. Bryee' said:— 'After that di vision for the purpose* of the Senate the L-omposition of the ? Legi^laiurc declined.'' It was somewhat signilicant also that in s-me of the work*, he had reud on the L'ttfeision and Belgian Constitution* similar opinions were expressed. Uuder the Prus sian Constitutioii the members, though re (iimimI liv i4i«tr-i«--» must TOi-rf*ont tiia wnole state, to prevent tne cviis 01 loransui unicU cxtsled prior to liie diaftiny ot that. Constitution .in x 1SS*J. l'rior to that localism was somewhat rum pant. Why should they settle uow a divi t-ion, when they wore not sure, and would not be sure lor the next leu months, whe ther Ihcy would get six or seven rvpre&eu; laliv^s? Mr. Burgoynu wls to doubtiut tlwit he prei- arcd two maps. They cuidd not yet irame the thing with any accu rticy. (Mr. Peake— 'liie other colonies will be in the Mine position.') Not to thp same txlcnt. The average increase in t de- population of the cokxiicii ^vas 4 i»r cent, per annum, and it they applied tk.t to th present imputation ol \\\i-slcrn Auslniha and . Tasmania the? euuld not for several -cars to coma increase- their. - membership. The representation of the two big colonies was not. likely to be $0 disturbed as tiiat of South Australia, bu-ausc tbey had a lar ger number of districts, which would' bt smaller in arta. There wr« another mat ter. Suppose they, were going to have six members. Tlie Ministry told them that the Constitution would have to be recast within the next year or two. Why not wait, and endeavour to make a subdivision, so that they could make tue divisions of tie liotihf of Assembly a multiple of tkosu of the House of l'eprestniatives? If they had thirty-six districts' for the Assembly they would have six for every ooc in the House of Representatives. They could, therefore, use the electoral rolls of the House of As sembly for the pumast of die elections lor the House of lteprcsentalivcs. Thosu were considerations of exceeding great' impor tance, and if they were all weighed isitrelj they were sufficient to compel them to }x-«i- pone the whole matter until alter the elec tion. . Mr. PIJICE agreed to a certain extent with Mr. Glynn tltat they should hasten slowly. His uttitudc on the question M'af actuated by the intercfiU of Ins parly and the eilcrt it would have on it. He had no s--mpathy with those people who stood up and said' they were acting from a grand and national point of \iew. At the election for federal delegates the Labour Party was totally disfranchised. l*ruvidentia!ly, ii was perhaps Uic best thing that could have happened, for probably they would not now have the liberal Constitution they had, be cause the presence of Labour members would have aroused the antagonism of the other parly. The difference between the 17,000 polled by the top Labour man auo the ipXO obtained .byvtl»e; man *t'ibe head of the poll WM'repreimited'^by 'the waver ing-'Lfberal*, who'.hesitatedyta 'give/ft' la bour nian m'vote;,''Altliougil5defe»ted at the. . Federal «. Cpaytntion; - elcetibii. ? he '. rtill believed. hnplicitly_-ih the colony: oang. one electorate; Ife war tie' only ; way iheir poo plei.would; obtain^- direct; intere»4',in tlit r«pf^bt^m,%;Hpu^jBi,JRep«i*nta lives..; Ho could not'belpit that.tbe'Conset vatives:W]ere^n:flHf^aamet:nd£. 'Jtiie: looked with great 'BUtpieJon'upoi the- proposal to divide ? the colony ?into-'districts.- - On' the plan drawn up by Mr. Burgoyne no Labour man would get a. chance. Take the Central District as an instance, Tbe Premier would po in top of tbe poll. It would be a crime if he were left out The innate honesty and gratitude, of the koour section of the community would not allow him to be left out The Second seat would be secured -y tbe uolid -vote of tbe Coos^jvative Party, and the direct labour rcpresen tative would- ^ have.: no? chance. It would bo tbc same in the other district*. Phey; could look \ at it in' a -different bent I iAe» they came- to N«w'.8dutii- Wales and Victoria. ' Those' colonies 'did 'hot hive a one-horse city or; centre, ofpopulanon bke in and around Adelaide. Tbe labour vote waa spread more. The labour representa tion of New South Wales did. not come from in and around Svdney, but from coun try constituencies like Newcastle, which cere able to return labour men in defiance -f tie agricultural . elements that surroun ded them. It was altogether different in South Australia, - because tLe labour vole practical!/ 'ended at Adelaide. Port Ade laide, West Torrccs, Port Pine, and Wal laroo. .Woilst. he could tolerate a Libenil or a L'&iTal;, Conservative, lie desired an«l i would fight' for 'fee diroot representation iu the; Fedenl Parliament of uie party he rcpresoBteti.-.'ii1- tfiat Hoiwe. The only , chance bt getting* tiiat was by a collct-tivo vote.iof: the districts m and around Ade laide and Port Pirie and WaHaroo.. Tiic noiiome -dra.wn up by Mr. Grainger would [not benefit the Labour Party; nor had any ; tiling that member kid ever proposed bent lited/.t'ieui. Tha beA Uiuc Mr. Graingvr dad ever done for ihat party was when lie : tried to get Jimmy Sbaw in and to i'.c 'prive Jimtny HutoJuson of his s.-:it J!r. Gruinger nuv-r had a desire to liclp the i liberal labour vole of the colony. The hon. I member, had some oUicr motive, and he Honked 'upon it v.itb suspicion^ 1 Mr. : GRAINGER— Something like tbo advertisement ,yw quoted Irom the 'Hawk' wiieh was never tlicrc. Jlr.^KlCE-;! say it was there, and the 'ion. member is telling a deliberate fa!;c 1 aood w'v.-n he f avs it was not. I The .SPEAKKK-:Ord».T. .The hnn. nirin be'r is not in order in accusing another hon. member of telling a deliberate falsehood. Mr. i'lUnS-I withdraw it. Mr. GUAIXGER— Yon admitted it to tin yourself. Tho SPEAKER— The 'ion. member Ind behcr du-TURs tlve motion. Mr. PKiCE— Tlie hon. member ha« .1 nice liabit of making statements like i'.i-it without foundation so that they will .-'.)? pear in tbe Pre»s. Mr. OnApCGER-Yon admitted if. Sir. PRICE— I never admitted anything to you in mv life. Mr. OUAlYOKR— Y«-: you did. Mr. PRICE— Never. My v.x-rd is as good ihe'sPEAKKR-Will the hon. mciiibcr pirn*: di^iiT lie motion? Mr. PlIICK. continuing, said Ino mu-h had bpen mr.de of money natter.'. A man to nave n scat in tLe Fcd-ial Parliaircnt ought to scivc bis apprcut:re ship in the local Parliament, which fhrcild be the hteppiag-stone to something highrr. That was the reason why_ he would sup port Mr. Solomon's motion Io . jin^'fiit people from having two or throe bill. t-. .The man who had served tbc country v. II in thr heal Parliament would have tho best chance of getting into the Fedev.il Parliamcs'.t. He had an iinmcntc .i.Iv.mi- J tacc in .-jilinp in the Ilou^e and lm ir;; ^f 'Hansard*' ci:culated throughout the i-enn- ~ try. He had a great advantage over tl.o man who \mntcd to put him out. becnu : ht could speak to the electors long boiWj - the elections cumc on, especially iu tht: last session. (Mr. Solomon— 'We are nil gni!iy to come extent.') He had no fyiiifiaih.v with U*ie Promier'a hi-falutin. when, with a v-ave of the band, he cille.l upon any mcinhcr to get up ana expose any cor ruptiuu dint lie knew hnd tai-eii plarc Corruption did exist, and it could not l*» l'trt- down by the Electoral Cmle. They who did not have the money knew it only too. well. Tucy had to de])end on the ni thusianai ct the members of Iheir party, who woiked horostly n-ithmit pay. and w«in saw the r;ibs of the other mde rolling almi; filled with' voters for the poll*. He hi licved it was more difficult to bribp a fmall constituency than :i large one. They hail only to lock at Kucounter Bay, in which district corruption was rampent at a it cent rlcetion, wbirfi wa« proved by iho fart that a Commit tee of the Ilot!sc tri scatcil one of the members. To promise a certain amount of accommodation at .1 station and t-i olTer one's solnry lor im provemrnt of Ihe district would get a man in, hut Kiii-h was not the eve in a large district.' Mr. (iraingcr said tli.it according to the Klee'.oral Code £4,000 could be t-pent on one of iIjl-mj laigc districts. He did -iot want £4.000 5f*nt on it. The only vay bis party could get representation was io stirk to the leiitrc-c where the vote wax. If he knew tiiat he could get his views bciom the electors in and around Adelaide, and at Pert Pirit!, Wallaroo, Moonta, and IVtrrr burg, they conld have all the rest of the country. It, addrtion to tho.-e centres tlieru was always mi ouUide sprinkling of people who, thank Cod, were not crammed with the agricultural statement tiiat the Labour members wantrd to destroy everybody iind everything. He would tell his people lhat there was no good in this division. Tlmy could bring thrir forces upon the centres ot population with a certain amount ot cn--r, and there was a possibility of commuiiir.it iug their view.' through the Press to the enlightened ' Liberal, who, unfortunatply, had Io live iu unenlightened centre* like Light and other plarc3. Some ohoje to ifMik at it from «i naUonal standpoint; he ii'ui'd to be pai-uihial and small, becausv h-: w.mii cd to set: one or two labour representative in t!:e federal Parliament. (Mr. Piuko— 'Wutiid you go in for phimriniiV'i 11« siid honestly and fearlessly thsu it it in-fl!it K!T-..^r.tation for him Uv would l'!uin;i, anj u-L-iiniac-nd every o:ie ol Ins t-arty to do it uUo. 1'irat lie r%-ouKI :n!u the Uilonr man along with bira, and next he uo'jld tike the rno.it liberal man, unless Le tiw riieh tactics as were employed at tbe last elections, where the Labour candi dates were left' entirely alone, and the hesi tating and mistrustful Liberal dropped iho Labour luan, but took all the assistance he could yet. He would not be misled by the amendment for having the colony divided on a population basis. Hu took hU stolid there, and said thit the only representation for the Fede ral Piulitmcnt was men and women. Hie Constitution us it was framed had no other cj-iiAderatio:i than men and women. Were they, as a local Parliament, going to deny iTjtm-clves of a certain amount of tiiat repre.-ontutiju that they had a right to 1111 dtr tilt- fYdtial Constitufcicrn because ot' lMtty jealousies in ihe local Parliament, llu-y we-rc toeing to do that though by adopting such a plan as they had sutu mv ^-ntcd ta ihcm. lie nut it that thirtv-iiur ineMiiocrs ot uiis nouse were c.cetcu i-y j-.liUd ptoijJe, and lhat seventeen were e!oc wd by 2J.OOO. Look how they were rc|»re fi'!ite-l th-;-re— Ivost, Adelaide, with a tutal vote, had S.061 oluctors; West Ado!ai.!.\ u,U0U; Kust Torruw, 15, HO; Sturt, U,l«;-3: vVotdi'OM, 3,302; Newcastle, 4,-J61; and .Wl'ucrn Teriviory, toil, with two niiMn uoVs. l'-vin of pojnilation wna a plnnk n.pon which lu- was elected, and he would be iiu :nie to iii-j ifrinciplcs if he were led into Voting for ' tai* ' resolution 'as it anpsaivd . \V'hcn Be- heard tho Premier's rcmarus, and hcanl mU'rjtctiou* from -Mr. Foster thai it would be a terrible thing to huro tvprc -ontation on a population basis, and un-n he mx the hon. member again drawing ai) that jurticiilar division of district* ? (Mr. Fcstw— ''I did not draw it up.') Tli.it plan was, no doubt, submitted to hon. members in tiic Country Party's room, ami no doubt it was fixed up there. It was pin. tbat they wore to have two meinbus lor the fen cm] Division, repfvseating elcotoidl disrrirti with 57,506 electors. (Mr. Fosirr ^ —'?Two Labour memijers.') I'nderl.vine ^ the whole federation movement, wiiiol: e-aine into txittencs after tbe maritime strike, was a deliberate attempt in rcrt-iin quarters to strangle the labour movement-, and uis scheme of disivion of districts w.i.- going to HfaapJe tfcemcompletel.v, ami en tirely take away what they had fought !tai J for, organized, and built up. He v.m'A point out that the Right Hon. C. C. Kiiic 3ton. in the Central Division, with a stroiv, meek and mild Conservative arsoeiatid with him, would wipe the floor with 41 r.y labour man who put up. This was ?? sop lurown cut to Mr. liitchelor. wiio hud 11.1 chance of getting in under such u system. In hU -r.wu district of Sturt, for inst-mrc, Ik; found combinations existed for the deiV.a of fbe bbour man. His colleague got l,;M votes of a combination from people of tin; lukewnrm liberal class tlwc would- m-i trust the laiwur men. They sliould not ?- ir rifice the labour cause by going for divi sions as advocated. lie made bold to -ihni!; to l'ie |K.-»plu outkde, and to direct them in the way in which they should go, and lie again asked them not to tike the vol.; that night. The question was too serious, and had not been tunieiently debated In be finalized that evening. The Premier him self did not know where he was. He wu* strongly in favour of proportional voting. Tiie labour section itad rcpresetrtnUuii there. But in America and other couturier, where they had not bean able to gel re presentation, his people were coming fa»t \x- the wisdom of proportional voting. And tJw conservative section were also -Q-ing that the-* wanted represenlarion oa tho basis ot population. If this resoluti.in, with Mr. Batchclqr's omendntent, meant clearly and emphatically that the mcmbt'- voting for it did so for reprcsentatiou' on a population basis he should be found vot ing against them. If it wore Ukc the M-nonie exhibited in the Houxe it was n«» thing more lhan a trap, and he would ra ther trust ma intcrerts to tine whole colony, where be would have the coiRv lave vote, tb«n he would trust himself to be wiped out entirely by district*. If tin iibcral Country Party were dircctlv i-;-- poscd to representation on a p«^)UiaL:.-n ba«s let the House, know it exactly. 1 1 «? iskcd for more time, to tiiat he might, sp- !-eal'to°his party outride, and the* party in trhioh hcrw&s; bterestcd. Bccaufe he wa* 1 representative of Sturt he was not com ^ to bind the Labour Paiiy of the colon v, irMch was. a united party* and drew ii* For remainder of Parliament see. page 3. J Priatcd asd pobuibed dtily by Bobert Ktfiis rbooui, at tbe OflUtt of 'Tbe South AosttiUiiB itfiHtr,' 'Tbe Erentaf Jounul,' and 'Th* Iddaid* OtMerrar.'- r.rtnltlt-rtri«t. Adtlald^ rhere tortxtiietotaii, ?vdenu aid fn?nn'''intfpw n nceirM. 