BRITISH AND FOREIGN. 1 ECHOES FROM LONDON. LONDON, October C. STORMS AND WRECKS. The elements are taking a aavBge revenge for having been 00 completely kept m check during the months of euthmer and early dava of autumn. Two or three weeks ago the "heat and drought which had pre vailed almost without intermission since June were suddenly succeeded by heavy rains, dense logs, and mists, and an un pleasantly low temperature-aiarbrngera, it is shrewdly suspected, of a severe winter. These things were bad enough, especially ior Australian visitors, who had been de luded by the long continuance of clear aun uliinv, not to Bay hot, weather, into think ing tiiat the British climate had b^m be lied, but worse remained behind. Lm i ra dav laat the fiercest winds in the cave ot Eolus seemed bo have been let loose on the British Isles and surrounding seas, ana aa an accompaniment to their revels there were blinding etornw of ram, deafening Deals of thunder, and lightning flashes, ex ceeding in frequency and vividness any thing witnessed in these latitudes for many a long day. Gloomy, indeed, have been the records appearing in the Press of acci dents on land and disasters at sea. _ l£e full fury of the gale was experienced m the English Channel. Many a vessel was re duced to desperate straits, and not a tew had to succumb altogether. Happily the loss of life was, in the aggregate, compara tively small, but here and there individual Bailors, and in two or three instances aa many an five or six in a body, fell victims to the tempest. The most harrowing of all the fttoriea of the conquests or the hurn cane is that told concerning the crew, five hi number, of the galley punt Conqueror, which put off from Walmer Beach in answer to the signals of distress of a ehip lying off Deal, which turned out to be the barque Carmellv. By some mischance the little craft bent upon its humane mission was carried against the protruding gear of the barque, and immediately iinea and broke up. The men, although expe rienced in rescue work, and some or them at all events able to swim, found it im possible to battle successfully with the waves, or perhaps to free themselves from the wreckage of their boat, and all were drowned. This was on Saturday last, and for forty-eight hours at least after the lata] occurrence the storm raged almost without ceasing, not only alo,ng the eastern shores of Great Britain, and al»o in, the eouth and in the Irish 8ea, particularly m the neigh bourhood of the Isle of Man, where some uniall ships were engulfed, and where many a stately barque was with difficulty kept afloat. During the early hours of Monday morning the Eliza Esbjerg ran on to the C.irr Rocks, situated four miles east oi North Berwick. The vessel went to the bot tom, ilier boats were smashed, and all on board perished. AN OVERFLOWING TRKASTRV CI I EST. _ The Chancellor of the Exchequer, in mbmittdng las Budget some months ago, deemed it prudent to provide addi tional sources of income. Experience has nhown that there was no occasion for anxiety on his part. For years the Govern ment has had the benefit of a buoyant re venue, and -still the tide of the financial prosperity of the nation flows apace. Dur" iriz the June quarter the receipts exceeded by £1,805,932 those for the corresponding three months oif 1898, and during the Sep 1 prober quarter the increment amounted to £1 089 571. Thus the position at the close of 'the' first half of the year was roughly speaking better by three and a half millions Hterling than it had been twelve month.-, previously, freeing that Sir Michael Hicks Beach calculated that the total increase for 1899-1900 would only be 1.1KJU, be, metaphorically speaking, stands noon velvet. Nor is the advance which has taken place attributable to any f»rrpeir> 1 windfall or other adventitious cause, pverv one of the leading lines has been more productive than aforetime. Suez 1 ami shares and sundry- loans are set down I or the si\' months at £492,.>48, or an in crease of £70,290. Truly a splendid invest ment is the country's purchase of the Khe ilive's interest in the Canal proving. Were ir not for the knowledge that he will have to find .several millions of pounds sterling in connection with the troubles in South Africa the Chancellor of the Exchequer would,' according to present appearances, ind in spite of heavy increases m expendi ture. liave an embarrassingly large surplus on the Slut March, 1900, in hand. I'ltOFKSSOR MAX MULU'.R ON RELIGION IN INDIA. 'Hiat grfafc scholar, Professor M-ax Mul ler, has written a letter to Mr. I'. C. Mo poorndar, the leader of one of the Brahmo Soinn.jes in India, w*hic'h reveals his ear nest adherence to the Christian faith and his strong de-sire to gather some of the pro foundly cuidite and deeply religious men of the i'ii-t into the fold. Mr. Mozoomdar is the successor of Keshub Ohnndraden, who earned on the work- of Ham Mohuri Roy, t'he founder of the Brahmo Sornaj. This cull subscribes to a theistic doctrine, the principles of ?which are embodied in ex cel pts from the Koran, the Yedas. and the Tirnatika, as wcdl as the Bible, and other Ber.pt'ires-in fact, it. adopts the noble and the cood from all systems, of whatsoever creed. Such liijrh eclectic-ism finds a Hyri'jia^liizer in the great philological pro fessor, who says:-"You have given up a {Treat deal-poly theism, idolatry, and your elaborate sacrificial worship. "V ou have sur rendered also, as far as I can judge, the cbrni of Divine revelation which had been Fu c-1 re fully formulated by your ancient theologians in nupjyorfc of the truth of the Vedas;" and he pleads witli the Tndian thinker to ncepl at once and in tot-o the whole Chris tian dr>rtrin\ "I have told you already," he writes, "that K fish lib Chandra. Sen, in intimale conversation, told me that to all intents and purposes he was a disciple of C!ir;-'t. arid when I write to you (Mr. Mo v. ; jnidar), arid when I think of you, I can not reMit the feeling that you, too, are a true follower of Christ. \Ve agree in the f .-(ritials of religion, and Christ Himself }uvs summed up His Gospel for us: 'Thou f-di dt. love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and wit.h all thy soul, and wiith all 1hy mind, and thou shall love thy neigh bour ps thyself.' Have you one word ta s.iv against this?" \V)iile the "Professor depreoates the as sumption of the names and fashions of the vinous Christian sects, and tells his friend to '"have nothing to do with Popes, Bi shop?. priests, ministers, et hoc genus orine " he goes on to remark-"In your r.ise I should certainly say, try whether you cannot join the Church of England r.S lav members, but have nothing to do with their ecclesiastical constitutions, and keep al">of of all diroussions on so-called orders or their validity." Then follows a state ment of the Professor's personal attitude Inwards the Church of England, which will be appreciated by those who think with Mr. Kensit at this time of conflict and un rest: I am mvvlf a rlpvofprl mem nor of the Ensrlisli &liuroh.; l>ecaii»e I think its members enjoy greater freedom and more immunity from priestcraft than tW- any other Church. Thero are, no doubt, many things in that Church also that.still re^'^ reformation. But, though we are not. altogelhsr free from the evilB that seem inseparable froroi th« wUbYuhment of any priesthood, we have.throw off many o* the hideous accretions which near f took the life out of Christianity during the long night of the dark <*?*. The real Church, you Should remember before you take any 8tej» towlid framing a constitution of your own, consists of U)8 laity alone. It is the laity that appoints its ministers, but those original ministers, rich m human nature, have almost invariably become the masters of their masters. If a clergyman were to ZX:with you, or even to -» you, vou have the right, as a Uyman, to cite him before the civil tribunals of the land, an I they would aUow no privileges to a pnest, nor even to a Bishop or Archbishop. ... >?».* members of the English Hair oh are 5 free, and 1 have never regretted having joined it. Tlie new attempts at fettering my freedom ot thought and speech completely as you may remember. I never could honestly have become a member of the Anglican cleTgy, though it, is noi for me to judge the consciences of the many ex cellent men that have joined their ranks. Bub Mr. Mozoomdar cannot e«e eye tjo eyfl with the good old Professor in regard to tihe Established Ohurch. He savs in a note:-"In Indian Christianity the ChurcJn of England has no other distinction than its State revenue, its ecclesiastical govern ment, and its proud exclusiveneas; the les sen ters and Roman Catholics are more ftpi ritual." The close of Max Muiler s letter is marked by a strong nnd urgent appeal: "You want no persuasion to become ft fol lower of Christ. Then make up your rnind to act for yourselves. Lmtie your 'f<)ek, and put up a few folds to hold thein to gether and to prevent them from stray ing. The bridge has been built, for you by thewe Who came before you. Step boldly forward. It will not break under you, and you will fiind many friends to welcome you on trie other shore, and among them none more delighted than your old friend and fellow labourer." This remarkable hitter may be sympathetically received by his old friend, but what will be it.* effect upon tne Brah inos'' Professor Max Muiler admits that great difficulties he in the way to hinder the acceptance of a new religion- loss f Lte, separation from relation,- ami fnernfc ?-in fnct, the tearing asunder of al be dear ties that make life endurable. But the J r<> feasor is hopeful. "From my pom1:. of view K at least; the best pan of it, is already converted to Oliristiamty . tl his recently published "Auld Lang ^ync' Second Series," he further inakes referenca to this matter, expressing the opinion .i a this country of the myotics is now ri e'to a form of Christianity, the ferment.,it.on ot thought that has gone on for a long t.me among its religious men having unsettle tihein in old beliefs. HOI'IC FOR CONSUMPTIVE PATIENTS. Sufferers from pulmonary complaints can not fail to be interested and grati acd too. y a perusal of the latest report of the J e cal Kegistrar of the North London Hospi tal on the subject of the open air ^eatment of consumption. It shows that of t e cases which have been dealt with since e beginning of the year 4.3./ per cent, lett the institution to return, m the ma,oiity of £»», to »w». .« I«,r ««'? T»1 * distinct improvement, and i .6 a ^h>t provement, wliile 4-3 per cent, derived no advantage from the treatment, and 3.9 p< r cent., or presumably four of died. 'J he report sets forth:-- H at it is a common occurrence for patients to It U,e hospital with extensive signs of disease nnd to leave, atter nine or ten weeks, with no sign oi active, disease an J an increase of n stone in ^, ) ? rPa> callv all carlv eases improve under the treat, merit. A proportion of these go, to con valescent homes, and nearly all^ r,,urn to work. A large, number of the k P nr. a correspondence with tne. medi<ai ^atr, and none of these who markedly >Tl»;Ted and followed out the hygienicpi m l,lies taught there has shown any Mgn-, ot lapSe- .TACK T.Ul'S KNF.MIKS. The name and fame of the I'mMi has been sadly besmu died atel.\ by , . \ action of the crow 0 V ,, klI steamer Scotsman, wrecked in the ^ Straits, at the mouth ot tne Lain.nee. The 'hip struck the rocks at about 2 o clock a rn on September '21 in a th.i.r. r. passengers tumbled pell-mell on to Uedcck and a scene cf oonfusion amUnxiety ensu.d, such as has been described ony too fre quently. The captain and od cr , a -ted bravely and responded to tne di,hm,,v <1 ^ r;;:, %'ji UuitTV. The passengers a-sMcd th..ni n launching the boats, one ot whieh h - with women, was swamped ami 1 < ^ T the occupants drowned. jhe t f,,| of death, at tune oi wnting bad rochf J fifteen, four more having died tan > .? ' posure. A. passenger telling .is dr ad, u experience says tn.it he worn ei ec at tn. absence, cf some ot the crc.^, « hen Un , ? ? sistanee was - b.uby needed, 1 on ? into Ins cabin he tounil a >».nl->i rifling his baggage, dhis loot'ng lir^U'sh ral throughout, the *>')>. 111)?; e,j crew' For five days and mgh.s rt cm ivissen^er- were aimo-t unshe,tcrcd on a rocl-v island during which time t.ie h^ot 1 ^ -who had got at the sp.r.ts on IS'mgs, amf hunting women and says---'1 went, down the ladders on to tlit. beach and passed an old ^1'- a 'lf lionaire, fitting on a reck i ^ h r ^ bur," 1*- aloAi", but he took no not,;.... ». «c were'taken to Quebec, while, t.se others re turned to tircat Britain, some ot tne btfneaTgtheh"e 'Inhuman wretclics were brought before the M<ixt-tra.^s a* ^ pool" on Monday,, eharged ^t.h hayn S^-oJsi'with the alternative of a month's imprisonment, So o ^ five, were sent to gao tor a mon , wi' h hard labour. In tne. absence of di rect evidence of larceny against the men the charge seems the only one that coidl be preferred against them, and even t is mio'or c'harge would not lie in Qu pen stow , The return ship's first port of call. Liver pool h««« local Act by which the ease w,n rnet but onlv with the disapp<aintmg r>e nalt'v mentioned. The other miscreant* >10 tieed the uniformed police a.«a;t'.ng t < >. arrival at Our.V.ec, «nd threw th-y .11 gotten booty into the river, probably escaping pun.shmerrt aitoge, ncr 1 nis gra oof til episode of ttie rr^r. . .. ^ ^ thit compl-aint-^ of t.nett ,w rooms were made after the reciii oi on Australian liner. _ _ KIU.KD IN TRVIXO T<") t T.'S . Tlie. endeavour to solve the F'r"r,,?"V? pm,",S,r.n ' 1,1TS ''T that was not unmixed with ridicule frpm Borne of_ the unsympathetic. But BciehtiflC"" mra believe ffuceeas will eventually be at tained, and from tame to time improve ments are introduced on each previous idea by enthusiastic experts, who spend labour, money, and thougnt oyer the matter. No lestt an authority than Mr. Hiram Maxim has expressed his opinion t)hat the thing can and will be done, and he saya that much progress has been recently made. An experiment Inst week by one of the most advanced of aeronauts has added another to the list, of men'who have given up their lives in the pursuit of au idea. Mr. Percy Pilcher, a young man of means, who had held the position of lecturer on engineering at the Glasgow University, and who was also at one time assistant to Mr. Maxim, had constructed a machine on the design by Lilienthal. This invention resembled a great eagle, its two wings being covered by 170 feet of sailcloth, with a tail which acted as the rudder. The frame was made of bamboo, from which extended many wires, efter the manner of the ribs of an umbrella. The young scientist had made several par tially successful flights with his machine on previous occasions, and a party met at Lord Braye's residence, at Rugby, to wit ness another essay last Saturday. He had before ridden on the wind for something like a hundred yards, and a greater- success was anticipated. A strong wind was blow ing, and some of the more timorous coun selled a postponement of the trial; but as Mr. Henniker Heaton, M.P., was present, it was decided to go on. A start was made, and when Mr. I'ilcher had gone about 150 yards at a height of some 30 feet, the cross bar of the wings broke, and, the machine turning upside down, fell upon the unfortu nate man. He lingered for some (lays, and died without recovering consciousness. The manner of his death was precisely similar to that of Li'lirjithal in Germany in 1890. The French and the American Government are now conducting experiments with simi lar machines, and this last fatality may teach them something, although the lesson of Lilienthal's death would seem to have been lost. Connected with this topic is the mewe that a buoy has be?n picked up on the coast of King Charles Island which wbb marked "Andree Expedition." , Dr. Nane'en believes that it must have been thrown out of the missing explorer's balloon &s; super fluous ballast. All hope 'that Andree ana hig pastv are alive has long since been aban doned. THE OXFORD GHOST. An extraordinary story comes from Ox ford which will tax the credul'ty of many- and tickle the palate of . lovers of the mysterious and creepy. For some time an uneasy belief has prevailed among certain people in the Uni versity town that a certain house in the vi cinity is haunted, and it has therefore re mained untenanted for a lengthy while. Lately a philanthropic young lady arranged with two lasses in the Salvation Army to occupy the place-which could be had for a small sum-jointly with her. On the, first night of residence there strange noises, an of the moving of furniture, were heard, and accordingly preparations for the detection of trickery w*re made. The stairs were cov ered with flour, that footprints of intruders might be shown, and paper was pasted ovi: the fireplaces. The house was carefully watched by the police from \vithout. Next night the young lady encountered a tail fe male in a long grey robe, and she pluckily barred her progress, as she thought, by standing in her path.. The form passed through her, up the staircase, and vanish ed. All three saw the apparition. On the following night the young lady was up stairs, and the two Salvation Army girls were in the parlour below. Suddenly screams came from the latter, and the philanthropic young person, in hurrying to her friends, met the t.all female aforesaid on the stair, whb again j "went through her." Well, the dauntless ' young person went on to t,ne parlour and found it'lle Army ladies- one in convulsions, the other in a faint. One lias Rince died, I and the other is demented. If this talc: came from the back bloeka of Aufrtjralia the dramatis personae would be suspected of having been filled with new wine-thia »ea SOTi'e vintage. But coming as it doea from Oxford, the seat of light amd learning, who ifliaU darie Ad doufot it? I had aimoet ior gotten 1jo add-which addition may account lor much--that the "Daily Ohranaele" pre faces ihia very «h uefrd ery piece of reading with tie words:-"A correspaadxait sends ug following' AH tastes require to b» catered for. Hut there is nothing said about* any long, low hollow wail, - and the tall female doe« not seem to have beckoned in the manner usual to properly trained I ghosts. Hamlet's father sighed, but pos sibly only male ghosts indulge in sighs, as the operation jn his case evidently involved much physical exertion. Any^vtay this ghost is only in her novitiate. DRUNKENNESS IN A "GOTHENBURG" TAVERN. The Adelaide advocates of what is known ns the Gothenburg system will be grieved to hear that the Fox and Pelican, Gray ehott, the first inn in the country to make trial of this method of.hotel management, has fallen from grace. On Tuesday last the liceneee, or Manager, of the house waa charged at the Alton Petty Sessions for permitting drunkenness upon his promises. In vain it \va.s pleaded that the offender was, at all events, not very drunk, ant tjhai as the eyes of the world were upon the experiment that was being tried by the Grayshofel, District Refreshment Associa tion, the Magistrate?, before convicting, should be satisfied that every possible care had not been taken to conduct the business properly. The Court, evidently influenced by the fact that the man charged with ine briety, who had been seen leaving the rox and Pelican, had had to be carted to his home two miles away on a wheelbarrow, decided that it was bound to inflict a pe i 'malty, although a light one. The manage | ment, it was admitted, had endeavoured to a certain extent to prevent drunkenness, but it had not been sufficiently vigilant. STKON"G-MIM)i:i> (U'AIiniANS. The T^eireeter Hoard of Guardians lias the courage of its opinions. It does not believe in vaccination, and, therefore, haa not appointed a vaccination oflieev. The Local Government ikiard, or the authority I epres-eritrd iri the 'Ministry by its 1'resi (]( nt, and which controls Boards of Guard ians' han applied for a mandamus compel ling it to inake the appointment, and the High Court has issued a peremptory order. The Loice.st.er people are taking great in terest in the matter, and they turned out in large numbers to listen to the delibera tions of their local champions. It was e.v plnined that the Guardians knew perfectly well the risk they ran in declining to obey the mandamus- they would go to gaol, lint they decided to stand to their guns, and bade the Lacal Government Hoard do its hes-t or worst. An amendment thai thev s-hould bow to the inevitable wis lost. It was suggested that the Minister might appoint a hostile officer over their heads, but some one pointed out that if Mr. t liap ]in c:»uld have settled the question thus by a Mrnkc of the pen he would have done so. The question is of vital interest, fo>. local government and its adoption in Hri fas/i colonics is the key of English contentment and the independence of the national cha racter. Developments arc awaited. Oi.LA I'ODKinA. A cer'^nn Vicar and Master of Arts was ashamed of the condition ol the Chuivh property--Nt. .John the Haptis! s, Haw tho.n Hank- but no fir.ids for renovation were available. He, therefore, announced that if the people would provide the paint, he would be the painter. A hundredweight of paint came in response, besides consider able varnish, and two guineas from a Wes leyan gentleman who hid develojied an ad miration far this ma-tcr of the art of se'lf help. The Vicar is going into his work with much vigniK, only st/ippirig for tlie ram. This is the kind of man to save money for the Church. What a treasure be would be ,'ia an iipciumtry pnstma^ter in Australia. Those officials occasionally get tjie paint supplied by the Government. T.rider the Vicar's plan that expense would he saved, and the surplus paint might be .sent on to headquarters, Man collect.:ng most paint might be mentioned in Budget speech. Nome real poets cannot, always wi'ite to o.dcr as witness the Poet Laureates "Jamie'-on's Hide." .Hut others can throw off verses like shavings from a-plane. ^ A , lady named Miss .Jane Oakley writes poetry and pays for its publication in ^the advcrtiwmeni. column of the '"limes." (he writer of the eauscrie in the "Illustrated London News" appealed to her to write something to save the. moustaches of men in the Kr.t Army - "Tho^e silken long | rnmi.-.tacdies will vanish from the Guards, j dear Miss Oakley, unless your inspired mils; makes them sprout again," wrot-c the ^ jocular jonmab'-t. In a few days some , verses appeared ' Hy request v, rjtten and inserted u\ the 'I uues, vide lllustiated London News.' " Her-j are two stanzas: - Has riot wsriike flerw adornment Hclpffl the nile in home and camp! Tin's .1 i.true 1 inn, on rrvirw pmind, If removed, would iirduiir rlnrnp. Should the (Jwards fare "slui'C.v Ron's" This m-vv mode they must disown; Foes would forward women re^imollis, Thinking we had sent our own. The price of the ''limes'' is only three pence. The Court of Governors of Owen's Col lege, Manchester, has made a forward step in the direction of recognising woman's rights. At a meeting of the Court, held on Tuc;.day, on the motion of Sir U. K. Shut-*' tie worth, seconded by Dr. Ward, it was resolved by a majority of 21 to 2 that suh jeet to proper conditions, and to the possi bility of adopting satisfactory provision for separate insti action in such eases as might be decided upem, it was desirable to admit women student's to the course of study which would qualify them for medical de grees and practice. The "Daily Chronicle"' has dug an old lady namerl Miss ifoiuldsworth, aged 102, out of oblivion, and made her speak in a special article. The dear old soul was born in the old village of Chipping Norton, where her grandfather kept an old-fashioned post ing inn. One day old George III. rede up with an attendant, and the latter enquired | whether they had any old hock at the hos telry. The serving-woman came to the door, and replied "No, old bloke! Lveryining I in the article is old-even the slang word j bloke is getting on. The worthy lady snows her attachment to> old things by sticking | to her maiden name. With the initial let- | ter cut off it should he worth retaining ! from this point of view. The National Telephone Company intend I to alter their telephone system from the i beginning of next year. Lnder the. new plan, instead of each subscriber paying an equal amount irrespective of the irse he makes of the instrument, the penny tee plan will be inaugurated fof the. benefit of those who prefer it. Those who so desire may be connected for a fee of £3 10s., m addition to which they will pay a penny for each conversation, for which sum they will be entitled to converse with any sub- 1 .s-criber on the same exchange or group ot , exchanges. J~he present rates with unlimit 0,1 service will be continued for those who do not require the penny service. It is a Icq proposed to establish offices at the shopkeepers, «> that any one may te ephone to subscribers for a penny fee. the new system will not apply to l^onclon. ' Here is a fart tor the pessimist., that ou"lit t.o warm his miserable jacket. Nnt withstanding all the Tverty ,n dav it. is not. as bad as it. was. In .July, 1BV(' there were 42.2 paupers for ever.y thou Snd inhabitants. In July, 1399, the rr^or tu.n had fallen to 21.2 per thousand. Year U Year for the whoJe of that pened as the papulation has increased, and invention has superseded handwork, pauperism has deciea-ed This too, in Txindon, tne home Penury as weW as m the rest or England, though London is the asylum for the dead Kt!0f the universe. Is labouring ma chinery the j.ocr man's curse, or his salva tion'' And vet, according to Mr David.,on n his '"'Annals of Toil," just pubhsPed, the early factory .system is a terrible story ot inhumanity. , ,, , \r;]e an iwpies>t on a widow, hckl at. .vine F-ul ib appeared that- after the death of h, i" sbam\ she refused to leave the corpse, vU'U with it, refusing all mmnshmeM. ' Vicing removed by force, she expiicd. A Juror described the rfcital of the facts as a true story of a wife s devotion. ' ..Xotes and Gold" publishes the follow Prussian Savings lianks rvi.se m four in Uhe I in-s . & £10.1,745,000 to teen years (IH«4 J j J I f 142 fif>0 000 r-U^i 405 000, an inerca.se m juj, c^ual' to' 134.9 per cent. Comparing the*5 wUh the returns of our Savings JJanks tor SnieThc Vjv^SWi.irrfor,, lie. w.t.h n-otnan at, Marlow ha.s applied to tn« t) ' ird of Guardians for relief. Hhe de/lmed I-o into the Workhouse statins that she could manage, wrth a little he..P- a ^kr,wfth%.n®rnUX Wight a sounded ^mewhat ironical to the poo. Five hundred pounds is the amount m &rra; jnratwV-J? ?£ itrr.vsvi Australian miners will be glad >o tricl tv^^'^^V^ri^^11? ° a iT* Wojv'erbainpt jm o\vr thirtv- have been cured, and U.e r«fr Z bad cases too, witn wn-si.-diop 5rtWV»i)^. Melil' me° "e now recommending the treatme.it. LONDON, October 13. \ pRKvrr;s BANQUET. The banquet winch took place on J ues dav night last to celebrate the liberation of Captain Dreyfuu was not so grea a su . °',V i, ,t. jiivmidtcrK hopoa.tv,W. Co to the last there were tickets ,hat nan not been appHe.l for; and the conv^n.v, a 1 tiumoh large, did not crowd the dming-hall of the Cecil Hotel. However, the gathering was a striking tribute to the interest taken in England in the cause of the late, prisoner "f T>£ Devil's Isle. The decorations in cluded the ibig of France, as well as tnat of England, and a gigantic scroll was <'js^a> ^ on which were in^Tibed^tne word, 1 e World Honours Dreyfus. J he Uinereiu, Kl ir! the bill of fare bore names appr, aviate to the. occasion. and th£.^'^itl^ berte F.galite, Fraterrme, fiat .lu.titia, and ??ji vente est en marc.be ct nen v e l'arretera"-the last a cpiotation irom /ola emblazoned on the menu-cain- Ti the absence through illness of Sir Arthur Arnold^ the Rev. Arth-.r Robins, the mi - tant clergyman from Windsoi, presiof1, and the attendance included a number j ladies. The fact that the demTa!\r^n was fathered to a lar?=? evrent h> LKn tent" (ordiale, a Society m which I nrn.n and English fraternize, rnvunt. anything in the nature of a national di-rilay or tee - ing The Chairman, in proposing the he.-.Hh of Iler Majesty, declared, evidently with au tho'RTV: that "if Alfrert Drey us ever had one heart more supremely on his side^ tuar. any other it. was the true heart, ot Queen Victoria." The toast-list in'-lnfled , President of the Irenen bepublif Cap tain and Mrs. Dreyfus. ' eloquently pn, nosed hv Mrs. Onmston-( bant, and .ven ded to by Mr. Conybearc: in Me:i:Ol ism Scheurer-'Kestner,'' and "The .Miprein.icy or Civil law," associated with the names oi MM. Labori and Lemange. FEATS OF SKILL. Sporting men have been trying for soms time to arrange a fight between English and French boxers, each to operate on the other in his own peculiar style of breaking up God's image. At, last it seems there is a chance of the affair coming off. Jerry Driscoll, the champion of the army and navy, is willing to meet any citizen of the Republic and fight him for £1,000 a side. The great French iconoclast, who swings a dirty left, and is also a very pretty kicker with liis right, after the manner of experts in the art of In Boxe, Franchise, is willing to take the job on, but he must kick in ordi nary walking boots, or he won't come up to the scratch. .Jerry objects. Hut half a kick is better than no fight. They might arrange it by agreeing to one boot. 1 he shoeless foot might be the more formidable. Driseoll wants a If! ft. l ing and 4 oz. gloves, with two-minute rounds and one-minute in tervals. LOST BANKNOTES. Tn January a robbery ot notes took placf at Parr's Bank. One of the £100 notes tur ned up this week at the Hank of England, and it was traced to a bookmaker, but no further, as he had received it in the usual way of business, but from whom he could not say. A few weeks ago the wife of an artist, drew £2,000 from Parr's Bank, and lo*t the money on her way home. A re ward of £r>00 was offered, but without avail. A £!00-n,ute known to have been included in this sum has also been paid into the Bank- of England, and this note can be traced to a bookmaker, who can give only a similar reply. The coincidence is ir.tcresting enough for even n Sherlock Hol mes. The popular hope that if the number of a banknote is recorded a valuable clue to its recovery is held is a rather forlorn one. Bank officials have enough to do to get, through the day's work, arid a teller's billet, is suftieient.lv arduous and risky with out, adding '!o the nosition the honorary duty of a private detective. Tn one of the eases mentioned above the note had passed through six Banks and about twenty hand, B) far as thev have traced it. WAS IT THE CHEESE? Five soldiers have lately died at Alder shot from «omc malady, the symptoms ef which point to tyro-toxieon poisoning. A number of sheep that had biNen gia/.ing over the ground of a late encampment at Cow shott. had also died, and quantities of cheese infected with tyro-'toxicon were found in their stomachs. This en cumsfa.rit fll evi dence certiinly looked very blark against the checsc, which was paid to have been supplied by the New Zealand Government. An inquest, on one of the unfortunate sol diers wa.s held on Thursday. Xo case of tyro-toxieon having occurred before in Great. Britain, the analyst -who in his evi* donee gave it as his opinion that Uie tyro toxieon was present in the cheese during its manufacture- -admitted that the ques tion bristled with difficulties. As there was no direct evidence that the soldier whone death was the subject, of the enquiry had partaken of choese, an open verdict was re turned. The Produce Commissioner for the New Zealand Government has written to the Press, stating that his Government bad never at any time supplied cheese in the United Kingdom. NEARLY nUR.IED ALIVE. T his week a woman named Emily Bur re 11. fifty-eight years of age, escaped pre mortal bunai by the intelligence of a con stable. She did not nse at her usual time in the morning, and the people of the house found her dead in bed a.s they supposed, j J lie body was rigid, and quite cold. 'J wo policemen came to remove the apparently deceased woman to the mortuary, when one of them, who had had an ambu.iuico I training, thought she might, be in a trance, so he son;'., Jus fellow-policeman for a doctor, I wiiue he applied hotwater bottles. The 1 woman soon showed signs of animation axid after the lapse of a little time opened her eye.?, and seemed conscious, though she could not speak. Some hours later s-he re I gained her full senses, 3nd it, appears that she bad been lying in a cataleptic tit.. Hhe says she heard ali that, went on, listening in agony to the proposals to take her to the mortuary, witnout the power to object j in any wa.v. 'J o prove t:he truth of her j statement she repeated so-ine of the con versation that had been going on while she ! wart supjioscd to lie lying dead, and t/>ld | t.he ofiu ers where they had been searching ! for the address of her relations. The | police.nan. whose forethought saved her life modestly disclaanted any tiile to «]iecial praise; his chief concern was whether he dui right in iiK-urriner the expense of a ' doc:tor. Mrs. Bnrrell's experience is abou't) as dreadful as can be imagined; arid her deliverer is as. deserving of recognition as he would bare been 'had be saved her life by en act of conspicuous courage. DISCOVERY OF AN OLD MANOSCRIPT. A telegram from Itoipe announces that a manuscript entitled "The Testament-<jf Our Lard,' with a tract on the ''Orders and Oommandmerits of our Lord," hare nsen discovered in a library at Antioch, Ihc importance' of the discovery is empha sized by the "Daily Mail" correspondent there, who collates the following particulars from the 'Oseervatore Rcftnano:"-"The manuscript, which haa just been presented T "l®-Tope, describes the organization of the (.hurch in the eecond century. The liturgy was said on Saturday, Sunday, and last days. The Sacrifice of the Mass was shorter than at present, comprising onlp the proclamations -made by the Deaoon, the prefaces, the words of consecration, the acts of. grace, and the distribution of the Eucha rist by the deacon. All the faithful aai.i prayers at certain fixed times-hora tertia, hora eexta, and hora nona-morning and evening. When the liturgy was said the faithful .assembled in the Church before dawn, as described in the famous letter of I'ljny to Trajan. Widows recited special prayers, and were in fact the religious sis ters of tlie epoch. The Bishops and priests were celibates, and had to abstain from J.t'flh meat and wine. The ceremony of con firmation was almost the same as it is to day, ai>d comprised in addition the benedic tion of the Oil for Extreme Unction. As a proof of the antiquity of this document the fact may be cited that it contains a passage stating that a separate place was set aside in the temple for those who received from God the gifts of revelation, of healing the sick, or of tongues. The ascription of these gifts to persons disappeared in the time of Irenaeus (130-202 A.D.), for we find appen ded to the liturgy a prayer asking God to restore them." THEY WON'T GIVE IN. j _ The Leicester Guardians are still persist- ! lug in their refusal to appoint, a vaccination j officer, in accordance with the mandamus issued. A sharp debate occurred at a meeting tin's week, and several members who had changed front and gone over to 4-he minority received a linguistic castiga- | *ion. One of them explained that he felt they were no longer fighting officialism, but the law of the land. A scene of some warmth took place, and the Vnce-Chairman made a speech whioli aroused great enthu Kiasm. lie said he felt himself face to facc with prison, but he regarded the Board as the first line of defence to a public wliich i held compulsory vaccination in abhorrence. I Lot the JJoard stick to their guns, and Par- I liament would at once recognise that the J last Vaccination Act was not a just and righteous law. 7\venty-six voted for war, 20 for peace. Will gaol be the renult? I he matter is of importance, because the huge number of anti-vaccinationista who have such a fanatical anxiety for freedom of action are tempted to go great lengths to secure it. SLOWLY SQUEEZED TO DEATH. A shocking rase of want of presence of J'und occurred at the Cannon-street Sta tion a few days aince, A porter was gathering the waste paper on the line, "when <*ic train came in and jammed him between the footboard and the platform. He was in this position for over thirty minutes be- i fore he was got out. The footboard was «awn away without avail, and a jack had to be procured and (the body of the car nage lifted off. The unfortunate man died five hours after admission to the ho3 pitiil. At the inquest it transpired that during the whole time of his awful expe- ; nence no restoratives were given him-no- i tiling but a glass of water. No doctor was sent for; no brandy was supplied, thuigh a hotel was on the spot. The In fcjtector explained that the occurrence was 'O unusual." A Juryman replied that n dog would have been better served. The man was engaged to be married, and his sweetheart arrived from the country with her wedding trousseau the same day, only tij find his dead body awaiting her. MOSQUITOES AND MALARTA. _ The malarial mosquito, according to Ma jor Ross and the other members of the Liverpool Medical Expedition sent out to the West Coast of Africa to enquire into niul report upon tropical diseases, has much !." answer for. These gentlemen, who have just returned to England, declare that were j it not for the fever spread by this pest the renditions of health in the regions visited by them would be unexceptionable. One member of the party had suffered from malaria, owing to his having recklessly slept for one night without mosquito curtains, luii. all his comrades bad escaped infection. 1 ne authorities of Sierra Leone, acting un der the advice of the experts, had decided lo use every available mpans for extermi rvit.ing the mosquito; and Major Rosa ex pressed himself sanguine that 'they would Niiceeed, One is furious to know with what '.?-eaixms the war against the common foe i" to be waged. Is it to be destroyed by fire, or sword, or poison, or starvation, or mosquito drops, or incantations, or by a union of all these? People in the Anti- ? po-lfs, who are familiar with the energy I Slid ubiquity and fecundity of the insect;, j end the tantalizing adroitness with wh'ch j he e;m dodtre death in different forms, will not ])? surprised to hear th.it the effort* for its extirpation in rural distrets are not ?.\peeted to prove completely efficacious for several years to come. DLL A PODRIDA. Shopkeepers and traders generally will be Interested in a judgment lately delivered by Mr. Justice Lushington. A provision mer chant had supplied goods to a married woman, rendering the bills in her nam; while hid ledger showed the name of the husband. Last of all the woman died, and the husband repudiated his liability, though probably he had eaten of the gtx>d things provided. T'lie Judge upheld the defc-n- I dant, and give judgment for the amountdue since the wife's death only. "It is the duty nf a trader," he added, "before he furnishes grwils on credit, to ascertain the name of the person to whom he is lo charge them. Having ascertained that, it is his duty to have all the books and correspondence in That, name. I deprecate the practice of having the ledger, which--is private, in one name, and the books and bilk for tile house in another name." Lndcrtakera are commonly believed to spend their holidays in the cemetery The idea is fallacious; but it a fact that a Lon f.on tm.'drh-er spent his leave in watching OLher drivers busses start. He got so in '/rerejj^ed that he was knocked down and in jurerl In stating his case in the Court he .Mmitted unat he was weak enough to be unable to re^st the attractions of tho work, mi he said almost pathetically-"We ret1 ip -h.ir.icfr-r, rLnfl ,ve wp" ar(. f f ? ' the opinion j f the immortal Wdliam. who says-" "Pis 1 better {<, I,e vile than vile esteemed vrhea 1 jot to be receives reproach of bein^ " I It is a pretty sight to see the tame rgeons about the extremely busy centres of ' a ^"'"Wball. and other sirnfiar .crowded parts of the city. The other day I Raw a. youth co ftmnnorst them with A -mall Quantity of grain, and many of the lurds Hooked to hxm, settling on his shoui ders, and arms, and eating from liia bands. Hundreds of seagulls have already taken up their usual winter quarters near - Black friard' Bridge,' where they are fed by the crowd of bird-fanciers. They also are vera' tame, jeeding from the liauda of their ad mirers, and quite helying -the wildueBS of i the sea- bird's general character. Copies of Mr. Stead's pamphlet, "Shall 1 Slay my Brother Boer? were sent to the j newspapers. OneT Editor replied: "Dear Mr. Stead-What, in heaven'i I name, have .1 to do with your family affairs?" And the other:-"My Dear Sir-By ail means-if he insists upon it." An Irishman adds a third:-"Yea; if he elavs you first." | The adiourned inquest on the victim of 1 poison taken during dinner at the Inns of Court Hotel in July last was resumed this "week, and again adjourned. Reference has already been made in "The Register" to this mysterious affair. No satisfactory causc could be assigned for the wholesale indispo sition of the guests-forty out of ninety of -whom suffered from gaatro-enteriti*-as the ?whole of the remainder from the cooking had been thrown away. Evidence was given of the state of the cook's utensils, the open ing of tins of preserved fruit twenty-fou: hours before it was taken out of the tins, and certain natural ice from Norway, which van eaten. The enquiry was adjourned to allow time for a medical man to go care fully through the whole lift of ingredients used in the preparation of the fatal dinner. The Czar's health is reported to be very firecariou*. He suffers from persistent vio cnt hcadaches, the result of the attempt made upon his life a few years ago in Ja pan. An oDeration on the brain is said lo ne necessary. The strange death of a sculler is .reported. He wis rowing in a racc on the Thames and winning comfortably, when he collided "with a barge, and his boat turned over. He went under the water, and never rose again. It now appears that a hotly re covered from the liver was not that of the sculler, nor wis a second, which was taken out at about the Fame spot. The mystery now is deeper; added to the strange man ner of his death before the very .sight of the public is the fact of his uncanny disap pearance. Faddy and timid people are worrying again on the milk question. The Hack ney Vestry has been examining some of the fluid, and out of a bundled samples twenty-two were infected with tubercle bacilli. All the new open-air cures of con sumption will not keep down the rate of mortality from this dreadful scourge of the Britisher if he takes in the poison at this rate. The only safety is )7i boiling or total abstinenoe. Milk is as dangerous, it seems, as that other curse, whisky. Mixed, however, they might pro duce beneficial results if the morning I>e raw! "Rcuter" wires from Cairo that nine r>olumns in the great hall of the temple at Karnak have fallen. A faint idea of the COIob.-mI grandeur of the tcifiple may be gained from the size of this hail, which measures 338 ft. by 170 ft., enclosing 5,'150 square yards, the roof being supported by 134 columns, the central row of which are G9 ft. high. 