_ 'THE ' 'Yellow Drawing oom.; pbbusned.b Srjioui Abbakoeuxss. ! ' / " . ' : By-" x. = t;:/meade; " ; Author of "Scraiip aud I. " ' " Tiio.Honouf nblo Miss,", '"A Sweet Girl Graduate," " A Son' oflshmuel," '"The 'Siren'," &o..; &a.; ; and Joint Author of " Stories from. , 1 tho Diary of a Doctor," " Dr. Bumscy's Patient, " &c.;, &e.; ' . | i " - . -I Corvmoiir,_ ; . , ... ' INTRODUGTIOlIv i V Ji,.' UST-whcn success wasnlniosfccrdwn-i cor8 master lost liislifc, \- but ho bequeathed aV1 sccleli nH for wl 1> as it had gone, to . me. and 'also , the whole of his by no menus inconsiaer- \- nblo forninn. Tim 6fc oonditiim "attached to tho money -was tlwit I should carry out' his life wor his being deeply grfeT interesting to myself I faithfully" promised to do,' and the rsj0P3' which" is at about to bo disclosed tolls .v.,vfo of my efforts my failuros; ' 'a? my -partial successes, und- fthc finnl and awful tragedy wbich Ciiuio as the ond of alt my labours. I have now reached that extreme corner of the mor tal sphere where tho power to influence othors fur their happiness and sorrow is f . over, and I wait nr»y sum- mons to staud beforo the Etornul Tribunal. Beforo passing out of tho world, howovor, I wish to have certain facts recorded : they relate to myself and to, alas ! I must use tho word, my victims. I was born a poor hoy, and' never expected to have anything to do with gentlefolk, but when I was a lad about fifteen I happened to . render a trifling service to auecucutrin gentle- - man who hud eoino to stuy in my native, village. Ho took a fancy to ine, or perhaps he saw something iu mc which made him . guess, that ho could, train mo to help him in his scientific pursuits. Ho asked mo if I would become his servant, and having lost, something which I called my heart to him, for ho had tho power of exercising great, fascination over certain individuals, I gladly -nrnniiwnd. I left my father and mother, my village friends, my early home. . There was a girl whom I loved as a boy loves,, whom I kept , company with, and whom I had promi-ed to marry in tho happy days when I should bo rich, but I bade Iter goodbye with scarcely a pang, and with littio hopo or even desire of seeing her again. I bade all those who made life human, beautiful, desirable, a careless farewell, and wont into the world with my now master. Ho took mo away with him, ostensibly as his servant, in reality as his close companion and sympathetic friend. Ho began at once to educate me, he did not send mo to school, but he engaged the best masters to give me lessons. I had a coach for everything which .comprises the ordiuary education of au English boy. I learned the ancient lan guages. I also acquired a considerable know ledge of French and German, a little Spanish, a smattering of Italian. In addition 1113' muster began himself to impart knowledge to me. His knowledge was extraordinary; it dealt in curious and' occult, sciences. I imbibed all that he could tell 1110 freely, and beforo I was five and t-wenty knew very nearly as much as he did < himself. I lived with him until his death, becoming less -human year by your, and inoro absorbed in tbe queer life which he led. X sorrowed with him over his failures, for he was engaged in a search of tho utmost, im portance, and rejoiced at liis partial successes. : He wus au old man when T first ciuue to .hiin, and. ho always said that his muntlo : should fall upon mc, and thut I might happily succeodwhei'o ho had assuredly failed. He left me his fortune, ho imbued liio with his spirit, and ho'laid his seleniu cotnmund upon I found myself at the ago of five and forty . prepared to cany out to tho bitter end that which might sacrifice many lives, in the hope of eventually rescuing a lurgo proportion of v the human ruce. My master'fi papers were a very precious possession. In them were recorded tho re searches of a lifotime, but I already knew cir contents by heart. Books could aid mo littio, for the rosoaroh which was - placed in my hands was absolutely origiual. It wiis necessary for me, therefore, to havo /human' beings to experiment upon, and with this object; in view.I furnished and prepared the Yellow Drawing-room. I took a house in a square which ;I will call Rosooe- squaro, and which was situated in a fashionable part of Belgravia. The ' house was for sale, and I bought the freehold for n largo figure. M tbom employed workmen to nuiko certain alterations, and these being completed, I furnished it according to my own ideas.'.. . v With-my mohoy and' tho education my muster had given mo I might now appear as a gcntlenmu of means, but after careful reflection I thought it best to keep -to the humble position in which I was born, and' determined after furnishing tho House to fill itiwith guests to whom I should be a sort of .upper- servant or head butler.1 I-would wait on my guests myself, and in that way havo atnplo opportunity to watch results. Utterly regardless of expeuse, I furnished tho house, dividing tho many rooms into small writes. Tims my boarders could have, if tbey chose to pay for them, bedroorii, dressing- room, aud private sitting-room complete. But £he large Yellow Drawing-room, oc-; cupying the centre of tho first floor, was to be tho special uud uniquo feature of tho estab lishment. Here, evening after evening, I would havo my gue-tsentcrtniued. Here they; should all meet and get to know cuch other.; Here music, the best that London could afford, should ravish tho air and delight tho senses. Hero the most accomplished rooitors of tho day should recito with passion," or. tickle tho senses with light, fancy. Private theatricals at least once a week should suit tho tastes of those who cared either to tnke part in tliein or to behold the efforts of others — wo would even, on occasions, stoop to tho best conjuring tricks. Once a fortnight we would have nbaU. \- Of ono thing I was firmly resolved, there should not bo a singlo evening of the Loudon season that the Yellow Drawing-room .should not contribute its quota to the entertainment of London. Not only my own guests should bo present, but visitors from tlio outside world should crowd to my rooms. It should bo nn honour to bo seen iu my hon.so. My house should bocomo the fashion. I myself would glide in aud otft amongst the fine folk who assembled iu my Yellow Drawing-room, seeing them, as I doubtless should many times, with the mask off, and with their real character on tho surface. Thus I might secure those secrets which were necessary for niv vast exDorimont. I must describe the room itself. It was a very largo room, being forty to fifty foot iu length and nearly thirty foot wide. It was lie with . three pointed French windows at one end, and a gvcat square hay at tlio left side. The house being a comer ono this last was possible. Round the bay wiudow, wlrioh looked full south,- and niudo the room a, particularly pleasant one iu the short clays of winter there ran a wide balcony. This iu ' sununor ; was covered with an awning, and my guests could practically therefore sit ou tof doors. j,. ; Tho walls of the room were covered with a deep shade of yellow, tho groundwork being of satin, und the grotesque figures raised upon it of dull silk. The dado of tho room was also yellow, hut tho friezo was of creamy white with a heavy wooden .moulding. Round this ran a narrow gal lery on which odd oriontal plates of 'im mense value were placed. On tho walls wcro brackets of bronze aud ebony, to which huug pendulous lily-liko lamps for the use of the electric light. Tho curtains to' the many windows wcro long and made -of velvet iii a, deep shade of yellow. Tho furniture was a mixture of all sorts and all styles, good Chippendale, Louis Quinze, Sheraton, &o.; Rare articles of bric-a-brac worn scattered here aud thcro. The most comfortable chairs imaginable, of every shape and size, wero to bo found in every nook. There were cosy corners all over the 100111. Curtains and screens surrounded those, and made solitude pussiblo. ' Having furnished the room according to niy owu taste, aiid according to a scheme wlrich I had worked up with immense cure, I finally brought iu groat palms and filled many stands with rare exotics. I made tho room heavy witli tho scont of lilies and fragrant with tho porfume of . roses. At ono. end was the musicians? gallery slightly raised and. with au opori ' work screen of carved ivory. Behind tius sorcen I could watch .my guests without, being ; uiyself seen. - No ono f would suspcot that I had just-in- this most favour able position my ' vantage, pqiut for makiug observations. ' , > , \ Nowtho wholo thing is over and the record .of my work lies beforo mo. -It is not written by mo but -by one of my victims. Ha tolls tho story of his strange life in my houso from liri unbiarod'?' stnh jpoiritV ' /Fdr : ii 'long ' time bo'bolieyed ; in irie, . and as; slowly but suroly suspiciquiwas'ttwakoiieid and fthxioty aroused, arid the 'curtain of doubt aud .misery clouded the man's soul, yet still ho'clung to ino. /. He and' others suffered and loved uun$£ fell? ifito evil ways and "sank Vdown, out' sight, of good, far from 'the angels nud< close to the dovils, through;my' instrumentality Yes, I am a/miserablb. old man/ and yet, .God knows, I meant all did for the iUlti- matc good of tho race, as did my master before me. - ; , CHATTER I. ' 1 i. HAVE a raflSgaSr)' strango tale to toll' cou"'; oerns myself others. I wiil' quickly and with as littio ' sentiment as possible. Jelly brand, that most extramdinary man, is willing that I should do so, nay he is oven auxiouB that tho world' should liavo a record of wliat has taken place during tho l»ri six months. .It is a queer story, tho queerost perhaps that has ever Ijcfell a man in Iris old 1 age, but I hAd better begin straight away. 4Vv®J Sfy nainb is Philip 'fiuw Rochester. "When '.this L story opens I had just ¥ completeil my Hoventy- (fr filth year. When i»y birthday took place I A considered my intellect to bo still quite in its prime, but. my body was failing. , My onco croct frame was "bent. I suffered off and on from severe rheumatism, which lind crippled my limbs and taken slightly from my height, my hair was whito as snow, und my eyesight by 110 meuns as good as it used to ho. With a mind as vigorous and active as ever, these infirmities of age wero extremely trying, and ns I know thn.t in tho ordinary course of events they could hut increase until death veiled tho scene, my anticipations with regard to the futuro wo;:o the reverse of satisfactory. I hated tho idea that iu ton years at the most, perhaps sooner, I must lie down and give up tho ghost, and as far as I could tell cease to be. I was not like Eugenia— I had not a beauti ful roseate hopo with regard to tho futuro state. For mo there wero no' white-robed angels nor streets of gold, nor. pearly gates. Sho believed in them and lived accordingly, but unfortunately I had dabbled in some sciences whioh had destroyed my early faith, and try as I would I felt there to bo very little chance of its resurrection. Eugenia is tho greatest treasure of mV life. She is my only grandchild, and in fact the one near relation I possess. Her father and mother uro dead, and the early friends of my youth have also long ago doparted into the Land of Shades. When the story opens Eugenia had jpassed her seventeenth birthday, uud when I recall her face as it looked that day I see again hor murry, flashing, brown eyes, the brilliant colour of health on her checks, the rich chest nut of her hair, the sweet smiles and dimples which eamo and went round her tenderly beautiful mouth. At one time my family was rich, but at tho period of this tale Eugenia and I wcro very poor. I. had a small annuity of n hundred a year, which was what was left to mu as tho end of a valuable Government appointment, and thut, with tho rent of a' house iu the country, which was far too sequestered for me to livo in, rando up our assured income. .. But Eugenia was clever — sho hud a geuius for painting, uud used to get orders from Miuton. Mortloclc, aud other large establish ments for original. designs which sho executed with swiftness and dexterity. I also helped to eke out money by writing occasional articles for the magazines. I was au urchmologist and something of an antiquary. I preferred tho past to the pre sent. TJic present interested 1110 not at all. But the past, with its romance und chivalry and glory, filled my old soul with delight. I was a happy innn when I sat with my books around ino at my ; ateustqmod. desk.oit tee British Mutouniii' . . \ - /- . On tee whole Eugenia, and l wore a child-; like and perfectly huppy couple. Our 'tastes wero of tlio simplest, and but for the shadow wlrioh old ago: cust jipon. mo, - 1 do. not know that. I had a -want .ih.tho world. On my fiovonty- flfth birthday, however, all things changed, ; In tho! most marvellous and unaccountable way every circumstance of my life, and Eugenia's seemed to alter/and this remarkublo state- of things' carae"dbout simply because wo qhangod our, lodgings, and took a suito of rooms in tho" Hoiiso whioli contuiriod the Yellow Drawing-room/ V This house is situated in Roscoe square/ Which as everybody knows/ is still ono of tho most- fashionable "'and expensive parts ? of Bolgraviu. I happened to hear through: a friend that one of tho corner houses, iu tliiA magnificent square was now used a£ u'/sori of private hoarding-house/that tho terms wore wonderfully' 'reasonable,'; and the comforts mutiy, and that'iu particular tho /entertairi- riionts :givon: evening after -ovoning in the Yellow Drawing-room iriudb place a specially dosirable.rbsidenco forla young girl. Tho man who told me aU/ teese thiTigs'said thai? the owner of tho Jliouse . was ' eccentric, and only desired to'vcover ; expenses by his1 speculation, tiidt be was d rbmarkuble man and lmd 11 strange 1 histoty/ -Ho clioae his paying guests on. thbir own merits,. and not bebauso teey wished to homo, and because their purses wcro full. In short, my friend unred m'e to see tho house, arid to- make terms with Jollybrand. Thinking of Eugenia' I went accordingly, ; '/ ; Jollybrand, to my. astonishment, turned out n very rospcctable sort of upper sorvant I did riot think that he quite suited thai position, fot ho spoke as a man of education, and said ono or two curious things. - When I was ushered irito-.'lria - priesenoo he -startled me by a kocti and inquiring- glaucc,. arid then a pleased smile of siitisfaotiou -flitted-! oyer hit features. ' . \\- "Sit down,", hb'. said. f1 What ,doyou; want? What cauvIdo:for you ?" / I told him what I- had - hoard from ray friend, said that' I- was the grandfather . of a particularly beautiful youug girl, that my resources ' were limited, but that if it were fiossible to roceivb accoramodation iri\his. louse, and so. secure for- my granddaughter tho many advantages which he seemed to offer, I should he pleased; . v " I havo no doubt it will be . possible," he replied. U The fact is, Mr.- — " " Rochester is iny name," I said, bowing.; " The fact is, Mr. Rochester, it is for puoplo like you for whom this liouso is-lntcndcd, hut will you forgive me if I ask one impertinent question." "I need not answer it unless I please," I replied, " therefore you aro at liberty to ask it." ;' - , "I doubt whethor you wilt answer it, bnfc all tee same it is one of my - conditions. I cannot rcceivo you into my ' House/ without kuowing your ago." ? v - , " I was sovcnty-fiVo this morning," I-said, in somo astonishment. . Again that pleased look flitted . over his face,- and his eyes flashed -with suppressed satisfaotion. ;a; And you have one granddaughter, and she lives with you ?" - , ' "Yes." "Her age, please?" . ' " Seventeen on her last birthday." ' "Is sho a strong girl, iu good health, robust, all tho rest?" "Sho'iscxfcromely fragile in appearance," I replied, " although she has never , had a day's illness iu hor life. 'Sho lias -intense nervous vitality, bnther;frame is slender ; she is a very beautiful girl;" % ''"Ay, ay," he said, springing to his feet, aud'rubbing his hands again with: that look of suppressed and qucef pleasuro in his eyes. "I expect you aro just tho couple I want. I am sure wo can come to terms. Come upftnirs, will you, and I will show jou a 'suite of rooms wlrich I think you will-appreciate." Tliero was a lift; the house was a Very tall one. "Wo went up and up until wq reached the fifth story. Hero the rooms werojust as lofty as thoy wcro lower down. My queer host walked oil in front , until Ko.i'pached a little suite of apartments/ the door leading into which he threw open. Theso rooms wero painted in a sort of oreamy white, and draped in turquoise blue. They contained. two small aud exquisitely furnished bedrooms , tho Hucn.was of tho most snowy order/ tho cur- pets of tho softest Turkey. There was a little dtning-room, and a small aud; iuisitely urrunged drawing-room. ' ;; I luoked.round with delight. ; \ "Aflat," I. said, " all in . readiness, but, my dear sir, I. am sorry, you do. riot quite understand — my granddaughter aud I are poor people." . . " Whiitovcr you pay for your present rooms will suffice- fur these," was his answer. " Will you eoino and try them ?" I gazed ut him iu astonishment. "But you aro offering ino charity, sir," I said, flushing us I spoke. ' . "Not, at all, not at all. I shall offer these rooms to another gentleman of your age who possesses another graudduughter as youug, as frail, and us full of that virilo will-power that yours possesses, if you refuse. It is, for you to uoeept now or uecliuo." I looked into, the man's queer eyes aud saw. them glittering. , t ."Wo need not. bind ourselves for any term," I said. " R is necessary that you should take the rooms for a month, not longer/ But, my dear sir, you will not wish to leave, you will have all tho comforts of the host West End hotel hero, and perfect quiet. Your meals wili.bo'serml in thin" littio dining-room, you will havo your drawing-room absolutely to yourselves. . Tho door possesses a sound lock wlrich j'ou. can turn wlion you wish- to ho quito alono with your granddaughter. Is it a bargain?" I said it war, and held out my -hand to grasp that of my new landlord. "raruon'ine," I said, "but you do not look tho pnrt you act." ' " Ask me no questions about myself," was Iris strange answer. " It .is my plcusurb to wait on my guests. « "When may I expect you?"- ' " ; I told him that Eugenia and I would arrive ou tho day when our week was up iu otir humble lodgings at Bloomsbury. Ho Raid that nil should be iu readiness and I loi't him. . - I wont back to Eugenia. I trotted home as fust us my old logs could carry mo. Wo lived on tlio third floor of one of those gloomy old houses built sixty or sovcuty years ago in Bloomsbury. Wo had a sitting-room, a dingy room all mado up of drabs, grays, and browns. In this wo ato our meals and read our books and lived a simple lifo. Behind tho sitting-room wus iny bedroom, and over head was Eugenia's. Eugenia's was only un attic, but eha liked it 'bccatisn it looked over tho chimney tops of somo of tho less tall houses near: She was perfectly happy iti hor littio attic. Still 110' man in his seiisb could' coinparo our dingy quarters with 'the 'dolight- f ul ; rooms 'wo were now to possess iu tho hou&o; with tho Yellow Drawing-room. "My dear girl," I said, as , after 1 panting up th& : stairs I entered the room and'flung myself down on the horsehair sofa.' "My dear Genny, I liavo had a lucky find;"- k 13ugenia . whs seated near the / window painting; It was a day in oarlv spring, a ray of sunshine had got into tho (lull room, and it lav lightly ucrosa her pretty hair, arid tho soft ourvea of her beautiful face. She raised her brown eyes aud looked at me! " " What .do you mean ?" silo. said. "You havo been for quito a long walk und you look —no, you do not look tired. Has anything huppened, anything interesting ?" " Something marvellous, my love. Ilieard of the rooms from our friend Dunvers, and thought I would havo a look ut them. They turned out to .bo most charming." / "But, xriy dair grandfaihor," do! you sefiouflly. Jiioau to- leave hero? -Why/wohavo lived hero for tho hist' 'fivd yours. Mrs. Sher- iiournb knows ail our little ways, she is not perfenfc hy uny mouiiRv but — r" - , " You cannot siiy that you aro ' much attached . to theso' ugly rooms," "Eugenia,". I .said. , /' ; " " Oh, not exuotly attached,!' said iny girl; Sho rose (is . she spoke, ' strctohed herself slightly, und looked out of tho window. . " Wliat I want to livo in. is tho country," sho raid," it' is so splondid when wo go away Rpmotuncs for a. wook. What;I should liko would! be to tako j-yur oldlioiiso ut Exuiuor— oh, £ should. uot miiidtho.lpiiritiness."' r /' "But I should, iny dear," I said, with somo etiffucss. " You cannot cxpeot a -'man of my age to give up his club, and there is tho British - Museum, remembor— you forgot that, Eugonia." MNojI dou'tj"h she xjworedj. : I know we oannot leave town. Well, what 'havo'you done? ( Toll mo, pleaso.". Then I told her. all about tbo house with tho Yellow Drawing-room and the dainty little auito of rooms painted -white, with the turqnoise-.bluo furnitnro, of .the bods with their snowy linen, and thq floors with their soft Turkey carpets; ; " And we . absolutely got these rooms, that perfect little suite, for : what wo pay for our present terribly depressing apartments," I said in conclusion; " I have taken them, my dear, and wo mdvo in 'on Saturday, " :?VJ ! - Eugenia was novqr a girt to 1 oxoite : horself overmuch about the vanities oflifo, and sho was by no means as obarmcd and oxeited :us I was myself with the thought of going to the now rooms. All the same sho acquiesced vory prettily in my deoUion. ' ." I must go on with my work now," she said. " We will go into the park afterwards, the air is quite mild to-day." - . 'v " Ifc i8 nGarl April,-V;<I said ,4 we.will buy some flowers in honour of tlio Yellow Ilraw- ing-room.— yellQW.flo'wors, I donlt' think there, is any colour so beautiful and : bewitobing as yollow." /-"Wo willAgetdaffbdiIa,"c8he-8aid/".and I will paint1 tbem.i That is Va- goodr. thought'.' We 'must - bo careful with', our jnoney / you know. Wb ought never to got ffowors except for a definite object." ; " You are pleased about tbe -Yellow Draw ing-room, are you not, child?" ' " Oh, yea," she ropliod soberly. 4;-:Sho. sat down again and went on with her work. # . On the following Saturday morning .wo raovod into tho honso in Roscoe square. Mr. Jellybrand reoeived us courtoously, with that proper mixture of tho refined- old servant rind tho crentleman of tbe .world whioh made him so extraordinary, incongruous and yet fasci nating. He took us up himsolf to our flat and pointed out its conveniences, 'ii wondered sif he were' struok by Eugenia who. really is a remarkably protty girl ; but , after. one swift glanco lie appeared not to take -any notioo of hbr. Hb. was much moro solioitous about my cqiriforts, in fact h'e wori fussy! » Now I hato people to remark my age, and v yet ho seemed to bo doing so in a isorfc of oovertway. " My dear.Bir," ho would say, " this chair if you please. You cannot think how care fully I have studied rheumatism. ; You suffer from rheumatism, do you nob?" ".Oh, nob' more than other people of my years." I answerod, soinowbat pettishly. Ho then made further suggestion for my -comfort.. Not a word about Eugenia/oh no, oh no. 'Perhaps -this was right, and yet 'it scared v nleased mo. Ho wont away at . lost. . Our . dinner was sent up, perfectly Rorvod. Wo enjoyed it together, and then wo prcparcd'to go down to joining the other guests in tho Yellow Draw ing-room. ' - 1 had -furbished, up. my old dress suit; it had not been put orifor many years, and was doubtloss a little out of dato ; but I was glad tliat I could get into it comfortably, and that the shrunken appearance of my limbs would not be noticed if I walked very upright. Eugenia looked charming in white with a bnnch .of yellow daffodils stuck in hor belt. It is surprising how easy it is to dross pretty girls — just a touch here and a touch thoro and— Eureka! tho thing is done. "Genny's bright eyes made it quite possible for her to dispense with diamonds, and her rounded, arms noedod no bracelets to adorn them. We wont downstairs together, and Eugenia laid licr slender hand oh iny arm as. we entered tho great drawing- room. ' It was a magnificent room, and when wo made our' appearance a crowd of guests wore present. A florid-looking "man with dark -eyes came up and spoke to mc. \ - "Have you' come to - istay ?" he asked eaorerlv. r: I bowed in the affirmative. " You are just tho sort of -person Jellybrand is looking for," lie continued, eyeing me from head to foot. -:f Just the right ago -I mean. Has he asked you yet if you aro tired of life, or if you wish to renew your youth ?" " Oertaiuly -not," I responded hardening myself as I spoke, for I did not care for tho appearance of the florid tnun. "Yon will bo comfortable here," he con tinued, dropping Iris voice. "And you will bo interested, for you will find mystery. The study of our bost alone is a perfect enigma, but you will-have creature comforts, and at a ridiculously low figure. . Is this young-lady your daughter ?" " My granddaughter," I answered. Eugenia bowed very slightly. She then wandered up the room. \ / " A young girl and an old man/" he said, half utidor his breath, but loud enough for mo to heav. "Just exactly what Jellybrand wants. If I'wero you, luv good f riend — - — " "What?" I asked. et I would leave horc as quickly as I oamo." "I shiril do nothing of tho kind," I .replied, with somo anger in my tone. pro be continued. 