NEWS FROM THE ISLANDS. DISASTROUS TIDAL WAVE. AN ISLAND DEMOLISHED. MASSACRES AT BISMARCK ARCHIPELAGO. The steamer Archer, trading under the auspices of the Pacific Islands Company, Limited, returned to Sydney after an extend- ed cruise among the South Sea Islands (says the " S. D. Telegraph"). Besides the Gil- bert, Ellice, and Marshall Groups, she visit- ed New Britain, New ireland, and the nume- rous scattered islands to the east of New Ireland. The Archer brings some sensational island news. From the Marshall Islands the cap- tain reports that a tidal wave had swept over several of the islands, causing a considerable amount of damage. The tidal wave was also felt at the Gilbert and Ellice Groups, New Ireland, and Fead Island. At Nukufatau(sic) considerable damage was done, and also at Fead Island the wave played havoc with the native settlements there. While at Jaluit, in the Marshall Islands, the German trading schooner Queen of the Isles came into port from the Carolines, and reported that the tidal wave had extended there, and caused great loss of life. Captain Hitchfield, of the German schooner, told Captain Henry, of the Archer, that one of the islands of the Caroline Group had been entirely swept by the wave, and that there must have been at least several hundred lives lost. Cap- tain Hitchfield was in the vicinity at the time, and succeeded in rescuing some of the natives. The island, he stated, had been completely washed away. The same wave reached as far as New Ireland, but did not do much damage there. Several massacres were reported in the Bl&raarck; Archipelago. At New Ireland a tiadei- named Peterson informed Captain Henry that he had sent two of his boats down the coast in February last to trade. They had reached the trading grounds, and anchored their boats for the night. Whilst the crew were asleep the natives put off from the shore in their war canoes, cap- tured the boats and all the trade, and mas- sacred the crews. The two boats were manned by eleven natives. Their bodies were taken ashore, and a great cannibalistic feast followed. The boats were subsequently destroyed. At New Britain some months ago a little tiading ketch called the Sea Ghost started out for ,the neighbouring islands trading. On arrival at Buka, the vessel was cap- tured by *he natives, and the whole of the crew 'massacred. One of the murderers was recently captured at New Britain, he having joined one of the trading vessels. Ile was duly tried, and sentenced to death, being shot a few days before the Archer started for Sydney. The German warship Moewe had started outt from New Britain for Buka Island on a punitive expedition im connection with the same massacre. CREW ATTACKED BY* N\TiW3. A report was received by the steamer Archer of the loss of the ketch Elsie, owned by Messrs. Hernshelm and Co. The vessel was driven ashore at Dover Island on 4th ¡March. The crew got ashore safely, but -were received by the natives with a shower of spears. They bad to fight their way clear of the hostile tribes, and eventually, after enduring 'terrible privations, reached "the company's stations. The Elsie wa3 engaged in ithe lnter-lsland trade of the Bismarck Archipelago. (She sailed under the German flag. GERMLAN CONTROL. A despatch from Berl'n to ithe effect that the German Government bad decided to as- sume control of the affairs of Now Britain, German New Guinea, 'New 'Ireland, nnd the outlying groups was received with great saUiSfaction at the Bismarck Archipelago. On the arriva! of the German ma'l liner Stettin at New Britain wiit'h the news there was much rejoicing. Flags weie hoisted over all the principal business places, and ships in the harbour were gaily dressed in bunting. Settlers at *ho islands be lievo that under 'tho Imperial Government ruling (he islands ¿re likely to make gool headway. The German Chartered Com- pany, it is understood, will sbMl retain its interests, bjit the othor land will now ho thrown open, and this will tend to still further develop the trade and resources of the islands mentioned. Judge Snee has been appointed Acting- Governor of the German possessions. 