SOME PECDLIAR ASPECTS OF ROMAN CATHOLIC WORSHIP. BY REV. ISAAC MOORE, S.J. No. III. In the Church of the Immaculate Conception, Hawthorn, on Sunday evening last, the Rev. Isaac Moore, S.J.. delivered, as follows, the third of his series of discourses on the above very interesting subject :— This present course of lectures has for subject " Some Peculiar Aspects of Roman Catholic Worship." The aspect of that worship which we had under consideration on last Sunday evening was an aspect by which, more than by any other, it is distinguished from the worship offered by those who are not Catholics, for we considered the nature of the solemn public act of Roman Catholic worship, which is sacrifice. That, this form of worship was used by God's people from the lieginning, and with God's approval, admits no doubt. Roman Catholic worship is, then, essentially sacrificial. That worship does not consist of any form of words, however sacred. It is an action. That action our Lord commanded to be done when He said —" Do this in commemoration of me." This very thing which He did. that same is done. What. He did was to cause the passing of His adorable body and blood into the state of victim into the sacramental state. He used words, not theoretical (i.e., signifying wliat already pre-existed), hut r>ractical (i.e., effecting that which they signified). These same words are used, and because they are His words, :md are used for the-purpose He commanded, they effect what they signify, causing- His adorable; body and blood to be present in the state of victim in the sacramental"' state. This is what He commanded to be done. It was an action He commanded, and that action is sacrifice. That is the specific name applied in Scripture to the external act of worship, by which' man acknowledged God's supreme dominion. man's absolute dependence, and his need and desire for expiation. To God only is this supreme adoration offered. It would be impious to suppose this act of worship is offered to add to the expiation already complete. It is offered to apply to individuals the merits already consummated of the sacrifice of Calvary. This supreme adoration is the solemn public act of Roman Catholic worship. These discourses are intended to be explanatory, not controversial, and as my time is limited. I condense my remarks as much as possible. I make no observations on the Holy Eucharist as a sacrament, for though sacrifice and sacrament agree in this—that both are sacred signs, they differ in signification and immediate end. The immediate end of a sacrament, is the sanctification of the individual : of sacrifice the immediate end is the glory of God by adoration of the supreme majesty of God by an external action. Another aspect of that worship presants itself in a scene often beheld in a Catholic Church. The sacrifice is finished, the music silent, the congregation dispersed. But here and there, scattered through the church, groups or individuals are seen to kneel before the picture of one saint or anotliei, and they seem to be praying. These pictures represent men such as I spoke of in a previous lecture—men whose lives have been carefully examined, who have been proved to have " worked justice." Each one of them could, with his last breath, have repeated St. Taul's words—" I have fought a good fight ; I have finished my course : I have kept the faith." Perhaps it is before the picture of St. Paul himself they kneel, and the picture recalls otiier words of his, " Be ye imitators of me, as I am of Christ."' Be that as it may, they are kneeling before some saint's picture, and apparently praying. This, according to the definition of worship given, though differing by measureless degrees from supreme adoration, is a species of worship. Perhaps that man who seems so absorbed while he looks on the picture is recalling the story of the life of theoriginal, a life marked by self-denial, by love of others (without which all religion Is a mockery of God), by meekness and purity. And as the conception of this sublime holiness is formed in the mind of liim who kneels, the contrast between that and his own state flashes full on his soul. The words of the Publican rise to his lips, ''Lord, have mercy on me. a sinner.' r " Tip to this, at least, there is no harm done. But perhaps he goes farther, and actually asks that, saint to inter cede for liim, and beg for him from God some favour which his heart desires. Why not ask this directly frotu God ? Did not our Lord say. "'if you ask the Father anything in "my name, he will give it to you ?" And does not St. Paul tell us that our great high priest—"Kor that lie continuotii for ever, hath an everlasting priesthood . . . always living to make intercession for us ?" Does not. then, this man. by asking a saint to intercede for hiui. seem to set aside the one great intercessor V I answer, this is certainly not what St. Paul thought Of this his own practice is a certain proof, for in divers places in his letters we find him again and again asking other men to intercede for him with God. This assuredly he would not have done if it were a setting aside the one great Intercessor, or implied in the slightest degree whatsoever disregard of the intercessory power of the one great Mediator. But if it be lawful, and. after Paul's example, salutary, to ask a living man. regarding whose aceeptableness to God I have no certain assurance, to pray for me. how much more lawful and salutary must it be to ask the intercession of one regarding whose acceptableness toGod I have strong assurance. For only the pictures of those whose lives have been carefully and keenly investigated are set up in the churches. Were I tlie subject of an absolute monarch, who could grant or withhold honours and favours at will. I might ask a favour from him directly. But there would be no lack of loyalty if I got my petition supported by someone known to sta'nd high in his favour: and if, moreover, I know that I have not been always faithful, and now want a boon, it is but common prudence to get any influence I can to support my petition. Perhaps this represents tlie condition of most of us with regard to our divine Lord. That, man whom we see praying before the picture of a saint may be conscious to himself of sin. To help liim now to win pardon lie asks the prayers of one who has ever been a faithful. valiant soldier of Christ. I am wholly unable to understand how anyone can see in this proceeding anything but what is to lie commended as lawful aud salutary, or anything not likely to prove highly beneficial. But it is an aspect, of Catholic worship often misrepresented, and. therefore, misunderstood. Here some one may ask—Of what avail is it for us to ask the intercession of saints with our divine Lord if our desires are not made known to them ? I answer. Scripture proves that the spiritual affairs of earth are made known to the saints, notably St. Luke. x\\\\. 7— "There shall be joy in heaven upon one sinner that doetli penance." If they who are in heaven feel this joy, it is because the spiritual change, even of an individual soul, is made known to them. How it is made known wo are not told. The fact »s of great interest and importance. And the fact is clearly told. How that fact lias come about it would lie interesting to know, though not important: but the knowledge has not been communicated. If a man had a friend who loved him sincerely, and that friend were removed from Melbourne to London. that removal surely would not break the friendship. If there lie grew immensely in wealth and power would he, on that account, unless he wove of the baser sort, forget his boloved friend in Melbourne ? And if that friend came to need help, and he could give that help, aud even give ft without any loss to himself, we cannot think he would refuse. And if he were removed to the regions of the blessed, where selfishness is no more, and love reigns supreme, that making of his own bliss perfect would not. most assuredly, close his heart against, his friend, or quench in his h'-ait the desire to help that friend. To this conclusion the instincts" of nature and the voice of reason alike 'iitipM ns. But of what avail is it to have (he will to help if he lack tlie power ? That power, however, lve^nssuredlj has. If some soldier of Nirpfflepn the Great, who had. with distinguished bravery, fought under him "at Marengo ; Austerlitz. .Tena, and Friedlahd. jjvoiW to ask from him. when in the : jfenipf of his power, a slight favour,'TnrVannot think he would be refused. And if any man. walking in the footsteps of his divine Master, has fought triumphantly against sensualify and ambition, and self-seeking of every kind, always " working justice," he, surelv, is a faithful soldier of Christ. 1-Ie has " fought the good fight, he har ; finished his course," he is now crowned as victor. If one such as that, and such is a saint, ask from his divine Master, whose faithful follower he has been, a favour for one of his* fellow-soldiers, whose warfare is not yet ended, is it likely that prayer will meet a refusal? To my mind, that is simply unthinkable. The power to help, therefore, is not lacking to any of the saints whose intercession the Church teaches ns we may seek. Besides, before anyone is declared a saint, solid proof, subjected to a most rigorous examination, has to he adduced that he has power to make intercession, inasmuch as he has exercised that power on several occasions. How vastly this magnifies lo a reflecting mind the greatness of the glory of the mercy of the Redeemer ! He causes those who. by co-operating with the grace He bestowed, have won heaven to share in the sweet work of mercy, helping by their prayers those who have not yet ''come from great tribulation." How ardent is tlie love of tlie brethren in those who are holy, even while they are on earth, we learn from Sr. rani's words, in tlie niuth chapter of Romans, where he seems to open to us his heart—"' For I wished myself to be an anathema from Christ for my brethren." But if it be thus ardent in tlie just, on earth, what must, that ardour be " in the just made perfect '!" Even though that passage, which I have already quoted, from St. Luke did not. as it most certainly does, clearly teaeli us that the denizens of heaven have keen sympathy for their brethren on earth, wo should still, by reasoning, he forced to believe it, for they are tin* disciples of Chr'st. rewarded and perfected. But the essential note of that discipleship is the love of the brethren. That the sweet ties of affection. binding heart to heart, are completely severed by death is a view of tlie relation in which Christians stand to one another, dismal and depressing, and it is as false as it is dismal. As the children of (lie first Adam, we are all one as heirs of bis guilt, and the ills consequent on that.. Rur. as the children of the second Adam, "born over again by water and the Holy Ghost," we are all one as heirs to the glorious inheritance made ours by redemption. We now share a lif--* that does not die. Grafted upon " tlie true vine." we are all brandies of tlie same tree. •• I am the vine, ye are the branches." And through each of the branches, great and small, the vital sap flows. There is no longer possible any real separation while we are attached to tlie tree. We are all members of the one mystic body, of which Christ, the second Adam, as St. Paul teaches is the head. But in every organised body tlie well-being of each member is of concern to all. If the foot l»e hurt, anil and hand are ai once put forth to assuage its pain. The eye will direct their motions, ami the brain will devise a remedy. But through every member of the mystic body of Christ, this vivifying influence is diffused—in the saints in heaven, in the suffering in purgatory, in the warring on earth. His life- giving grace permeates each. It becomes, therefore. a unifying principle, making all one. We do not see those we have loved and lost, but united to us they still are. and the intercourse of love ceases not by prayers from them for us. or prayers from us for them. How closely we are united to Him we know by the words—" Whatsoever ye do to the least of these my brethr<^ that do ye unto me," and by that elosr* union with him we are eloselv united to one another. That union sin alone can sever. Naught else, certainlv net death, can sever us from Him. or from those whom we have loved, who, sharing in His divine life, have passed behind the veil. 