TWO SINNERS. Madame will bhe very sorry, lbut she is worried to deathl and has not a sou, though the Despards paid her fifty pounds when they w'ent away,' sneered Rose.. Madamh Hoffman, to give her the title her soul delighted in, was iui her own room, a Iuxurious apartment on the first floor which she'never resigned to friend or foe. Seated by ani enormous fire, she was warming her feet veory much at her ease, and surveying two delicious cups of real Freinch coffee, rich with cream, and giving fortha most fragrant odour. Madame rose to receive Mrs. Stuart, thanked her for being so prompt, handed her one of the cups of coffee, and produced a basket of.fancy cakes. Mrs. Stuart won dered what was going to happen. SI'm afraid I'm not quite ready, madame,' begin the poor woman, with a feeble smile; 'you see'I had the doctor in the autumn for Rose, and-' ' My dear friend, don't speak of it,' inter rupted the other. 'I sent for you to ask you a favour.' Mrs. Stuart resigned herself to the full enjoyment of her coffee and cakle, for the refreshment partaken of in madame's bed room was of the first order. SThe fact is, Mrs. Stuart, I have a young lady coming here to-morrow.' 'Second floor I' askled Mrs. Stuart, respect fully. Every descent from the attics was a rise in social standing. 'First-she will have this for her bed room, and the little salon as a boudoir.' . Mrs. Stuart gasped in surprise at the hollours to be heaped on the newcomer. 'It's someone very rich, I suppose I' 'It's'a friend of yours,' coolly replied the other.. ' A friend of mine !' aghast. 'Yes; the favour I have to ask of you is that oyou will circulate the news at dinner to-day that Miss Yorke, a friend of yours, arrives to-moirow.' 'But, madame.' 'Nothing easier; you knew her father years ago, he's dead now, and his daughter is comining to Chateau Thierry that you may help her to select her trousseau. She is to be married on the second of January to an English h?auker-a man irhu6 rolls in money, whos could write a cheque for thousands without feeling it.' 'Lesky girl,' a little enviously; she had marriageable daughters herself. Madame Hoffman lookled unutterably wise. 'I have known.Mr. Hastings for years; nothing could be more generous than his sentiments. His future wife is an orphan and absolutely penniless. She must have a trousseau and be properly chaperoned while she gets it. She can't come here as a stranger, people would talk, I can't intro duce her as a friend of mine, or I couldn't take her money. Mr. Hastings is royal in his liberality, and if you will play the part of friend to his bride, dear Mris. Stuart, I'11 receint that little affair at once, and think you very kIind if you'll persuade the young ladies to accept a pretty dress from me for Christmas; they must choose it themselves,' and madame pressed a white envelope into her friend's hand. CHiAPTER IV. STfrrT was ?be matter, nother 1' cried Rose, when Mrs. gtuart, very breathless, arrived at the fifth floor, which was sacred to her family and the servants. ' Nothing, my dear, except that there is a young lady coming to-morrow, and madame wishes us to be particularly pleasant to her.' ' Anid the bill ?' 'If is receipted. Madame quite appre ciates our good offices. - She asked me if you girls wvould ?ceh choose yourselves a present from her.' j ' Mother, is he world coming to an end 1' asked Evelyn, as she opened the envelope and took out a French bank note for twenty pounds. The news was circulated among the deni zens of. Chifteau Thierry that the young daughter of Mrs. Stuart's old friend was to arrive on the morrow, to prepare the trous seau under that lady's superintendence, and probably be married from the chfteau. No one was' surprised. The Stuarts were so unmistakiably ladies of birth, that it seemed quite natural they should have friends to uihom money was no object. MIrs. Stuartherself wentto meet MlissYorke at the station; when the luggage had been ex amined--very poor and scanty it seemed the two were soon driving to Ch:iteau Thierry, and Miss Yorke said : ' You cannot think how pleased I am to meet anyone who knew my father.' Mhs. Stuart felt rather an impostor. 'It was long ago, dear-before you weres born.' ' Do you think me like him I' askled Miss Yorkle, turning back her veil. Mrs. Stuart started as though she had seen a ghost; wife and mother thoughl she had been these twenty odd years, she re membered the features of her first love; those features lived again isn Miss Yorko. What a remarkable chance that this young straniger should resemble Harold Kyrle. Mrs. Stuart hit on an answer at once true samd convenient. '.You are my friend's very image. We dine at seven,' were Mrs. Stuart's last words to Dori, when she lihad taken her to hei pretty 'room. 'Do you feel too tired to come down ?' "I will come down, please.' ' Then Iiwill send' my daughter to show yout the way to the dining-room when the bell rings, You must rest yourself till then.' But that was just what DI)ora did not want to do; she wished to have no time to thilnk. The past weekl had been a dream to her. Was it really only ten days since she had inserted her advertisement, only five since she had given her pledge and promised to be Bryan's wife ? For weal or woe now she had made her choice. Her fate was sealed. Mrs. Yorke was installed in the drawing room apartments she had admired, and the long coveted sulbscription to the circulating library was hers. She believed her daughter to be engaged as English teacher in a school in Galais, ansd bore the separation very well. It was Dora who broke down when the parting came; Dora who clung sobbing to the mother who, however little sympathy there was betwixt them, was still the last link that bound her to the past. MIrs. Yorlke had not a tear to spare. 'Lor, dear,' she observed briskly, ' see how comfortable I shall be in the drawing rooms when you're gone. Don't let them make you eat frogs, and mind when you come home to bring me a French cap.' And Dora promised, knowing tlhe while that she should never come ' home ' again. No, clearly our heroine must not' think of the past, and her future seemed bounded by her wedding-day; beyond that all was misty, so Dora had only the present free to occupy her mind, She dressed herself al-' most mcehasnsicallyl in the only ievesing dress she had, a long, flowing black grenadine, purchased for a few shillings, and made by her own nsimble fingers; it was cut square in front to show the pearly whiteness of her skin, anuud she wore knots of carnation ribbon at her breast and in her hair. On the third inger of her left haund a ring of priceless value glittered; it was the first token that very s:,.e she was to be a rich man's wife. A knock ecame tothe door, and a girl en tered, whose appearance ahnost startled Dorothca; a tiny, fairy-like creature with golden hair, hanging ill curls to her waist, a bright colour in her round cheeks, and large laughing blue eyes. The' two looked at each other for an instant in silence; each was perfect in liher owni style. The one grandly baautiful, the other with that charming childish loveliness Greize has so often painted. SMiss Stuart ?' asked Dorothea, question ingly. 'No, Evelyn is downstairs. I am Rosa moned. Madame sent me to risk you to come down to dinner, Miss Yorke.' There were only two vacant seats at madame's dining table, and they were side by side near that lady herself, so Rosamond would not have to complain of cold soup to night. Hungry though the assembled guests might be, they all looked up expec tantly as the two girls appeared, girls who were to influence fo' all time each other's future-Rosamond and Dorothea, two beau tiful sinners. SIn the homely English village stands a grand old homestead, surrounded by exten sive grounds, just now covered with a white mantle of pure white snow; a place that had been handed down from father to son in one long unbroken line; a fair estate, befitting the family who dated their pos session before the Reformation. The Eastcourts of Eastcourt were known anid honoured throughout Blankshire. No stain had ever fallen oni the grand old name, which was esteemed in itself as a titleof honour, and the present master of Eastcourt, people said, fully deserved his lot--no scant praise. Vere Eastcourt must have been about twenty nine at this time, a man whom men spoke well of and women thought of ten derly ; a favourite with his fellows, tall and stately, with an innate nobility of bearing which told of his long descent; a pleasant courtesy for all, and a warm tenderness for a favoured few. Vere Eastcourt was true to the motto of his family,' faithful unto death ' in friend ship, for those who once earned his regard kept it always. He.was genial and hearty, courted and admired. People said he had no trouble in life, and yet no one would ever cited Yore as a happy.looking man. There was too much gravity in his smile, too many lines about hlis mouth, for that. Three years before he became heir of Eastcourt by the sudden death of his elder brother. He sold out of the army at once, and had settled down to the role of a country gentleman. Before six months later hIis, father fol lowed his first-born, and Vere became mas ter of Eastcourt. People said the leaving his profession had been a bitter blow to him. Certainly some great change had come over the gay, careless young officer. He was unmarried. Blankshire deplored this with one voice. Never had his name been linked with that of any woman. Never had he shown the slightest preference for any county belle. People told him it was his duty to marry. His mother ear nestly wished it. She was a sweet-faced old lady with silvery hair, and she wanted to hold his children in her arms before she died. But he resisted all her entreaties. 'You must set your hopes on Maudo, mother. I shall never marry. The home'circle at Eastcourt was a very pleasant one, for the most perfebt harmony reigned between the three who composed it. Lady Isabel and her son ruled with a gentle sway, and Maude-bright, pretty, uncon scious Maude-would have made any place bright. Maiude Eastcourt was twenty- one, a gay, happy creature, whose life had been all sun shine A gipsy face, rosy cheeks, and laughling dark eyes. Such were her gifts, and they caused many a young man to haunt Eastcourt. Her brother often said he should not keep her long with him. Yet he never thought of replacing her by a nearer and dearer com panmion. His one desire was that she might choose a man worthy of her, and that in time to cone their son might riule at Eastcourt. Vere never faltered in his determination not to marry. ' What will you give me for some news 1' askled Mr. Eastcourit, coming in from a walk one afternoon when the old year was very near its close, and Maudo and her mother sat talling over the fire. ' Come, Manude, you have lost the chance of thie richest hus band in Blankshire.' 'If that speech referrs to Mhr. Hastings I am very sorry. Is he really married, Vere I' 'He is going to be. I met the rector just now. He had the news from his sister-in law, Mrs. Stuart-your friend's nother, Maude.' ' Is hle going to marry a French girl 1' ex claimed Maude. ' Ah, how I pity her !' SMaulde,' said Lady Isabel, softly, 'you really must not speak like that.' 'Ah, but Ido pity her, mamma, Unless she is a statue she must be wretched. Mr. Hastings thinks of no human creature but himself.' 'She will be very rich,' said Vere, coldly. ' Hastings has an enormous fortune.' 'But is it a good match h' inquired Lady Isabel. 'You know, Vere, they are our nearest neighbours, and I should not like Maude to visit at the Lodge if Mr. Hastings had married beneath him.' 'Hastings is not the man to do that. Ray says the bride is an orphan and a beauty, and he ought to know, as she happens to be staying with those very girls Maude swears by-the Stcarts.' ' But tie Stuarts live at aboarding-house, YoVere.' 'Exactly, and thle bride elect is with them. Mrs. Stuact chose the trousseau, and the girls are to be bridesmaids. Ray is quite enchanted with the gaiety for his nieces. Good old man! IHe would offer them a home at the rectory if lie could afford it;' ' Depend upon it, the future Mrs. Has tings is a lady, or Mrs. Stuart would not take her up.' 'Poor woman i' said Yore, cordially. ' It must be a hard sque!eze for her to get on with those pretty girlis. She can't have two hundred a year. ' You have not told us yet iwho Mr., Has tings is going to marry.' 'I don't know myself. Ray only spoke of an orplhan.' So saying Yore left the ladies alone. ' Mamma,' began Maude, thoughtfully, ' I wish y'ou would let me ask Rosamond Stuart here to stay three months.' 'Three mocntht i' repeated Lady Isabel, in surprise ; ' that is along time, dear. You have seen very little of Mies Stuart since you left school. Are you sure you should be happy together 1' 'Quite so,' hesietatpgly. 'They are so poor I shouldn!t like her to have that long journey for a short visit. She is so bright and dear! Ala, mamma, et go ak ?g.r .' ' Wait till this wedding is .o~'r. .Vd:o said she was to be a bridesmaid, You can ask her to come to us directly afterwards, and say we hope she will stay three months if she is not afraid of a country village after Paris.' 'Ah, that will be nice. Rose will tell us all about Mrs. Hastings.' 'I hope she may be visitable,' said Lady Isabel, a little anxiously. ' We have been so long without a lady at the Lodge that to get someone there really companionable would be charming.' ' Mamma, do you guess why I want Rosa mond here ! Don't you think she is very, very pretty ?' 'She is a singularly beautiful girl, and would grace any station.' 'Then, mamma, you would'nt mind if she became mistress of Eastcourt 1' ' I want Vere to marry,' said the mother, slowly, ' but I begin to despair of it. You would like Rosamond for a sister I' 'Dearly. You must help me in my match making, mamma.' 'No, dear MIatch-making is often match marring. I should be very thankful to see Vere settled, but I believe firmly his marriage is among the 'might have beens." CIlAPTER V. TIE night before the wedding, the greatest excitement prevailed- at Chateau Thierry. The whole house seemed full of excitement, and madame herself looked radiant upstairs in her own room. Dorothea Yorke was in close conference with Mrs. Stuart and her daughters. The lonely girl attached herself to these new friends, who seemed so ready to devote their time and talents to her ser vice. Miss Yorkle had elected to spend the last evening of her maiden life in privacy. She did not dine at the long table where great court was nightly paid to the banker's bride. She and Rosamond dined together in her own room, and later on, when Mrs. Stuart and Evelyn joined them, the four ladies en joyed unpacking the exquisite costume which Woerth had just sent in for Dora to wear on the morrow. As a girl loves or hates the man she is to marry so does she delight in or detest all the pretty preparations she must make be fore becoming a wife. Dora neither loved nor hated Mr. Hastings, and the whole affair of the trousseau was indifferent to her; her heart was a sealed book to her lover, and if there were a key to open it he did not pos sess it. As she stood looking at her wedding-dress and listening to Mrs. Stuart's encomiums, while the girls openly expressed their ad muiration, Dora felt like one in a dream. To morrow she was to be a rich man's wife. Whathbecame of the sordid poverty of the last three years ? did it live only in her imagination ? The ladies were still occupied with the bridal dress, when a knock came to the door, and madame herself announced that Mr. HIastings had just arrived, and was waiting for Miiss Yorke in her little salon. Dora trembled from Ilead to foot. Shp grew white as the veil she would wear to morrow. When madame was gone the girl turned to Mrs. Stuart: 'Come with me,' she said, in a broken voice. But the widow left her at the door. She felt that no lover would care for a third at his meeting with his betrothed. In spite pf all the splendour which awaited Dorothea, somehow, as Mrs. Stuart left her, she pitied her; poor thotgl; the widow was, she would not have had Rosamond 0F Evelyn in Miss Yorke's place. Dora Yorke walked slowly up to MIr. Ha i.gs, 'Y9 stood. ,.lrin. .gais i)iet mantelpiece, watching her every movement. He noticed her queenly step, her graceful figure, and her rich grey silk dress, and he thought what a beautiful wife he should have He never thought about her heart; it never occurred to him that if this girl did not love him she might love someone else. He saw only her beauty. He took both her hands in his, and drew her to himself, look ing full into her eyes. He never troubled about the soul which was shining out of their depths--the soul which at his request was yielding to a strong temptation. 'Everything is ready, Elena.' He often called her by her second name, preferring it to the more homely Dorothea, and she her self cared little. '.Mrs. Stuart has been very kind.' 'Ah, we must ask her to the Lodge one of these days. Our wedding is very near now. At ten o'clock to-morrow you will be my wife.' As she stood there so near the man into whose hands to- morrow she would resign her whole future, an awful fear seized her. Did they'two care enough about each other to go down life's pathway together I 'M r. Hastings,' she said, eagerly, 'are you quite sure you don't repent it I' 'I am certain that I wish you to be my wife.' 'I am so afraid,' came from the girl's trembling lips; 'it is for all our lives, you know. Are you quite sure I shall makle you happy ?' 'Yes. You are nervous and over anxious, my dear. All this excitement has upset you.' He made her sit down on a sofa, and placed himself beside lor; she was passive as a statue in his hands. 'Do you like Paris, Elena ?' 'I like it very much.' It was wonderful how little of love there was in their conversation; only when he rose to go he took her in his arms and kissed her two or three times as he said proudly, 'my beautiful wife,' then he left her. 'I cannot be alone,' said Dora, an hour later, to Rosamond. 'I feel that I should never close my eyes. Oh, Rose, do stay with me.' The appeal was so earnest, thatRosamond yielded at once. S' I wonder how girls generally feel the night before they are married,' said Dora, sadly, when they two were left alone. ' I.don't know,' answered Rose, cheerfully. ' Dora, you look ps though you were going to a funeral. Brighten up, do.' 'I feel so frightened,' said Dora, in a hushed whisper. ' I was reading the sersice over this morning. ' Till deathdo us part;' it is an awful time, Rosso ; I am so young, I might live fiftY years,' ' I daresay Mr. Hastings hopes you will. Dora, it has struck ten, and we mqs b40 tp ever so early tq-ntorrqrw ; do let's go to bed.' But there was no sleepiness in the clear eyes of the bride elect. Rosamond walked away to the looking-glass and began to brush out her long fair hair, thinking the while shp should not have been so dull if she were going to marry a rich man to-morrow. Suhe noticed Miss Yorke untie a ribbon at her neck and take offa small lqcket which had beoi suspendcd frosm'it. iqso saow the girl's face full of one cruel, bitter pain, then she crept to Dora's side and lookled over her shoulder. The locket was open, and Miss Yoke's eyes were fixed on the photographs it contained. Rosamond saw the face, then she went back to the mirror full of great surprise, while Dora, unconsecious that her secret was hers no longer, with one supreme effort, dropped the locket into the flames; then she went to bed, and with her hand clasped in Rosamond's fell asleep Rosamond never closed her eyes. She noticed Dora's restless, disturbed slumber, s'w the scalding tears she shed in some fitful dream, listened to her wild entreaties for help to some one far away. Distinctly Rose caught the appeal to ' Vere,' her 'love, her life,' to come and save her. It was eight o'clock when Dora woke the next morning, and Rosamond, up and dressed, stood at the bedside with a tray covered with a dainty breakfast. 'How' soundly you slept, Dora.' ' Yes, I felt so very tired. Rose, I didn'I talk about anything, did I 1' And Rose answered 'No' as Evelyn came in to claim hier share of the arduous task of dressing the bride. It seemed to Dora this task would never be completed, yet in reality the girls were very quick. They coiled her soft hair round her shapely head, arranged the train of her satin dress with artistic care. Evelyn fastened her veil, Rose handed her her bouquet. 'Now look at yourself,' cried the girls 'Mamma, isn't she lovely I' ' Very,' replied Mlrs. Stuart, gently. 'I hope shie may be as happy.' Dorothea broke down at that, and clune to the widow, and crying as though her heart would break. The girls, in despair, went away to don their bridesmaids' dresses perhaps, after all, their mother was Dora's best comforter. Don't, dear,' said the kindly woman; 'it hurts me to see you. This should be the happiest day in all your life.' 'If I'm doing wrong,' whispered Dora 'and, oh, I'm a'raid I am, do you think can bear all the pain ? I couldn't boas thai he should suffer too.' 'He' might have meant the husband whs was awaiting her, or the man she once thought would have been in his place. 'We've each our own share of suffering dear child,' answered Mrs. Stuart. 'I hope yours will be a light one.' The carriage was waiting, and they al drove to the English Church; the bridegroon and his best man were there wd.iting them also the latter's father, a kind old general who had come to give away the bride. Mrs Stuart retreated into a pew. Dora took the general's arm, and, followed by her bridesmaids, walked up the aisle. Hei' fears, her hesitation had vanished. She had nerved herself for the effort throughout the service her voice niever faltered; clear as a bel her responses rang out through the church her composure never once gave wsy, nois eveq when she wrote her name for the last time, Dorother Elona yorlke. General I\lunro availed himself of his priviledgo, kissed her on her broad, white forehead, and, makling some pretty speech addressed heras Mrs. Hastings. The bride looked round inquiringly as though the inam had been applied to another ; then, realising that all was finished anid she was her owsr no longer, she fell forwsard senseless istlo hcr husband's arms. TO BE CONTINUED. 