THE SHADE OF DACEY. [Air, 'Hury Inula Littlo L;imb,'j ?DaoBV had a Bpectre gaunt, u phantom stem and grim, And everywhere that Dacey went it followed after him ; It tracked him up to Coraki, it got into the hall, And asked hint questions by the yard on subjects great and small. When Dacey fled to Casino it got upon his track, And haunted and harrassed him till he turned his fnntstens hack. It got to Ballina with him, and sipped his toddy there, And tlmt 'twould have poor Dacey's scalp the people did declare, And so they promptly turned it out, but still it lingered near, And- waited patiently about till Daccy did ap |X?ar. And then it ran to him and put its questions once again. While the audience relented, and cheered with might and main. V What makes the ghost haunt Dacey so the people all did cry — ' Because he's on the crooked path,' came back the prompt reply. Then Dacey fled to Lismore, but the shade turned up there too, Aud Dacey'sknees did tremble when the spectre came in view. Says hp, 'I'll fly to Murwillumbah, it surely won't come there,' But soon his hopes were dashed away, and he was in despair — For when the train he boarded and the carriages . did scan, The first thing that he saw was that infernal bogey man. Disquieted he left the spot, and vigorously swore That till the spirit was laid low, he would come there no more. This awful threat the people heard with counten ances sad, But some declare — perhaps with truth — that they were very glad. At anyrate the cross they bear, and laugh with all their heart, When they recall poor Dacey's fears and Casey's active part. A False,. Prophet. — Mr. J. Nl'Furljknp, M.P., writes to the League us follows :-t~' I have returned from an extensive tour of the northern rivers, and held in all upwards of 30 meetings, every one of which was of a most orderly and satisfactory character, and well attended. I believe that the Clarence, Rich mond, and Ballina districts will be against the bill. The prominent members of the Federal League, which was established at Mncleau, have decided to fight against the measure.' — Sydney D. Telegraph. Remarkable Case. — A most unusual case has been under treatment in the Dunediu Hospital. A small boy, hearing the firebell ring, started to run for the scene of the fire. He had in his mouth ut the time a stnall whistle, and in his breutliless excitement he swallowed this. It stuck in his windpipe, and the boy was picked up by a cabman when almost choked, und taken to the hospital. Whenever the lad drew a deep breath the whistle sounded. Shortly afterwards, how ever, the whistle found its way into the boy's lungs, as was disclosed by the use of theRont gen rays, and his case was very serious, as the results of an operation were very doubtful. It was decided to wait for a day or two in the hope that a fit of coughing might dislodge the obstruction, and the decision was justified, for in a violent Bt of coughing the whistle was dislodged from the lungs. * Defrauding the Customs. — The Minister of Customs at Melbourne on Saturday dealt with Mr. Edward Pietzsch, who had passed an entry for certain clothing which he declared had been used prior to importation. He also declared that he was a passenger by the F.M.S. Australien, and had been accompanied by hisiwife and children. The Customs De partment found that the goods in question nad'never been used by Pietzsch, and that his wife and family had not been out of t he colony, and that it was six years since he had visited Europe himself. A fine of £100 was imposed, and the duty was ordered to be paid. White Cliffs Political Labor League has re quested the central executive to expel Mr. Sleuth from its ranks, in consequence of his advocacy of the Federal Bill. Tho average payment in tuxes by the head of every family in N. S. W. is £42 4s 3d, in South Australia £32 12s 8d, in Victoria £31 8s 8d, in Canada £8 9s 4d, and in Switzerland £6 ,4s. The cost of Government in N.'S.. 'Wales is vastly higher than in any other country. Premier Reid is of opinion that the site of the seat of Government will be on the South ern line, a little below Goulburn. The.-.Maiquis of Londonderry, Lord Rose bery, Earl Spencer, and Lord Wolseley sup port the project for the construction of a tunnel betweeu Great Britain and Ireland at a cost 1)1 ;x-iu,uuu,ow. -. Mr. Devlin has so far inoculated 2000 head of cattle in his district. The remains of a Hindoo, who died in a country town in Victoria recently, were pub licly cremated by his fellow countrymen. Poor Lyne is now right out of line, and it's a puzzle to know where lie will go for a seat in Parliament. Luck can hardly be expected to favor him again like it did last year. Last election he was chosen by the iunocent voters of the Hume because he supported Barton, who was considered to be more likely to get Federation than Reid. The House of Commons rejected a motion in favor of disallowing the Indian counter vailing duties on hounty-fed imported sugar, by 203 to 152. Mr. Chamberlain said the counteracting bounties by the imposition of duties wus not u violation of freetrade, as the countervailing duties were a matter of expedi ency. He protested against the subordinat ing of the interests of the colonics to the interests of British consumers and producers. The P. and 0. Co. paid £27,000 as salvage on the steamer Chiiuv. Bankrupt — Robert Marshall, of Mulluin bimby. Sixty-mio cases of sirmll-pox aro reported from Hull, Yorkshire, and 13 have resulted fatally. Ten thousand visitors aro Socking, to Rennes for the Dreyfus trial. 