DIOCESAN NEWS. Confirmation - in Perth. On Sunday morning His Lordship the Bishop, who was as sisted by the Right Rev. Monsignor Bourke, V.G., and the Rev. Father Griffin, administered the Sacrament of confirmation to some 140 recipients at the Cathedral of the Immaculate Concep tion. Before administering the Sacrament, the Bishop addressed a few words to the candidates. His Lordship said he was pleased to see so many prepared to receive the third person of the Blessed Trinity. They remembered that to-day was the anniversary of the day on which the Holy Ghost, as Our Blessed Lord had promised, descended upon His Apostles. t They had all been filled with the Holy Ghost and had then boldly preached the Gospel to the people. The Apostles imposed their hands on those who had been instructed and baptised and . they, also received the Holy Ghost. They addressed them and said — Do you not know that you are the temple of the Holy Ghost? Everyone who was confirmed received the Holy Ghost. Each individual was guided by the Spirit of God or by an evil spirit. If they were living good and faithful lives it would be known that they were guided by the Spirit of God. If not they would be under the guidance of a spirit of lust or avarice, or some other spirit of evil. . They were now about to receive the Spirit of God. The Holy Ghost would descend upon them in the Sacrament as surely as- He had descended upon the Apostles. He would abide with them if they did nothing to drive Him away. His Lordship exhorted them to raise their hearts to God in pre paration for the great gift they were about . to receive. The Bishop then administered the Sacrament. At the conclusion of the rite, the Bishop asked the children just confirmed to take the pledge of total abstinence — a rule which his Lordship said he had established throughout his diocese as a means of safety. The children pledged themselves as follows, repeating the words after the Bishop : — " I promise to abstain from all intoxicating drinks until I am 21 years of age, in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost." His Lordship then said that now though they were young and weak, the Holy Ghost would make them able to profess their faith before the world. No power on earth with out their voluntary consent could make them deny the faith. Our Blessed Lord had said that those who confessed Him before men, He would confess before the Angels of God. No Church was true, but the Holy Catholic Church. They were not to be deceived, or misled by the babblings of those out- side. God the Holy Ghost had been given to them that they might know the Catholic faith was true, and if they kept the faith, God would fulfil His promises to them. The children piesented a very neat and becoming appearance. The girls of wnora 54 were from St. Joseph's School were prettily dressed iu white with veils and wreaths, their confirmation medals being suspended from crimson ribbons. Their appearance and behaviour did great credit to the Sisters of Mercy. . The boys of whom there were from 40 to 50, came from the College and Schools of the Christian Brothers, and also testified by their demeanour to the excellent train ing bestowed upon them. Several adults were also confirmed. The Karrakatta Cemetery. Speaking on Sunday in the cathedral his Lord ship the Bishop laid before the congregation a position of some difficulty which had been created for Catholics with respect to the new cemetery at Karrakatta. The Bishop explained the obligation under which Catholics were of burying their dead in consecrated ground. He was, however, . he said, unable to consecrate the portion of the cemetery proposed for allotment to the Catholic community, as in accordance with ecclesiastical discipline and the law of the Church, ground to be consecrated must be vested in the ecclesiastical authorities, and in relation to the ground in question this was refused. As in the case of the Perth Cemetery for which he held the title, he had no- desire to have matters conducted in a manner different from that in the por tions allotted to other denominations, but he was compelled to adhere to the princi ples of the Church, which prescribed that he must have the absolute control of the ground before consecrating it. In the alternative, the Bishop suggested that if it were the wish of his people he would place at their disposal from 10 to 30 acres of his private property at Subiaco for . the establishment of a cemetery. He would be pleased to hear from members of the congregation on the subject. Society of the Children of Mary. Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament was given in the chapel of the Society on Sunday afternoon by the Rev. Fr. Cleary. Next Sunday there will be a general communion and at 4 p.m. a pro cession of the society will take place at the cathedral. Benediction will be given and the Yery Rev. Father Cox, O.M.I., will preach. The Rev. Father O'Reilly. The Rev. Fr. O'Reilly at his own request has been removed to the hospital at Northam. His medical attendant hopes that with rest and care, the rev. gentleman will be re stored to convalescence. . We are happy to an- Rev. Fr. Stritch. nounce that the Rev. Father Stritch has so far recovered from his recent illness as to have been able to return to the Bishop's palace. The Bishop, of Perth. His Lordship has this week paid a visit to Newcastle and New Norcia, returning on Thursday to Perth. W.A. APOTHECARIES CO., LTD., re plete with the latest medical remedies, Hay- street, De Baun's Buildings, William- street, and cr. William and Murray- streets. Telephone 258. 