DEBATE.—IS SPIRITUALISM ANTI-CHRISTIAN? Rev. F. J. Wilkin M.A. affirms. Mr Jas. A. S. Brown denies. Second Evening, 2nd March. Mr Geo. Adams, J.P., Chairman. (Debate Continued.) Rev. F. J. Wilkin: Before I go on with my proof passages I must for one moment explain that when I say that Mr Brown is anti-Christian I do not mean that he is a bad man. What I mean is that he is anti-Christian so far as Christ is concerned, being op- posed to His sovereignty though he accepts His ethical teachings. I don't want to make unfounded and unchari- table charges such as he suggests. Mr Brown said I admitted there are a great many things on which we are both agreed; but we disagree on those which are the basis, the specific marks of Christianity. Mr Brown said that no Spiritualist denies theresurrection of our Lord Jesus Christ. My au- thority for making the assertion that they do is a book called " Spirit Teach- ings" by M. A. Oxon (Rev. Stainton Moses, M. A.), from which I have drawn much of my information concerning Spiritualism. Reason is a fallible power, and if you are going to judge everything by reason unanimity is im- possible. There are 15 passages in scripture where it is stated that Jesus "came" into the world, and 32 which say he was "sent" into the world, and 4 which say Heaven was a place where he was before. John vi, 62. "What and if ye shall see the Son of Man as- cend up where he was before? John xvii.. 6. "And now, O Father, glorify Me with Thine own self, with the glory which I had with thee before the world was." John xvii, 25. "O. Righteous Father, the world hath not known Thee, but I have known Thee, and these have known that Thou hast sent Me." Jesus claimed pre existence— "Verily verily I say unto you before Abraham was I am." John viii, 58. He does not say "I was," but by the word he uses he affirms his absolute pre-existence. He came into the world. He was sent into the world. God knew Him before this world was; before Abraham was, Jesus Christ had an existence, thus affirming that he had an existence before he came into this world. That is all I ask you to accept from these texts. Seven times at the very least Jesus claimed to be the Son of God and that God was his Father. Matt, xi, 27. "All things are delivered unto Me of My Father, and no one knoweth the Son but the Father; neither knoweth any man the Father save the Son, and he to whomsoever the Son will reveal Him." This Sonship is not temporal, official and external, but eternal, personal and essential. From Christ's own lips it is fully and definitely affirmed as a reality. Jesus Christ, with his back against the wall, appeals to his Father. His Father and he have mutual know- ledge of one another. Read Matt. xxvi, 63, 64. "And the High Priest answered and said unto him, I adjure Thee by the living God that Thou tell us whether Thou be the Christ, the Son of God. Jesus saith unto him, Thou hast said; nevertheless I say unto you, hereafter shall ye see the Son of Man sitting on the right hand of power and coming in the clouds of Heaven." Thus on His oath He claimed to be the Son of the living God, and lest it should seem to be utterly impossible, he added the latter emphatic declaration as to the future. The priests had no doubt about his claim. They said he had spoken blasphemy. There was no blasphemy in claiming to be the Messiah, and yet they haled Him before Pilate and asked for his crucifixion because he had made himself out to be equal with God. John viii, 19. "Then said they unto Him, where is Thy Father? Jesus answered, ye neither know Me nor My Father; if ye had known Me, ye should have known My Father also." John x, 28. "And I give unto them eternal life; and they shall never perish, neither shall any pluck them out of My hand. Here Jesus Christ claims in the clearest way to be the Son of God. I affirm that these words from Christ's own lips teach us explicitly that he is the Son of God. He gives eternal life. He was God's son, knowing God before the world was. He claimed equal power and authority with God. Who is this that stands on the little boat and says to the waves "Be still ?" All must ac- knowledge that he was more than man. Who is this that expels the demons and whom the demons ac- knowledge? He claims to have power over death. He calls Lazarus back to life who has been in the grave four days. He forgives sin. The Pharisees were right when they said "No man can forgive sin." The power of absolution given to the disciples means the power to pronounce men forgiven who accept Christ's atonement. In the great baptismal formula used by all churches throughout Christen- dom occur the words "in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost." He claims power which he shares with the Father. John v, 17,19. "My Father worketh hitherto and I work. Therefore the Jews sought the more to kill him because he not only had broken the Sabbath, but said also God was his Father, making himself equal with God. Then answered Jesus and said unto them: "Verily, verily, I say unto you, the Son can do nothing of Himself, but what He seeth the Father do, for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise." John xv, 10\. "Believest thou not that I am in the Father and the Father in Me? The words that I speak unto you, I speak not of Myself; but the Father that dwelleth in Me, He doeth the works." Just as truly as He was in the Father, the Father was in Him. We have no right to alter the connotation of these clauses. One means just as much as the other, and they affirm the personal equality of Jesus Christ with God. Jesus says (John xvii, 10.) "And all Mine are thine, and thine are Mine, and I am glorified in them." He claims equality of position with the Eternal. John x.80, "I and my Father are one." I take these words in their plain significance. Can language speak plainer? The Bible is a book for unlearned men. There is no need for a man to be college trained in order to understand it. Jesus claimed to be one with God. Some- body says that means being in moral harmony with God. Jesus Christ un- derstood his own nature, and said that His equality with God was the guaran- tee of safety for all that trust Him. Mere moral harmony could give no such pledge. There are some 75 texts I have referred to. To take one by itself you might doubt its force; but you cannot doubt the cumulative testi- mony of them all. It was affirmed that He was the Son of God. I claim that it is one of the fundamental veri- ties of the Christian faith that He is the Son of God. Mr Brown says he denies the deity of Jesus, but he is quite willing to admit his divinity. If he denies the deity, I say his position is, to that extent, anti Christian. I have left out Peter's confession when he said "Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God." This belief was forced upon Peter by a close observa- tion of the Savior's life. He had to admit that the character of Jesus was superhuman. That was the impres- sion made upon the disciples. They saw Him in private and in public. They lived with Him, and having lived with Him they knew His life was super- human, and went away and said He was in very truth the Son of God. They preached that truth, and they died for that faith. I have left out John's magnificent prologue, in which he speaks about the Word. I have left out the evidence of miracles. I have just taken Christ's own words but I should have been able to show you you from Matthew to Revelations the same truths concerning His pre- existence and equality with God. Six different writers without collusion arrive at the same conclusion. The New Testament says that Jesus is the Son of God. Mr Brown says He is not the God in the sense of equality, and so I say I can't come to any other con- clusion than that a Spiritualist who takes that position is anti-Christian. Mr Brown has charged us with a belief in Tritheism. There is a big difference between the Christian belief in the Trinity and the belief in Tritheism. Mr Brown says a belief in the Trinity is to him unreasonable. I say it is not repugnant to reason. It is mysterious and above reason. If I could understand the mystery about the God- head, I don't see how I could worship God. We accept a great many things that we can't explain. We cannot explain our own nature. In everyone of us there is a body, soul and spirit. Mr Brown will say the same. The body is material; the spirit is imma- terial. Because the body is material it is therefore liable to dissolution. The spirit is immaterial, and consequently indivisible and indissolvable. You can't understand matter any more than you can understand spirit. We know matter by the senses, we cognise spirit by consciousness, and the testimony from the latter is at least as strong as the testimony from the physical senses. Do you understand the connection between body and spirit, or where the seat of life or of thought is? No man can tell you where the seat of thought is. No man can prove what memory is.— Mr Brown: Mr Chairman, Ladies and Gentlemen,—I still want you to bear in mind we are here to deal with facts, texts, and arguments. Mr Wilkin has been endeavoring to show that Jesus was the son of God. I am not disputing that. Has he given you a clear passage to show you beyond doubt that Jesus was God. He has not given you one text that proves it. Was Jesus God? That is the point. I told you at the very commencement of this debate that we should be piling texts one against the other. I knew it. Mr Wilkin has given you his idea. What he says is the gospel. What he has to prove is that Jesus was God, and that Jesus said I had to believe it. I showed the other evening that when men came face to face with Jesus Christ and asked him that important question, did he ever say he was the Deity, or that you had to believe that he was the Deity in order to be saved? When the ruler asked him the definite question, "What must I do to inherit eternal life?" Jesus Christ should have said, according to Mr Wilkin, "You have to believe, it is a most essential thing to believe, that I am God." But he did not even say "You have to believe that I am the Son of God." Mr Wilkin is not touching the vital point; he is only quibbling with these texts. On another occasion when a young man came to Jesus Christ and asked, "What must I do to be saved?" Jesus never said he was God, or that the young man had to believe in the Son of God, or that he had to believe in the shedding of His blood; but He simply laid down these things which Spiritualism claims are Christian, and on other points He left them in the dark. To Nicodemus he never said, "You have to believe that I am God." Even if He were God, He did not tell them that they had to believe it; and if we don't believe it we are called anti-Christian, simply because we can't believe it! Mr Wilkin spoke of Tri- theism. I want to know if Jesus says God the Father is God, God the Son is God, and God the Holy Ghost is God. If each of them is God, I want to know how there is only one God. How can you show it to me? Mr Wilkin says it is a mystery; and am I to be damned because I can't grasp a mys- tery he can't explain? Am I to be branded as anti-Christian because I can't grasp it? I believe Jesus had a pre- existence before his birth in Judea; and Spiritualism throws some light on this in its re-incarnation theory. If He did exist, He was a created being. I maintain according to all reason that if He was the Son of God, He was created after the Father had already had an existence. How could he be Son of God if he was the creator of God? I might just as well say, accord- ing to the reasoning of Mr Wilkin, that the prophet Elias lived in the time of the nativity, because Jesus dis- tinctly said that John the Baptist was Elias. Then again, when the high priest said", "I adjure thee by the living God he might as well have said, "I adjure thee as the living God." But he did not ask Jesus whether He was God, but "Art thou the Christ?" It meant to the Jews, "Are you the Messiah?" and if the immaculate conception be true, where is the Messiah? The Messiah was to be of the seed of David, and if Joseph was not literally his father, he could not be of the seed of David. How does a miracle prove that He was God? There is hardly a miracle that Jesus Christ per- formed that was not equalled by the miracles recorded in the Old Testament. The fact that Jesus walked on the water was no more extraordinary than what was stated long ages before of iron being made to float, an axe head to swim. Raising the dead didn't prove Jesus was God. In the Old Testament it is recorded that the dead were restored to life by Elijah and Elisha. If they did raise them, then according to Mr Wilkin s logic, they were Gods. Mr Wilkin said that the power to forgive sin proved that Jesus was God. We are told by John (chap. xx, 22, 28) Jesus breathed on the disciples and said, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost; whosesoever sins ye remit they are remitted unto them, and whosesoever sins ye retain they are retained." Then according to Mr Wilkin's argument each of the dis- ciples became a God. Then Mr Wilkin speaks about the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost, about the three names being coupled together. If there were three persons then there were three Gods, and the Bible says there is only one God. In the Bible we read that Moses spoke to the people, and then that Moses and God spoke to the people. Moses is here coupled with God, and, according to Mr Wilkin, that meant that Moses was God. There is not a bit of reason or com- mon sense in the argument. Mr Wilkin says Jesus claimed to be equal with God. Where did he claim to be equal with God? He said, "My Father is greater than I." How could he be equal with God, if God were greater than he? Mr Wilkin urged that because Jesus said "I and my Father are one," that that proves they are identical. Let the words be submitted to the test of usage in every-day life, common experience. When a man takes unto himself a wife it is said that they twain are one flesh. I have the best wife that ever breathed. My wife and I are one in the sense of the text; but if I wished to bring her along with me on the trip to Kerang, and we got into the railway carriage, the railway official would come along and say "Tickets, please!" Do you think when I told him "Oh, my wife and I are one," that he would allow us to travel on the same ticket? He would say, "I don't doubt you are united: but there are two of you and you must get a ticket apiece." Mr Wilkin quotes the text "At that day ye shall know that I am in the Father." I never said that Jesus was not in the Father nor the Father in Him. I have main- tained that throughout: but that does not prove Jesus was God." I am in the Father and ye in Me." Does that prove that every man that is in Christ is really Christ ? Why, then, accord- ing to Mr Wilkin's logic I can stand up and say that I am Christ, and con- sequently I can't be anti-Christian. John xvii, 22. "The glory which Thou gavest Me I have given them that they may be one even as we are one." Does that mean that we all are literally the Deity?" John xvii, 21. "As thou Father art in Me and I in Thee; that they also may be one in us." Then by this, according to Mr Wilkin's logic, they were all Gods, and each of the disciples could say, "I am the Deity and in a unique sense the Son of God?" You should look this argument of Mr Wilkin's fairly and clearly in the face; and I say it is no argument. Listen to this: "I will put My Spirit upon Him." If He was God, what was the sense? And I say it reverently, what a foolish thing to put a little more of God on God! Then we read Jesus of Nazareth said to him who called him "Good Master," "Why callest thou Me good? There is none good but God; but if thou wilt enter into life keep the com- mandments." Then He says, "Abide in Me and I in you." Then he prays. Every time He spoke He acknowledged it was by God's power, and so far from claiming to be God, when the rich young man addressed him as Good Master, He rebuked him and said, "There is none good but God." Jesus had here a magnificent oppor- tunity of settling the question. Why was it kept in such mystery? All that Jesus ever claimed was that He was sent by God, that God was in Him, the power, the spirit and the fulness of God. We are taught in the epistles that we are to be filled with the fulness of God. Does that mean that all there was in God is to be put in us? As far as it was possible for Jesus to con- tain God He was filled with the spirit of God, and in such a way as no other man ever was. I maintain that I am giving Jesus the highest position that I can conscientiously give him. Where is the person that can say I am anti- Christian? Rev. F. J. Wilkin: Mr Chairman, Ladies and Gentlemen.—I am very glad friends, that on this very high and august theme we are considering, every- one is so reverent. A subject like this should be handled as we handle matters of life and death; and I express my heartfelt gratification at the spirit that has prevailed this evening. I promised at the outset that I would not stoop to levity or ridicule. I will now proceed with my argument. I was speaking about our own tripartite personality, or the trinity in our own persons. When we can understand the trinity in our own nature we may hope to begin to understand the Infinite Trinity. I will say that we will never understand the Trinity in the Godhead until we reason upwards from our own mys- terious personality. There is a trinity in myself, and in each of us. I do not mean body, soul and spirit, because one of these terms is material, and soul and spirit are immaterial. We possess a life, vital, intellectual and spiritual, and so in the Infinite Deity there is life vital intellectual and spiritual. There is the Eternal Father, who is life absolute, whose name is for ever and for ever I am. There is the Son, the Eternal Word, the reason, the utterance or declaration of God; and there is the Spirit, the quickening energy of God. Life, intelligence and spirit are one in God; they are one in man. We argue from self to God, and there is no other way in which we can reach a true conception of God. Man was made in the image of God, and only from himself can he climb "the altar stairs that slop through darkness up to God." This is what I do affirm: That the mystery of the trinity in man is of the same character as the mystery of the Trinity in God. If man cannot understand the Trinity in God no more can he understand the trinity in himself. I predicate true deity of these three subsistences in one substance. While God is a personality these three personalities are one. There is an illustration in the lamp before me. There are three forces, radiant energy chemical energy and heat energy. If you take away one of these energies then there is no light left at all. God is light, and in Him is no darkness. Christ is the Light of the World, and the Spirit illumines all. These three are one, I hold the Trinity in that sense. I do not hold it in the sense of Tritheism. I believe this explanation of the Trinity is harmonious with everything that can be demanded by the closest reasoner. I have about gone through the main points in Mr Brown's contentions. Jesus Christ affirms he was the Deity. This is the position. Mr Brown says he accepts Jesus Christ as a teacher. If he does that he does not accept Jesus Christ's words. Jesus speaks decidedly about Himself, and I ask Mr Brown to take these words in their ordinary significa- tion. Mr Brown says that there is no teaching of immortality apart from Spiritualism, but I shall have to leave that point until to-morrow night as it is a big subject. He refers to the young man who came to Jesus Christ, and argues that because Jesus did not tell him that belief in His deity was necessary, that it was unnecessary. But Jesus said. "He that believeth in the Son hath Christ answered that young man ac-- cording to his necessities; but the great principle He always laid down was that we have eternal life by Himself only. Jesus Christ affirms that only through Himself we know life. Mr Brown says that Spiritualists admit the pro- existence of Jesus Christ. If he says one thing more clearly than another it is that Jesus had pre-existence in the Divine purpose in the same sense as ordinary mortals. With regard to the doctrine of re-incarnation, Alan Kardec, the most philosophic writer on Spiritualism, distinctly teaches it. It is almost the keystone of his system. On the other hand, Mr H. Junor Browne does not admit the doctrine of re- incarnation. I find Spiritualists are not agreed on that point. Mr Brown refers to John the Baptist as the re- incarnation of Elias. Did not Jesus say that John came in the spirit of Elias? Jesus Christ wrought miracles in a different way to the miracles of the Old Testament. No man ever wrought a miracle in his own name save Jesus Christ. In His own name He raised the dead. Without any imparted energy He wrought miracles and raised the dead, and it is not fair to place His miracles against those of the Old Tes- tament. They differed in that important respect. In His own name Christ for- gave sins, but He said remission was possible only in one way—He had to die that sins might be remitted; and if sins can only be remitted by His sacri- fice it is only through the merits of that sacrifice that sin can be forgiven. Mr Brown came back on my text, "I and my Father are one." This referred to no mere moral harmony. He makes that a guarantee and pledge that those who put their trust in Him shall be saved. Though I can humbly say I and my father are one, I can't guarantee the salvation of any man, but He guarantees personal salvation to man- kind, because he is one with the Eternal God. The Jews took up stones to stone Him. Would they have done so if they understood merely that he claimed to be one with God in the sense of moral harmony? There may be differences as to details of doctrine and creeds among the various Christian churches, but they are one in spirit. On the fundamental verities they are agreed. Mr Brown asked how Jesus Christ could be anointed with the Holy Spirit when He was already God. Jesus acknowledged that while here amongst men He was limited. He voluntarily limited Himself. He did not live in the plenitude of His glory. He once confessed ignorance; He never acknowledged sin. I have tried to confine my attention to the words of the Lord Jesus Christ, and I will now commend passages to your notice, show- ing that it is stated that Jesus emptied Himself of the divine energy when He lived in His humiliation amongst men. Taking upon Himself our humanity He was anointed by the Holy Spirit and became our exemplar. If He had not come down, to that place he could not have been our exemplar; and because He was anointed by the Holy Spirit He became our exemplar. He said "Abide in Me," and we can't abide in Him and have life unless we believe in His deity. I do not think it wise to broach any new question to-night. We have only just touched on the fringe of this great ques- tion. There are half-a-dozen points that I should like to touch upon—vicarious sacrifice, the character of sin, the resur- rection of Jesus, etc. These are all points in which Christianity is opposed to Spiritualism. I think I will now leave this question of the deity of Christ, and perhaps Mr Brown and I will be able presently to agree as to the points we shall discuss to-morrow night. The chairman said it had been agreed to set apart 10 minutes for questions from the audience touching on the sub- ject of the debate. Mr Chris. A. Cowper: May I ask Mr Brown to inform me how spirit in- tercourse is conducted with those who have passed away from this world? Mr Brown: I will try to show that from the Bible; because in this dis- cussion we are bound to that book as the authority. In the Bible we read of many ways in which communications have been received from spirits by mor- tals. In some cases people were clair- voyant or clear-seeing; they had open vision. Then there were materialisa- tions. Abraham had visitors in visible form and with audible voices. We read of messages coming from the un- seen world by the oracle. David went to the ephod and inquired of the Lord. That was something similar to the com- munications we get in the present day through table tilting or rapping. In the present day we get intercourse through a trance medium, the spirit using the organisation of the sensitive in trance and inspiring the utterance. The spirit is then said to "control" the medium. There are spirits here now. You ask why can't we see them? They, being clothed in spiritual bodies different from our physical bodies, we cannot see them unless we are clairvoyant or hear them unless we are clairandient. But if the conditions were present to allow them to "materialise" we should hear and see them as we do each other. There are thousands of men and women that do not believe in the existence of spirits around them; but yet they will believe that Elijah and Elisha saw thousands that other men could not see. When these spirits come, and you can't see them with your physical eyes, there are many ways in which they can mani- fest their presence and communicate. We are only now commencing to under- stand electricity. In the same way, by experiment, we are beginning to get a little knowledge of the methods of com- munication. When they (the spirits) cannot materialise and speak audibly, they can by making certain signs, tilts or raps on a table, convey intelligent messages. Sometimes they write through the hand of a sensitive. Some- times the writing is direct and indepen- dent, as at the feast of Belshazzar, when the King's father's hand (materia- lised) wrote on the wall. Jesus Christ was a medium and received messages written through spirit agency. When the woman taken in adultery was brought to him and they charged her with the sin, they gave Jesus a question he could not answer. He stooped down and wrote on the sand. Then he stood up and gave the message. What common sense could there be in a man scribbling on the ground if he could give a direct answer? Then they asked a farther question. He did not know how to treat her. Again he stooped and wrote on the sand and again answered. He was under spirit control and that message came through His hand by Mr Isaac Ston: Under the old dis- pensation, in the records of the Old Testament, communications came by spoken words and not by signals or actions. Can Mr Brown tell us or show us any comparison between the two? In the present day all communications are by signs, not by words. Mr Brown: I say it is not by action or signals only. It has been proved by good evidence that materialised spirits have been heard to speak, have been seen, felt, handled and spoken to and recognised. (Here an audible smile rippled over the faces of a section of the audience.) Mr Brown: It is strange to me that you will believe such things happened 1800 years ago to people you don't know anything about, but because it is in the Bible you will swallow it down. But when there are living men and women who can give proof, state on their honor, that simi- lar things happen to-day men won't believe it. I don't want to force any- one to believe anything; but let those believe who want to believe. When a thing is stated on good authority use your reason and accept it or not as you find it reasonable. Rev. F. J. Wilkin: I think I shall be able to show to-morrow night that it is not reasonable. (To be continued.) 