CHURCH OF ENGTuAKD, ARARAT. . A very large congregation assembled at Holy Trinity Church, Ararat. on-Sun-lay morning last, wjieh the JBev. Edwarfi flemy Davies, formerly of Cteswick, wasj'lnducied as ricar of tbe Arsrat.parisb, as successor to tbe Rev. Canon M'George. The induction was performed by. the Bishop Suftragan, Or. Cooper. The cbuich wore a festival sppcarance, beine very beautifully .de nted by;the ladies of tbe ^decorating guild. A triple arch of a happy blending of yellow and bronze chrysanthemums and dried . grasses screened the altar, whilst on the holy -table beautiful white cross, and tbe pulpit and prayer r desk : were prettily set off'with wreaths of beautiful blooms. The church was crowded to the doors, representatives beiog present from all tbe country churches, including Elmhurst, Great Western, Moyston, Armstrongs, Rhymney, Catbciirt, Buangor, Gleupatrick and Jallukar. - A special order of service was used and tbe ceremony was of an imposing character. Indeed, the thoughL must have arisen iu the aiinds of some that it was not^pfc^ach a character as the simple-minded carpenter of Nazareth would hare taken part in even in a land where Oriental splendor was a prominent feature of mostpnblio. ceremonies. At half-past ten the church doors were closed and the cbnrch wardens and vestrymen took their 6tand inside the porcb to await the arrival of the Bishop-Suffragan and the vicar designate. Bere the Bishop-Suffragan knocked for admission, and as a 9ymbol of possession the keys of tbe sacred: edifice were h&oded; to tbe new vicar; and tbeu, whilst the cbeir and congrega» tion sang the 353rd bymn, the Bishop- Suffragan, the Rev. E. EL Davies and the Rev. A. K. Peacock, followed by the vestrymen, marched up the north aisle of the church to tbe communion rail . Here the Rev. A. E. Peacock lead tbe authoiisation to the Bishop-Suffragan to induct Mr Davies to the charge of the parish, and the vicar, though be looked pale and nervous, in a clear, firm voice tock the prescribed declarations and oaths of obligation and obedience to the articles aod laws of the church now in force or to be passed. The Rev. E. H. Davies was then formally charged and iaducted by Dr. Cooper, and an anthem " Thou wilt keep him in perfect peace," was sung by the choir. Appropriate collects and special prayers were read, and Dr. Cooper preached an eloquent sermon suitable to tbe occasion. Dr. Cooper took his test from the I Chronicles xtviii, '20, H And Devid said to Solomon, be strong and of good cuurage, and do il; fear not nor be dismayed, for tbe Lord God, even my God, will be with thee; He will not fail thee nor forsake thee, nntil tbou has finished all the work for the service of the bouse of the Lord." He reminded bis congregation of how strong was the desire on the part of David to build a suitable bouse for tbe worship of God, and God by bis prophet testified to David that be did well that he had this desire io his heart, though hs was not to be permitted tn carry it out. This thought M'ould be comforting to many who desired to do more than they were permitted to. David was encunraged by and commended for having such a guod desire found in his beart, but was not disappointed at oot being permitted to carry out the whole of his scheme, and did not say if he was not to be allowed to baild the temple be would do nothing. He (tbe preacher) knsw there were at times people even in church wotk wbo, if they had not their own way, would do nothing, but that was not the character of David, God knew wbat DA rid was fitted .for, and sppointed som? one to carry co his woik. David, however, did all he possibly could io the work of preparing the material. They had in tbe book of Chronicles a list of the materials be got ready, and hejobtained from God through bis prophet ihe plan of the temple to be built. Then, more than 2lJf he inspired people by his enthu&iusm;, aud so when Solomon took the structure iu hand he found an enormous quantity of material ready, the plan prepared and people ready to work earnestly with him. Thus Solomon entered upon the labors of others. Whatever our calling each one has entered upon and taken advantage of tbe labors of bis predecessors. How much were they indebted in church life to these who had gone before. Everything was prepared to their hand. They bad tbe Holy Scriptures, that library inspired by tbe Holy Ghost, and wbich had beeu preserved and handed down by the church tc tbem. These bad been commented upon by generation aftet generation of able minds, and thas they inherited in this body of divinity all the wisdom from the foundation of Christianity. They had oot to arrange and provide for the organi§atien of the church, for tbe first Apostles moulded tbe churcb, whicb was modelled not on the Temple, which was one of sacrifice, aod the last sacrifice bad been o lie red up fcr tbem, but on tbe lines of the Synagogue; aud how similar was their service to that which Christ followed. They had set prayers, the Book of Psalms divided into set portions, the readiog of lessons from the holy Scriptures—the law and the prophets, and woids of eihortation just as tu-day they sermon. Thus they entered upon a fcheme of church organisation, suitable to their wants aud needs. Then tbey bad the BOOR of Common Prayer, which, with ell iu faults, seemed to hiji the best vehicle of pablic worship known. Here, lncslly, in connection with the church to which the new vicar had beeu inducted, how tbey weie indebted to the psst. Tbey had a church, school, vicarage, parochial organisation with a vestry, Sunday school, teachers and choir, all t-o hand, so that the new vicar entered on a similar field to Solomon, on ether men's labors. He need not recall to tbe congregation how the two vicars (for, like Warrnambool, Ararat had had only two) had made the new vicar indebted to them tor their labors. None would expect that there would be reproduced in the new vicar just what perhaps they most desired. He will do the Master's work in the way in which he can do it most successfully and profitably. Like Solomon, he would need to carry ou tbe work from eiaotly where hs found it, with the aame injunction—do it. Ihe new vicar finds a plan prepared for him but which may be modified, aod a people filled with enthusiasm, but tbe three conditions David named must be carried ont. He must be strong and of good courage. He must be filled with courage, which is a great factor in carrying on God's work. He most be inspired by courage, which God gives through faith. He must be inspired with that courage which animates tbe British race and bus enabled it to add nation to nation. But a clergyman may be brave and strong, but single handed he conld not do ranch, and he required the help and sympathy of his people. It was the co-operation of the pec pie which enabled Solomon to build the Temple, To give that cooperation the people must be loyal to bim, loyal to the church. That wbich they undertook volontarily must be done earnestly. Then there » necessity. To coumge and cooperation there must be added thi reoogni tinn of the Oivin. prx.no.. ... Xb. Jiri ' ri n „ my Goi wi ' u be with thee;" and they had His promise that He would not fail nor forsake them. Coless God ga« His pressnce all would be io vain. This matte the difiereuce hetwern works whicb Will last and mere superficial work. Jnst as.the minister now inducted will takendvantoge of the labor of ethers, others will resp ft hat he has sown. Hot what does that matter, for tbe day will soroe when tbe great harvest!, gathered-when the reaper and ™n e i r J' , i I i eJoice V« elber - The praaoher concluded by assuring the congregation of God a promise that He will not forsake tbem, E I t l , th , them t'" the work of Christ had been finished. , The newly inducted :vioar preached bis hist sermon m the parish in the afternoon »t Armstrongs, where a splendid oongregs- Hon assembled to weloome him. The Mhool. where services are held, bad been prettily decorated for tbe occasion and pre»nted a Z7J h f» tt . l,f » 1 a PPearauce, rarely indeed hoB it looked so well. •• . In the evening at Ararat s very orowded congregation attended to bear the vicar preacb bis Brat sermon, and without esception everyone was delighted. Tbe band in c * udiD S Messrs. Tyeis (2), E. M Gibbony, Dunn, Smith and Miller; as- M 8 ,. u. . t i >? fr , rioc ' Coring the oflcrtoty Mrs W . 11. Barker aang with gobd effect. If with all your heart," from " Elijah." t he ehoir, who was under tbe oouduotorship of Mr Pearoe, sang Whitford's aervioe. Uishop Cooper in the afternoon addressed the Sunday soliool scholars at Moyston, altortvurds preaching lo a very large cangre- Baiion, and again at Qieat Western in th" t'cnfng the Bishop preaehed to a crowded church from tbe 42aa Psalm.. , - Ust night at Mnyaton Dr. Cooper delivered a lecture on " Birmingham^' to a r,,n 1 oud a coffee supper was held 