POLITICAL POTHERINGS. Stated that when Federation comes off Sir Langdon Bonython will go for a seat in the Senate. The Government came in for a good wigging at the Uraidla Show. Con servatives only were allowed to speak, and they mastered in force. At the Uraidla Show Sir Richard Baker viciously denounced the amend ments proposed to be made in the Commonwealth Bill by the Premiers. Play ford was not allowed to speak, but he got in an interjection that roused Sir Richard's ire to smelter heat. Some of the Liberal candidates for the district of Onkaparinga attended the Uraidla Show, but were not allowed a single word in refutation of the misrepresentations which were freely hurled forth. A. A. Kirkpatrick is a likely candi date for Frome. The Commissioner of Public Works is rubbing his hands in glee at the apparent difficulty of the Sturt Labor Party in the selection of a man to oppose him. If McLachlan and Livingston both run in the Liberal interest for Vic toria there looks an opening for a Conservative to get in between. Burgoyne and Foster have safe seats for Newcastle. Richard Arthur will again go for Yatala. 4 Ebenezer Ward, who has never been able to escape the habit of taking broad national views, remains like a ghost to remind of days long ago, an anachronism, a type of legislator who is dead and buried, and whose grave is fergotten and neglected.1—* Cit' in the Bun yip. Dear Quiz—I did not notice the Hon. John Warren, M.L.C., at E. L. Batchelor's smoke social. Was an in vitation §ent ?—Tuppy. Apropos of the cablegraphic mistake of the Register this story is told :— On the morning the message appeared Sir Richard Baker, who likes to be ceremonious, sought the Speaker and said, 4 Coles, don't you think we ought to send a message of condolence to Her Majesty the Queen concerning the death of her son V The reply to this was the question, (But, Baker, don't you think we'd better first find out who is really dead ? This course was followed, and the Advertiser was found, as usual, to be correct.— 4 Autolycus1 in the Mount Barker Courier. E. L. Batchelor, M.P., will still capture a number of Catholic votes for West Adelaide. Not the least enthusiastic in the assemblage at the recent smoke social to him weee many members of the Church. Walter Griffiths, M.P., has set out on his political pilgrimage to the Northern Territory. He was ban quetted by the Austral Club before he departed last Thursday, when he took train for Oodnadatta. He will do the long overland journey to Port Darwin on horseback. Plain Dealer Southwood will open the political campaign in the Wallaroo district by addressing a meeting at Moonta Mines on 1 Democracy as applied to party politics in South Australia,'—a sort of preliminary skirmish, reserving his electioneering speech for later on. 4 Davie' Packham is likely to be a candidate for East Torrens. He con siders that he was badly treated by Darling's friends at the last elections, for while ' Davie' succeeded in in ducing his supporters not to plump, the others did not carry out their part of the bargain. Lawyer A. J. McLachlan will be in the field for Victoria. The contest will be a very lively one. W. H. Harvey, Secretary of the Miners' Association, Moonta, denies that Plain Dealer South wood will be supported by his crowd. He says, c True, we have decided to support Mr. John Verran as the direct Labor candidate, but have left the matter of a second candidate an open question.' Southwood will capture a number of mining votes anyhow. Clare's Weekly states that the W.A. Government salaries were paid mainly out of the P.O. Savings Bank funds last month. 