A GHOST IN GKEENWIOH COLLEGE. PHANTOM NURSE WALKK TEE WARD. ui'eut difiiculty b.ua veeenky been experi enuvd in ^etling nurses to take night duty in the hoKpitiil attached to (Jreunwkh Colfcjjo, owinjf to tho nuctuviial visitations of a phan tom naive in tho wards and corridors (h;ivk 11 London contcnipoi.iiy of March 19). About a dozen nurses in saeLvssinn have tendered thoir reiitfn;ition.s, after staying from two to six r.-eoks, until tho ,si-n-:c of tho placo being haunted comnletelv uiuirmi'' their nerves. rendering them unfit fur the- duty of tending the Kick. Ouo oi' these nnrsos, who ia now livinv; at homo, gavo the following account of her experience : —'It vas about midnight, and 1 wa;j sitting in the centre of tho room, ex pectin'; every moment to have u cup of tea brought ii]) to mo. A. nurso, «y it siemed to me, entered tho room 11 lew stops, and then went Lack a-;ain without sspcakin-,f. 1 could not undoivitand what it meant, and ran along the pa.s.iu;rc after her. Thero was nobodv'to be .seen, and I was so puzzled that I could 'hardly summon courage enough to *cturn to my port. No te:i was brought to mo that !Mj»'h,t, and in the morning every one denied Jia-vin;.; come into tho ward during tho ni^ht. Then I learned that several nurses had left, tho institution tcared by the .same apparition that 1' had Keen. It was impossible for 1110 to tako duty another night.' Tho report epccdily o;ot abroad that tho colle;.-o was haunted, and loci! spiritualists, of whom thero. aro many in tho Royal taibinb, turned then- attention to tho solution of tho mystory. It was then found that an old dwelling immediately behind the college was qtiito a rcndozv.nisi of chosts— uiiaccountaWo noifes terrified tho outupants nightly, with isundry violent accompaniment's, Mich as ornaments fulling from the shelves, and a bookcase being dislodged from tho wall. Tho spiritualists ar ranged to hold a seance, and hired a medium from Kensington. .\u actress, who was play ing Trilby in 11 touring company, a' so came for an object lesson in hypnotism. There wero iivo ladies and four gentlemen, including a clergyman, who solemni^d tho proceedings with prayer. Presently tho medium became entranced, and tho spirit -which pr*«ep«-d him directed that all the company should de.-wnd to tho basement, Tho t-eqiiel was very ex traordinary. Everybody promptly fell into a trance, and an involuntary five light ensued, the ladies scratching o:u'ii other's' laces and tearing out each other's hair. ].'\\-r kovcoI of tho company that was (heir last Fpiritualiiilic entertainment, and the clerpyinan declines to speak of tho unfair. Vrimt relation exists be tweon theso obstreperous f;pirit.-i and tho phantom nurso is, of eourxa, not known, though very lately other mediums have been requisitioned from Brighton and other places by the moro persistent and courageous of the spiritualists. The press representative was informed by ono of them — not tho spirits, but tho spiritual i»ts— that tho mediums nil con curred that thoro was monoy under the floor of the hoiiBO, So far, however, tho boards havo nob boen tak'en up to put that statement to tho test. . 