»TVVIXT LOVE AND JI1TE. I BY I.. BERTHA M. CLAY, CHAPTER. XLT. (Continued.) THREE CONSPIRATORS. 'Yes,' ho answered. 'I had fore Been this contingency, and had made inquiries. I think if our bereaved hus band will apply to Mr. Huphleigh, resi dent magistrate of the borough of Cran dow, he will geb satisfaction. Perhaps he will even be better treated, because bis oppressors nre Ohesters of Garlowe. Of course, if 1 were in charge of this matter, I would nob make any open movement against the poor woman. 1 1 ?would represent the matter to the magis trate as a probable course for her to takr, end would suggest the .commission of a constable with a warrant) for her de tention in the event of any effort to escape on her part. Then I would give the constable something warm and sooth ing, for his stomach's sake, and something bright and glittering for hia pocket's sake, and would prowl about the Castle, ?watching for my wife to escape-' ' I understand,'' said Du Bois, ' and I will go. Give me directions how to find the magistrate.' 'They will tell you at the station how to reach Crandow, and anybody there will tell yon where Mr. Hupleigh lives.' There waa nothing now to keep Du 'Bois, and he asked permission — it wbb .. nothing else— to go. Seymour accorded it with a nod. 'How cautious you are,' said Lady Dunbar, when she and Seymour were alone. 'And how incautious you aro,' he retorted, with a singular smile. 'For speaking so plainly before^that wretch ?' she demanded. .. 'No, .but. for.giving your confidence to so many.' ' My confidence,' she replied, looking hard ab him. ' To whom have I given my confidence ?' 'If nob you, who then? Unless, in deed, that fellow, Du Bois, ia the guilty man. See this paper,' and he drew a copy of tho Court Mercury from his pocket, and handed it to her, his finger indicating a certain column. She took it uneasily, never knowing what he might have done. But the moment she had glanced ab the head-lines, her eyes lighted up with fierce joy. ' Ah !' she cried, exultantly, ' this time you have given me a pleasure.' The head-lines ran : ' A Rorrance in High Life. — Married a Year, and a Mother, Yet no Wifo. — The Daughter of One of Our Oldest Families Contracts a Secret Marriage Abroad. — DesertB Her Husband on 'What She Supposes His Death bed. — Marries an English Nobleman. — Bears Him a Child — In the Height of Her Prosperity Her Husband Turns up. — The Romantic Story of a Famous Beauty.' Then followed Enid's pitiful story, only so cbauged as to make her appear a heartless and designing creature. Lady Dunbar, familiar as she was with the story, read every word as it was '.printed, her eye gleaming with satisfied 1 bate. 'Oh !-that was a royal bhought, EJg ar,' she eried. ' Worth a kiss, Ada?' She turned to him and bent over him and pressed her lips to his, repugnance even then betraying itself in her action, though she tried bard to hide it. But he seemed not to notice it, and let her gloat for some minutes oyer the distorted story bdfore he spoke again. ' Odd how those newspaper fellows learn everything,' he said. She smiled darkly. 'I suppose' they have secret. ways of their own,' she said, ' and it would be impossible to try bo fathom them. Is it nob so 1' ' Indeed, it is so,' he replied, a ghost of a smile flickering on his lips. ' How in tbe world they learned about that poor creature's story beats me.' . ' Yes,' she said, with a short laugh, ' I suppose so.' ' But tbey do seem to find out every thing,' he went on, reflectively. ' There's another paragreph there somewhere, almost as interesting as that which you have bsen reading. Just turn the sheet. That's ib. Now look somewhere alone; that third column, and see if you find anything interesting there,' The smile of gratified malice still curling his lips, and a gleam of pleased expectation lighting her eyes, she fol lowed tbe brief paragraph down until she suddenly stopped, and tbe smile left her face. As Bhe read, ha watching her all the while, h'er boBom began to heave, and her eyes to dart fire. Then she crushed the paper in her hand, and started to her feet, glaring down at him, he smiling sardonically the while. ' You have broken faith with me, she hissed I' Oh that I had the power in ] these hands to strangle you ! I would do it— I would do it I' ? ? : ? ; ? : ? ; ? ; ? ; ? i 