POLICE COURT. MARTIN ROONEY and Thomas Hogan, who were each fined yesterday for drunkenness, were again before Mr. Makinson, P.M., in the Police Court to day on similar charges, and were each mulct in sums of 20s. or seven days' gaol. James Payne, against whom there were seven previous convictions, appeared to answer a charge of being drunk and dis- orderly in a public place. Accused sturdily protested that he had not been drunk, but the Bench was satisfied with the arresting con- stable's evidence, and fined him 20s,-in default, seven days' gaol. To a charge of maliciously breaking a pane of glass, valued at 6a, the property of william Coles, Thomas Hogan pleaded not guilty. After hearing thc evidence, the P. M. remarked that the prose- cution bad not sought redress through tho proper channel for the damage ddhe to his property, and dismissed the case. John Harrison, who pleaded . guilty to a charge of being drunk in Argent street, strongly resented a statement by Seuior-coustnble Manns that he bad been once previously convicted in the court. " I don't think that is right,'' protested accused, addressing the Bench, "to refer to previous convictions against any "man ; you have no right to do it." Acenso.i became very iurlignaut when thc nature of his previous conviction wad produced and read out, and ejaculated angrily, "What's that got to do willi my case now, that's what I'd like to know?" Accused was ordered to pay 5s" or " do" 24 , hours. He had to be forcibly removed from the dock by a constable, still protesting vigorously against what he regarded ns the unfairness of returrectibg thu ghost of his post backsliding. Charles Falls, a colored man, was charged with riotous behavior in -Beryl-street lust night. Accused pleaded " guilty, under pro- vocation." Ho Bald he had mot a person who had insulted and struck him, knocking him down. Accused re- taliated, and tho two had a " fair and square Btand-up light." Constnble Murray stated that the accused and a man named Halliday were fighting, and accused hid thc other man, who was screaming out, dnwrf on the ground. The bench imposed a fine ot 10s. or three days' gaol. Albert Halliday, thc second party in tho affray, was then similarly charged. Accused presented thc appearance of having been severely dealt with, his face being decorated with ugly-looking scars, Interfering somewhat with his range of vision.' Accused pleaded guilty and was tined 10s., with the option of three days' gaol. A first offending drunk was fined the usual 2s. 6d. 