ST. JOSEPH'S CATHEDRAL, THE CEREMONY OF OPENING AND BLESSING. BISHOP HIGGINS AND HIS DISTIN GUISHED VISITORS. A GLANCE AT THE PAST. '(?From Our Special CouitEsroNDKNT.) jForty years ago he would be c nsidered a very rash prophet who predicted the greatness of Rock hampton— its material wealth and architectural beauty — in the -ear 1899. It was then a ' cit-y' of canvas, with here and there an iron ' shanty,' as representing the then triumph uf the builder's art. Religion, of course, was barely in existence, for as yet the influence of the missionary had not been brought to bear on the disorganized elements of Catholicity which was undoubtedly in evidence, however feeble, at the period of which I write. Towards the end of 1859 an Irish priest, Father Scully, arrived in Rockhampton. He celebrated the first Mass in an iron building situated near the corner of Denhara. and Alma streets — in fact, on the very spot occupied at present by the residence of Mr. M. Ryan, coachbuilder. Father Scully does not appear to have remained long in Rockhampton, and we next hear of Fathers Monyhan andDuhigg; but it was not until the advent of Dean MurUy, in 1862\. that the foundation of Catholicity mavbe said to have been laid in Rockhampton. The ' Dean,' as the people of Rockhampton still love to call him, ?was undoubtedly the right man in the right place. His rare tact, organizing abilities, and thorough knowledge of his people were used to good pur pose. At that time Mass was said in the court house, but Father Murlay very soon set to work on the building of a wooden church — the same, in fact, which has done duty in that capacity up till Sunday last. Building after building sprang up under the Dean's guidance, presbytery, convent, boys' school, girls' school, and infants' school. In addition to this the Dean purchased a considerable amount of landed property for the pros pective requirements of the Church, and ?when he left Rockhampton, in 1883. he had about £3000 in the A.J.S. Bank as the nucleus of a building fund for a cathedral. The late Dr. Cani was consecrated in St. Mary's, Sydney, on May 2.1st, 1882, and immediately after took charge of the Diocese of Rockhampton. His appointment can hardly be said to have met with the approval of the bulk of the Catholic community in his new diocese. However, as time wore on the feeling? of the people towards Dr. Cani warmed into what might be termed sincere friendship. He ; visited Rome in 1892, and returned after a'oout fiva months' absence. He was accorded on this occa sion a magnificent reception. The P/overnment . steamer Fitzroy, kindly lent for the 'j&y;, met the B.I.S.N. Company's Rteamer Tara ('jy which Dr. Cani travelled), in Keppel Baj. All sections of the community were represented, irrespective of creed or politics, and the corap ,,i.raft ve coldness of his first reception was now amp./j atoned for. Dr. Cani's name will be ever 'associated with the Orphanage at Weston Par'K^ tne finest institution of the kind in Queensland awj w'ith the new cathe dral, the opening of whi'jh i;s the chief subject of the present report. DESCRIPTION OF THE CATHEDRAL. It is no exaggerate to say that the Cathedral of Rockharnpton is or ,e o£ tjie handsomestecclesiastical structures in Aus xxixlia. as it is the most spacious in Queensland. :The general . #e8ign of the cathedral is .through out in the en ,tv EnpliRh and transitional neriods of Gothic T A(i two western rowers and spires rise to :r a height ' jf \ 1 5ft, and are specially constructed with regard ' i0 strength, so as to meet the weight nf futur^ peals of bed*. Entering by the, main western door and passing through the vestibule the -. nr-ve io d;rectly entered. It has a floor space of 131 ^eet by 39 feet, and ia flanked on either side bv nave column* and arches eight in numhpr. Taking in the width of the aisles the total floor space is 131ft by 73ft. The side-walls of the nave rise to a height of 40ft from the floors and are covered with a ?vaulted ceiling rising to a height of 51ft. On each ?side of the nave the aisles have a width of 16ft and (are similarly vaulted over to a height of 21ft. The ?entire floor is of black and white marble tiles laid on cement concrete. The lighting of the building is provided for by sixteeen aisle, windows, each of two lights and alternating design, also by the great west window, .which has a height of 30ft 'w a width of 16£t. Ingress and egress to and from the building are provided from the five doorways, three in the western gablen, and two in thfi north and south aisles. The seating capacity of the cathedral is for 1700 persons. The cathedral hqs been built , throughout of stone from the btanwell quarries and ? has been constructed in the most substantial manner, i the walls being built of through stones only, that is, each stone laid in the wall is the full width thereof. There is thua no centre joint, but a solid mass of masonry. In point ox dimensions and jOrtlJ/^Kfrr r\¥ nnnofyTinfinri f Ut\ #- tj til tfrl TM 1 la fll V In advance of any hitherto ereetftd in Queensland. The work which has been carried out since the arrival of Bishop Higgins in order to enable the cathedral to be opened comprises the filling in of the eastern end of the nave and aisles, the -nartitioning off of the sacristy, the glazing of the windows, the altar, the temporary throne, the pulpit, laying on the gun and gaa fittings, and fencing and terracing the grounds and the main entrance and centre piers and .gates. The architects who designed the latter work -were Messrs. Eaton and Bates, and they are to be ?congratulated. DR. HIGGINS. , ' It would be needless for mo to Kiiy anything com plimentary to Bishop Higgins, in facu of the fact that his name is a household word throughout New South Wales. He has justified ten times over our most sanguine expectations ; nobody ever dreamed on the ,20th of July last that the cathedral would ? be opened in less thai: three months,, and yet it is so. The undertaking w:ia undoubtedly a gigantic one, and its successful accomplishment in so short a time ia only one of the many evidences of the zeal and energy of Dr. Higginu. It may be mentioned that over £20,000 have already been expended on the cathedral, and about £4000 still remains to be paid, RECEPTION OF THE CARDINAL AND OTHER PRELATES. In the necessarily brief account forwarded by me last week I outlined the reception of the Cardinal and the prelates and priests who accompanied hie Eminence. The address from the Catholic citizens of Rockhampton was signed by Messrs. T. Kelly, E, V. Reid, and D. Maher. The Cardinal, in the course of his speech in reply, said : — On the part of my brother visitors, a? well as on my own, I beg to return our most cordial thanks for the enthusiastic welcome you have given us. At the same time permit me to congratulate you on the grand manifestation of your piety and devotion to the gremt cause of religion — a manifestation which is worthy of the best traditions of Australia as well as of your own queenly Capital of Central Queensland. We have come, in the first place, to be associated with you in the dedication of this beautiful cathedral. The cathedral is in itself a great work ; for it is a citadel of piety and a centre of religion, not for the city and district alone, but for the whole of this great diocese. Even the material building, so beautiful in its architecture, and so solid in its construction, is a credit, not only to this Central Division, but to the whole of the Australasian cjlonies. This beautiful edifice will be an abiding record of your devotedness to reli gion—to the persevering fidelity with which you could alone have accomplished so grand a work. But we are pleased to be here and associated with you fdr another reason. I do not intend to flatter you in any way when I say that the good name and fame of the citizens of the Central Division — and especially of the faithful citizens of Rockhampton — are as familiar as household words throughout Australia. Indeed, I have oitsn been told of the especial excellence of the citizens of Queens land, and above all of the citizen* of Rock hampton. Your generous devotion has, in the other colonies, really become proverbial — has come to be quoted as a sort of example worthy of being everywhere emulated. I have even mvself become guarantor to your present venerated Bishop, that nowhere would be find a more religious and de voted people than the faithful of Rockhampton. Hence I say that it is a matter of the greatest pleasure for us to be associated with you on the present occasion. I may add that among those looking forward to being present at this function there is not one who did so more lovingly, and whose heart was with us more completely, than the Archbishop of Melbourne, who has unfortunately been detained on his way here by illness in Brisbane. But there is, however, still another reason why the prelates who are now with you left their fields of labour to come and share in your rejoicings. It is because of the affection and admiration that we have for the present Bishop of the diocese. Dr. Higgins laboured amongst us for more than ten years. He has been a true angel of the Church, and a messenger of peace to the hum blest and most remote homestead in every parish of his former field of labour. This is no small tribute to his energy and untiring zeal, and it tellB of a most faithful apostolate. His life, also, a-nong the people of Sydney was a positive blessing and a mis sion of mercy to all with whom he came in contact, and with whom he was associated. We are hereto show the high esteem in which he was held by every one of us. Our affection will always be with him — not only in his present great work, but also in any great work in which he may in the future en gage, and which he may inaugurate amongst you. THE OPENING CEREMONY. The weather on Sunday was all that anyone could desire, exceptionally cool and bright. The Pontifical High Mass began at 11 o'clock, and long seats. As I stated last week, the ceremony of bless ing was performed on Saturday morning by his 1 Lordship Dr. Higgins in order that Sunday's pro- - ceedings might thereby be shortened. i A large crowd gathered round the cathedral early in the morning. Cardinal Moran and the other : prelates robed in the Christian Brothers' School, i opposite the cathedral. The members of the Hibern'mn- Australasian Catholic Benefit Society met at the Hibernian Hall, and left there in procession at about half-past ten o'clock, preceded by the Foresters' Band. There were two hundred and eighty-five in the procession altogether, this including a strong representation of members from the Mount Morgan branch. There were three fine banners carried in the procession, including one from the Barcaldine branch and another from Mount Morgan. The procession was carried out under the direction of the district officers, the whole of the members being in full re gilia. The Hibernians marched via Derby, East, and William streets to the Christian Brothers' School in West-street, around wh'ch they formed a circle. The procession from the Christian Brothers' School to the cathedral then took place, headed by the band, the Hibernians forming a guard of honour in front of the cathedral through which the clergy passed. The Rev. Father Belton headed the clerical pro cession into the cathedral, he being immediately followed by two acolytes bearing the crucifix and candle respectively, Father Loretucci coming next. Cardinal Moran followed at the head of the visiting prelates. The procession was continued in the following order : — Dr. Higgine and the visit ing Bishops, Dean Slattery, Fathers Grogan and Slattery. Dean Murlay, Fathers M'Donough, Ryan, Hanley, Bucas, junr., O'Shea, Plormel, and Cassar, the altar boyR bringing up the rear. As the procession marched up the aisle, the choir sang the hymn ?? Faith of Our Fathers,' and the Cardi nal was conducted to the throne. Pontifical High Mass was then sung, the cele brant being the Right Rev. Dr. Byrne, Bishop of Bathurst. The Very Rev. Father Walsh (Towns ville) was the assistant prieBt, Father Hogan (Mount Morgan) the deacon, and Father Isaac (Rockhampton) sub-deacon. The assisting prelates and priests in the sanc tuary were: — His Eminence the CardinalArch bishop of Sydney, the Right Rev. Dr. Higgins (Bishop of Rockhampton), the Right Rev. Dr. Murray (Bishop of Maitland. New South Wales), the Right Rev. Dr. Byrne (Bishop of Bathurst, New South Wales) the Right Rev. Dr. Doyle j (Bishop of Grafton, New South Wales), the Right ' Rev. Dr,|GaiUigher (Coadjutor-Bishop of Goulburn, New South Wales), the Right Rev. Dr. Corbett (Bishop of Sale, Victoria), the Right Rev. Dr Reville (Coadjutor-Bishop of Sandhurst, Victoria), the Right Rev. Dr. Murray, O.S.A. (Vicar- Apos- tolic of Oooktown, Queensland), the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran (Private Secretary to the Cardinal and Adm. of St. Mary's Cathedral), the Very Rev. Dean Slattery (P.P. Newtown, Diocese of Sydney) the Very Rev. Dean Murlay, S.M. ^Diocese of Sydney), the Very Rev. Vincent Grogan (Superior, Passionists, Sydney), the Very Rev. P. A. Slattery, O.F.M. (Sydney). Among the visitors in the congregation I noticed Judge Real, the Hon. G. W. Gray, M L C, Mr. P. W. Crowe (Brisbane), Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Bres'.in (Gladstone). Very un fortunate1 y, his Grace the Most Rev. Dr. Carr, Archbishop of Melbourne, who was specially anxious to be with his old friend, Dr. Higgins, on the day of rejoicing, could notcome on fuither than Brisbane. A sharp attack of illness kept his Grace in Brisbane, Of course his Grace the Most Rev. Dr. Dunne, Archbishop of Brisbane, with whom Dr. Carr was staying, had to remain behind with his guest. We were thus deprived of the presence of the two Archbishops. The cathedral was crowded, and some 3000 people gathered outside. THE COLLECTION. The Cardinal's magnificent discourse you gave in full last week. Immediately after the sermon col lections were taken up. His Lordship Dr. Higgins, in the course of a brief financial statement, said they had paid to the contractor, Mr. Kelleher, the sum of £17,396 9s 2d, and the payment to others, including interest on money borrowed, made a total expenditure of £20,258 7s 5d. Of that total there was now due £7269. Since his arrival they had received £263, and from the ladies of the parish the sum of £230. Since then they had also received a large number of munificent donations, including one from his Emi nence the Cardinal o£ £100, and another from his Grace Archbishop Carr of £100. Those appointed then went round the cathedral, the Bishop announcing the donations as they were handed up to him. The total sum collected, in cluding cheques received beforehand, but not money for tickets of admission, was £2213 6s 3d. At the conclusion of the collections, Dr. Higgins said he had to tender his thanks, on behalf of the Catholics of Rockhampton, for the handsome donations received towards the cathedral fund, not only on that occasion, but also when the foundation-stone ' was laid. To those present and also to those who had contri buted he wished to express his thanks, not only to the members of their own Church, but also those of different denominations. Their friends of the other denominations had assisted;them most generously, and he understoodjthis was not the first time they had received such help, but that it had been extended to them freely in the past. He also desired to offer most grateful thanks, not only for himself but for the people, to his Eminence the Cardinal and the distinguished prelates who were there that day. In the mid8tof their joy there was one drawback, however, which was found in the absence of his Grace Archbishop Carr, of Melbourne. On last Friday week he left his Cathedral City to be in Rockhampton to-day. He proceeded as far as Brisbane, where he was stricken down with a seri ous illness. BISHOP GALLAGHER ON ' WHAT BLESS INGS HAS THE CHURCH CONFERRED /-wr DAnTTnnrM- In the evening the cathedral was again crowded. The Archbishop of Melbourne was to have preached. His place was moBt kindly taken by the Right Rev. Dr. Gallagher, Coadjutor-Bishop of Goulburn. It is the general opinion that the ser mon ranks amongst the finest pieces of pulpit ora tnrir oTror fifil ivprprl in T?.r-r-.lrVi«irnnfcnn- Bishop Gallagher said : It is easy to feel that the ihought which is uppermost in the mind of every )ne present is that fame thought which is upper nost in my own mind — ?' What a pity that the Archbishop of Melbourne is not with us.' We all regret it for the illness which, though we trust it is slight and passing, has detained him at Brisbane ind prevented him from discharging this labour of love. We regret it for the loss to all of us of those words of wisdom and encouragement of light and leading, and sweetness, which his big, generous heart, drinking in fresh enthusiasm from this large, intelligent, and sympathetic audience, would have poured out, to instruct, to delight, to move — to inspire us with noble and sustaining thoughts, and lift up our souls to heavenly desires. What a void hiB absence causes ! It is a great occasion, and he would have given us something worthy of it. His addreRs would have been a fitting crown to the sacred ceremonies and splendid celebrations of the dayi However, hr- is not here, and someone must man the breach When asked by my dear friend, y^ur own beloved and zealous and enlightened prelate, to take the Archbishop's place — but how can I take his place, a pigmy clothed in the armour and Rtriving to wield the sword of a giant? — I hesi tated as to the subject on which I should address you-w. But my hesitation did not last long. -For, whether you open a school, or erect an orphanage, or inaugurate a teaching Brotherhood, or consecrate h cathedral, we are merely, in each case, bringing, into exercise some one ? of those countless instru ments of beneficence, of enlightenment, of salva tion which our Holy Mother the Church has ever made use of to benefit the human family, to en lighten, to elevate, and to save the souls of men. My subject, therefore, is, ?' What blessings has the Church conferred on Society ?' What benefits has that great Catholic Church, which has subsisted in every age, and is to last to the end of time, and is spread throughout all nations, bestowed upon the world — blessings, some of which you. if only doci'.e to her teachings and faithful to her precep's, are certain to reap, according to the measure of your wants, and of your pious importunity, from the in struction you hear and from the Sacraments you receive within these sacred walls. There is not and there never' wa« in the annals of the human race any institution which present's to the thinking mind so many tonics worthy of interest. and of examination as Our Holy Mother — the Ca tholUf Church. To the true believer, -to the genuine Catholic, for him who has already capr.ivaicd \h-- pride of his reason beneath the glorious yoke of faith, a brief review of her struggles ami victories, of her defeats and triumphs j\h the ages Tolled on, ? must afford ample power far legitimate pruio. To the philosophical mind, to him who would investigate the causes which have led to the growth and prosperity, to the decline and fall of peoples, of nations, and of empires, it supplies an exhaustless field of thought. Again, to the man of literary taste, of culture and refinement, to him whose poetic soul will respond only to the open sesame of iu3thetic taste, the achievements of her eons and daughters in all the wide domains of genius, of literature, and of art should unfold the highest ideal of the beautiful and Bublime. While the freethinker and Rationalist even, who would tubject to the scrutiny of pure reason alone the teachings of revealed faith, who would measure the infinite designs of the Eternal by the limited comprehension of man, should find in tier history sufficient motives to inquire whether phenomena which canr.otbe traced to natural can' es may not come from heaven, whether 'the chain of events confederate and linked together,' as Bacon says, ?? may not laad to Providence and Divinity,' whether, in a word, the finger of God may not be here to guard and protect, to shield and defend that great institution which the malice and the efforts of men have so often in vain attempted to destroy. It has been du'y said that the history of the Catholic Chuich connects together the two great epochs of human civilization — the age of Augustus — with the days in which we live. No other insti tution is left standing which carries back the mind to the time when the slaughter of£ a thousand victims in the Geronium adorned the progress, and the families of captive kings graced the triumph of a returning Coesar ; to the time when Livy wro' e and Horace sang, and the orators of Greeco still Bighed after and illustrated in the most grace ful and pliant of human tongues, if they could no longer preserve, the departed glories of their coun try. The religion of Mahomet comes next in anti quity — 622 is the year of the Hegira. But a Christian congregation requires not to be to'd that the religion of Mahomet has been, during the twelve centuries of its existence, a terrible scourge permitted by God to test the faith or to punish tbe ingratitude of Kin children. And the religion of Mahomet is now at last sinking back into the earth from which it sprung unwept, unhonoured, and unsung; But the Catholic Church remains, not. merely in the decrepitude of old age ; not merely as strong as she was on that day when Mahomet fled from Mecca to Medina ; but having renewed her youth like the eagle, goes forth in all the energy -t ner pristine vigour, carrying witn ine urosB oi Dur Saviour and the Book of His Gospel her ten thousand instruments of enlightenment and of beneficence to the limits of the world. When Christ Dur Lord ascended into Heaven, He fulfilled His jromise— He sent down the Holy Ghost to found His Church, to comfort His Apostles, to enable ;hem to preach the Gospel of new law. Soon oefore the light of their teachings, which is that of Holy Church, vanished the clouds of .Grecian and tloman mythology — embellished though they were by the fancy of the poets, though art had lighted them up with countless forms of beauty, though history had blended into them the records of the glory of those ancient nations that were loved so well. She, again, it was that from the very first moment of her existence began to daBh from their pedestals those idols which 11 By falsities and lies thi greatest part: ' . O£ mankind had corrupted to forsake God their Creator, and the invisible Glory of Him that made them to transform : Ofb to the image of a brute, adorned . . 'Wifch gay religions fall of pomp and gold, And devils to adore for deities.' ? '. ? ? Again, though- she spoke not in the persuasive words of human eloquence, but in the showing oE the spirit and power, the simple preaching of the Cross as proclaimed by her apostles soon overcame, or at least assimilated and purified, the philosophies of the pagan world, based though they, were on the foundations of pure reason, adorned though they were by the genius of „ Plato and of Aristotle, re commended though they were for the acceptance of all the ages by the eloquence of Cicero in words which shall never die. For 300 years and more the Roman Emperors, supported by the strength and discipline of thirty legions, those mighty sledge hammers of the world, sought to extinguish the light of her faith in the blood of her children, ignorant as they were that already on one of the seven hi Is an humble fisherman had taken up his throne, and that from thaf. throne his auccessors should rule over by acts of peace and love an em pire vaster in extent, more populous in numbers and docile in obedience, than had ever been subjected to the sword of the Eternal City. 'Beligious Craaac never knew, bis successors should sway Where JRomau eagles never ilew, none invinoible as they,' Yes, none invincible as they ! For when the eagles of the empire retired before and the blade of grasB refused to grow under the advancing march of Attila and the Huns, was it not the calm dignity and religious heroism and conscious strength of a succesor of the fisherman, Pope St. Leo the Great, that stayec1 the progress of the barbarian and saved from his ruth'ess prey the last relics of an expiring civilization ? Again, when the successors of Mahomet had conquered to the obedience of the Koran or ths sword every nation outside Europe that was known to the ancient world, when every knee bent in profane homage to Al'ah'tind his prophet from the pillars of Hercules to the banks of the Ganges, was it not a, Catholic priesf, Peter the Hermit, who, at the bidding of a Sovereign Pontiff. Urban II., made the cathedrals and churches of Europe to ring with the thunders of an indignant and enthusiastic eloquence that went straight to the hearts of the people ; and called out its faith and chivalry from the banks of the Thames and the Seine, the Tiber and the Rhine, and led them over barbarous lands and dangerous seas to rescue the sepulchre where Our Lord was laid and to isave once again the liberty of Europe? Two centuries and a-half of chequered history for the Christian world came and passed awny. About the middle of the thirteenth century a countless' host arose in the native land of the n'mad warrior, Thibet; extended, under its mighty lender, Gensis Khan, its devastating course from the Eastern Pacific to the Mediterranean Pea; rande r.he kings of the earth, tho foots tcr.l of if« invincible FOverfci;'^'''* cterrolitihrrt the-: few r»!i(!3 of civilization whio'.i i\\\o. sword (if the Suracen had ppavpd, a'id whitened the plr»ins oi' /S.i?ia with the bor.oH ol' the myriads slain. Nor was it slopped i-i ita f;i.\T'?e? y* Uesiruc'.ti'.in 1:VU it mVc, '? uj--k'V ikz v/;;ilb ol Neiiotr-di;, in Av»i:h, thoss 4^m swords that were -wielded by the heroism of the Christian faith and had been brought together by the voice of the common father — Innocent IV. — for the ''defence of Christendom. In fine, not to multiply examples overmuch, had not John Hunniades — that hero of chivalry whose banner was blessed and borne by a Catholic priest and saint, St. John Capistran — repulsed the still victorious Moslem from the walls of Belgrade in 1456 ; had not Don John, of Austria, and the Catholic powers of Europe, in those days, ' while still o'er the main floated the galleys of Spain and the red-lion standard of Venice,' been induced by the saintly Pontiff Pius V. to forget their differences for a time and unite their strength to humble the pride of the Orescent /in 1572; had not John Sobieski, the last of the Cru saders, ' Come, seen, and through God's aid con quered finally the Mussulman under the walls of ? Vienna in 1683, some of the fairest countries of .?Western Europe might to-day be seeking in vain to 'be freed from the horrors of Crete or Armenia ; their daughters might to-day be serving as Circas sians in. the harem of an Eastern despot ; and those exalted soul* who to-day adorn, by their genius and their virtues, the faith, the liberty, and the civili .zBtiori of the western world, might be slaves to ??One of that saintly murderous crew to carnage and the Koran given.' who ever thought that through Christian blood lay their directest road to heaven. I would have you observe that in this whole in atiuction I do not speak of Our Holy Mother Church solely as a Divine institution founded by our Lord Jesus Christ. For in this aspect her history ia syno nymous with the history of the whole world, going up not only to the day of Pentecost and to the hill of Calvary; but before them, through promises and figures and prophecies, to Adam and to God. Nor do I speak of the Church in her doctrinal and sacra mental system as the guardian und infallible ex pounder of revealed truth and the only authorized dispenser of the mysteries of God. For in this sense ? there is not any other institution to which she can be compared. I merely speak of her in her secular arid mundane and external aspect — as the builder-up of human society as it nowls, moulding the charac ter of Christian nations, source and defender of true liberty, generous foster-mother of learning, civilizer of the modern world. To illustrate my subject from this point of view, you will permit me to adduce one or two additional examples. When our mother the Catholic Church first appeared on earth, the boasted liberty of the ancient world was little more than a 'name. Its privileges were limited to a very few. At least two-thirds of the human race were slaves— adseripii glcbae, to be be bought and sold as the chattels of the homestead or the fruits of the soil — the thralls of the northern nations, the helots of Greece and the servi of Rome. She it' was that firat realized the generous sentiment of the pagan poet, ' nihil humani a me alienura puto,' that nothing human wab outside the circle of her beneficent sway. She spoke, and soon the. master was taught to see even in his slave the image of that great Creator to whose likeness he had himse'f been made. 'In one : spirit were all her children baptized into one body. ; whether Jew or Gentile, whether bond or free.' i She touched the captive's chain, and soon the j shackles fell from off his limbs, the furca ceased to i hang about his neck, the bitter draught of which ; thousands had been made to drink in every age \\- was dashed from his lips. She went down with him into his prison, and in bonds she left him not. .1 The integrity of his soul w.ts restored to I him once more, and, ' redeemed, regenerated, i and disenthralled,'- he came forth, he stood ? erect in his native dignity, he took his place as man i among the sons of men at the bidding of the bene 1 ficent genius of Catholicity. The emancipation of \ these alone — the abolition of slavery — it is a work of | social regeneration, the memory of which a grateful : world should not surely allow to die. Again, when ; Holy Church first appeared amongst men, she found . j- woman in a degraded state, paying dearly for the ! ' primal fall. Some gifts from heaven she did in j herit, but the slime of the serpent was over them ] all. She was little more than the vile in j strument of the despotism or of the sensuality | of man — 'Man did hold her when * his t ; passion had spent its novel force, not much better | . J( than his dog, a little dearer than his horse' — the ;i Hetaira of Greece, or the Chloe of Rome. The Ca U thb lie Church, however, soon took her by the hand, | for the weak and all who lacked for strength at all ,-,! times had hers at their command — raised her from j;,' her fallen state, threw around her weakness the ! I se^iB of her protecting care, placed her under the p's . shadow of the ' Cedar that was exalted on Libanus' j'jj — the Blessed Virgin Mary, and for the first time ki iri the history ef the world would point out to ,:; astonished and delighted man how divine a thing [..?'?] a woman can be made when elevated, refined, and [?;| sanctified by the ennobling influences of the Catho I j lie religion. ij To-day, whether as a timorous dove she seeks an [?j asylum for her timidity 'in those deep solitudes W ' and awful -cells, where heavenly pensive contempla |;i t;n ^ dwells,' or as Sister of Mercy crowns her ||| virginity with the sacrifice of youth and beauty, I':] . and accomplishments to the training of the tender |\\{ mind and lessening the burden of human sorrow, l/li or as wife and mother sheds around the domestic II hearth the sweet aroma of Christian piety and I1 j maternal love, she owes all this elevation, as virgin, I: j wife, and mother, to the sublime teaching and ?i ? humanizing influences of our holy Catholic faith. pj There is no woman who ought not to be at least in lv.j heart a Catholic— none who, if she only knew the I . ; history of the Church and the efforts which that mi\ Church in every age made for her elevation, would ?|i not at least love, even if she were not permitted to li.j adopt, the ancient faith. For woman's sake ?ji't has the Catholic Church been called upon ?j : to make some of the most generous and It j most costly of her sacrifices. More than three ?'.; centuries ago she preferred to lose the wealth,! ?r i the greatness, and the power of that mighty Empire, ' ?! ! on whose wide domain the sun is said to never set,: B|_j under whose imperial flag we here in Australia live ?; j so happily to-day, rather than concede to the pas I : Bion of a licentious monarch, Henry VIII., the dis I : ; solution of the marriage tie and the rights of an ? | injured but helpless queen, the good Catherine of I I Arragon. Just as three centuries before — at the Hi time when the Saracen menaced the liberties of HM Europe, when one of the greatest of the German ?!:; Emperors was seeking to bind in chains the ? : liberty of the Church — she risked the severance H. . from her spiritual empire of the kingdom of Hi France, just then rising up to the dignity of her Hi proud p'ace as first amongst the nations and jldest daughter of the Church, because Bhe would not grant a divorce to the haughty sovereign, Philip Augustus, nor allow him to exchange for a. fairer and younger partner his lawful spouse, the Queen Ingelberga. The elevation of woman from a position of degradation and contempt to the rightful place which she now occupies as the equal, the companion, and consoler of man — this, too, is a work of social amelioration, of which she may well feel proud. In a word, from the moment when her establishment by Constantine as the reli gion of the empire permitted her to proclaim aloud her doctrines and to enforce her precepts, the old order, even in public life, of the pagan world was changed. 'All things were made new.' The slaughter of the captives taken in war was no lon ger permitted to grace the triumph of a victorious general. Human reason was no longer outraged by the ignoble eight of men about to die ?' saluting the divinity of the Emperor.' Lions and cajrielopards no longer bounded on their human prey in the Flavian amphitheatre. The degrading spectacle ot a thousand gladiators butchering each other in the arena to make a Roman holiday to- gratify the sated appetites of a brutalized populace wbb no longer allowed to belie the boasted civilization of mankind. But regenerated humanity, illumined by that great sun of justice which enlighteneth every man that cometh into the wond, Btarted on that great career of progress from which. — how devious soever the path may have been and great the obstacles to overcome — it has never once turned back, asserted the dignity of human nature, while restoring to the author of the universe that supreme homage of which the wickedness and impiety of all the preceding centuries had deprived Him. In a word, Holy Mother Church by her teaching and her works realized amongst men the sublime and prophetic hymn with which the celestial choir in mid air ushered in, on the first Christmas morning, the new-born Saviour, by restoring ?? His glory to God on high and bringing peace and good will to.men.' 11 But,' someone may say, in fact many do say, ' we admit the civilizing influence of the Church in the ages that are passed. She did a great work in her day. But that day is gone, never to return, She kept the lamp of science burning dur ing the long night of the Middle Ages, but she is not suited for the meridian splendour of the Nineteenth Century. She is and must ever be a beautiful relic of a glorious past, but only to be preserved, as some Egyptian mummy, for the inspection of the curious in a museum of antiquities.' But no ! ' She is nob vanquished yefc, life's ensign still ; Is crimson in her face and in her lips, And death's pale flag is not advanced there.' We Catholics, we Christians, are not merely the heirs of all the ages, but are, along all the , lines of progress, in the foremost ranks of time. Ah, no ! They are m'staken who say that religion pales her ineffectual fires. While Bismarck, the man of blood and iron, lowers the Imperial flag at the bidding of Leo X(II. and goes to Canossa ; while the infidel leaders of France beg the Sovereign Pontifi to interpose, as Ye did in the olden times, the olive branch of peace between the swords of contending factions ; while Newman writes and Secchi investigates the secrets of the heavens ; while Manning is called in to arbi trate successfully between the conflicting claims of capital and labour in the commercial centre of the world ; while Pasteur at Paris applies the latest achievements of science to the alleviations of human suffering ; and the good Father. Damien labours amongst his leperous children in Molokai, let it not be said that terror is no longer inspired by the ter rors of the Vatican, let it not be said that the spirit of Christian heroism no longer exists. Dr. Gallagher, in concluding his eloquent dis course, referred in detail to. the work of the Church in the world at the present day, and to the success ful labours of the founders of the Religious Orders. Benediction of the Most Blessed Sacrament was given by his Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland. Thus was brought to a happy close our cathedral festival. 