Wills with Curious Conditions. Tho eccentricity of somo will-makers has proved nn ombarrasBincnt to those who havo benefited by thoir gonorosity, as tho following authentic incidents sorvo to show :— A Manchester man, of pronounced materialistic yiows, loft on record a proof of his contempt for spiritualism and its disciples by ordering that his . oxoeutors, bo empowered to pay tho sum of £1,000 to any person who oould proyp positively, to tno satisfaction of his .executors, that ho had seen a genuine ghost. A copy of this curious condition appeared in the public press on numerous, occasions, but up to the present, wo aro informed, no ono has been'1 able to place a legitimate claim for the, alluring legacy. A certain Oumboi'land lady, some yoars ago, left an annuity of dSlOO a year to a nephew, on condition that he ' walked to tho summit of Holvolyn and back onco every week,' believing it would ' cure him of his innate indoloncp, and act as an excellent pre ventive from probable dyspepsia.' Whether or. not tho nephew compliod witlt this con dition, tradition Bayoth not. 'r Tho reason why a certain' young country lady travels a hundred miles : by coacb ' to London every quarter, to receivoher' portiou of an annuity of £300, i ib because the 'rich relative who bcquoatlied it had a 'horror of railways,' and desired to givo expression to her conyictiou iu this singular fashion. - An American testator insisted on his heir remaining a bachelor during the whole of his life. His reason for this -harsh condition was tuat, being an avowed woman-nator himself, ho did not dpsiro that any woman should participate' in his wealth. . A, Frenchman, who mado. some 400,000 francs as a maker and seller of absinthe, loft substantial legacies to fivo of his favourito friends, on the proviso that thoy should: visit his grave once every month, and thoro consume a glass of his favourito liquor. They wore, -also to pay some verbal tribute to his memory boforo returning to their residences. A more wholosomo condition, porhaps, than any of ' tho foregoing waB that laid upon a friond who reopivsd an annuity of dB200, provided that ho 'road tho Biblo through at least onco every year, and gave satisfactory assurance to tho executors that ho1 has done, so.' This condition was 'enjoined by oho who had boon in tho habit of doing what ho dosirod his friond. to do. So the proviso was not so singular undor tho oircumfltancos. ?' A titled lady bequoathbd £1,000 to a relative/ 'on tho understanding that tlio reci pent' 'refrain from riding ou a bicycle, motor-car, or any such mad iiivontions, and food and oxorciso my throe' dogs every day so long as tliby shall live.' Tho robipient of tho aforementionod Bum bhborfiilly accepted these limitations and conditions, and con sidered': that tlio 'money was au; Adequate ooihponsation for sodding. ' ,;' '?, Prior to ; ahothbr proSpeotivo annuitant entering upon the enjoyment '.of £400 a year left by a rioh but occentrio imolb, he was called upon to ' eschew the uso o£ tobacco, brandy, and rod mobktio's,' thb latter article of attire being regarded by his deceased rdldtive as a signal of Hooialism; a By s torn ho abhorred most ardently. ' .'' ' ' ' ' , ' ;'. ' .' 'Another astonished, heir was informed by the oxooutors of his fallior.'S; will that ho miiBt marry, within thb year, a lady wlioso social position and fortune wore exactly tho same aa his own, but that the lady must bo pormittod to. propose a marriage to him, first ! This rather staggered, thb ; troubled lioir, , and his state of mind was not the most enviable, until ho bne'day reooivod a visit, from a very pretty couain in tho'couutry who had long secretly loved him. ShoBkowod him a lottor sho had recpivod from his ? father, who know her attach moat, and had left hor a legacy equal to that possessed! by his son. : /The result was a very happy oourtship arid a most suitablo union, .. . ?.': . . ..;, ., ?'. ?' V '. ??. ? ? ' ' . .,??! . . 