THE SERMON. FALSE DISTINCTIONS. A,SERMON. PREACHED BY THE REV. W. O. HINDLEY/ '«• CP HOLY TRINITY CHURCH, KEW. ;f Gal. vi. 16.—'-'For in; Christ Jesus neither cir cumcision availeth anything, nor uncircumcision, but a new creature." St. Paul bad no intention of under valuing circumcision. Its origin was di vine, its significance most important. Else where the apostle treats the subject fully, and shows its importance as a sign of a covenant God had made with Abraham, and as a sign or warranty of a blessing al ready received. It was also "a seal of the righteousness of faith which he had yet being uncircumcised." (Rom. iv. 11.) Very early in the history of the Christian Church believers in Christ began to attach exaggerated importance to things subordi nate, to lay on one another burdens griev ous to be borne, to make hearts sad that God had not made sad. Members of Jewish sects, who had been trained from their in fancy in systems of externalism, brought into': the .Christian Church the habits and ideals of their lives. There was a marked tendency to rely on the seen—the external form, and a corresponding tendency to lose sight of thp unseen—the indwelling Spirit. To them therfe was only one-sign of cove nant relationship to God—it was the sign of circumcision;- They were willing—nay, eager—to admit "Gentlfesinto the Christian Church, but -they insistedon this prelimi nary rite. Aftter circumcision these Gentile converts uugliC^be admitted into the church by baptism; ;j*1mt the.validity of baptism without circumcision was questioned—"Ex-! cept ye be'cirthmcised ye cannot be saved." Their creed W®6a sbbrtone. They saw, or they imaginecL3«fey saw, a clear truth, and, like many after them, they saw little else. On one article d! their creed they dwelt with loving fondness; other truths, other duties, were forgotten or neglected, and among forgotten duties was the duty of "holding tne faith in unity of spirit, in the bond of peace, and in righteousness of life." . They made false distinctions. They raised artificial barriers between men who were one in tbeir belief in the saving truths of the Christian religion. St. Paul, .who could be "all things to all men," recognised a clear distinction be tween things essential and "things acci dental"—between esse and bene esse. In things essential he stood like a rock in unflinching fidelity. In things non-essen tial he claimed liberty. In all things he showed prudence and charity. Amofag things non-essential he numbered the venerable rite of circumcision. In relation to our divine life, our acceptance with God—"Neither circumcision availeth any thing, nor uncircumcision, but a new crea ture?' In relation to the instrumental cause of salvation—"In Christ Jesus neither cir cumcision, availeth .anything, nor uncircum cision, "but faijth which worketh by love." (Gal. v. .6.) As evidence of a changed i heart "circumcision is nothing and uncir cumcision is nothing, but the keeping of I the commandments of God." (I., Cor. vii. 10.) DIVERSITY BUT UNITY. May I draw your attention to a prin ciple contained in the text, and apply it briefly to modern life? The principle is this. Christian men may differ on things apparently important, and yet remain in one unbroken body of Christ, and as mem bers of that body; however deeply they may- feel,, however earnestly they may think on things that Christ has not de clared to be essential, they have no right to make them the occasion of separation, nor. an. excuse forunkjndly,«ords or deeds., In St.. Paul's day denomingtioqtajism was i not unknown,"and I have ho doubt there I were'good men an all of them; but he hated the 'thing, and fought against it with | all his might. Party strife hindered his work, and embittered his days and nights. Good men called themselves by names of j "T „ '» I good-men. "I am of Cephas," said one, and I of ~ * u, Paul," said another; "I am of . Apollos," and I. of Christ." And under these names they gathered in different camps, that- threatened to become op- J posing cgmhs, ^Energies that should have: been d@V@bia to the extension pf the king dom .ofTGod were dissipated in petty war fare. -The very, names of the parties are full. of significance: The late Bishop of Durham has. traced modern parties to a New^tamept source. The language used in QoS&th; might be used to-day. The CephsiS&'rty still relies on external autho rity,'. mil appeals to venerable traditions, and still -boasts of- its spiritual ancestry. "We bolting to no latitudinarian apostacy: we teacephr spiritual genealogy to one or the first, one pi the greatest apostles—nay, the primate of the apostles. Ours is no ! upstart ireligion—we are of Cephas." The i Pauline "party retains its ancient charac-1 teristicp.* It is more or less radical in its j tenderimeS,' and- the "subjective rather than the objective side -Of tne faith commands its admiration 7&pd; allegiance. It still claims !toi-Ae ^*strong in the faith," and needs to cautioned not to despise "the i weak in ;..J» public and private prayer it^ lK^plmdhs df-the errors and1 faults of neighbours. "God, I thank Thee," he seems to say; "L thank Thee that I am not- as other -men are—formal, lifeless, credulous—nPr even as this ritualist. " I believe in the three 'RV—Ruin by the fall, Redemption tef the blood, Regeneration by the Holy Ghost'." The followers of Apollos—the eloquent Alexandrian—may be | found. to-day, trying to reconcile newly discovered mete With the old faith, making graceful concessions with the late Dean Stanley* explaining metaphysical mysteries in the.-language of-the people ivith Pro fessor Momerie, and trying to emphasise the sweet reasonableness of Jesus with a host of perplexed yet sincere souls like the present Dean of Westminster. "We are of Apollos." A fourth party felt that all this was wrong. "We ought not to divide the body of Christ and call ourselves after mere men. 'We are of Christ.'" And with strange inconsistency proceeded to divide the body still further, and to start a new denomination, with limited numbers, but i with an all-compreliensive name—"We are jf Christ." -Of the bitterness of this party strife every age furnishes examples. Only recently young men-^on the one side have .openly sneered at the learning of Bishop Lightfoot, became they do not agree with his view of the Christian- ministry; - they -have un churched theirown fathers because they have celebrated ja marriage in Lent, and ] " "it 111) ' have dealt Out llbelrally'slander and detrac tion to all who are not of their party—not even the dead have been spared. From the other side there has come a recommen dation that men who wear short surplices and intone prayers "are to be treated as a cancerous growth, and are to be excised, . notwithstanding their shrieks of pain," &c.; ; Is.the£e npt a.more excellent way than, j this? Was it to-produce a spirit like this!] 'that G^iript died-rthat the church: exists? I There is a strange want of proportion in! I it all. The church of to-aay resembles | the work of an amateur photographer.! There iB truth in his pictures, but truth 1 out of focus. A hand or a foot is exag- j gerated, and the effect is grotesque. In the church the world may see the Christ, but not Christ aB He is. Exaggeration of our feature, however good it may be, de-! stroys the symmetry and mars the beauty qf the whole. When the law of porportion is applied the bitterness, will- b.e taken out of controversy; difficulties will disappear; and in a united church, as in the face of Jesus Christ, men will see the glory of God. Christians will then' begin to trans late the text into the language of the day, "In Christ Jesus neither your infant bap tism by sprinkling nor yoilr adult baptism by immersion availeth anything—but a new creation." Neither your confirmation availeth anything, nor confession and profes sion at a penitent form; but a new creation. Neither your elaborate ritual availeth any thing, nor the absence of ritual, but a new creation; neither the eastward position j availeth anything, nor the northward posi- j tion, but a new creation; neither your epis copate availeth anything, nor ychir presby terate, but a new creation;, neither your Romanism availeth anythingV nor your Me thodism, but "faith that worketh by love;" neither your loud profession availeth any thing, nor your secret confession: "but the j keepmg of the commandments of God." THE BED BOCK. This is the bed rock of our faith:—"If any man be in Christ, he is a new crea tion." "In Christ" or "out of Christ" is the true distinction. "If any man have not the spirit of Christ, he is none of His." St. Paul never tired of telling the story, of his. own change of heart; how he became a new creature. Jesus met him—arrested him near Damascus—spoke words of re proachful inquiry that awoke his con science—and touched his heart. Three days later a great change had taken place —a change of faith? \'es; but more than that. A change of ecclesiastical connec tion? This was trifling. A change of mode of life? Yes* but that was not all. In those three days there had been a death. Saul died unto sin. A burial. "He was buried with Him in baptism." A resur rection. He rose a new creation. "Old things passed awav; behold, all things are become new." The old hatred of Jesus was dead and buried. The new love for Jesus burned in his heart. He now sub scribed himself as the bond- slave of Jesus. The old self-will died, and a new prayer was heard—"Lord, what wilt Thou have me to do?" The new creature was guided by new principles, new impulses. His own interests were no longer his first or only consideration. The interests of the king dom were his interests. The love of Christ constrained him. This great change in the outward man was the result of a corresponding change within. He was re conciled to God. "There is now no con demnation to them that are in Christ Jesus." And he was in Christ Jesus. His relationship to God was changed. An alien died there in Damascus; a son rose, in possession of a great inheritance. Heir of God; joint heir with Christ. So com plete was the change that sometimes he seemed to question his own identity. "I live," he said—that was something he could not doubt—"yet not I"—that was also a fact beyond question. "But Christ liveth in me." This was the only expla nation. "Christ liveth in me." "A new creature." He is God's own handiwork. No merely reformed man—but a new crea tion. It was God in Christ that met him. \ That gave him a new heart, and renewed a right spirit within him. It was God that gave him power to repent and believe; that inspired and answered his prayer. It was "The Lord and Giver of Life" that quickened his dead soul. His Master gave him the new life, the new work; that put a new song in his mouth. God is un changed. To-day, what He did for Paul, He can do for you, and for all men. He is willing, and waiting. "Whosoever will," is willing, "let him take of the water of life freely." Let everyone draw nearer to this source of life, not only that they may partake of His fulness, but that they may draw the nearer to each other, and so be come a brotherhood in Jesus Christ. One family, "one body, one spirit, even as ye are called in one hope of your calling. Our Lord, one faith, one baptism. One God, the Father of all, who is above all, and through all, and in you all." 