A Bull v. Lion Fight. The good people of Roubnix, in the north of France, celebrated National Fete day recently in a peculiarly atrocious manner. The programme of amusements included a round of bull-fighting, and a " grand wind up" in the shape of an encounter betwen a huge lion, " Goliath," and a Spanish bull the contestants being put together in a large case. The result was most disappointing to spectators, for Goliath, born and reared in captivity, proved a cowardly brute He " roared splendidly," but the shouts of the bloodthirsty spectators and mad rush of the goaded bull cowed him completely. The first encounter was decisive. Tlie bull gored the lion's flank terribly, and, in the madness of pain Goliath bit off the bull's car. But that was his only attempt at reprisals, for next moment lie was rolling on the ground, bleeding profusely and roaring with agony. Meanwhile tiie bnll stood with ready head waiting the lion'e nest move. When it came it ji-at a desperate attempt to get anywhere out of the range of the toro's terrible horns. To d > so, Goliath tried to climb tlie bars of the cacc, and as he rose the bull charged again, driving his horns into the lion's mouth. The wounded brute bit savagely on the horn and scored the bull's thich neok with a blow of his paw, but it was s last effort, for as the bull drew off for another charge Goliath rolled over in the last throes. In vain did the Cbulos try to irritate the poor beast into a final effort; in vain they tried to make the bull charge once again. He would not touch the inert tawny mass, and Leo gave up the ghost whilst 14,000 presumably civilised beings cheered the victor, and heaped maledictions on the vanquished. So far the authorities do n t appear to have taken any action against the promoters of this inhuman show, and further lion v. bull fights are on tlie tapis. Bidel, tbe menagerie man, had offered to put one of his lions against two of Mazzatini's best Spanish bulls. The toreador, on his aide, says'he will match one toro against two lioni or tigers for £1000. 