ORIGINAL NOVEL. f , . fA-LL Rights Rbseevbd,] Marian Gonisby. By G. DOIDGE, Author of 1 Father and Son,' 1 Tbe Daughters of Eve,' Mystery of Merveillieo,' & BOOK IL CHAPTER X. — (Con tinned.) j ' Now Gome, tantalising boy, what is it P* 1 Cannot yoa guess, Lilian P' ' Something about Marian, of ooarse.' ? Of oourt-e ; two letters by tbe mail this morning took me an hoar to read them, and a pretty bad fright I got. You know after that Thames episode Marian was hopeful that the governor's obstinate objection to our marriage was dying ont, bnt he took a Hidden and terrible torn, became more bitter than evei, and vowed vengeance . . Now, on top of all this. tne ota gentleman — tieaven forgive him much for it— suddenly decided to return to Australia! What do yon say to that P* * That is indeed good news, George. I congratulate you with all my heart.' ' Especially as they mast be now actually on 'their way. Wb-re would thpy be a fort night after leaving England, LilF' * I cannot exactly say, bat somewhere in the Mediterranean 1 suppose.' ' Tea, I expect so. I shall look it ap. Jnst imagine, we shall have Marian with ob*, bH being well, in a month or so. It's just splendid.' vGeorge turned to go to his room, bat paused to hold np to Lilian's eyes a few fines of Marian's letter, which he asked ber to 'read . ' Ton have waited for me, dear George, these three long years, and I am coming to yon. Portionless it may be— only my own poor self — bat all your own/ That is very pretty— worthy of dear Marie. How glad we shall all be to see her baak/ Yes, every oody ; bat one in p&rtionlar;, you bet ' ; and George ran np the stairs two ate£g at a time. Not for along time bad his heart been so light. And that way lies the young man's hope ofhappiness. Suoh years of patient waiting strtaever wasted. In after life, mid many trials of love and patienoe, of fidelity and temper, the years when the heart ached and jaWM for life's matecome back with thfir reoords of oft- repeated vows, of affection, of tenderness, and of ideals realised or awaiting realization. George's buoyancy of spirits at the even in|'nieal wa« so apparent that, had his team' ' wbn^ttfe'-foteroolbnial football match, he oocJit'mot bave been in greater fettle. It w^a apparent to«raty member of the family that the htir and hope of the Whidden family was' in reoeipt of good tidings. * What isit, George f ' said Lady Whid den - i ..' £ Marian mill te with as. all being walL ' inside of Ave weeks.' - ' That is nevs, indeed.' 4 'BW doe* it mean that tout way will be a» clearer i' aektd Sir Douglaa. 71 hav«.e»ary reaaon to balieveitwiU he,* nmbeapkoi^a. „ ... ;c. ^Then'I hive every reason to believe that yrftfwiil marry g' pttanilew girl, nnW the oU ttaa -GoirikbT- hi , dthiri^iched his ddtageor din saudeniy.' Jt was one. of ^thqse random shots whioh an aomeUme* spoken lightly ret fit marvel : , lonsly into the re^itia.' Eoi, aa dreader kwM#itf-*epbiiCNM*y.wBS dying- at tbe tima -.Irrsr Its, . ;i- .M'f- ?? «?# Wj _ toublfld,abon.t.Qne oTjPther of the bat Wgbtvt tbe piotsn ; *nAL ?a a now apparently Manting fate willed it. ? fee was not to be disappoin ted. $£???. , iSnaiiuiun Raar. ?' t.'1- 1 -- bookod^paaeiLj^? ifor |®, ,Jj|M»iearnB. How many hearts reaoh out Igytfti-fcMa aatialpaMons —a bright hapm on ooming toa new land — some to be nun* ««? realisM ; others, and they form ihe major ity, to be more than disappointed. Of all the- passengers who on that bright February pnoming steamed np to the 8andridge Tier, there were few more moved by emotion than Marian GKmisby. Bat they were conflicting emotions wbioh swayed her. Glad was she beyond words to find herself onoe nearing the city where her heart's affections lay — sad to remember that it waa as an orphan, absolutely alone in the world. Ere she arose that happy momitag, she gnessed they had entered the heads, per ceiving that the ship no longer answered to the ocean swell; and when she oame on deck before breakfast, there to the left shone Queen soliS — always prepossessing, always picturesque ; and as one familiar view after another oame into sight, her spirits rose and a- soft oolor came into her chews, whioh had grown more thin and pale than were their wont. Bat of all sights pleating to the eye and to the heart, there waa one iheilwelt npon sot yet oome — the aight of tbe one m-w in the world whose memory had been ever present, and upon whose strength and fidelity she had leased, at upon a rook whose foundation was sore, i ' Miss Gonisbv, yoa are coming down to breakfast for the last time— :are yom notP' It was Miss Leslie who spike, as aha ' same from amongst the passengers,, wfco were intent on spying upon the new land. 'Really, I- had -hardly thought of it— I doubt if I can eat ; bat I.will manage a eup of coffee, I daresay.' . ? What a delightful bay— if it is a bay — it is . more like an inland ooean ; it is so large. Why did yon never tell me how magnificent it was P' ' We seldom talk abont Port Phillip : all the admiration seems to go to its great rival —Port JaokBon. If we have not ths hun dred inlets whioh adorn Sydney's port, yet here we at least have scops and ample room to sail oar pleasure boats ; and aronad the bay there are many pleasure plaoes— yonder tor instanoe, lies Mordialliu, where I have joined in veiy pleasant picnics. Some day, Miss Leslie, I hope we shall have the pleasure of seeing some of these show plaoes in oompany.' A wish whioh Marian's companion gladly shared. Then they betook themselves onoe more to the breakfast table, where, however, Marian sat for only a few minutes. She was really too excited to more than make a pre tence of eating. Soon she was on deck again, looking anxiously to the landing point, wondering would he be there. Yes, George waa there with e}es bnt for one individual in the world, wondering oould (it indeed be possible that the hour had oome when he should meet again the woman he loved, never (as be hoped) to be parted more. And bow would she seem P What change had the years made f How should he meet herP Would die forgive him the warmth of the embrace that his arms were longing to perform P Would the severest of fathers be at her side to veto more than the common, most formal hand-ahake P Did ever vessel take so long to moor F Was ever sailor slower P Was ever hawser more awkwardly handled P Was ever any body or any crowd lees in a hurry P . . . Then, at length, the ocean -liner was along side, and one amongst the host of and laudswomen scanned the line of faces which leaned over the taffrail, and then forward to amidships ; but there was no sign of the face he sought. What if weie not aboard P How should he bear the disappointment ? So soon as .the little bridge was thrown across George was one of the first to get on deok. Looking to right and left of him, George walked to and fro amongst tbe passengers. He moat ask somebody — vet whom P — they were all either eagerly talking amongst themselves, or equally engaged in looking for people. When at length he did venture to ask, he found he had enquired of one who, like himself had jnst oome aboard, at which they both laughed. Then he had the luok to ran across the purser, and was told that there was a Miss Gonisby aboard. . . Now, what a quickening of the pulse — what a rash of the blood ! Marian was really there —on this same ship as he stood upon. Surely she would be on deck, he thought ; but Marian had a few moments before gone down to the saloon. Perhaps there was a great lump in her throat; perhaps she wished to avoid the bustle and crowd of the desk. Perchance, some instinct told her it would be better to be a little apart if her lover sought her. She realised how very much alone she was. She had oome very far to him ; she would withdraw a little now— it was just womanly— and she sat 3own and felt the throbbing of her heart. ' If he is here he will soon find me. . Ohj how trying the moment. . He does not oome. . Perhaps he was not advised of the steamer being sigralled. . Fifty things oonld keep him . I will go above. . . No, I will sit still a minute longer. . I am positively the only goal in this big saloon. . How odd it looks— even ridicu lous. . I am sure it does. . I will go above !' Marian was proceeding with this intent, when— whistling as he oame — George knew it was a feigned whistle, jast as the big boy who is not afraid of ghosts knows he is humbugging when he whistles for oompany in a lonely spot— there he came, tripping down tbe companion way— ' George !' ' Marie, deal Marie !' Her snrsbarged heart was so full his arms were about her waist and naak, and there was no one to come between. . The emotions are as the pomp of the affaotione, snd in great grief or joy with women, the ' windows of the soul' let -forth the fountain at tbe heart. ' Marian, my lore, look up !' said George, but she nestled the closer to him, and sobbed oonvnlsivtly on bis shoulder. Not till rhe could look at him steadily did she raise her tear, stained face to bis, and he Jrined it again and again until he declared he tasted the soilness of the tears 1 ' Yoa are fresh from the sea ? a regular salt 1 Bat oome, darling, is there any trouble?' ? Forgive me, George, these were not tears of trouble bat of joy. I know it is very foolish, bat I really oonld not help it. . Yet I have had trouble— great trouble and grief, George.' ' Tell me all abont it, dearest.* He led her to a sdat, looked steadily into her eyes, 8nd read there tracn of what Marian had experienced apnn the voyage. ' You do not ask for my father, G«prge P' 4 That is bad manners'! admit, love ; bat yoa will believe me when I say t had no thought for a soul on earth bat yoa, Msrie : and I'm really thankful to the governor for this respite. How is he P' 'Yon will norer see him nore. Gfooiffe. 1 He ia dead.' 1 four father is dead P Good heavens, you surprise me 1' Then she told him the story of Mr GonU}-y- illness and death and burial in the Bed Sea. And George took Marian again in his: arms, and kissed and caressed het; . and be was too disingenuous to be other than devoutly thankful that a great peace and rest and surety had fallen npon then. For Heaven. itself seemed to have removed the hand that so Jong had withheld ; the woman be longed to oall bis own. They were speeding in the.tzain to their old home. WhaL. if there were onrioos eyesP What if George was seen by com panions who knew him, bnt whom be never BBWf 'L There are times when we walk npon .air, when oar spirits soar aa in the lofty flight of the sagie, And the little oommonplaee things of time and sense pass nnperoeived. By the time they reached Prahran George had lived, as it were, through an epitome of his loved one's life from the time they left -London to tbe arrival that morning. It seemed to there was little to tell of himself, lhe Whidden affairs, memen+ous aa ttiey had been sinoe the departure of the Gonisbys, I appeared to him nhwffirthy of mention alongside the smallest details affectihg any part of Marianls life since he had aud good-bye. So .he told Marian when she repeated the request 'Now tell me about yourselves, George f ' They were at the WhiddenS home. ' Dear old plaoe ! A^id there iB Lilian I' exclaimed Marian, as Miss Whidden came eagerly oat to meet them. 'Welcome, a thousand welcomes home, Marian.' : ' Thank yon, darling Lil, yon are right—, this indeed is home, or but three doors off,' and they kissed and kissed and embraced npon the pathway with nnaffeoted heart iness. i 'Do not tnake even that 'reservation,' .replied- George, having reference to the' 'three ?dodrf' away from 'tTairleigh.' 'I gpefesybuitfll.be quite at home,' and he led1' jipr into' the houke to present her in triumph .to Lady Whidden, whose weloome to Marian was no leaswrd^aL . ; Having to hnhy. to his datiea in the oity, ' George «Iut-tantiy tore himself Away, leav ,ipg Manaa with his mother and two. sister*, .vjrhose oondolfflbes. with Marian's bereave ,ment were mingled with felicitations that te was -uace again salelj with them During the day, too, came Aunt Zinny, by whose more- effusive demonstration of delight, sympathy and concern Marian was j well-ni^h overwhelmed. ' \- 'Sure, ohild, von are jast the same, though sobered,' she kept on saying ; ' bnt , l|ttle , won&Ct; for you have oome through tfialand tribulation. . Think the Lord that Sou are safely bock with na, and we shallnever it yon go again ; and your poor papa— to think that we shall never see him again 1 But be was. a good and npright and kind man, and yon are hiB only child.* ; This latter was said with a pereeptible acoent of oonsolation, after the prudence ot the worldly -wi^e, whioh Marian understood, as the also understood that good Aunt Zinny derived honest pleasure from the thought that at last, when all was said and done, her foster lamb was well provided for. Marian did not nndeoeive her, nor say aught of the oruel wrong that had been done her in the matter of the will. 'Twas not till George returned, and then late in the evening when they had spent many hoars together, and Marian had retailed many ohaptera of absorbing interest to her lover, that she oame to that part affecting her worldly prospects. ? And now, George, I have something to tell you whioh you have a right to know. It will ahsok you very muoh, I am afraid.' ' We have grown rather used to ahooka — financial shocks in particular — iu these parts ?icoe you left, dear.' He said this with a tort of intnition of what was coming. 'You have gaeaBed something sorely, George, bat yoa have hr-rdly guessed the truth. My father before we left England made a will whioh entirely disinherited me 1' 'That was unfair, cruel to you; but, darling,' and he held her olosely to him, ' don't yon give two thoughts to it, so far as I am concerned. Yoa are here, and you are to be mine — my own, love — and I am more than satisfied. It is better that yon should not be rioh while I am poor. I should feel it badly, I assure yon. Now we are on equal terms. We are yoang, and the world ia fai-ly before as. I can keep yon oomfort ably, I trust, though not in sfllu&nae.; . . Yon really will be mine, darling ?' ' Need yon ask ?' ' It seems too good to be trae. I am positively beside myself with the joy of it 1' ' George, there is one thing more I have to tell,' and Marian then reoounted the making of a new will at the last moment, whioh bnt needed the signature to complete the total rectification of the wrong that had been done. ' That was 1 tcnoh and go' for a fortune 1 and no mistake,' exclaimed the happy lover. ' Bnt tell me, Marian, that you do not mind — that you will not let this trouble yon when all dse is now plain sailing in front of ua f ' ? 1 really have not troubled about it, George. I oan, I think, honestly say I am not mercenary, yet it does seem rather hard, and I am sorry for your sake !' ' Then yoa mast not be— I will not allow it!' ' The captain and the dootor were very, very kind. They quite interested themselves in me when they understood how matters ktood,: and the captain told me when at Colombo— I am sure I did not wish bim to do itr-that hn had written an account of the whole affair to unole Gonisby. whom he thinks— bat I do not oonnt on anything. Ic is the better way — is it not, dear ?' ' Quite the better way, darling.' ' Your ancle stands as the heir, and will inherit your father's wealth. But we shall never trouble him, take my word for it. I am far richer than hein having you, darling,' i It was lover's talk, and they were not inter rupted. If the lost thousands was the price of their freedom thus to love and wed, they counted they had the beet of the bargain; they ?trudged not' the loss of the gold in the plenitude of their lore. ? X am more glad than I can say that you take it so, George. It is ths final proof— if proof were wanting— of three years of dsvotion — what the commercial, money, worshipping world would oall the final and clinching test.* . 'Test! Yoa *alk wide of tbe mark, my love. Yoa forget yourself ! Yoa do not know, yourself ! — as though any fellow, any man in Australia, Would want any sort of bribe along with snoh a pearl — for are yon not beyena all prioe P ' i ' Will you always think so, George ?' 'It will be my fault if 1 do not. . . Marie, do you know that there is a wonder ful, bis, beautiful difference in you !' \- A difference f ' Yes, yoa are ohanged— not in appear an oe, ?earoely any at all— bnt in manner. You j-emember — do yon P — that never for two minutes would yoa let me hold yoa in my arms ; though 1 felt yoa loved me, yet yon were always so-so seared — so unyielding — ' ' Well, if yoa let me go a little — i shall not ran away— there 1—1- may explain this subtle change that yon are pleased to notioe. . . I am ohanged. Be enre, George, you i do not see more than 1 fed it. In those far off days' I was fighting many invalid battles ? fighting self, fighting prejndioe, warring with traditions ; and heaviest of all to bear 1 up against was my poor father's bitterness — but yon know abont that, George P' (To be continued.) The statement is made that alooholic candy Is largely Jold in Manchester and other Eng lish towns. It is said to ba imported from Germany, and an analyst deolara that it con tains proportionately as muoh alcohol as dees beer. The site of what is believed to have been , the first Christian ohuroh is at Glastonbury. It is said that the ohuroh was bnilt in the year 6? by Joseph of Arimatbae*, whose - bones are skid to lie beneath the spot. Upward* of 100,080 pounds of snails are' eaten every day by the residents of the gay French capital, the snail market being the busiest industrial mart in Paris. A Swks sooiety has laid out an Alpine garden at Montreax at an elevation of 6,000 feet, where tlie characteristic trees and flowers of the country are to be cultivated. . Experiments teem to show that a large - steamer, going at nineteen knots an ] hour, will move more than two miles after i its engines have been stopped and rerereed. i 