ADELAIDE DEMOCRATIC CLUB. "Facts, Dreams, and Shams." On Sunday evening last Mr. P. McM. Glynn, M.P., lectured at the above club to a crowded and highly appreciative audience on "Facta, Dreams, and Shams." The pre sident (Mr. F. Stapleton) occupied the chair and briefly introduced the lecturer. Mr. Glynn said—You may, perhaps, ex cuse me if for a while I forget the distract ing life of politics and look for a subject not altogether contentious. There are times when it is well that we should tonch con siderations which, by appealing less to ambition, contrariness, and conceit, diminish the temptation to dogmatism and intoler ance, which are unfortunately often too marked in political utterances. You must admit, ladies and gentlemen, that men are most persistent about problems the solution of which is almost beyond their power. We all speak more or less ex cathedra on politics and religion, two subjects on which truth seems so difficult, but is assumed by the bigot to be so easy, of demonstration. Y et how often do events bring home to us the blindness of so-called statesmen to the real tendencies of legislation ? Caution, which experience sug gests, is taken as a mark of weakness, while rashness and obstinacy are mistaken for strength. " Intrepidity in public life," says isuckle, " as often springs from ignorance as from firmness of nerve and high courage. Inere is no real bravery in risking dangers or which you do not perceive the existence." I here are times when humility and lack of confidence in his omniscience are at least negative virtues in a politician. Have you ever read that beautiful message in Newman's "Apologia," in which he suggests that the sight of the world is nothing else than a prophet's scroll, full of lamentations, and mourning, and woe." Well, let me read it to you, for the ideas are appropriate, and expressed with a sculpturesque purity of diction :—" To consider the world in its length and breadth, its various history, the many races o their starts, their fortunes, their mutual alienation, their conflicts ; and then their ways, habits, governments, forms of worship; their enterprises, their aimless courses, their random achievements and acquirements, the impotent conclusion of long-standing facts, the tokens so faint and broken of a superintending design, the bund evolution of what turn out to be great powers or truths; the progress of things, as if from unreasoning elements, not towards final causes; the greatness and littleness of man, his far-reaching aims, his short duration, the curtain hung over his futurity; the disappointments of life, the defeat of good, the success of evil, physical pain, mental anguish, the prevalence and intensity of sin, the pervading idolatries, the corruptions, the dreary hopeless irreli gion, that condition of the whole race, so tearfully yet exactly described in the Apostles words, ' having no hope and with out God in the world'—all this is a vision to dizzy and appal; and inflicts upon the mind the sense of a profound mystery which is absolutely beyond human solution." Keeping, then, clear of contentious poli ties, I confess it was with some misgivings that I began to look round for a subject. This is not parliament, so one is expected to say something as well as talk. It is easy enough to fill the leisure of an hour with some literary lucubrations, but having for an audience the members of a elub whose object is to teach the democratic idea how to shoot, I must endeavor to avoid the method of dialectics of the ladies in the Vicar of Wakefield, ' who continued the conversation but not the argument. As to novelty, the exploration of critics have been so exhaustive that there is scarcely an undiscovered fact left on which a fiction could be founded. However, most of the originalities of life are but commonplaces new-dressed. The great minds of the world, from Shakespeare downwards, show their power in nothing more pointedly than in dealing with the trite truths of humanity. They are profound and clear because ele mental and simple ; they show us our own lights, for genius is chiefly a discoverer : it speaks what others already feel, and tells the story of our lives in a flash of inspira tion. Goethe says that the great Mystery of the Universe is an open secret—a secret open to all but seen by almost none The great poets disclose this secret and speak to us of the realities that lie behind all appear ances. Now one of the most venerable of commonplaces is that we live in a world of shams. Pecksniff is but a type to which we all more or less approximate, and from which distance is the measure of merit. How would it be to deliver a short lecture on delusions? I certainly could not com plain of lack of matter. We have all had enough of them, from the day when we farst felt, as Novalis puts it, that "every beloved object is the centre of a Paradise " till the paternal Michael gave us our walk ing papers from that earliest Eden ; from the time when a little arrangement in smiles, petticoats, and primroses first emptied our hearts until now that the little sequels of Hymen are helping to empty vour pockets. Well, I settled upon facts, dreams and shams. ' We have been told over and over again by poets revealing thought and by rhymers in want of a theme, that there is nothing real in life. "Our life," says St. James, is but a vapour," and Pindar calls man the dream of a shadow." " Life," says Jeremy Taylor, through whom I have bor rowed from Pindar, " is but appearing; it is not so much a mist, not the matter of a shower, nor substantial enough to make a cloud; but it is like Cassiopeia's chair, or Pelops shoulder, or the circles of heaven, tawoweva, for which you cannot have a word that can signify a verier nothing." There is a school of philosophers called transcendentalists, who say that matter has no existence; that it is really but a mass of appearances, or a name for the cause of certain changes in our bodily or mental organs, which cause has nevertheless no existence outside ourselves. According to these philosophers the coincidence of a skull with a blackthorn stick or saucepan is properly expressed in the language of meta physics or in terms of the mind ; the skull, the shillelagh, and the saucepan are pure fictions, mere intangible phenomena expres sive of certain mental changes. This is a very delightful philosophy, but it unfortu nately will not square with the vulgar facts of daily life. Perhaps it was an aspiration for something higher than its disciples ex pressed. The earth and all its glories, says Carlyle of Novalis, "were to him but a vapour and a dream, and the Beauty of Goodness the only real possessions. The rest were but shadows of the infinite, in themselves air and nothingness." When the optical sunbeams of one of Heine's inamo rata warmed him back to life—and she passed on, the main thing was that she left him alive. "Others may," said he, "if they choose, enjoy the good fortune of having their lady-love adorn their graves with garlands and water them with the tears of fidelity. Oh, women! hate me, laugh at me, jilt me—but let me live ! Life is all too laughably sweet, and the world too delightfully bewildered ; it is the dream of an intoxicated god, who has taken French leave of the carousing, multi tude of immortals, and has laid himself down to sleep in a solitary star, and knows not himself that he creates all that he dreams—and the dream images form them selves in such mad, variegated fashion, and often so harmoniously reasonable—the Iliad, Plato, the battle of Marathon, Moses, Medician Ventis, Strasburg Cathderal, the French Revolution, Hegel, the steamboat— but it will not last long, and the god awakes and rubs his sleepy eyes and smiles —and our world has run to nothing—yes, has never been." It is excusable, though not quite pertinent, to refer to Heine's philosopher, whose body was the nearest proof of the transcendental theories that could be found. " He consisted of nothing but soul and plasters, and yet he studied night and day as though he feared lest the worms might find a few ideas uiissing in his head." Heine himself became at last like his philosopher, and scarcely had body enough left to stick with the arrows of his own cynical and inimitable wit. The world was more a farce than a dream to him, scarcely worth the bother of living through but for its love episodes and tragedies. Another writer of the most delicate sensi bility and tender humor to whom life was a dream was De Quincey. To him the tenure of man's enjoyments was short—himself a mere capacity for criticism or pathetic love. "There is no end," he writes, "there never will be an end, of the lamentations which ascend from earth and the rebellious heart of her children upon this hugh opprobrium of human pride—the everlasting mutabili ties of all which man can grasp by his power or by his aspirations, the fragility of all which be inherits, and the hollowness visible amid the very raptures of enjoyment to every eye which looks for a moment underneath the draperies of the shadowy present, the hollowness, the blank treachery of hollowness, upon which the pomps and vanities of life ultimately repose." Such pathetic dwellings upon the empti ness of human aspirations and the vanity of all earthly things are peculiar to minds of delicate texture. The tough sensibilities of the crowd are proof against despondency. To the average member of society, especially in these bustling times, life is very real; it has a short past and but little future, for the reflective tendency is too weak to strike a balance between past hopes and present facts, or to paint the perspective of the future with impossible eolors. If our own Lindsay Gordon had been cast in the average mould his songs would not have been set in the minor key. To such men life was a dream, simply because they saw it in the bright light of their aspirations. They spent their moments of inspired soli tude in a world of fancy, in which every thing was that was desired; in which memory and hope had no place, and change was out of order ; where there are veritable Cleopatras, whose infinite variety age cannot wither nor custom stale; where the foun tains of sympathy never run dry, and a fellow kisses his sweetheart for centuries along the flowery paths of courtship, and chooses his own time to bar the entail of her affections at the altar of Hymen. It is in such dreams that minds tuned to the harmonies of the world live, not among the jarrings and discords of the weekly round. Scott's Antiquary, as Ruskin reminds us, hated greetings in the marketplace, and the loiterers in the streets who persecuted him either about the events of the day or about some petty pieces of business. Both Monk barns and Scott *' bated to be drawn back' out of their far away thoughts, or forward out of their long ago thoughts, by any manner of daily news, whether printed or gabbled." Scott, it must be renjembered, was no repiner. The healthy vigor of his mind was never weakened by " the pathetic fallacy." He never indulges in the feverish waitings, sickly homilies, and theatrical sentimentalities which the common muck of writers pass off as very fine pathos; he takes his facts from the whole round of life, from its joys and sorrows, as destiny gives them, and then leaves them to point their own moral. But even Scott lived chiefly in the shadowy world of imagination and in dreams of the impossible. To him, as to the great Master, We are such stuff as dreams are niacje of, And our little life is rounded with a sleep. Some dabbler in paradoxes and apothegms has said that every woman is a revelation. I daresay—after marriage. Every feminine worn an has, at all events, at some time or another, revealed the mystic depths or shallows of a male mind, and exhibited a fleshly epitome of romantic dreams. "Thy little life," says Jean Paul Richter, " is the sigh of nature, or only its echo." What a dreamer was Richter. He kicked and tossed worlds about like footballs and made stepping stones of the fixed stars as he tramped the universe. Herder said of him when dead, that he looked upon him aloft and among the stars as in his natural place, and as one but little changed from what he was, except by the blotting out of his earthly sorrows. " Childhood," says Richter, in that terrible Flower Piece of bis, the atheist's dream, " and especially its terrors and raptures, once more assume wings and brightness in our dreams, and play like glowworms in the little night of the soul. Crush not these little fluttering sparks! Leave us even our dark, painful dreams, as relieving middle tints of reality. And what could compensate us for those dreams, which bear us away from beneath the roar of the waterfall into the mountain heights of childhood, where the stream of life, yet silent in its little plain, and a mirror of heaven, flowed towards its pre cipices." It would seem, then, that the ideal is the only real. If I mistake not, Schiller thus explains the power of sculpture in giving permanence to a single concept or abstrac tion of beauty whose truth is beyond the whims and fashion of ages. The dreams in which poets live—and every person of sen sibility is more or less a poet, though a dumb one—may be the essential facts or episodes of human life; abstractions from universal experience, which are as true now as they were 3,000 years ago, and which constitute the native element of that paragon of animals, man, with his " God-like reason" and infinite yearnings. At all events, the life that every mother's son of us, from Adam downwards — though I believe Adam wasn't a mother's son—would best like to live is an abstraction, a life with one of those impossible shes who are always in prospective, in a little nook shel tered from the rough winds of the world, where needy friends intrude not, nor do creditors call. Richter, or some other Germanic writer, said something to the effect that music raised in him dreams of the impossible. What a talisman it is, what an open sesame to the recesses of the heart. In one sense it is like a woman. She, when in full blossom, with soul and body in perfect tune, is the realized ideal of an individual life, a symphony of hopes and fears, desires and despondencies, of dreams of what might have been and thoughts of what never can be. I daresay you have all, sometime or another, felt this. I know I have more than once. Let me again appeal to Heine. " The young girls of Trent," says he, " pleased me exceedingly well. They were of a species I love—and I do love those pale, elegiac faces from which the great black eyes beam so much with love; I love, too, the dark tinge of those proud necks, which Phoebus has already loved and kissed brown; I love, too, those over-ripe napes whereon are purple little spots as though dainty birds had been pecking at them; but above all I love that general port and walk, that mute music of the body, those limbs which move in the sweetest rhythms, voluptuous, pliant, divinely sensual, death languid at one time and at another ethereally sublime, and ever and always most poetic. 1 love such things as I love poetry itself, and the melodiously moving forms, this wondrous human concert which rushed past me, found an echo in my heart and waked kindred tones." Weil, musip appeals to human sympathies and emotions in much the same way. It flatters, so does woman, though she accomplished the negative im possibility of never opening her mouth. You remember how " musie's golden tongue flattered to tears" the ancient headsman in Keats' Eve of St. Agnes, and how it tells us of what the dead years were in their brightest, and gives back the sweet fragrance of the pretty flowers of life's spring. Perhaps, in passing, a word or two upon the local relations of music and culture may not be out of place. Most of us have read that interesting dissertation upon economic aspirations, Bellamy's " Looking Backward," in which we are told that beyond the joys and sorrows, the loves and strifes, the "whisperings from Paradise and fierce mockeries from the anarchy of chaos," of a century and a quarter, there is waiting for the generations of the future a perfect social state, in which life's harmonies will be no longer troubled by the notes of suffering, bulls and bears will have no place on 'Change, and music, through the whole gamut of its varieties, from the cock-a doodle-do songs of the matter-of-fact, well fed son of old England, to the world melo dies of Mozart and the symphonies of Beethoven, may, like water and gas, be turned on with a tap. Well, this may be but a dream towards which life will approxi mate. At all events it helps to show us some of the many defects of contemporary civilisation. The softer and humanising influences of life are neglected; the fleshly recommendation is the only one that takes. The English were never a very musical race. I say " very" to disarm criticism, and still further will fall back on authority to escape responsibility.* Anyone who hugs the illu sion that the English are a very musical race had better go for De Q.uincey. He speaks of the obtuseness of his countrymen in regard to one and the most effective of the Fine Arts—music—an obtuseness which is associated with pre-eminence, in both forms of the higher poetry, epic and tragic. "If therefore," he says, "in every mode of composition through which the impassioned mind speaks a nation has excelled its rivals, we cannot be allowed to suspect any general defect of sensibility as a cause of obtuseness with regard to music. So little, however, is the grandeur of this divine art suspected among us generally, that a man will write an essay deliberately for the purpose of putting on record his own preference of a song to the most elaborate music of Mozart -r he will glory in his shame, and though speaking in the character of one seemingly confessing to a weakness, will evidently view himself in the light of a candid man, laying bare a state of feeling which is natural and sound, opposed to a class of false pretenders who, whilst servile to rules of artists, in reality contradict their musical instincts, and feel little or nothing of what they profess." In Australia we have, of course, a racial mixture, but the color of our aesthetic culture, if I may affect the conventional terminology, is English. The most marked tendency, which it is happily one of the functions of such associations as this to counteract, is to refer everything to the material standard and take its effect upon the balance-sheet as the final test of its worth. For this reason a proposal to establish a national orchestra would probably be laughed at and the author credited with the possession of an inadequate number of shingles. The thousands which have been squandered on empty ceremonials, in declar ing, for instance, that a new railway line is open for traffic, a fact which a two and six penny advertisement would have published more effectively, would have supplied the capital fund for a State subvention of band worthy of the name. But the ceremonial hunters who never fail to assist at the obsequies of oysters and champagne, when the State pays the undertaker, cannot countenance anything associated solely with civilities of life. Philanthropy has here an admirable sphere. Those of our rich men who care to either earn or buy a reputation could scarcely turn their cash to better account than in bringing the civilising and healthy enjoyment of good music within easy reach of the people. If, as Buskin says, " the art or general productive and formative energy of any country is an exact exponent of its ethical life," the develop ment, in a way so pleasurable, of a less coarse or more delicate, whichever you wish, musical sensibility, must be a great aid to popular culture. Everjone is more or less an idealist, and whatever of dreamy contentment or sweet regret are possible to him, he is made sensible of by that power which, the poet tells us, Made tigers tame And hugh leviathans to dance on sands. If it were not for the probability that you would mistake it as a substitute for " God Save the Queen," I would make a short reference to Ibsen, who was in vogue here a few years ago, when I first arranged these notes. Critics, amateur and professional, have dealt with that writer as if he were a dramatist who incidentally moralises rather than a moralist who adopts the dramatic outlet as the most commendable ana effective one for reaching the respectabilities of society. In estimates of dramatic character no allowance has been made for necessary emphasis, but I find I am drifting into the tactics of that wiley practitioner of the Roman Old Bailey, "Cicero, who lamented that the law of evidence did not allow him to dwell upon certain facts, which he immediately proceeded to set forth in detail. Ibsen, you know, is a hater of shams, which is only another way of saying that the compass of his benevolent antipathy is -exceedingly wide. God knows the way of individuals, and the conventions of society are hollow enough. Discourse has become to hyperbolical (nothing like a good mouth filled when a fellow is dealing with extrava gances) that one is obliged to pitch higher than the truth to give scope for the cus tomary discount. No doubt it would be a serious matter for society if truth were made the order of the day and^ custom did not sanction a little charitable lying. " Free entertainment in a princely home is little valued when it's coupled with the disadvan tage of a dwelling- place where everyone is bound to speak the truth." So says Gelanor in " Gilbert's Palace of Truth." I am sure that Providence pardons the serviceable crammers with which a fellow wheedles a pretty little sweet-and-twenty out of the relics of her heart. But if the stony hypocrisy that too often passes for religion, and the claptrap and cant that pass for politics, have not an ill- ventilated limbo in the next world, I am afraid that the prin ciple of compensation is not so perfect as Emerson would have us believe. That apostle of democracy, Walt Whitman, asks us to look behind the mask of contemporary humanity and see what we find. "The spectacle is appalling. We live in an atmos phere ot hypocrisy throughout. The men believe not in the women nor the women in the men. A scornful superciliousness rules in literature. The aim of all literateurs is to find something to make fun of. A lot of -churches, sects, &c.;, the most dismal phan tasms I know, usurp the name of religion. Conversation is a mass of badinage. From deceit in the spirit, the mother of all false deeds, the offspring is already incalculable. The great cities reek with re spectable as much as non-respectable robbery and scoundrelism. In fashionable life flip pancy, tepid amours, weak infidelism, small or no aims at all, only to kill time. In business (this all-devouring modern word, business) the one sole object is, by any means, pecuniary gain. The magician's serpent in the fable ate up all the other serpents, and money- making is our magician's serpent, remaining to-day sole master of the field. The best class we show is but a mob of fashionably-dressed speculators and vul garians. True, indeed, behind this fantastic farce, enacted on the visible stage of society, solid things and stupendous labors are to be discovered, existing crudely, and going on in the background, to advance and tell themselves in time. Yet truths are none the less truths. I say that our new- world democracy, however great a success in up lifting the masses out of their sloughs in materialistic development, products, and in a certain highly deceptive, superficial, popu lar intellectuality, is so far an almost com plete failure in the social respects, and in really grand, moral, and aesthetic results." This is a rather stiff indictment, buteapable of being in the main sustained. Remember by whom it is made—not by one of those blind and conceited worshippers of the old order, who believe that intellect and tone are the monopoly of privilege arid birth, but by the greatest living interpreter of the democratic spirit. " Nobility," says Burke, " is a graceful ornament to the civil order. It is the Corinthian capital of polished society." Whitman asks for "a scientific estimate and reverent appreciation of the people—of their measureless wealth of latent power and capacity; their vast, artistic contrasts of lights and shades— with, in America, their entire reliability in -emergencies, and a certain breadth of historic grandeur, of peace or war, far surpassing all the vaunted samples of book heroes, or any haut ton coteries, in all the records of the world." But Whitman does not look on the people with the eye of a politician, and substitute ultimate ideals for present facts. He does not think that because the voice of the people is not the voice of the Devil it must therefore be the voice of God. He knows that cant and make- belief were never more effective than at present; that shams are not only tolerated, but courted; that blatherskite commonly goes down where sense fails; that what the public call politics chiefly consists in the manipulation of electoral machinery, and the fetching generalities called claptrap pass for profound policy ; that the moderates, trimmers, and plausible persons, of the class which Dante says were too colorless for the devil's taste and not good enough to pass the celestial janitor, are among the elect of the political world. The growing danger of young democracies like ours is the apathy of honest men and the activity of schemers. The one is the complement of the other. Those of the electors who are capable of political thought are too indolent to cultivate a wholesome opinion on public questions, and leave the conduct of public affairs to men who acquire power by bribing venality to dupe ignorance. The machinery of politics is worked for the benefit of the candidate with the longest purse and the most accommodating opinions. A keen observer and deep thinker has said that in America government by the people has in a large degree become, is in a larger degree becoming, government by the strong and unscrupulous. " The chameleon" 'says Swift, "who is said to feed on nothing but air, has of all animals the nimblest tongue." It is also to the witty dean that we are indebted for the remark that when a man of genius appears in the world he is known by the sign that the dunces are all in confederacy against him. I can very well leave these witticisms. to suggest their own application. But I must respect your patience and bring my apology for a subject to an end. Perhaps, after all, the difference is but one of time between realities and dreams ; that youth idealizes the future and old age the past. The fairyland of childhood lies before it and the heaven of old age behind. The "aching joys" and "dizzy raptures" of life's springtime are felt chiefly in memory, for every youngster of sensibility galls under the yoke of minority and longs for the years that bring the sense of power ; while Para dise is seen in retrospect in the winter of our days. Thou hast not youth or age, But, as it were, an after dinner's sleep, Dreaming; on both. There are places on earth, says Professor Wilson, that we shudder to revisit, even in a waking dream, beneath the meridian sunshine. They are haunted by the ghosts of thoughts that glorified the dawn of our prime. " But if man is," as Sir Thomas Brown says, " a noble animal, splendid in ashes, pompous in the grave," he must rise above the enervating despondency of his meditative hours and face his appointed task with some of the gladness of nature in his heart and with a stoical indifference to what fortune may bring. At the close of his address Mr. Glynn was accorded a very hearty vote of thanks. 