A GARDEN TRAGEDY s>3s| ny dora laxglois, j t uTho Kiss of Jodas, " A, \-- ' P' Family Fading, ' Etc. i 3 r of Pkeviods Chapters. _s 1 ,-i figure ot d» awry 18 Am \- I J1. a young man who, having "- jrunm Wo 'P o£ luxary M 1 BP"1 Lalihy stockbroker, w at the t J;Swemy suddenly hurled a to poverty by his father a and has to face the " oDeSof us hard- working ones. a himself to an architect, !pl,r ,1 course liuds a situation at o- lu ,u rj -ii near ivliere also his tiaucd, ja'" ove'ruess, who has, however, '? u fursakeii teaching for the „!«« position of companion to 'S 1" and etceiitric Jady whoae 15 oorder on the lusiue. Langton red a somewhat invidious post, > derk office boy, messenger and e K'Z and always at his employer's 1 fj"1' h,, ;« t0 reside in the house, a ifiSw" « i"1 ,ae " " "1 lents. The utmosteconomy '' to be practised, and Air Weatgarth, 1 Obtuse s employer is called, demurs 1 \im his wife a coapie of pounds for ' ehceywg purposes at the very f-5 r' iut ebBU no has given Ambrose ri'nudwn 10 go and caaii a cheque lor !L j "Jmo aLd meet huu at Liverpuol-Btreet j ! n with the money. Arrived at tne 3 nun Jlr Wusigartu seems auxiuua 10 Jbw plans, and aaiB Ambrose not jjsntiou it to airs Wcsigarth, the fact wr nuabaud is hut in the City. I ere is auogetuer something uud about \\\c 1 arth idiuuy. A'he Wife la a "t jarj haooy woman who has been a O jic 'servant, and Air -i estgartu " U la a uara, atom man, vvitn appa- \ ij uostfecilou at all lor his culiureu ,f dojs and a loveiy aaugnter of :r ' Veulteu,' who is disposed to make' 5 rends with her father s lactotum. CHAPTER '11 (Continued). : - 1 did not might at . Seven Sisters, but : ! riont at Stamford Hill, as 1 had some bKC'ians to give to the foreman engaged : a , r0ff of cottages near the river, 'emrnine, 1 came oy the towing path, atndme to strike the road again at Snie/a Lane. That district was then' n, ouTace uf the lucaiity. it was bur- . Ajei oy belds with broken hedges, ' ajaty ash-heaps, ana other signs of the ' tpu couuiry warring with .he encroach- Mtuwu. As 1 turned from the towing trb into the lane, 1 »a W at a little dla- nnce m Irout 01 me a young lady engaged s a conversation with a man in bell- 5 viunwd irouauis. He had something Eiuarms. 1 s».v the girl take out.her rar-e aud give hioi money, though how ; am of course 1 could not tell. Then 1 :e handed her whatever it was he was siryius. pulled his foieiock, and dis ijiKsrcu. a he walked on slowly up the lad. My own more rapid pace brought jssoreast of her in no time, bat before J reached her 1 knew that it was Adele Weatgarth. Her face was glowing with excite- aent. her bright eyes sparkling, but us started almost guiltily as she recog- usd me. 'Have yon been making a purchase, ! ku WesiL'arth ?" t demanded by way of , akmu conversation. She turned back I sr summer cape and showed' me nestling 2 her arms a tiny dog scarcely larger -a a pint pot, a small black Italian eend. 1 gave the man a trifle," she ssrered. " How do you like him ? ' rhouuh never a doggy man, I knew souuti uf the kennel to be aware that the I himal was thoroughbred and faultless- at I ill points. "In that case, Miss Westgarth," I said, " 1 m afraid that the man who sold him had no very good title. Thongh not absolutely the latest craze, this breed is valuable, even when the specimen is less perfect than the one you have."' bhe bit her l.p and made no reply, and as 1 had 110 more desire to pry into her aflairs than into her father's, I Baid no more. 1 reBently she turned to me and de- manded, " Where has Papa gone to-day, j Mr Langton 1" J "1 do not know, Miss .Weatgarth," I replied. " He is attending to business, I j wppoae." j , "K0 had a letter from Rye Barnet 1 '8IS morning," she said, " mother's native : place. I shall keep out of his way when 1 he comes home to night." 1 ' Tins is not an unusual occurrence | then ? I mentally ejaculated. " He will I return." j He did return that night, jaded and j vora like a man who has gone through , tome phase of emotion cruelly ener- ; rating. Alias Adele was playing softly in 1 toe drawing-room above. t ' Why is that girl up ?' he demanded, hotly, though it was not half paBt nine, betid her to bad at once!" bhe has not had her supper yet,". respuuaed Mrs Westgarth. Then let her take it in her room," he md. 11 1 dou" t wish to see her to-night ; W, if you prefer it — if her comfort is to be wnsidered before mine — you can send my mppsr upstairs." This was the second time that"I had teen allowed to perceive that there was JJ great affection for his daughter in Mr "Cstgarth's breast. He has some exense for irritability," f thought. "I take it that he- is two monsands poorer to-night than he was ls morning. It was no genuine bnsi- tesa deal -for which he changed that cheque," 1 little thought that some day I should know the history of that joarney — that I ®honld piece the mystery together in rantic, heart-broken efforts to -find , the perpetrator of a cruel crime. CHAPTER III. On tho day which saw Mr Westgarth rlati out and return from his mysterious journey, the last post brought me two 'tiers — one . from Uoris, tlie other ad- ressea in a sprawling, misformed hand, 'id bearing the local post- mark. My teaders or the fair sex will understand J">w it came about that I thrust the latter mto my po ket, aud forgot all about it in my eagerness to peruse the fornier. The ollownig day was a Saturday, and at it-past 12, as I put away my books, the Sreenery and freshness of the garden ®eemed so tempting that, reaching my "8ti I Btrolled out on to the gravel Bweep _ 3h encircled the lawn, and the hoge mnlberry- treo. Ab I walked I suddenly recollected the nbread missive received the night before, ad finding it still in my pocket, tore the epvelope, and took oat the following pre- woaB effusion ; — , Dale House, Friday. Papa and Rape are going fishing ; jAmma and Miss B. will be out shop- Pteg- Be in the garden at half- past 12.— ADEIE." ' . Hot with vexation, I thrust the letter pocket again. Aly absolutely uuconscioas visit to the Harden must look like an acceptance ot ha clandestine invitation, and to return 10 the house (as I waB in the mind to do) onld appear like chagrin at her failnre 10 keep the appointment. 1 have no particular respect for your PWente, Miss Adele," I said to myself > "but you are mistaken if yon think a private interview with yon is worth the trouble of deoeivlng them. I had almost, decided to retain, and let her think what she liked of my conduot, when she stepped out on to the lawn, and coming forward greeted mo with a half timid smile. " You got my letter ? Yon were very kind to do what I asked." . It was useless to assert that I had bat jast read it, so 1 replied somewhat stiffly — ",i .shall be happy at anytime to do anything I can to oblige you. Miss Westgarth; bat, as regards that letter, was it not rather an unnecessary way of communicating with me 1 If you wished to speak with me, why write to tell mo so when we are nnder the same roof V " I wrote because I did not want any body to know," was the remarkably straightforward confession of her inten tion to. deceive.'.' " Indeed 1 May I ask why t Is there any particular reason why yon should not converse with me occasionally 1" " Mother would not like it, because " Because I am her hnsband's servant 1 Exactly. That being the case, whatever my opinion on the subject may be, I should certainly acquiesce in her views while under this roof." "That's just what yon mustn't do if yon want to be happy here. Mother only snubs people who let her. Yon know that you are superior to anyuue here, aud you must let her Bee as much," she answered with decision. I looked at the girl iu astonishment, tlere, indeed, was a household divided against itself,, a father who disliked his first- buru, and a daughter who spoke in open disrespect of her mother. , "it was somethiug particulat I wanted," she continued, before 1 could speak. My little dog. Air Laugton — you — you think, me a receiver uf stolen pro perty, don't you V " Perfectly innocently. Miss West garth. 1 don't suppose you knew the animal's value." Again she knitted her brows as she had done when she found that I had been an accidental witness of the transaction. "Should yon think it Btrange if — if people liked me — and gave me presents V' she asked. ."No, I should not," I replied; "but Bailey's-lane is a strange Bpot for a ren dezvous with a messenger, for of course the individual 1 saw was not a principal." " Mother is quite satisfied,'' she Baid, faintly. "Tiiat settles it, of course," I an swered. "in any case it Jb really no business of mine." She looked up sudden y into my eyes. " if you think 1 told her any falsehoods you are wrong " she said. " 1 wouldn't explain anything about it -and she — she told papa it was a present from my Dal- ston friends. Mr Langton, you mustn't say anything about what you know, be cause it woald get her into trouble. She would do anything to prevent my being in disgrace." — For the first time I was moved to a feeling of pity for her. With a mother so injudicious, almost criminally injudicious, what wonder Bhe was as she was. However, it was out of the question that i should express my opinion, so . i merely gave her -the assurance she sought. " You may rely on my discretion, Miss Westgarth. I was turning away with a stiff bow, .when she suddenly faced me with flashing eyes and heaving bosom. "You are thinking bad things of me, :Mr Langton 1 Say them, and have done with it." " 1 think you use your mother's blind affection to unworthy ends," I replied, accepting the invitation she threw out, for, thongh not altogether a fit person for the task, I thought that a little plain Bpeaking would do no harm. " 1 do, -I do," she cried, with a sadden, bitter self-accasation that I had not ex pected. " I wish she would rale me, but she can't ; she is my slave, and' nothing free-born ever doves a slave." She turned from me as Bhe spoke, and, sinking on to the bench beneath the tree, burnt Into a passionate flood of tears. Her emotion was so genuine that .it woke a response- in me. It was not her beauty no, thank Sod 1 it was not her beauty first drew me to Adele Westgarth. "Hush! hush 1" I said. "I have no .right whatever to dictate to -yon, -bat I myself have always thought the relation of mother and child a beautiful and sacred thing, and I confess it astonished me to-find one who sets no store by it. " 1 have heard that, and lead of it, and seen it in other homes," she said, "but L haven't got the feeling; Mr Langton, T was born without it— 1 know 1 was, just as somo people are born blind, or deaf, or dumb. Theremin only one other explanation.and that — " " Yes, "hat is thati' I asked, gently.' She shook her head and turned away. "No, that's only an excuse tor my bad ness ; I have no right to tell yon. no right to think of it. It is too awful. I did not press the question; it seemed to me that -the high-strung, nervous tem perament of this girl bordered perhaps upon hysteria, that fearful malady which induces some women to surruuuu moiu- selves with clouds of wild and ridncnlons fancies. . if that was the case it would be just as well not to enconrage her to talk of them, so i Baid— "If you feel yourself in the wrong, why not make -matters right by a confes sion to yonr mother, and then yon can with a free conscience leave it to her f" Her brow contracted thoaghtfnlly. " I can't tell her," she said ; " at leaBt, l'd almost rather tell him and take the consequences, but— but I can t do ovea that now. Mr Langton, don't yon think there are some things that good people make .far . worse when they try to mend them ?" "Well," I said, after a momentary pause, "you have my promise to be Bilent, though I am by no means sure that I am acting in your best interest. The whole thingNias been a grave mis take from beginning to end ; moro espe cially in concealing a thing, innocent per- \- 1 £ nmiai faf.hflr ATld naps in ustm, uvm — — — mother, while it is known to a stranger under the sama roof. Have you not con sidered that an unscrupulous person might presume on the strength of having a common secret with you 1 " But you are a gentleman." " I hope so. Still, you have no means of knowing that with any certainty. It is a great mistake to suppose that a gentle manly exterior makes' a man of recti- tQShe looked at me with such round-eyed childish wonder that I paused ; I was clearly going beyond her depth.Shehad spoken to me so frankly— with such apparent unconsciousness of the snares and pitfalls that lie in the. way of such confidences as between persons of the opposite sex, that it was borne in upon me that her mind and body were at diffe rent stages of development, in other words, that she had the J girl just budding into womanhood, and the limited experiences and ideas ot a child only. It this nnknowndonorwasa would- be lover, at least she did not understand his motive, it seemed to me. Prompted by this new idea, I contumed- « far as I am concerned, Bun _ its Westgarthoujr confidence, I ' assure you, shall not he abused-,. bntfeI Cyitrpngly in clined to qonht the-'rebtifudd ot'tlie' per- aon who makes you presents bWhis clan destine manhdr/' T ' Her face flamedwitli alo#lng color — her eyes were once more defiant. " How do yon know," she said, " what oar relationship is 1 How can yen tell the nature of the tie between ns 1" "I am absolutely unable to judge, except on general lines," I answered ; " bat I know that unacknowledged ties have always an element of shame in them." The bright color died from her cheeks, her face was contracted with pain, her eyeB were strangely wistful. "Perhaps you are right," she said. " Yes, I'll have done with it. It will bo better so." The little dog had rnn up to her, and was fawning on her, and I noticed that he wore a red morocco collar, with his name, Maximilian, engraved on a silver plate. She caught him up, and covered him with passionate kisses, and, still holding him to her breast, walked away, from me over the lawn. I never gnesBed how strange a part little Max was to play in the then im pending tragedy. CHAPTER IV. ' That night, after others of the house hold had retired to reat, 1 waB burning thB midnight oil, over an answer to the letter i had received from Doris, when I was startled by what seemed to me a muffled cry for help. I Bprang to the door and listened. Ho one stirring, the passage was empty and silent. I was about to return when a very distinct, low, sobbing sound- caught my ear, Tfiere waB no mistaking it ; it came 'from a door on the other ai'le of the pas sage. I crossed at once to the door and -knocked. " Come in. Oh 1 do come in," cried a voice from the interior of the apartment. It was Adele's. " is it you, Miss Westgarth 1 Did yon call 1" I demanded. "Yes, yes," she answered. "Oh, make haste, make haste 1" "Where shall I find the servants ? Shall 1 call them V A muffled shriek Was the only response, and convinoed that her room waB on fire, and that there was no time for ceremony, 1 burst the door and entered. The room was in perfect order, thongh the bod was thrown open, and in her dressing-gown against tho wall, pale as a ghost, stood Adeie, "Are yon ill? What has frightened you ? Everything is perfectly safe," I stammered, looking round me in bewilder ment. " Oh 1 No, no, no," she moaned. "There are hundreds of them.'- Oh 1 One is on me. It's on my shoulder.1 I shall die ; 1 shall die." "I ran to her, kn'ockedfrom her arm, and quickly despatched the cauae of tho trouble— an ugly black beetle. Feeling more awkward and' annoyed than 1 can well express, 1 turned to the aoor. " I'll call the women," I said. " I thought the place was on fire." "Wno could have done it? It was Rupe, it muBt have been 1 There's another — crawling — crawling — over the bed. Don't go. 1 shall go mad 1" I .sprang to the bod, and for a minute I had a lively time. There were not "hundreds "of the repulsive insects ; but a dozen black beetles, a small frog, a dead mouse, two or three spiders, and some fat earth worms rewarded my search. When they had all fallen victims to , my zeal, 1 turned to her and said — " It is all right now, Miss Westgarth. I think you may consider yourself safe." " No, no ; if yon have left .one, and it touches ma, I shall have a fit. I daren't — I daren't be left alone," she panted. " Then leave the room," I said, feeling that the questionable situation was be coming desperate. " Here is your wrap, and here are your alippers," and I threw over her a shawl I had found on the back of a chair. " Come, put the things on, and run off to yonr mother." "Look in the alippers— there may be something in them." " There is nothing in tnem— notmng at all," I insisted, turning them upside down. " Come now, lean on me, and slip yonr teet In, and then be off like a "good girl to your mother.'' Trembling and sobbing, Bhe did as I bid her, and let me lead her from the room. " No, not to mother," she whispered, as I struck a match, and lit the passage gas. " I'll go to Janet. Stay here till I get to her door." Then, like a flash, she left me, and darted away towards the servants' quarters. " That's a queer girl !" I said to myself, as I returned to my room. "Some women I know would call her frankly immodest. To me it seems that she hasn't a vestige of self- consciousness, and tbat-what they call her boldness is the outcome of her absolute innocence." "She is far too lovely— far too dan- gerously lovely," I added, withan inward sense of irritation at having to make the confeasion, " to be secure with such slender safeguards as she seems to have." On the desk before me lay my un- finished letter to Doris. I had broken off at an attempted description of Adele as a pretty|yonag girl, with a strong will and a hot temper. With the vision before me of the slight figure in its clinging robes, the beantif ally modelled little naked feet, the dark hair, floating like a cloud round the pale, oval face, it seemed to me that my letter, honestly written only a few moments be fore, had a false ring in it. It appeared to belittle the girl of whom I wrote ; at any rate, it did not convey, as I had. promised it should, the exact nature and strength of the impression she had made on me. Yet how could I say to the woman who loved me, " The girl i3 very, very beautiful, Bhe trusts me absolutely, and, thongh I am far from loving her, I own that her strange personality has laid a firm hold on wy fancy, from which I can not escape, struggle as I may." The following morning I was up be times, and out iu the garden, in the hope that the fresh air would dispel the offsets of an ,.unea3y night. As 1 ronnaea a hedge of arbntns at the bottom of one of the paths, I came apon a strange group. Mibs Boehn — the angular governess, Rupert — the cause of last night's trouble, who was blubbering loudly, and Willie— the youngest of "the family, a flabby, blonde baby, not yet breeched, who stood by with the air of a juvenile philosopher, placidly sacking his thumb. " Don't cry, Rapert, yon really mast control yourself," Miss Boehn wassaying.; " You've brought it on yourself ; it really serves yon right— thongh, of course, I don't extenuate yonr sister's conduct in the least. The rabbit is dead ; it's not a bit of use making such a fuss." _ " What la the matter, Miaa Boehn ? 1 inquired, stepping forward. "Ohl nothing," she answered. "Miss Adele has poisoned her brother's pet, and I have confined her to her room, that s all." "Then I think you might have con sulted me first, Miss Boehn, said a sharp voice behind ns, and Mrs Westgarth— her corpulent figure trembling with passion, her face unbecomingly pink— pushed her way into the group. " I am the person to punish Mis3 Adele when she requires it." " I thought yon wished me to save you the responsibility," responded Miss Boehn, with acid humility. " No, I don't," was the cart response, for Mrs Westgarth having once been a servant herself, was now a very hanghty mistress. " I like to be. consulted in my own 'onse. Come along, Willie 1 If Miss Boehn can't teach yonr brother better manners, I shall have yon contaminated next," and Mrs Westgarth, dragging her youngest born by the wrist, marched off, leaving me with Rapert, hts governess, and the carcase of the poisoned pet. As for me, my employer's wife had only deigned to favor me with a short nod, and seemed to deBire to avoid any conversation on the subject of last night's adventure. "Lnuppoce she will reverse my judg ment," said Miss Boehn, cynically. " She always does ! What is yonr opinion, Mr Langton. Is a few hours' solitary confinement too mnoh for- having poi soned a harmless creature T' " It is not for me to express an opinion, either on the exerolae of your judgment, MisB Boehn, or on Mian Westgarth's conduct," 1 answered, Irritably, as I turned away. In my own heart I knew that the governess was in the right, and I had been guilty of rudeness towards her. What. 1. did not know was what to blame for my Irritation. Was I angry with Adele for her monstrons cruelty, with Miss Boehn for having punished her, or merely with myself for caring about it one way or the other. For the life of me I could not tell ; I only knew that I was In an evil hnmonr, which lasted all the morning. Just before lunoh I came upon Adele in the hall, but I deliberately turned my back upon her. " The less I see of yon, Miss Cleopatra- cam-Marie de-Brinviliers, tho better," 1 I said to myself. Odr meals were never inspiriting func tions, for Mrs Westgarth's idea of gentility was the silent table ; moreover, she was in a bitterly cantankerous mood to- day. The whole party was, therefore, under a cloud, when Willie, the baby, laid himself out to edify n3. " Oh ! er — isn't we going to have the thabbitt fo' dinner ?" he demanded, when a leg of mntton made its appearance on the board. - " No, of. conrse not, Willie," replied Miss Boehn. "It would not be fit for food, " Bat we does have thabbit sometimes ; and I likes thabbit " " Not poisoned rabbit, Willie. No one eats that." Willie pondered the situation, and helped his feeder to a liberal supply of gravy. " Does poisoned thabbits go to heaven ? " he demanded presently. "Of course not," from Miss Boehn. Willie sucked his empty spoon and apparently extracted a new idea from it. " Does people what poisons ,'ittle thabbits go to heaven 1" Mrs Weatgarth coald stand It no longer. "For goodness sake, Mr Westgarth, do keep order at yonr table," she cried. "Be quiet,- Willie. I'm sure I beg your pardon, my dear," he mnrmnred, for except on the question of money, he gave way to her in everything. Willie, however, feeling himself ag grieved, began to snivel, and his mis guided father surreptitiously handed him an orange. This gave Mrs Westgarth the opportunity, of punishing others for the chagrin she herself was suffering. "Mr W. 1 " she cried, "you surprise me 1 If meals are to be conducted in this way, I shall leave tho table," and sho sprang up; - As she passed her, Adolo caught at her frock as thongh to hinder her progress. "Don't talk to me, my dear," sho said, thought not' a word had been uttered by herself. "If. yon father would treat all his children properly, instead of pam pering one, and persecuting another, my nerves wonldn t be constantly shattered by the constant goings-on in this house/' and she s wept" from the room. Mr Westgarth's brow darkened, as his eye fell on his daughter. - "You do well," he 'said, "to soek favor with your mother. You always have been, and I suppose you always will be, the cause of all the trouble In this house." And with this unjust and un- fatherly Bpeech, he, too, rose and left the table. About an hour later I saw tho two boys emerge from the house and take up a position nnder one of the shrubs. Rape carried, a spade and a chocolate box carefully closed. Willie had a clean towel tied ronnd his neck, and carried a school book upside down. It was evident that they were abont to celebrate the obsequies of the rabbit. They had reached a .very 1' interesting" portion of the ceremony, when Adele stepped out on to the lawn. "Come 'long!- Come 'long, Adie," exclaimed Willie. , " You is just in time to see the good bye, deader I Gory-lally-youyer ! " "Never mind that," she replied, " come to me, Willie, I want you." " Hold the book straight, and go on," yelled Rupe, dancing ronnd the grave. Adele was holding out her apron fall of cherries, and Willie, one hand fall of moaia, wnicn ne naa Deen auoui to urop on the coftn, the other tugging at the towel ronnd his neck, was edging nearer to her, " Yah 1 you ninny, and she'll poison yon," shouted Rnpert, enraged at his brother's desertion of him. " Look ont 1 Yon're done for. She's got yon." At that moment Adele had caught the boy's wrist to draw him to her ; and he, alarmed by his brother's warning, set up a piercing howl, wriggled like a worm, and flang the mould and pebbles right into her face. The next thing I knew was that she had flang him from her with a passionate exclamation, and, entangled in his mock surplice, he had fallen on -to the edge of the Bpade, laying open a hasty wonnd on his temple. To get him up in my arms, carry him through the house, across the wasteland and the high road into an adjoining dispensary, seemed the work of only a moment or two. The cut was a very ugly one, and close enough to the eye to show nrliof 9 narrnw annAftlr hfl had had. " I am taking up the dntieB of general factotum with facility," I muttered to myself, as, after getting hioi stitched up, I bore him back to bis family, who had only just been informed by Rape of the calamity. Then leaving him to the tearful caresseB of his mother, I returned to my official duties. In saying that I returned to my duties I am hardly correct. I returned to my office, truly; but quiet work was still impossible for me. As I opened the door, I became consclon that I was not alone ; there on the rug lay Adele, face down- Wards, her long hair falling in torrents aronnd her, trailing across the linolenm of the small room, almoist to my feet. Again that strange feeling of pity for her for which I loathed myself, crept over me ; but I fought against it. " Get up, Miss Westgarth,' I said, " yon can't lie there. The boyjs all right now 5 a scar he will carry for life willbe the only souvenir of your day's work." "Thank God 1 Ohl Thank God: 1" she panted. " I did not mean to hurt him; bnt I was mad with anger, and when It comes over mo, I don't know what I'm doing. Oh 1 Mr Langton, say that yon believe I did not mean to hart him." "Perhaps not," I answered, "bnt a person who conld tako fife in any form to satisfy revengeful feelings—" " ?Hr Langton, I did not kill the rabbit." She had drawn heiself np, her elbows on the seat of the office arm-chair ; her eyes so strangely bright, in spite of the tears quivering on their long lashes, looking wistfully into my own. She, so careless of the opinion of others, that, if what she said was true, she had willingly allowed them all to think her gnilty, seemed pleading almost for my esteem. What wonder that, being only hqman, I found it hard to resist her, although I knew that her very eagerness to reha bilitate herself in my eyes was In itself a fault. " WHy did you not dony it then 1 " I demanded, still speaking sternly. " I couldn't ; it was Willie who did it ; I only took the poisonous stuff away, and Rape saw me, and said it was my doing. I did not mind, I did not care, nntil you turned yonr back on me." "Was it altogether my fault?" I asked. " You had taken on yourself the blame of a hideous and unwomanly act — a mean, low, spiteful act, it seemed. How was I to know that you were innocent ? " " Yon might have known," she whis pered. "I wonld never be ready to think ill of yon. Then, father made my black mood worse, he always does ; watch him, and see if ho can bear to have me touch him ; and Willie himself turned against me — Willie, whom I meant to shield, and I was mad with rage, and oh 1 oh ! I have hart him more than Rape would have dared to do. I — I might have killed him.' Down went her head again on to her arms, and she sobbed again. " Hash 1 Hash 1 " 1 said, laying my hand gently on the blue-black tresses. " I understand you were sorely tempted, and yon let the painter go. Self-sacrifice is a- beantif ul thing, bnt very few of as are able to carry it through to the end." I was trying to assume the position towards her which she seemed to give me ; to regard her as a mere spoilt child to whom I conld adopt an almost parental style ; bnt I made a mistake, I innocently fanned her strange affection for me, and drew her nearer in my efforts to put her off. "Yon are sorry for me now," she whispered, "thongh yon know just what I am. I am too mnch loved and too much hated in this house ; and I'm not to blame for either, thongh it makes me wicked— bnt you will be my friem?, won't you, and not think ill of me again till yon know that I deserve it ? " "Yon need a friend," I said, thought fully (with Buch a mother and such a father what girl would net?) "but that friend should be a woman." "Why?" Again she -was on the edge of that question. . I conld net discuss it with her. " It would be better all ways," I an swered, evasively. " You know the lady you saw me with at Hastings ? 1 should like her to be your friend. Some day, perhaps, it may be managed. Go now, my time is yonr father's, and I am wasting it." <. Her face was radiant with smileB again. " Ask her," she said, softly. " Perhaps if I had snch a friend I might tell her the things that trouble me, and she would set me right." I sot no store by hor words then ; they seemed to. refer only to the .fancies of lier imaginative mind. I little knew how vory real , was the problem she — morally so. ill- equipped — was struggling with alone. Had I never felt the fascination of hor beaaty, doubtless I should havo carried out my own suggestion, taken Doris into our mutual confidence, and so in all human probability have averted a tragedy; but at the time, when I thought it over, u Beemed unfair to Doris, cowardly on my own part, to seek to place her between us as a bulwark for my woakncBB, and so I let things drift towards the rocks ahead. (To be Continued) 