LOST FOR LOVE, CHAPTER LV. — (Continued.) He looked as if he was, as lie galloped furiously out of eight, waking the sleeping townsfolk with the thunder of his horse's hoofs. He had heard the story of the ghost, and had laughted at it, with the' rest; but he had lieard it in broad daylight, and the most timid of- us can laugh at ghost-stories then. He had not been thinkino: of her, and he had seen her — he had seen her at midnight — true ghostly hour — on tho lonesome Redmon road, ?with her death- white face and streaming hair ! He had seen her — lie had seen the ghost of .Nathalie Marsh ! Mr. Johnston, the sleepy valet, sitting up for his master, recoiled in terror as that master crossed tho threshold of the room. Captain Cavendish only stared vaguely as the man spoke to him, and strode by him and into his room, with an unearthly glare in his eyes and the horrible lividfldss of death in his face. Mr. Johnston stood appalled outside the door, : wondering if his master had committed a murder on the way home — nothing less could excuse his looking like that. Once, half an liour after, Captain Cavendish opened his door, still ' looking like that,' and ordered brandy, in a voice that did not sound like his own ; and Mr. Johnston brought it, and got the door slammed in his face afterward. The usually peaceful slumbers of Mr. John ston were very much disturbed that night by this extraordinary conduct on the part of his master. He lost at least three hours' sleep ? jiorplexing himself about it, for never since he ' had had the honour of being the captain's man had that gentleman behaved so singu larly, or exhibited so ghastly and deathlike a. face. When, in the early watches of the . morning, be presented himself at his master's door with towels and water, it was in a state of minglod curiosity and terror; but he found there was no call for the latter emotion. Beyond looking uncommonly pale and hollow eyed (sure tokens of a sleepless night) Cap tain Cavendish was perfectly himself again ; and whether this was owing to the brandy he had drank or the exhilarating effect of the morning sunshine, Mr. Johnston could not tell, but ho was inclined to set it down to the the brandy. Even the paleness and the hol low-eyedness was not noticeable after he had shaved and dressed, and partaken of his breakfast, and sauntered out, swinging his cane and smoking his cigar, to kill thought in . the bustling streets of the town. Yal Blake, standing in his ? office-door, hailed him as he passed. 1 How are you, Uavenaish r Heavenly jmorning, isn't it ? Have you any particular engagement for the afternoon ?' ' This afternoon ? What hour?' _ ' Oh, about three. You must postpone your engagments to accommodate me.' ' I have none so early. I dine with the mess at six. What is it?' 'A little surprise that I have in store for you. \ Drop into Davcy's office about five, and ?we'll give you a little surprise !' 'A little surprise ! Of what nature, pray ?' ' Honour bright !' said Yal, turning to run up-stairs. ' I won't tell you. Will you come?' ' Oh, certainly ! It will kill time as woll as ? anything else.' He sauntered on unsuspiciously, never -?dreaming he was sealing his own fate. Val * Blake had no compunctions about entrapping /?him. . He was so artful a villain he must be taken by surprise, or he might baffle them vet. 'So slippery an eel,' argued Mr. Blake to Svliiniself, mnst not be handled with gloves. .Eie may as well walk into Darcy's office him self, as bo brought there .by a couple of police . officers.' Captain Cavendish returned to his hotel early, and avoided all places where he was likely to meet Lieutenant Blank. Of all people, lie wanted to shun him from henceforth; of all subjects, ho never wanted to speak of the terrible fright he had received the previous night. So ho turned to his rooms, and smoked and read, and' wrote letters, and dined at two, and as tho town clock iwas striking five he was opening tho door of Mr. Darcy's office. And still no presentiment of what was so near dawned dnrkly upon him ; no weird foreboding thrilled in nameless dread through his breast; .tnodimand gloomy shadowing of the awful retribution overtaking him sq fast mado his stop falter or his heart beat faster as he opened that door. Perhaps it is only to good men that their angol-guardians ^.whisper in that ' still small voice' those mystic warnings, that tell us poor pilotless mariners on the sea of life of the shoals and quick-sands ahead.' Perhaps it 'is only men' like this man, whose souls are stone-blind, that cannot see dimly tho hidden shipwreck at hand. He saw nothing, felt nothing ; ho walked iu carelessly, and saw Mr. Daroy, old Squire Tod, and Mr. Blake, sitting close together and talking earnestly. Ho- wondered why they all looked so grave, aud why two constables, who had been looking ?out of a window, should place themselves ouo on each sido of the door, as if on guard, as ho ?.?came in. Ho wondered, but nothing more. Mr. Daroy aroso very gravely, very _ gravely ? ? bowed, and presented. him, with ft chair. ' Good afternoon, gentleman,' ho said, in differently, 'I liavo dropped in on my way to the mess-room, at the request of Mr. Blake, who told me there was a surprise in sfore for me here.' 'There is, sir,' replied Mr. Darcy, in a strange voice. ' There is a surprise in there for you, and not a very pleasant one, either. Mr. Blake was quite right. Something in his voice chilled Captain Cavendish, for the first time ; but he stared at him haughtily, and pulled out his gold hunt ing- watch. ' I. dine at six,' he said coldly. ' It is past five now. I beg you will let me know what all this means, as fast as possible, I have no time to spare.' . ' You will make time for our business, Cap tain Cavendish ; and as for the mess-dinner,' I think you mtist postpone that altogether to-day.' ' Sir,' said Captain Cavendish, rising ; but Mr. Darcy returned his gaze stonily. ' Sit down, sir, sit down ! The business that rendered your presence here necessary is of so serious a nature — so very serious a nature, that all other considerations must yield before it. You will not go to the mess-dinner, I re peat. I do not think you will ever dine at the mess-table again.' The face . of Captain Cavendish turned orhastlv, in snito of everv effort, and he turned with a look of suppressed fury at Yal Blake. ? ' You traitor !' he said, ' you have done this. Your invitation was only a snare to entrap me.' V. ' Honest men, Captain Cavendish,' said Mr. Blake, composedly, ' fear ho snare, dread no trap. It is only criminals, living in daily dread of detection, who need fear their fellow-men. I preferred you should enter here of- yout1 own accord, to being brought here handcuffed by the officials of the law.' Every drop of blood had left the face of the Englishman ; but he strove to brave it out. ' I cannot comprehend what you mean by these insults,' he said. 'Who dare talk to me, an English officer and a gentleman, of handcuffs and crimes ?' ' We dare,' replied Mr. Darcy. ' We, in whom the laws of the land are invested. These laws you have vilely broken, Mr. Caven dish — for I understand you have sold out of the service, and have no longer claim to military rank. In the name of the law, George Cavendish, I arrest you for the wilful murder of Jane Leroy !' It was an utter impossibility for the white face of the man to grow whiter than it had been for the last ten minutes ; but at the last words he gave a sort of gasp, and caught at the arms of the chair on which he sat. If they had wanted moral conviction before of his guilt, they wanted ifc no longer — it was written in every line of his bloodless face, in every quiver of his trembling lips, in every choking gasp of breath he drew. They sat looting at him with solemn faces, but no one spoke. Tlioy were waiting for him to recover from the shock,, and break the silence. He did break it at last ; but in a voice that shook so, the words seemed to fall to pieces in his mouth. ' ' It is false !' ; he said, trying to steady his shaky voice. ' I deny the charge. Charley Marsh was' tried-and found guilty long ago. He is the murderer !' ' Charley Marsh is an Innocent man — you are the murderer. Your own face is your accuser,' said Mr. Darcy. ' I never saw guilt betrayed more plainly in all my life. You murder jd Jane Leroy — ye3, strangled her for her pitiful wealth.' ' Who has told you this infernal story ?' exclaimed the infuriated captive, glaring upon the lawyer. ' Has that d — d scoundrel found ? ' He stopped suddenly, nearly choking himself with his own words, and the phlegmatic lawyer finished the sentence. ' Found Cherrie— yes ! You see there is no hope for, you now. - Here, Cherrie, my girl, come out !' There was a door standing ajar opposite them, that looked as if it led into some inner aud smaller office. As the door opened wide, the prisoner caught a glimpse of two men, only a glimpse ; for the next moment Cherrie stood before him. The last faint glimmer of hope died out iu his breast at sight of her with that vindictive look in her face. ' Oh, you villain !' screamed Cherrie, shaking her fist at him, lior black eyes flashing fire. ' You mean, lying, deceitful villain ! I'll fix you off for the way you have treated mo ! I'll tell every thing — I have told it, and I'll tell it again, and again, and again; and I hope. j they'll hang you, and I'll go to soo jou hung j with the Greatest pleasure, I will!' ] Here Cherrie, who had not drawn breath, and was scarlet in the face, had to stop for a second, and Mr. Darcy struck in : ' Hold 'your tongue, Cherrie ! Not another, word. ! Stick to facts— abuse is superfluous. You see, Captain Cavendish, with thoovijienco of this witness, nothing more is needed-:but drawing out a warrant for your, avrest. She ia prepared to swear positively to your guilt.j ? ' I don't doubt it,' said Captain Cavendish, ?with a .bitter sneer ; such a creature as sho is would swear to anything, I dare say. We all know the character of Cherrie Ncttleby.' ' Silence, sir thundred Mr, Darcy ; ' you are the very last' who should cast a stone at her — you, who have deliberately led her to her ruin!' 'He told me I was his wife,!' sobbed Cher rie, hysterically, ' or I never should have gone, I never knew it was a sham marriage, until Mr. Blake told me so down in Charlottetown. We were married in the Methodist meeting house, and I thought it was a minister, and Mr. Blake was there, and I thought it -was all right ! Oh, dear me !' sobbed Cherrie, the hysterics growing alarming ; ' everybody was in a wicked plot against me, and I was only a poor girl, and not up to them ; and I wish I had never been born — so there !' Squire Tod and Mr. Darcy turned with looks of stern inquiry upon Mr. Blake. ' What does this mean ?' asked old Squire Tod. ' You never said anything about this, Blake.' ' No,' said Yal, perfectly undisturbed ; I only told you Cherrie had run away with Cap tain Cavendish.' ' This is my irreproachable accuser, you see,'' said Captain Cavendish, with sneering sarcasm. What that woman says is true ; I did inveigle her into a sham marriage, but Mr. Yal Blake managed the whole affair — got the church and the sham clergyman, and deceived that crying fool there fifty times more than I' did ; for she trusted him !' Squire Tod's face darkened into a look of: stern severity as he turned upon Yal. ^ 'Mr. Blake,' he said, 'I am more astonished and shocked by this than anything I have heard yet. That you should be guilty of so base and unmanly an act — you, whom we all respected and trusted — as to entrap a poor weak-minded child (for she was only a child) to misery and ruin ! Shame, shame, on you, sir, for such a coward's act !' Very few people ever suspected Val Blake of dignity. One would have thought he must have shrunk under these stern words, abashed. But he did not — he held his head proudly erect — he rose with the occasion, and was dignified. ' One moment !' he said, ' wait one mo ment, squire, before you condemn me ! Gentle men,' he rose up and threw, wide the . door of the room from which Cherrie had emerged, ' gentlemen, please to come out!' ? Everybody looked, curious and expectant. Cherrie ceased the sobbing to look, and even Captain Cavendish forgot for a moment his supreme peril, in . waiting for what was to come next. Two gentlemen, the Reverend Mr. Dronei of the Methodist persuasion, and another clerical and' white neck-clothed gentloman, came out and stoed»before the company. ,.Mr. Drone was well known, the other a stranger, a young man, with rather a dashing air, con sidering his calling, and a pair of bright, rov ing dark eyes. Captain Cavendish had . only seen him once in his life before, but he recognized him instantaneously. ' You all know Mr. Drone, gentlemen,' said Val ; ' this other is the Reverend Mr. Barrett, of Narraville. Mr. Barrett, it is a year since you were in Speckport, is it not?' ' It as,'-' replied Mr. Barrett, with the air of a witness under cross-examination. : ' Will'you relate what occurred on, the last night of your stay in this town, on the occasion of that visit ?' ' With pleasure, sir ! I am a minister of the Gospel, gentlemen, as you may see,' said Mr. Barrett, bowing to the room, ' and a cousin of Mr. Drone's. I had been settled about two years up in Narraville last summer,' when I took it into my head to run down -here for a week or so on a visit to Mr. Drone. I had known Mr. Blake for years, and had a very high respect for his uprightness and integrity, else I never should have complied with the singular request he made me the day before I left.' ' What was the request ?' asked Mr. Darcy, on whom a new light was bursting. 'He came to me,' said Mr. Barratt, ' and having drawn from me a promise of strict secrecy, told me a somewhat singular story. A gentleman of rank and position, an English officer, had fallen in love with a gardener's pretty daughter, a young lady with more beauty than common sense, and wanted to entrap her into a sham marriage. He had entrusted the case to Mr. Blake, whose prin ciples, he imagined, wore as loose as his own, and Mr. Blake teld me he would inevitably i succeed in his diabolical plot if we did not frustrate him. Mr. Blake's proposal was that I should marry them in reality, while let ting him think it was only a mockery of a holy ordinance. He urged the case upon me strongly ; he said the man was a gambler, a libertine and a fortune-hunter ; that he was striving to win for his wife a most estimable lady — Miss Marsh — for her fortune merely ; that if he succeeded she would be miserable for life, and that ' this was the - only way to ?prevent it. Jtie tola me tne man was so thoroughly bad that all .compunctions would be thrown away on him ;? and at last I con sented. To prevent a great crime, I married them privately in Mr. Drone's church. Mr. Blake was the witness, and the marriage is inserted in the register. I .told Mr. Drone before I loft, and he consented to keep the matter secret ? until such a time as it was necessary to divulge it. I married George Percy. Cavendish and Charlotte Nettleby the night before I left Speckport, and took a copy of the certificate with me ; and I am ready to swear to the validity of the marriage at any time and in any place. I recognize them both, and that man and that woman are law fully husband and wife !' Mr. Barrett bowed and was silent. Poor Cherrie, with one glad cry, sprang forward and fell on her ktaees before Mr. Yal Blake, and did him theatrical homage on the spot. Yal lifted her up, and looked in calm triumph at the baffled Englishman, and saw that that gentleman's face was purple with furious I'age. ' Liar !' he half screamed, glaring with tigerish eyes as he heard Mr. Barrett, ' it is false. You never performed it — I never saw you before !' 'You have forgotten me, I dare say,' said Mr. Barrett, politely, ' but I had the pleasure of marrying you to this lady, nevertheless. It is easily proved, and I am prepared to prove it on any occasion.' ' You may as well take it easy, Cavendish,' said Val. ' Cherrie is your wife fast enough ! Don't cry, Cherrie, it's all right now, and you're Mrs. Cavendish as sure as Church and I State can make you.' 'It's a most extraordinary story,' said Squire Tod, ' and I hardly know what to say to you, Blake. How came you to let him get engaged to Miss Henderson, knowing this ?' ' Oh,' said Val, carelessly, ' Miss Hender son never cared a snap about him ; and then Paul Wyndham came along and cut him out, just as I was getting ready to tell the story. I meant to make him find Cherrie before he left Speckport, and publish the marriage ; only Providence let me find her out myself, to clear the innocent and bring this man's guilt ! home. I had to keep Cherrie in the dark, as I never would have got that confession out of her.' j 'Well,' said Mr. Darcy, rising, 'it is growing dark, and I think there is no more to be done this evening. Burke, call a cab. Captain Cavendish, you will have to exchange the mess-room for the town gaol to-night.' (To be continued.) 