A DARING PIECE OF BBAVADO. FROM THIS DIARY OF AN EXPERT ACCOUNTANT. iBy SYank M. Bicknell, in "New York Evening Post"] bee ^ engaged in correcting otlier 311( ' 1 exposing their crookedness €rroi s ' straightening out their ror several years, when, one morning, I received through the post what was practically an anonymous letter. It was enclosed in a plain envelope, written on a Plain note-head, and signed simply •with the initials, "T.Q.P." In it the Writer briefly, but urgently, requested toe to make it convenient to be at my office at five that afternoon, when he .would call and lay before me an importfine business in my matter of especial . Punctually at the hour named my mysterious " correspondent appeared. He proved to be a ^pU, rather flabby, man, in middle life, dressed with almost fussy neatness, and seemingly of high respectability. He had sparse, sandy hair and reddish side-whiskers; otherwise his ; face was smooth, and looked strangely jgarint in contrast with liis heavy figure. XHs nose was aquiline, his chin sharp, ' end his lips so thin as to be nearly invisible when firmly dosed. His eyes, •rhich were igr^y, and weilset- back -un- . Iter shaggy, prominent "1)r6ws," were" ' femong his least .pleasing "features. They tnoved about restlessly, and seldom by •mnf chance could they be induced to taeet my gaze for more than a moment "You must pardon my writing to you Just us I did, Mr Birkwood, but the business X have to consult you about demands ®je utmost secrecy," he said, speaking Svith' the primness and precision that •night be expected from such severely Cut lips as his. 'His voice was harsh in tone, and marked by a slight lisp, -Which It took , to be due to a nick observable in One of his front teeth. I never bad %eard a voice like it before, and it had in It a peculiar disagreeable quality which ^-thought I should nbt soon forget * "My name'is Prentiss," tie wait on. "I £m one of the partners in the firm of Waylor and Co.; importers of and defers fn miscellaneous dry goods. You'may • #iave heard of "us." "Well, occasionally," I returned,"in a tone meant to be mildlyaud humorously -earcastic." He was quick to iiote my Insinuation. • '^ou never Jjaw done any business SrlUTus, have you?" he demanded, and fco my fancy he looked a little startted^at the idea. I had no personal acquaintance, with fs T aylorandCo. I had merely sought to convey the intimation that his firm was too well known for a man in my line not to have heard of it repeatedly. I explained this, and I thought he seemed relieved, though he interrupted me "with ' a gruff: . "Of course, to be sure; I kneiv, we jcouldn't have had you. " I never forget faces, and I haven't seen yours before." paused, picked up an ink-eraser from «hy desk, and began to scan its edge crftiically. Then, with his gaze spll thus occupied, he went on: "We have with ns ft bookkeeper, who lias been withus for upwards of twenty yearsi He is a man tef about my age; to fact, my connection srith the firm and his. began at "Hie same He dug tie polht of the eraser 4nto one corner of my sheet of blottlng- ®aper, and bent a little toward me, air (though without lifting his ^ey.4s to ftiine. ®Ie sunk his harsh voice to. a semi-whis- ^ei' that was intended to be confidential, and, without intention, was particularly Sibilant and disagreeable. "UnSl quite recently," he .pursued," "ive Imve Trusted •ithis man implicitly, -Mr -Birkwood, but •our suspicions at last have been, if not \- iexaetlydeeply aroused., at least considerably stirred," ." - !• 1 He paused, wrinkling his;sliaggy brows, and pressing fife thin lips together until Iris liionfh was but a hair-breadth line, (giving his gaunt face a look preternaturelly severe. He continued to punch boles nervously in the blotting-paper, and seemed to be waiting for me "to ispeak. . - "You have something definite Upon (which to base your suspicions, Iinfer," I remarked, presently. "No, we have not; nothing of the " kind," Mr Prentiss answered hastily: "If <we had, probably I should not have come to you. Our bookkeeper alwayshas borne, and still bears, an unblemished reputation. He is a prominent church member in the town where hehas his home, «nd he enjoys the esteem and respect of all his fellow- citizens/' He spoke with a good deal of emphasis, and also, I imagined, with "a touch of defiance' in his Aone, as if my ready assumption of his jfeookkeeper's suspicious behavior had fceen unwarranted. "So far as his obligations towards the firm are' concerned," fee . pursued, after ia momentary pause, 'during which he darted at me one of his (brief, shifty glances, "he 'has given absolutely no cause for complaint. In fact, as.,an accountant, we have always found ftiru efficient, accurate, and reliable in fevery way, and our rdations have been ghost cordial and friendly." "Whait then," I.ventured to ask, some- ,what at a loss, "has led y«u to suspect jthat—-that lie is not all he should be?" "I .will tell, you—that was the point I ayas coining to," Mr Prentiss replied, dropping the ink eraser, and moving uneasily to another position in his chair. """Mr Birkwood, Avhen you see a^manied' man, a middle-aged man, paying persistent attention to a beautiful and dashing widow, in danger Of losing his head and all sense of .his obligations towards Jhiswife and children—when.you see:such a man carrying on ill such fashion, I say frou don't regard him as a person to .be fclindly trusted with uncounted gold, do you?" He sat back in his chair and eyed me covertly from under the protec- , Jion of his shaggy blows. : ."bhor I ejaculated, "so that's it, is : "That's it, sir; that's it, precisely, and a most unpleasant matter it is to have . Jb bring up." Once more he leaned forswavd, and again his gaze became uneasy and directed itself anywhere else than at jny;faee. "We know—we have learned (from unimpeachable good evidence—that our bookkeeper has. lately been conducting .himseU in a manner that is, to say ithe least, open, to criticism, and, Mr Birk- -iWood,-we fear the worst It is manifestly impossible to predict to what \- length such folly may go, but if he .were to run away Avitli this too frispinating ~^erson, ; first~well lining'Ms pocket from Our cash drawer, why, it would- be— ^ahem!—unfortunate." : *Most assuredly," I assented. ; ' ; therefore, must take precautions- we mnst take " precautions!, sir." Ee compressed his lips again and nodded ' bis head'sCv^ral times. • "Mr Birkwood," fee continued, "yotrndw, see why T: have fcalleO upon youJ Can you come to our toffiee some evening very soon and go •through this man's accounts with me? INot all of them, of course—that would be ^ .'"terminable task—but, say, the prifVate ledger, some of the recent vouchers, •nd-and-well, in fact, you will know ipow to get an idea of whether'all is right . jbrnot" : : U|'CgrtaJjily, Mr Prenris^; lean comei fisiienever you <ioose -to have me—tofi^hf as well as anj. time." TH "Very well, dp then;" lie 8ai«, lrt» ing." "I willie there "to. tefe you in at 8 o'clock. It may be an all-night job, in which case you must charge accordingly. Expense, you comprehend, is or absolutely no account with a house of our standing." In saying this he had the grand air . of one to whom millions are as dol- L; lars are to the ordinary mortal, then he wound up with quite unnecessary em-, phasis as follows: '"And let me impress. It distinctly 011 your mind, Mr Birkwood, that this affair, is to be kept an inviolable^ secret,, both now and afterward. .: On no account-are you to mention or even disr tantly refei- to It to anyone but myself," and not to me. unless. I should speak of it first." I q^spred him, with perhaps pardonable hauteur, that I was not in the habit of discussing my .clients' - business with' third persons/ and," seeming at length to be satisfied, lie went away. The firm of Naylor and €0. was one of the oldest business concerns in tlie city. Naturally, I Was glad of a' chance to open a connection with such a house, although it struck, me that an examination of their account-books made within^the space of one evening must be necessarily most superficial. Naylor and Co.'s massive and lofty warehouse stood about in the latitude of of Canal street' When, at 8 o'clock, I tapped upon the glass of one of its lower doors I was .promptly admitted by Mr Prentiss, who seemed to have i»eeu on the watch for me." He greeted me in a lowered tone, anil put his finger 'to liis lips as a pautjonaiy signal, although there: was3io one'about to see or hear us. After he had dosed the door carefully, we croissed «Sie. extensive first ^oor,- which was lighted by-several" isolated gas jets' burning at half-pressure, and. mounted .a stairway to, the rsebond story; where a long row of offices*. private, semi-private, and quasi-public, was seen partitioned off from the main body of the wareroom. We entered one of these, and Mr Prentiss showed me to a chair be-? fore a flat-topped table. Here presently he bwught to me several books and a tin trunk. The,, latter held a large number of paid bills, receipts, and other vouchers; one of the books, from the strong brass clasp and lock upon it, I knew to be the private ledger; the other books contained records of various transactions that need nbt be here specified. "These will do to begin on," he said, seating himself at my side and unlocking the box and flio'Iedger. "That you may understand what .1 particularly wish of: you, Mr- Birkwood, let me inform you that we aire* importing goods from Europe very heavily at this season of s the year. rWe pay prompt cash, for everything, and our bookkeeper has entire control of the settlements, in which large amounts -e^-ises^ srs inrolvc^. You axe to-look sharp and assure yourself beyond i doubt that all this cash has been properly applied. 1 I fell to work at onc-e, and he helped me. Such a. "thoixragh and complete knowledge of bookkeeping did he show that I almost wondered at his having called ine in at alL Certainly he could have conducted the investigation without imy aid had he chosen. Soon after midnight there was a discreet knock at our door. Mr Prentiss rose rather hurriedly, and opening the door a little, went out shutting it after *him. Presently he returned with a napkincovered, tray. "Our watchman," he explained lniefly. "I gav^'lnm o^ders that we were not to lie disturbed, and to forget' to^morrow that we are doing anything here to night" Reinvigorated .by. the hot luncheon 4 which the man had brought, we resumed Jour labors at I o'clock, and kept at - them uninterruptedly for several hours longer, By Jhe time, day liegan to dawn, I had 'finish&:&e;<8t|ht €et for me by Mr Prentiss, ait3i(ajgh'it?is hardly neeeesaiy "to add, but. a comparatively small portion of the firm's vast accounts had been ^gone -over; I -had-giv^n jny-attention to the more dangerous places, that-was all. No errors of any kind, ^o suspicious inaccuracies, nothing in the least out of the way had appeared. Naylor and _-Co.'s books, so far as I bad becomg acquainted with them, were nnimpeachably correct and models of their kind. The firm's bookkeeper must be a .past-master of his craft, and I told Mr Prentiss so in the slncerest admiration. "Yes," he returned, in a ipiiet tone, ! though I could see that his deep-set eyes lighted up momentarily and his sallow •face flushed a little, "we flatter ourselves that in our Mr we have a bookkeeper who thoroughly knows his. business. I am much relieved, Mr . Birkwood, to liave all turn out so well. If you will make a bill of your charges.and leave it with me I will approve it and see that you get your cheque in due-course." I did as he requested, and he folded my bill carefully and prut it in his pocket Then he let me out at the street door and bade me good-bye. The watchman who had brought the luncheon was no-r where to be seen. Some days later I found among "my letters one bearing upon its envelope the name of Naylor and Co. Naturally supposed it contained the . promised cheque. I was somewhat surprised, therefore, upon opening it to uncover simply a request, in a few lines, that I would call at the firm's office at my very earliest convenience. ȧ i T ' The matter seeming urgent I went as soon as I had looked through the other mail. On my arrival I was ushered into what seemed a strictly private office, and coincidently, the . presence of four men, who, I inferred, were partners in the firm. One of these was elderly, two were middle-aged, and the fourth was still comparatively young. None of them had I ever met before. It was at once evident to me that they had been engaged in discussing matters of grave import, and from the disturbed expression of their countenances .1 judged that something of an unpleasant nature had lately happened. It was the grey-haired senior who first addressed me. "We can hardly say we are glad to see you, Mr Birkwoodj" he said,, forcing an attempt at a smile, that seemed almost as incongruous as a jest might have been at a funeraL "Our reason for sending for you is—ahemt^diiost unpleasant We wish 'yon to make an immediate examination .of. our books "and accounts.. We want it to be "thorough, but to be finished as quickly as . possible." Frequently I have had cause to congratulate myself on being able while dealing with my clients to stick to a few safe rules,,namely,,not to speak without due reflection? not to answer questions "that have not been asked; not to volunteer uncalled for informatOQ; not to act upon impulse—in short, to use an expressive colloquialism, not to be "too previous," It" was on tlie top of niy tongue to refer to what I had done, for the firm a few evenings earlier; then, chancing to recall Mr Prentiss'explk'it arid oft-repeated recommendation to be silent upon the matter unless spoken to, I refrained.: Glad enough have I bean since that I did so. "We desire . that the investigation be finished as quickly as possible," repeated the old gentiemah, in a vjSice that grew slightly, tremulous,. "because—becapse— —" He hesitated, consulted the others by a look, then resumed, "Well, not to make a , mystery of it to you, air Birkwood, our bookkeeper," who "has been in our service nearly a quarter of ,a century, has—we -have just learned that he lias committefd suicide, and we-want "to, know what shape he has left his accounts in." E QUQRN MERC Now I could andastand the reason for, the pale, troubled faces of the foor part~ ners. Such a gruesome event as this, must have been a great ehock to them. The sudden and violent death of one whom we have kaown and have been intimately associated with for many years, whom we have seen and talked with yesterday perhaps—it is enough to upset a little the equilibrium of the least sympathetic and imaginative mind. I was chocked, too, although not from the same cause as that which, moved the partners in Naylor and Co. I never had laW eyes upon the deceased bookkeej«r, to" my knowledge; personally he was nothing to me; yet, coming as it did, the news of his suicide struck through me with a cold. chilL „ Hiad Mr Prentass' suspicions had some basis in fact, and were the bookkeeper's accounts falsified after all? And had' I, wlio 'called myself an expert, and . who prided myself on being able to run down and corner the, smallest, most obscure clerical inaccuracy that ever lurked in hiding, had'I failed to, discover what lay beneath my very eyes? If so, I might well be accused of unpardonable negligence or stupidity. The temperature of my cold chill fell still lower as I reflected that my reputation as an expert would be practically ruiiied should my shortcomings firer be brought to light. The four uiembei's of the firm seemed to be ignorant of the fact that already I had done a considerable amount of defective work among thtir books! Why was this so? ~I.could not understaud the present aspect of affairs at aH; Wli^re was Mr Prentiss ? Why bad he not tbld his "associates of ih^ services I had t>een called in to render?.^G£!rtainly he had implied in.ihis talk with me that he Was spokesman 1 and agent for the firm; t&at; all were intei'ested and equally well informed as to what he wa8 do'rng. There were many things I wished to know,- but it was'plain that I must not attempt to gain my knowledge by-asking questifffls. From motives of policy it behooved me to be strictly on my guard. For the present I must maintain a disereut reticence and proceed with caution. It was regrettable that I was to be forced into nsing duplicity. Should discovery come eventually, .1 must put on the best face possible; meanwhile there was'no. call for :me to go a single step-to invite my own undoing.. I therefore awaited the course .of events, inwardly feacEul,, While , appearing, -sufficiently composed to javoid calling curious or, unfavorable .attention. . "You hav« : cojE^liait^a^istmits whom you ean employi I suppc^'''iemarked one iof the middle-aged paitneis, after a hort silence. - ; ."We ehoidd want you to put on- as many as could work .together to advantage," added the youngest of "the four, when I bad bowed an affirmative to the Other's query. • "How soon can you .beg in?" asked the ^emov. » "I will come myself this afternoon," I answered. "My assistants are within easy call, and I can have them here by evening at the latest." "Very good," .approved my questioner. "I think we- need, detain you no longer, at present; ehj Mr Prentiss?' "I think not, Mr SelfrMge." , Involuntarily, I shot a curious glance at the speaker, the. middle-aged partner, who had kept silence until now. Were there, then, two members of the . firm bearing the name of Prentiss ? If so,there was no evidence to show that they were kinsmen, for certainly there was no family resemblance between this Mr Prentiss and the otlier. They, were of about the same height and build, it was. true, md perhaps-on a Government passport their descriptions might have tallied in a way, but nobody would have thought of asserting that they looked alike. Shadowy thoughts and vague distrust anent my Mr Prehtiss were beginiihg to gather in =my uaind. More light ban there was .l shouM have ieen glad, to get from some source, but I dared not un risk of appesuing .=»o inquisitive, I brought my force of workers together as soon as practicable, and began what I knew Would be a -llabor of considerable magnitude. Upon theassumptidn that I bad overlooked, in my previous researches, something tlurt needied finding out it was necessary that I should proceed this time with" extraorcLinary care. At the end of the second evening I went home without having miide any discoveries that could reflect upon the integrity of the dead" accountant or injure my 'own hard-earned reputation, Meanwhile, by indirect methods and with the utmost discretion, I. had: been acquiring information. I learned that there were two Messrs Prentiss in the firm of Naylor and Co., but that the one I had not seen was a man fullv as old as Mr Selfridge, and that h& had' been absent for full tliree- raoattein, Europe, where he .was travelling with his family. As for thesisth partner, he was also abroad, bHjing goods. There was no oth8r-^8rsott=a>eax:iBg the name of Prentiss xHraiteeted 3n way with the house. The identity of my strange visitor, and the object of Ms coining to me,- i-emained, therefore, a mystery. Much of my work for Naylor and Co. was done in the evening, and it so chanced that I was able to interview the night- watchman, without arousing either his or anybody else's suspicions. He was an old man, and told me he had been in the firm's employ :tor more than thirty years. He had held his present position during nearly a decade, and all that while had been absent from his nightlv watch fewer than half-a-dozen times.* It transpired, somewhat curiouslv, that one of those absences occuri-ed on the very evening when I had come to work with the -supposed Mr Prentiss, The man who had brought us the luncheon, and whom I had not seen, must have been a substitute, then. - . ' It may be possible to keep some things out of the columns of the newspapers, but so many things get into them as to tempt the public to believe that if a bit of news is considered worth publishing, It Will appear in one or another enterprising journal—perhaps in all of them—almost as soon as the event it re presents has occurred. I consider it more than surprising, therefore, that the <;tory of Navlor and Co.'s book-keepers suicide was kept a secret by the firm for nearlv two days. Then the facte leaked out. were gradually collected, and as greedily snapped up when spread abroad, and a sensation of the first-class was -the result. " " * I ' The name of the unhappy man was Pembridge; fliis age, as published, was 54\. He was described as being taill, thin, smooth- faced, and wealing a brown wig. The manner of his death was, briefly, as follows:—Two evenings before that on which I was summoned for the second time to the office of Naylor and Co., a tall, lank, dark man had hired a small boat near Fort Lee. ferry and gone out rowing on the Hudson. Later that night the same boat had been picked up as it was floating down stream, about off Pier 43. by the police tug Pavonia, of Hoboken. * In it were found a man's hat, coat, waistcoat and boots. In the pocket of the coat was discovered a sealed note addressed to Naylor and Co., which was delivered to the firm next morning. By it the writer, Theodore Pembridge,' informed Ms" employers that he^ was tired ot life aid .had resj&ivgd; to drown ^himself.. JW other cause ..was given fpr Ms ac-t, and no reference, ytas -made to the state of his ac^unts. It .Was learned, further thal Mrs. Pembridge received the -i^me morning ^ through the regular mail a letter* tlie ^.cftateata .-o£ URY, FRIDAY, wliicli had given.her a. eetete., shock. . ^Cliis was supposed r tp-have come -from, her husband, and to have advised her of his intended suicide. The exact tenor of the communication, however, waa being kept private by the afflicted family. Mrs Pembridge had taken to her bed and coula not be seen, and none of the 1 other members of the household could be iuduced to talk on the subject of Mr Pembridge's death. The body had not been recovered, and was supposed : to -have been carried out to sea. During the third day of my researches a discovery of vital importance was made. Luckily for my professional pride, already suffering from a secret wound, it was I and not one of my assistants who chanced upon this clue of one of the cleverest deceptions ever resorted to by a falsifier of accounts to cover his rascality. It was "by the merest good luck that I hit upon it, in ground 1 liad gone over once beforehand .1 really wondered less at having missed it the first time than at finding it at all. Without going into unintelligible technicalities, I will simply add that it did infinite credit to Mr Pembridge's ingenuitv, whatever may be said of his rectitude. The scent ohce uncovered, it was comparatively easy to run down the game. With the help of my corps of subordinates, I checked back Mr Pembridge's work for a period covering nearly two years.''and was enabled to show to his grieved and astonished employers that during that time he-had succeeded in. robbing them, under their very noses, as it were, of a sum rather exceeding OO^OOOdOls. ' Ndrielbut a firm of the most ample cash resources could have been thus wronged," even by a trusted employe, without a much "speedier disdiscovery. As it was, from what I could gather, none of them seemed to have suspected anything until a very recent dat6". It was only another of the many examples of the folly which trusts too blindly in the Integrity of an old and assumed to be faithful servant During the course of my labors on this case not the slightest reference was made to my previous services in the tail's behalf, and I neither saw nor heard anything of the bill of charges I had drawn up for the benefit of the—as! was forced to designate-him f iiow—fictitious "Air Prentiss." I was mach less vexed at the prospect of being obliged to charge the debt off to profit and loss, than to the baffling mystery, which enshrouded the whole transaction. ; - - .. . In due time, having finished my authorised researches and received a . prompt cheque in payment, I bowed myself out of Naylor and Company's office and went my way. supposing my relations with the firm to have come to an end. It turned out that I had come do a too hasty conclusion: For what happened next I can take no credit to myself. It was ofie of those pieees of ptrre luck which sometimes befall a man;-and by which, I will admit I have been favored rather frequently in the course of my life. 6ne evening of the week following that in which I finished my work in the counting-room of Naylor and Co., I started to go over to Hoboken to pay a social calL I had dined near Washington Square, and from there took my way towards the Christopher Street ferry. The night was agreeably mild, and I stood outside on the forward deck of the boat, where I could breathe fresh air and enjoy the view of the moving lights upon the river and the stationary ones alongside it - There" were * few passengers aboard, and only two vehicles. One of the latter was a dosed public carriage, the other a" heavy track, drawn by four horses.. Tlie carriage was so very much closed" i^^.^'li^ef^e• for me to decide whether ft was oecspied" or not. By and by, a8 W« : were' 5BeaTing the Jersey shore, something happened to-one of the truck-horses. 1 He^had either a fit or the Mmd staggers^ or some other ,equine disorder, and he "made a r consideralile disturbance. Hfe' thi-eeieompahions began to stamp and paw tlie ^(feelt 5 - With : ; their great hoofs, so that iihie rjsrir 7 afeiched to the carriage; hearing the nbise - behind them, became aneiksy and restless, also. And" presently, as the noise increaised, tliey took actual aihrm and began to move forward- It happened they were already near the front gate of the boat, so that if fa 1 any way they could 'contrive to- break through it, they would: almost certainly go over into the water, of " course dragging the carriage- after them. The driver puffed them up, or-ttrfed to do so. accompanying his sharp jerks at the reins with some- energetic; half-frightened oaths. At that the right-hand door of the carriage was opened" and a man's head ap-" pearedl. » "Take eare what yon are doing, driver," cried the earner of the head/ "or yotflT have tts ovwboard." He said no mo««, for seeing my curious gaze- fflred t^tois Mm, and noticing also that two depk Mads had sprung to the horses' bridteSy hte qnickly dodged back aed "Closed the door. Biit the light from the pfer head had shone full upon him, and brief as teti been my-glimpse o£ him, it had «nffieetJ for liae- to note his widetraplike month and-the slight niek in One ^>f his 1 front tieeth. His side-whis kers had been shaved off, but that gaunt face^ras wimistakable ,as Was the sound of his harsh voice, also the lisp I so well remembered in connection with my "Mr Prentiss." I suddenly gave up the -idea «t making my call, and resolved to devote my evening to other and more important business.^ On leaving the boat I set myself at the delicate task of. shadowing "Mr Prentiss."- I was obliged to follow his carriage on foot for I found no conveyance accessible near the ferry slip, but as I was lean and wiry and soundwinded. I had no great difficulty in doing this. The driver of the .carriage, previously instructed, I inferred, took the direction »p the.hiUimd into a street behind, or above, the* park, where finally he stopped before an uplighted private house.- I contrived to find an obscure nook as a post of'observation, and from there I saw my.man alight.- After him, as-I had suspected would be the case, came a woman. She was veiled, and somewhat closely wrapped. Still I was able to conjecture from her walk and general bearing that she was young, or at least youngish. The pair went quiekly up the steps and into-the house, the carriage being immediately driven off. waited and watched, expecting to see a light appear shining from one of "the windows, but nothing ®f the : kind occurred. Whatever illumination was be-: ing used inside, unless it might be at the back of the house, must be thoroughly screened. I lingered -full three-quarters of an "hour for further developments then, as none came. I began to think I had better not pursue the game any; farther alone. Accordingly I betook myself to the police station, where I succeeded in making arrangements to liave the house watched. 1 Then ,I found ..a New York .city directory, aiid looked up. the residences of the four partners of Naylor and. Company,, whom" I had met. .Only one of them proved to be readily accessible, namely, Mr Warren,'who lived in one of the, .great" apartment houses near Central Paflv -I returned to New York straightaway, got .up town as quickly as practicable, and sought,out Mr Warren, whom I. was so fortunate as to find at home. .. .The stealer.Imser Fritz sailed.at 9 the-next-morning for. Southampton and Bremen. ; Two of its expected passen •geis, „ ,-however, were not taken. They, had been booked as ^^Mc aJid Mrs James JULY 7,. 1899. ileathfield, -of Chicago," and Were- said; to be an elderiy invalid and his yonng wife. It transpired later that thdr real naides were Theodore Pembridge and Geraldine Stafford.. Pembridge's arrest was manages quietly, and proved to him a surprise as complete as it was disagreeable. He was taken at the house to which I had tracked him, by a detective in whose hands Mr Warren had placed the matter, assisted by members of the Hobo-: lien police. The proceedings were kept as quiet as possible, and for a wonder no hint of them seems to liave reached the general publfe. Without being .positively assured of the facts, I am inclined to believe that Naylor and Co. dealt leniently with the defaulter. He was not prosecuted—perhaps on consideration of restoring all or a large share of. the funds he had diverted ioto his own board —and soon afterwards his family disappeared from their former home, to join him, a repentant man—I lik-e to fancy— in some distant part of the coOTftry, where his past shady record was unknown. Naylor and Co. paid a high compliment to my acuteness in unearthing their supposed-to-be- drowned book-beeper, bes^^^embMrassing^me n^ a'Tu^trto furnish some plausible explanation a» how I chanced to. get upon his traces. succeeded in keeping my own. counsel, at the cost of more or less prevarication, and the real inwardness -of my connection with the capture remained! to them a puzzle. . A few words as to Pembridge's strange whim' in.,telling me so much about himself, and getting ine to examine his books before bis contemplated mock suicide, concealment of : himself, and subsequent .attempted flight I take it that in "thus violently severing his connection with his employers, he wished if possible to leave behind him an unstained reputation. -' He had hit upon a scheme for deceiving them, a scheme of marvellous cunning, but he wanted to be quite sure it would stand the test So he tried it u&dri; an expert (not so expert then as later), and finding it succeeded satisfactorily, he had felt easy in his mind to carry out bis nefarious arrangements as planned: ; Of course his reference to the dashing widow aiid description of hie own position towards his employers, and his fellow-townsfolk was a piece of mere bravado, over which he might well have laughed had his escape to Europe been accomplished. Upon coming to my office he had worn a sandy-colored wig and false whiskers, and also had padded his lean figure into an appearance of rotundity; hence to trying to identify, the supposed" partner afterwards, my. notice a was unlikely to be drawn to the absconding book-keeper, whose description differed-from his in several important particulars. ' I understood now about the snbstitutelnight-watchman ; the regular one h?id been cunningly got out of the way because he must inevitably have noticed Pembridge's disguise. In one particular only could I detect any flaw in pembridge's plans. - He should -have arranged somehow not to leave that bill of mine unsettled, for there lurked the menace of discovery. But the most cleverly contrived rascality usually leaves a loose end hanging out somewhere. 