[?] THE GHOST OF B COMPANY A CORPORAL'S YARN. "The immorality of ghostcs, said the corporal in charge of the squad, has "Immortality," suggested the too-fresh rc-cruit. "Shut your face, s"r! " I said immorality. and immorality it is! Get out there and hustle some wood for tl;e fire — you and your immortality. I was saying, when, that would-be colleger opened his baby face, that the im-mor-ai-ity of gliostses is curious — they're as fond of the wee- men after death an before. You read the hooks and see if the spooks ain't back because of a woman half the lime. There was Reddy Redd, as was struck on Lucy Kleinhan, in B Company. He was after licr c-vcry day when he was alive, and do you think lie let her alone after he was shot? No; he ha'ntcd her." "When was that, eorp'ral?" "I'll tell you when Mr Jinunie Fresh has stirred the fire, for yer souls'll freeze before I'm done. 'Twas io-ong back, when I was frc-sh myself, and prided myself that I knew more than my supe riors. So 'twas Io-ong back, when my face was pink like a baby's, anil my mouth was open with r.o cause, and my conceit " "Try my tobacco, corporal, do," cried the recruit, hurriedly. "We-ell," said the non-com., filling his pipe and forgiving the recruit. "It was a boy I was, and Reddy Rodd was to me what I am now to you, young fellow, a father and protector, and, when it was needed, a castigator. "There's no girls in the army now like the girl Lucy Kleinhart was. Lucy's dad, old Kleiuhart, was a war man, but only a private, 'cause of bec-r. There was another corp'ril in the company, and his name was Meigs. Meigs and l-todd had joned together, an' been promoted almost simu! — simult — " "Simultaneously," said the recruit. "Shut your face," yelled the corporal. "You're not a dictionary, are you? Fetch some more wood. They was promoted almost together. They was thick as ever, was them two hunkies, till c-ach got his narrow stripe. Lucy was a siiort- frocked girl at the post school when the First joined but in a year or two says Reddy Rodd to Meigs at a hop — ' That there girl of Kleinhart's grown up immense,' he saj-s. 'She's big enough for a corp'ril to dance with,' he says. So he danced with her, and then Meigs he danced with her, an' them eyes they just struck both of 'em like Mauser bullets, so they did. So 'twas soon, when Reddy Rodd was in structing of me in the antelope shooting one day out by our two selves on leave, says he — 'You're a sensible boy,' he says. ' Look at me fair,' he says. ' Am 1 net a fine build of a man? " he says. In truth he was, and I told him so — poor old Reddy. 'You're a sensible boy, and can keep a tight upper lip,' says he, 'so tell me straight— d'ye think Lucy Klein- hart would have me.' An' I told him to go in and win. I s'pose it eased him like to get an opinion on his case, like when you have a touch of malaria. He asked her, and the very same night Meigs, he asked her, and there it was. They was both fine, smart men, and bound to rise in the army, and Lucy she didn't know which to take and kept a-playin' with them, till they was worried and sick and wouldn't talk more than civil — them as had been so thick. "Ye mind the year or two after the Custer massacre? Well, we was busy them days; 76 was busy times, but the '78 campaign was lively, too. We was through it, an' of course the weemen an' girls was left at the post. One night we ' was in camp at a bend in a creek, a permanent camp, good for fuel, forage an' water, and the reds, we knew, wasn't very far away, 'cause we'd seen 'em spyin' on us from the bluffs, but they weren't in force. What there was we thought was on t'other side the creek, an' the pickets had orders to challenge but once, and then fire if they sighted anything queer near their post, for a daring devil had knifed a sentry not long ago, without him hav ing a chance to call out or give the alarm. Them young Injuns was always looking out for a chance to distinguish them selves in that there kind of way. "Reddy Rodd was a corporal of the guard that night, but was taken sick, and Meigs was detained to relieve him. Meigs went on just in time to post a re lief, and Reddy went back to his tent, stripped and lay down, but his sickness would not let him rest, and he was up and down. Well, Meigs — he was a care ful man on duty—he wasn't .satisfied with posting his relief, but, after he'd given the last sentry his orders pretty far out of camp, he says to the fellows re lieved: ' "Wait where you are a minute,' says he; "there's been whisky in camp this day, and there's whisky-boozing go ing on to-night outside camp, and I'm darned,' he says, 'if I don't nail 'em.' For , it was no time for the boys to be drinkin', with Injuns around. Off goes Meigs, ail alone, to a little gully, which was the place he meant. Next thing there was a shot and a yell and a cry from the cor poral for the guard to come up. "Meigs was cool, but the whole camp was roused. "I got somethin' better than I expected,' says Meigs to the officer of j the day. 'No whisky, but another sneaking Injun looking for a careless picket to knife.' So he goes with the officer and the guard to a huddled-up figure in a blanket they could hardly see because of the black night. "A good shot,' says the officer of the day, 'very good, corp'ril, ' he says, and strikes a match, and back he jumps. Good lord, corporal!" he cries. 'It's Corporal Rodd.' And it was. The sickness had let him get no rest, and he'd just Ewung his j blanket round him and slipped out of camp a bit, and met liis fate. "Meigs raved, so they had to put him under guard, and the accident made the whole camp miserable. Rcon after the accident, the winter setting in, we were ordered back to the post, the campaign for us being over, but days before that we laid old Reddy in the ground, with a headbcard over him, so's we might find \ him again, if need bo. Mighty sorry we ail were, for he was a fine build of a man. Still, we expected him to rest, and I'm thinking gliostsc-s would have better jobs to be attending to where they're put than coming back to their old sweethearts. That's where their ini- moral-ity shows up, "Well, Meigs he was like a dumb man for a long time when he wasn t raving, and sure we thought the man would transfer to another regiment, or at least to another company than old B Com pany, but he didn't. He stayed on. and the officers were mighty sorry for him, and the weemen petted him for shooting his old bunkie by mistake. And Lucy ICieinhart, she was broken hearted at first, but came round, and be fore Christmas she was consoling Meigs best she knew, and then two things hap pened. Our old First Sergeant he re tired for old age, and the old man made Me gs First Sergeant— he was a good sol dier, was Meigs. Sim- ul-tan-e-ously it waS announced, so it was, that Meigs was going to marry Lucy, and glad was old Kleinhart to see his daughter get so promising a man as Meigs, for he was getting to be a wreck. "Well, I mind the night when Meigs faced us at retreat with the diamond on his chevrons, and called the roll. He'd been pale and thin, but was pick ing up, and that night he was smiling. Off he rattles the roll in fine style with r.o bleaks, and the captain was crossing the parade ground from liis house when Meigs steps to the end of the line. " 'Ri-i-ight dress!' says he, sharp and loud; for he had a fine commanding voice, had Meigs. 'Steady, Front!' and back he starts for his place to salute the captain and report the 'company pre sent or accounted for.' He didn't get there right away. Half-way he stopped, and, oh, boys, you should have seen the horror in that poor devil's face! 'Twas a dead man, so it was, saving the way liis lower jaw dropped down and jerked up and dropped down and jerked up. Then he says, in a cracked, low voice — ' 'Twas an accident,' he says, and waited a minute, as if listening to some one, and then he ups with his rifle, butt to the front, and hits out at the air. We were all too astonished to move. Any way, it was all over in half a minute. Meigs comes to himself, and when the captain arrived, though liis face was white and his voice shook, he saluted all right and reported. But none of us dared to speak to the new First that night, and he locked himself in his or derly room. "But he was shook, and 'it was Reddy Rodd we saw,' was the whisper that night. Little Coxey, the trumpeter, son of old Coxey of L Company, was my neighbor in barracks, his bunk next mine in a corner. The little man was all ashake with fear at the ghost stories he heard that evening before taps, and 'Bill let's you and me double up,' says he after tattoo. I was but a raw rookie myself, and was glad of his company under the blankets, special when he was waked up near midnight by a howl from the orderly room, where Meigs slept alone. We sat up and Coxey grabbed my hand. That howl was not repeated, and after a minute the sergeant in charge of barracks gets up to the or derly-room door and knocked and asked if there was anything wrong. After a time Meigs answered — 'Nothing, ser geant. Sorry to have disturbed you. I guess I had a nightmare.' « 'Twas Reddy Rodd he saw again,' little Coxey whispered to me. 'Bill, do you think, it was really an accident They were both in love with Lucy Klein- hart, weren't they?' " 'Don't you dare even to whisper such things,' I says, and he was still holding my hand when I got to sleep. Old Coxey —he's with the cavalry now, a First Sergeant himself, and a fine build of a man. "Them young trumpeters hear every word spoken in the post, and Coxey must have heard what I had not. Nasty things were being said about our new, First Sergeant. Everybody thought that Lucy would have chosen Reddy Rodd in the end, and when the mar riage with Meigs was spoken of, the boys said 'accidents always made room for someone's promotion.' Coxey was not the only one whispering. D Company gave a hop the night after that howl from the orderly room, and it was a full-dress affair, and the grand march was led oc by D's old man with the First's wife on his arm. Most of us went, and when the officers bad gone we set in for the real dancing, and, of course, for the first waltz Meigs goes up to ask Lucy. He was like a ghost him self, but she was as rosy and jolly as ever. She was standing right in the middle of the room, and we made way for Meigs to reach her, and watched them natural like, for they were to be married the next week — week before Christmas. Up steps Meigs to within five paces, and there was no one be tween them. Suddenly Megs stopped short, and the sweat broke out all over him, and his lower jaw dropped, and he jerked up and dropped down and jerked up, and his face was like the face of a hanged man, only white. Lucy was smiling at him when he stopped, and when she saw him turn like this she gtarted to go to hint, crying, 'Are you sick?' But he didn't answer, and in a second Lucy, she, too, stopped stone still and the red ran from licr cheeks and she shook. " 'Reddy Rodd!' she cried, and fainted. "The fellows ran to help her, and some were going to catch Meigs, when he made a spring at — at something, and began to wrestle with— with it. It lasted a second, and he was carried out frothing at the i mouth. They carried him to the hospital, and there he lay until the night of Christ mas Eve. "That broke up the dance, and there was queer talk among the fellows that night. Old Kleinhart, he had a hou3e in Laundress's-row, and I tell you his neigh bours were scared the night of the dance. Lucy went into the next fit as soon as they got her out of the last, and when she wasn't in a fit she was lying with staring eyes, answering "Yes' or 'No,' while she listened to — Reddy Rodd. It was Reddy Rodd, and everybody knew his ghost was in the post, and you couldn't have got the sergeant-major himself to cross the parade ground after dark alone. And Coxey and me, we was mighty glad Meigs was in the hospital and no: in his orderly room howl ing at midnight. The hospital fellows said he was quiet enough up there and only askc-d to be let alone. Reddy Road's ghost didn't bother him there — 'causa it was busy fixing things up with Lucy. And old Kleinhart, he says morning after the : danc-e, Lucy wouldn't never marry Meigs, but it was a good excuse for the old chap to get drunk and bs carried to the guard house. "Lucy was around the post in a day or two, but we didn't know her hardly. She'd pass you without seeing you, with a face : like milk. And sometimes her eyes would glare, and sometimes she'd cry, while she helped her mother with the washtubs. You bet no one said 'Meigs' to her. But the scaringest thing about her was like it happened to me when I gave her good morning at the post- office. She began to talk to me, and all of a sudden she stop ped and her eyes was fixed and she says, faraway like, but a bit impatient, 'Yes — yes — yes. You do your part; I'll do mine. I am quite strong enough.' She kept talk ing to herself that way like, but Coxey and I, we guessed that it was Reddy Rodd she was a-talking to. And, mind you, it was. Leave the fire alone, you. There's light enough to listen by. "Christmas Eve, Mother Brown — I mind her pies — she gave a party, she did, and she didn't want to invite Lucy, 'cause she feared she'd spoil the fun with her queer ways, but she did, and Lucy came, and me, and Coxey, and Spud Murphy, as died here before the real fighting begun, and only one or tw'o mora. We'd heaps of fun and a bit of a dance and refreshments, so we had, and was feeling good, and Lucy was behaving like herself again, but she was pale. Two of the fellows got larking, and, begab, they smashed Mother Brown's best cheeney teapot. Mother Brown took it easy — rest her old bones; they lie in what's Oklahoma now — but Lucy said it was a shame, so it was, and the man who did it should be court-martialled. So, for the fun of the thing, we formed a court in proper form, and Lucy was president, and 'twas me was judge-advocate, and we divided up the rest as witnesses and mem bers of the court. Lucy took her seat at the table, and, eli! but her face was .white then ! "Says I: 'The court being now duly formed, shall the prisoners be brought in?' "Lucy was sitting facing the door, the table between her and it, and between the table and the door was a good clear space. Man, you never saw such eyes as hers that night. They looked clean through the door and up the hill to the hospital, and into the' hospital, and— at Meigs lying there on his cot. "Mother Brown, all of a sudden, she began to tremble and moan. " 'What's the matter, Loo?' says she. 'What are you looking at. Loo?' "And I looked round, and the faces of the boys was worried and gray, and they was like cattle before a blizzard comes. They didn't know what to do or whether to run or not. I was all a-shake myself, and the palms of my hands felt cold and damp. But I says again: 'Shall the prisoner ' and I got no further, for Lucy looks at the door as if someone had come in, and says, in the queer, distant voice she'd used at the post office: " 'Ah! you have come? Yes. He is coming -now— he is almost here. "There was a big fire in the stove, but now it grew chill and chiller and cold, but for the life of us we could not speak nor take our eyes from Lucy. And the oil lamps of Mother Brown they flickered and grew dim, but still there was another light in the room, a queer, yellowish- blue light Then I heard a voice to my ear, close yet far away;. ... " 'I like you, Bill . Don't forget me/ I was freezing with fear, but I couldn't move. It was Reddy's voice. "Then the door opens .and >n walks— Meigs. He was in the nightshirt they had given him in the hospital. He'd come straight from his cot but the nurses said they never saw him leave. The man was half-corpse, but his eyes were glar ing, and he looked right in Lucy's eyes as he halted before -her. I wanted— we alt wanted— to lay hold of him and take him back to the hospital, but we couldn't— we were like posts driven into the ground. " 'You know the charge,' said Lucy with them awful eyes on his. 'Did you kill Reddy Rodd intentionally? Are you guilty?' " 'Guilty!' yelled Meigs, like a madman. 'Guilty, and I'd do it again for love of you! I knew where he'd go — outside the camp. I laid for him, as I'd laid for months, when I first knew he loved you best. Do what you will! If the devil himself had not come from hell to give me up, I'd have married you. Now I don't care if the whole post knows the truth.' Then Lucy turned to a corner where it was. " 'I am satisfied,' saj's she. 'He acknow ledges it. Do what you will.' "Then the sweat broke out again on Meigs, and his lower jaw- dropped down and jerked up, and dropped down anil jerked up, and he howled and howled and howled. " 'Again!' he shouted. 'In my place on the parade, and sit the danc-e, and here!' "And then something closed with him and threw him to the ground, and sud denly Lucy rose up and shrieked a genuine woman's shriek. " 'Part them! Part them! Take him away! Drag him off! He's choking him! He's killing him! Reddy! Reddy! Don't, oh! don't!' " 'Who do you say?' someone cried. " 'Reddy Rodd!" she screamed, and r'aintcd, and when we came to our senses the room was warm and the lamps shone, but Meigs was black in the face and dead.' Round the camp fire they were properly affected, but the recruit remarked reflec tively: "If an Indian went out on the crawl to knife a sentry, he would hardly cumber himself with a blank " "Shut your face," yelled the corporal, "and fetch more wood." — "New York Sun." 