SEA-WARE AND TANGLE ANDREW'S GAZETTE." I shall Dot soon forget that last night in the old house, and the early walk by the shore in the morning, with the sight X saw there. . . . The house has its fact! to the sen, and is huilt on tho outer side of one of those fingers with which the larger island seems to be grasping the smaller ono. But a half- mile of strand comes between, and at low tide, for an hour or two, you can pass on foot between tho islands. . . . That summer and autumn had been so fine that 1 had been . tempted to wait boyond tho time that I had intended. Cut November camo ?with dull skieB and a cutting wind, and tho brown hills grow barer, and the cottars kept ?within tlicir doora. Even tho gulls had flown to some mora sheltered spot. The only movement was that of tho clouds and waves as they passed on in a monotonous hasto which tired the eye, and left the brain drawn and wearied. A week of it left me eager to be off ; aud I had made arrange ments to bo taken across tho island to catch the north-going steamer tho following after-, noon. But if time had seemed to drag during that last week, during the last evening it moved with feet of lead. . . . As night fell tho wind began to rise. Tho belt of turf round tho shore seemed twice as broad as it had been ; and a3 I looked a flake of spume was blown on to the window pane, and rested for a moment there ; while outside tho winds were catching tho spray of tho breaking wave?, and carry, ing it along in mints to be soaked into tho low hills that sloped behind. I passed back into tho kitchen, aud, drawing a chair up to tho fender, sat opposite tho still figure of my servant. Ho was gazing at the fire with his gray, deep-set eyes, and, as tho light of tho dancing flames fell on them, they showed at moments a strango, blind-glitter that seemed to toll of a mind wandering from tho outer senses and straying among uncanny fancies. I had always known Neil for a dreamer, but thoio were stories told in iho island of times when his thoughts would stray boyond his own control, and i dark spirit settle on him. Then his talk would bo of wild screams heard above tho shrieking of tho storms, and of a faco showing whito amidst tho curling wave crests, and then sinking down deep, deop into tho trough of tho sea. I do not know what folly prompted me to break in upon his thoughts with the remark: .' What a fiendish night, Neil! all the ghosts of jour island must bo awake to-night. I fear there's not enough earth in the placc nor sea for that part of it-to bury your Highlanders deep enough to keep your un canny souls down, and leave poor ordinary mortals at rett. What do you think ? " A shiver crossed him, in spite of the glowing warmth of the room, but lie made no other motion, and, after a pause, said quickly : " It's a bad night, Mister John." Irritated, I rose for auother walk through the house, and stood lor a moment peering out into the dark night. Then I went back, and took my old placo opposite Neil, who sat still, like a stone figuro. I tried to think of some cheery thing; but you know how it is a', times, when ono cannot think ono's own . t'oughts, but they aro given you, and you speak them out as if you were Iho mere helpless instrument of a stronger will. " Well, wo aro a line pair of companions, Neil, to ho spending our last night together in this way ! Ono would think that you meant me to tako a longer journey than- to Oban to-morrow. I hope you don't see damp winding-sheets about 1110 at any rate. I assure you I don't about you, so you may clicer up a hit." I laughed, but I did not like the laugh,nor did Neil Eeein to liko it cither. In the silence that followed I could hear that laugh again and again, as ono hears the foolish words he has spoken, aud repents of, and hates himself for. The silence was really broken at last by Neil. . . . " Thirty years ago ! I can see llorag as sho was then, not more than a slip of a girl with hair like tho nuts in winter, and her gray cyos liko summer mists. Often did I watch when the nets should have been mending, and tho boats were waiting for me, to catch a sight of her moving about the house or on tho brao behind it. I could tell her across the strand. Tho waving of her hair, and the flapping of her skirt, at she stood bending against the wind, was more to me than all the sky and sea. I have watched n summer's day to see her, and never knew that it was bright tilt sho came out to walk about tho shore, or climb the hill behind it. . . . "But what could a lad with a bit of a croft not bigger than your garden here, and a share in a herring-boat, hope for ? . . . There was the mother, too, to keep. And I liavo kept her uutil April last, when I laid her in the old graveyard thcro. It was for her sake that I could not leavo tho placo all these long years. Then you came and I stayed on still. Now you go off, I know not. I feel-ray heart seems tired-I fear I cannot drag my life from here. " Mcrag's father farmed the little island. There were but a few scoro sheep, and a small herd of cattle ; but that mado her batter than for the lilies of me. And if she had thought so herself it might havo beeu well. But there came a man from the north -a fisher, too-who was not so much better than I, though ho owned as bonny a smack as ever sailed. Ho was one of U1030 lino fellows with a word and a smile for every lass ; and enon many a heart was his, though tho lads cursed him, and a lass or two had cause to curse him, too. Young Morag took a wild fancy for him. Women had done so-and she, well, sho was not much more than a girl. Sho would havo follov.-ed him-how I hated the man ! - ti tV.o world's end. 41 Tboy mot, not ono evening, but many. Xt was a chance word that made ine listen. ' Th(-n you'll come ? ' ho Faid. ' But father ? ' sho. asked, ' Nay, hut Movag ! ' said he : and the look and tho words that made ,her Beem to him tho one whose lightest wish was more than nil I ho world, pleased her. Sho had a -rood heart, but that tongue of his could speak so fair to any lasn'. Thou I did things that a man hould not. do, and heard what was not for my cars. I was hearing them tho ivholo time, they T>lanuuil their going ofE. Hud I told her father-ah. well, he liked tho man no better than X. But there was the slunne of having watched and listened to them. I was sure I could stop her, too. I tried to hut, O God '.That night ho sailed away. I had my boat over at the littlo island, while he waited tbis side tho strand for her. The tide turned in the evoninjr, and she was to cross just ns night fell, beforn tho strand was covcrcd. I made pretence of a messago for them, and kept hnr .with her fattier half nn hour or thereby, hut she slipped a war. I wis not long in following, and cnujrht her beforo sho got to the sand. Sho was lato by now, and a breeze was whipping the water-nigh ankle deep in tho middle-into littlo white capped waves. ' Ymi'll not bo for crossing this night, Miss Jlorig,' said I, and sho turned on me wild with rage. Sho said hard things to make mo go, hut heaven and earth would not have moved me to leavo her. Then sho bolted, and X rushed and caught her,and held her there. Sho struggled and cried, !-nd pleaded, whilo tho tide was flowing deeper and deeper between her and ,the man sho loved ; and X, whom sho hated now, had my arms around her, and could feel her heart boating liko a frightened bird's. " Then the sight of a flapping sail on the other side, and a light hung on the bout's storn, maddened her. Sho cursed mo--sho struck me-sho said that she would shriek ; and I thought of her father's coming and stopping tlioir plan, hut I thought, "too, of my beina found strucrsling with the lass there, and how 1 should becomo a bywor.l in tho island. And tho thought, aud tho love, and the hats ivero liko tiro in my brain, and in rny madness, I could havo killed tho'las?.'', There was a long pause, and I turned and looked an eager question at him, but his eyes parried mine, and he went on stubbornly. " X fell twice as I rushed off to tho spot whero mv boat was now fyrating on tlio stones. There was water enough to sail across, and I mado for tho light that was moving from tho other shore. I nearly ran tho smack down, and heard tho man's oaths as ho gibed to get clear of my way. ' Mora"1 isn't coming now,' I cried ; «but tbo old man will bo looking- for you. Goodnight! And a bonny haul to yon !' His answer I did not hear. IIo stole straight across to the other shoro. I heard him whistle nnd call, and I waited in agony for tlioroplv, but none came. Then I10 turned, and stood out for eea. " I could have shouted for joy, and made straight for tho point to come round here. The wind was freshening to a gale, nnd alanda wero flying- hard across the moon's face. But the storm seemed to mako mo gladder, and the boat dashed on as if it felt ray joy. I did not mind tho spray, nor tho few cold drops of rain that stung my faco. There was to be a night of it, I knew, for those who wera on tho sea : bnt her I bad saved from that, and worso be?ido. I was like a man drunk with glee, and I shouted In the fierceness of my jov ! .. . . And then, as if my Bhout had called it from the I deep, on the crest of the next wavo I saw. c . . . the face of Morag ! Tho moon 11 touched it for a moment; tho eyes wero 1 closed ! Like a gray mist it looked, and the ' hair was liko the wet seaweed. And then tho black waters drew her down again ; and I rushed on, sailing the wild sea that-" night i like a senseless man ia a rudderless boat! i He ccased to speak, and X gazed at tho crumbling embers of tho fire, too touched to speak, till a louder whirl of the Btorm, and a gust of wind brought mo to myself, and I cried But, Noil, you have not said-tell me, did you-was it tho rising tide that caught her ? Or how was she drowned? " I turned, to yet no answer. Tho kitchen was empty. It was his going out that bad struok my senses. I rose, half shivering', for tho fire was dying hown, and the flame of tho candlo was swaying and roeling. I found an old end, and put it in ttu candlestick, and lit it, and after waiting long I n ent to my room and got to bed. . . . With the first streak of light I'was up, and crept down to tho door of Neil's sleeping-room to ask tlio question over again. X called lightly, and no answer camo, and I shrank from facing him. So I went out instead, to tiro myself into sleep if I could by a hard walk alons tho shore. Tho rain had ceased, but the waves had their white crests still, and tho ocean seemed to mo liko some hugo power that gloried in its terrible strength. I thought of tho tales of tho Gods of tho Sea, and how, at every fishing season, for tho bounty that they gave, they took in return a young fisher laci, or, at times, tho crow for whoso return the moist eyes were watching on the shore. And I thought of all tho secrets that were hidden there until the sea should give up its dead again. My eyes wandered across the strand to where the cottage roof roso gray amidst tho bald brown hills, and again I thought of tho vision of Morag, as I could think of only one vision in my own lonely" life. I felt a strango pity for this lonely man of mine. My feet carried me along to the swirling point where he had had that other vision of her. The rocks 'wero rough, and the spray was breaking, and many a slip I made upon the way ; but I groped on, and climbed the last big stone that juts out to tho sea, and then my heart stood still! For, on the shinglo of a little creek formed by a cleft in tho rock, a form was feeing tossed onwards by the breaking waves. It was Neil. Lover -and God knows what else beside-he bad joined Morag. If she had seen those thirty years of penance, her spirit may have softened to him, and tliey were, perhaps, one at last. If not, heaven help poor Neil! And the sea keeps its secrets still. 