??y. * -^n^^)ME£-Yf ?..: ' £ '??:?-? ?F«S^.*&.-.- -:'': .- Yes, it takes sons^uhgjich to make an old detective gasp / ^Wp3jgB— Hinton, one of the smartest vetettrifeife^the agency, paused to choke back a ?J^F^D^feugh — for staggering novelty and dram«ic '* Q&vlelopment; Pve -yec to come across anyflung like the little affair that Spears, the big^Jroker, put into my hands not so long back. Why, while his door was locked on the mystery, Spears offered roe .^SO down never to let it go farther ; but it crept out somehow, and convulsed the city for days— no wonder ! - . -;?.?? '?'. - - - Just by chance it was I happened to call at his office. twice on that p^irticolar day He had setime to hunt upone or two trouble- * some clients, and I Ifad some news for iim. i At 10 o'clock he had not arrived ; I sat 'down to wait. ,. The clerks were .whispering among ; themselves-Tj- resently I made out that there had been a significant shindy in the office, that week. Jesse Blair, Spears own nephew, was gone— disgraced lor life. A handsome young scapegrace, whom no one could help liking, he had JuuL ^splendid chances to- rise'', since Spears had taken iim into the inner ofBce to write his private correspondence — and wasted the.m all. Never really very reliable: he had got fascinated irf some thirdrate theat rical society, and from that moment turned up ] pale and unsteady, an hour or so late nearly every morning. And at last ipears had shown mm tne outer omce aoor,ana'ne had rushed out, they said, neat mad with rage and mor tification. No more relations in the place for him Spears vowed.' ' tie sat* straight down and dashed off an advertisment for a young lady typist,applicaXions to be made by letter only ? he wouldn't have^-shoal- of fcraales;- fighting fet places on Jthe staijS. -1 Aifll the clei^S' were all giggling and speculating.* As it happened, queerly enough. Uiere had not been a solitary answer to the advertisement any one morning. ' What, .none agarn,' gasped Spears, bust ling in just then. ' Thats very curious— a pound a week going begging ! Ha, Hinton, you back?' 'Quick, -I've-iltlraiy a minute to spam' -'.- ??- ;? ? ' ?' Vℓ, we had scarcely-got mto 'his private room when one of the clerks tapped— a young lady had called about the situation. Spears sprang up in a passion, but he quite calmed down when he saw the applicant herself stand ing there. Pretty ? Not the word. She was tall and stately, wdtha most magnificent wave of deep auburn hair, arid lifted her veil from a lace that had a color like roses. Only her spectacles spoiled her in that sense ; but she made up for it in herj s.weet,} frightened voice. She was so sorry to intrude like that, but she rhad been trying so long ; yes she had a per fect knowledge of jypewi&ing.and; — well, I half think I scented a sort ot romance on the spot. :-/^ It took my breath away io-^iear Spears, a cautious hard man, cut 'her shgrt and engage her there and then for ttiefdltowing Monday. She herself went off sosupSKgd and delighted she could hardly say thabfe^: Spears hurried after her to keep an ui^enMSipVpointment. I was to call in later. '_?? .1I-;t I did. The striking-, pari.-'^jf it was that jnst as I settled down -opposite Spears for' the second time that day, another balk oc curred — serious this time* High- voices out side at- first, next something^. *like a scuffle, and then the door burst ojJin — who should stand there but youg Jesse Blair, white and imploring ! .It looked as if he had just heard the news and realized, that he : had really reached the end of its tetherthete. ?- ' Mr. Spears ! Uncle !' He flung out both hands in a most touchingTvay j. his voice was a study.' ? ' I'm not here to' make a scene. ' I've been a fool. Iaskpne.last chance, just the one. I'll do my human best, there ! For the family's sake !'* -.-^c.^.. . '- \- 'Too late!' whispered-' Spears, turning away. .- I had -a. ? lum^i^nf- ayj o-n ' throat. ,' ..Unfortunately,' - ?your- didjryour. worst first. Leave tny office, please.4' . 'I will! And you-^&efore; long you'll be sorry you didn't stop to thiftk 1' ^ ?? .~ ' And out he marched, V shade less upset than Spears himself. Well,':;!I -found no oc casion to call there again for nearly thiee weeks, and then Miss Rhodes, the lady clerk, had settled, down at her desk in the inner room, and-things seemed going on quite ser enely. Already, though, ^jthe- clerks hid started talking — the quietest, most irritating girl going ! — never had -a word or a look to give anyone, and swept in and out like a breath of scented wind. There was even a whisper that .she had heard the tale, and went in vague fear that Jesse Blair meant to take some mean revenge upon her. I laughed to myself; when I left I could 'have given them a likely key to the mysterious retinence. In credible as it seemed, Spears, always eaten up with business and money- miking, was falling deeper and deeper every hour in love with this typewriter rid, .with Tier rose colour. grand mass of hair, and superior ways. I knew it for certain when, one day a few weeks later, I got an incoherent note from him tell ingrme to call immediately *6n urgent busi ness. . A man' who dabblcd-vrith thousands of pounds every -day- without Ming his 'head, he turned round a face quite white and excited. Almost the first .words'* he 'blurted '^ont ' made lift my eyebrows at Miss Rhodes, writing demurely only a yard or so away ; and' Spears — well, he distinctly blushed; - ' ' Oh — er — Miss Rhodes, knows the facts, of course/' he said,- with a:* rough. 'Facts, I say ; but it's really, the mast-mystifying affair out. Hinton, am. r to- sithepe calmly and lose ^450 ? Not I !' 'Tie 'started striding up and down then. ' Look here; we did some ordin ary ' cpver ' business with a new client named Jones,' atr-Bermingham, a month 'ago. He. netted just.j£'_5o over it, and I instructed a firm there, with whom we exchange credit, to pay him the money in the usual way. Set tling day comes ronnd— and _it appears they have beep and 'paid ,.: him ~.£yx- I Not only that, but they swear hard and fast that that was the amount named m our. letter; -.,'?? What 36 you make of thSi ?rt '' '' , 'H*m! Then.ypu don't admit ihe ^possi bility of a mistake in:/i your' 'figures/ Mf. Spears?' - -.? . \ .?» , s^ X'-'- :.????' .'Five' hundred' for fifty! Am; I mad? Miss Rhodes theje *$p&\- all Setters/. at^=my dictation, aaA, '-of course,' I read'4hem over before signing. It's a. dowarighi myBtery;^: but it «haU be aeareiupi''-*'* - 'w * ''' ' ' ' ? 3 gT&s-fbmv;'.' I put in,.TOpderin£O «.*te^( ffi case ? * If they -'hlS^your letter to ishow ? ' .... . .... 'Just it!' he whispered, tapping my shoulder. ' They- can't trace this Jones,! Now, isn't that sufficient evidence.of careless ness — or something- deeper? And ! yet I've paid money through them for years'! -There's even my own -lawyer at a loss, and— well, it's in your hands. Clear it up. pr.I shall proceed on the gronnd that it was worked with this Jones.' And the mystery had only deepened the next. morning, when I got to Bermingham and in terviewed the manager there. I saw at a glance that the error had been genuine — they were quite indignant about it. -Off I hurried to the hotel where . Jones had been staying ; be had left some days before,' giving' .no clue as to his future - movements. ' Significant ! Back to' the firm I went, and suggested that a confederate of Jones. ia| their employhad pur loined the missing letter. , ^ext to impossible - they declared, and the month's correspondence was brought out for my inspection. ' rile after file we waded through, to no purpose.. One rather curious thing I did come across, how jever, and that j-as a §hggt of ^ipap^r,. 'jsneh ^as -'Spears iiseg, ' jjatfi hisijjgnature jat tie.jiQOtV1-^ ndflring'more.' How ''it 'haa'Tound' Its way ' tHere-the firm had no . idea ; -so 1= just asked leave to-slip it into my pocket. It rather seemed to me that T~ should 'convince Spears he was' not exactly as business-like as he made out, and was occasionally in the habit of setting dovn.his signature before the letter was written over it . Men in 'love do' queer 'thingsi ???-''? '- ?'. ? ??- ? .' -For two days I haunted Birmingham, doing my level utmost to trace that Jones. No good-; back to London I .went ' ft -gave, .me almost a ' turn ' to catch Spears, pacing up and down in his private room, both hands hard to his head. .' - ?? Hinton !' he gasped out — the typewriter girl had gone out. to lunch. '.Hinton, what ever does it all mean ? I'm glad you've come. L. . . . Here's the identical thing happened i '?' ' ? '? over again-f-1'arkers and Chatham, have paid a client three hundred ppunds in my name instead-ifiSf* tluW^.^: 'Tfiree'. hundred J Heavans,,if this leaks tout eyerywhere, I -: shall be ruined ! 'G;an*t yon su^^st something, Tvith ^pur experience of ins-andoiits?' ? . ' . For life life' of ine, I- could only stare back ;' perhaps I bad .some hazy notion, but it wanted shapiiig^ifwas so .queer.' 'Two 'ac-- cidents of that sort— ^ well,' It 'was rather too: startling a . coincidence. I wouldn't say. another word, but took train tiien and there for Chatham.- Mystifyinfe-^aye i ' Precisely the same thing had happened as with the Bermingham-firm — and it had never happened before in the course of their dealing with Spears. The letter was missing, and 50 was the man 'who had applied to them for the three hundredpounds. When they . nointed oui a blank-square of paper — at' least, blank except for -Spear's unmistakable signature at the^oot — and .couldn't account :for it,^well, there, I should have been the biggest hlun d««r in ?? the .agency if 'thai hazy notion of mine hadn't sprung- up clear as davlight of a sudden. My fingers itching to lay 'hold of one particular person, I raced back to town. reached the office just an hour before closing time, and walked in without troubling the I clerks to announce me. Possibly there Was I something- more in my mannerin rny manner than I meant to show. Spears sat there, dic titing.the evening letters ; ius voice and the I cb'fck of rthe 'typewriter : .bfoke off simultan eously. -Miss'Rhodes started,' and-' then sat like stone ; and -Spears, poor' fellow, spun : round with .a quick,- J-J Out - with .it, Hinton !' ' Well, you'll' excuse toe; ._'sir ? I .. said', at oiicejf but I'd like to know jfrst- whether foa ever do such a strange thing as put your Big nature to a letter before the letter, itself is written? Never?' He nad stared, and then .gave a _wann. negative. :. ^ . » '.* ? ' 'Well either these are forgeries, or the fact remains that you don't read too carefully 'through' your corespondence after it is type written. . . . ? - Er —you'll oblige me by sitting quite still, Mils Rhodes ! she-half swayed up, tut sub Bided again. .'- . _???? : My own signatures, both ! Spears whispered a hand to his forehead What — whatever does this mean ? - - Genuine then? I thought so. - . I put iny back to the door, and dropped my voice a note. Now Miss -Rhodes would you prefer to answer that question yourself, without any bother ? ? . . . ' . That was It, and they were.- both on their feet jin a jiffy. The. girl was first- to speak, in a husky, but clever, voice: Mr. Spears — -Frank !. am- I to stay here and'-be insulted by that fellow ? Kindly allow me to leave, please. But— one moment ! he gasped out. Hinton explain your words — I insist ! I — why, I would trust Miss Rhodes with my life^— it's monstrous ! Besides how could she—- — — Oh, easily enough, I put in, a bit nettled. If I'm not to go on, you've only to ask the young lady what brand of ink she used when she typed these particular letters— and possibly a few others for' all we know/. . . . Yes, ink that is warranted to fade out in a few days, eh, Miss Rhodes— most conveniently when there's a purpose in view? There you are Mr. Spears. '.This' young — er — lady --an j doubtlessly tell you who has got your money. I've clone my part. . . J I'll never forget it Spears— he stood jusFj like a man bewitched-; there was no doubt, * as I found later, that he had really intended to trust her with his'Jife. . As for her, her hands clenched hard, she towered there, glaring murder at me from be hind those eyes for a moment — and then sud denly collapsed into her chair. Very, simple ; but a clearer admission of the main fact there never was. Yes ; but the queerest, most amazing, part of it was to tome. \- Not another word had been spoken, when she slowly rose-and threw out her hands,' Tas'if her last. 'chance Jay .-in- -'working upon his feelings. Mr. Spears ! . . . Frank ! she whispered Oh, it was sublime ! Next moment — mercy ! I believe the man had taken a .step, with - his -own hand out ; I gripped 'him back. My own breath was gone— that one dramatic movement of hers had sent a notion like lightning through my brain. I've jumped to a few queer conclusions on a lucky impulse/'but that-^ ? Why ! Why, iMr. Spears ! I blurted out If I don't believe ? ' I must have been sure of it. Before I knew of it I had taken a couple of strides : and jerked sharply at that mass of wavy, -auburn hair It came clean away ; the spectacles fell off at the same moment . . Miss Rhodes! We were staring at a dark, close- cropped head — staring at Jesse Blair ! And — well, there, it was the finest, neatest, stroke of real art I ever expect to see in this world. You. have heard of dramatic situation — so you can faintly imagine it But it wasall up, and to judge by Spear's face alone, I don t suppose-a man ever had a worse shock before. White as any ghost, he groped for his chair ; and our pretty criminal was just the one to. twist the upset round to his own advantage. Now, only . keep , heart, ancle ! Actually he half smiled. I can explain all— I did it as much for a joke as anything else. You must own you have got your own back-with a ven geance now ! The money-^you shall have your money back every penny of it, within 24\. hours. Uncle, you won't ' be a fool, for all our sakes ?—your own, too, you know, You wouUr scarcely' credit it, but s-pears swayed iip and pointed shakily to the door. '-Go !'? rattled in his throat ' Put those, things on, and go, before I have time to think ! — ? Hinton!' He made an efibrt to whisper to me : 'Hinton/I leave the rest to you. It's fifty pounds in your pocket to get him away without anyone knowing: '!' ? . ? ? * ? . ? ? % ' ?? . ? : Jesse Blair was a born act x— that he has fairly proved. First of all, he had thought only of taking some petty revenge on his -uncle ;? but that advertisement of Spears for a lady typist had put. this idea -into iis fertile brain, and he and one of his actor friends h~ad concocted a risky plot that worked for profit as well. There had been not a solitary answer to that-ad.— of «Hirse not ! - Knowing in time,- those; 'thrifee-inonuings ' ie -'had - called - at' die place.a little before'business .time, .got ;thej keys of Speais's 'offices from the hall porter below (who, .of course, - knew nothing of his having been cashiered), simply ? cleared the letter-box of every envelope marked ' Situation,' and then handed the keys back with the 'cool remark . that the letter he ex pecteS'had not 'arrived 1 Then he had called in the character of ?' Miss Rhodes' 'and got the berth ; and he carried his -cunning so far, as you know, as to go there, without the dis guise, a few hours later and plead for one. more chance— a* master stroke in the way of' averting, possible suspicion.. -. ,. ^r. .. . The rest was comparatively child's woikv ?, Three coups he and his friend,, the travelling 'speculator' had arranged, and two had succeeded. For -those letters he had con trived to use an ink that faded -completely out in a few days, and just trusted, to chance for Spears not noticing the added nought Spears didn't — probably dashed off his signa ture with barely a glance at the context ; and after-that the chances of immediate detection were wonderfully light They only wanted £1,000, and then — hey, for the Wild West 