IN THE WAKE OF FORTUNE AN AUSTRALIAN STORY CHAPTER XXIV.—Continued Barr lifted a half-finished letter from under a sheet of blotting paper. It was the letter he had been so engrossed in when startled by Edward's voice. As the latter glanced at it he saw that it was addressed to his mother, and contained a fall account of the tragic death of her son. " Another day and you would have been too late to stop that," Barr said, in a husky voice. " It would have killed her. Thank God I was in time." " In one hour I can go home with you, if you care to wait. If not, you know where the house is. I have several letters from home for you," Barr said. " Oh, I can wait for an hour, I assure you. I have been well schooled in waiting lately," smiled the young man. Barr however, did not put him to the ordeal of waiting even the hour, for in half that time they were speeding in the Essen- don tram towards the former's home. " They think you are up aloft," whispered Barr, as they neared the house; " I must go first and let them know the truth, or they will perhaps object to my bringing a ghost home with me." In a few minutes he came to the gate with Mrs. Barr at his side and beckoned Treno- weth up. Mrs. Barr's greeting was a cordial one, for she looked upon him as one really risen from the dead. Before he was allowed to shut himself up with his letters, his host insisted upon his having lunch, and, that over, he made hastily for his room and opened his budget of letters. He took them according to the dates on the envelopes, and thus he had a consecutive history of events "in St. Columb's Cove. The letters from Inez were of an affec- tionate character, but the later dated ones were mostly written by his mother. The last one he had to open was very voluminous, and he found that it was dated from St. Columb's Cove, on the 5th of Sep- tember, 1871, and from his mother. It was as follows " My dearest Son,— " It is only a sense—a very strict sense —of my maternal duty to you which impels me to send you the information contained herein. Knowing me as you do, you can well believe me when I say that I would rather be in my grave than be thus forced to inflict the pain which I know this will give you. " Not to keep you in suspense, I may as well tell you at once that Inez has proved unfaithful to you (oh, that I should live to have to say it !)" Trenoweth put down the letter at this juncture and stared vacantly at the wall in front of him. The news was so sudden that it fell upon him like a thunderbolt. " Inez unfaithful !" He had never even reckoned on the possi- bility of such an ending to his love dream. The awakening was a rude one. For twenty minutes he thus sat, and then, slowly lifting the fatal letter, he began to read again. " It is as well that you should know the whole story that it is my painful task to tell to you. I begged Inez to do so, as it was her duty, but she refused. " In the beginning of June two strangers —tourists made their appearance at St. Columb's Cove. They were staying near Tintagal and spending the summer along the Cornish coast. On the 4th of June our friend Edwards drove them over here and, being visitors of some distinction, he brought them to our house. On learning that they were from Australia, I gave the heartiest welcome, for I thought I might possibly learn something of my beloved son in that far-off land. " Inez was at home, of course, and we entertained them for the greater part of the day. They said they were what in Austra- lia were called ' squatters' and both Inez and myself were so interested in their de- scriptions of the region you are now in that we probably prevented them seeing many of the points of interest in the neigh- borhood. To remedy this, I asked them to pay an- other visit, and arranged to get Pengelly to act as guide for them. " They readily consented to this, and three days subsequently Charles Simpson and John White—for such were the names they gave—again visited St. Columb. "I did not notice that either of them paid more attention to Inez than might be expected under the circumstances; and, as their general bearing was most gentlemanly and respectful, I had no idea that anything could happen from the visits. "I might say, that on the first visit I told Charles Simpson of the intense interest I felt in Australia through my only child being there. I further said that Inez was your betrothed. " I did this so that there could be no pos- sible misunderstanding; but at the time I had no idea that Inez was likely to prove fickle. " On several other occasions the tourists paid visits to St. Columb ; but, as there are so many places of legendary interest to be seen, I did not attribute the slightest im- portance to the visits. " On several occasions, I now recollect, Inez was away from home for two or three hours at a time; but, as she was in the habit of visiting the villagers, as you know, I could not be expected to connect her ab- sence with the Australian tourists. I after- wards learnt that, at least twice, she went to meet Charles Simpson. " At the end of two months I began to notice a change in the demeanour of Inez. She seemed dissatisfied and irritable in an unusual degree, and her absences were more numerous and more prolonged than before. " I bore with it all until one day the truth was most unexpectedly revealed to me by old Debby Penhaven, who nursed you, and who has loved you like a second mother. The good soul came to me as a sort of accredited messenger of the villagers to let me know that all was not right—Inez Jas- per was almost daily in the company of one of the visitors who had lately driven over to St. Columb. " The jealous villagers had watched the meetings, which took place near the Black Rock, on the road to Tentagal. It was be yond doubt that the pair met as lovers, and the villagers, knowing that I must be igno- rant of the action taken by Inez, resolved that I should know. " I can assure you, Edward, that at first I was incredulous, for I could not bring my- self to believe that the child I had reared could act so treacherously. " When the old nurse went away I sat down and pondered deeply over the commu- nication I had just received. " The more I thought the more firmly was I convinced that it was my duty, both for your sake and for hers, to speak to Inez on the subject. " It was six o'clock when she returned, and as she passed me to go to her room I thought she seemed somewhat agitated. " When she returned I asked her in the kindest way where she had been. " ' I just went to see Mother Penhaven,' she answered. " ' Was she at home ?' I asked. " ' Oh, yes,' replied Inez. " This answer confirmed my worst fears, for I well knew that Inez had told me a lie. " I went to her, and, taking her hand in mine, said : " ' Do you remember, Inez, when Edward bade you his last good by ? Do you remem- ber promising to be faithful to him and that only death would part you ?' " ' People, when they are young, promise many foolish things which never come to anything,' she answered with a forced laugh. " ' People, young or old, should not break solemn vows without abundant cause,' I said sharply. " ' And have I not abundant cause ?' she broke out in a torrent of passion. ' I have not heard from Edward for more than a year; and it seems to me I will have to wait until I am gray haired if I wait for him to get rich and marry. But I am not going to wait. I am engaged to Charles Simpson, and arrangements are already made for our marriage at Tintagal to-morrow.' " The suddenness of this revelation gave me a shock. I dropped her hands and was about to turn silently away, when I remem- bered my duty to you. Turning to her, I said : " ' Will you do your duty as far as you can and tell Edward what you have done ? It will spare me a trial.' " 'No !' she answered, passionately and decisively. ' I will tell him nothing, nor hold communication with him. He treats me with neglect and I will return it.' " I said no more, for my heart was too full. I went to my room, and when I came down in the morning I found a curt note on the table from Inez, telling me that she had left St. Columb for ever, as she was to be married that day and, with her husband, would immediately take her departure to Australia. " Thus without a kind farewell to myself or the villagers, she fled from our midst. She came amongst from we knew not whence, and she has gone from us we know not whither. " My dear boy, I have now told you all and I pray you may be strong and not allow this most unfortunate event to blight your life. We are all in God's hands, and He does everything for the best. You always have the blessing of your affectionate mo- ther, and I pray God you will soon forget your false love and find a faithful heart to take her place. When may I expect to see you ? I am very lonely now." The letter concluded here, and in his des- pair Trenoweth crushed it convulsively in bis hand. He must have sat in the room for nearly three hours, when he was roused by someone knocking at the door. Recollecting that he was a guest, he tried to calm his agitation, and at once opened the door. He was confronted by John Barr, who jokingly reminded him that time was flying and suggested that he must have found his correspondence interesting. In the dim light he did not notice the pallid face of his guest, but as he stepped into the passage the change in his features was apparent. " What ! Bad news ? I am sorry for that." Trenoweth took him by the arm and led him into the room, handing him the letter as he did so. Barr hastily glanced through it, and then, taking Trenoweth's hands in his own, said: " I don't want to be severe on you, but let me say that, instead of being thus plunged in grief, you should thank God at having escaped being linked for life to a woman such as this. She is one not only insensible to true love but also to gratitude. Are you going to wreck your life for one so unworthy of any sacrifice ? I will say no more now, but think to-night over what I have said. If you do not care to leave your room I will send you something." Trenoweth did not care to leave his room, and Barr left him to himself to fight out his own salvation. Even as Jacob wrestled with the angels, so also did Edward Treno- weth struggle with his passion that night; and, ere morning dawned, he had obtained the victory. The guardian angels of good sense and fortitude came to his rescue, and he regis- tered a vow that he would blot the image of Inez Jasper entirely out of his mind for- ever. 