;/:/ POINTS. ; The Christmas number of tho Week, illus trated, will be ready on December Id.. Agents and others please ordor early. The best weeklv paper in Queensland. Send it to vbnr friends. Illustrated, price only 3d. \ Copy Rite. There is one religious rite in whioh the Sonth African war correspondents would engage in with- dolight. That is swinging tho censor. The Premier's statement yesterday was, ns might have been expected, involved, and in places indefinite and obscure. But one thing is definito and olear — he will not attempt to 'curry on with a majority of one. i . ' One prominent member of the Assembly was heard yesterday to describe tho Govern ment as the Kcogh Government. \- The member for Rosewood has "fallen in" and no miatuke. It is said that if Mr. Dawson is asked to form a Ministry, Mr. Forrest will be Premier. Chbistius fun and frolic." See Christmas number of tho Week, illustrated ; price 3d. We ura getting frequent news of tho arrival of British troops in South Africa, and of the advance of columns northward and westward, but somehow we hoar of next to no important strategical points gained. All the time tbo Boor has been steadily working further into Natal, so that even KBtcourt is now threatened with isolation. The enomy mast bo in enormous force if capable of -fully investing other towns besides Ladysmith and Kimberloy. It will be pleasant, to hear of a movement on tho 8ido of tho British which will really affeot the positions of the Boers and drive them baek towards their own territory. The Now Zonland contingent — the first of the colonials except the small body of New South Wales lancers— has arrived. In another week nearly all the Australian forces will bo there. The demand for land is still, as it always has beon, very good, whoro fertile and suit able sections , nre to bo obtained. This is shown by tho rush for holdings on the Lake Clarendon Estate. It is not true that people refuse to go on tbo land! When it is of the right sort to make a living out of, and is properly acces sible, they tuke it up quickly enough. Witness the experience of New Zealand, where a good land system prevails. That display of £2,009,000 worth of gold plato at tbo royal banquet to the German l-'mperor would havo been enough to muko oven the Turkish Sultan envious. Sucn a magnificent array could scarcely be produced by any other mouaroh in the world. " Ghost in Bbooxde. See Christmas number of the Week, illustrated; price 3d. Order early. The French nre again demonstrating their bostite feelings to the British to an inordinate extent. .Well, there is one thing — it matters little to the British nation whothpr they are friendly or not. Divisional boards aro much alike. They have many requirements, and' more debts, and in many cases they have borrowed to tho end of their tether. Tnr, Maroochy board has apparently done all it can in tho way of road-making, and has stopped for wunt of tho needful. The ratepayers uro a resourceful crowd over there, however, and many of them think little of rolling up their sleeves and taking a torn at making and mending roads themselves. How would Brisbane ratepayers care about this? Some time was wasted in the Supremo Court. A question arose as to whether one amount would bo regarded as an increase to income or u decrease. His Honour Mr. Justice Eenl wanted to resort to some simple illustration, ami sug gested using books, but counsel said ho -was not going into abstruse mental problems. His honour Mr. J ustico Renl says ' ho inay. not know -so very muoh tabout- accounts, but he knew enough when he was at tho bar to make aceountants sit up. He says the trouble with somo persons is that they look at books to find out one Lftr-.. tieular thing alone und then try to mijjlnd someone else. All the WiNNans. - See Christmas nnmbcr of the Week, illustrated; price 3d. Order early. At present matters political nro in a state of cluios. What is likely to happen ? The prospect of tho continuous Ministry with its unsavoury record being lit lust ter minated, will bo generally welcomed. Rtmouns are afloat us to a possiblo reconstruction of tho Ministry, but tho peoplo of Queensland will surely not stand that. But nftor all the chances are that the present Fremicr, notwithstanding all bis boasts about upholding dignity and honour, will not so readily yield up tho reins of Government. . The northern Ministry is at length totter ing. and its downfall will be a good thing for the colony generally. It is a risky thing for France to indulge in furious attacks on tho British peoplo with the Paris exhibition so near at baud. To lose tho favour of tho greatest cora- merical power is not a good way of beginning a hugo international industrial enterprise. The outory and threatened boycott ovor the Dreyfus case has not been sufficient warning. . But the French wore never very business like. Joubert must have a very large force under his command in Natal, to allow him to spread over such an oxtensive urea. On, on the other band, is it possible that tho Boers, anxious to cause as much mischiof as possible, aro going on raiding expeditions on their own account, thereby weakening the main body ? If so, it is n dangerous move, cspeoially if tho British generals in Natal are capable of profiting by it. \- Genebal Bullek displays an insight of human charaotor. Nothino gives a person such an uneasy feeling as to have his name taken down in an official list. There is a vague menace about it, the mora terrible for its vagueness. The general evidently knows this, to judge from bis treatment of disloyalists. . Some of the British commanders, so far, have not shown any partioular ability for strategy. They simply fight — that is their military genius, as manifested up to tho present. What would Kitchener have dono in South Africa ? Ho seemed possessed of plenty of resource and boldness of notion when direct ing affairs in tho north of tho continent. Will our team givo a better account of themselves in the cricket field in tbe coming match -than in tbe lust ouo ? It is highly probable. Ramsay, of Toowoomba, performed splen didly ugainst tho last English eleven, taking fivo wiokots. Howitt showed up woll in tho little play that took place during tho Bccond visit of tbo Englishmen to Brisbano. Byrno is always reliable with tho bull. These three aro nil additions to tho Queens, land howling, , whioh should considorubly strengthen it. It is to bo hoped there will he no Queens land " pairs of spectacles " this time. Their Bnsiness Methods. — "Well," said Bill Yubs, "I'vo'tnkcu a powdorformylieud- aohe, a pellot for my livor, and a capsalo for my goaty foot. Now, what puzzles mo is, how do the things know the right place to go after, they get inside - An estimation has been made of the money lost on tho turf throughout tho world during each, year. The amount is placed at £50,000, 000, of which £10,000,000 is lost on English racecourses, and, strango to say, about £20,000,000 on Australian coursos. The remainder is ohiefiy distributed bolwoon France, the United States, and British oolonies. ' "I ain't got no money, your wortohip," exoluimed a costor who was. fined 10s. tho other day for disorderly conduot, " but if you'll tako it out in bloaters, things. could be harraDgiriaa.hamioa1 asj>03aibIe.Mp 