NOTES BY THE WAV' , ' .NANANGO iJOLD. ROMANTIC LEGEND OF A BURNETT PRINCESS.' ?...IB* ' JDSTiriA.']- ? j In all that has been written. consenting tho magnificent'Nonango district withinthe past couple of years -or so, it strikes one as a peculiar anomaly,' that whilst its most obvious resources — pastoral) ' agricultural, timber, etc.^have receivedin all oases their full and favourable share of notice/ vet, never in any instance that I can call tomind, has the faintest allasion'been made to the possibilities awaiting its development as a mineral pro ducing country. This peculiarity has ^fre quently struck', me inthe intervals between . my 'notes' to be just as often forgotten when tho ?' inspired'. mood returned, and I; havo now to thank a very old wellr known, and competent miner (Mr. Frank Luck) for: his kindness in jogging my memory -upon - this rather remarkable point. Perhaps no man at present in these districts is better acquainted with them, or more competent to form an opinion concerning the auriferous possibilities of a district : (from 'a practical miner's point of view) than is the genial old veteran of the -wilds, referred to. In tbe course of a casual conversation recently held upon the subject in hand, ho (Mr. Luck) informed me that closc upon 30 years ago, at a time when the closo settlement which is now taking place in the Country under notice, appeared to him and others, II mnuiil, no iilivolaco . „1, .. ' wandered with pick,rehbvel, and,dish, in solitary1 state, over those 'everlasting hills, and camped upon the green alluvial flats where now the (fabled) whisUe of the British ploughboy has perforce given place to the more sonorous, and expressive ' colonial' outh, so well understood by the appreciative team. ?' 1 Mr. Luck states that he found ' payable gold' id several places during tbis expedi tion, but owing to the vast extent of likely country at that time at bis sole disposal the prospecting done was necessarily of a perfunctory character ; but be still, as an experienced ' gold miner, holds the highest possible opinion of the Nanango region — and doubtless — as tho manner of nearly every old gold ' hatter' is — has carried for many a long year in his mind's eye, a visibn of some wild gully — lonely, but ' likely,' to be surely 'revisited' ' some day' when that hundred or' two, shall be found to be altogether superfluous — a day wbich as most of us have learnt, flits ever ahead, alluringly bright, mockingly intangible — one of the delusive will-o'-the-wisps upon life's pilgrimage, I have read that it was somo such retrospective vision which Caused the first discoverer of the precious metal in Australia, to return from California and realize bis dreaui. The result has proved to posterity, a very solid sort of ' Ignis fatuus' indeed. That gold does exist in the Nanango country has long oeen proven heyoml a doubt. and I have met at least one old resident of that part, who is au enthusiast upon the point, and who like the rest, is ever in arduous pursuit of those evanescent fow hundreds wherewith to operate upon the particular gully of his fancy. He, as well as many others of whom I made inquiries is of opinion that this country has never been ' half pros pected.' As a general rule tho present pastoral or agricultural settler would hardly, trouble to recognise — except through the medium of his crops — a lump of gold, before tripping over it, ' or that it had bent his plough Bhear. As to washing an experi mental dish of stuff, in may occur to him after he has washed large nuggets off the potatoes intended for his dinner — not before. I have actually met a settler of 14 years standing, who, during tbe greater portion of that time has been aware that several likely looking quartz reefs cropped out in his home paddock, and yet he informed me that he has never had the curiosity to knock olT a piece and examine it for gold. This gentleman reminded me of a man I oncc met, who lived upon the margin of a I river which was literally alive with fish. Having a weakness for the ' gentle craft' myself, I blandly inquired what sort of bait he found most effective iu their capture. ' Saxpence —in the nearest toonship' — was the dry and disconcerting response, whilst just tbe ghost of a twinkle for the fraction nf fin instant filluminntpd fl nflt.nrnllv rn ( hpr cold and fishy eye. Before leaving the sub ject it may not be out of place to repeat a time-honoured Burnett legend, which I fear some readers may consider trcncHes some what upon the region of romance, but yet, which to judge from the . number of inde pendent confirmations received of the tale, I at least have reason to believe is substanti- ! ally corrcct. Well — to begin in the good old style — once upon a time, some 35 or 40 years ago, a certain dusky princess, of surpassing charms no doubt, but also (as may reason ably be inferred from the sequel) of a 'certain' age, was dreamily meandering, tomahawk in hand in search of adventures (more gener ally corrupted into ' possums,' by the plebeian vulgar of her father's tribe) over tbe romantic inequalities of Manumbar run. As sbc gracefully glided athwart a succession of gentle undulations (so the chronicle saith) her glorious eyes were raised Heavenwards in dreamy rapture, as she pictured to herself for the twentieth time the nobly intellectual appearance presented by a princely lover upon the previous morning, what time his nose and nether features were embedded in ' the internal economy of a half roast iguano, stufled with snails. J3ut her vestal day dream was'sud-?enly and unpleasantly inter rupted through her little foot tripping against a protruding ' gibber,' whereby her royal ' mundoey' (toe) suffered excruciating agonies, and the hot blood of a long un broken line of Burnett ancestors, dyed the ungrateful herbage around, until it fairly crimsoned in the humilitude born of its utter unworthiness. Tbe poor princess straight way executed an impromptu and wholly original coroboree on one leg around the hallowed spot ; in the ccstasy of her high displeasure she swung her gleaming toma hawk aloft, and with an Elizabethan exple tive more expressive than polite, brought it down with all her strength — a telling ' back hander' — upon the offending rock. From tbe force of the impact, off flew a lump, mnch the same shape, but considerably larger (as she considered) than her royal father's proboscis. But hold. Could it be the tears of pain which dimming her liquid wallaby-like eyes caused that lump of quartz to flash and scintillate like a noontide meteor as it glanced through the dancing sunbeams? Surely not. With three majestie .strides, whose dignity was somewhat marred by a painful limp, she reached, piched up, and .examined tbo specimen. She did not ejacu late Heavens ! as a white person would have done under the circumstances, but sbe did exclaim something which I regret to record was ' quite the reverse.' The specimen was nearly all gold. In tho excitement of the moment she broke into imperfect English — very imperfect at t.hat. But most raconteurs I have met agree that it ran somewhat as follows : — ' My (adjective) oath. White ? fella blenty look out that one. Me yan longa station merrymickcy. Me shewit that fella. Blenty plour, tea, sag, tobac sit down that time. Me an King. Billy yan long township. Blenty bully lam cask. KillemT heap blackfella. Geelusa lem, cobawhtndgeree,-chip-obip-ho5-(bally) ray.' H^vip£4hua far^ raised the, imperial safety valVe/'sbe promptly acted- upon her resolution, and succeeded in conveying the specimen either to Manumbar or Widgeo (I have heard both mentioned as her: destina tion). As may &e; imagined, great was the excitement which that rich specimen caused amongst the whites who saw it, and prompt measures -were taken to have the ' prinoesa' guide them back to the Manumbar Eldorado. But fact is stranger than fiction, and it was not to be. Sad to state, the stumble which was the primary - cause of disclosing, a possible fortune for somebody, -was at the same time {he death blow of tbe unfortunate princess, and her dreams of township glories were fated neyer to be realised. la her hurry to reach the white man's abode the wounded royal ' mundpey' was forgotten and neglected, and she expired from lockjaw, or something of that nature, whilst being tenderly convened upon a litter towards the nf he 1 Divested of all verbiage, the above is perfectly true, and can be vouched for by a dozen people if necessary. One of these, informed me that be had spent many weeks at different times in a vain search for that Manumbar reef, the exnet 'where abouts of which remains up to the present day a. mystery, profound as the sepulchre of Moses. - It is a noteworthy fact, that whilst your merchants, timber men, and agriculturists, ate fully alive to tbe importance to them of this ' rapidly coming district, its mineral wealth has so far been completely ignored by all. I have been over a great portion of tho country under notice, and quite coincide with the opinions of many I have met, that it has never been thoroughly prospected for the precious metal. Might it not pay a few of your oitizens of money and ontorprise, at this comparatively early stage of proceedings, to properly equip and send out even a couple of experienced men upon a fow months' careful prospecting tour, and if they be only constituted as the writer is, surely at. the shrine where once a royal princess tripped, gallant miners would never object to fall. 