TWO MEN KILLED BY LIGHTNING. ADELAIDE, Monday.—Yangarrie experienced tbe full force of Saturday's storm, which passed over the northern areas, 2in. of rain being registered there in less than an hour. The heaviest flood known for 20 years, resulted from the downpour. Two young men named. Tonkin were working on their parents' farm in tho district, and nhon they saw the Btorm approaching they started to ride home on horseback. They had not gone far, however, before both men and their horses wore killed instantly by lightning. Tho men were found dead by tin ir mother, who liad become anxious because they did not return home, and went to look for them. Yenice is built on 80 islande, and has 400 bridges, which are vety steep and have many steps. The circumference of tho city is about eight miles. A suggestion lias lately beon made that glass would be a better and more lasting material than stone for making monuments which are exposed to the wearing action of the weather. In Englaud placing the thumb to the nose and extending the fingers is the sign of derision . Among enrtaio hill t.ii-uo iii maia it is the most expressive manner of showing respnet.- Iu many parts of China there are mounds, earthworks, look-out terraces the remains of ancient cities and fortres>e«—which mark tb« sites of capit Is from the very dawu of auihontichistory. Many acres of ennary seed are annually grown in ICent. mauy pnrsoiiB' hero being solely cauarj -eed farmers Tho straw ot the canary seed plant is highly valued as fodder for horses. In fasting foats tho sect of Jains, in India, is for ahead of all rivals. Fasts of from thirty to forty days are very eomino: , and ooce a year they are said to abstain from food for seventy-five days. In the reigu of Edward III. all the brewers and bakers were women, and when met. began to engage in these oc- cupations it was thought so strange that they were called men-brewers and menbafeers. Naval experts put down the active life of a modern battleship at about 15 years. A hundred years ago battleships lasted neatly six times as long, and were on active service nearly the whole time of theii commission. The diminution of cost of production . effected in modern limes by the improve ments in processes of manufacture is wonderful. Thus a gross of steel penB, which are sold to-day for lialf-a crown, formerly cost £7 to produce. Thero is a plant in Jamaica called the, life-plant, because it is almost impossible to kill it. When a leaf is cut oC hung up by a string, it sends out white, thread-like roots, gathers moisture from tho air, and begins to grow new leaves. While in America, Mr. W. S Gilbert was one evening at a fashionable funotion given by a lady of ihe " new rioh" order, who posed as a patron of music, but who had not bad time to educate herself. She was foolisli enough to attempt to "show iiff" before the Eng li6h celebrity. " And -what is Bach [' Batch' she called it] doing now ?" she said; " ia he composing anything?" " No, madam," immediately replied Mr Gilbert, without the ghost of a smile. "No madam, Batch is just now decomposing." e A prejudice againBt twinB and their mothers dominates the natives of the Niger Coast Protectorate. Despite the influence of British rule, it IB the usual thing for twins to be killed as soon as born. The mother is treated as a defiled outcast. This.saja Miss Slcssor, who has worked for twenty-two yeara under tho auspices of the United Presbyterian Mission at Old Calabar, is because witoh craft is as-umed to have hr>pn r «pnn»ihl« fur ibuir p! rii'itf. 