Our Story. Timothy Brown's Temptation and Victory. By a Lincolnshire Lad. 'I do-ant believe in't I tells, you. It's all very well for Conf'rence to pass resolutions an' sich, and to tell foaks what a gloorious thing it'd be to cele braate tue startin' of the twentieth cent'ry by raisin' a heap of munny. Fifty thousan' guineas a-ant ra-aked up in the-as da-ays so easy as Conf'rence thinks. An' as fur th'istoric roll, who d'ye think cares wither ees na-ame's on't or off t ? I tells you sur, the-as a-ant tne times co worry foaks about munny. An', sur, it's nobbut pride that maakes foaks want to bev theer na-ame a written in a boak fur them to stare at as isn't born an' mebbe nivver will be. A-ablins the .Tudgmen' da-ay '11 cum afore it's printed, so whot's the good ? No-a, Mester Jolly, I do-ant see me wa-ay at presen' to sa-ay wither I will er wither I we-ant give ought to the Fun'.' The gentleman who placidly listened to this oration was the Rev. Thomas Jolly who was making some preliminary excursions among his- flock with the hope that at the great inaugural meeting of the Century Fund in Sydney he would be able to indicate the minimum con tribution likely to be raised by his circuit. Mr. Timothy Brown — old Tim Brown of Brownedale, he is generally called — is one of Mr. Jolly's most in fluential parishioners, and though he was uncertain as to whether he' would be successful, he gave old Tim the honour of having the first opportunity of definitely stating the amount of his contribution to the Fund. However, before I relate what hap pened after the Rev. Thomas Jolly's visit, it is necessary to the proper understand of my story to say who and what Mr. Timothy Brown is His father was chapman for Lord Henry Bullfinch, a noted landholder in the marsh country in south-east Lincolnshire, and he was a man of good Methodist ancestry. Timothy Brown, senr., had a practical knowledge of every branch of farming, and was an expert in the breeding and management of long- wool sheep. M uch of this knowledge he communicated to young Tim, and when that gentleman was but twenty years of age he was entrusted with the onerous duty of accompanying a shipment of highly bred Lincolnshire sheep consigned to one of our New England squatters. He arrived in Sydney in '55, and, shortly after conveying his charge to their destination, he took up land at Brownsdale, and has successfully carried on a mixed farm up to the present time. Now Tim was not a converted man when he arrived in Sydney, although he had been surrounded by godly influences all his life. But he was an uncommonly shrewd man, and he knew well enough that his old father's religion was the real thing, and had been of piiceless value to him. When, therefore, Tim had imported his old sweetheart, Fanny Welsh, of Romney Marsh, and had made himself a new and apparently permanent home, he began to feel the need of the ordinances of religion. So he offered the use of his old slab barn to the minister of a distant town as a new preaching place. A detailed history of Brownsdale would not interest my readers. It is sufficient to say that it soon became an important locality, and Tim and his wife were amongst the first to give themselves to God. They both were soundly converted and their home became a centre of godly enterprise, and continues to be so to this day. Mr. Tim Brown is a man of considerable means and frequently thanks God in his class-meeting experience -that ' godliness is profitable unto all things.' He is, and has been for years, one of the principal officers in the church, and, on the whole, is not a bad sort. His heated reply to the Rev. Thomas Jolly's invitation to head the list of promises for the Century Fund is not to be taken as entirely representing the character of the man. The fact of the case is he is a little bit eccentric in his methods of thought and action, and at the time Mr. Jolly encountered him he was feeling sore because a later generation of Methodists had decided in spite of his protests in the Quarterly Meeting, to build a new and more modern church in place of the one which was erected mainly by Tim's energy twenty years ago. However, Mr. Tim Brown had hardly passed over his threshold when a sweet, gentle voice said, ' What's the matter wi' tha father ? Who has ta bin a talkiu' to ? I thowt I heerd Mester Jolly. Why didna tha ask him to cum in ?' The voice within was Fanny Brown's, who, through age and rheumatism, was unable to leave her room without assistance. And old Tim, in spite of his temporary anger, softened as he appoached the chair of his life- long companion. When he had kissed her and smoothed her white hair, he said : ' Au nivver mind lass ; it's nowt ta worry tha about ; how is ta?' Now Fanny Brown is naturally a sweet and prudent woman. All through her married life she has been her husband's good angel, and in later years her saintly companionship has exerted a marvellous spiritual influence on the rugged and sometimes obstinate charac ter of her husband. But, from his reply to her interrogations, she knew that it would be useless to press him for further information. The sound of the Rev. Thomas Jolly's voice, however, had called her mind to the very matter which at that moment was troubling her husband. She said but little while old Tim was having his lunch, but when he had finished and sat beside her to have his usual half-hour chat before going out again to superintend the work of the farm, she put her thin hand on his and said. ' Hey, father, I've hed some blessed thowts while ya've bin out on tha farm. I've bin thinkm' about the little owd Methody Chapel i' Romney wheer tha fost time I set eyes on ya, ower fifty year ago-a, when ya ca-ame wi' yer dear owd father ta tha revival meetin'. I nivver thowt then as how ya'd ever be my dear husban', er that we should ever live in Australy. An' I've bin thinkin' about the time we bo-ath knelt ta-gither in the owd slab barn. Hey, Tim, what a marcy we bo-ath fun the Lord tagither ! An' we've bin on tha wa-ay now over forty year. Nobody i' Brownsdale hes more ta thank God fer than thee and me, Tim, an' I'd like us to do somethin' extra like for the Cent'ry Fun'. If th' Lord'll bless th' new chapel as He's done the owd an, thou'd like to hev a han' in settin' it up. Then theer's tha Com memoration Roll, Tim. I've bin thinkin' about it ' — Tim gave an uneasy cough, but did not further interrupt. — ' Ya see,' said his wife, ' it minded me sa much about the gre-at book ower names is written in i' heaven. 0, father, think of tha good Lord a writin' ower na-ames theer ! When thou an' I was a-cryin' about ower sins in tha owd barn forty year ago-a, an' gi'd ower sens ta Jesus, God sed ta tha a-angel what writes m tha book ' put down Timothy Brown,' fer thou fun tha Lord fost, an' a few minutes arter He sed ' Now, write down Fanny Brown ; ' an' when I thinks of tha scores that hev hed theer na-ames written i' heaven since we built tha little chapel i' Brownsdale, I wants ta see a bigger house o' God, an' I wants thee ta help to build it. An' I'd like ta knaw that thy na-ame is on the roll Tim; an' next ta thine'll be Fanny Brown, fer what's tagither i' heaven may well be tagether on earth. Then theer's tha two little-uns God took away fra us ower thirty year ago-a : thou might put theer na-ames on as well, fer — ' but Mr. Timothy Brown could bear no more. Abruptly referring to the time, he took his hat aud stick from the table and hurried out of the house. But Tim did not go to the men who were erecting the new barn, or to the men sorting potatoes in the- old one. He could hardly tolerate the presence of himself, much less that of others. He remembered that in his mortification at \ not being able, as heretofore, to have his own way in the Quarterly Meeting, he had determined that he would not j render any help to the Century Fund ; and that, while in this unhealthy state ; of mind, he had even been tempted to ; excuse himself by professing to be j financially unable to contribute. But j the. words of his wife greatly moved ! him. His conscience had been aroused, ; and he felt condemned and ashamed. | He gazed across his broad acres and saw everywhere what he knew were ; unmistakeable signs of prosperity. As ; he passed from paddock to paddock he i became lost in thought to everything ? but the matter that was troubling him. ; He had indulged in a spirit of. tyranny, and had been ready to revenge his failure on the Church of God. He who i had had so many proofs of God's favour had almost fallen into deliberate mis representation. The thought burned :- into his soul like hot iron. Ringing ; across a period of fifty years he could hear again his father's prayers. His \ thoughts went back to Romney Marsh where first he had seen one who, to '. him, was the b st of all women. He ' remembered their penitent confessions ; in the old barn when God first gave them pardon, and, in an instant, he fell upon his knees, penitent and almost ' broken hearted, behind a clump of wattles. * * ?* * It was almost dark when Mr. 'Timothy Brown returned to his home. He care fully avoided his workmen, and, when indoors, he said nothing of the struggle through which he had so recently passed. But the watchful eye of her who had divined his thoughts for forty years read him through and through, and when, after tea, he moved to her side and opened the big Bible from which he read to her every evening, the only intimation she gave that her soul was in his secret was, ' Oh Tim, let us bless the Lord.' An early visit was paid the next day to the parsonage, and for some days the Rev. Thomas Jolly seemed un usually happy. At- the preliminary meeting a few days after, the secret came out. There was a capital gathering, and the hymn ;I What shall we render our good Lord ' was sung with great earnestness and power. Mr. Jolly himself offered the opening prayer which had a ling of victory and gratitude in it from begin ning to end. Tben he called on Sister Brown who, as usual, had been wheeled in her chair to the meeting. And great was the power of the Holy Ghost given in answer to her supplications. When the Rev. Thomas Jolly stood up to explain the purpose of the meeting, the spirit of revival had already taken hold of many hearts, and, when he had intimated that he was ready to take names and amounts of contributions to the Fund, Mr. Timothy Brown was the first to accept the intimation. No one present except himself, his wife, and Mr. Jolly knew what he had so recently passed through, and with a knowledge of his systematic liberality, the audience gave him a hearty welcome. But, with an expression of pain on his face, old Tim put out his hands and cried, ' Oh friens, do-ant do that, I can't stand it. I do- ant desarve to be heer, an' I do-ant desarve to hev a guinea to give ta tha Fun'. I didna inten' ta give owt to it. I thowt more of me own dignity than I did of tha cause of God, an' I fell into tempta-ashun. Th'owd enemy got at me, an' after forty year of feghtin1 I neally gev in. But I bless tha Lord fer a good partner.' ('Amen,' 'Bless the Lord,' ' Hallelujah,' here came from many a heart which had cause to thank God for Fanny Brown) ' she showed me, wi'out sayin' so in words, as how I was wrong an' in sper ritual da-anger, an' I remembered how we bo-ath fun marcy tagither forty year agoa in tha owd barn, an' I went back agin ta tha fountain (praise the Lord) 'an' the Lord forgi'ed the iniquity of my sin ' (glory be to God) 'an' He's gin me ta knaw, what I nivver quite understood afore, what a great blessin' it is ta hev tha honour of givio' back ta Him summat of tha good things He's gin ta me.' It is almost needless to add that the meeting was both spiritually and financially a very successful one. Before it concluded, it was announced that the Brownsdale Circuit would contribute a thousand guineas to the fund, and the list pre pared for the Historic Roll was headed with four names as follows : Timothy Brown, 200 guineas Fanny Brown, 200 guineas In memory of our children : Timothy Branston Brown, 1 00 guineas Fanny Romney Brown, 100 guineas Fifty thousand conversions, or even one thousand, as a result of the Century Commemoration move ment would be an infinitely grander blessing than 50,000 guineas. Why not both ? 