SKETOItER. v DROWNING. 'Drowning is 8 pleasant death* is a remark constantly made by those who never gulped down sale water into the delicate tissues of their lungs. Twioe X have had the oppor tunity of judging of the alleged delights attendant on death by drowniBor : and on eaoh occasion my sensations, so long as sensibility remained, were the reverse of pleasant: were, indeed, so painful that I wonder if drowning, like the drugs of the pharmaoopceta, does not affect different individuals in a different manner. By some strangs mental process, the cause of whioh Xoannot explain, * he earlier of the experi ences X am aboat to relate remains by far the more vivid impression of the two, although the second was fifteen years later than the first. Every incident, emotion, and sensation of the earlier experience oonBtantly returns to me at nitrht. The seoond remains in oblivion unless I voluntarily and pur pcnely recall the circumstances to my mind, and then the picture called up is a conscious effort of the memory; not tbe vivid and stirring panorama of an event whioh even now I am involuntarily oompelled to witness anee», and from whioh I oannot escape by any effort of the will. The earlier incident, iu all its externals, Is commonplace enough. As a lad I was bathing in rough weather on the beaoh of a watering plaoe in Northern Franoe. Swept out to sea, I struggled, sank, beoame in sensible, and was saved by the oourage and skill of a gallant Frenchman— who wrote his name that day in my mother's New Testament as a memorial of the resoue. This was all. The oireumstunceB were ordinary. A thousand such may oooor every year. Psyohologioally, however, there are points of interest whioh arise principally from the faot that I remember all that happened dur ing a period of time whioh may have been i four or five minutes, but which appeared to be as many hours. Almost immediately X entered tbe water, the much- resounding roar of the waves struok me as desolating and sorrowful — fall of foreboding and terror. Afihamed of this fanoy, I instinctively but foolishly fought my way seawards, and was promptly out of my depth; not because I intended to ran any risk, for £ could not swim, bat beoause the strong current had scooped out a hollow in the sandy bottom, whioh had six feet of water on the top of it. Tumbled over by the waves, the oonoentrated agony of the moment when the water closed over my head for the first time oannot.be desoribed. It was the bitterest point of tbe struggle. Cruel and omnipotent force, without warn ing or reason, surrounded me, and my frantic aud determined efforts to escape only incroaeed the pent-up paBsion to cease* hold ing my breath and to inhale onoe more. I felt instinctively, as I writhed in the oold, black water, that if onoe I succumbed to the temptation to expel my breath, which almofit burst the rib3 in my angry efforts to retain it, the end would oome ; that I should be compelled to breathe inwards while covered with the pressing f-pU water. At this time I must have given way, and the dreaded stream of air-bubbles rose to the surface. A few weeks before X had watohed the drown ing of a oat in the clear water of a running stream. The animal was tethered to a stone, and had fought with upturned faoe for liberty. When the bubbles rose in a silver fountain from the corners of its mouth, it stood at the bottom swaying in the gentle current, turned over, and after one final struggle gave up the ghost. This soene came vividly before me. I thought of this wretched oat, and was half amused to think that my case was the case of the oat. There was no fear ; the actual oiroumstanoes filled my attention, and the piteous longing to escape and the inability of my efforts sud denly became subordinated t? the feeling of intolerable pain. Eyes, 'chest, limbs, were all one solid pain. Juut then 1 touched the Bandy bottom with my fingers and knee, and hastily snatched a handful of sand and water to thrust in my mouth to end this struggle for air. AU i wmtsd was to end the pain. No thought of death, except as an interesting and immaterial factor in the situation, came over me. It is true that 1 remembered that X should be mteaed when dinner-time oame and I was found missing ; and thinking of the home people. I thought of a blue tie X had left on a ohest of drawers in my bedroom, which I had intended to pat on. Then, suddenly, I found my eyes above water for a second, and I saw two blurred figures near. On this X sank again, and was ooneoiouB of relaxing effort and sinking out of a coneoioae state to one in whioh one dreamed without knowing what tho dreams were* Prom this I awoke in great pain in the oentre of a orowd on the beaoh, thither my rescuer had borne me. My first thought was one of infinite and unreasoning shame ; but the nausea caused by swallowing so muoh Bait water qniokly brought me baok to earth again. On the second occasion, many years later, I was swimming at some distance from the shore in the tropics, and when X turned in a homeward direction X found that the cur rent was too strong for me, and tbat, do what X could, I was being swept is an easterly direction; and as the coast line trended northward, this was equivalent to being taken out to sea. The sense of beiog onoe more in the dutch of an omnipotent and inexorable force of the sea overwhelmed me with dismay. I remembered with horror all the sensations that had attended mi earlier experience of drowning, and to this apprehension was added the knowledge that there was some, though not a great, danger from sharks. I looked shorewards and sea wards, and saw to my joy that a small ooral islet or rock, a few feet square, lay in an easterly direotion, and that by husbanding my strength it might be praotioable to reaoh it. Alternately swimming and floating, I was overcome by a terrible fatigue, and a? my strength failed I beoame conscious of the faot that a great disaster was at hand. Almost abandoning hope, X was involan* tarily interested in contrasting the sensa tions experienced under the shadow of the death that was impending with the feelings under similar ciroumstanoes fifteen yean before. It suddenly ooourred to me that if I shouted with all my remaining strength the sound might reaoh the shore, and tbat a oanoe might be manned and pnt out for my resoue, and might reaoh me in time. Al though I was not aware of the faot, my ories bad been heard. Half swimming, half drifting with the tide, I had managed to swallow snffioient salt water to produoe partial insensibility ; but by some good fortune, and almost unoonaoiously, it seems that X managed to reaoh the coral rook to whioh reference has been made. Although X felt no pain at the time, the sharp edges of the ooral growth severely out my hands and body, and I waB bleeding freely when overtaken by a boat whioh, without my knowledge, had put out to save me, I snd- denly beoame oonsoious of the presence of my resouers, and automatically grasped with a frantic olutoh the knife-like edges of the ooral fronds, whioh grievously lacerated my fingers. Whether it was tbe smell of blood or mere accident at the time when I was 1 lifted from the water into the oanoe, a shark I was almost touching me ; but the noise and splashing made by the men in the boat suo cesBfully frightened him away. 1 have no rcoolleotion of being lifted into tbe oanoe, bat was in a dead faint for some minutes. At no jime during this latter experienoe was I oonsoious of tho slightest tendenoy to Bur vey my past life, or to deplore the sips and failings whioh I share in common with the rest of humanity. It Is a remarkable instanoe of Shake speare's omnisoience that he refers to the pain of drowning in the oelebrated soliloquy of OJarenoe in the play of Biohard III. in a sense totally opposed to the popular con ception of ttm mode of death* and in exaot agreement'with my own experienoe. ' Oh lard methought, what pain it was to j drown/ What dreadful noise of water in mine ears ! What sights of ugly death within mine eyes ! ? ? ? ? ? and often did I strive To field the ghost - but still the envious flood Stopp'd in my soul, and would not let it forth To find tho empty, vast, and wandering air : But smother'd it within my panting bulk, Whioh almost burst to belohit in tbe sea.' s — Abnold White; 