The Wonder- Witch NOVEL. By m. g. McClelland. CHAPTER XVI.— (CONTINUKD.) Miss Vandan nodded enthusiastically. "She was enjoying herself immensely, and . minded to keep on with it. ' The hat inoident was good.' she affirmed — ' quite dramatic, and in oharaoter with the rest of the performance. Has Miss .Donovan recognized you, do you think f' Guthrie shook hiB head, and pulled at his heard meditatively. Time has gotten in stronger work along : my lines,' he said. ' From a beardless strip ling I've beoome a grizzled and well-nigh' . middle-aged man. I shouldn't identify my own past and present if I hadn't watohed the evolution. She bas no means of recog nition: There is no associating resemblance \- about me, and nobody here nses my Chris tian name, which is the only one she ever heard. Unless the old wonder- witch has \- kept me in mind, I make no doubt ehe'B for gotten me long ago.' The yonng lady did not agree with him. She knew very well that women are not . prone to forget pretty little adventtnes of whioh tbey themselves are the heroines. She made this plain to him, and then \- demanded information about the wonder- witch. 'You Sotherners imva bo many BignB and wonders that my braiu reels under them,' Bhe deolared. 'Rabbits' feet, and cross, marks in the path, and jack- boxes filled with dried snake.-, lizards, and bird- feathers, \- oonjure charms tun! luck signs, and death -and disaster portents, make a supernatural medley that Yankee oonsoiousneu doesn't readily assimilate. And the queer partis that so many intelligent people among you take the thing seriously and allow for it. What in heaven's name is a wonder-witohP She's a new species to me. Guthrie laughed amusedly. 4 The wonder- witch is the ring I gave Miss Donevan,' he explained. 4 We always oalled it that because of a legend oonneoted with it, and the representation of a neoromantio old orone on the signet.' The girl of tbe period leaned baok in her ohair and regarded her companion with undisguised admiration. ' You really are the most affording people I ever enoountered,' she deolared, frankly. 4 You are all survivals. Stick a pin in the other story, to keep the plaoe, and tell me, right here. and now, about the wonder- witch.' CHAPTER XVII. ' Many generations ago,' Guthrie began, 4 an ancestor of mine, a wealthy Magyar from the Carpathians, fell in love with a Romany girl, the grandohild of the queen of a powerful tribe of Tziganies whoBe head quarters were in that part of Hungary. Tradition desoribes the young woman as rarely beautiful, with wonder- bright eyes, and the soft- flowing speech of her people. The Magyar loved well, and the girl met his passion at flood ; but the old woman was adverse. There was among the 4Romany ohals a suitor whom she favored, and she sought by fair means and foal to bring the match about. Tradition is hazy as to whether the gypBy lover was' preferred beoause of tribal prejudioes, or whether there was some speoial to my anoestor. Certain it is that the old woman raged, and thwarted tho lovers in every way possible. She appears to have been a remarkable oreature— a wise woman, deeply learned in oooultism and many sorts of seoret know ledge. She was versed in the Blaok Art, a follower of Simon Magus and a praotiser of magio, so that, apart from her tribal position, she possessed an influence with the Tziganies well-nigh boundless. 4 Love, however, has a magio of its own, full of potency and might, so one blessed dark night the gypsy maiden and the Magyar disappeared together. 4 "Ti8 said that the witeh-mother cursed her descendant, then and there, with a ourse unique and terrible, laoing to the east, whence comes magio, and spreading hep arins, so that the very winds might bear her malediotion to its object. And the curse was that because the young wife had for saken raoe and kindred for love of the Magyar, her heart should know no other love, either of ohildren, or kindred, or nation, or friends, but under the weight of one dominanoe should petrify slowly, oom- presring and hardening like atone. 4 Through the old wonder-witch's in fluence, the curse was passed from tribe to tribe of the Tziganies until it penetrated to the bride'a hiding-place and wrought on her imagination to suoh a degree that she siokened. The Magyar did everything in his power to weaken or remove the impress ion, even to attempting to assassinate the oause of the trouble, but without avail. The idea of a petrifying heart had taken hold of the girl and was not to be dislodged. So insistent became her dread that, after the birth of her ohild, a boy with a Romany face and Magyar nature, for whom she oared nothing, the pair returned to Hun gary, hoping to propitiate the old wonder witon and obtain a remi-sion4 They had just as well have attempt d to remove the Carpathians with a glass lever. The author of their woe rejoioed in her power, and took fresh hold. She wrote out the onrse in a scroll, and would study it, placing herself frequently in the young wife's path and uvrhhiuu qv All w1iu uw uuger. 4 To make a long story short, au exoited imagination got its fell work ofeuperin- during disease, and the gypsy wife presently died for fear of dying. In that day the belief in magio held sway, and credulity and anperstition were leash hounds to be loosed at a neoroman oar's will. Tho girl was buriod aooording to Magyar usages, but it is claimed that the Romany ohals, at the instigation of the old wonder- witoh, spirited away her body, and that its ultimate zesting plaoe was known only to the gypsies. Her heart was removed and chemically treated so that petrification really muBjwiuo. 4 Whether or not the old woman Anally repented of the indirect murder, and sought to bring good out of evil, tradition does not state ; but it appears that on bis attaining puberty she presented the dead woman's sou- (and her own great- grandson) with a curious ring of hand-hammered gold, set with a strange looking signet, the substance of whioh no lapidist has ever been able to determine, or uould without resolving it to its original elements. The stone is heart- shaped, dolled red in hue, a ad delioately veined with a darker oolor. It is said to be a bit of the petrified heart. Upon it is engraved a perfect representation of the wonder- witch herself, with her fingers on tbesoroll. The catting is said by experts to be unusually Btrong and fine. 4 The magic property olaimed for this ring is that it iiiBnres oonstanoy in women. No woman, aooepting ib from a man, oan falter or tarn from allegianoe to him. The ring passeB from mother to bou, a mode of progress a trifle unnBual. It has on it a Romany inscription, a free translation of whioh is, 4 What I love, I desire : what I desire, I grasp : what I grasp, I hold-' 4 The Magyar's ion, being half Romany, found out all this from his mother's people, and transmitted it. He married a German, and his son an Englishwoman, and so to the final Amerioan mixture. The ring, with its history, was given me by my mower.' 4 Ana a very abominable history it is,' commented Miss Vandan. 4 Fanoy being betrothed with an obnoxious nit of bewitohed flesh instead of a nioe, wholesome diamond! It makes one feel orawlyand bedevilled only to think of it. And eighteen years ago you foisted this unoanny thing upon poor, unsuspicious Ruth Donovan ! Yon ought to be ashamed of yourself, Dr. Gutbrie ! To triok your own accomplice, after trioking your enemies ! It was a most shameless and outrageous . performance. Suppose you'd gotten yourself killed, and that deas woman had been oompelled to go through life spell-bound to eternal fidelity to a ghost! What sort of denouement would that have been f ' Gathrie parried her attaok gayly, de claring that to the ghost suoh a result would have been eminently satisfactory. He even audaciously maintained that, if the wonder- witoh had in truth guarded the position for him, she was an ancestress worthy of honor, as well as the ablest strategist of her oyole. Whereupon Miss Vandan entered the oounter-deolaration that Gathrie himself would be treasure-trove to .the heredity people, as demonstrating in his own person how suoh traits as malevolenoe and disregard will persist through unnumbered generations. They tslked a great deal of nonsense, those two, and with it all Guthrie's spirits improved to the point of considering his ease rather hopeful, and of feeling that, somehow, his hold upon Ruth was renewed. As for Miss Vandan, her brain actually teemed with plans and suggestions. For the first time in her oaresr she was visibly enfolded with an atmosphere of unoal- oulating romance. Her soul joyed within her, and every fibre of her being was set on the evolution of a suitable denouement. For the next day or so she and Gathrie were inseparable, and that their communion was satisfactory was evidenoed by the beatitude of their countenance. When Hngh Donevan reappeared, the young lady promptly took him into confidence, a proceeding to whioh Guthrie might have objected had he not caught a glimpse of the arcana of another situation. CHAPTER XVIII. Virtue has need to be its own reward, for in the reaction after a hard duty has been performed, if it were not for the approving conscience, one would have nothing. Even then the consoienoe must approve lustily in order to hold misery at bay and make duty appear worth the doing. From her point of view, going away had seemed to Rath the best possible course, and she had braoed up her nerves, held down her heart, and taken it gallantly. Daring the ride ap to the gap, the exeroise, change, and her brother's soriety had made it relatively easy to hold thought qnieeoent. Nor had the next day been bad, for her kinswoman was delighted to see her, and eager in the interchange of inquiries and accounts of looai happenings. Hugh's return home made a break also, for directions had to be given and messages sent to the servants. It was on the third day that the reaction set in heavily. Miss Randolph awoke with a blinding siok headache, for whioh the only remedy was absolute quiet in a darkened room. She was an intelligent woman and a good raconteur, with a fine store of observation and experience to draw on, and the gift of illustrative and sympathetic expression. The house seemed strangely silent without her, and Rutii wandered about- out adrift from her own usual occupations, and with no others to take their plaoe. This was misery's chance, and it straightway availed itself, ponaoingdown like a vampire and driving its beak into her heart with intent to sack thence the life- blood of courage and hope. Ruth had a .very bad time of it, made worse by the strength and soundness of her own nature. Her oode was so simple and yet so uncom promising : to love grandly, to trust generously, and to ' follow the diotates of eonsoienoe without skiriring or subterfuge — that was all of it. Enough, too, to give body and substance to suffering as well as to joy. Wearily and insistently she went over it all, love playing the gamut from exaltation, through wonder and pain, to rennnoiation, lingering miserably over tbe minor ohords until life seemed a dirge and strained heartstrings the fit instrument whereon to play it. And tha the pain was all needl6ssdld not mike -j it ono bit less hardto endure. To ber it was real and tangible, and the thought that it might be unnecessary never entered her mind. In the afternoon the innate gallantry of her nature reasserted itself, imposing a necessity for action. The atmosphere of the silent house seemed to smother her, and she ordered her horse. She must get out into the open and exeroise and weary her body, so that brain and heart might find relief in physical needs. An unacknowledged sentiment had caused Rath always to use gray oloth for her habits, but Bhe had yielded to convention ality iu the matter of head ge.ar. On this trip, however, she had worn Jack's slouch hat, partly from unexplained impnlse, and partly from deliberate effort at renewal of old association. For < the latter reason entirely, she rode a descendant of Lapwing and wore the wonder-witch's ring. On the way to the gap she had kept the talk on war topics, enouuraged Hugh to reminiscence, ana even drawn from the oloset of memory and duBted her own wild esoapade. The past, in very troth, was hers, aod in it, to her knowledge, was no other woman. So now, -in her ride of unrest, she in stinctively turned her horse in the direction of the ola.frame house whioh had witnessed the climax of her adventure. Itwasattuatod several miles from Miss Randolph's, and , during Ruth's former visits had always been oooupled, so that, although she had passed it occasionally daring the eighteen years, and was somewhat familiar with the exterior, she had never orossed the threshold siuoe that old time of Federal oooupation. The situation was isolated, and after the death, many years previous, of the owner, and tha dispersion of his heirs, it had been impossible o get suitable tenants for the old house, and it had gradually graded down, falling into worse and worse handB with eaoh renewal of oooupants. At the time of Ruth's last visit, three years before, it had been in possession of a lawless family of mountaineers, named Wakefield, a morose, evil lot, more than euspeoted of illioit practices. Daring this occupancy the house degenerated from mere unthrift and dilapidation' into the unmistakable aspeot of disrepute whioh a house oan aoquire when kept continually iu bad company It was suspected that the cellars were used as a depot for oontraband whiskey, but for a long time the suspioion went unverified. The population thereaway waB sparse, and the Wakefields were known to be keenly averse to interference, and, in both sexes, addioted to the swift use of fire arms, with great certainty of aim. (To be continued.) 