II. :apd it!” was';his con Marcfa yvjus the brightest. ’11 an3 9Sfs{gye was a’ joy . An artist who travels: a, great, deal na turally comes into contact ” with manv PC0^e’/"d sees odd happenings in different lands, but I could not forget Peculiar :experience, that talk • *e 41!1, Cogi-twitch • Et^nicr, and her siibsefiuent suicide • hat autumn 1 paid,:a. flving visit to . Jtfordaunt.: Nort^fbte-sterUni for It3 '' 1 feIt a *rlu'ill of horror as the .^ea™crPafsea «"*• the-gfeen-water be oeat.i whicn Marcia' Vghe was lyin" ‘ inM-WaS SU!- SUCi!:'.a?om4^morning? cold poking and windy,^vith the solemn her and isleLf^ m°^leSS by the banks ■ ^ North was a egged man in appear,; ^■■^r^SS&sgss; "■ a can't an: * ' . etant cry-, fcravest of xvith pvi - *e-! 1^tters|j^ce overflowing With expressions .pf happiness. . me snowiyoif-'her gh&bgraph.;" * • He led me. into his‘bedroom, up to a -■"|vafl? P°rtrait "?.d(>h hunS upon the , I couid not show you her photograph when you were here before,” he said, .for tiie only one I possessed had been eent, at her request, to a shop in Paris to be tinted. It got lost in transit, but this is copied from another of the same ■ Kind which I was fbrlunateienough to be able to obtain from the original photo grapher. Marcia never' iiked being taken; ■even her brother had no portrait of her.” ^•Thai he talked on rapidly was a com fort to me. for I could not have spoken \- a word at that moment. My brain was \- *n a whirl. I. could only feel the advisa bility of not stabbing his wounded heart afresh! . . . My . discovery might •.Clean joy or sorrow.for his future! For the portrait before me was not that of the girl with whom I had talked on board the boat. , • “She—she bad wonderful grey eyes,” I ourmured at last. “Not grey; hazel, almost brown,” said ; Mordaunt, thoughtfully. “Tell me, does : that look like the face of a woman who would ever, drown herself? My poor wild • darling!” i v i . \ : i “No, indeed, it does not';’’,; :.;. . nr. Marcia Vane’s death placed her brother in possession qf her fortune. Marcia Vane was not the woman who had com mitted suicide; from the Courtwich steamboat. These were the two facts which I bore in my mind every second of the day and night. Had Arthur Vane persuaded some already desperate wo man to kill herself while personating his sister? Impossible! Tet.some .explana tion must exist; and Vane should make it' to me some day! My journey to'Italy was postponed; I stayed in London until I heard, in De cember, thit Mr and Mrs Arthur Vane were spending their honeymoon in Cairo. An expensive journey for me!—but on Christmas Day I was standing on the steps of a well-known Cairo hotel, hav ing just made a call upon Marcia s brother. I had said nothing to alarm him; he had soon got over the first shock of see ing me, and I was resolved; to arrange a lonely meeting with him soon, when, at the pistol’s mouth, he should explain the mystery of Marcia’s disappearance. \s I turned quickly away I encounter ed* a lady who was ascending ‘.‘the steps It was Marcia herself—at least no—It was the woman,' calling herself Marcia Vane, who had talked with me -Stt'bqardsthe^Gourtwich steamboat. “Look dpt, Jfulla!” oried a girl whowas with her.; \ .Her eyes met mine—she turned white as a ghost, and would have liurried-in doors had-I not clasped her hand; as though in greeting. - “How do you do, Mrs Vane?” I said, aloud. (Julia Keswick, now Julia Vane, beyond doubt! My mind was beginning to unravei the mystery!) The companion had left us, so I added in a whisper: “You cannot escape me. If you want tq..bdy my silence come to this address, alone, in an-hour’s time, and with , a cheque for a. thousand pounds.” She glanced at my card, then flashed a look of gratitude upon me.' “I will come.” J She came. ' Directly we were alone she laid the1 cheque on the table before me. j ’’Marcia Vane will have to be-rescued," I said quietly. “Where is she?” j \- "You will give us time to escape with our money to a safe country before you communicate with her?” “If I interfere I can scarcely venture to make use of this,” was my answer, while fingering the cheque. “True; Marcia is in charge of a Dr and Mrs Murray in Paris; they have j several sham lunatics. I will order them' to release Marcia in a month’s time.” ' “How did you' manage in that steamer, you clever woman?” A vile light gleamed in her grey eyes.! “I did not go overboard, but dis guised myself quietly behind.my trunks, thrusting my .woman’s hat and cloak into one of them. Black whiskers and a green shade soon changed n face.” 1 “You were the sleeping Frenchman?” “Yes; no one saw him go ,on deck, but his ticket was taken all right, so the authorities were unsuspicious.” “Your motive was plain enough.” “No doubt. I loved Marcia’s brother, but we were too poor to wed, so I- plan-1 ned how to obtain Marcia’s fortune. Now my husband and I -will leave Europe for some spot where the law cannot touch us. That thousand pounds will pay you well for a month’s silence.” “I am perfectly satisfied,” I replied, tearing the cheque into fragments,as two detectives stepped from-.-behind a screen. , i “Trapped!” cried the woman, hoarse ly. ■ “Ay,” I said, “for Mordaun't North’s The real Marcia Vane was soon set I freer and it was ;my proud privilege to escort her down to Courtwich—by rail, j She had been well eared, for. a I-.shall never forget the radiance of Mo.rdaunt’s face as his eyes rested once, again on the original of his cherished ■portrait; indeed, my memory is not likely to part with any incident of that .tragedy on board the Courtwich steam boat. ; 