THE DOCTOR IN DISTRESS. ' Getting ' outside his pill-box of theoretic finance, Dr. MacLaurln presents a very sorry, '.(figure! . Sheer insistence on the -part of the! public for 1 something practical and : to the point drags him out. It Is a response on Tils part, to the call, Of a pure patriotism, he would say; and if that is so, pure patriotism muBt, call so loudly as to droivn the voice of pure reason. . Singleton saw the dqctor out , and' about wlth.'bls larger programme, and Singleton must have been much astound ed. as It listened and laughed, but was not convinced. Said the doctor, after Insisting on' his £760,000 a'year for the Federal Government, and for no better reason than becauso "we could not have a pauper Government," this money, and ail the money Federation will tajfo. out of you, will be raised "by a system of uniform taxation, rpan for man, all over the Commonwealth." Would any man twelve months ago have believed that ' Dr. Mac Laurln would have faced an audience and talked from the teeth outward In that fashion? 'Will Dr. MacLaurln contribute to the Federal revenue In the tame ratio with his groom, or Mr. Alex. Brown, who stood be- side him, "atone uniform rate, man for man," Willi his coal getters? Will there oe no more Federal revenue taken out' of a club dinner than a workinun's ton, or out of Lady Lucre's garden party costume than Mrs. Smith's afternoon \ frock? There cannot be. If the doctor's one uniform rate Is to be maintained. - There must bo a levelling up and down, and a now sumptuary code made to the measure .of the MacLaurln figures. Possibly, it Is some consciousness of the absurdity, or .the Impraetlblllty of his notions that' Impels the doctor to' be for ever Inviting his opponents to tread on the tali; of the coat of Ills figures. He has not lacked accommodation In that way, either; but is It not singular that lie- does hot feel . just now ' the stamp of 'the remarkably heavy feet of the Treasurers mf all the colonies? . The beginning and the end, of all Ills financial argument. Is; they'", will' have to borrow from us, we sliali have to be taxed to enable them to live. An additional IGs per head per annum will have to be con tributed in this colony, and that will go to qnable those other colonies ",lo keep up their extravagant rate of living." Did tlie doctor have no nightmare of the Treasurers of thoso other colonies on the night latter tha-t Sin gleton speech? Did not Queensland, with her £800,000 of surplus, come down on him with a thud? Did' Tasmania, with all her readiness ovefwon, and her future sure as that of New Zealand, of- charity abstain? Anil, In presence of that charge of exti'avagunt liv ing', did Victoria also most tolerantly with hold from troublesome visitation? Victoria, \\\;ho -.has done what New South Wales dares not do, cut down her expenditure, tlmt is, to the level of hor legitimate .revenue? Anil still the doctor cries for his Coghlan, like a child for a bottle, land will not under-' gland that Information more practical, sig nificant, and recent than anything Coghlan can supply Is here to Ills hand. If pure pat riotism will give simple-honesty a chance, the doctor's duly just now Is very plain. The statements of the Finance Committee, and his own amendments thereon, were .made on the facts available In May, 1898. Tasm'anla then had a deficit; New South Wales a surplus; Victoria wus In a had wny; und South Aus tralia just turning a corner, on the other- side of which she had had a bad time. But now all those conditions have marvejlousiy changcd; and, surely, it Is rather -from ithe conditions of the present than of the past' that we should forecast the future. If Mr. Coghlan, or any other, expert -handler 'of fig ures, could lend Div. MacLaurln - any 'assist ance In this way 'his services should not be grudged. For ignoring all the actual preg nant present, and ghost raising, or body- , howking in that dead past, he Is losing repu-1 tntion at a rate which gives some painful anxiety to those who .would ;faln hold the worthy m'a n in fair esteem. ' ' 