The Tomb of Jesus. Sermon by the L!atb Rbv. 0. H. Spurgeon. Couip; sod. the place where tho Lord lay.— Matt, xxviii. 6. Every circumstance connected with the lifo of Christ is deeply interesting to the Christian. Wherever we benold our Suviouiv He is woll worthy of our -notice. ; " His cross, His manger, and. His orowu Are big with glories yet unknown." AU his WQuvy pilgrimage, from Bethlehem's manger to Calvary's cross, is in our eye paved with glory. Each spot upon which Ho trod is to our souls cousucrated ut once, simply because there . tbo foot of earth's Saviour and our own Redeemer once was placed. When He comes to Calvary, the interest thickens; then our best thoughts are " centred on Him in tho agonies of orucifixion ; nor does our deep affectum per mit us to leave Him;' even when, tho struggle 'being over. Ho yields hp the ghost. His body, when it Is taken down from tho trpe, still is lovely in cur 'cyes — we fondly- linger around tho motionless clay. By faith we 'discern Joseph of Arimathea, and the; timid NicoricmuH, assisted by those holy women, drawing out the nails and taking down the mangled ' body ; wo behold thorn wroppiug Him in clean white linen, hastily girding Him round with belts of apices ; then putting Him in His tomb, and departing for the Sabbath rest. We shall ' on this occasion go where Mary went on the morning of the first day of the week, when, waking from her couch before the dawn, she aroused herself to be early at the sepulchre of Jesus. Wo will try if it be possible, by the help of Uud'e Spirit, to go as she did — not iu body, but in soul, Wo will stand ut that tomb ; wo will cxamino it, and wo trust wo .shall hear some truth-speaking voice coming from its hollow bosotn which will comfort and instruct us, so that we may sny of the grave of Jesus when wo go away, 44 It was nono other than the gate of heaven"— a sacred placo, deeply solemu, and sunctiiicd by tho slain body of our precious Saviour. 1\. Lob us exainino the torab. And, first, murk that it is . a costly tomb. It is no common grave ; it is not an excavation dug out by tho spado for a pauper,' in which to hide the last remains of his miser able and over- wearied bones. It is a priuooly lomb ; it is made of marble, cub m tho side nf a hill. Stand hero, be- Hover, and ask why Jesus bad such a costly sepulchre. Ho had no elegant garment ; He woro iv cout without soim, woven from the top throughout, without an atom of cm- broidery. He owned uo sumptuous pulace, for He had not where to lay His head. His sandals vrero not rich with gold, or studded with brilliants. He wns poor. Why, then, does He lie in a noble grave ? We answer, for this rouson : Christ was nnhonoured till He had finished His iKufforiiigs. Christ's body suffered contumely, shamcy spitting, buffeting, nud' reproach,' until He had com pleted His grout work ;v He was trampled under foot; He was 44 despised aud .rejected of men ; n Mun of sorrow, and acquainted with griof"; but the moment He had finished His undertaking, God said, "Fo more shall that bouy bo disgraced ; if it is to sleep, lot it slumber in au honourable grave : if ib is to rest, let nobles bury it ; lot Joseph, the councillor, and Nicodomus, the mun of the Sanhedrim, be present at tbo funeral; lot tho body be em balmed with precious spices ; lot ib huvo honour : it ha had enough of contumely, und shame, and reproach, and buffcUntr; let ib now. bo treated with .respect.", Christiau. dost thou discern the moaning ? Jolus, after He had finished Hi work, slept in a costly grave; for now His' Fathor loved and honoured Him, ainco His work wns done. But though it is a costly grave, it is a borrowed one. I see over tho top of it, 4 4 Sacred to tlic memory of the family of Joseph of Arim&thea;" : yet Jesus slept . there. Yes, Ho was buried in another's sepulchre. Ho who hud uo house of His own, and rested in the habitation of other men ; who had no table, but lived upon tho hospitality of His diuoiple ; who bor rowed boats in which to preach, und had not anything in the wide world — Ho was obliged to have a tomb from charity. Oh ! should . not the pour take courage ? They dread to b buried at tho expense of their neighbour ; but if their poverty bo unavoidable,- why should thoy blush, since Jcsu Himself was interred in another's grave ? Ab ! I wish I might have had Joseph's grave, to let Jesus ba buried in it. Tho grave, wo observo, was cut in a rock. Why was this? Tho Rock of Ago was buried in a rock— a Rock within a rock. But why ?. Most person suggest that it wu so ordained that it might be dear that there was no covort way hy which tho disciples or others could enter and steal the body away. Very possibly it was tho reuson; but, oh! my soul, cnust thou not find a spiritual rea son? Christ's sepulchre was out in a rock. It was not cut in mould, that might bo worn uwny bj' the water, or might crumble and fall into decay. Tho /sepulchre stands, I believe, on tiro to this day : if it docs not naturally, it does spiritually. Tho snine sepulchre which took the sins of raul, shall rake iny iniquities; for if I over lose my guilt,' it must roll olf my shoulders into the sepulchre. It was cut iu a rock, so that if sinner were saved a thousand years ago, I too can bo delivered, for it is a rocky sepulchre whore sin was buried— it was a rocky sepulchre of innrble where iny crimes were laid tor over— lmried never to havo a resurrection. You will mark, moreover, thnt toinb wan one wherein no other nam had over Iain. Christopher Ncs says, 44 When Christ was born Ho lay in a virgin's womb, und when Ho died Ho was placed in a virgin tomb ; He slept whero never man bad slept before." Tho reason was, that none might say that another person rose, for thorn never had been any other body there : thu a mistake of persons was impoH'ihle. Fur could it be said that some old prophet was interred in the place, and that Christ rose because he had touched hi bone. You remember when Klishu was buried, mid 'mf thoy were burying a man, behold he touched tho prophet' bones, and arose. Christ 'touched' no prophet's bones, for none had ever slept thero ; it was a new chamber wherein tho Monarch of tho earth did toko Hi rest for three days and threo nights. Do you notice tho grave cloths, all wrapped and laid in their places, the nupkin being folded up by itself ? Wherofore tiro the gruvo clothe wrapped up ? The Jowa said robbers had abstracted the, body; but if so, surely ihoy would have atoleu the clothes : they woufd never have thought of wriipping thorn up and laying thorn down so carefully ; thoy would bo too muoh in haste to think of it. Why was it, then? To mnnifcat to us that Christ did not come in a hurried manner. Ho slept till the last moment ; then Ho awoke ; Ho camo not in haste. They shall not come out in haste, neither by ' flight, but ut tho appointed moment shall His people come to Hun. So, at the precise hour, tho deoreed instant, Jesus Christ leisuroly awoke, took oft' His cerements, and camo forth in His pure and linked innocence ; perhaps to show us that as clot ho arc the offspring of sin, when sin was atoned for by Christ He loft all raiment behind Him— for gonnonts arc tho badgeB of guilt ; if wo had not been guilty, wo should never have needed them. Thou, tho nupkin, mark you, was 'laid by itself. The gruvc-ulothc woro left behind for over/ departed Christian to wour. But thu napkin was laid by itself, bccuusu the Christian, when ho die, does not need tlmt ; it is used by the mourner, aud, tho mourners only. 1)» our ascended brethren nnd sisters use it ? No ; ths rsird God luith wipod away all tears from their eyes. We staud und view tho corpses of the dear departed ; we moisten their fuoea with our tours, letting whole showers of griof fall on their heads : but do they woop? Oh, no. Could thoy speak to . us from tho uppor spheres, they would say, 44 Weep not for ine, for I am glorified. Sorrow not for me; I have left a bud world behiud me. and have .eutvrcd into a tw botttiV' . 2\. And now I would bid you stand and seo the place where the Lord ! lay, with oraotious of deep sorrow. Oh, come, my beloved brother, thy Jesus once lay therel He was murdered, and thou the murderer. L slow.. Him— this right hand struck tho | dagger to His heart. My deeds slow Christ. Alas ! I slow my Best Beloved ; I killed Him who loved mo with nn everlasting love. Ye eyes, why do yo refuse to voep when yo seo Joans' body mangled aud torn P Oh! give vont to your sorrow. Christians, for ye have good reason to do ho. I believe in what. Hart says, that there was a time in his experience when he could ao sympathise .with Christ that he. felt more grief at the death df Christ than he did joy. It seemed so sad a thing that Christ should havo to die ; and to me it . often . appears too great a price for Jesus' Christ.. to . purchase worms, with His own blood. It., seems too costly for Hira who is the Prinoo of lifo nnd glory, to let His fair limbs be tortured in agony : that the hands which carried mercies should be pierced with accursed nails ; that the temples that wero always clothed with love should havo oruel thorns driven through them It -appears too much. Oh ! weop, Christian, and let your sorrow rise. Is not tho price all' but too great, that your Beloved should for you resign Himself P Oh ! I should think if u person wero saved from death by another, he would always feel deop grief if his deliverer lost his lifo in the attempt. Simior, I want tfaeo to look nt Christ' sepulchre too, for when thou diestifa may have done thee great good to think of it. You havo heard of Queen Elizabeth crying out that she would givo an ompire for u singlo hour ; or, have you read the despairing cipr of the gentleman on board the Arctic, when it was going down, who shouted to the boat, f.Corno buck I I will givo you £30,000 if you will come aud take me in." Ah! poor mini, it wero hut littlo if he had thirty thousand world, if he could thereby prolong his life. 44 Skin for skin : yea, all Chat a mun bath will he give for his life." Some of you who can laugh this morning will bo dying, aud then ye will pray and eravo for lifo, and shriek for another Sabbath day. 1 Oh, how the Sabbaths yo have wasted will walk lileo ghost before you ! How will ye be made to Harrow and weep, bccuuae ye wasted prcoious hours, which, when they are gone, are gone too far evor to bo recalled ! May God save you from tho paugH of romorse ! 3\. And now, Christian brethren, 44 Come, 00 the place where tho Lord lay," to lenru a doctrine or two. What did you see when you visited 44 tho placo where the Lord lay"? 44 Ho is not here : for Ho is risen." Tho first thing you perceive, if you stand by His empty tomb, is. His Divinity. Tho dead in Christ shall rise first at the resurrection ; but He who rose first rose iu a different fashion. Thoy rise . by imparted power. He rose by His own. "Ho could not slumber in tho grave, because ho wah God. Death had no more dominion over Him. There, is no bettor proof of Christ's divinity than that startling resurrection of His, when He roRo from the gravo by tho glory .of the Father. Oh Christian, thy Jesus is a God : Bis broad shoulders that hold thee up are indeed Diviuo ; and hero thou hast tho best proof of it— because He rose from the grave. Behold this empty tomb. Oh true believer ; it is a sign of thino acquittal and thy full discharge. If Jesus had not paid the debt, lie never bad risen from tho gravo. Ho would havo laiu there till this moment if He had not cancelled the entire debt by satisfying eternal vengeance. Oh, beloved, is not that un overwhelming. thought? 41 4 It. i finished ! It is finished ! ' Hear the rising Saviour cry." The heavenly turnkey camo ; a bright angel stepped from heaven and rolled away tho ' stouo ; but ho . would- not have rionc'.RO if Christ had not done all; ho would havo kept Him there ; he would havo said, 4 4 Hay, nay, Thou art tbo sinner now; Tnou hast the sins of ail Thine olect upon Thy shoulder, and I .will not letTheogo free till Thou hast paid the uttermost farthing." In His going free I see my own discharge. 4 My Josh's blood's my full d isobar go." As a justified mun, I havo not a sin against me. If I woro to turn over God' eternal bonk I should seo ovcry debt of mine receipted and cancelled. One more dootrine wo learn, nnd with that we .will conclude — tlio doctrine of the resurrection. Jesus rose,' aud ns tho Lord our Saviour rone, so all His followers ninst rise.1 Die I must — this body must he a carnival for worms ; it must be eaten by those tiny canni bals ; peradveutura it shall be scattered from one portiou of tho earth to auothor ; the con stituent pnr tides of this my framo will enter into plants, from plants pas into animals, and thus bo oarricd into fur distant realm ; but ut the blast of the archangel's trumpet every separate atom of my body shall find it fellow. Liko tho bones lying iu the valley of ! vision, though separated from one another, tho moment God shall speak, each bone will creep -to it bone; then tho flesh shall como upon them; tho four winds of heaven shall blow, und tho breath shall return. So, let mo uie,. let beasts devour me, lot lira turn this body into gu and vapour; all its particles shall yot again bo restored : this very selfsame actual body .shall start up from its gravo glorified and made liko Christ's body, yot still 'be amo body ; for God hath said it. Christ's same body rose : so shall mine. Oh mv soul, dost thou now dread to die ? Thou wilt lose thy partner body u little .while, but thou wilt be married again in heaven ; soul and body shall again bo united before tho throne of God. The grave— what is it? It is tho bath in which the Ohristiun puts tho clothes of his body to hnvo thorn washed and cleansed. Death— what is it ? It. is the waiting- room where wo robe ourselves for immortality ; it is the place where tho body, like Father, bathes itself in spicc, that it may be fit for the einbvuee of it Lord. May we each and all be Htnong that white- robed throng whioh shall gather at lust around tho throne. Amen. 