HIS STEWARDSHIP. A REALISTIC NOVEL. Commenced in Tocsin of Jan. 12, 1899.) By Julian Sloane. (All Rights Reserved.) 'If there is ever a time to be ambitious, it is not when ambition is easy, but when it is hard. Fight in darkness ; fight when you are down ; die hard, and you wont die at all.' Part II. Chapter X. (Continued). ' Heart, Heart, Heart, keep thee still, Thou shouldst be as one dead : Thou must bow to the will Of thy liege lord, the Head. Head, Head, Head, cease thy thought, Logic of life's no part. All that is sane is nought When but whispers the Heart, Hand, Hand, Hand, thou'rt perplext, Head or Heart to obey : 'Do the right !' be thy text, Let which will show the way.' They were sitting together in a corner of the balcony above the stair- case, and as they talked Paul waited in vain for some sign of returning recog- nition. She was the same sweet Mar- got with a difference, the difference brought about by the mellowing in- fluence of a sorrow. When Paul men- tioned the songs to which she had herself set the music, he wondered if they would strike a chord in memory. ' O, songs !' exclaimed Margot, 'How charming. Were they ever set to music?' 'Yes,' said Paul tenderly, ' they were set to music by a young girl. We published one under assumed names. It was called ' Over the Storm-swept Sea.' Have you ever heard it ?' 'Over the Storm-swept Sea !' repea- ted Margot. ' I don't remember it. But perhaps it was a long time ago.' ' O yes,' said Paul, filled with disap- pointment, 'It was more than six years ago.' 'I would so like to see it. Have you a copy ?' 'Yes,' said Paul slowly, 'I have a copy here;' and taking out his pocket book, he brought forth a piece of thin faded paper, on which was the song and the manuscript of Margot's own setting. Surely this would awaken her memory ! She took the paper and softly hummed the song, ' Over the storm-swept sea My sweetheart sailed away, Leaving his heart with me, My comfort and my stay, Over the storm-swept sea The winds will bear my lay. Refrain : ' O winds that Ocean ride, Take these sighs that I have sighed And waft my sweetheart nigh : O waves of Ocean wide, Take these tears to swell thy tide And float my sweetheart nigh. ' Over the Storm-swept sea The wavelets dance all day— The winds blow fresh and free To whisper what I say : Over the Storm-swept sea The waves will bear my lay. Refrain : ' O waves of Ocean wide, Take these tears to swell thy tide And float my sweetheart nigh : O winds that Ocean ride, Take these sighs that I have sighed And waft my sweetheart nigh.' ' How pretty !' she said, ' and how strangely familiar.' Paul's eyes filled with tears. ' You will think me strange, Mr. Cross, but do you know that, although I never, ever remember hearing that song before, it has haunted me for years. I suppose I must have heard it once and forgotten, and the ghost of it has remained in my mind.' 'Do you like the music?' said Paul softly. ' Very much, it is such as I feel I might have written myself. I don't mean that I could write anything so beautiful, but that it expresses exactly the impression that the words make on my mind. But what a long time we have been talking !' she said suddenly. 'I am so glad to have met you, Mr. Cross,' she went on, holding out her hand, ' I hope you will win. Will you call on me when it is all over !' Paul bowed in acquiescence, and with a ' Thanks' Margot, whisked away. Paul sadly went out into the night. He seemed to be as completely oblitera- ted from her memory as a day is blotted out from Time. Would he be able to win her love again ? Was it free to be won ? When he got home he found a letter from his brother Warwick to say that he was coming to Melbourne. He was in Queensland, and had not been home since his father had died. Paul knew that his coming would mean explana- tions, and he dreaded the ordeal. Chapter XI. ' In the distant long ago, 'When life was at its spring, And love began to grow With the flow'rs and everything — I had then no thought of woe, Nor fear of Autumn's fall — In the distant long ago Love, hope, were mine, and all.' * * * These were busy days for Paul, for the ' Foghorn ' still claimed his ser- vices, and the business of electioneering gave him plenty to think about and do. The issue had resolved itself into a struggle between Individualism and Socialism, which was just what Paul sought at the commencement. In Sheldon he had a sturdy combatant, and the speeches interchanged covered the whole ground of advanced and broad-minded political thought. Paul had the arsenal of Socialistic literature to draw upon, and in it perhaps had a surplusage of ammunition, whereas Sheldon chiefly relied upon the heavy artillery of Herbert Spencer, with, which he was often able to effectively retort upon the brilliance of his op- ponent. At first the contest was con- ducted by the candidates with scholarly dignity, courtesy and restraint, but the introduction of topical illustrations of argument, though popular, naturally generated heat between the opposing politicians, and imparted a dash of bitterness to the fight. These elements, especially so far as Paul was concerned, were destined to bring about fateful re- sults. All the while Paul's thoughts were more of Margot than of Parliament, and they were golden days in this season of his life when he happened by chance to meet her and for a space breathe the same atmosphere. Once he met her at Ellpike's Exhibition of Pictures, and they enjoyed a delightful half-hour together in the study of this strong Australian Artist's work, and in talk about Art in general. They were in- terrupted by the entrance of Sheldon, who came with Margot's mother and father, at the sight of whom Paul, with an exchange of amused smiles with Margot, made a hasty retreat. On another bright Autumn day Paul, having seen the ' Foghorn' to press, tramped down to Studley Park intend- ing to stroll under the gums and along by the river to think over in the sunny solitude his speech for the evening. But at the bottom of a hill near the water's edge he came upon Margot painting, and he abandoned himself to the luxury of her companionship. ' Can I lie here and watch you, Miss. May,' he said as he silently came up on the soft grass behind her. ' O, Mr. Cross, how you did frighten me,' she said with a start, and smiling and blushing prettily. ' I've been here quite a long time watching you at work,' said Paul. 'Well that was very mean of you. Why I might have had to swear.' ' Shocking ! Do you ever have to swear ?' ' O yes,' laughed Margot, as she dabbed the ochre on her canvas. ' I find that a 'damn' now and then helps me a lot. Only a very little one you know. This sketch has been an awful bother. I started it last week, and the Autumn tints on the willows have quite changed. They harmonised so delightfully with those goslings. They're to be the chief thing in the picture, you know.' (To be Continued Next Week.) 