baptist union. ANNUAL ASSEMBLY. CLOSE OE TIIE" SESSION. The annual assembly ot tue uapiist union in New S.outH Wales concluded yesterday, after a session lasting for a week. In the morning a ministers' retreat was held at. Uydalmero, whero the ministers of the deno mination were tho guests of Mr?. Weeks White. After a devotional meeting, an exposition of the parable of the leaven was given by the Rev. S. Sharp (in tho absenee of tho Rev. W. A, South well through illness). An animated discussion followed. In tho afternoon the Rev. Dr. Porter and the Rev. F. E. Harry were the chief speakers at a homllctic conference. Last night a social tea and evangelistic, ser vice took place at the Baptist Church, Parra- matta. A number of vocal items was rendered In an attractive manner, and interesting addresses woro given by the Revs. S. Harrison and C. T. Way. CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR ANNUAL RALLY. The annual rally of the Baptist Societies of Christian Endeavor was held in tho Harris- street Baptist Church last evening. There was n crowded audience, and Mr. F. R, King, and later the Rev. Dr. Porter, occupied the chair. Miss Lamb, of the Indian Myinon Singh Mis sion, gave an interesting address, in the course of which she repeated several texts In Bengali. An enjoyable programme, consisting of songs nnd recitations contributed by representatives of a)l the societies, was presented. The Rev. S. Sharp submitted the annual report as laid before the assembly. Prizes for an essay in connection with the movement were presented to Miss Una M'Lachlnn, Harris-street, and Mr. F. Scarl, Petersham. The first prize was awarded to Mr. W. H. Jackson, Burton-street, but he is at present on his way to England. The Rev. A. J. Waldock, In an address on "What wo are aiming at," laid particular stress on the efforts that were being made by Chris tian Endeavor Societies to assist young people to live Cbrlst-like lives. The aim of all their societies was tho regeneration and sanctillcation of the young. The Rev. F. E. Harry spoke on "Our Equip ment." He said they all believed In aggressive work, and tho first part or their equipment was a resolution to do the best they could. For an intellectual equipment a firm grip of the doc trine of grace wis necessary. In the work sym pathy was an essential, and this power should ho cultivated, and the efforts made should bo con stant and not spasmodic. Tho great essential, however, was a boundless love for tho Master, nnd the endowment of the Holy Ghost. Great enthusiasm would thus result, and their progress would be steadily forward. Tho silent roll call was responded to by tho members of the different societies present rising in their places as their society's name was called. The Rev. Dr. Porter said, In his closing re marks, that they ought all to rejoice bccauso of ine goou wont in wimm uiuy wuru uugacvi. no believed that a man who was devoted to the work of Christ occupied a higher position than any mortal man who was "not tho bond-slave of tho Lord. The moro they submitted to God's will, tho moro exquisite would bo their joy in Hfe. Nothing could take the place of the surrender to the Divine will. They should be careful to follow tho teaching of Christ, and not think that they wore so doing while at tho same tlmo they followed the bent of their own desires. No vic tories were possible without tho assistance of God, and to Him was due all tho credit. Tho Apostio Paul lived a grand lifo, but he bclioved that as there were limits placed on his work, It- was possible to do even more than Paul accom plished. " 