N.S.W. Parliament in Session. POLITICS AND PILLS. By Omkca. Sydnky, April 14. It was the proud boast of the late lamented inventor of Holloway's pills, that they tilled & long-felt want.' Before him, others had expressed the same opinion of their own nostrums, but none in such happy and epigrammatic language. But Mnce Mi^H olio way's time the phrase has ' caught on '—to use another and almost equally happy colloqualisrn— and every vend of pills or tonics blazons out to a ? ?redulous world old Holloway's anthem: O Lord, k fill* a h ing-ii4t-W4Utt : the price is two and nine. &c.; * «_. . * But as Cantain l-unce sagely remarked of another remarkable saying, the wisdom of this lies in the application of it. * * * Let us then apply it to the present political situation m Her Most Gracious' colony of Xew South Wales. For we have always held that no projnjsition is worthy the attention of the philosopher unless ft be capable of universal application. Let us then test the immortal Holloway's aphorism, born by a triumphant applica tion of the most lofty science to the humble pill, to politic* as tliey strike us in New South Wales. Now, at first, there would not appear any generic connection between pills and poli tics, and that therefore such a test would !** grossly unfair. But if we peck a little beneath the surface the superficial unlike ness disapiiears and we see at once a strik ing family ivseniblanee. In the first place, the pill is an emblem of faith. You must place unwavering con fidence in the nil! You don't know any thing more about its construction than you do about the Cosmos, but you .simply have to -believe in it with all your heart and -ml. Could anything bear a more extraordinary likeness to politics ? The average man knows less about them than he (lews about pills, but he takes a dose of one as readily as the other and with the most childlike faith in their virtues. Then, again, most pills are .sugar-coated, for the double pur pose of disguising their peculiarly ferocious and destructive nature and to increase their mystical character. And any politic worthy of the name must lie presented with a plentiful coating of sugared and m\ stical oratory. ? # # But _u is not a thesis upon either politic* or pills, or everTTheir relations to each other, that we propose to write, but simply to apply good old Holloway's plain state ment to things as thty are in this colon v. * # # Now to this end we will at once plunge into the middle of our subject hy the l«ild announcement that Parliament i- a-ain open and that the Federal Bill i^rhnmgh the Lower House and sent to that plan known euphemistically as 'I'p Above' for final treatment. * ♦ * What they (we allude in this uMiqu^ and unceremonious way to the august l^-intrs who hang out 'I'p Above') will do with it we make no pretence of knowing or paring. It is sufficient for one to chronicle the bare and undeniable fact that they are going to deal with it. When, we do not precisely know, but possibly next w^k. certainly this century. # # « But it is not to this particular phase that we wish to turn old Holloway to account. Federation is a great question, hut we are having in this colony too much of it. ' Home, Sweet Home.' is a sweet song and a pathetic one, but when you hear your nrigMxHir'-s-prvci-tiww--dflUght-*ir dilig^ntJy pounding it Out on the piano for four hours per day one loses onefs affection for the sweet pathetic old thing. So it is not ? exactly about F. deration we desire to *ay a seasonable word, but about the great, the transcendent, the hysterically exacting question of Want, Jack Want! Our Ion - missed WanL Our erring Attorney (jreneral, whose usual bourne i.s Japan,, but who on this memorable occasion, left for the Soudan and, after a protracted and painful silence, spoke to his loving and dis tracted friends from London. And oh ! the irony of it, when he spoke they wished he had been silent, for was not his utterance that of one who intervileth the scarlet person and who.se discretion is run right out '^ Why did he leave the Soudan? Were the Sphinxes (how do you spell the female ot ?Sphinx) unkind? * * * We are unable to offer any solution of this mystery. The fact remains, solemn $y and irrevocable, that our .Jack, our long not-felt want re-appeared in London and' thence despatched to the Anti-Bill League his opinion of the Federal Bill ' Awaiting particulars, hut this Bill apparently wor.-e than the last,' thus ran our wandering one's message and so complete an abandon ment of what is sometimes technically known as 'the show' was never made I w-f ore. * * * 'A long felt want,' said the ancient Jjolloway and his modern successors. ? It_Li_ _ his friends devout prayer that he may lung remain unfelt, unseen, unheard. ' TVv would not have our Want filled by anything less deadly than ajanide or Queensland rum. What they want done to their Want is not to fill him, but that he may himself fill some shady spot in England's 'remot^-t cemetery. ?H. Jtf. _M They let our Want go ! We though: (we speak now for his friend Reid) it he-t that his sweet nature should not beexpo-»jd to the quips and cranks of those who Low not the knee to the Federal Baal ! And now! ah! thou ingrate: may the god-dn unto thee ? But we have no right t intrude upon the private grief of any man : and though the sad ravings of his delud'-d chief are full^f interest, we will n--\ longer listen to them. Others, however. a»v not so considerate. Every day men spring up wildly to their feet and ask in clarion tones for hews of Want. Such determination to know one cannot help I -'-it admire. Yft Reid wears but a sickly smil and .shakes his ample head, or return- in quavering tones very ghosts of his former joyous notes- -some evasive answer. hi the meantime we hear no more from -*\i long unfelt Want. Like the sphinx of hi Sondanese desert, he speaks but once. # # # But is to be our verdict upon the uni versality of the Holloway apothegm ? Regretfully we declare against it. M^rit undoubtedly it possesses; but only within certain limits. When applied toth^ca— of our Want it fails for it is not a long f*.-lt want that troubles us so much— although we have to pay him °v--n now — hut un unfelt one. And as we have remarked hi best friend desires no one to fill him with anything more healthy than lead or pru-^iV acid. How will it pan out? Arthur Moi-an for Speaker and Joey Bell, Chairman if Committees, in the new Parliament. Tombstone Petrie appointed to the pro posed Public Works Committee to whi«h tli blatant .Tack Annear may act as --haii ma)). The rush for the spoils of office ha set in. 