LITTLE FOLKS. AUNT DOROTHY'S LETTER. My dear Nephews and Nieces— £~ou will be glad, I am sure, to know » that I have received Mr. Thomas's account of juggling in India and that you are to have it to read this week. Mr. Thomas in his letter/gives some interesting particular's about the way people live in India, but to give them this week would make my letter top long. Shortly I hope to be able to let you read them. Now for the juggling. Mi'. Thomas says:—I was walking on the parade-ground in Poonah one day when I saw a Hindoo, a native, with a large round basket on his back, and walking by his side was a smart little_ boy of about six years of age. After a time he sat down on his heels. The natives of India like sitting in this, way in a circle, and hold long meet ings without getting tired; generally hav J.nSa iarPie "hubble-bubble" or pipe, stuffed iull of all sorts of things, rags, &e.;, which i 111 both hands and blow through a hole at the side, making a queer noise and smoke. They take it in turns to smoke, and enjoy it immensely. Well, the wizard turned, the basket upside down on the hard road, and soon there was a crowd - of soldiers watching him. I rSa -?ne °f them then. The win &0y A S°t under the basket, i i i a;-.er e kttle boy was under the .pasket (it was a strong basket about 3 ft. m diameter and about 2 in height) the juggler placed a black cloth over the top and spread it out. It was a cloth like you fvi +a Photographer use to shut out the ~ nJ0CU^,nS,t0 take'a likeness. After spreading out the cloth he put a stonq on the top of it.- The stone was TW, ¥ an ordinary loaf of bread, i. hen he looked round and held his hand 0UA tor money, saying "Pice, sahih'; pice sL^VRo{d'amngv. "Capers, sir; coppers! £ have very few coppers to " " ?Veil' I1? Juffgler succeeded in collecting about 3d. or Id. in English eEn^h- money is n°t used 1 <w?'i the oo/Ps m currency are the' gold mohur (which you seldom see) +J?erl ruP.ee>" then "anna," then pice' shells) Th^w?'"fheaj lC0WTie" /small' I sneiisj. lhe juggler found he could collect patient2' He Inn? sff\ers were Settmg im fn ^ i looked like a martyr, having =™p° SUch a clever trick for so T, a7n, amount. He then faced TOirH™6- an commenced to chant w eird, curious songs, or incantations, with throaWt^-hn0156 ' tkr?.ugh hLs nose and , throat, at the same time mysteriouslv1 twisting a wand or thin cane round and round the top of the basket. "What is he e.oing to do. I said to one of the soldiers. . JJo. He is agoing to send that bloom ing young -un out of sight. Watch him; you watch him," said the soldier. I pressed . round- with the others, having heard so '■ much about these wonderful jugglers, and fried not to wink, so as not to miss seeing I the boy disappear. Some of the men had seen the juggler do it before and were de termined hot to be done, so walked delibe- I f^ciy UP to the basket, and lifted it up. J the little fellow was there, sitting on his heels, quite contented. "Lift the kid up," said one. Lift him; hand him round," said another. The little boy didn't mind; he was used to it. The soldiers were careful nokto hurt him. The boy was put down again and put under the basket. "Watch that side, Bill; 'Look out, there, Pat;" u i°A?amCi . and I'll -watch the i basket. The sharp eyes of the soldi'ws now were intently fixed on the basket, with the cloth and stone over it. The strange cu rious noise of the juggler was heard again then stopped, then he looked up and said' ' Atcha, sahibs" (meaning "Are you ready' are you satisfied?") "Look, sahih," he said. A soldier lifted the basket and there was no boy under it. I can remember the looks of some of the men when the' boy was gone : : intense wonder and surprise. "See him, Bill ?" said Pat. | "bioa, didn't come my way. Did you see un. Pat?" "No, Bill; it's a banshee! sure?" All sorts of conjectures were heard, many ' of them very funnv. "Chub rows, sa hibs; chub rows, sahibs," said the juggler meaning, "Silence, sirs; silench, sirs."%hen he called in a loud , voice, "Azzaree, Az zaree." In a few seconds there was a child's voice answering two or three hun-1 • dred feet away, -and in a ' short time he bounded (the little ' hoy) into the ring again as fresh as a ' young antelope. The soldiers lift ed him up again, and were satisfied that it was( a boy and no "banshee" (ghost.) 11 will give Is. 6d., Is., and fid. to those that \- will .guess the nearest to how this juggler does the trick. I would like to say that I cannot "prove" how it is done, but I i wilPgive the opinions of clever men and j ' experiments tried.—I remain yours truly, J. Thomas. P.S.—This is not the puzzle I promised. ' I am sure, my dears, that you will have found the description of Indian j'uggling which ivlr. Thomas has so kindly sent for you very pleasant reading, and also, that you will be thankful to him for his "offer to give prizes to those who make the the nearest guesses as to "how it it is done." About this I will say something a little further down.. Now I will give you the letters chosen this week from ' . ; MY LETTER BAG. ' Tarcowie, April 26, 1639. ' ; Bear Aunt Dorothy—It is a long time since Ij : kit wrote; to won. I .have not many, nets to- tiu you about—only a pet cat, «id slie cornea some times and rattles the door for something to eat; and a pet cow. 1 go to school, and I am in the second class. I have four brothers going to school with me. We have over three miles to walk- to school. I have five brothers and three sisters. My sister Ivy is a little cure; she likes new milk. We had a little rain up here, but we want more yet. My oldest sister is not at home. ShC is down at- Auntie Ellen's place. 'When she wrote up she said that she saw the train every day. My brother Edgar is sending a penny and I am sending 3d. for the Home. We like read ing your stories very much. I hope my letter will ■ be good enough to print.' I have no more news at present, so I must close with love to you and Uncle George.—I remain your loving niece, ; ALICE ETIIEL WATKINS. My age is 12 years and a month. I was very pleased to; hear from, you again, my dear Alice, and to know that you | like reading the stories I write. for my nephews and nieces. What „ a smart cat you have; I suppose you are very fond of her. . If you have not many pets, my dear Alice, you have plenty of- or others and ' sisters to play with. I see you have a| good distance to-walk to school, but as you have company on the way . I suppose you do not mind the journey. I hope you will soon have as much rain as you need. No doubt it was a treat for your dear sister to see the train every day. Thank you, my dear Alice, for your subscription for "Minda," and' will. you please thank your dear brother for his. Aon will have seen that these subscriptions were acknow ledged in last week's list. Allandale East, April 25, 1099. Dear Aunt Dorothy—I have one sister going to school. ' Her name is Hilda; she is in the first class, and I am in the fourth class. We have one mile and a half to go to school. Hilda is 7 years and 11 months, and 1 am 11 years and 11 months. I wrote to you before, but my letter was not pub lished. We go to the Kingsley school. We had a picnic on the 7th of April, and it was very , nice. But 1 hope my letter will be published this time. We have a goat, and we like her very [ much.—I remain your loving niece, f ■ may KEKEWICH. You have quite far enough to walk to school, my dear May, though not nearly so far as many of my nephews and nieces; and then you have company, which some of them- have not. You see, my dear, it is well to persevere if you fail. in any thing for which you .try. This is shown in a small way by getting your letter j printed after having failed in your first attempt, I hope this will encourage you, \ my dear, not to give up trying if you should not at first succeed in anything you attempt. As you say the school pic nic was* very nice I suppose you had a | happy time.; At any rate, I hope you did. Narridy, May 2, 1S99. Dear Aunt Dorothy—It is a long time since J wrote to you, so I think I will write again. I am in the second class. I got the. prize for lessons Inst quarter. I have a new teacher. We have two shell parrots and a lamb. My brother picked it up on Sunday, and wc think it will live. I must now close witli love to you and Uncle George. I am your loving niece, OLIVE NICHOLLS. I am 10 years old. I am sending 6d. for "Minda." I am glad you decided to write to me again, my dear Olive, after your long silence. I congratulate. you, my dear, on having received the prize for lessqns last quarter, and wish that you may continue to he successful at school, and that you will like your new teacher. I hope you ■will succeed in keeping the lamb alive wbick your brother found, and that it may prove to be a nice pet. Thank you, my dear Olive, for your subscription foi' "Minda." i Minlaton, April 23, 1899. Dear Aunt Dorothy—I am another new nephew that has never written to you before, I will noiv tell you about my pets. I have two rabbits (a yellow-one 'and a yellow and white one), three pigeons, and one cat. I have three sisters and two brothers. We have had a little rain to-day, and I hope we will get some more. I am sending 2d. in stamps for "Minda."—I remain your loving | nephew: _ . JOHN COOK. My age is 10 years 11 months. I am very pleased to welcome you as a new nephew, my dear John, and I hope to bear from you again. Take care, my dear, that you do not let your rabbits | escape. Just think of the mischief rabbits do when they run wild; and take warning. So you have bad a little rain. That is a good job; but I hope before I bear from you again that you may have as much as you require. Thank you, my dear John, for your subscription for "Minda." It was, as-1 suppose you have seen, mentioned in last week's list. Belton, April 25, 1S99. My dear Aunt Dorothy—It is a long time since I wrote to you. As I did not see my last letter in print I thought I would try again. I am going* to try lor the tenth letter competition. X have two pets—a cat and a magpie. The cat is so funny. He runs away and hides when any stranger comes. The magpie whistles "Pretty Joey," and topes to say "Walk off home." He.is better off than many other pet birds. He has two homes. He goes over to our neighbor's, stops over there all day, and then comes home in the evening, and flies up on our shoulders; and wants to go to his roost. Father came home a month ago. He stayed a week _ and then went down to Yacka. Through the had times he has to be away a long time.M am sending 6d. in stamps for "Minda." I hope my letter will be good enough to print. Now, dear aunty, I must close, or my letter will he too long. With love to you and Uncle George, I remain your loving DI6Ce' EVA EMILY RICKETTS. My age is 11 years and S months. I am glad, my dear Eva, that you did : not give up writing because you did not see your last letter _ in- print. ■ That is rather., a strange thing for a eat to do, is it not ? ■ I have never before heard of one.doing the like. What a lucky maggie you have, to be welcome at two homes. There are not many birds so lucky as - he | is. It is a pity that times are so bad, my dear Eva, that you are deprived of | the company /of your dear father. I hope, for your sake, that they will soon improve. Thank you, my dear Eva, for your sub scription for "Minda." Allandale East, April 25, 1S99. Dear Aunt Dorothy—I never wrote to you he fore. 1 have one sister; her name is Bertha. She | is in the juniors, and I am in the fourth class. We have one mile and a half to walk to school. Bertha is 7 years and 2 months. We have two dogs, one puppy, three cats, seven fowls, and one pony. I am now sending you Id. for the weak- I minded children. We ihad a picnic in the Kingsley ! school on the 7th of April and it was very nice. I hope my letter will be published.—I remain your loving niece, AGNES SEWART. Aged 11 years 11 months. Welcome, my dear Agnes, as a new niece. I see you have a good share of pets, not counting the seven fowls; hut if you include them you have what is known as a "baker's dozen." I am glad you bad a good time at your school picnic, and hope you may enjoy many more such outings; Thank you,.my dear Agnes, for your sub scription, for 'Minda." The letters. I have given you this week, my dears, form the seventh hatch in con nection with THE TENTH LETTER COMPETITION. And now I want to say a few words about Mr. Thomas's offer of prizes. You will have seen that he promises three prizes to those who make the nearest guesses as to how the trick which he has described is done, but he does not say any thing about the time to be allowed in which to guess. Seeing what a very diffi cult question it is to answer I think plenty of time should be given, and I have there fore decided to keep the competition open for eight weeks. Letters containing guesses will therefore have to reach me not later than Tuesday, July 11. I do not mean by this that guesses are not to be sent in be fore that time, but that none will be allow ed to compete which come to hand later than that. I want you to send in what ! you think is the answer as soon as you sup pose that you have found it. Hoping some of you will he able to guess something near what is thought to he the correct answer, I remain, mv dear nephews and nieces,'-. Yours most affectionately; * AUNT DOROTHY. 