THE SECOND COMING OF CHRIST. By D. L. Moody. St. Paul declares that " All Scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profit- able." But some people tell us when we take up "Prophecy," that it is all very well to be bettered, but there is no use trying to understand it. If God did not want us to study the prophecies, He would not have put them in the Bible. There is hardly a Church times does not make a great deal of Baptism, but in all of St. Paul's epistles believe Baptism is only spoken of 13 times, while they speak about the Return of the Lord 50 times, and yet the Church has had very little to say about it. Now I can see a reason for this. The devil does not want us to see this truth, for nothing would wake up the Church so much. The moment a man takes hold of the truth that Jesus Christ is coming back to receive His followers to Himself, this world loses its hold upon him. Gas stocks, water stocks, and stocks in banks and railways are of very much less consequence to him then. His heart is free, and he looks for the "blessed appearing" of the Lord, who, at His coming, will take him into His blessed kingdom. Now, do' not take my word for It look this doctrine up in your Bibles, and if you did it There, bow down to it and receive it as the Word of God I do not know why people should not like to study the Bible, and find all about this precious doctrine of the Lord's return. Perhaps one reason is that some have gone beyond prophecy, and tried to tell the very day He would come. That the angels do not know that is something the Father keeps to Himself. It is the attitude of the Christian to be always looking for his Lord's return.' God does not tell us w him He is to come, but Christ tells us to watch. He is to come suddenly and unexpectedly. " Be ye also ready, for in such an hour as ye think not the Son of Man cometh." Some people say this passage refers to " death," but the Word of God does not say that it means death ; Death is our enemy, but our Lord has the keys of death. He has conquered death, hell, and the grave, and at any moment He may come to set us free from death, and destroy our last enemy for us. There is another mistake, as you all And if you send your Bibles carefully. Some people think that at the coming of Christ everything is to be brought to an end in a few minutes. But I do not so understand it. The first thing He is to do is to take His Church out of the world. He calls the Church His Bride, and says He is going "to. spare a place for" her, and when the place is reed) He will come and take the Church to Himself. St. Paul saw, " If (we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so also them which sleep in Jesus will God bring with Him." " We which are alive and remain unto the coming of the Lord, shall not prevent (lit go before them which are asleep. For the Lord . Himself she II descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God and the dead in Christ shall have first. Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air ; and so shall we ever be with the Lord. Wherefore comfort one another with these w ords." Dean Alford says almost every body bons to him In the matter of inter- pretation that he must insist that this centreing of Chi me to take His Church, to Himself in the clouds is not the same event us His coming to judge the world at the last day. The deliverance of the Church is one thing ; the judgment of the world is another. Look at the account of the last hours of Christ with His disciples. What does He say to them? If I go away I will send death after you to bring you to me? or, I will send an angel after you? Not at all. He says, "I will come again, and receive you unto Myself." If my wife were in a foreigner country, and I had a beautiful mansion is ready for her, she would a good deal rather I should come and take her to it than that I should send some one else to brig her. So the Church is the Lamb's wife." Christ has pri pired a mansion for His bride, and He promises for our comfort that He will come Himself and take us to the place I Rich He has been all this time preparing. It is perfectly sure to take the words of God just as we find it. If Christ tells us to watch, then will tell I If He tells us to pray, then pray I If He tells us He will come again, wait for Him ! Let the Church bow to the Word of God rather than try to find out how these things can be. "Surely I come quickly," said Christ. " Even' so come, Lord Jesus," should be the prayer of the Church (Rev. xxii. 20.) Take the u 01 (Is of Christ at the institution of the Lord's Supper. It seems to me that we have lost sight of one of the most precious things about that ordinance. .' For as oft as ye eat this bread and drink this cup, ye do show the Lord's death Till He Come." But most people seem to think that the Lord's table is the place for self-examination and repentance, and for making good resolutions. Not at all. You spoil It that way. It is to "show forth the Lord's death," and we are to observe it "till He come." Some people say, "I believe that Christ will come the other side of the millennium." Where do you get that? I cannot find it. The Word of God nowhere tells me to watch and wait for the millennium, but for the coming of Christ. I do not find any passage in a rich God says the world is to grow better and better, and that Christ is to have a spiritual reign on earth of 1,000 years. But I find that the world will grow worse and worse, and that at length there will be a separation. " Two shall be in the field ; one be taken and the other left. Two women shall be grinding at a mill ; one taken and the other left. Two shall he in one bed one taken and the other left." Some of you think this is a new and strange doctrine. But let me tell you that their) spiritual men in the pulpits of Great Brit and are firm in this faith. But In certain wealthy and fashionable churches, where they have the form of Godliness, but deny the power thereof just the state of things St. Paul declares shall be in the last days-till- doors and is not preached or believed. , They want intellectual preachers, who will cultivate their tastes; brilliant preachers, who will rouse their illumination; but they do not want the breaching that basin it the power of the Holy Ghost. We live in the days of shares in religion, The Church is cold and formal. May God wake us up 1 And I know of no better way to arouse the Church than by getting them to look for the return of our Lord. People say, "You will discourage young converts if von preach that done true." Well, my friends, that has not been my experience. I have felt like working three times as hard, ever since I came to understand that my Lord it was coming back again. I look on this world as a -v reeked vessel. God has, as it were given me 1 lifeboat, and said to me, Moody, save all you can." God will come in judgment in this world ; but the children of God do not belong to this world ; they are In II, but not of it, like a ship in the water. The world is getting darker and darker; its men is coming nearer and nearer; if you have any friends on, this wreck un- saved, you had better lose no time in getting them off. Take 2 Peter iii. 2,3 "There shall come in the last days scoffers, walking after their own lusts, and saying, where is the promise of His coming for since the fathers fell asleep, all things continue as they were from the beginning of the creation. . Go out into the streets of this city and ask men about the return of the Lord, and that is just what the world would say. " Ah, yes, the Lord de layeth His coming I" "Behold. I come quickly," said Christ, and the last prayer in the Bible is, Even, so come Lord Jesus." J Were the early Christians disappointed, then? No; woman Is disappointed who obeys the voice of God. The world waited for the first coming of the Lord 4,000 years, and then He came. He was here 33 years, and then He went away. But He loftus a promise that he would come again, and as the world watched and waited for His first coming, and did not wait Mandate, 80 now to them who look for and love His appearing shall He appear at second- time unto salvation. Now let '-the question go round, " Am ready to meet the Lord If He comes to-night?" "Be ye ready also, for the Son of Man cometh at an hour when we think not." There is another thought I want to call your attention to, and that is-Christ will bring all our friends with Him when He comes. All who have died in the Lord are to be with Him when He descends from His Father's throne (Rev. iii. 21) into the air. A brief interval of time ensues between this meeting of all His saints in the air, and His coming with all His saints to executejudgmentonthe ungodly, to chain Satan in the bottomless pit for 1,000 years, and to establish the millennial reign in great power and glory. "Blessed and holy is He that hath part in the first resurrection ;. in such the second death hath no power, but they shall be priests of God and Christ, and, shall reign with Him 1,000 year. But the rest of the dead lived not again until the 1,000 years were finished. This is the first resurrection." Rev. xx. 1-15. 