ELECTRIC SPARKS. A.N.A. ©lections on Tuesday evening next. * The three J's are on the warpath -again. CaritoD, beware ! ; Ob! that naughty boy. How. dare he refuse to bowl. . ' . :_ The cyclists turned oat en masse to me it ksibj s concert. , , Messrs. E! McLeod ana S. Whamonde contest the presidentship. The Council propose to take fnrther action in -reference to wandering ducks. ' N.T.B.'' — A. young lady's 'opinion of. Miss L Andrew's singing of 'The Swallows.1-. Miss Fiorrie Gioster was written down as the belle of the Weslpys concert by a lady critic Seamen's Institute Annual Gaikeiiug — Wednesday - next — tea, and ' after wards.' See advi. A semaphore is to be erected o-i the Williamscown-road to show when the steam ferry is running. . It is rumoured that the U.S. W. isdr*ft- iri« out his uncle's apology for ? the: Weeleys' C.C. Committee. ? . . . C.U. says he'll apologise when he has no'.bing else to do. He'll be able to write it in Latin in about three years. . A.N.A. cricket match, Married V Single. Queen's Birthday in the local' Cricket Ground. Dinner In },he eTening. .; .Adam's brothers hav£ ev^Entlyjfonnd. ftnother.:pa»diseinPoft'*Meib'oiQrfle,'. -ll'' 'looks as though they had come to ^taj. -'V Why wouldn't that cricketer bowl last Saturday ? Was he afraid of bis average, or was he ' wet ' over not starting first Handy caps for cyclists' tournament posted on board of l*Oakes' in Bay-street. : This is no hoax 1 Other caps at Smith's. Mr. Arthur W. Totton's Irish, Scotch and Cockney recitations were amongst the best things yet heard at the Seamen's Institute. Graham's newly-formed orchestra will' be heard for the first time, during the production of ' Hamlet ' at the Ex. on 30th May. The vice-templar of the A.F.T. i^a rising Demosthenes. Her contribution on ' Eoualitv' wrr cariniolv ilia iTf»m nT the debate. St. Joseph's cantata, ' Autumn's Queen,' was received with rounds and ronnds of appiauBe. Everything,, from the Qaeen downwards, was tip-top. .' '_' T. Watson, undertaker.' — Adam told a lie, and he has left some successors in the *rorid. '? Perhaps it is better to be buried for 30a than to live in misery.'' ? ' Splendid ' was written by a lady cppoBite Mr. Bert Humphries' name the other night, but whether it referred to himself or the song we are not qualified to eay. Some of the ladies at the Wesleys concert considered that 'That's what I call plucky ' was 'too classical.' A bit ' above ' the heads of the audience, perhapB. - - Ladies intending to witness ''Hamlet1' at the Ex. on the 30th May, to save themselves inconvenience ban procure tickets beforehand at W. JButler's, tailor, Bay:street. ' - The Free Gardeners will assembie~on iuesaay evening next, as the Town Hall, to do honor to the. Queen -on the night before her 80ih birthday. See that you get tickets of admission. ...'!?? We have before ns an extract from a Warrnamboal paper 'tepwting a haul of 10.000.fish caught in a day. Oh 3 -if the bowlers bad only remained alittfe loafer. ItwonldhavejbeeaJ-etter«liaaJ:ftat'£srI- r'-An&imnVQneen;' looked jost lovely on Tuesday night. We know several yoang fellows -who are 'clean gone ' over her. Adc the Press-correspondent. No doubt she was a ?? fair and lovely maiden.' ??--.- 'A man's nwn concience is his sole tribunal; and he should care no moce for that phantom ''opinion ' than our librarian would fear meeting a ghost if he crossed the cemetery at dark.' — Lytton (slightly misquoted). There is actually, at last, some move ment on lot for increasing the boat accommodation between Port Melbourne and WilliamstowD. Tenders are invited for a better service. This action is about 10 years after date, but, no matter, better lite than never. 0, that indignation meeting J As usual, condemnins a mauenhe rl. They said he had enough provocation (so he liad), but he shouldn't have punished the whole team. Well, the team should have seen that he was fairly treated. Perhaps the* will when its too late. '? Women's rights are man's wrongs.' An ungallant brother tbns delivered bim self io a discussion at the A.F.T. meeting on Monday night. The sisters si ill be' heve, however, that man is the superior animal, and that brother is now very modi under a clond with the ladies. Our cycling correspondent hat a natty way of requesting members of the dub to plank down their fees. After notifying an attractive billiard tournament, he naively finishes up with, ?? All members before playing must be financial on the clnba books.' They learn a thing or two 'on the wheel.' ' ' Hamlet, 30th inst.— ' ' That he is mad, 'tis true ! ?Tis true, 'tis pity ; and pity 'us, 'tis trap,' 