RARELY has so great and momentous a re sponsibility rested upon any people as that with which the electors of New South Wales are entrusted to-day. The men who pO to the 'polling' booths on ; this eventful Bate'“will /decide the important issue of Federation, not, .merely, for their, own colony, but for the,whole of the continent. There can be no valid federation of,Aus tralia' without A'ew : South Wales. At.the two extremities of the continent, Western •Australia and, Queensland refuse, to com mit themselves to a union from which New South Wales would be* absent,“and the attitude of ii lie other three States is almost identical. As to the issue of the poll, an tj-ipations and prognostications are,widely divergent. Federalists are fully confident that the battle lias been won. ..The Pre mier is sanguine enough to predict a ma jority of 20,000 votes in the affirmative, other ‘Ministers' icoV'for a inajofity of 15,000; and staunch,, federalists,; one ,au(j all, hope,that' there wilLibe at least 10,000 votes to the good in theirtayor. The more windid of anti-bill leaders appear, to recog nise that a majority' in' fayor of the bill is' assured, 1 and Iclingyto, the,hope, that.it will.not exceed 5000; in which case a strong effort will ’,be tho§e of,the,'party who are in the legislature to .prevent, the forwarding of the Commonwealth Bill to the Tmperial;'Parliament.— ;The task of gauging the 1 'treifiPVf' with! regard to thej question bos) .proved excel)- ] iionally. difficult - -; In cannectionwith; r this, :^^^th;%vejy gage?,; ; -the ,-at.tehtiqhribf i; the joiectorsi; it ha3 been, noted_ that a.ln'rge 'float ing section • of ■ ' isib; ''■> vfebrl jed 1 about'. frpun' day,. ; t o! ,'day.., ,Tvitb, .every, bieath of advocacy or of opposition;, thatp trayed' inability to make Ttpi their minds ; and,a preference that.others should do it. for|thein, while others,'like Mr:Weller at the Eatansville election, ore eycr r-eady to shout with the:noisiest crowd. In June last .the colon} - had its: first experience'of |a referendum. The question, of Federa iticn via tlien presented'.for the decision •of the people, but with'a statutory require-' ■ment of at least 80,000 votes in favor of the (bill, and of the 10-I,G3S voters who had sent 'the Federal .leader, of/the day, Mr Barton, jto the Convention, only 71,000 were found !to'be disposed to approve of the Constitu iticn which, he commended to their.adopt ion, while 65,000 votes were cast against lit. On that'occasion, however, the fede jralists had to’ contend ; against the'hpposi tioii of the Government,' the 'unprepared*: jness of the constituencies, the novelty of jthe referenduhi/aihd'ah opposition' of more lability,.even.if;less-active;.than that.,to,be j encountered lf -will ,-be of, interest’ iat this'juncture to'glance ht thhjres'nits in 'June-lastr- which-presented-the-foiiowing totals t J i 3N/-:li! V-t ti-yAr.' H.V:" IVYes.-ir /vf-C-No'. I Sydney.. Citv^i. I .'' ‘6^00(8; !Sydney, suburbs ~h.h:1..: ' 18,655.’ h, : : 21,346, • Country-'districtsif&f; |S. 47,003 , 38;265 jßeckoning 1 '•jb^bl^oKitis,"six’ of • the r ci£j[ | dmsidns "voted ! for’ and’ "five V.againM, ,the\ j bill, which was rejected by 67G votes 'out ' iof 11,000. Ten of the suburban;electorates j voted'for and'lB against' the'measure, and the majority adverse 'to, it wasi269i out of nearly 30,000.- ; In the country 51 constitu encies' pronounced ih‘ favor of'federation, land 35 against it, showing majorities-of 16 )electorates and 5738 ; -ybtes,in favor., The j Parliamentary representatives of two'of ithe most populous and most hostile of the (metropolitan boroughs have since developed ! into ardent the amended bill, (while several..constituencies- which voted (against the bill at "the referendum retimned; (staunch federalists,ait the general,election (ai.-few weeks later:J'^ln-the country; indica • tiohs all poiht' to a larger vote for'union; j In: tho Newcastle .district, six-, electorates' j cast-' in Juiie- last -3251 votes for.'the bill' : aiid 3452 against.- To-day the more’san guine federalists look for'nothing': less' than a solid vote from the men of New castle." ri The. (three.^electorates...of,, the* Broken Hill-division voted against the bill I by 1351 to 1190, ThisTyear. ,their members j are heartily in favor of the bill, in contra distinction to the bulk : bf the labor party, and there (again ;the -influence of numbers is expected to gq.todhe Federal,cause.. l In the wide-province of Biverina 6026 elec tors' approved of'the-biU:.in June last:'and only 1474 ; opposed 'it; 1 ' The;three*: Darling divisions,- . Wentworth, rWilcannia, : arid Bourke, .showed 1264 in (favor,, as against 339 in opposition, and-these figures again are expected tb cha'nge in' the direction of still larger The.,electoral ar rangements for today's^(referendum;-ap- pear to be (almost all that(could, .be wished in order: ta.facilitateva'nearly. univesral poll. The day will-,be a general holiday; electors' rights were obtainable up to last evening; they are available for use at any ; polling booth in the colony; the questions at issue are 'better understood 1 than’ for- | merly billtor be'submitted lias been amended jin important. re spects'tbj'meet' the wishes Af ,the .minority of last year;' tile solid Government and the Assembly by ah immense majority are iwithi -the ,lfederal mbvement,,;and: its lead ers ;-havo ■’ shown i conspicuous ability;; and boundless energy and' enthusiasm. They comprise the ten menrto whom the colony gave 6(32,122 votes at . the‘.Convention'elec tions, as against 163,609 gained by the con spicuous anti-billites''of to-day, and it is that New South',Wales •will to-day .hesitate to foliowj the lead of the public'men wlito obtained clo'se on'half a million votes more than'their opponents. jturns is mot " will ‘they win 1 " what majority will they-’win Pina. i It is stated’ on, good authority' ; 'tha-t.. ; AIr is j.to i bei pemianehtlyo sta tioned ,lir.‘the''.BaUarat': district,naira' will takn'up'the wofk : at the : 'butlyingr Police Cppfts,: ! pf '.y-hicli':there; 'all'; while Mr Johns, c P.Mi',"willAdjudicate',lit Ballarat-and-Sebastopol-only, -also-taking fhewqrden’s woik. and attendihg’boro'nial enquiries. Such an arrangement of dut'ie's will give;AlrrJo.hua -considerably.-more time to devote to the Warden's Court than he •has recently had. J'lUlH-S.'iTA'ft' Some weeks ago a''deputation,from the neighborhood of Pitfield waited on the Minister of;'-Public ’Works,; to ask that something should - beidone' to_ improve the roads leadmg"tb / -£he ! sbuthArfilportion of the goldfield,, .whicliaro almostimpassable. Last week four loads; of machinery for the battery, ;abou.t-to bin erected on the South Glenfine .lease were‘delivered.on tlie mine, but the only way in which'tkeldhds, which were lighter .than';'.usual, could be got through was, by .hitching jthe., horses from all the.,team’si’ I bpf ?tp Jeaqh 'wj'aggon in suc cessioni— expected that the Minister: of -,Mines' will visit the mine, and it'improbable that' the matter,will be. brought forcibly undbr’his notice; i ltihas '.been suggested, that a grant might be made from; the fund set apart for making tracks;-in new >and ,otherwise un accessiblocountiy-And probably this view of the case will- jbe'presented .to. Mr Poster. Under any■ bircumstances 7 it'is certain to tell in favor of the application, for assist ance if. a Minister,of the Crownican be in dueedi-to ■ visit: tho\locality afcithe -present time. ' •: . For several •' days past ''unusually fine weather for this time of the year-has been experienced. Last night was : the third heavy frost, and if- the weather prophets are to be bolieved this'should be followed Tory, .. 'i The!.Supreme, Court will .commenceflits June sittingsion Thursday, when his_Honor Air.- Justice Williams will presides -Two criminal cases are listed,'in-which three prisoners, whoso jli'nm’es have not yet been received;-’will ’.be' tried:' : "One’ bf : the cases qcmes'ifrom Geelong, and:tlie- other from Greswicki ’ln -the 1 matrimonial jurisdic tion two' 'divorce cases arc set' doiyu for hearing.’ l ' 'There is I no civil A business listed..., -..,r q ~ •< . The erection of A locomotive storey-shed at Ballarat"East 1 lias been'definitely; I de cided; upon,'and tenders’, will j be. invited, for the two 1 .,,;;,;': ' t. ylbhas been Teported;.to;,tte/Brpw'n Hill pfllice that, the, j. ghost’', lias been- making its, appearan.ee In the> vicinity of Air Jas. Long s property at Springs, and enquiries aro being made, jn that ..direction. The senseless ni'asqueradef. hak hbt shown him self in his hideous garments in,the,vicinity of Ballarat East for the -past few;-nights, probably, on account of the.dangerhoiwould incur: if , discovered, in :tlie bright moon light. ’ - rr -•’: • I _■-■; -A It wasjntended to hold a meeting at tlie City'Hall'on' Ardnday next'to consider'the advisability .ofi-iecasting-ctho boundaries of-thewards. - As, however,- the-hall is en gaged for: other purposes oh that'date,'it has been resolved to'lioldithe meeting on the foUcwiiig Wednesday,"evening! Some splendid specimens of gold-bearing ores have: been sent :by the: Queensland Government to the'School of Mines, and will bo, as, soon as possible classified and displayed by Alr.Haht at the’museum. ..The specimens are from Charters Towers and Bavenswood mines, and in the case of the former a number of interesting particulars aro annexed, including the assay results,; the maximum'of which is six ounces ttf the ton,'and the'greatest depth At which gold has been found,' viz.', 2300 feet.. The Bavenswood ores are neariy All of. a refrac tory nß’arel. The. speciihens- will make a useful, addition-to the mineralogical dis play in the museum. ! A sensational arrest was effected yesier- ; day by Constable O’Brien,' ,iii ;Ballaraf : Easfc- The constable: was standing at the corner of-Main andsHumffray streets, at about a quarter to 12 o’clock, ivlieu •;lie heard cries for help, and ort looking down, Huhiffray street' saw -two "men' run out of Porter street, aUtlie rear of Main street', Ahd"-"niake off" in the~'difectibA~"bf’TPecf street. The’ constable'gavo chose and fol lowed the fugitives into Eastwood street, where he’ came up with' a ’milk cart, bej hind which/lie ran’in order td'conceal him-: self from- the men.' ’' The-driver of, the cart: assisted' him’ in his chase by, whipping up the horse, Mid enabled, the .constable, to catch one of the men near .the North, Grant hotel in ’Peel street. 'He AskqdA-niimber, of'men standing;.near,to jliold his,prisoner. while lie phased the 'other man, bufeasd hone-would assist he brought his captive Along Bri3gOTstreet~'irito-- eMain' i street, where hewas told that the individual; wanted had gon'einto the New. Eglingfqn hotel., Considerable ' difficulty ' wad' ex-/ ptrienced .by the constable in finding qome-- oho to hold the ..captured, man, but at,last h Mr. Opie gave.the^necessary, assistance.' The constable-then"searched the'hotelpre inises,uandr found''ji:he -man, biding un - the back yard. He then took both accused to the watchhouse, where a lad named 1 Foley gave information to the effect that lie saw the two prisoners assault and rob a into in Porter street, and on the inen seeing him they ran away. . Ho found two Sovereigns, a half-sovereign, and ' a Shilling at the place where the. scuflip occurred. In the ■ afternoon, -at about 4 o’clock, a man giving the name of ’James Mooney, called at the watchhouse and stated that he had been robbed of JEG at the place mentioned. " He added that he .was a miner from Pitfield Plains, and was presiding at a house in Scott parade. He met his assailants near Messrs Cocking and jSkewes' establishment, and went for a 'walk with them, but be had ho recollec tion of what took place. He was, however, {certain as to having been robbed of ' the jamount stated. The prisoners,- who gave their names as James .Green and George jßeatty respectively, have- been charged ‘with assault and robbery. . They stated it hat they had only recently arrived from ’Melbourne. j -An old man named Thomas Harline gave {himself up to the Ballarat East-police last Jniglit, as he was in a destitute condition. ■Ho was locked up and charged with vag ■Tancy.-v ••:•;.■• - 1 : The"'balance sheet of the City branch iA.N.A.;,was presented end adopted last Iniglit at the ordinary meeting. The re jport showed that the funds have increased !as ‘follows :—lncidental fund, J 154 Is 7d'; isick fund, JS3I3 14s lid; contingency fund, !,£27.12A 3d;-building fund,'.£ls Os sd; or a jtotal gain for the half-year of .£4lO Os 2d. ■ Members will no doubt be much gratified : v'ith this result. The branch had 894 [benefit and 77 honorary and life honorary imembers at the commencement of the half |year, and ; have now 909 benefit and 77. • honorary and life honorary members—an jircrease of 15 members. During, the half iyear it lost 36 members—viz., 23 . by, ar rears, 11 by clearance, and 2 by death;’sl ■members joined during the same period— jviz., 47 by initiation, and 4 by clearance. ■The membership roll showed—Financial, !820.; unfinancial, 89; honorary, .46; life i honorary, 31; total; 956. ■’The funeral ;fund showed 'the largest credit balance; viz.; ,£233;. next comes the incidentahfuhd. ; witli .£2lB 15s 6d. The statement of assets and liabilities showed a credit balance of {.£7447 16s 4d - i Owing to the musoum being required for i lectures, in: consequence,-of ,the, want of ac- I commodation at the School" of Mines, it ; will bo closed at the following times’this week:—Tuesday, from 10 to 12; W.ednes- 1 . day, 3 to 4; Thursday, 10 to 11; Friday, ll.to.l; and on Saturday, up, to ,10.15 a.m. Next’ week it will be open as usual.' ' ’ ' ' The ordinary meeting of the City branch A.N.A. was held last night; the president, l Mr’‘A; M. David, in the-chair. 1 Six/new members were initiated and ten nominated.' Tho item on* the syllabus was b paper on ‘/Gladstone,” by Mr L. Pritchard, ;whb read an able and scholarly critique oh the great statesman, that was well received by those present. At the conclusion of Mr Pritchard’s paper an animated discussion followed,, in which Messrs Vale, M.L.A. ; Wollaston,. Morris, Carey, and Dr Martin took, part, and. the essayist; was, warnily thanked by. the members for his coutribu tion.' : ' . . ’■■’/ '■ J , A lad named Arthur'Johnson,’ls years of age, living at Buninyong, was treated at tho;Ballarat Hospital yesteitfayv for an ih jury .to one of his hands, caused by a kick from a horse. Tho;only other casualty caso treated a't tho institution for the day ,was that of a man who attended to have a splash from,a hammer removed-from his eye. ' 6 '? Tho 'coihmitteo of management "Of the 'Benevolent,Asylum met „at the Board .Boom,’’ Camp' street, last night'. There woro .present Messrs J. ,L.. Archer (in-the chair),,’H. Josephs,-Ja3. ioddie’, -D,/Cooke, C.E.’Grainger,,O.E; Edwards; G. Lovitt;, I W. Gale, W. Dimsey, J. Showman, C. C: Slioppee, J. Phillips, W. .Coltman (l G. K. Coutts;--ahd'the Hons.'D. Hani and J. Yi ,M‘Donald. Apologies for unavoidable noh 7 Attendance were, receiyed ;frohi (the, presi dent 1 (Father Guilfoyle) and ’Mr' J.!j N. Dunn. Mr J. M'Leod (vice-president) was granted two months leave of absence from the committee meetings. Several applica tions. for. admittance and relief were, re ceived arid dealt with.’. In one case'ahiari, giving his ago as G 1 years, who stated that his wife had left him. and that he had no means of support, was refused admittance cn the grounds that lio had 'never been known to work, but had been supported bj hisiwife, who was a: hard-working woman,! The secretary of the committee of, the re cent Queen’s Birthday carnival inlaid of tlio,asylum, reported that -there, wasfa .sum of JT6I- in hand. 'Tho.'committee then'ad journed. ■ ■.l '[{ r '! The'mTembers : of Mr Hart’s geologyjolass journeyed to' Buninjmng, and spent ah ihj structive and interesting,day on them.pun taih, searching; for. specimens, r of .which a largo number were, found,; includingrsani pies of volcanic glass, etc. ;-r ; ... M A charge /.-f haying driven three horses under Circumstances involving crueltyhvas preferred at the Town Court yeterday by Senior-Constable Beckman against a carter named. Lawrence Lia., Mr E. ,P.. Wynne appeared .for the prosecution, .Constable Beckman gave ’evidence' tci 1 the. effect that on tho ,Bth inst.. lie saw the 1 defendant in .Victoria street, 1 near’, .the’;’Caledonian bridge, driving threo horses,;vyhich'cwero diawing a heavy load.of chaff. While! tlie accused was watering the horses' at the 'trough the witness, examined them,, and found them in a very poor condition;- 1 all tlio animals were suffering from sores. One of tlio leaders was in a particularly bad state, and all the animals wererunfit- for work. The defendant stated that he; was obliged;to; harness:the- leader referred to, as the roads’were -bad, and two .horses could not pull the load. ..The. bendli'con sidered the case a ! serious one, 1 but express ed their inclination 1 to deal leniently with the defendant, A. fine of 20s was imposed, with AT Is..costs, 'in.'.default' distress, with tho > alternative of seven days’ imprison ment. . .... ■'■■■; ~ I At 'the A.N.A; Hall tb-night 'the first round, of the! Debating, Societies’',tourna nient will take, place, when the City branch A.N.A.’No,-- I,team.meet n teain from- the Catholic Young Men’s Society. The sub ject is-i-“Is the unemployed-difficulty’ the result of •misgovernment?" The : A;N.A. tako the affirmative side! CIY.M. the nega tive, .Afr'BlGribble, M.Ad; LL.B.j- -will act h.s judge. Great interest.-is,.taken in tlio .tournament , by:, the local, debating so cieties, and the fact that the jmbject is at present so prominently before the'public sUouldmiake tho debate 1 more interesting. Visitors are invited.. 'Messrs?;L •Pearce,' H.; Josephs,'and Jas. Long, 'J.’sP.; 'presided;at''the:TowtfiCourt yesterday and fined William'Adams 2s 6d wjth 2s.Gd costs for driving,along Huniffray street- 1 oh 'Satiirdajy night, ,t.lip. ,JLoth''inst., without'a light’ bn his vehicle. 'A’ female inebriate was discharged as_a first offender; and nue; petty ,debt case, In* which T Mr M'Gdwan Appeared for the complainant, was disposed of, an order being.mode for tho amount’claimed. ilt'.Ui '.m Owing to the! splendid-season for grass, and,tho unusual growth. of,'-;.self-grown crop, there is abundance- of hay in the Horsham district. ’ Hundreds of tons of hay can be purchased at the farm stacks for XI. or if cut into chaff and delivered at the nearest railway station, XI 10s per ton. The outlook in the Beulah-' district is said to bo the best for several years. Most of the farmers have finished-cropping and tlio crops’, favored by seasonable and bountiful rains, aro making great head way. It is many years since feed for stock was so prolific. A concert in celebration, of the anniver sary of tlie Welsh Church was held . last night,’ when a very large audience attend ed. Mr ,F. , Menzies presided. The following programme was excellently ren dered:—Song, Adieu to 1 Dear Cambria, Miss Minnie Seddiii; song, Mr Hugh Owen; recital, Mr Hobson; songs- 1 by Mr Whitehead, Mrs .Whitehead;. Miss 'Ann Humphreys, Miss Annie Evans, Mr Wil liam Evans, Mr Henry Owen ; recital. Miss Annie' WilViaips. Tlie choir,under Mr ! T.< It. Thomas, rendered several concerted nieces. Mis3 K. E. Evans made an ef ficient accompanist. , > . i : A branch of tho Australian Natives’ As sociation will be opened, at Scarsdale on Friday next; ' 1 , .... At the City, 1 Court yesterday, Before Mr Johns, a' claim by Isaiali Merry against Jeremiah Desmond,-to recover X 5 10s, part proceeds, of a tribute'in .the New . Nor mahby mine; was heard; Tlie case was first called on at the Ballarat East Court, but-was remitted to tlio Cily Court-for the decision of the’Police magistrate upon a point of law. The. plaintiff’s case was that a .partyi'liad been working on a tribute on the mind; for some time without getting any payable result. Desmond, one of the members of tlio party, .got tired of this unprofitable-work- and went a:way,' Merry c.amo-in;and.worked theMiare. Shortly afterj tlie party' struck gold,-and had since been getting rich yields, and then Desmond came back and ousted Merry. The latter was refused permission ;to go down tlie mine except under terms that be refused tb accept, and he now sued for his money. Mr Barrett,- for tlie defence, argued that ith*;case was not within' the •police magis tral though if Mr Johns.,waa a'wayeri’it 3 : Thg case was one of partnership, and could ,not" be beards in .jpetty- sessions.? Mr 'Pearson claimed that tho party was not a partner ship, but were a-company -having a com munity of interests,, but, unregistered, and having no. written agreement. . If. it had to be registered 1 so'‘ would every ".tributing •party in the, colony. .Mr Johns, P.M., held -that as the matter was one for a claim for a share in a mine it should properly come before-the -warden. The case be struck out with £1 Is costs: : , ‘ ' ' The committee of the Dowling Forest Turf Club have made every possible pro vision for the comfort of their patrons on Friday- afternoon. The whole of the wreckage of the grandstand has been clear ed away, and tlio stand has been streng thened and seats ereofcd, while the top has been covered with tarpaulin, so that oven if the day is wet those who use the stand will suffer no inconvenience. A meeting of the Ballarat Weavers’ Union was held at the Trades’ Hall last night, for the purpose of cohsideiring the. advisability of petitioning the. Govern ment to extend the provisions, of the new Shops and Factories Act to meet the case of the Woollen Mill operatives. The sec retary; Mr Ainley, explained the necessity of taking advantage of the Act, and said that in no two woollen mills in the colony were the same amount of wages paid to operatives, a largo number of whom only' earned 6s Gd per week. Mr W. ; Hurds field showed the advantage that had been derived from the present Act in the tailor ing and other trades, aiid explained the necessary steps to be taken to have the Act applied to the weavers. Owing to the small attendance it .was decided to adjourn the meeting until next Monday, night* when representatives from the Melbourne Trades’ : Hall Council and-Eight Hours’ Committee will deliver addresses. In .the meantime it was agreed.to have'petitions drafted in readiness to sign and forward to the Chief Secretary, praying that, .the operatives he brought under the Act. . . / Judging by the quantity of -correspond ence'already dealt, with', the forthcoming South street competition'., promises to eclipse in success all its competitors. There seems very little reason to doubt, that the choir- competition for large prizes will prove an immense attraction. 1 ' Already it is known that there will be fourteen en tries* and others may probably be received* thV competing companies coming from nearly all-the colonies; Ag usual, Bendigo will bo to the fore with numerous entries, including one or more for. the choir con test,- 1 and arrangements 1 will'probably be made for special trains .between the two cities. ..... ‘' ; ■' At the :City Court yesterday, be fore''-Messrs- Johns. P.M.* Whykes, and George, J.’sP., two inebriates were each fir ed Is. A number of prosecutions uhd-i -■flie Factories Act were brought.by Inspec torjKingsbury, and in each case fines were inflicted. A case remitted from the Bal larat East Court, which was heard by Mr Johns, P.M., alone, completed: the-list: V‘ At the meeting of the Ballarat Miners’ Turf Club last night, Mr T. W. Purdue presiding, the following programme for the meeting to be held on 28th-July. was. drawn up and adopted:—Trial Handicap, 5 furlongs, .£10; Hurdle Race, 2 miles, .£2O; Selling Race, 4 furlong3, -£10; Steeplechase, 2 miles, £2O; Welter Handi cap, 1 mile, .£l5; Flying Handicap, 4 fur longs, £l5. The profit on UnTlast meet ing wa3 £7O. ■ -■ ■" Amounts “or the : following await pay ment at the local treasury:—J. Lyuch, T. A. Wellington, J. T. Harrison and party, Milner and Parker, ,Sutton Bros., J. G. Wall, M. Wall, C. Wilson,' Ballarat Hardware Company, F. H. Commons, W, Dawson, HJ Wardle and Sons; :;W. Pope, J. M'Kiddie, R. Adam, Ballarat Electric Supply Company, J. M. Bickett, Bunin yongshire Council, Ballarat Gas Company, G. E. Cussen, T. A. Colebrqok. W. Carr, Ccghlan and Tullocli, M.' Delaney, J. Davies, W. E. Davies, J. R. Fox, J. M. Gardiner, A Harrington, R. Heffernan, E. A. Hithccock; Huddirt, Parkeri'arid'Co.; T. F. Jordan, .1. C. Law, F. R. Longden, W. Laurison. J. G. Laidler, J. H.O’Sha nassy, A. H. Powell, J. Porter, H. S. Symons, J. W.Ncdwell, and W. Lynch:. : ,:-,Tho sale of privileges in connection with tho Dowling Forest Club-meeting.on Eri day next was conducted by’ Messrs' AVM. Greenfield and Cb. yesterday, ; hotel, and' resulted as follows:—Publican’s booth, Mark Cuskey, £lO 10s; refreshment rooms, J. Hayjnes,. £2; horse paddock, H. Slater, £1: ' ' "• '’- -' 1 : Tho annual meeting -of the Ballarat Medical Benefit Society will be hold on Friday 30tli June next. 'lntending mem bers should join atoneo as the quarter I starts on the Ist July next:O: .tt'O'.'i. 