CUBIOUS COINCI DENCES. 'Belgravia.' Mr. James Brinsley Richards, author of 'Seven years at Eton,1' tells a curiou . story about himself and Mr. Angelo, the fencing master at Harrow, Westminister and other places. It is a very wierd in cident, and something more than a strange coincidence, and might well cbim the attention of Mr. Stead or the Pt juical Research Society. Let me tell the story in Mr. Richard's ovn wolds: — 'A curious adventure occured to me in connection with Mr. Angelo, which I will mention for the benefit of those who like ghost stories. In March 18dy, alighting from a train at Buckingham, 1 saw Mr. Angelo get out of a cojipart nient next to mine and walk across llio platform in company with a connle of young fellows who were very gay and frolicsome. One of tbem gave the other a push, upon which the Jattxrsaid, Isn't he behaving badly, Mr. Angelo P' '1 pretended to accost Mr. Angelo, but thought I would wait until hi' had parted with the two gentleman, who were strangers to me. Presently thoy both entered a private carriage, which bf.a come to tlie station for them, »nd drove off, but when I looked round for Mr. Angelo I taw he had disappeared. Imagining lie had entered one of the waiting rooms, I lingered about thn «i trancc to the station for a quarter of an hour, but bo was not to b'e seen. I thoughl- this rather strange at the time, ioT tne Buckingham Station on the ar riving side had but one approach, and Mr. Angelo could not have walked away along it without being noticed by me. 'In the following week I was .at Har row, and lunching at the King's Head with a young relative of mine, when the conversation fell upon fencing, and the boy casually alluded to bis fencing mas ter as being the successor of Angelo, who was dead. Dead,' I exclaimed, 'how very sudden! 'Why. I saw him not a week ago!' 'You couldn't have seen Angelo, the fencing master,' answered tbe boy, 'for be. has been dead some years.'' I really stared. If there had only been the evidence of my eyes as to Mr. Angelo's appearance on the plat form of Buckingham Station, I should have concluded at once that my sight had deceived me, but I had distinctly beard Mr. Angelo addressed by name. I had the plainest recollection of having heard one of the two young men in whosecompanyhewas say, 'Isn't he beha ving badly, Mr. Angelo P' ; On my return to town from Harrow I bad the fact of Mr. Angelo's death some yeara_ previously amply con firmed. Here the . story end*. Nothing ever came of the apparition r Ud witnessed. It brought me no por tent it had not been preceded by any {bought^ about Mr. Angelo, and it was fallowed by no circumstance which can throw the faintest light upon it, so that of course I am bound to submit to the inference that I was laboring under art optical and acoustic delusion.- StPl 1 am not convinced of this myBeK in my own mind, and I have always thought of the incident as being. one of those mys teries which are perhaps thrown into our lives to make us weary of scoffing too readily at strange things reported by others.1' A Cambridge lawyer once told me of a queer adventure lie had in a railway train on iris way to London. On get: ting into his carriage he saw as he sup* posed a man with whom be .was on terms or pretty close intimacy, and accoste:l him in a familiar manner. But the other rejected all his adnujees; denier] the pleasure of bis acquaintance, an! took refuge m Ms paper. My friend, hinking it a joke, tried him again, but with so better result. On reaching .town tite lawyer, utterly pnzded, /lud ',%iot knowing wHat to^naxe of it, &-orolfr *txaighV.'4o4^r^Hnben;'6|^hB: mmu ' whonv '- lie ^&nupijlf.hjb; had-- a6eii*ln $he train. He founS him in, and heard tbat ho hadjiQt been far. from home that day. . -The lawyer,-,* hard-headed bus iness 'man of the world, swears that the iikerlosB was complete in every particu lar — the- one being a. facsimile of ^the Arthej. ; Sere was a pretty plain, case or a double, and I have neard of similar in stances,, -though noti so striking. What a mystery .though, might arise out of such an incident, and what misleading evidence f.. might be tendered honestly tnough in a court of law. in circumstan ces or similar mistaken identity 1 