A NOVEL GHOST STORY. Authentic ghost storios ore apt to havo loss point than tho ghost stories of literature. Hamlet's father docs not revisit tho glimpses of tho moon for nothing. Banquo has every cause to trouble the feastondho conscience of Macbeth', and so on. Tales which have no claim to claseio dignity follow theso standard examples. The other world In fiction doos not reveal itself unreasonably. Id tho tele pathic records of our friends who believo In psychical rcsoarch something similar may often bo observed. Tho phantasms of tho living, for example, if you once grant them, may generally justify thomsolvcs for some thing botter than caprice. With the few ghost stories, however, which como to ono's knowledgo neither from literature nor from solontifio associations, nor from more hear say, tho case is doprcaeingly different. Tho apparitions seem either very unreasonable or governed in their conduct by lines of reason- log-totally foreign to any human habit. Such, at least, was tho cose when about sevou years ago a curious thing happened in a small town on tho coast of New England. Tho ineident has no rational meaning. At the same time it produced on the people con cerncd an impression sofiioienUy marked to mako it worth reeordlog. Ita very lock of meaning, perhaps, gives it a tontalislog odd ity of Its own. Towards tbo ond of ono August a gentle man started a little after eight o'olook io the ovening to call on some friends who lived a rallo ot more away. Ho drovo himself in an ordinary baggy, and his horso was'au every day animal from a country stable. His road, with which ho was perfectly familial-, led ! down a bill, at tho foot of wliioh it curved towards a belt of low woods, through which it proceeded for perhaps a quarter of a mile. After emerging from these woods it pnssod through a region of stonewalled pastures to the riih-go, nt tho edge of which his friendo lived. Theso friends were sittiog indoors, for the ovening, though rather less dark than usual, was distinctly chilly. Their .bouso was qulto now— so new, in fact, that tho feoco which now separates tho grounds from the highway had nob yet been put up. In place of it a rough board fence, of the height of an ordin- i ary country rail fence, had been knocked together for tho moment. This structure, however, was by no moans firm, tho boards which composed it were hastily nailed to posts at a considerable distance apart. | At 8.30 or so tho visitor arrived at his ' destination. Ho was a man of education and i intelligence, and of unusually simple and j regular habits. Ho certainly was not pos- j scscod of much imagination, nor was ho I generally excitable. You would havo called j him, perhaps, agreeably matter-of-fact in temper. His friends, then, wore surprised | to observo that ho was in n state of distinct agitation. j He had driven down tho hill, ho said, with- J out adventure; end nothing had happened until ho hnd reached tho edgo of tho woods through which his read pusscd. There ho bad been startled by a sudden movement of his horso, which stopped short, and, appar- j cntly iu terror, Bliicd to ono side of tho road. ! Looking to sco what had startled tho animal, 1 which was now trembling, ho perceived closo to tho front wheel of his buggy tho figure of uman. This man woro a broad-brimmed hat, which flappod u little ovor his fnco; and his body seemed drapad in a long cloak, or somo such unusual garment. .Altogether, In tho dim light, ho hnd an unuBual look. Ho said nothing, so tho man in tho buggy addressed liini, asking what ho wanted. Ho Hiudo no answer und no movomcnt whatever. Meiinwliilo tho horso kopt edging nway from him. Disturbed by. this state of affairs, the driver whipped tho animal, which started ahead rath'cr wildly. To his intenso surprise, tho figure remained closo to tho wheel. Ae tho horso dushed on, tho figure glided on, at a pace which no ordinary man could pretend to koop up, yet without either a sound or an obvious motion. Then, as the driver's eyo grew more used to the dim light, tho figure, thus gliding swiftly beside him, seemed half tronsporcnt. At ono or two points whero the woods were thin ho could seo through tho thing— whatever it was—' to tiio stono walls, and tho trees behind it; Ho whipped tho horso ogain and again, and tho horso, which seemed thoroughly frightened, went at full speed. Still their unearthly companion glided on, until just as thoy were emerging from the woods, it suddenly disappeared. That was tho whole story. A fact which afterwards transpired was not at that timo known to any of tho company. At this moment (bo spot whero tho thing vanished is a small country lot, covered with a tangled growth of low pines and underbrush. A. century or more ago, it appears, this lot was a burying-ground. Whatever the excited gentleman hnd really sccu, his agitation was rather painful After about half an hour, however, it begun to aubsido under tho iuflucnco of sympathetic ' talk; und presently he said good-bye to tho1 company. He was to leavo that port of tho country next day; and ho wished to make another farewell call ortwo before proceeding home. So everybody took friendly leave of him, as they supposed for tho season. Not more than n minute or two elapsed be fore be returned. Something, ho said, had happened to his horso; in the darkness ho could not quite mako out what tho matter was; ho should havo to ssk for a lantern. So a lantern wub procured; and tho wholo company, whose curiosity was thoroughly aroused, wont out with him to see what had occurred. Tho part of tho story which follows, then, bad a number of witnesses; otherwise it would bo as incredible as it certainly was meaningless. With equal certainty, however, it was distinctly and unpleasantly queor. When tho gentleman had reaehod tho house he had Btopped Ills horso just outside tho temporary board fonco which separated the grounds from the publio rood. Finding no regular arrangements for tying tho animal, ho had taken a rather long hitching strap, which was in his buggy, and mado it fast to tho top board of tho fonec. This provod to bo about thrco feet abovo the ground on which tho horse was left standing. Tho reins, meanwhile, had been tacked between tho splashboard of the buggy and the whip, which was standing in its socket Thus left outside tho rough fence, to which it was securely tied, the horse had soemcd perfectly safe. But when its master had como out again, something had evidently gone wrong. To discover just what this was tho lantern had been brought, and the eompany had como out Tho light of tho lantern revealed a stato of things which has never been explained. What had happened was this: Somehow or othor tho horse had bodily got ovor tho fonoo and was Btandlng on tho ground Insido. Tbo buggy, meanwhilo,remainod outside, and tho shafts almost touched the board which' now separated the horse from tho vehielo. Of course, ono's first thought was that tho animal, whleh had shared its rooster's dis turbance, bad got restless and had jumpod tho fonco. But on careful examination no traces of such restlessness were to bo found. Tho reins were still tuekod,not very securely, between tho splashboard and tho ' whip. There were uo marks on either sido of tho fence which would indicate any violent move ment of tho horso's feet. Tho fonco, again, was too high for any horso to stop over with out hitting it; yot it boro no traces of any blow from a hoof. What is more, it was so lightly knocked together that auy violent, movoraont on tho horso's part would probably havo pulled it apart; yet It was as firm as ovor. In short, whatever had really happened, the nppoarnnco of things was oxactly what would havo resulted from an utterly impossible occurrence, namely, the bodily lifting of tho animal over tho fonce from tho publio road to tho grounds within. A certain faat is that the only way of re leasing tho horso was to unharness him from tho buggy and to lead him round to tho vehicle again through a gate somo little distanco away. In the proocss of unharness ing, too, it became evident that the harness bad iu no way been disturbed. To explain the thing at al), in short, wo had to coneludo that whilo the gentleman was making liis call and relating his ghostly experience some mischievous passer-by had takon tho trouble deliberately to unharness the horse, to lead liim through tho gate, and to harness him to tho vehielo onco more, and that, having taken all this trouble, (ho mischiof-moker liad proceeded on liis way. Very certainly, no ono was near enough to boo tho ensuing confusion. Very certainly, too, no other bit of mischief even remotely similar has been perpetrated in that part of tbo country for over fifteen years. That thlo extraordinary occurrence, trivial and meaningless though it were, should so instantly havo ensued upon the glioBtly visi tation of the victim certainly mado an un canny impression on the wholo company of six or eight people who stood by while the unlucky horse was reharncssed by lantern light to tho uninjured buggy. This process finislfcdt ovcryono finally bade good-byo to their disturbed friend, who started alono on his homoward drive. So far oeany of them havo over known, nothing further happened to him that night. Ono fact, however, re mains to be added. No one of that compauy, all of whom had known him well, ever saw him again. Before tho next summer he had died. The End. 