CHRISTIAN SOCIALISM. Preached in St. Peter's Cathedral Ade laide, by the Rev. A. G. B. West, M.A. They had all' things common.—Acts iv., 32. Very diverse are the views which have been held about this first social proceed ing of the early Christians. It lias been held on the one. hand that this touching community of goods "when the multitude of them that believed were of one heart and soul, neither said any that aught of the things which he had was his' own,", was a return to the blissful state of Para dise. That itVwas the natural and inevit able result of a belief strongly felt and openly confessed in a new state of things beginning with the outpouring of Holy Ghost at Penticost. How could they do anything else, they who waited daily for the visible coming again "of Christ, and their own reception into immediate glory, but despise in' comparison all earthly dis tinctions Of rank and wealth and posses sion? How could they fail who had just received such blessings as the certainty of eternal life and forgiveness of their sins, to bountifully share all worldly temporal things •'with the brethren of such a com mon hope. Generously and unreservedly, at any rate, they did so. "As many as had houses of lands sold them, and brought the price and laid it at the apostle's feet, and distribution was made to every man ac cording as he had need." Into one com mon treasury all the possessions of the believers were poured; the wealthy had not too much, and the poor all had enough. Simplicity, contentment, and peace per vaded 'the society until by the sin, of Ananias and Sapphira, sin and deceit, dis trust and confusion again entered in, and the second state of innocence was marred by a second fall. There is another view held of this first Christian attempt at socialism. ' That it was a foolish attempt to carry the prin ciples of the Gospel into regions where they were not applicable, and before the ground was prepared. That it was a well- intentioned but' wholly mistaken enthu- siasm, bordering on religious mania. It is said by those who hold this view that the Church in Jerusalem neglected their duties on earth by thinking overmuch of their treasure in heaven. The subsequent poverty of that church, which made it necessary for St. Paul to collect subscrip tions from all the other churches in order to succour these too-enterprising saints, was the necessary -punishment for destroy ing capital and neglecting ordinary busi ness principles. It may be that this is the true view, and that the incident is related for -our warning, not our imitation. There can be no doubt, at least, about the subse quent distress of the Church in Jerusalem And yet, no one will deny that however mistaken in detail and effect the attempt was, it was still a step in the right direc tion. Nothing is so plain in the words and acts of the Lord as the duty of ail men to 'hold what they have as a trust from God; as talents which they are bound to use for the benefit of their fellow-men. "Go and sell all that 'thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven" is His word to the rich young man. For "how hardly shall they that have riches enter into the kingdom .of God.". It was a step in the right direction', and therefore -many have been the attempts since to attain to a truer realisation of the Kingdom of God upon earth. It was' this which helped to give to monastic houses their power and endurance. In them joint ownership in all earthly goods was a prime principle of life., Differ- ence of duties in these small worlds, of course there must ever be, as.in every as sembly where men are different .in capa bilities and endowment. But when the object of living together was one. tne fife one, 'the worship one, the needs of Ipe were to be supplied from one common source. Corporate selfishness, indeed, crept in to ruin the noble attempt. But nevertheless, before the destruction of re ligious 'houses in England, it had been clearly dhown how great were the blessings of unselfish poverty and forgetfulness of riches. - " ' Now, it nee'ds no very profound insight into .the signs of tiie times to see that the future is big with projects which have for their aim the more equable distribution of the material wealth of the world. Never before was there such a widespread, spirit of beneficient philanthropy abroad. Hos pitals, homes of refuge.. schemes for the lessening of the hours of labor, for the pre vention of cruelty to children or animals, for the benefiting of the poor and sick and defenceless, are supported by the. over whelming influence of public sentiment. It . is the spirit of altruism, of thinking and feeling for others. There are, no doubt, seeds of weakness as well as of strength in this. There is a danger lest men should mistake philanthropy for re ligion and generosity for godliness. It is an easy and. obvious escape from doubts about theology to say, "With men's souls we can do nothing, but with their bodies we can do much; and gladly will I give my mite to help them." The mistake is com mon, and it is dangerous. . For the love of humanity in itself gives no guarantee for the permanence of the unselfish feel ing. To raise mankind to a state' of greater comfort, greater decency, greater culture, is no doubt a worthy, noble aim; to lessen misery and lighten toil and miti gate distress is certainly a Christlike work;. it has been the work of. the Church in all ages. But not in these latter days, may we assume, that it can be done effectively without the aid of that faith which has been its mainspring and support through out the past. Love- for men must be grounded upon love of God and the Son of Man in order to be permanent. ' Here seems to be the great distinction between Christian socialism and that other lower socialism, which is grasping, de structive, selfish. The first says—'We are all one man in Christ Jesus. Such things as I have are but talents held in pledge, for which I must give account, and they are given me that I may use them for your ' good. Therefore, all mine is thine." The other says—"Who are you that you should be born to affluence and comfort,: while I must toil and-sweat for my daily bread? What is this accident of birth which has given you every means of happiness, and me every source of misery? What you have is the dishonest thievings of power and greed from helpless ignorance and ' unchampioned innocence! It is time to end all that. Strength is coming to my hands now, and the might of the people shall make you yield your ill-gotten hoards. All thine is mine, and I will have it." It is the voice of violence and malice, of envy and hatred, and unchari- tableness—the voice of the devil, and not the voice of God. - - But without a doubt Christians have given occasion for-such' cries by not pursuing the principles of their creed. , . What can we do to make clear to all the; world pur belief in this our duty, so to use our gifts as to.show that they are not our own? The experience of history and the teaching of the Apostles at once seem to show us that no thing unnatural .and nothing artificial is demanded of us or can be successful. "We need -not bid- for, cloistered cell; Our neighbor and the world, farewell." We are to be in- the world, though not .of it. The Order of St. Francis which, perhaps, more than any other single influence served to waken and in spire the Church of the Middle-Ages, was -. unable to keep for long the vow.of abso lute poverty which its founder laid down. And it -is-not in any Quixotic return to Neo-Mediaevalism either in thought, or worship, or life; that we- can embody the Gospel , for; the nineteenth century. Neither can it be by' any- wilful givng up of our personal responsibilities. The family, the nation, the race, are indeed units of wnich we each as individuals are but insignificant parts. We are, to use the image which the Lord Himself : was. so fain to use, but twigs and. tiniest branches of the world-embracing' vine,' while the beauty and power and' grace of the whole deoends upon the loyal perfor- . mance of its'' duty by each individual twig. That idea, then, according, to which , Paradise shall-, be 'brought back to the . earth by, labor-saving apparatus and motivial ease; by sapping the springs of energy, by countenancing sloth and *hin dming'"persoUal-feffor tf^'S*"ttflsleadiiig;' and" unsenptural. There can be no satisfac tion compared'with the conscious reward. tof sustained endeavor. To abolish the need of effort-is to' take. away from -life its greatest value, its healthiest discipline, its purest pleasure. . But still, what can be. done? - There should' be some practical advice to give. I venture to suggest two. possible ways. We-might, first of all, set apart some por tion of our: income to be given for -ohe service of others—a first charge upon oiir estate for the use of God.' What that qhanre should be let ;each man-. decide., "Whether it be a tenth, or whether it be. less,1, it ought; at- least to-be ifixed and .Cer tain.. We can lay. aside; jweek by. week some of our wages, or month by month some of our salary; for a coming holiday— cannot we do as much for others aud for God? And, secondly, we can' -be,.content to show the nobility of a simpler- way of living. We can prove—and never was the lesson more -needed than now—that the Kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost. - So at any-rate should-' we be guarded avainst the commoner forms of vulgarity' and ostentation, of useless waste and mere parade, and to do this is but the outcome of our creed. ' Lastly, if we cannot see the way to fol low literally this example of socialism in the early Church, whether it was wise or unwise, we can at least recognise and honor its spirit, and prove what is cer tainly true—that then first have we known the full enjoyment of our gifts when we have begun to share them with others. 