Hov Toby May Caught the Bunyip. Bx ROBERT BRUCE, OF COMDAMBO. They were mastering the big sornb paddooka and BO there was quite a orowd ot fellows ronnd the oamp fire in the evening, who, after daly diaoassing all the sporting newe, somehow drifted on to the old bunyip legend and speculated as to the origin of it, some thinkiog a seal a long way ont of its lati- tude waa responsible for it, others that it originated in alligator stories, whioh might have come down from Northern Queensland through nativo rumours. Anyhow, they all set down the bunyip itself as a Betsy Frig Mrs. Harris, and were consequently rather surprised when Toby May (an old sailor), who han not previously spoken, joined in the conversation as follows: " Well, boys, you may believe it or not, bat I hun I ed a bunyip one Christmas night down on the Murray, and what's more, nearly loBt the number of my meas through it. Yon fellows seem to think the animal was a seal or an aligator ; I say it's a mermaid, leastways the one that I hunted was." "ComeToby, we shall have to hear that yarn," was the general cry, and the old chap, after putting away a pannioan of tea, Btarted his veraoiona narrative. "You Bee, boys, it's many years since that night, and by the Bame token, I was a regnlar greenhorn, seeing I'd only stepped from my ship a month before-the berth I'd got at Binieowie being my first one ashore. Well, that Christmas Day, there was a whole swarm of us in the men's hut, and by eight or nine o'olook in the evening moat of us were three sheets in the wind, for the boas had served ont a f ew bottleB of rum, and some of the ohapB had got one or two more on¡the quiet, whioh tnrned ont to be one or two too many, as you'll learn presently. " Well, I for one%ad got more grog under hatches than I oould oarry on an even keel, and that's how I came to start blowing about my swimming, and wanting to take the ?hine out of all hands right away. Yes, boys, I was primed up to the atioking point of Al asaification. " ' Oh, said Grus Pearoe, a rouseabont, who was the only person not drinking, and who'd been edging me on to make a fool of myself, ' wt can't swim, so what is the good of your challenging tis ? Bat look here, Toby, i/you can swim as well aa you can blow a German band I'll put yon up to a good thing.' And then he told me that on warm moonlight nights a small bnnyip was in the habit of swimming about in a deep hole close to the station, and that anyone who could oatoh it would be able to make a heap of money by it." "'In that oase it is a wonder it hasn't been oaught before this,' said I. " . Oh I nobody has seen it but me,' soys he, ' and I was keeping the thing dark, thinking I'd make a big haul; bnt as I oan't swim, and expect you'll go halveB, I'll give you the chance." ' Well, to make a long story short, the and tow it ashore if I did sight it, bnt I ought to have smelt a rat when nobody offered to go with me, 'Well, on I went, blundering for about half a mile or BO, now rolling into a gully and the next minit nearly head-reaching into the river, but oonld not see or hear anything, BO I nps etiok and tacks back towards the Btatioa, and when I had got within about ten fathoms of the big gum tree I thought I oould hear something in the water near it, so I juat slips off my boots and creeps toward the sound, and presently Bees something moving in the river ; then I peels off the rest of my dnnnage and I dives, and comes up right alongside of something swimming and splashing like mad, when, seeing what I mistook for a mane at the back of its neck, I grabs it, and then what does the bunyip do bnt screams out as loud and ahrill aa a Bteamer'a whistle : 1 Let go my hair, you villian. William 1 William 1 William I' 1 Well, boys, that bnnyip was the bose's wife-Mrs. Hawkins-in a sort of bloomer bathing rig ont, while the boss-he stood six feet two in his stockings-had shoulders aa wide as a door, and the strength of an ! elephant-was lazy as usual, banging on the bank, waiting for his wife while she > took a oooler, and I found afterwards ahe generally did in the hot weather before turnin' in, but I didn't know it then, as she'd only just arrived from Adelaide, where she'd been on a two months' visit to her friends. 'Oh, boys, I just let go Mrs. Hawkins' hair aa if it hud been red hot, and making a dive went down stream like a atriokly tee- total otter, and, by George, I was sober enough myself then. Still I had tocóme up now and again to breathe and be pelted with logB big enough to be busted np into a winter's firin' for a small family, and if one of those ohnnks had lighted on my wooden head the ghost of Toby May would now be hauntin' the reaohes of the Murray in the middle watches. ' It was luoky for me that the boss was in anch a rage, for though he oonld balanoe more bad words in the air at one time than an Indian juggler oonld balls, he could not throw straight, and directly I got over my firat flurry Í sheared out into mid stream, where tbe ohnnks oouldn't reach me, and off went the boss back to see to his missis, after telling me that ' he'd have me yet.' 'Well, as the boes didn't come baok I Btrnok in for a low placo in the bank and crawled ont of the water a heap smaller than when I went in. Yes, boya, I saw it all then 'cept one thing, and that was, how I was going to get out of the mnddlo.' 1 After squatting on the bank for a while I concluded to try and get my dunnago, and so I crawled along BB cautions as a nigger on the scent, sometimes lying flat on the ground with my ear to it, and then on again till I got to my boots, and I waa glad enough to get 'em, tor tho old dry Btutnps of grass had been giving mo partionlars, 1 Well, after I'd got my boots on I went for my other dnnnage, but couldn't find it. For why 1 Tho boes had pitched it into the river, and so, as Mr. Bingneok there would Bay, I was in nothing but bootitus. ' That was a nico pickle for a poor cove to be in, for though I did not look too bad in the dark, I wasn't rigged ont to shine in company, barring it might be at court, where, I'm told, a heap of dads is not considered do nigger ; leastways, young ladies don't need to empty a hawker's van before they aro interdooaed to Her Majesty, for they farley themselves all atannts when they've bent a pair of satin slippers, a Bash, kid gloves, and bunch of feathers, dusted theirselves alt over with powder, diamonds an* pearls, and got a conplo of fathoms or so of muslin towing astern. 'Well, boys, I shouldn't have minded ray state of decollytec, aa they call it, if the boss wasn't in snob a rage, and hadn't threatened to sot ' Mantrap'-tbo big bulldog he kept to worry wild pigs-on me, but thoro I I'd only got to trust in Providence and slip into tho station somehow. ' Woll, I'd just got to the big gates when out ruahea all the station dogs, fnll cry, and if I hadn't pop'd on to tho flat top of one of i tho gate posts, I believe thoae dogs wonld have served mo aa the Bombay vuiturea do ft dead Panes, and, aa it waa, the w re tehee kept darting np at me, like flame* of a big: firs kindled at the foot of m tree, would at the low branohea. ' Holy Moses I wasn't I frightened, for there were three or four kangaroo doga, nearly aa savage aa ' Mantrap' himself. beñdeB being aa active as evil spirits, so I had to just balance myself on one foot and keep the other going full speed, kicking at the infernal brntes for all I waa worth. ITaient it Incky I'd got my boots on, eh t But the fan was only young then, though J, felt ready to drop off that post, let alone the times I nearly lurched overboard after making an extra vioious kick at ' Spring' or' ' Banjo,' whioh were the worst of the pack, and seemed determined to have me. O 1 thinks I, aa I gritted my teeth, if Gus Pearoe waa only here, I'd be content to be turned into dog'e meat if I oould see him scoffed first. ' Then I heard the patter of a heavy dog's feet aa their owner oame fnll speed from the station, and then ' Mantrap's ' lovely yow "* yow, yow, close handy, and I began to fee' a oold sweat breaking out all over me ; to think of the ridiculous figure I was cutting, not to mention the danger, when a happy thought struck me, and I yelled ont, ' Beize him, Mantrap 1 Seize him, Banjo I' for they were mortal enemies, ' Scold him, boy« 1' and the next instant there was as pretty nn> all-round dog-fight ss a man might with to- ses, Mantrap and Banjo going in as prin- cipals, and all the others as aiders and abettors, but I dident stop to tee whioh Bide 'nd came ont on top, not me, for directly they got too interested in their own business mattera, that they had no eyes for anything else, I just dropped quietly off my perch and pnt for the huta as faat os I conld trot, look- ing ont ao as to m¡BS anyone who might be going to the carnival at the gate, but just aa I thought myself about landed, 'yap, yap came dose at my heels, and aa I rounded too to set the owner up in the boot line, I got a sternchaaer myEelf that nearly sent me sailing round the moon, and I thonght my head WBB jerked off. Then, before £ waa quite sure I wasent, the boss had got hold of me, and waa giving me particulars, white the terrier dog sharpened her teeth, on my hind legs ready for the next rat hunt 'Tho scare I'd had from the dogs was- hed enongh, but tbe predicament I was in then was worse, for 1 coon found out what the boss oould do whan fairly wok« up, and I waa juat aa helpless in bia olutches as a half-starved two-year-old kid in the hand» of a BBvage stepmother. Of course, it had been a miBtake on my part, bnt the boas didn't know that, and sa he wasent. particular about how hard or where he hit me, and till he got winded a bit I hadenc time to explain matte», though I managed, to gaap ont at last : ' For God's sake, Mr.. Hawkins, don't kill a feller I I didn't mean, to touoh the miaauB I' 'Then what did yon mean, you scoundrel f ' Oh I' I groaned, ' I waa three sheets in the wind, and Gua Fearoe Bet me on to oatoh a bnnyip. I did not know Mrs. Hawkins bathed in the river ; if I had I'd rather walked into a fire than gone near her,' at the same time managing to Bet one foot fair on Vixen's loins, whioh stopped her teeth-sharpening operations for the time, eeaing abe waa too busy with her tongue to think about employment for hei grinders. ' What did you do that for ?' said the bose, giving me a shake that nearly unshipped all my teeth. ' If Tio had been mistaking your shina foi her supper the last five minutes, aa she hos mine, I think you'd give her a hint that il waa a hoptiole delusion, same as I did, slr. ' "Well, we could not help laughing, and then he says-1 Well, May, if what you Bay about your behaviour to Mra. Hawkins is correct, I have certainly been too hard upoi you, BO jUBt go and dress yourself and eaj nothing about what has happened. I'L settle with the real culprits.' ' Of oourae, I was quite agreeable to di what the boes told me; bnt, as I was starting I said-promifOUB like-'I don't know i you set any Btore by ' Mantrap' and ' Banjo, bnt if yon do you'd better go and part 'em while there's anything of 'em left.' ' ' 0,' said the boBe, with what sonndei like an Irish compliment, and off he won to where the doga were goin' in big lioki with all hands pretendía' to stop 'em. ' Well, as I had had too much dog airead; that night, I left 'em to amuao my friende and while tho ooaat waa clear I pnt on ; olean shirt and pants and then atretohei ont on my bunk as if fast asleep, as a aigge would be an hour after he had got oatsidi a big wombat snake. 1 Presently in rolls Gua and hiB gang, an they were merry at my expense, for somehow they'd got to know about my oollaring th misais in the river, aad some of 'em wantei to rouse me np, bat Pearce said ' Leave hin: alone, he'll wake early enongh in th morning, for the boss 'Il kill him aa eui as eggs ia eggs,' and then they all laughed Gus aotingas fugleman, but jnst as they'i got their jackass chorus in fall blast wh should pep his head in at the door but Mi Hawkins, and as cool aa you please he sa] when they stopped their noise aa euddenl BB a lull oomoa in a cyclone, ' Don't let m interrupt your hilarity. I only want oi man. Will you kindly come with mi Fearoe ; I have a few words to say to yon i the office.' 'Master Gua looked aa if he had ju swallowed something that didn't agree wit him, but followed the boas like a little do that ain't oertaia what sort of a temper h: master's in, and one of the ohapa says ' I as soon be in Toby's Bhoes as Gua. W seen the boss like that before-I wondor i he knowa anything.' ' Well, nobody knew, and so nobod oonld say, besides, they seemed soben all at once, and have a lot to think aboi that did not ooncern other people, an BO they waited about for a bit an then one after acother turned into the bunks all standing, and in a little time wei off to sleep, Beela' they'd been over exert! themselves too muoh. " Well, I couldn't aleep myself, boin' tend in places, and nneasy like, and BO I ove hanled that evening's log, besides wonderii how far the corpae of Qua Fearoe had float down the Murray, when about 1 o'olook the morning, who should creep into tbe hi bnt GUB himself, looking aa pale as a tall chandler's ghoat, and cort ef rumpled lit as ».girl would say. Then he glanced toni to see if all handa wore asleep, and thi rolled up his swag and swung it on hia bao but unshipped it again as if It had been fr of stinging nettles, givin' a groan and ouraeat the same time, and after that ! stowed tt under hia arm and cleared ot He'd evidently caught a Tartar in the offi that he'd made a heap by. I fonnd ont af ti warda that the boas gave him his oheqt then dressed him down with a green hi riding whip, and pitched him out of t door, telling him that if he found him on t etation next morning he'd have another wh for him ; and so my f rt£id had crawled the wood heap, ohoae the softest log he con find, and tried to sit on it, while he cha» his breath into bad language, and waited t he contd sneak, unbeknownst, into tho h and get hts dram. I was nearly asking hi if he'd caught the bunyip, but thought wfa he hail oaught was punishment enongh, let him olear oat, thinking no one had so him. "In tho mornln' nil bands got thi travelling tlokcts, thc boas telling thom th aa they had BO little respect for him a Mra, Hawkins, he should have to get poo] who would, also that they need not oall agi at Dlnieowle, as they wcnld not be fed, mn lesa get work again. Aa for me, when t tnrn came-whioh waa last-I got £5 ol tho amount owing to me os a Balve, BO I boaa told me, for my brnisea, and a gc oharaoter, and when 1 was goin' out ho Ba] ' Look here, May ; 1 do not blame yon : what has occurred, but only for being foolish aa to let those idiots make auoh BBS of you.' Tant'» all, boya !" ?Australasian I ttttoralwtr Jlcview, I have keen a anderer from ohronio diarr boca over ulnae tne war and hare used ni kinda of medicines for it. Ah luau I found ono remedy that has been a auooecn aa a care, ami that ia Chamberlain'* Collo, Cholera nnd Diarrhoea Remedy-P. E. GBIBHAM, Gnnrs Mills, La. For salo by 0. G. Whitford, Chemist, Grafton,* 