The Schoolmaid and Her Father. Girls are generally credited with being more dutiful than their brothers to the wishes of their parents ; probably maternal influence is responsible for this. Boys— schoolboys at any rate—are pretty well all tarred with the same brush, their first step iu the direction of striking for liberty not in fr quently amounting to playing truant from school, or " wagging it/' us it is frequently termed. Whatever the early offences of young-iodies may be, they have rarely been charged with that of playing trunnt. As an instance of obedience to paternal wishes may be quoted the followingMiss Alice Warner is the daughter of Mr. George Warner,. of " Laimngton," Viclorie-road, Auburn. Miss Marner had been very ill, and upon returning front school she experi enced a continued languid feeling that made her most miserable. In the course of conver sation with a reporter she said ;—u Father took me to aee a doctor, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so there was no fear of my disobeying his order, and I took the * quinine tonic9 given roe with regularity. Then I commenced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back; and at. night X could scarcely get any rest." " We tried everything to induce sleep," interposed Mr. Marner, " but it had no effect. Then I consulted a well-known Collins-street practitioner. He said tny daughter was suffering principally from weakness and advised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip, but she returned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in the morning, and food taken could not be kept I down. She lost flesh and became a mere I ghost.™ ' " ThisTime last year," said Miss Alice, "I weighed 7sfc. 31b.; now I am 9«t. 7ib." | - " A great Improvement. Tour treatment I must have beneficial ? " |' " No - all (lie medicine I gob did me very ! little good. Actually Br. Williams's pink i pills for pale people deserve that credit. .Tost before the Jubilee holidays last year father bought a box of Dr. Williams's pink pills at Mr. Ple&sance;'s, Chapel-street, Prahran. J had heard eo much of the bene ficial changes which they had produced in others that I obeyed father's wishes that I should be jjareful to follow the directions. I 'inn glad to say that they did me eo. much good that I continued taking them. It is a | long time since11 discontinued taking them, and. I am now as healthy as anyone coiild wish" u And you would recommend tlie'm ? " *' Tee; and that strongly, too," said Mr. Mamcr. tl Had T known of Dr. Williams's pink pills two years before it would have saved me £100." A perusal of the foregoing must have shown you that Dr.' Williams's pink pills for pale people accomplish cureB aftermther remedies base failed.They did in MitB Merrier* case. For rheumatism, < influenza, bronchitis, pneumonia, sciatica, lumbago, general weakness, As., given a fair trial, they never disappoint. Avoid substi tutes and get the genuine pills with all' seven words—Dr. Williams's pink pills for pale people—printed in red ink on while outside wrapper. - Of chemists and storekeepers and the Dr. Williams Medicine Co., Adelaide, 3.A.; six boxes 15s. 3d., one box 2s. 91., post p*»id. These are the pills which cured Mies Maraer. The Fremdenbtatt ( Tourist Journal), which is published daily at Vienna, has the unique honor of. having on its staff the oldest working journalist in the world, Herr Leopold Hitter von Blumen cron, who was born on the 21st of February, 1804. On his 95th birthday, in February last, he was surprised to find the desk in his editorial office decorated with flowers. Her von Blumencroh still walks every morning to and from the Frembenblatt offices in bad weather and in good, mounts to the first floor, reads the papers at his desk, and writes'with his own hand a leaderette or paragraph for the evening edition, aB well as, in the afternoon.. one or two contributions to the morning issue. He was in the military and diplomatic services before he turned journalist and in his new profession utilized the ex periences, of his former callings. 