THE SCOTJBGrE OF . CANCER. IS IT BEALLY INCREASING IN ENGLAND? Within recent years, says the Daily ChronicUi tho scourge of cancer is popu- larly supposed to have increased in this country. That point is the text of a dis- cussion among medical men, which fills the new number of their recognised monthly magazine, " The Practitioner." Dr. News holme, the medical officer of health for Brghton, has studied cancer from the actuarial, as well as the medical, standpoint. This is what he says as to the amount of cancer in England and Wales :-" In the five years 1891-95 cancer was responsible for an annual registered mortality of 712, and in 1896 of 764, to every million of the population. Cancer causes about 6 per cent, of the total deaths registered among males at ages over 45, and over 7 per cent, of the total deaths registered among fe- males at ages over 45. Were the real facts known it would be found that the number of deaths due to cancer is oven greater than these figures indicate " MINEBS* IMMUNITY FBOM CANCER. Dr. Newsholme goes into statistics as to the local distribution of cancer and its mortality according to occupation. The theory that excessive nervous strain and anxious work provoke cancer does not receive support' in the fact that the com- parative mortality figure for medical men is only 48, while it is as high as 70 for brewers. Chimney sweeps occupy a supremely high position in mortality from cancer. It would appear that the irritating effects of the products of imperfeot combustion of coal is much more prone to bring ont cancerous activity than the manipulation of crude coal, though coal heavers have a somewhat high proportional amount of cancer. The low cancerous figure-for coal miners I indicates that they enjoy a comparative immunity from cancer, as well as from phthisis. He asks, " Can it be that we have to look to intemperate habits as being a main factor at work, rather than the particular occupation f" Next has there been any real increase of cancer mortality? Hts answer is that it is more apparent than reaL being due to more accurate diagnosis and better registration. CANCEE DITE TO A PAEASITE Mr. Primmer, pathologist to St. Mary's Hospital, records the results of extensive I investigations which he has made in reference to cancer. - These have led him to the conclusion that cancer is due to a parasite. During the past six years he examined microscopically 1278 cancers. He found parasitic bodies in 1130. The following ÍB remarkable :-f Frojn the last of these cases which have come into my banda"! was able to isolate an organism which in certain animals was able to cause death, with the production of tumors in various parts. The cancer from which this organism was , isolated was taken from the breast of a woman aged 35. It had a his- tory of only two months' duration, and it was growing rapidly at the time of the operation." CANOES HAUNTED HOUSES. We have all heard of ghost-haunted houses ; but surely there ÍB a new terror in the idea of cancer-haunted houses. Mr. D'Arcy Power contributes some curious ob- servations as to th predilection of cancer for particular places, and even for certain houses.. Hore is a case;-"Miss 6., aged 48, lived in a certain house in a suburb of London for 18 years, and died of cancer of the stomach in 1884. Miss T., aged 47, next occupied her bedroom. She had lived in the house for 20 years, and died of can- cer of the liver in October, 1685. Mrs. J., aged 67, who had hived in the house for eight years, succeeded to the place and to the bedroom successively occupied by Miss B. and by Miss T. Mrs. J. died of cancer in J893." Mr. D'Arcy Power cannot help thinking that such cases raise a strong presumption in favour af cancer being an Infective disease, to which some are much more susceptible than others. Locality seems to be a predominant factor, and he does not put great stress on a given room or house, or water supply. How CANCER CAN BE CUBED . The final question is, What can be done for patients suffering from cancer? Profes- sor Watson Cheyne takes the view that cancer is at first a local, rather than a constitutional trouble. In that view, if tho disease is detected early aud operated upon freely, the patient may be cured, "The attempt to cure cancer by other means than operation are, he \ says, invariably futile. What can be done "for a patient for whom nothing is possible in the way of actual cure P Th other words, ÍB it worth while living when a cancer is in full possession ? Says Professor Watson Cheyne : " In many * cases we can still do much to prolong life, and, what is of much more importance to these patients, to make such period of life aB remains to them much more tolerable." That is all. 