Short Story. A Case of Conscience. There were perhaps a score of people in the drawing-room of Westholme Towers. The assemblage included, among others, young Hudson, of the Guards, for whom I had conceived a vast partiality ; 'Wallace Lewin, known to me years ago, when he was consul at Jaffa ; Mr. Cail nan, the owner of the demesne adjoin ing my cousin Tom's ; and Mi*. Caiman's winsome daughter, Dorothy. Miss Cannan sat at the piano, while Tom, under pretext of turning over her music, stood close beside her, all plea santry and courtesy. Tom— tall aud well-built— showed at his best that evening— I noted it with gall iu my heart ; aud his jovial face was abeam with smiles. His diligent attendance ou Dorothy Cnnnan had been decidedly more pro nounced of late, lending colour to the rumour then current to the effect that he aud she were to make a match of ic. From my seat iu the embrasure oC the window, with bitterness and envy rank ling iu my breast, I watched them. Strive as I might— and I detested myself for harbouring the abject fancy— I could not help thinking of the consequences their union would entail upon me and my expectations. ' His life only is between me and eight, thousand a year,' I soliloquised fretfully. ' If he marries— faugh ! there's au end of my prospects. Not only that, his marriage will rob me of her whom I love as my life — more than my honour. Lose Dorothy ! I cannot bear to think of it.' My nerves were strained to their ut most tension that night. I felt un wontedly irritable and revengeful as I pictured the misery whiuli the near future had in store for me. And while I brooded thus darkly, I seemed to hear a voice— the Evil One's, surety— ever and anon whisper encourag ingly into my ear. ' Onty ltis life — only his life !' Thankful euougli was I when Lieu tenant Radson and Mr. Lewin, crossing tne l'.oor, broke in upou my churlish reverie. ? . ' What, moping alone ?' cried the lieu tenant, cheerily. ' This will never do ! Cheer up, old chap. .You seem out of sorts to-day.' ' Yes,' said I, wiping my brow. ' My htad feels bad— it's the hot room, I ?think.' ?? Well, come out with us into the library,' young Radson went on. 'Stay, though ! Lewin has just told me that you possess a museum of your own that is, a collection of bric-a-brac, silver ornaments and gew-gaws that you brought with you from the East. What do you say to displaying them to us both ? I should greatly relish seeing them.' Upstairs we went to my dressing room— ^ which adjoined my bedroom — ?where stood the oblong marqueterie table on which the articles were ranged, Tliev consisted of various silver kniek knaiiks of Indian filagree-work which I bad picked up in Bombay a year before, . 'with other bizarre samples of Oriental ? trurKtatinohlp wliich U - V 1 1 ebauCGtl to take my fancy. ' Very interesting,' said young Rad son, stifling a yawn, in the midst of my panegyrics. ' Shall we go downstairs again ? I hear Tom singing.' . ' Half-a- moment,' I interposed. 'You haven't examined this yet.' So saying, I picked up what I vainly imagined to be the gem of my odd col lection—an elaborately carved ivory sheath, in which reposed a no less artis tic Malay ltriss. The steel of the razor-edged weapon ?was fantastically inlaid with silver, aud it possessed some sort of historic value in having once been owned by the noto rious dacoit, Lai Mangas. The sheath I handed to the lieutenant, while Lewin stretched out his hand for the keen, curved blade. ' Very pretty, indeed,' commented Radson. 'Worth something, that, I suppose ?' Meanwhile, Lewin ran his finger along the edge of the kriss, a subtle smile upon his face. Then, as if seized with a sudden thought, he struck a tragic attitude, lifting the knife high above his head. ' Ha, ha !' he cried, aping the ortho dox transpontine villain. ' It's his life or mine ! Shall I strike ? Ha, ha !' Radson laughed hugely at the ex consul's ludicrous posture, a laugh in which Lewin himself presently joined. Then the kriss was once more placed snugly in its sheath, and we returned to the drawing-room. By this time my cousin had dragged himself from Dorothy's side, being now seated in close converse with her father. Thenceforward, to my mind, try as I might to win her attention, she appeared woefully reticent. Several times I caught her eyes roam ing in Tom's direction, and the soul of ; me waxed wroth at the inference I could not avoid drawing. And at one time I .thought she cared for me— thought she knew I cared for her. At that moment the voice smote my ears again with its insinuating liome thrnst— ; ' Only his life— only his life !' ' When the hour arrived for Mr. Cannan and his daughter to start for home, I escorted Dorothy to the carriage, Tom following at some little distance behind with her father. The pressure of her ' soft palm still lingered in my hand when I went up to my room for the night. ? Once again, like muttered thunder in my ears, there rose the . reiterated phrase — ' Only his life— his life !' II. After a wild tossing about on my bed. harassed and feverish, at length I dozed off. Was it a dream I- dreamed ' then— a horrible, torturing nightmare ? With all the strength that is in me, I pray that such a dream may never again fall to my lot. In ? the dead of night. I thought that an invisible, irresistible energy clutched hold of me, impelling me. helpless against its mandates, to deeds full of darkness, ingratitude, and treachery. In obedience to its behests. I dreamed that I rose from my bed, stole furtively into my dressing- room, and there took the ugly kriss from its scabbard ; I (T-,a- tlnctly recollect that I chuckled softly , —oh, the horror of it .'—as I saw the ' glint of the steel in the moonlight. I Then, I knew not how. I found myself gliding cautiously into my cousin's room, across the thick carpet to the side of his bed. A swift, strong blow, deep Into iiis heart, and it was done ! A cry— hoarse end appalling -broke the stillness of the n'gbt. and this it was, I suppose, that wakened me. | I sat up In 'bed shuddering. Merciful powers ! it was no dream ! The long drawn wail of mortal agony still rang upon the air. It came from the adjoin ing room— that of my cousin Tom. A cold sweat pouring out all over me, I blindly crept into my dressing-room and struck a light. Yes, it was no dream. The deadly kriss, lying bare and bloodstained on the little table con victed me. As I snatched it up again, to gaze aghast at its gory edge, the muffled groan once more struck upon my ears. Still retaining the weapon in my grasp, I darted out into the corridor. I saw the flicker of half-a-dozen caudles, as, roused by the outcries, the inmates of the house hurried, panic stricken, to the spot. With the ap pearance of the lights, Tom raised him self upon his elbow, stretched his arm towards me as if In denunciation, and then fell back— dead ! I have a dim vision of paled, awed faces around me, looking at ine lialf compassionately, half-loatliingly ; I saw the fearful gash in Tom's breast, from which the blood still trickled ; above all, like a scar in my memory, I recall tho red-tinged kriss around which my fingers tightened convulsively. When the police came I gazed at them blankly, unable to realise the import of their queries. I replied to them, at hazard, incoherently— ' His life !' I murmured, disjoint edly. ' I was in a dream. Somnambulism ! I don't understand. A crime — who says it was a crime ?' The police inspector shook his head pityingly, and turned to speak to young Radson. ' Yes, yes,' said the lieutenant, with evident reluctance. ' It sounds like a confession. He'll go quietly, I've no doubt. I'll accompany you, too.' So they led me, dazed and impassive, away. In a vague kind of fashion I knew that I was being taken to prison, and I managed somewhat to rally my scattered faculties. There was no use in concealing tho unconscious part I had played in this grim tragedy, and I unburdened my mind frankly. ' It's a terrible business,' said Radson, when I had finished. ' No, I don't blame you exactly. In that half-sleeping, half waking state, you were hardly respon sible for your actions. But it's a terrible — terrible business !' He need not have told me that, for when I was left alone the vivid recog nition of my guilt was more than I could bear. The many instances in which I was indebted to my cousin came to up braid me with the baseness of my in gratitude in ever countenancing an ill wish towards him. And in what way would his death benefit me now ? I could never be rich with his wealth, nor possessed of his lands ; Dorothy, too, would execrate my name, and hold my memory in deserved abliorence. Nothing remained for me but the ghastly farce of trial and conviction ; beyond loomed the gaunt, forbidding gallows. III. A man left alone with such thoughts as mine tastes an earnest of death. The leaden hours passed slowly by, and al though I could not have been inside the gaol over five hours, it seemed as many weeks to me before Lieutenant Radson returned. ' Phew !' he said, eyeing me intently. 'You seem the ghost of yourself. You ought not to give way like this.' ' Ought not ?' I echoed, bitterly. ' Do you expect me to laugh and dance under my sin ?' ' - ' Come, come ! it's not so bad as all that,' he added quickly. ' I've a ques tion or two to ask you. In the first place, why, did you pitch me that tale about a gruesome dream V' 'What do you mean?' I cried ex citedly. ' Why this— that you no more killed your cousin than I did !' 'What ! Is Tom not dead ' Unfortunately, yes. But you had no hand in- causing his death. The real murderer lias been found— wandering halt'-clad, and raving mad, upon the moor.' 'The real murderer!' I repeated vacantly. ' Have no fear ; he is in safe keeping now. He must have let himself out of the house immediately after the deed was done, still retaining, in spite of his undoubted insanity, a lurking notion of the necessity of flight. Of course, as soon as we missed him, the hue-and-cry was raised, with the result that he was discovered on the moor, as I have said, chattering to himself and chuckling over his atrocity. He particularly gloats over his frenzied cunning in having secretly filched the Malay kriss from your room, and in replacing it without disturbing you, after he had put it to the vile pur poses conceived by his crazed brain. Certainly, the poor fellow is not ac countable for his actions, yet his people are greatly to blame- — ' . ' But,' I interposed hastily, v you have not told me who this madman is.' 'Why4 it's the man you knew away in Jaffa — Wallace Lewin. His friends were at once communicated with, and ??' brother of his reached Westholme an hour ago. From him I learned that Lewin lias of late been somewhat erratic in his behaviour, the outcome, no doubt, of the sunstroke he sustained a few months back in the Levant. Ever since then he has been subject to pferiodic fits of melancholia, but nothing serious was thought of them ; certainly, nobody imagined that they would culminate, as they have done, in a seizure of homi cidal mania. What impelled him to vent his delirious spleen upon your cousin, rather than upon any one else, I can't understand, unless, indeed,- it was for the reason I have already mentioned— the apparent ease with which the mur der could be fathered upon you. That, too, seems to be Mr. Cannan's theory.' ' Ah ! Has Mr. Cannan ? been to the Towers ?' 'He. came directly he heard of Tom's death. By the way, we were all at fault with regard to Tom and Mr. Can uau's daughter. I had a long talk witli the old man, and, from what he said, I conjecture that Tom was endeavouring to smooth the path for you. Aware that her father would probably discounte nance any engagement between you and: his child, because of your unsatisfac tory position financially, Tom^-the mag nanimous fellow— even hinted at settling a substantial annuity upon you, on con dition that Mr. Cannan withdrew all obstacles. That expedient will now no longer be needed ; equally, of course, Miss Cannan knew nothing of these pending negotiations.' ' And she ?' I murmured. ' Have you seeh or heard anything of her ?' ' Onty that she is in a state of anxiety and indignation on account of your arrest, nigh bordering on distraction. Her father has gone to see about get ting you out of this infernal hole, and if I might advise you, I would suggest that you drive straight to his house, and set her at rest. Hark,' added lie, as foot steps drew near the cell door, ' here comes Mr. Cannan to carry you off.'— ' Weekly Sun.' 