AT THE CLUB. The Poet hoped the Club would not sit too long on this occasion as he had left an ode unfinished in order to attend the usual gathering of his confreres. The Editor thought there was no lurking desire on the part of anybody to unduly prolong the meeting. Up jumped the Sport and he said, 4 We will cut the meeting a trifle short provided the Poet will solemnly promise not to read the ode at the next gathering. ~ The Poet here got a subdued 1 fury ' in working order, and abruptly ex claimed that he did not believe in ca&ting; pearls before swine ' The Dramauc Critic then wanted to know if this was a fair remark to make. It meant a covert insult to the concentrated intellect of the Club. The Sport seemed to be looking for blood—in a genial sort of way. In a loud whisper he asked the Poli ician to try and bring in a Bill to make odes a capital offence. 4 What's the use of all this V said the Cyclist, 'I've got a yarn to tell you.' 4 Get off your mark then,'said the irrepressible Sport. Quoth the Cyclist:—4 Over in Coolgardie a certain journalist made bis way to the front not so much in newspaper work as in other directions —semi-public affairs. NaturaUy he did not escape the infliction of a Jay P'thip, but it was not often that he was called upon to exercise his magisterial functions. Now this journalist—strange to say—was par ticularly prolific in profanity, and personally I can attest his verbal embroideries. Oae day the Jay P's of the town were nearly all away, and he was rushed into a seat on the Bench alongside an auc ioneer, who also had a pretty voluble vocabulary. There were only a couple of cases listed, and the first one was that of a man who had been guilty of using obscene language. After hearing the evidence the auctioneer turned to the newspaper man and said in a whisper 44 What shall we do with this man V " Oh " returned the journalist, " Obscene language is a serious offence. Let's give the blanker six blanky months !"' 4 Next please,' sang out the Editor. 41 know that call and am with you.' replied Close Shave. ' I was told a story the other night of a Scotchman who was in the habit of getting tight, and nothing would break him off bis devotion to the Mountain Dew. His sons looked with alarm at his frequent indulgences, and resolved to try and cure him of his excesses by playing a practical joke on him. It was noticed that when he returned from the house of the McTavish he invariably came home with a bigger " load" than usual. To get home he had to cross a churchyard where tombstones marked the resting-place of many a braw brither Scot. One son determined to scare the old man by playing the ghost. Accordingly one night when old Tarn was coming through the churchyard he appeared before t^e boozy parent in all the pallor of ghostly array. Seeing the " ghost" move in front of him took the breath away from the hardy old Scot for a moment, but recovering almost immediately and noticing all the tombstones about him, ho asked quite cheerily, " Ex—cuseme—hie—are you by yourser or is there a general up rising amongst you all ?" This flabber gasted the young man, who cast the sheet aside and sorrowfully helped his erring parent home.' ' My turn,' ejaculated the Artist. 'There was a young fellow who was regularly in the habit of " doing time " at Pentridge Gaol, Victoria. During his incarceration there he was em ployed as ostler, <fcc., amongst the police horses. He proved to be a very handy man in and around the stables, and he used to have the harness bright and clean, much to the delight of the bobbies. He finished one sentence, but he was back very soon afterwards and was sent to his old work—that of ostler. Directly he saw the ioside of the stable and the harness and accoutrements disarranged he let fly a volley of oaths, ending up in this fashion, " Well, it's very hard when I can't leave this place for a fortnight but what some fool must come and mess things up for me."' ' This is a true story,' said the Dramatic Critic. Several members of the Club wished to know if the Dramatic Critic caso any doubts on their veracity as story tellers. ' Not at all,' said the Dramatic Critic. 'This story relates to a pro minent South Aus ralian official who has a bright little son. This un believing youngster had some doubts as to the efficacy of prayer, and as it was near Christmas time it was re solved to give prayer another chance. He earnestly desired a bicycle, and told his father so, at the same time saying that he intended that night to pray for one. His father told him he was sure the boy's prayer would be answered, and the pater set off for town and purchased a gorgeous red wheeled tricycle. That night it was brought home, and the little fellow had prayed for a long while for a bicycle so the wife in formed the husbmd. The tricycle was duly placed in the child's room, and in the morniDg the parents went in to see the young hopeful and hear what he had to say. The father said, " Well, Willie, your prayer has been answered, hasn't it ?' "No," was the startling rejoinder, " I thought God would know the difference bebween a bicycle and a tricycle /" ' ' We talked about the heat wave last week,' broke in the Political Potherer, 'have any of you fellows ever met a first-class cold weather liar ? From the answers it appeared they all had. ' I think I met a champion last week,' said the Political Potherer, and he didn't come from Klondyke either. He was a mate on a sailing vessel, and he told me that one time they got down amongst the icebergs, and it was so cold they were afraid to speak.' ' Why V asked the Sport. ' Because if they did, he said the words they uttered froze into blocks of ice as they fell from their lips !'. 