Fairies on the Richmond. Ail old-country peoplo who know anything of tho legendary lore relating to the supernatural peoplo who are credited by the superstitious with an influ ence in their affairs, and which is drawn upon for many an interesting and thrilling fireside story the world over, will be interested to hear that the exist ence of fairies on the Richmond has been testified to in a court of justice thero. Fairies aro tho national ghosts or spooks of Ireland, and although their oxis tence and influence is believed in by many of that nationality, we do not think it is generally held by such that those spirits havo ever been known to emigrate and take up their abode in any land out of sight of the green hills of Erin. From a case heard before Judge Coffiey at tho last District Court at Ballina, it would seem, however, that these evil spirits havo settled in strong force on tho Richmond and are exorcising their pernicious influence thoro From the evidonco in the caso in question, it appears that a man named R. Wilsou owned a farm at Rous, which ho leased to A. J. Brown, at the same time selling to tho latter a quantity of stock and goods. Ho then went to Westralia. Oil his return he sued to recover some of these goods, which he de posed wore not included in the sale. In his evidenco he said he did not tell Evans, the man who worked on tho farm for Brown, that his reason for not attending tho Court on a previous occasion was be cause the 'Brownies' and 'Fairies' would not allow him to go. But hi admitted that his reason for lotting tho farm was because the Fairies wore exercising some subtle influence over him, which ho felt was crushing him. They sometimes took his head completely away, and at other times they caused a numbness in his head. But ho generally got relief when he read, and ho would read anything that fell into his hands. When ho let the farm to Brown thoro were 2-J acres of cano, and also some poultry. Brown was to leave these as well as the tools and farm implements when ho went out. The least he could havo dono was to havo loft halfa dozen old hens.' J. A. Brown deposed that whon Wilson camo back from West Australia, he stayed with him (Brown) for some time, and on his leaving for Queensland he gave him a couple of pounds. Wilson said he could not stop iu the placo as the 'Fairies' were always annoying and haunting him. He said the 'Fairies' of two different nationalities were contending about him. One of these nations wore, the Hibernians. 