ITEMS OF NEWS. COHMIB6IOHEB FOE QDEENBTOWN.—OOT Hobart correspondent wired as follow* lut night:—It is stated that a most competent lawyer has toen selected for the post of Com-, mi&tooer; for QaeeoBtown. LATE TRAIN.—The evening train from Straban was almost an faonr late in arriving at Qucenelowo yesterday. The reason of the delay was a fciight accident which occurred to the engine. POLICE CODBT.—Thomas B a tier, a yonng man who on tbe previous evening bad Been arrested on tbe charge o£ insulting Constable Hnrrington in Orr street, was remanded yesterday morning to appear at the police coart on Friday. THE WKATHEB.—Tbe son has again disappeared from view after bestowing tbe light of his countenance on the West Coast for scver«l days last week. , Since Friday c last a succession of Bhon-ere has b^en experienced daily, and the temperature is almost low enough for winter. I&IBH; NATIONAL FORESTERS.—A summoned meeting of the SarsBeld branch of the Iri&h; National Foresters will be held at Barry's Hotel, Gormanston, on Thursday, 14tb inst., at 8 p.m. Snor ASSISTANTS' BALL.—The ball to be held by the ebop assistants in Cairns 1 Ball this evening promises to be the most sucoen* fol of the many functions held tinder the aa&pices; of tbe Association during the past season. Tbe ball will be gaily decorated by drapery lent for the occasion by the shopkeepers, and in every way the committee has specially catered for tbe comfort and entertainment of its patrons. CRICKET.—The Shop Assistants' Cricket Club will play tbe Converters 1 team in the Recreation Ground this afternoon. The Shop Assistants' team will be picked from the followingJ. Johnson (capt.), Jardine, Carroll, Whittington, Hull, Oakley, Poalter, M'Cann, Botherford, vVhtlcomb, Jones, Boandy, Quayle, ' OPENING OF A KEW HOTEL.—Mr P. P. Long, of Korth Lyell Hotel, for which he recently gained a licence, formally threw the doors of the bnilding open to the public last night The imt>oriant event was fittingly celebrated, but doe order was maintained, the men conducting themselves admirably. QOHIKG SOCIBTV.—A meeting of the committee of the Queenstown Homing Society was held at Paget's Hotel last night. It was decided to fly a race on Wednesday next from Begntta Point to Queenstown. Mr. M. Donnelly, a former secretary of tbe Launceston Society, was appointed secretary, and Ur A. Carling treasurer. Nominations for the match will be received on Tuesday evening next WALKING HATCH.—A. W. Cabill has aocepted the challenge of W. H. Henderson to walk him three distances, viz^ 8, 6, and 7 miles. The contest will take place in Cairns' Hall on Saturday evening next. ' A GHOST IN A MINE.—From Blayney (re* ports the Sydney " Australian Star") comes the news that a ghost is causing consternation among the men employed at the local copper mine. It appears that this ghost confines its attention to one particular shaft and-the miners hoar issuing from that vicinity strange noises, bells ringing, chains clanging, mingled jvith much sighing and awe-inspiring strains. Men, too, going to their work have bad tbelr candles inexplicably extinguished, and have felt tbe presenceof asupernatural visitor. Six miners have already knocked off work out of sheer terror. The owners of the Blayney copper mine are probably to be congratulated. A ghost seldom haunts a locality|cf that description for nothing, and the chances are thnt a careful examination of the haunted spot will reveal some rich mineral discovery. The same game was tried many years ago at Hanging Bock, and resulted in tbe disoovery of one of the richest reefs in thexlistrict. The ghost on that occasion, who turned out to be a certain cunning old-hand miner, was only saved from lynching by speedily giving him- 6elf np to the police. HUNTING THE KAKOABOO.—The; German idea of the kangaroo, an which Artemus Ward describes as M an amoosin 1 cuss," is a trifle basy, judging from the fol lowing extract from " Deutsche Battler Zeitung," a trade journal published in Berlin: —"The large demand in the States for kangaroo skinB has induced eornc of the tan tiers to fit out hunting expeditions for Australia and New Zealand, but these have not been very successful because it bas not been possible to properly control the hunters employed, and moreover, kangaroo hunting is attended with great danger lo tbe huntsmen. The animal rushes with lightning speed upon its opponent, tearing open the breast with its enormously powerful fore-claws, and so causing spehiy de&th;, Each hunting party must .consist of at least eight men, alt skilled ridtrs. The .beast* are hunted by means of men tiding ipto their herds armed with spears and clubs/ As soon as one vi tbe e&lmali; Is killed It Is drawn jbut£>Elbe Ud^sHnneS,^udlii hide aue'ebed ?pb&lte;#mo3%yineanBita wooden pc^»io JrtTpventft jhiJnkiBg^i-The only Vsngaiy fej-toe^eea IniJewZeidaalate dime In fiy rajoju *i2oe,''ihd iii^uBgaous nature ftjfhe Jmutlng, BtewW'tte method »f -caijjfng U'onVfcraqottetaew to the Australian. „P/obaMy rJHie jiaitienUn •ppllea-tp 'rtK&d; «ena,4)e Rouge mont, :•.... .'..•.. . " Tailoring antnnted ti i Chapman la made n the fiiemlses nnder,ids Own fcereonal • supervision.* Don't fall to lospect men's hpsieiy, eblrta, tics, and hata ln variety. Tweed, oottl, noleskitt, and Jungaroe trousers; culte, -coats, wonderfully low nrioea. ABEEB'B, Importea, Sdcht «treet_* A call of S« pa share has been made on all lares of the Queen Uount Julua Co, • . ' Afint-claasbairdraser is reqnlredliy Mr ' 0\. J. Wood, Oonnanaton, II* B. O. Broadby, baotmaktr, Orr street, opposite the«ankW Anstralasia,Jiaia large stock of boots and ehoa on hand. By advertisement he announces hls abUlty to make hand-sewn boots, eta, to order. He makes a ~ c|K»ialityof repairing b»ts, performing his . work neatly and with despatch. ~ A solicitor having had experience in ltdbonrne, Sydney anaDnnedin law courts, ex* s - presses hfs willingness by advertisement to join another solicltor on the West Tenders are Invited Iby advertlsement for the constructton of a tiouse Tor the mans^er. of the North Mount LyeUOo/at Kelly Basin. Flans and specifications may be seen at the Cooipany's office, Melbourne, at Eelly Basin, ' idat^.-'L; Hoodie,Hobart v ^ Tenders are invited by Mr A. O. Wallace, architect, Qormauston, for excavating the .alt* of Jiie.~.proppaed coffee palace, at Gor-. 'mansion. Tenders .are also invited by Mr Wallace for carting SO.OODft of timber and 5000 bricks from Queenstown to Gormsniton. 