THE SERMON. ON THE SERVICE R CHRIST. by REV. A. J. CAMPBELL. D.D. "Occupy till 1 come."—Luke xlx. 18. I \ ou know the difference between occupy-1 ing and owning—between the occupier and * owner of a house. Christ'B disciples did not seem to understand the difference. ^ appointed to them a kingdom they thought that He had conferred upon j them certain valuable rights and honour- ! able posts; they expected that they would sit ' upon His right hand and His left in that ! kingdom. To clear away these misappre-! hensions, their Lord related to them thefol lowing story:—A Roman nobleman had suc ceeded to an inheritance, but could not enter into possession until his right had f^'Vi?0]"10wledged by the Emperor, and for that purpose he must repair to the metropolis and make good his claim before his liege lord. This was all the more neces sary, because there was a powerful faction m ins Kingdom who were resisting his authority, and would do all they could to rob him of his rights. Apprehending that ins absence might be prolongcd-which would involve him in much loss, if it did not throw his kingdom mto serious disorder— summoned his servants together, in vested them with a certain measure of authority, and assigned to each of them a special work which he was to attend to 17,™ Dlfng 0Ver' at ,tIle, 6a™e time, to each a ! "I, money, which he was to use in profitable trade, so that when his lord re turned^ he might receive his own "with a AfC0?din&y;, when the nobleman returned—having made good his cause—he i"8i serva«ts together again that he might reckon with them. Two of them, he '!rnrfe' aPplied themselves to t/ieir nfTn "J1 j .dlIl«ence and skill that °,f, tnem had increased his money ten '£»H a 1?ther ?ve,"foId' A third, who dis trusted his masters goodness, had done no TbS at all> and earned no monev J hat slothful servant was cast out of his kingdom. His enemies, who hated him and had rebelled against him. were destroyed. *. jSxiD- llke V that the disciples under stood this parable at first, but tliev would soon arrive at its meaning. Their Lord was about to leave them and return to the father.. From Him He was to receive all power in Heaven and earth, and-heeause j i j i?d, T'ghteousness and done it, and had bated iniquity, and put awav sin by the sacrifice of Himself—there would be put into IJis hands the sceptre of righteous ness, that He might reign over the nations as a I nnce and a Saviour, giving them re i'l™ ,?U°? ?i!d/fmissi,°? of sins- Meanwhile the uorh that he had begun on earth must be earned on by His disciples. They were to establish His kingdom and extend it to i the ends of the earth. In God's name they were to command all men everywhere to j repent and to believe the Gospel. Thev ^?rt°4 £ a ,fl'ee Pardon of sin and eter nal life to all who did not count themselves unworthy of them. And these proclama tions and gracious offers were to be made, without exception, "to every creature" these were great works to put upon I tj I i!10 rs °f these Galilean fishermen. But they were not left without support. Heaven sent them the Holy Ghost—Christ promised that He would be with them alway. And if they kept in mind that they ; were not lords over God's heritage, but ser (vants only, occupying till Christ comes again, God promised that He would work I "J continually, both to will and to do ; ot His good pleasure, so that thev would he able to make proof and manifestation of the character which Christ had alreadv impressed upon them, as "the salt of the earth working on its corruption, and the lights of .the world "shining upon its dark ness. 1 hese works and heavenly supports have come down to us. We, through the grace of God, have been called to take up Christ's service, and to carry on the work of His kingdom. And we ought to count it one ?f I , •? .efc. credentials of Christianity that, while it is lighting up in our hearts the hope of that nobler existence which awaits us in the other world—here, and now, it is summoning all our activities of body and mind into healthful play, and is setting U6 to work at things that are worth working at—good and gainful things—hy winch we may not only redeem the present 7 waste, but may lay up treasures in heaven, and prepare ourselves for the larger employments of that higher sphere. But I must explain myself. For at this point gome good men make a great mis take. Because our Lord declared before Pontius Pilate that "His kingdom is not of this world" they maintain that we can n.f)f give Christ faithful service unless we abjure—not only the evil that is in the world, but the world itself, and stand aloof from its worics^ and manifold material in terests, except in so far as is necessary for earning our daily bread. But that'con struction of our Lord's words is utterly wrong. It is contradicted bv His own praver for His Disciples, in which He be seeches Gold not to take them out of the world, but to keep them from the evil of ij ',ad keen taken out of the world, and had gone either to heaven or to the desert fit did not matter which), how could they have testified for Christ, or pub-' fished the glad tidings of the Gospel, or let men see itswondrous power in changing the slaves of sin into the free servants and sons of God? Evidently what our Lord wished Pilate and all men to understand, when He declared that His kingdom was, not of this world, was that it did not. de rive its_ existence from this world, as all other kingdoms do; neither did it rest on. or in any way depend upon, this world or draw any power from it. If His kingdom had been of this world it would have been no better, and no stronger than this world. It could have wrought no deliverance upon the earth. It could not have lifted it out of the horrible pit of moral pollution into which it had sunk, and have started it on its return to God. But that _ was the very object for which this kingdom had come. It ii ,con,e from above, armed with « .e, ^sources of heavenly power, and richly stored with all those things which we so sorely need—righteousness and truth, and love—those qualities which go to make im a perfect man. But those qualities which come to us, not in an ab stract wav, but embodied in the person and life of Christ, and which constitute the savour of the salt of the earth, and the lustre of the lights of the world, must he exhibited to men in active and attractive operation. # And that is the work with which Christ requires everyone who calls himself a Christian to occupy himself until Ha comes again. To do this efficiently it is not necessary that one should have the training, or.,should assume the office of a minister of the Gospel, It- is enough that he should take up the character of Christ, and live, the life of Christ-=-that, whatever he does, whether in word or deed, he should do all in the name and under the authority of Christ. For thUB men who look at him will Bee that there is such a thing as righteousness in the earth, for here is a man who has been turned from his iniauity, and is working righteousness; and such a thing as truth, for here is a man i who hates a lie, and speaks truth with his neighbour; and such a thing as love, for here is a man who envies no one, hates no I one, bears no one malice, but loves and : blesses and forgives—helps the helpless and | does good even to the untruthful and un just. Such a man will certainly find, when the day of reckoning conies, that, however humble the | earthly sphere in which he has moved, j and however common the earthly calling at which he has worked, his life and labours have not been lost. All the time he has ' been serving Christ, and has been turning the pounds entrusted to him to the most | profitable uses on His Master's account— has been converting them, indeed, into the currency of heaven. This certainty in regard to the final issues [ of life is surely a blessing which we ought to greatly covet in this disappointing and deceitful world. I need not tell you how many men there are who make a start in life with good heart and hope, intelligent, straightforward, and hard-working men. who seem to lack nothing that they need but success. But pecuniary losses, ill health, family troubles, and public calami ties assail them, paralyse their energies, and wreck their lives. While we pity those victims of misfortune, we ought to remem ber that there is one door open to us by which we may escape, at least, such total failure. To the servant of^ Christ such a catastrophe is impossible. For it is one of I the prerogatives of His kingdom, and one of the most precious privileges of His ser vants, that, while they are not exempted from earthly troubles, these afflictive [ events, instead of working tliem harm, are made to work together for their good, especially in the way of loosening them from the tyranny of this world, and bring ing them into a closer conformity to the | image and example of Christ. As an illus I tration and proof of this last statement I shall give you the experience._ of an old fellow-student of my own. He was a young man of distinguished ability. Chemistry, with its subtle, and at that time almost unexplored, secrets, fas cinated him, so he devoted himself to it with extraordinary energy, in the hope of becoming a public teacher of that science. But now mark what happened. Just when he had reached the point for which, during seven years of preparation, he had been striving, and had gained an altogether un rivalled reputation, and made arrangements for opening extra medical classes with high prospects of success, his bright liopa? were blasted by a sudden and terrible access of disease, and he was thrown aside like a stranded ship upon the shore. And, ob serve, here was no wornout vessel, carrying a worthless cargo. This man had been-en dowed by bis Maker with faculties of a high and very unusual order, capable of working out results of great value to men, which he, on his part, had cultivated and had raised to such power that he seemed des tined to reach the highest pinnacle of scien tific eminence. But now all this labour seems to be lost, and this precious vessel seems to have become one of the world's castaways. But was it really so? If you had put that question to him, he would have told you that that cruel breakdown had been indeed the turning-point in his history. For in that furnace of deep afflic tion there had come to him a change of priceless value, so that, although he came out of it a weak and mutilated man, he brought with him a possession of infinite worth which richly compensated him for all his suffering and loss. In other words, i the lifeless form of religion which had j hitherto satisfied him had given place to a 1 true and a very ardent faith in the Cross. And as a necessary consequence he had at, once shifted the centre of his life from him self to Christ. For him to live had up to this time been personal distinction, scien tific fame, and popular applause. For him | to live now was Christ, His kingdom, and His service. But these new aims and occu pations did not estrange him from the old. He was as enthusiastic as ever, and as pro found in his researches, but not so proud of his success. Now that he had beheld what manner of love the Father had be stowed on us that we should be called the sons of God, that high relationship sur rounded all things with a new interest and charm. All beautiful things of creation put on new beauty, and all wonderful things of Nature seemed more wonderful now that he knew that the Maker and Owner of them all was his God and Father, recon ciled in Christ. And although often hin dered by the weakness of the flesh, while he filled the technological chair which he had got established in -the University of Edinburgh, he set himself, with a zest that knew no flagging, and a diligence that knew no weariness, to trade with the scien-1 tific talents and powers which his Lord had committed to him, and to occupy till lie shall come again. 