Cfte Softool maid and fier Father, Girls are generally credited with being more dutiful than their brothers to the wishes of their parents; probably maternal influence is responsible for this. Boys—school boys at any rate—are pretty well all tarred with the same brush, their first step in the direction of striking for liberty not infrequently amounting to playing truant from school, or "wagging it," as it is frequently termed. Whatever the early offences of young ladies may be, they have rarely been charged with tliat ol' playing truant. As an instance of onedience to paternal wishes may be quote i the following: Miss Alice Marner is the daughter of Mr. George Marner, of "Lamington," Victoria-road, Auburn. M'.ss Marner had been veiy ill, and upon returning from school she experienced a continued languid feeling that made her most .miserable. In the course of 3011- versation with a reporter she said: "Father took me to see a doctor, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so, there was no fear of my disobeying this order, and I took the 'quinine tonic' given me with regularity. Then I commenced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest." "We tried everything to induce sleep," irterposed Mr. Marner, "but it had n> effect; then I consulted a well-known Collins-street practitioner. Ho said my daughter was suffering principally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but she returned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in the morning; and food taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh, and became a mere ghost." "This time last year," said Miss Aiice, "I weighed 7 st. 3 lb.: now I am 9 st. 7 lb." "A great improvement; your treatment must have been beneficial?" "No: all the medicine I got did me very iittle good. Actually Dr. Williams" Pink Pills for Pale People deserve that credit. Just before the Jubilee holidays last year father bought me a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills at Mr. Pleasance's. Chapel- street, Prahran. I had heard so much of the beneficial changes which thev had produced 011 others that I obeyed father's wishes that I should be careful to follow the directions. I am glad to say that they did me so much good that I continued with them. It is a long tiruo since I discontinued taking them, and I am now as healthy as any one could wish." "And you would recommend them?" "Yes; and that strongly, too," said Mr. Marner, "had I known of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills two years before it would . have saved me a hundred pounds." A perusal of the foregoing must have shown you that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People accomplish cures after other remedies have failed. They did in Miss Marner's case. For rheumatism, inilueii?a, bronchitis, pneumonia, sciatica, lumbago, general weakness, &o.;, given a fair trial, they never disappoint. Avoid substitutes, and get the genuine pills, with all seven words—Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People—printed in red ink on white outside wrapper. Of chemists and storekeepers and the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Adelaide, S.A,: six boxes fifteen and three pence, one "box two shillings and ninepence, post paid. These are the pills which cured Miss Marner. No friends are like old friends ; they are the true friends and proved, as BICKFORD'S COUGH ELIXIR is proved to be the best cure for Coughs and Colds. All storekeepers and chemists sell it. 