THE PORTLAND MILLIONS. THE UNDERGROUND DUKE. The late Duke of Portland was essentially a man of mystery. He was known to the world as the under ground duke. The range of Welbeck Abbey, standing in its park ten miles square not far from Nottingham, was not enough for him, and he bur rowed beneath it and built chambers, and halls, and passages, amid which he flitted like a ghost. He was unapproach able of his fellows. His attendants dared not speak to him. His food was placed on a table at which he was not seen t.) sit, left there, and he emerged from his hiding place and ate it up. He roamed his subterranean picture gallery alone and feasted his sense of the artistic on splendid pictures, whose beauties he never shared in company with another. He sat in some hidden nook and watched his horses being exercised on a tan track a quarter of a mile in length. He had a ballroom, too beneath the sod, but he never joined the dancers who responded to the music that rose to the vaulted roof. When he went to Scotland, to Ayrshire or to Caithness, to visit his estates, he travel led alone. He kept no company of any sort. 1he grounds were closed to the people when he was there. By this veto Troon was condemned to a standstill existence through many years, and had to be content as best it could to see its sister towns grow into fashionable watering places while it remained a dull seaside town prosaically shipping its coals to Ireland and to parts abroad. He was in the world, yet not of it; a lone, melancholy misanthrope, who could not bear to be known of his fellows, or even seen by them-and all, it is said, because he was smitten of some incurable skin disease, with which no medical skill could cope, and which nothing could be done to, alleviate. The owner of vast estates, and rich to the extent of some £300,000 a year, he lacked the happiness possessed by the humblest laborer on his lands. It he could not endure being looked at, neither could he find satisfaction in playing the Good Samaritan behind the scenes; and when he died he departed, like the old Israelitish King, without being desired. But if there be any truth in the story which appears to form the basis of the Drnce claim to the Portland title and estates, his Grace had another side to his character, and one not less remark able than that of the ducal millionaire misanthrope. He was at once the nobleman and the commoner ; the un derground Duke and an everyday man of business and of the world ; a solitary wanderer in the subterranean grottoes of Welbeck Abbey and a merchant of the city of London ; a celibate and a married man. He was, the Dru3e story asks us to believe, a dual person ality; and exceeding the bounds of fiction, he is alleged to have died as the commoner, and the merchant, and the benedict, and the father of a ilegitimate son who should have inherited his rank and titles and estates, and to have lived on as the celibate Duke. His remains, as plain Mr Druce, were, it is said, in terred in Highgate Cemetery in 1864, while he himself, as his Grace of Port land, lived on till 1879. The Dince coffin, it is alleged, is empty, and there are witnesses ready it is athrmed to swear they saw " Old Mr Druce" years after his so-called funeral in Highgate, and that they actually "chaffed" him about his funeral Such is the sort of story that formed the groundwork to the claim now being put forward by Mrs Druce on behalf of her son. So satisfied is Mrs Druce that she can can make her case good that she has confidently predicted that her son Sydney will be Duke of Portland by Christmas ! It is pretty safe to say that he will be nothing of the sort. Whether he will ever be a Duke at all, indeed, must be regarded as in the i furthest degree problematical. Mrs Druce, however, is well backed finan cially, her agents have made careful in quiry into the bona fides of her claim, and there is every chance of a cause 1 celebre. In the whole circumstances, and in view of the remarkable character of the whole business, a detailed state ment of the case cannot fail to be in teresting as well as informing to our readers. Mrs Druce s maiden name was Anna Maria Butler. Her father was steward to the Earl of Pembroke, and that nobleman, acting as one of her guardians, on the death of her father, sent her from Ireland, where her early years were spent, to England, for her education. At college she was a co student with Frances, the sister of her future husband, and it was through the close friendship she formed with this young lady that she first met Mr Walter Druce. He was the son of Mr Thomas Charles Druce, of Baker-street Bazaar and Hialcombe House, Mill Hill, Hendon, and Mr Druce, junior, had no reason to believe that he was other than he seemed. The young couple lived happily enough together after their marriage. Their circumstances were good, and they enjoyed life in the or dinary fashion until the death of the husband in 1880. Mrs Druce was then left with two children, and she had a hard enough struggle to make Bnds meet. She took to residence in board ing houses, and eked out a ra her Bohemian but in every way honor able existence until, early this year, she announced to an astonished world, and to an amazed and in credulous London society, that her son Sydney was none other than the heir to the dukedom and wealth of Portland, and that Thomas Charles Druce, of the Baker-street Bazaar, the lad's grandfather, was indeed, also, in Jekyll and Hyde fashion, the under ground Duke, the recluse of Welbeck Abbey. Druce, otherwise the then Marquis of Tichfield, married according to the claimant, Annie May, an illegitimate daughter of the fifth, Earl of Berkeley. Lord George Bentinck, his brother, was a rival with him for the hand of the fair Annie, and the father of the two young men favored his suit. He treated the Marquis, when he re monstrated, with scorn and contempt, and referred in very gross terms to the skin disease from which he suffered. In 1848 Lord George Bentinck was found dead at Welbeck Abbey. The cause of death was said to be disease of the heart. There is a dire suggestion that there was another cause. " From that time," accord ing to Mrs Druce, "my husband's father suffered the keenest remorse and the most abjpct fear. Nearly always in a state of terror, he took various courses tor his protection, and, adopting the name of Thomas Charles Druce, trans ferred to himself, as Druce, immense property from himself as Duke of Port land. You know quite well," she con tinues, "the manner in which he under mined Welbeck Abbey with sub terranean apartments ; he did pre cisely the same thing with Baker street Bazaar, his desire in each case being that he might have always ready a place of refuge. But realising the risk of exposure to which he was subjecting himself by his double exist ence, he determined to end his life as Druce, and with that purpose caused a coffin to be buried with his supposed remains." PUTTING TWO AND TWO TOGETHIER. Pursued still further by the terrors of an outraged conscience, the claimant goes on to aver Druce changed his name and took tihat of Barmer. As Harmer he feigned madness, and was confined for a year in a private refuge under the care of Dr Forbes Winslow, who was thoroughly satisfied that the lunacy was genuine, who treated him as he thought the case needed, and who discharged him in due time cured. Mrs Druce's husband, Walter Thomas Druce, was not, it should be said, the only child born to the couple. There wrs another son and daughter ; but these, according to the claimant, were born out of wedlock, and therefore they cannot rank as legitimate or as having any claim on the title or estates. By what means, it must be asked here, had Mrs Druce iiade the discovery that her father in-law had been none other than the Duke of Portland Her husband had always declared his belief that he was a nobleman in disguise, and Mrs Druce was not quite sat:sfied that she and her children had obtained all that was their due out of the Druce property. She therefore kept on searching among the records at Hendon, and it was while thus engaged that she came across a reference to rome copyhold land that had belonged to her father-in-law. Tracing it further back she found that it had not belonged to a Dr,"ce but to the Duke of Portland. If trans ferred to Druce it must have been by the Duke of Portland; and putting two and two together, the claimant came to the conclusion that Thomas Charles Druce and the Duke of Portland were one and the same individual. If that were so, then it must be, Mrs Druce argued, that Thomas Charles Druce had not really died in 1864. He had only lived as Druce, and because it suited him to die as Druce. As the Duke of Portland he had lived till 1879. PLAYING FOR A GREAT STAKE. Given these things as true, the funeral of 1864 must have been bogus. The coffin could not really have con tained a corpse, and the whole thing must have been a farce. The witness to the Drace death was Herbert May, the idl gitimate son of Thomas Charles Druce. Beyond this Mrs Druce could not fin I proof of actual death. The death certificate register at Someset House she avers to bear no doctor's name. There was beyond any doubt a coffin and a funeral. It cost over £10C for the funeral, the vault, and the cemetery fees, but if what the claimant avers be true, the whole thing was a gross fraud and a de ception. But more than this, it is averred that Mr Druce was seen by different people alive and well long after his " death and burial." Dr For bes Winslow, who knew him as " Harmer" when ostensibly he was out of his mind, is one of those; and a lady who knew him well testifies to. having seen him two years, and again 12 years, after his death. On the first occasion she spoke to him about dying. He was very angry, and wished to hear no more about it. On the latter occasion he looked much older, and complained of being unwell. Mrs Druce's present claim is to have the coffin in the Highgate Cemetery opened. If what she says be true,' there is lead in it, but no remains of a human body. For some months she has been trying to obtain the necessary power to obtain a resurrection of the "body." From the Bishop of London she went to the Chancellor of the Diocese, and he gave permission to have the vault opened. This permis sion the Court of Queen's Bench annulled. Then the application came before Sir Charles Jeune, who decided in Mrs Druce's favor. From Sir Charles Jeune an appeal was taken to the Master of the Rolls, and again Mrs Druce obtained a verdict in her favor. " MYSTERIOUS VEILED LADY." It by no means follows even yet, how ever, that the coffin will be opened. The law permits other opportunities for delay, and these will doubtless be availed of ; but Mrs Druce has so far had the best of it, and she is not the sort of woman to sit down and fold her hands in the face of the enemy. She is play ing for a great stake for her boy-a dukedom, wealth in houses and lands, the heirdom of many traditions and historic associations, and there is no reason to doubt that in due time she will succeed in having the case thrashed out on its merits. We may add that at the last .itting of the Court a lady wit ness appeared deeply veiled. With the consent of the Court she was publicly , addressed as " Mrs Hamilton," though admittedly that was not her real name. She swore that she had conversed with Mr T. C. Druce - who is alleged to have been the Duke of Portland and perhaps also some other person-again and 1 again after he was supposed to be 1 huried. It has since been stated that 1 the mysterious " Mrs Hamilton "was the Dowager Duchess of Abercorn, and Mrs Druce herself has given some color to i the rumor by stating that the witness signed her depositions in that name. However, the most unequivocal denial is given to the statement by the iarl of 1 Mountedgecumb, son-in-law of the Duc hess, and there can be no doubt that Mrs Druce is mistaken All the same it is certain that "Mrs Hamilton " was 1 someone whose name wouild have caused a sensation, and that she is a lsdy of most aristocratic pedigree. The first guess has been a bad shot, but there are i sure to be more. 