HOW EMPIRE IS AFFECTED BY THE CLIMATE. A nation only lives a few thousand years (observes a writer of an interesting article in the London "Daily Mail"). Look at the great nations of 4,000 years ago. Egypt, Yucatan, Mexico, Peru, Assyria, are all dead and buried. China is only staying alive to save funeral expenses. Tlie next generation of nations included Rome and Greece, and these are like galvanized ghosts. The third generation, the Turks, Moors, Spaniards, Moguls, Dutch, and Scandinavians, are alive, but have lost their power. Prom this you will see that na tions in hot countries die and stay dead. The nations of cold countries rise, become great, fail, lose their outlying dominions, and yet stay alive. That is because the' land does not lapse into jungle like Ceylon and Yucatan, or change into desert like Assyria and Egypt, but remain fertile, pro viding plenty of food. Now to apply these facts. Great Britain, the United States,^ Russia, and 'Germany are gaining in population,' wealth, and power; but the British Empire is extend ing more rapidly than any one of them. Compare her with France, for instance. A couple of centuries ago, when France owned most of North. America, and was founding a vast empire in India. Paris was bigger than London, and was the capi tal of the civilised world. To-day Paris has 2,500,000 people, and is the capital of the arts and fashion. But London has 5,000,000, souls, and has taken .-the place of ' Paris as the metropolis of the world. The British Empire is growing, and it will keep on'growing, along the lines of least resistance. At the present rate,-the whole land surface of the planet null be absorbed by the year 2349 A.D. But. as Greater Britain grows it comes into closer contact with the boundaries of tjie United States, Russia, and Germany. Even if we ■ could, we have no wish to swallow these or any other decently governed coun tries. The United States, Russia, Ger many, and Japan are playing the same game. The British Empire is nearly as large as the four combined. As England does not wish to conquer the well-governed countries, the area open to annexation may be diminished by half. In that case all the world will be properly governed by the year-2012 A.D. So in 113 years from the present time the British Empire must stop spreading for lack of room on the planet. Even then it will grow in wealth and population, but meanwhile these little islands are getting very old. Sooner or later we may feel • the weakness of age, and be no longer able to fight for our nossessions; our colonies may cut adrift i from us; the conquered countries like In dia majr revolt. If all this should happen, as politicians of a pessimistic temperament are alreadv predicting, it would only be a case of history repeating itself. How long will that be? Well, Rome rose in 400 years, as we did, and took a thousand years'to decline. Our empire is infinitely greater, stronger, and more loyal than the Roman. Sunnose we say 1,500 years before the Little England narty wins a general election, and little England is, a. second class Power, as she -was in, the days of Henry YIH? . In connection with the plague of mice in the Horsham district of' Victoria, the following story is being told in the South east:—A resident of Warraeknabeal went to her kitchen fire one morning to fry some bacon, but, as the smoke would not escape through the ordinary outlet, she called her husband, who examined the chimney and found it to be completely choked with mice, which had, lie pre sumed, been attracted by the, smell of the trying meat. ; 