THE ALLUVIAL TROUBLE. To the Editor of the "Kalgoorlie Miner." Sir,-I shal- feel obliged if you can afford space to reprint the enclosed ex tract from the "Daily News" of Thurs day last, which gives a better idea of the proceedings in Parliament in re gard to my motion on the alluvial trouble than does your telegraphic re port. I may say also, by way of ex planation, that the Standing Orders do-not permit the House to be divided on motions for which there is only one affirmative vote. This accounts fc: the fact that no division w as taken.- I am, etc., " F. C. B. VOSPFTR. Parliament Houst, PerthNK.vember 3, 189g9. The extract referred to above is as follows :---Mr ,Vosper's motions wholly monopolised the attention of the House and he provided the material for an other discussion by the resolution couched in the following terms.: "That it having demonstrated that the present alluvial trouble at Kalgoorlie arises en tirely out of a question .of disputed title, over Which the Supreme Court alone has jurisdiction, this House is of opinion that the Government should { refrain from all further interference in the dispute pending its settlement by process of law, and then onlyr for the purpose of enforcing the mandates of -ter Majesty's.judges." If the hon. member had any expectation of his motion being carried his anticipations must have been spepdily dissipated by the tone of the debate, not a single member extending his support, to it. Even Mr Leake could only pose as an apologist for the member for North East Coolgardie, remarking that he believed Mr Vosper's intention was not to have the assertions made in the reso lution confirmed by the House, but ,rather to initiate a discussion oni the matter. If that were the object of the motion, it was only too thoroughly at tained, as almost every member ap peared to consider it his duty' to give the House the benefit of his views on the subject. The "dual title" was gen erally condemned, and there was also an unusual unanimity of opinion "that the law must be obeyed." . But, in re gard to another phase of the question, the views of Mr Oats were appallingly heterodox. Not only did he not give the Government credit. for putting the gold of W.A. in the ground, but he averred that they had never found an ounce of it. The discoveries had all been.made by the despised alluvial miners--the men who were the backbone of the country. He contended that the Go vernment should never grant leases un tli they had ascertained beyond doubt that the land did not contain alluvial deposits. The Minister of Mines aLscrted lI at every question in regard io the title had been settled by the coat, and .ite resolution was altogether unne essay . He admired the moderation of the member for North-East Coolgardie ' n introducing his motion, but observed that his speeches inside thti House and outside were often iidely different. He hoped, he added, that the. hon. mem ber would excuse his frankness.. Mr Vosepr, in replying to ..this subse quently, said he would like to remind the Minister of Mines that this sort of thing was not confined to himself. The Premier must also plead guilty, atid he. was glad that the right hon. gentleman did not use .the same sorti of language in the House as that with which he favored his hearers when he went on his little : excursions Tup country. He would i?ot, for: instance, in the House, call- Opposition' mem bers "traitors" and "croakets" and irre sponsible agitators,L' the: epithets he employed elsewhere. Mr Vospier had something derogatory to.say of the Goldfields Act; and the member .for Coolgardie asserted .dogmatically- "There is nothing :wrong with it." "That," retorted Mr: Vosper, "is the hon. gentleman's opinion%, 'Of course, he knows all about it; he. has been down a well--and," be addeil- -as an afterthought, "some people regret that he didn't stay there.' Reference was made to inflammatory speeches which was said to have been delivered by the leaders" of 'the-alluvial ists, and Mr Illingworth. :'attributed this deplorable proceeding' to- the too liberal use of whisky. 'This 'brings to the mind of the writer a verse of -dog-' •gerel, read somewhere, at-some time, and written by I. Donohoo- which, il lustrates what an exuberance of "spirits" may be responsible for I've heard, with .noA ghost of`a smile, One miner reciting a sonnet, " In tones you could hear for a mile (This fellow was properly on' it). Another, in language sublime, Sketched out the plan Of Creation; Convinced he was there at' the time, Suggesting some grave -alteration. And so I would hazard, you see, - A guess that can hardly be risky That that which was said in Kal Sgoorlie, Was said, as a fact, by the whisky. Mr Vosper, however, was more, charit able, and asserted that the reason for the inflammatory remarks was a psysho logical one, the speaker unconsciously reflecting the opinions of the crowd lie was ·addressing. The debate lasted unil half-past ii, at which time there was no tangible result of the three and a half hours' discussion. Mr Vosper said he would not accept the responsibility of Withdfawing the motion, but when the question was put, hiA was a solitary "aye."., : 