FACTS OB FICTION. A NOISY GHOST. The following story is related by Miss Alice Quarry, who knew tbe cfrcamstan- Sces well:—A member of her family waa ordained, *nd became the curate of a "nch and kind old Irish rector^ After a month's residence the curate called one day at the police station to ask that some patrolling, Bhonld, be done oatside bis dwelling. runaway knocks annoyed tbe servant at night. 1 All right, sir. I'll look after, them boys,' was the response. Meeting the constables a few days later/however, the curate reproached them,' ' I really wish you would come our ,way sometimes at night,' he said. ' We are quite tormented. Tbe annoyance goes on qp to near midnight.' The Serjeant stared, • Why, sir,' he said, '.my men. have been abont every evening since and have seek,: no one.' The knocking, was still kept np vigorously, bat now changed it8:v€nue, AS well as its character. Four bedrooms "opened off a emall lahding. Some frightened persons seemed to he within one of ancther of tlie rooms, nenaliy within one occnpied by the curate's sister and the yoang domestic, who refused to remain under present circumstances if' compelled to sleep alone.... The knocking l&gan; now on,the door with atone as of one anxious to get oat. The . urgency and sound of tbe entreating knocks, increased until the noise seemed created by an iron hammer vigorously used. On opening the door no cauBe^could ever be. discovered. Fif- teen persons were assembled one night endeavouring to catcb the. ghost byTsystsmatic: search, bat jail in vain., This disturbance would go on until 2 «nd 3" o'clock on some occasions. Soft footr steps were also heard pattering up and down the short, steep stairs, down which also tumbled at intervals cart-loads as of invisible coil or stones. Through it all tbe young curate and His sister ehdeavoured to keep a brave heart, even going go far as to hold a service .within the walls to exorcise the spirits, if spirits they were. He wrote to his predecessor ib office and learned. from him that the bouse had teen so nncanny that it was quite too inuc*> for him and his wife. They had l^ft the place as soon as possible^ While this,'went On,.tlie old rector came down on a tonr of inspection, certain that Jie could track the ghost fie could not, bnt advised the curate to make his. sister change her bedroom, as within her present apartment he had visited a former tenant dying a very terrible de&th.; This advice was taken, -and undoubtedly when this particular -chamber was vacated the disturbances abated, although: the house was never as. other..bouses.- u - > 