THE NOVELIST. (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) . In the North Wing. (By Catharine S. Macquoid.) (Autfhor of "ÎPiaitity," Etc.) ."" ?.. . ':- . i. ? The white-haired, wise-faced solicitor moved restlessly in his office chair. "My'dear sir, my dear Gilbert Vance," he said, "d'ye know, I can hardly believe your father's son to be so, .you'll excuse me, so unreasonable." Seeing a^smile In Vance's'frank blue.eyes, and on his well-shaped .mouth, "You see, unless y;u comply with the terms of your late cousin's will, you may- transfer half of this very large property to a-a," he lowered his voice, "I only s ate facts, remember-to a man who cannot ' be called 'straight' in business'matters." "Yet you wish me to swear in the marriage s r vice that I love Miss Graham, when I don't care anything about her? Hang it! Mainwaring, why should I marry? I like my freedom, and I ,never yet saw a girl I really cared for. Why, confound it! I know nothing about Miss Graham, and you say she's plain." The lawyer's face broadened into a smile. "I think I hardly said that, my dear boy; re member, I'm a bachelor; a few visits will remove your first objection, and.for the second," he gent ly rubbed his chin with thumb and finger; "com panionship will soon accustom you to the cut of your rwife's face. Walter Barchard is not ham pered by scruples, he professes passionate love for his cousin Lattice.'" "Passionate -love! That must surely be a bouncer?" '...-'-. ?'.. . .. "Exactly so. But unless you are Miss Gra ham's husband.by the time you are twenty-seven, a date not distant, you will lose your place as heir with Miss Graham. Should she select to mar ry her cousin Walter, instead of you, she comes in for half the property, which in that event is strictly settled on her; the remainder goes to ten specified hospitals;'good for them, but bad for the family. ' My late respected client understood his nephew Walter, and did not leave him any bequest; he wished) the estate to remain, in the Vance family,; you come nearest as the son of his only cousin; Mri: Barohardi and Miss Graham be ing the respective children! of his two balf-ölsters on the mother's-side. I believe foe feared you might not consent to share >tihe property with his favorite Lettice, and therefore gave her this sec ond chance. If she marries Walter Barchard, half the property goes to thean-I mean to her." "Andi if Miss Graham elects to remain single, she gets nothing?" '.Just so." "It is better worth her while to marry me; but you know a girl always preïers a scamp." The lawyer's chin moved uneasily in fois high neckerchief. "I may tell you this much; Miss Graham does not wish to isee her cousin. She said to me, '?Mr. Vance should), call and tell me what he thlnksof the matter; I'will see him.' " Gilbert reddened. "No, han® it, I can't say to ¡her, 'I do not wish to marry.-you." "Very good. You instruct me then, 'that so far as you are concerned, you wish the money to go out ot the Vance family?" Vance paused. "Well-there's no hurry, is there? For ä dlày or so, I mean? I'll think it over, but'.'twill take a deal of thinking to make me willing to marry Miiss Graham." "Very good, you'll see; good' morning." Left to himself, .tube lawyer smiled: "This cocksure young man will change his note; poor fellow, trouble will force him to welcome this chance of mending mattera." : .? n. ' ?. ' . "I had best see both the men,", Lebttce Graham thought, as she glanced alt it',wo letters she had-been reading. ; ;ghe pouted, with an arch sparkle in.her dark brown eyes'; she was not plain, neither was she pretty; one bad a sweet smile, and a very char-? ming figure. "Walter is a silly fellow^he says he loves me, and we have not met for twelve years." ' ' - -..??v,-' .She laughed and began to pace the room. Her clinging while gown showed the long graceful linea of her figure, the skirt was. short enough to display <her'well-shaped! feet and ankles; the rich red tinge of her hair suited her dark brown eyes, and slight ly uptilted nose; she bit her red under-lip, and suddenly.stopped.ih-her walk. "Yes, I'll see them both, and judge for myself; ' dear old Mainwaring is wise, but he cannot know whát will please a girl of 22. Walter Barchard may be poor, but he was a very handsome boy." She sat down at her escritoire and answered the two notes, then ehe wrote * few lines asking her friend1 Mrs. Favershamto spend Thursday with her. Lattice shivered at the prospect of her two inter views; she had invited both men to call on Thurs day, one at ll, the other at 1 o'clock, and she now wondered why she had exposed herself to this trial. Sh« told herself she did not need to marry; she loved outdoor occupations, horses, dogs, and gar dening; she read few books unconnected with her pursuits; but lately, when her country house was empty of guests, the evenings had been long and dull. She had even begun to think a husband1 might be useful wi'l'h regard to business mattera, and the management of her little property; he might also prove a pleasant companion. She now told her self it was a pity to yield up her uncle's very large fortune to hospitals. "Thank heaven, I've read no romances, I'm not sentimental; the foolish Ideas girls take up proceed from reading such trash; they expect what does noe exist; I have not met a fellow worth a second thought." ?She sighed; if her dear mother had lived she thought she could noiti have consented to take a husband. . ^ ' ^ HI.' A phaeton with a pair of fine horsed drove up to Miss Graham's door, and a well set up, hand some man stepped out of it. Lettice was on . the watch; she admired his high colláred green coat, his nankeen trousers fitting "close'at the ankles, Ms .flowered, white waistcoat,' andi large white muslin neckerchief; also hi's bell-shaped white hat with its curled brim". '- ' , '. r This fine gentleman was announced -aB. Mr. ? Barchard; he made herman elaborate- bow,' an other to Mrs. Faversham; then with" an air of deep admiration, he bent' over Miss " Graham's - hand, and kissed'it. -.' Lettice drew her hand away. ;v-?"'?:? "Permit me, sir, to present you ' to my friend,' Mrs. Faversham; pray be seated," she added,! when the elaborate curtsies and' .bows had ended. . . Mr. Walter Barchard expected that the warmth1 of his letter and his good looks would make an easy conquest of "the little rustic," he consider ed Lettice to be. He meant to marry her, and was relieved to see that she had a pleasant face and a charming figure; he noted-with-approval that her feet and hands were well-shaped and ; small. . ? ? "My letter, madam, will have . told you the depth of my feelings, but your beauty reproaches - the poverty of my words; by heaven, madam, they did not express a thousandth.part of the admira tion you insDire." Lettice blushed with vexation*,' she.had not ex pected this downright attack;- she resented it as an outrage on good taste. She, however, remem bered her ignorance; she had so few acquaint ances; this sort of talk, ridiculous as she thought'. it, might be correct; but she .resolved to end it, and to discourage this fine gentleman. 'fl thank you, slr, but I do not deserve theee fine compliments." "Madam, I-" he put his hand to his heart. "I pray you, sir, hear me out. We are cou sins; if in the future, you see a way in which I can serve you, I pray you remember our-kinship. I will not longer detain you, slr." , She curtsied in token of farewell. Mr. Barchard sank on one knee, and clasped her hand In his soft white fingers. "Fairest Lettice, you are hasty. I plead for a longer hearing. Granted you do not yet feel love for me, still if you feel lt for no other, I beseech you accept my suit. It suffices if one of us suffers from the ¡tender passion. "Mine," he. again pressed his hand on his heart, "must awak en response in your bosom. I feel that it com mends Itself to you, I am sure of it." He had looked so handsome, so adoring, that for a moment Lettice felt she^was hard and cruel; but the assured tone of his last wcrds angered her, and when he' rose, and snatching again at her hand, held it, clasped, she sharply drew it away, walked to tile bell-pull, and rang. She turned, arid curtsied stiffly to Mr. Barchard. "Pardon me, sir, you do but waste words on me; I cannot listen to your- profession's; I have the honor to bid you adieu." He began a fresh appeal-"Fairest of ladies-", She turned her back on him, and the servant opened the dcor: ' "I will not say adieu," he : cried, "true love is ever hopeful." ? - . \- Then he bowed and departed. . IV. Mrs. Faversham went away before the second suitor appeared. . Lettice pouted^and wished he might not come. She shrank -frem a second proposal. When at last, he came, his apology for delay sounded genuine; and softened the awkward meeting. Lettice told herself that he looked a fine manly fellow, without any pretence about him. They talked for some time about outside things; at last Vance said abruptly, "Madam, I had. best acquaint, you with the misfortune that has befallen me. This great bank failure has brought me ruin. Till yester day, I believed I was possessed of a competent in come." , >? He looked at her; her eyes were full "óf kind ness., . - , " "Mr. Mainwaring told me of your trouble. Sir, I venture to offer you sincere sympathy." "I thank you, Madam, this unexpected misfor tune would incline me to ask you if you will share my cousin's fortune with me, but the obstacle I wrote of hinders me, you have a right to expect love from the man you marry, and-and-I can not profess that which-1 do not-féel." He bow ed. ' . ^ . A soft-bloom spread over t-fie girl's face; ; and as she smiled, he thought she-was far more at tractive than he had expected .-' to lind' her. "You are honest, sir,- some'men would have professed devotion f_r me, yet I scarcely see how anyone can lo"ve a stranger. You- look so . true that I should like to ask^you a question." - - Vance was mere at' ease than he had expected to be, the position-amused him. "Pardon me,- sir," Lettice went on, "Are you ? -do you care for .any'woman?" She spoke timidly, and' flushed as she avoided his gaze. . ; . ? ..; " "On my honor, No, Madam," he said very earnestly. ' ...... .--~ - "Then, sir," her voice faltered, "I will tell you the idea that has come to me. It may sound bold-please remember my ignorance of the world. I grieve so truly for your losses that I wish you to possess your cousin's fortune; well, sir, it appears that cannot be, unless, unless we -you will take me along with it-can we not wed and be no more to oue another, than-we are now?" Some tears came with the blushes that dyed her cheeks, it had given her exquisite pain to get these words out. Gilbert Vance sat in silent wonder. What un bounded trust in him she showed. She, had spoken so modestly, yet with a simple directness that proved her personal indifference, and set him at ease. "You have a ncble nature, Miss Graham, and I cordially thank you," then he went on gravely, "I fear I must not take advantage of your gener osity; the will states that in the event of such a marriage, you and your husband must make their home in Westbridge Manor House. You know it well, I believe; I have never, been there." v .Lettice smiled, striving against her shyness. "If you knew it you would understand that four families could live there, and find plenty of room; the whole of the North Wing has been shut up for years." Gilbert Vance, asked himself why this girl should offer to give herself to; a man who' cared : nothing for her? He knew that as master of the old Manor House he should be! in his right place, he was a good shot, a keen sportsman, and he loved a Country life; but surely her life would be dull. He said this. '."I am not afraid of being dull," she answered. ..'Since I lost my mother, I have lived very quiet ly; ? When we left Uncle Vance we lived.as I do .now, sometimes here, sometimes in our-country ; cottage. '. ''/I grèatly miss my dear mother ; ;, I ' shrink too from business matters, which she al ways - settled for me ; if you will rid me of. these last troubles, I in return will manage your house- ? hold. Are you content with my plan; 8ir?".;she? ' said bravely, while she trembled with shyness. ? "May I think it over?" He looked !so grate ful that she felt yet more timid, and unlike her self; '.'your offer is so generous that it is for your sake I hesitate to accept it. May I consult Main waring?" "Oh, yes." She bowed and held out her hand; she appeared calm, but she was inwardly agitated and ashamed, and longed to take back her words. Gilbert walked towards the Strand, asking him self if he was dreaming or the victim: of a hoax. : . .'. .. ' ?.';.-: ?. v. . -,. ....... -. The lawyer was charmed when-the plan tas told him, but he told his clients that , marriage must take place without delay at the church" In Westbridge Park; unless Gilbert Vance were* Miss Graham's husband before he was twenty seven, he would forfeit his share of the inherit ance. Lettice had hoped to be married.quietly in town* and to begin life with her husband in" the old Manor House. She could not : think ' vyhat ailed her, she felt so persistently unhappy. ; Each in^. terview with Gilbert taught her, how much"? she liked him. He, on the contrary, seemed deter mined to show how fully he accepted the condl- . lions she imposed on him; his manner was even . moro formal than at their first meeting, but he tried to spare her all possible, trouble ihH the heed-> ful.arrangements. ; - "Two days before the marriage Vance' came to see her off with Mrs. Faversham in the postchaise that took them to the old Kentish Manor House.; "Mainwaring will go down with me to-morrow afternoon:; we shall arrive before our Invited guests, Mr. Barchard, Miss Etherege,; and Miss. Vernon; Mainwaring told you, I-:think, that these ladles were named in the will as-wedding.guests,?'' : Lettice nodded. ."Yes, I am sorry they have to be present." ?'.'?]':: . ...".She waved her hand in farewell, and.then startr Od. '-? ??-.?-?' ';??.- .?' ;.-' . When Lettice ard her friend reached , the Manor House everything looked cheerful and com fortable. The richly colored leaves In the park had hardly begun to fall; the new furniture and hangings gave a, fresh and genial aspect to the gloomy rooms, and large wood fires blazed on every hearth. \- The two ladies supped cosily In the small dining parlor. ' .. ; ."If the rooms were less vast, and the North Wing were not haunted, :I should feel at home," the girl said. "You will soon feel at home, dear,'when you are married.". . ...... u. .... . ; ' Lettice forced a laugh, but she found conversa tion an effort, and was glad when the bed candles were brought In. She knew her friend believed that she and Mr. Vance were lovers; Mr. Mainwaring .had congratulated her on her benevolence in rescuing a worthy ¡.young fellow like Gilbert Vance from ; the consequences of his sad losses; and she had planned to lead a life of friendly comradeship with her husband. . Time had changed these ideas. ' : ; To-night she sent away her maid, and placed herself before the blazing fire which crackled-up the wide chimney; wax-lights were burning on her tall mirror, on the oak mantelshelf, and on her writing-table; but the heavy bed- hangings, ab sorbed the light, and now and again,' as shé look ed towards the dark, far-off corners of her cham ber she fancied something moved In them. .She asked herself what ailed her? Why had she lost her usual calm ? She put her hand to her throbbing', heart; she was actually longing for to-morrow, because it would bring Gilbert to the Manor House. Her cheeks burned with shame, she had so widely strayed from the compact made with him ; she saw too late that she had en couraged her thoughts to rest on him, till it had . become a habit to wish for his coming, and when he left her, she thought.only of him. She stood still in the middle bf her room, and hid her hot face in her .hands.! "What is this .torment?" she asked. "It cannot be love; I am not so unwomanly as to love a man who has said he does not love me. How! stiff he was this morning; how coldly he shook hands! What ls the matter with me?" She turned angrily from her thoughts ; took up her candle and opened, the door which led to her sitting-room; she had already observed that it was charmingly deco rated and .arranged; but she wanted to explore beyond it. She opened a door on its farther side, and found herself in a man's dressing-room. On the luggage bench-she saw a portmanteau and a bag:-marked-G.-V,. V .-.V -' The girl's nervous -fears left her. "This shall be altered, we cannot be such near neighbors; the less we see of one another the better for me." Her heart ached as Bhe returned to ber room. She said her prayers, lay down to rest, and soon sobbed herself .to sleep. Lettice Graham had mocked at sentiment, and ridiculed what she called romance; she had despised the Power of Love, and he was taking his revenge. VI. It is true that "counsel comes with sleep;" when Lettice rose she resolved to examine the North Wing. She was not afraid of the supposed ghost, and she would have ja, couple of these disused rooms fitted up for her occupation, and be thus secured against unwelcome intrusion. She and her husband could meet.at meals, and when the world's eye was lipon them.. , "I will not speak of it till to-morrow when our guests leave us; lt will be something to talk ' about." ' -r . Oh the. breakfast table, she found this letter from Walter' Barchard. ; ; .1 ,meant 1x>. be present eut your nuairtriaig-e, tout reflec tion shaws me ithait I oamwolt undergo so bitter a trfal; If Vanoe Jorved you, .! twight try to' rejoice lin your hap ; plmess ; but J know ifchat to him lt is simply B. business matter; I aamwort, dearest' giri, stand, by and see j ou sacrtoced! Ttour heart-fbroJcan lover, : '.. . . Waiker. P.S.-You have at UM time ito save yourself from such ?a fate. Refuse hlni. Lettice was going to burn, the letter; she heard some one come in, arid' saw Mr. Mainwaring. . "You did not expect me till this afternoon, but I came last night, arid found you had al\ gone to \- bed j except Simmons." Then he said gravely, "I "should like a few words with you presently, in . the library." ? / : . " -Mrs, Faversham breakfasted in her rocm; when the. lawyer and his client'reached the library, he ". said... ?; / 'O . ... '* ,. ' ' "You have heard from .Mr. Barchard, I think?" . "Yes;- he is not: coming, j I aria, glad) of it" . "He.Is^a mlschievbus'féllow; I had better see your" letter." . . - . . ... ':. \- , ,Shë gav;ëit him,' and^took her way to the house keeper's rb.çni. v ¿ ';:v'íi r '"''".. "Good morning, .Mrs. White," she said, "I want the keys/of. the North Wing, please?" . The small, brown; sly-looking woman seemed dlstunbéd. "I'beg: pardon; Madam, but the time has been so 'short for getting things tri; right, what with cleaning up after" wbrk-pe:ple and all; so I left the North' -Wing till af£er the. wedding. Madam; auch, a mask of dust as lies there's not fit for a ' lady to see ; ' twould spoil 'Madam* s dainty gown ; .'-it shall soon.-be all swep\ up, and tidied, if Madam will wait a while." "Never mind the dust." Lettlce held out her hand for the keys. ? "Madam knows," the woman whispered, "there's some rooms takes longer to get cleaned than others; the maids, ma'am, are that fools, they'll not work alone that .side of the house by . daylight, arid : now it .gets dark ."so soon, not a gal 'among .'Cm would set foot ii.- that bedroom gallery after four o'clock, not If I asked lt as a favor, Madam." - : - ' "How foolish,". Lettlce smiled. "Please give me the'keys; I shall not stay long there." "I'll go first, Madam, and open the wiridows." . -"Np(/thank you, I'll go alone; I know the way." . Lettlce^ remembered afterwards how unwilling the woman had looked when she took the keys .from her. ':r-.-.-¿:;¡. (To be concluded.) 