New South Wales. ARCHDIOCESE OF SYDNEY. SACRED HEART ORDER. PROFESSION OF SIX STUDENTS. The Sacred Heart College, Kensington (says the " Freeman's Journal." 26th May), was the scene on Sunday last of the Profession of six of the students, whose novitiate in the Order of the Missionaries of the Sacred Heart was completed. The Very Rev. P. Treand, M.S.H., delivered a short touching address to the aspirants to the religious life, dwelling on the nature and responsibilities of the state they were about to enter, and referring to the happy circumstance of its being the Feast of Pentecost. that day when the Holy Ghost commenced His mission of drawing men to the practice of the perfections of the Christian life, by the observance of the Councils of Poverty. Chastity, and Obedience. Those whose vows were received by Fr. Treand were Brothers Arthur O'Brien. Richard Graham, and John O'Connell, of Sydney ; Francis Kenny, of Beechworth. Victoria : Jacques Rontiez. France : and Robert South, of Ballarat. The college chapel was thronged by the relatives and friends of the newly-professed, who were deeply moved by the solemn and impressive ceremony. DIOCESE OF GOUI-BURN. ORDINATION"oT PASSIONISTS. ANNIVERSARY OF BISHOP LAXI- GAN'S CONSECRATION. On Whit Sunday (21st May), the Day of Pentecost (says the " Freeman's Journal." 20th May), the solemn ceremony of ordaining four young priests took place In SS. Peter and Paul's Cathedral. Goulburn. at the 11 o'clock Mass. The majority of the congregation had been admitted by ticket, butall who presented themselves were allowed to enter. The day's collection was in aid of the Missionary Fund and the Boys' School Fund. Large congregations attended the early Masses. The 8 o'clock Mass was celebrated by the Right Rev. Dr. Lauigan. who is now quite restored to health. Whit Sunday was the thirty- second anniversary of his Consecration :ns Bishop. At the 9.30 o'clock Mass Fr. Leonard was celebrant. The Right Rev. Dr. Gallagher (coadjutor-Bishop of Goulburn) was the offl!'iatingsf»reIate at the Mass for the Ordination. Four students from the Passionist Monastery at Mary's Mount were candidates, namely :—Fr. Benedict Abel. P.P. (Tasmania). Fr. Charles .Terger. C.P. (Germany), Fr. Ignatius Lemesurer. C.P. (England). and Fr. Bernard Robertson. C.P. (Tasmania). At 11 o'clock the procession of ac/tflytes. clergy, and Bishop emerged from the sacristy and proceeded, to the sanctuary, and Mass was commenced. Each of the young ewlesias; i tics to be raised to the priesthood carried a lighted candle and folded vest- \ ments. Very Rev. Fr. Vincent. Provincial of the I'assionists, preached the sermon. The venerable prenclior referred, after rendinsr the Gospel for tbe day. to the great Feast of Pentecost as being most appropriate for the Ordination to the priesthood. He referred In eloquent words to the Consecration of Dr. i.anisan. and to his 32 years of earnest and fruitful work in the diocese. By his labour and perseverauee his Lordship had succeeded in providing that noble cathedral and many churches, convents, and schools. Tbe diocese wns also blessed with as grand a body of priests as could be found in any diocese in Australia. The preacher hoped his Lordship Dr. Lauigan would long be spared to advise and guide his priests and people. Fr. Vincent then alluded to the high ideal of the Passionist missionary, eloquently pourtra.ved some years ago by Dr! Gallagher in his discourse at the opening of Mary's Mount Retreat. 