The Critic Whose undaunted 5-a.n -.11 Iri^li^ -\?i» Or not«an nov&l; 'ait motion U £b9 Ocillji piji Puralobliecrlrsm ia« jlilla VJ' Ana ao:ttac Jtaaiyati;! ii!;( The joke of tbo end of tlie century:^ Jawbone Neild I * # * It is easier ::n1 far loss costly to act the- Christian on tlie stage than off it. Enelish is a beautiful 'lancrnajre. Read this heading, 'Abuses of tUe'Euses.' I would not Iifco to be Windoycr's wraith when Sufficld's shade meets it in Gehenna. You can tsll a man's ch.iractor by the photographs he keeps.— Proverbs of Posquin. The Great Wall or China is to bo torn down. Now then, Larry Foley, here's a chance ! Mu-rdeTci by Winleyei- and tlie N.S.W. Governuient: Thomas Suffield, ohlt October 4, 1899. Hosv extremely kind ! Germany going to Beufl an cspodition oa tho track of Lost Leichhardt. Millionaire Coates, of sewing cotton fame, has gone over to Roman Catholicism. Tiiis in Scotland. ' Your reply is impertinent, sir !' soys Englaad to the Transvaal. Isn't tout what the wolf said to the lamb ? Thus Dr. ? , well, neycr nrnd who : ' I never drink water except as a modiciue. I never require mediciue I' America is tho laud oE precocity and curiosity. At Easton, Pennsylvania, a boy of 13 has been hanged for murder. Thera is hop : for lots of slioddy shemales in Sydney. TJie great Disneli's wife commenced life as a farm servant. More peace pieces. England's p;uu factory at Woolwich has just turned out a weapon which sends a shot over 15 miles. The qnestiou is: Will Just-ics Ghould go to tha funeral of Thomas Suf field 1 Answer ?? Not if ho is afraid of ghosts ! Oom. Paul is going to war because 'the Lord is with him.' Britain's going to war because ' tlie devil takes care of his oivn.' Marvellous how these 'drifting' steamers are missed by sister craft and con stantly run against by impotent sailing ships. Nasty New Yolk papers pay that Mrs. Lnngtry's most recent marriage is a case of white-wMs/i. Hubby's name is de Bathe. Kernel poet If ill is said to be \mey writing a new 'pome.' The 'Critic' Euggests that he call it au 'Owed to New South Wales.' ^ * ? Three brothois named Hart ware dealt with for riotous conduct and being drunk in the city. It's a poor Hart that never rejoices. The s.s. Scotchman asliora in a cove Straits of Belle Me. P'raps the Scotchman needed a hack-scratching, God bless the ( cove of Belle Isle ! An epidemic of broken shafts so 'ms, to have seized tho steam fleeto of tho world. Is it the outcome of cheap and nasty inade in-Germauy steel ! What loould tho Brishljou consider/ .n. casus bell'i, if nicking his sacred oof to the tuno of half a million won't make him got up and trar things ? A news item says that tli9 bulk of the country papers predict that Lyno won't ccrry on long. But tho country papers aro all bulk and no brains. * * * A feather in -woman's cap. It has been proved by statistics that women publieanosses conduct their businesses with , less transgressions than. men. / Simplj rnle-of-jnree sum for tha City Council : If an honest flower seller is . fined a pound for earning an honest living, . how much is a spieler worth '! The 'Critic' christens tho Guv. ' His X,' because. X- is an unknown quan tity, and you nover can tell what our dew ; Boy-chum will say or do next. ; Wante3, ,a school for jurymen. — Fancy a Melbourne jury trying a big libel case, and'iiot knowing whether a farthing damages necessarily carried costs 1 What a strange nuomaly to seo Mr, ', G, H. Soiitlicra indignantly dismissing the ? ' vinegar' informations on Thursday, and Mr. Wilahirc— while expressing his dislike ofthe-;e 'informer's' prosecutions — fining the Balmaiu defendant on Friday. It is ass?rt-d some coloni.il swankey is ailuHoratcil with halts ot copper. This accounts for hot copper.; ; 'which, however, must; not bo mistaken for EU'eaty traps. ? * * Tho crisis in Sufricn s^ms to bo going bad by keeping. As a '.natter of,fact, both Urumniy Joe and Uncle l'anl aro doing the JouUu turn. 'Aro Apyearauces Worth Keeping Up ??' * * p How touching ! How crreat is the power of prayer. A missionary left witb. six- kids in a building exposed to the flood at Dai'jeeliiig knelt dov/n aud praj'ed. One child only survived. * * # A rose would smell as sw -et, etc. ' A Servian professor 1ms hesn trying to revolutionise society in Biidi-l'ect'h. Ko has been 'arrested, and his name— JiinipiDS Moses '. — '.s Soilomski. ' Sir J. h. Lo;'co says Britain is undertaking tho Tr.fisva.il war 'for the sake of humanity.' Tint's !iq entirely new namo for the splay-footed British capitalist. 'Foreign uatioua please note. Some people liay.i queer ideas. A man and his wife kept the bodies of two prematurely born children lor nearly two years in pickle- buttles. Asked why, they replied : 'Oh, for curiosity !' * v * An English Lunatic Asylum forbids the patients reading Sunday papers. Mon day's printed on .Sunday arc another matter. What's tho mait.T with tlio inmitea and the authorities tii.nuzuig rounds V The British Insp3c.!or-Geuerj.l of Insolvency has warned the public against company sclieaie3 with, ornamental directors' names a.'»tached. The Registrar o? New South Wales might tike this line himself. . What is ail ttii--, canard about car.l playing between a certain l-ig barrister and an ex-Minister? In a goJJy ^overHnie.it, too, for heavy gambling to be the vo-;u« ! Oh, what an education fur our public mjii ! * * * ' Tliero is a vaU aiuoani1. of difference between political thought of co-daj- and of 15 or 20 years ago.' Thus Premier Lyne. It was very kind of him to tell us this, bueause he seems to have only just found it ' Families snpplie .1, wlialesale or retail,' was the sign on the side of a cs.rt crowded with picaickicg youngsters on Monday last. . Tlio Critic presumes Hut 'all orders aro punctually attended to' also. Tho Mikado intends i-o command tho naval review of ths Jap. navy next April. A n'jw march is being composed in England specially lo his oi'd;r, for tho occasion, entitled 'Japannia Rules the Waves!' * ? ? If that L'deratt-d Horsetravlyin contingent goes to tha Traiisvjal th -ro will be a. swarra of new faces in Heaven oi' Gise where, and corresponding and much appreciated blanks in this mundane garden o£ Loaferdora. Tho proof of the terrible spread of optiialoijia among paupor childrin fuddled ia institutions, put forward by Sir Arthur Rcnwick, is an unanswerable argument in favor of tbo boarding-out as against tho barrack system. Tho letter of Sir Arthur Reiiwick, JI.D., in Monday's ' Telegraph,' traversing the remarks of Cardinal Moron at West mead, must have given his Eminence good cttUM to once a;ain regret his ill-considered haste of utterance. A party of British ofiicsrs arrive! in Melbourne last Mon-Uy 'to make inquiries concerning tlio capabilities of the Australian ?Colonies to provide horses for military service.' There is no question about our capability Co supply asses. The p- ©liability is that Ootn Paul would bo easier and Jess firm, as the butter market reports havo it, were it not for a pious persun known as Smuts. This Brother Smuts' feeling is tlit'.oed, too, by Hofmcyer, which makes things all tho wokc. Considering tho number of concerts we havo had wo might havo boon given a little more Chopin music. Chopin is not so severely classical us to he unable to interest the crowd. Moreover, ho translated tears into chords aad sobs into harmonies. « * * Out of a hundie I- cases of tUIrged ^criminal assault on women in Britain the Crown could only consent io prosecution in six. The remaining 91 were promptel by blackmail, hysteria, etc. Yet ' a section of female society is advocating the cat ! '* « * ? Granny ' Her.ili ' inc its sprightly old age devoted a leader column to new gamu3 last week. Among other things it lickspittled to a Lady Leiiuox for tnvciitiiii — je gols '.— ' Hearts !' A gams that Utvs beci played all over Australia for years. Tarts ! O!i Co'onel Waddell ! It's a pity to toll Of your manifold tries and rejection ; A.nd we seriously doubt If you won't bo put 'out' When you H-addlo to Heaven for election ! It is said that Edward of York, England's future kinglet, is being brought up to suit tha job. That is to say, though only a nipper of five, ho bosses everybody and fancies himself. Hum! It is dangerous for an English prince to fancy himself too much * * m The Russian Czar's ntopian D3aco dreara is explained. His brain is affected. ii U said by a bone-growth duo to the sabrc-btow he received in Japan some few years back. The evcitse may bo alright, but there is a maniac strain in all the Raman offs, Tho' prisoner at tlio Water had a fool 'or his client, and in the course of his defence rather mumbled. Said the P.M. ?. ' I didn't quite catch your last sentence.' Whereupon tlia prisoner promptly, to tho P.M's. surprise, remarked: 'Sis stretch, yeronaer :' « ? * Th«ie is no pleasing somo kids. ' Mumma !' yelled tho next door scre3Cher, ' .May I havo som.3 water to baptise my do'l y' ' ~&a;' yelped taamo.a, ' you'll spoil your froek !' ' Well tlun, mumnn, may I have sonio wax!'' ' What foi ?' 'Why, to wa\ainatc her !' # ♦ * Bied ab Tamvrorth last wiek Father P.i,D. Ryan. Thu3 the 'Sporting Priest' goes down the long ruad. 'P. D.,w who dearly loved a horse, was known on every racecjurse up country, andman^big events found their way to his stable, whieh.olwsys housed a couple of 'gooduns.' Baby incubators are boomiug at 'Orac, possibly because they aro such exco'. lentnYst aids' to funerals. Should artifici il child-hatchcry liiteh on in SyJiiey, this Critic will weep for tiic Beiievolunt HoimtU., beeav.se of tho probable falling off iu ' E. Noozo:- nasty abortion-pill advts. To liltlo Mistross Maud, lioro's a. wgIcodio chora '. Ever miy aUo eympuouvse witk uet fingers t;i.-uy. Mittro-8M.ud M'Cirthy, to il of Saras ita, With the bju- of Joachim bo a Pajanini. It dee.-, not it:g to have struck aquatic writers in Sydney that th; Slum rouk when crossing the Atlantic ilclibsrately contravened the conditions of the America Cup, which say ' that the challenger must md all the way over.' Tha Blmnrock through light wiudi wo.5 towod 23JU inibs '. * * * Tha Critic waats to know why Aus tralian la-Is aro n^vor tajglit tbe art of sailing a bAt. Niuty-nius out of every hundred who outer a sa.il.ug bo it know as much abont tho wurk as thsy dj about straJilling a brain y. Result: Regular jobs for tho corouer, undertakers and ?sharks. How ill S3 explorers 1 ve ons ano ther ! The rather blatant BorchcgrcviD^k having declared thure is a continent at the B. Pole, because — well, because — Dr. Nausen of N. Pole norer-ftmud-it iamo, now de clares there is no such S. Pole continent, because — Probably because Uarclisgrevinck says there is. ? # ? Considering tliero is so much mili tarism in tha air, it's a wonder our swash buckler bureau doesn't follow London's plan, and register the' best 'bus hoi'se3 for war purposes. When required to ,' charge,' these animals might be urged forward with tbo aiystic 'Fares, please,' and the merry ring of the belL Itbjhoves ths military and polio authorities of this Anglo mad,', warbug bitten country ti- keep a sharp 030 on arrivals by steamers which touch at the Cape. One man, who has been in Sydney several weeks, is accredited as being a Bo;r spy, sent to (US out out strength, with an eye to contingencies. More friskiness from, that giddy old geeser, Granny : — HALF HjO\\-E to LET, Unfurnished, sopwsito kiicbeA. wit'.i la Jj, bits. Inch. Really it is getting too strong, and the Society for the Prevention of Things Generally, and tho Anticverytluugariaus will have to intervene. , # ? ? Sydney tax u pleecemsTi, VVbosB styfe ia most competp, H i» ? va f esi make a t l«a«t h jaril, WUicb vtmrtoua dp u!b bert. Bat Brisbine tin a tmuher, Vi'tiose nnua 1 mustn't Miami, Wuoa? uuderstmiiings wel, iucludi A lie roatiuu (iruuud. WJiat soma folk can sqa«ez? into a sixpenny agony advertisement is a quintes sential essay oc terseness. Dreamy instance from a last week's issue of Syducy Tairfaots : ?.— 'Bill, come. Away week. O.K.' What ? ravishing suggestions of billing and cooing. What conquest and victory !! What caviare for the Judge in Divorce !!! Bosh! If tho 8-Honr people may run an art-uuion for articles of use, why shouldn't the man in the street run a lottery for five pound notes. As articles of utility, 'Jinnies' take a deal of beating. The Ministry's clap-trap talk oa art-uaious last .Monday at Moore Park was so much gods' in-thc-gallery-garbage, that's all. The Whits Co. aud McKay, who are tripping around continent, wrote that, at Carpentaria, they had a refreshing swim in an adjacent river, which was crowded with alligators. They didn't trouble one another. The men who can chum up with Queensland alligators won't be worried with such trifles a? sandflies and niggers. Kot much. His esiimato of tbo value of a re- ? porter's conscience. The co- respondent in a queer divorce case heard last week, inno cently offered a reporter lim shillings to keep his address out of the paper. The poor devil was dca'.i in earnest, aud was deeply grieved when he found that importers arc not purcliat-cible, even at five bub a nob ! Tho abo-ninablo conduct of whits women at tho nigger display in London, mentioned last issue, has made tho authori ties sit up. Ex-circus man Fillis, who runs the show, callously remarks it is not his duty to chaperon British women. Tho blacks in many cases, baing fine men, have boon actually seduced by white 'ladies.' Cecil Rhodes' Chartered Company docs not uppsar to be a financial success yet. Expenditure, £SI7,02J ; revenue, £273,000 Its police foreo costs, too, £2SQ,O00, or i'OODJ. more than the revenue.! Rhodes should get Reid to cross over and do his celebrated treasury juggling feat, and turn the deficit into a. largo, sDaut surplus. Tho new woman aga.iu. A Miss Langriske, a tennis champion, hoard a shot at night, and guessed it wa3 a poicher. Hastily dressing, she -v«nt in chass, chiv vied tho game-shaker for two miles, and then with tho traps ran him to earth. Ami behold, lie was a local policeman with a tasto for pheasants ! This happened in KilJttic. Venezuela is probably very sorry she spoko. Having nearly embroiled Ungland and America, the fussy Samerican republic, where, by the way, the umty-umth revolii lution is now on, has been biffed bidly by the Arbitration Award. Kngland absolutely Ou'eroJ Venezuela more than tho arbitrators luvc given her. All ths gold mines go to J. Bull, too. The Critic is a sociable person, and is even wilting, in tha Bicred causa of kindness, to share u friend's castor oil or .?.alts; but when a strange l.idy g*s into the 'bus, Eita unasked on his knee, and then tries to borrow a bob for her tea, this Critic buconics a coarse, unfeeling mau with a lust for aiurucr. Truly, the cxpcri.nca happened. Th' R-v. Sladuorn, after a threc years' sky-piioting in Albury, deplores tho maiiiiei'sund habits of tho Joea) you tn, whose highest ambitions seem to ha cigarcttes and racehorse talk. Dn-esay you're' ri;;ht, iladdern ; but what have you been doing all those three years ? And if you have Leen trying to do anything, isn't the result a proof of futility ? « Tho evil* of tsmpirance. A. cyclist after a long scorch went into his pantry for some raspberry vinegar. It was night time and he imrroundsd sulphuric acid instead. Now he is on tho way to bo worms. Had he been a booMr either ho would not have gone for the raspberry, or if ho had the sulphuric would have been, like balm to a bush whistded turn-Mini. Is ouv Lfindou uamesako going dotty? To find funds, £50,030,000, for old age pensions to all hands, Labbj' suggests the abolition of ths navy and army and church. 13y all means tho last, but what would be the use of the pensions when, with no fleet on deck to protect it, the fund would be at once looted by Brudder Yar. many aud the Festive lrrog * At Broken Hill a woman named Hobby obtiiusd a divorce from her hubby, Kobert Hobby, on the grounds of desertion. O, Mr,. Uouby, You'vo sacked your Bobby, Who could not be relied 01. Wiiatotaer Babbf Will b; your hobby Kow you ara i re-3 to ride one P * * * Somebody has been writing to the 'D.T.' barrackingfor telephone girls,( The party, suggests that when you ring up ' Exchange ?' you should say, ' I beg your pardon, might I have tho honor to roquest you will connect mo with No. 900,OO3i,' or words to that olieot. Life's too short; be' sidos.tho nurabor only is what the girls want, and then they are fairly slow. Good gracious 3 While the various Colonial Governments are considering what is to be doue in rt Safiica, here's the Kiaum Town Council settling the matter right off the reel It has decided to eradicate the 1 Ciijie.wecd at once. Poor Boers ! Which, if your French isn't neglected, Ki.t-ests 1 stimulants. Since the above. c- ::-..v.., (ho 1 eradication has taken plico perc . ou'''i,rj- ? tion. 1 * * * , For want of something bettor to -'', . some quidnunc has been writing to ti ? dailies on street 6iveir words, especially bl ? 1 moan gory. How many more times must it bo -aid that bloody is ouly a corrup tion of 'By our Lady?' Tho finnicking f ussers who are so horror-struck at the word should let ap on 6aying, ' Dsar mi !' which is simply, 0 Dio m£-, i.e., 'Omy God !' The Pharisaical IVgan Minister to Hinds of Sabbath Scholars is requested to nail this into his hymn or bank book or any other work to which ho frequently refers : — 'Tho London County Council have ar ranged for forty-two Sltcdav band perform ances during the present (Englisli)autumn.' It is just possible the L.C.C. is as godly and knowledgable as Fegan of the Ful-=ome In the issue of Tblth datod Sep. 23 the full story of tho tracing by thu ,San Francisco police of the Alameda gold thieves was published. Oa Tuesday last tho ' Tele graph 'and *'Star' givtt tho ltnow.s''a5a 'startler.' Tni'Tn scooped :em that time badly. Exactly a fortnight batween. tho receipt of the facts by Truth and their pub lication by the wide awake, up-to-date dailies ! Snob sassiety went balmy tver hyphenated names a while back — -?9-, Bugge-Smythe, Esq., Mrs. DeBorak-Browne, etc. — but tlte very newest name fake ie to stick a capital letter in the centre o£ one' b m.^nniker. F'rinstance, Joseph JacoBsoa, Esq., tho Hon. Halo John FeCian, Minister to Nairown Minds and Joy Sepulture. Also Mister Samuel GunEcarer HorDern. Don't they look pretty ? ♦ ' * ♦ Sydney sassiety's giddy little pu;:s'e s have taken to a n;w fad. They collect cigir 'bumpers,' each of which they encircls in a ribbon band with the namo of the smoker and an appropriate sentiment inscribed iherfcon. Sued trophies must be redolent of fond reiBCHibr.-iiiCiS, besides Ujing saieliful in other regards. But what memoirs do the johnnies get in return? Are they mainly had between draws ? Miss Alico Clftrd is a miserable female. Somo achieve babies ; soiuo have babies thrust upon them. The latter was Alice's case. She married an alleged bach elor, who drove- a 'bus. Then Alice found he was a widower with fourteen children, mostly twins. This shack seems to have killed Mr. Chard, for he died, leaving his new widow stouoy, but not alone. Nut un naturally, she has tried to suicide. Youhiiir funny tilings sometimes. At a GlL scran- shop ; customer sits at table ; business slack. First waitress: 'Tyke- soup?' -Customer: ' Not to-day.' (A f.vv minutes later) Second waitress: 'Tyke soup? Customer: '.Yi!' (Still later) Third waitress : ' Will yor like enny soup ?' Customer (.celing tired) : 'Say, is tho soup compulsory?' Third waitress : 'Idunno, exactly, but I think it's cowheel !' ? e * One reason why Kramer declines 16 grant thu franchise is that the Jew element amongst tho Uitlandera may not become coavorted to Christianity. It IB an article of faith witb Boer Cah'iaists that; the end of the world will come along synchronously with the conversion of the lost Hebrew, Therefore, argues Kru^er, 'by refusing the ?frdtichiso wa shill dulay their return to our faith and also tho end of the world.' AnoLher iijustice to 'Stralia. A nasty boastly Scotch-named person under the influence of his national wine, challenged a London bobbie to arrest him, because he was a. ''Straliansh hiccricketsrsh.' Darling was communicated with, anddisabusodhUand tho policeman's mind. It is good to know tha vila scoundrel had to stump up 20 bright white ones in the morning, because no 'Stralian cricketer ever did, you know. Prom Thursday's 'Xd?graph.*' personal cotumu : — Hi LO of oarilily gr ice ; England'* snored mould. At tliy met thy nitiois knosl. TUKIR Natiuns ace tliy fold. Th«y in their ancient gwoe— '.-hey look toward tbco THE ?' Patience' of the ooutury, reared them within our pile. Bat to bo res pected. Is this a Jinga-Christian.Crank or a, Whit ? ? ' ? ? . ? . Conilablo- Al had him firmly gripped by the orthodox spots, and was. deftly piloting him to the jug thit'sevcr fu51 of the beery. 'What's up. Bill?' ousried: a passing paL ' Eio'il if 1 knows, an' ? hie I me if I'd stoop tor hiunuire! But thang ? Gordlatnsordnieiiueumvitationter guv ! meat hie, so Tro orlri, ain't I, Johaay?' And the man in blue whisked him up & side street, .which wasn't half as wide as his owa grin. * .? ' ? Reid's first motion of ceasurj is ; already drafted. It ruus thus ; — ' (1) That ' this House, relying upon the merer of almighty E«id, hns no faith in tho present Ministry on account of its failure to dis cover any surplus according to the traditions of tbo past five years. (2) And tbat the Figure Fakirs bo instantly reinstated in the ? land.' God and tho Labor Party are ~« Tirtod to have arranged a caucus tycf.^'? n:;.'tcr. m m t Tina ir. tho talc of tho toarcup and the paunchy archbib!: -p? JIu was at after noon i?a, tryiiig to balance his cap on his fair, rouud, apron-covered lap. Just then a lydy warbled out: 'Oh, my lord, what does your lordship consider the chief difficulty besetting a Christian on his course?' ' Madame,' gasped the paunchy prelate, 'tho worst is how to make a cup of tea rest without spilling on a silk aprou '.' Fact. The Critic mates no apology for this par being scarcely a critique. It omy interest many suEferiug from the curse of cancer to hoar that several leading burgeons of tho world believe that a cure has been found in the application of tho intense cold of liquid- air. The discovery, so far as it has gone, came about almost accidentally. If any Australian millionaire wants to earn all men's gratitude, hero is achince. Sup ply the funds for the liquid-air appliances. Magistrate's jnstica is full of anomalies. For instance, in those black guard ' vinegar ' prosecutions : Mr. Wilshire fined the. first defendant, Cameron, of tho Globe, £1, £.2. -is. analyst's fco, £1 U. solicitor'6 and 4s. lOd. costs of court. This when the purveyor had no warnin-j. Last week, Mr. WilsUire (in faceof Mr. Smithers' decision tho diy before, and his own ox pres;ed disinclination), fined a lUltnaia ' offender ' only 10s. with 10s. Gd. uuftlyet's feo, and 10s. Gd. for the lawyer. . «? * ' » I like to. poke a bit at the good and great sometimes. And so — ro whom ir MAi- coxcekx. Hard Arbitration — Cashl Card Simulation— Rash! Anticipation — Dash! An Education — Bosh! Precipitation — ?- . Crash; And a Damnation — Smash ! Tho B. Government having accepted the o.Ter of 20J Mcoritand rifles to be Mauscred, may bo, by Bue«, tlie N.Z, Legislative Council rose as oue man and, bar ono man, acid chortled ' God Saive, etc,' ia eleventy-i-no toys'. On tho top of the fatal S.Z. choeso this should alarm Kmgcr enough to kill. For though Thst. cheese achi'vea a greit sucosss Ai soldier »UujUter:o!f; Whole :urrUon-! kiuJ .loath would blosa Did ticv hear members sin,- ! Especially us ifcja ruaiared ths version sung was after this fashion : — Go.l mva oar fat 1 c'jcokc ; Long live our ptjin line chseae ; (jod suv3 our cheese I Atttoy an«l spji-iou% Mierob s «ll furious, Jumpers uproiriou*, : ' \- Advance A'ist:-aU:t ! First in cricket, bowls, colonial bsur, and ia Jerusa lem ponies. Australia, leads tho way ! Sirdar Kitclioner ha.5 presented a Soudan donkey to her (ioodocss Gracious, Wetoria Hy. et Imp. Tha onimil, of the heo variety, is a perfect nss of the same type as the well- known lovely white Epacimen already owned by the Queen, which is, however, of tho opposite sex. Shades of Dallcy! Let us form a do;iutUioa Toti'm Ktatu-! On tho ir-iss ^ Circlo round -»-ith tow bisoment To thn manos of his nes. To tho m Wrj of tliat on'toy Picnic ii: the wild Soudan, \ Whcrs oar Go^ieril ooposi a doaiey On a most rtrntoRic playi. lie van not th; mac to parrot 1'aeties any «oldior know- ; Ko, ha bravely held a ctrrot Near tho s ivago liee-haw'fl hosb! ' Quponsland rum has been eulogisBS in London.'— (Cable. ) We kniiw by sad experience, and pwga of Iviucdom Came, There's sot a gu\Ue going to compare with Queensland rum ; It's aa lull ot saakce aud jim-j&m;*u «n optnoi Jspin, And inoludea all dread creitions viabe the reeling norla bojai. 4nd tinea ii'a gained as oulojy from nobs upon theStra'id, ' ? -.- - There'i fui in s!oh for Bri'sin both »t home . ! andontheBiti'l; ; '^ No more th»y'il doubt the bnoyip, or the tnska yurnj oi the south, ? .. Ani they'll ujdersiand the tfjsptnau cf its great Auntrkliau dru-.-.'.h. - '.' Too lone they've hid \hn Ion of no, with ewinger bwadIcb . 't »w«y, ? !' Bai erory flo- is [irmai^ed thit il'i iound^o^* have its di(rr- ..; ?' And now th«t Queensland ' stfike-me.ae»d ' j« * praU'd upon thcStrtnd, .''-:- Ihera'« iua in store for Briuia both«t l»o«M. and on the itund. --y- 