The General Elections, The general elections for the House of Assembly take place to-morrow (Saturday.) The House is constituted by 54 representatives (including the Northern Territory), and the electors will be called upon on Saturday to select 50 out of something like 115 candidates who are aspiring to the honor. The total voting power of the colony (exclusive of the Northern Territory) is 160,361 — 83,324 men and 77,040 women. The increase in women voters since' 1896 is no less than 18,000. The Northern Territory and the District of Albert will not be in the running on Saturday, the elec tion for the Territory being held at a later date and there being no contest in our district which accounts for only 50 representatives to be elected to morrow. The electors of the District of Albert have let -their opportunity slip—purposely or not we cannot say, but we suppose the lukewarmness ex hibited over the election must be taken as an omen that the electors are gener ally satisfied with the present represen tation—at least, the gentlemen who have been returned unopposed will say that they ought to be satisfied; and no doubt the old members of other consti tuteneies would willingly have joined in the chorus with them "and so say all of us" There were rumors of candidates coming forward, but they never attained any tangible shape; they merely flitted before us now and then like ghosts intended to either frighten or comfort lis according to the people they showed themselves to. The singu larity of these ghosts was that they all represented well-known people iu the flesh. An uncontesled election has its advantages and disadvantages to the electors, but it is all to the ad vantage of those returned unopposed, and probably few begrudge them their streak of luck. An uncontested election shows the tranquil peace politically that reigns throughout the consti tuency; and argues well for the future inasmuch as people who in stead of being kept busy healing wounds caused by perhaps ^ bitter fueds can employ themselves cultivat ing the blessed virtue of brotherly love and affection all round. Whether a constitutency can make too great a sacrifice for peace and quietness is a moot question, but it may sometimes be numbered among tbe disadvantages of the sorry or enviable position the District of Albert is now in in having no election to engage tneir attention to-morrow. Under such circumstances tbe political liver becomes^ sluggish; the manly assertion of opinion which we so much admire gives place to eupineness; there is no opportunity for those effective displays of independ- ; ence of character that is met with so often during election times; the manly bosotn, the stout heart, and the sacrificing spirit which ate pro minent characteristics of election con tests are in danger of becoming lost arts through the want of opportunity to exercise them; the power of the tongues oE the electors in vituperation will be seriously .impaired; and there is the alarming apprehension that the political education of the young will immeasurably suffer through it. The many disadvantages to the electors of not having a contested election so crowd upon our mind that we have not space to enumerate them all; but like the pugilists who tshow signs of being knocked out "we must muster courage and^ come 11 p again smiling. The constituency has made a great sacrifice in not having a contested election, and we hope our represent atives will signalise the event by showing their gratitude in some way. We have some little consolation in knowing that there will be sharp con tests in not a few districts. The vari ous city and suburban electorates are the scenes of vigorous campaigns. For some time these constituencies were a gift to the nominees of the Labor Party, but most of tbe candidates of the party have to fight hard to beep their seats this electien, and there was j a strange reluctance on the part of many nominees to fight the city and suburban electorates for the two or three seats which were not in their possession, resulting in some prefer ring to run for country electorates. Tbe "West Adelaide election will be watched with keen interest where the Premier and the Leader of the Labour Party are candidates for re-election. This constituency the Premier came to look upon as a "pocket borough," and in contemplating this feature of it , in an ecstacy of delight christened it the "Blue Ribbon" electorate. There will be close and warm contests in the Encounter Bay, Onkaparinga, and Mount Barker electorates. Among tbe Northern Districts Frome, Glad stone, and Barossa will furnish excit ing contests—efforts being made by the Labour Party to defeat Mr. Giles for Frome and Mr. Catt for Gladstone, and a local candidate measuring swords with Sir Johu Downer m Barossa. It in doubtful whether the twy oid mem bers for Wallaroo will get back. Mr. Glynn is expected to have a hard fight for his seat in North Adelaide; and the Port Adelaide election is looked upon as being pretty open. The ad joining District of victoria will fur nish the most interest to us. There are five candidates in the field, all well-known local men, and it is anticipated there will be a good fight between Messrs. Daniel, Pick, Morris and Livingston. Messrs, Morris and Livingston have been chosen for the support of the Radicals, and Messrs. Pick and Daniel will get the Liberal-Conservative vote. Milli cent has a candidate in Mr. Tantram, an estimable local resident, but his chances are not considared bright. We hope the best two men will win. Though there is ro election for tbe House of Assembly in the District of Albert, we would particularly remind electors that the polling-booths will be open at all the polling-places through out the electorate for the purpose of voting on the two Referendums—tbe Household Suffrage for the Legisla tive Council, and Federation on the basis of the Commonwealth Bill as amended at the Premiers' Conference. On Federation we hope and expect in this district that the vote will be un animous in favor of it. As for House bold Suffrage for tbe Upper House there has never been any public agita tion for it, and it has come before tbe electors in the shape of a referendum through designing politicans with axes to grind for the purpose of raisiog "Cain" among the people. In all good ness legislation is plentiful enough in South Australia ; and if there is any fault to find with the Upper House it is that it gives away too readily to un thinking clamour. What is required in this youug country of ours is more opportunity and encouragement given t,o the people to develop the resources of the country instead of. devoting so much time to faddy legislation and getting tbe people into expecting that the colony will soon be made such a heaven upon earth that they will have nothingtodo but to eat, drink,and enjoy themselves to their hearts' content. They are merely deluders who hold out the hope of such an Elysium if their fads are shaped into Acts of Parliament, and it only serves to create discontent and unrest in the community. The chief means they advocate to attain the end they have in view is the abolition of the Upper House and the redistribution of seats on a population basis. Country people well know what will be the result —an all-round increased land tax on the unimproved value of the land and a general confiscation of property, with a view of putting all forms of wealth and enterprise into the hands of the State. We therefore hope that all will vote "No" in respect to the Household Franchise for the Upper j House, for as soon as this comes about 1 the next measure will be a re-distri bution of seats in the House of As sembly on a population basis, thus snuffing out all country representa tion. The weather has been fine and pleasant dur ing the past few days, with frosty nights. Yesterday day there were signs of a change-afe band. The Roman Catholic Social.—The annual. social in aid of the funds of the Roman J Oatbolio Presbytery took plaoe in the Agri cultural Hall on Wednesday evening last, end j was a great suooess. The ladies of the congre gation had the interior of the building deoorat Bd in a most tasteful manner, and the gathering was a gay and festive one, numbering between 200 and and 300 people. The programme con-1 sistwl of vooal and instrumental music inter-1 spersed with dancing, and young and old entered into the enjoyment heartily. Those who had nob a knowledge of the Te rpsichorean art spent the time in playing cards and other quiet games. Mr. W. Shoebridge as ALC. carried out his duties in an excellent manner. The Narracoorte Band opened the proceed ings shortly after eight o'clock by playing the seleobinn " Arcadia." During the evening " Mr. C. Schinokel contributed the eongs " Serving Them All Alike," " I Didn't Know Till Afterwards" and " That.s All Right," whioh he gave in his^usual taking style. Mr. F. Homes gav? the cotnio song, "Hullo O'Rielly," and was well received, , and Miss Hollie rendered in good style "The Lighthouse Light" and "The Song That J Reaohed My Heart." Miss M. McOlory and I Mrs. Moody sang nicely the duet " Life's Sweet Dream is O'er," and Mr. O'Shea gave a I reoitation with much suooess. Mr. Holmes also ,recited ' with good effect " How He Game to be Christened Mclnnes." The Narracoorte Band supplied the music for the danoiug, and were assisted by Miss ! Kiugdon, Mies Tidy, Mrs. Malone, Mrs. O'Leary, Mr. C. McMshon /piano), and Mr A. T. Jarrett (violin). Mrs. Moody gave a.| number of selections on the grapbaphone, whioh were appreciated. _ The ladies supplied a supper comprising choice delioaoies of the seafon, and much credit is due to them for the exuellenoe of the spread. The gathering was kept up till after three o'olook on Thursday I morning, everyone expressing themselves . muoli pleased with the evening's entertain- j meat. Dairy Boll for the District.—The Go vernment Jersey bull, which has been stationed at Mount Gambler for some time under the | care and ooutrol of the local Branch of the Agricultural Bureau, and which has. been transferred to Narracoorte for service in the j district under the management of the.local ; Agricultural Bureau, arrived here by. yeater- j day's train. The animal will be located on j Messrs. P. L. Schinokel and Son's farm for a I time. The bull, whioh is named "Royal Pro? gre8B,"is a fine stamp of an animal and should be of much benefit to the distriot in improv ing dairy herds. Railway Time Table Alterations.—On and after May 1 there will be slight alter ations in the times of arrival and .departure of the South-Eastern trains, and the Adelaide and Melbourne express. The ordinary passenger train from Adelaide to the South East will arrive at Frances at5.32p.m. instead i of 5.36 as at present, or four minutes earlier, ! and it will reach Narracoorte at 6.43 p.m. instead of 6.47 as at present, departing for Mount Gambler at 6.53 instead of 7.2 p.m. The train -will reaoh Mount Gambicr at 9.52 instead of 9.56 p.m. The train will stop at the Coonawarra siding going and ooming. On the down-journey it will arrive at Ooonawarra at 8.4 and depart at 8.5 p.m., and on the up journey the train will arrive at Ooonawarra at 8.24 and depart at 8.25 a.m. The train from Narracoorte to Kingston will depart at ,7 o'clock instead of 7.0 p.m. as at present, and will arrive at Narraooorte at 9.29 a.m. as usual. The Melbourne express will leave rierviceton at 3.S a.m. instead of 2.45 a.m. as at present, Wolseley fit 3.19 instead of 2.54 a.m., and Border Town at 3.35 instead of 3.13 a.m. The Adelaide express will reaoh Border Town at 10.58 p.m. instead of 10.33 p.m. as now, and will depart at 11-2 instead of 10.36 p.m. It will arrive at Wolseley at 11.18 instead of 10.50 p.m., and depart at 11.22 instead of 10.51, and it will arrive at Service ton at 11.29 instead of 10.59 as at present. TheBe alterations are made on the new stand ard time which comes into operation on May L The Caledonian Society's Social.— A meeting of ladies, convened by the Secretary of the Caledonian Society, was held at the Institute on Saturday afternoon last, to make arrangements for carrying out the decorations in connection with the Caledonian Booial to be held on May 24. There were present the Misses McKay, McGilchrist (2), F. Melbourne, Campbell, Cameron, and J. E. Molucca and Mesdames Laurie and J. Campbell. Messrs. K. McLeod (chairman) and D. Caldwell (Sec retary) were present on behalf of the directors. Apologies for non-attendance were reoeived from several ladies. Mr. McLeod explained that the meeting was called to obtain the co operation and assistance of the ladies in carry ing out the deoorating arrangements in con nection with the social. It was resolved -that those present form themselves into a com mittee, with Miss McKay as chairwoman, an a that they carry out the decorations for the sooial. After discussing matters in connection with the deoorating of the hall,- it was decided > that the committee meet agaip on Saturday afternoon, May 13, when all arrangements for decorating will he made. It was suggested that the directors and pro&inent; lady friends form a set for the opening dance of the scciaL Mr. McLeod having thanked the ladies for their attendance, the meeting adjourned. Distbict of Victoria Election.—The election for the Distriot of Victoria is exciting a good deal of interest throughout the Di— triot of Albert, and the result will be looked forward to with more than ordinary interest, as the candidates are well-known throughout the South-East. The final result will not be known till late on Monday night unless special arrangements are made for the traneit of the boxes from Millicent, Beachport, Tan tanoola, and Furner other than by ordinary train. It is probable the Mount Gambier, Fort MaoDonnell, Fenola, and Kalangadoo boxes will be counted on Saturday night; hut it will be pretty late before the results of their contents are made known. We have arranged fur wires to be forwarded at the conclusion of the scrutiny. Departure of Mb. A. H. Peake, ALP.— Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Feake and family take their departure for Adelaide this morniDg, where they intend to take up their residence. Air. Peake is an old and valued townsman, having resided iu the district from boyhood, and the departure of himself and family will be a loss to the town. For a number of years be filled the position of district clerk with ability) and he has taken an interest in many of the public institutions and bodies of the town. He was a prominent member of the Institute having filled the offices of librarian, president, and secretary, and he is also a trustee. In many other ways be has also helped in publio matters. Mr. Peake's parlia mentary duties have compelled him to change his plaoe of abode to the metropolis, and he will take up his quarters at theGrange, a quiet suburb of Adelaide. Although a -resident of the city, Mr. Peake's connection with the dis trict as its representative iu Parliament will occasionally bring bim among the people, so that his numerous friends will be able to see him at intervals. Stock for Market:—The stock forwarded from the South-East to Adelaide during the week was as follows:—Kalangaaoo: Mr. TEL. Hetherington, 2 vans of sheep; G. Cameron, 1 van of oattle; Mr. J. T. Williams, 1 van of calveB; Mr. W. RichardsoD, 6 vans of sheep. Lucindale: Messrs. Oopping Bros., three vans of sheep; Mr. R. T. Affleck, 4 vans of sheep. Kingston: Mr. J. F. Ryder, 2 vans of sheep, and one van of oalves; Mr. R. G. Allen, 4 vans , of horses. Mount Gsmbier: Mr. R. J. Plate, 6 vans of cattle; Sandford &Oo;, 1 van of pigs. Penola: Mr 0. J. Davidson, 1 van of sheep. Narraooorte: Mr. Wm. Cowan, 1 van of calves; Mr. H. Smith, 1 van *f sheep; Mr. T. Kidman, 1 van of sheep; and Mr W. T. Oowau, 2 vans of sheep, and 1 van of horses. Alteration in Time.— There are a number | of aphorisms in vogue denoting that time is beyond (die control of human agenoy; but legis lation has arrived at suoh a scientific pitch of excellence that anything can be done by its aid with the exception of assuring good sea sons. However, our legislators are gradually j working towards the end. The colonial legis latures have "time" within their oontrol, though it is said to fly and that it waits for no one; and by Act of Parliament South Aus tralian "time" will be altered on May 1 by the j clocks being advanced half an hour. Those | who wish to have oorreot "official time" will j have to put their clocks and watches on half J an hour at midnight on Sunday next. We will thus gain half an hour we lost some years ago by a similar Act of Parliament, and gener ally South Australians will be able to make more use of the Buulight than they do now, sspecially in winter-time. It will also effeot a saving in kerosene and gas. Through this I alteration the difference in time between Ade- j [aide, Melbourne, Sydney, Brisbane, and Hobarfc, will be 30 minutes, so that when it is soon in Adelaide, it will be 12.30 p.m. in j Melbourne, Sydney, Brisbane, and Hobart. rhe difference in time between Adelaide and j Perth will be 1 hour 30 minutes, so that when j it is noon in Adelaide it will be 10.30 a.m. in Perth. Adelaide time will be 91 hours in tdvance of London, so that when it is noon in j Adelaide it will be 2.30 a.m. in London. ' St. Andrew's Chubch.—A quarterly con gregational social in oonneotion St. Andrew's Presbyterian Oburoh was held in the sohoql room on Tuesday evening lait. There was a [air attendance. The time was pleasantly spent at parlor games, and a programme of music was provided. Mrs. T. J. Smith, Miss Lyall.aud Mr. Hoggarth contributed songs,: MiSs Smith, played a piano selection, Mr. J. Lobban gave a clarionette solo accompanied by Mrs. dmith, and Mrs. Smith and Messrs. Lobban and Bladen played an instromental trio. During the evening the Rev. T. J. Smith gave an address, in the coarse of which he referred to the departure of Mr. A. H. Peake, M.P., who had been an esteemed mem ber of the congregation. Mr. A. H. Peake also said a few words, and expressed his regret at severing his connection with the Ohuroh. He was particularly sorry at leaving for biB children's sake, who had been receiving ex cellent .teaching through Mr. Smith. The ladies of the congregation eerved round eup per at the conclusion of the meeting, which was opened and closed with the usual de votional exercises. Two Refer£Ndcmb.—The Kingston Govern ment are great on the Referendum. It is a new system of government foisted upon the people without their consent. This is nothing new for a Government under the inflnenoe of Kingston. All the Premier thinks of are means to an end; and does not care how he attains the end as long as he gets there all the -ame. There is one thing, however, remark able in Mr. Kingston's political oreed, and that is if a majority of votes by the referendum favors a oertain reform heoonBidera it his duty to put aside his own conscientious opinion and abide by the referendum majority. On Satur day, the day of the general elections, thepeople of South Australia will have a surfeit of Refer endum,- asstbey will be oalled upon to vote for federation and on the question of household suffrage for the Legislative Council. The ballot papers on both subjects to be handed to each eleotor will read as follows:— LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL FRANCHISE REFERENDUM. BALLOT PAPER. The question is—Are yon in favor of extend ing the franchise for the Legislative Council to all householders, as provided in the Bill passed by the House of Assembly in 1898? . Section 3 of the Bill provides that when a man and his wife live in the same dwelling, of ' whioh either is the householder, then each shall , have a vote. If you are in favor of the Bill, make your cross in the square opposite the word "Ye?." If yon are against the Bill, make your cross in the square opposite the word "No." Yes L] NO 0 The ballot paper for the vofca on the Federal Bill 1b aB follows :— AUSTRALIAN FEDERAL CON STITUTION. BALLOT PAPER. Are you in favor of the amended Common wealth Bill ?* YES [] NO [] If yon are in favor of the Bill, make yonr cross in the sqnare opposite the woM " Yes." If you are against, the Bill, make yonr cross in the square opposite the word " No." Massey-Harris Bictcles.— At the Sydney Easter show of the Royal Agricultural Society of New South Wales, the Massey-Harris Bioyole was awarded the much coveted first prize in open competition with all other makes exhibited. Evidently the company's policy of "one grade only" that the higheBt, is tin proper one, and we congratulate the company on its well merited success. Mr. L. DeGaris is the Narracoorte agent for these bioycles. Reduction in Bicycles.—Mr. W. Shoe bridge annonnoes that he is now offering bicycles of England's best grades at greatly reduced prices. Among the machines on sale are the renowned Swift and Humber. We refer oar readers to the advertisement appear ing elsewhere. Missionaby Enterprise.—It was intended that the Rev. A. R. Cavalier, of the Zenana Bible and Medical Mission, should hold a public meeting in Narracoorte this evening, but owing to unforeseen circumstances coming in the way the rev. gentleman was unable to be present, and the meeting has bsen post poned till a further date. 