Answers to Corres pondents. | By ' Mebiuqang.'] SnnsoRinER. — We have just received the following message from 'Taxpayer' in reply to your query : — ' Tho way I poison sparrows is this : I have a paled- in garden, with a wire along the top of the posts to keep the fowls out. Then I sprinkle some ohaff and poisoned wheat on one of the beds that has not been dug ; and the sparrows go and eat it, and very soon ' give up the ghost.' I have got a barn with bags of wheat in, and I spread turpentine over the bags, and put the poisoned wheat all over tho tarpaulin. The sparrows get into the barn through the corrugates. I've poisoned all the catB through the dead birds ; but bread and butter and strychnine is the best mouser to put amongst the bags — the only plan I know of.' Taxpayer. — Many thanks for sending along the information, and also for the accompanying matter, which we will be glad to use. That subject certainly wants brushing up. You are a brick to be battling for subscriber*. We'll send along trial shipments to anybody whose name you'll be good enough to Bend along to us. It'll be a pleasure. Our subscribers' list is swelling like — like, well it's swelling. We sent copies of the ' Journal ' to the addresses you supplied. We're proud to know that you are with as. 411.— Mr. W. A. Holt baa found that, according to the diagram submitted by you, the cutting contains about 605 cubio yards, and the tilling about 635 cubio yards. You have probably received a letter on the matter ere this. W.S. — The editor has handed your letter over to me. Thanks for your kind message. I'll be glad to have that sample of wheat if the monstrous crop ripens all right. When the members of our Btaff see this in print it's just about a certainty that they'll make stinging imputations, such as, ' M'yar ; after fowls' feed again.' I'm not a bit thin-skinned, so that it won't hurt me much. The ' Woolly Festival ' will be Bharing your welcome with this issue, as it's just out. The other publication will b3 sent when the time comes. Notice that fodder for out-back is Btill passing your way. I don't wish the consignors of it any harm, but I hope that there'll soon be grass enough to stop the artificial feed business. Glad that prospects are improving around your part. The postal folks will be called upon to give a ' recitation ' at a little concert that we'll arrange if your paper doesn't get up a trifle more pace between this office and its destination. You're lucky to have had good rain, and that sort of news is as good as any that we could wish for. Say, don't forget to let us know if your ' Journal ' continues to arrive so far behind time. 392.— Thanks for the postal note for 5s. That'll pay postage on your copy of the ' Journal,' right enough — a little more than tbat, in fact. We'll see that it is sent regularly to the new address. Your encouraging words give us the same sort of foeling as the singing of ' Rnle Britannia ' at a Federal election meeting. They infuse us with a war-like spirit, and we fancy ourselves standing shoulder to shoulder with the bush, and anticipating the commands — ' Eyes right I Noses front ! ' etc. You may be assured that we'll ' keep on in the interest of stragglers of the land.' We're certain that you'll help us all you can, as you say you will. May your new sphere of labour prove a land of content. 438\. — We'll attend to your instructions. Thanks for £1 for subscription account. That will take some time to cut out. There iB a true, brave ring in your words, and just to shirk robbing the repetition of them we'll let others know that you are a Victorian subscriber. We can't be miserly with your kind message, so we'll let our readers join in tho enjoyment of it — ' I congratulate yon on the success apparently attending your efforts to organize the men on the land. Now you have a fair show of federa tion, I am afraid your men on the land will be apt to do some harm in the markets of our landsmen. Anyhow, we are patriotic here, and although many think we will suffer, primarily at all eventB, still there are not many unwilling to pay a price for the chance of consolidating these colonies and making one grand nation of them.' Hip, hip, hurrah ! Floub. — By yonr description (and sketch) your colt is evidently carrying a big lot of ' live stock ' t» the acre. To free him from the parasites the beet thing to do is to apply each day, for three days, a good soaking of diluted sheep dip (any brand advertised in the ' Journal ' is best, of course), using 5 per cent, of the dip. Afterwards wash with warm water and hard soap. In reply to your next question — A milier'B ton of flour is 20001b., or 10 bags of 2001b. each. Yes : there's a circular published which supplies everything that is done in that way, but it is supposed to be private. A* to whether the drought is going to continue till February next, we cannot answer with certainty, but Hope tells us that it won't. Don't worry about the trouble I took to find out how to harden candles, and there won't be any need for you to come to Sydney to wrestle me from the fangs of the candle maker, because I let ' Smoko ' (just as a kind of compliment, you know) solicit the information. ' Smoko's ' solid, and any candlemaker that tried to chuw him up would be like to lose his appetite before he'd got half-way through. You've been having a terrible time, but you're seemingly whistling and waiting for a change. May God send you better luck. We'll be glad to have that information. Thanks. Xour instructions re worrying up the firm shall be attended to. Taxpayer, Junk.— I hope to be able to supply the information re your horse's swelled head in this issue. The very nice things that you say of me in the beginning of your letter have given me symptoms of the same complaint that your horse has. Thanks for it, anyway. 435\. — Many thanks. It's good of you to keep your eye open for subscribers. Of course the more support that we gst from the bush the more strength we'll have to battle in their interests. We've sent the paper to your friend. Don't mention respon sibility for the subscription ; we're quite satisfied with what you've done to lead the new subscriber to us without your standing backer for the 8b 6d. Kind regards. 437\. — Thanks for the cash. We've credited you with Ss 6d for subscription, and sent along a copy of ' Albrecht's Tanks and Dame.' That was 5s 2d, with postage included ; so, we make bold to inform you, good sir, you are 8d in our debt. There's no hurry for that, but we let you know beoause you asked us to. Good luck. 