Facts Fpcussed. Hares are very numerous and troublesome on Dumaresque Island. The sum of £5500 has been expended on the streets of Taree by the Municipal Counoil since March 29th, 1885, when it was established, . . Mr. S. Banks-Smith has commenced practice as solicitor, &c.;, at Fort Macquarie,. The English footballers are to play a match against a Toowoomba team, at .Toowoomba, to-day — Wednesday. ... The Boors near Kimberly are- actively engaged in drilling. . ? . The keteh Mary Ellis has changed hands, having 'been purchased by a South Australian firm, She proceeds to toe Duck River (Tas.), to load produce for Adelaide. . A plain and fancy dress hall was held last Tuesday night at D'ungog, in aid the local hospital, and was a great success. Sixty couples were present. The proceeds amounted to about £30. Capstan imported Cigarettes are put. np In. both medium and mild strength, and are obtainable at all tobacconists for 4d per paoket of 10.* The Americans have captured Las Marinas, north of Manila, near where a battalion of American troops was ambuscaded by the Filipinos, -and compelled to retreat wito forty casualties. .... An inch of . rain fell at Hjarrington on Monday night, and half?an-inoh at Taree. ? _ ? Mr. E, Fotheringham had charged toe -Candle Post and Telegraph Offioe on Monaay.last while Mr. J. Hair was up for examination. : Unequalled and Invincible, Woods' GreatFepper mint Cure for Coughs and Colds, 1/6.* The Coraki brought a very large cargo to the rivor yesterday —Tuesday . Tenders for a year's lease of the Forster ferry, commencing from the 1st July,. close with Mr. F. M. Baker, Road Superintendent, Taree, at noon today. ' Over 200 tobs of forage leaves Albury daily for too drought-strioken districts, ?' A red-gum log qut at Moira forest, Mutray --dis- tribt, Returned £36 worth of timber. \- . rTbe.allegod case against JasrffrGwStm iS -lo bo hoarfl at Taree to-day— Wednasdayv n cLi-r' A monster pig, as Wg flaa^Hdi^waHiiing 707 ihs., 7ft. 2in. long ahdYft- Gifii blehfl/iwis filled in hf&lfebnrqeja; fow.days ago. It jwast^pe years $ld: ' ?' ?? Thh Ruesiatl Government bfts pqhtiaptefl .wito the Carnegie Company lor the snp^^lSOv^pO/taflfi -of raqs. ; ,*i .jflsi'fj ?' Wboda/J3i^,F^P«rttoat'Cii|s:dOT.^ ^(toagha,AJid - Colds' never . fails, J/6 and /2/6.*.^; r. '... ' At Btargard,, in Prussian Poraetema, smoking in., the stretiteln. still illegal, and is punished by fine and lasbfis with a. switch, . ? ' Smoking at one time was jn sevoiat nesmtirieS punished most severely,, pffemdsra ;ln Russia 'in the , ' . early part of the seventeenth century having toelr noses cut off, and in Mbropqo being imprisoned and then flogged thrpugh-toe streets. ; . Harry Bmith.earotaker at the Wahtabadgery wool phed, out. his throat on Tuesday last heoause toe - Conference Sill pasae^, . ; ' ' Mr. Tavernpr, pf Yiatorla. is npwhegotiating wito a Manchester firm with a view tpfiiroot shipmente qf wheat from Viptpria,, di : - '. For Children's Haoking Cough take r Woods'. Great Peppermint Cure, 1/6-and 2/6.? . The Turkish delegate at toe. Peace. Conferenee at The Hague has challenged an Armenian for address ing a meeting;, of : sympathisers... With: the Yonng Turkey party. . Pope Leo XIII takes snuff made jn America, Which is uoerauy spnnkled with attar of roses. About 4630,000,000 haabeeniuvostedimthemanu facture of cyoles and their accessories in England; t and not less than 43700,000 a week isi'distribnted as wageB amongst too workmen . . The jrodnotion of maohines per week is between 6000 and 7000 in - Coventry-alone.. - - , ... . For Asthmatioal Coughs and Colds .take Woods' . Great JPemiennint Cure; l'/6 and 2/6.* . The Melbourne ' Ago,' in 'an article lut Friday, deals with V the . cool assumption that Sydney possesses the ghost of a preferential right t? toe j Federal Parliament,' 