^FHUMTEB: BMoon urn of the som. K^^ME3 CBOZtKB, BJL, I ?Skotof 'The Dftmo of Uacgareta/* etc 1 CHAPTER IX— -CojmKu*D.) I Plriiitat are oecween xoor ana Bve nan* ^Hflred tree woznas and some fifty slaves. Tlie X^lfree and the brad have kefit the same pro* ^fljportional nombere for time immemoriaL Qgly digtrnguishing mark of the elavca tlie short cut hair, which ia always ^'^TCOVered ivith something like a coif. Tne aare admitted into the chief hall three | f '1 hope,' Smythe aafd, ' the lovely :-':M,trieian lady has changed her charactor M «ince the time of Juvenal. There is lialf a ' ' .fcull in but yon will imderetand what \ » *' Ab there are only fifty Blares each of Shea becomes of considerable value, ad ttherdore is treated wcil But let ua move. Sill' 1 here are some of the short haired (domestics.' 'w Three or four women entered the room ittid sainted the gentlemen. Of necesuty {Watson was the interpreter. He learned {bom tbem that tbe presence of the strangers , teas requested at the morning meal, iBfter which was to beheld a meeting of aU [the ladif to discuss important buaioess, and {to meeting the pen tl em en were invited. jk'*The meeting was ncld in an apartment o5 . jibe refectory furnished in a similarly luxur ious manner as the other chambers of that pnarvellous edifice. Some of the ladies re W»linw1 on couches. These formed an outer ?circle nni^ were for tbe most part yotmg. The others had chairs like tks curale chairs Sof the Roman sec* ton, and en a eort oi braised platform Reyna Lucia ^*as seated ttiAvinn - H'nr* Mm^iepkpd on her hautrhtrv ftiead. She motioned the gentlemen to vacant seats near herself, and then she rose to address the assembly. The tame English translation of her npeech gives ouly a very partial idea of the fervid eloquence and tbe glowing thought which inspired it I- u Mothers and sisters, — That women have been slaves, aye, slaves most degraded, has been a fact too well known to all here. We have been shaking our chains in vain. In Vain have we appealed to high heaven itself —in vain have we appealed to the higher instincts of man himself. But hitherto neither Heaven nor man has lent an ear to our prayers or entreaties. It was not always 00\. At one time women were held in honour as the mainstay of the feVp of state. Vou know I have been taught by one who knows all tilings, and with her I have read the books of the old days when the mother reared the child to be an honour to his country and the delight oi ins parents Perhaps women had to some extent them selves to blame for the change. Their sphere of influence and action is definite enough. They have the homo to look after ; the man has to fight the stern fight with peuurious nature. If the woman steps beyond her legitimate sphere she invites a contest in which she must be worsted. NVc are ex amples. But the penalty we have paid for the sins of others has been too severe. W e have been used as goods and chattels arc used and only appreciated for our absolute utility. Our masters claim each year- a tri bute of our best. Wc are not considered in - the transaction any more than arc the beasts j of the sea and land whose flesh we eat and of whose soft fur we make our raiment. How long have heart and soul revolted against the tyranny ? How long has the anguish of .this serfdom found voice in the groans echoed through these walls ? But the first blow has been struck ; the first stroke on our fetters 'has shattered the chains for ever. Never more shall we endure this treatment. The day of redemption has arrivod, or the day of des truction is at hand. You saw how the {trireme of Fabius was in a few minutes at lihe mercy of the wonderful ship which now l|ies in oar harbour. Some of you heard the fierce threats Fabius uttered — threats of Vengeance on ua as well as on the ?strangers, threats of a more strict and Bterner punismeot. How are we to meet these threats, mothers and sisters ? One and only one way $s left us— to trust ourselves to. the mca Who have proved that they can defend women aa well as respect them.*1 -V- The hum of approval spread over the whole assembly, but Watson and Murray, .who followed tne oration pretty wen, eyed ypnh other with some doubt — Smythe had caught but little of tbe drift of the discourse 'It was hardly what they anticipated. To rbecome the champions of oppressed w oinan ihood was all very well in the abstract, but they were very much of the opinion that the wnnow brought the evils on themselves. 'Elsewhere they nad 6een how venomously 'aggressive women can be come with their rights and wrongs, their *' woman suffrage,' their unwarranted interference with manly -pursuits and pleasures, and consequently they had some sympathy with the root and branch policy of the Trausmarians. But they haa gone too far to draw back now. Cabins and his fellows were not the men to forgive interference with their prescriptive lights. If they retained anything of the old spirit the Englishmen were sure the fight would be a stiffonc, end how it might. Watson could not preteod to speak ths language — indeed he found tor jc drfectrlbyja . iapeakiilg latin, which w as te htm a bin* (language — and so he eonverscd with bueia and assured her thart what they could do would be done to protect the in habitants of Femintcr. He made strict en quiries as to the number of men in Trans* blare, and fonnd that there were about one .thousand able- bodied soldiers, besides a hundred slaves, and that tbey bad some thirty triremes, such as the Aurora had already encountered. IjUatf conveyed the assurance of Watson to the other ladies, and then the assembly hroke up. What surprised our friends above all things was that not a single voice was faised to defend or excuse tbe Transmarians. And yet the grievances of the women were to a large extent sentimental. They were iwell and carefully looked after. Every [luxury was placed at their disposal. One had imly to calculate tbe immense labour that had been expended on the wonderful lava edifice to judge how much care was bestowed on their well- being. But women never will be political economists or ardent disciples of we doctrines of Malthus. Sentiment is everything with them, logic nothing. The women crowded round our lieroa, examining them just us a mob of dvchesses aad countesses in London or Parir crowd round a visitor from some paradice in the Pacific. This attention to modest young mpn of the nineteenth century — there f.re a few left — was most oppressive. Anyone who has ever got on his feet to address a l\rge audience can tell the strange effect the sea of eyes before him bas on his nerves ; and if those eyes were all large, ebon black, aii-i intensely bright, lighting up features of beauty only varying in degree, the excite ment of the said nerves would not be lessened. ' By Jove,' Smythe said, ' this ia an em barrassment of riches. Shall we appeal to U Reyna to rescue lis from mcsniuric col lapse !' ' Ah I here are some friends of onrs,' said Murray, and the two ladies who had been tbe first to board the Aurora made their way Shrongh the crowd and took the gentlemen by the arm to lead them away. 1 he Venus, — ^ irhose name was really Claudia, laughed as Murray and Smythe looked round for Wat ion. Watson was safe enough ; Lucia was py his side. ' We must get on board at oncc and see floyd,'said Watson, who had halted near ibe narrow door. ' I wonder wliat became * rf oordinjTey men.' 0-. 'Zlieysre safe cnongh, you may bet, ' aid Smythe. 'They must have had a imrstanf time of it if tbey fared anything jke us.T' T3iey were accompanied to the little pier by three ladies, all enveloped in the rich which wenrcvidently regarded as the proper wear in the cold of the open air. w Tbe dingey waa waiting for tbem, an-l is a tew minutes they were on board the Anmrftj with something of the sensation of ^returning home after a long absence. Boyd, 'met litem as they stepped on tbe deck and &ook; hands irith the three men as if be had never expected to see thcin again, k.' Upon my honour,' said he ''Ineverfelt to uneasy in all my life, or spent a more miserable time of it. Your two men come back after they saw yon into that bloc)t iffiuriuid they gave such a rum account of jdl the proceedings that I would have given the Aurora herself to be at your side. ' ^ . p ' At any rate here wo are safe and sound, Watson. ' Wc must have a council of at once^and so we shall adjourn to the rmAPTRR x. asiiiiinaaft! Soya* aowxmt of tMr idveuturear~ which excited the sailor's suriosity te a wonderful degree. *4 Women,' said he, ' ' nothing but women. What a paradise for Mahomet. 'Yes, women, nothing but women ; but [everyone of them a queen. By Jove,' 6aid »mytne, ?* jl snouia as soon asic spieen Victoria for the Kohinoor as one of them for i kiss.' ' Perhaps you would find tbem only women after all,' eaid Murray . ' \ ou can't sasily push nature out with a fork. Ask Watson.' Watson actually blushed. ' Yo* fellows forget,' he said, ' that we nave other things to think about than tbe jharms ef womendom. Listen, Bo\d. We may expect in three days at the mo»t a visit from some twenty vessels like that we peppered so vigorously. 1 tell you the men have never had occasion to cultivate war, ind therefore the science was neglected, but they have niade such progress in the natural jcicnces that I am afraid they have reserve powers which will give us trouble. Just fancv the rcsouroes of men who could put together such an coifice as that, who have made the air light-carrying, who have ?ltilised the hidden fires of tlie earth to pro mote vegetable and animal growth, who bav-e made electricity and magnetism agents in the home life for erery day purposes. It is marvellous — so marvsllous that our boasted scieptific knowledge is only the alphabet to it. If tbey had had te devote their knowledge to war 9nr little Aurora would not have bad a ghost of a show in the encounter. ' I ' Looking st it from that point of view ' there is 'something to be considered,' said ; Bovd. ^ U there was nothing to be con i-.-. 4i.„ fh* trireme 1 should not trouble my head, but as you state it there is a doubt. Now what I should suggest is that we mount one of the heavy* guBS on that point. We can easily haul it up. it will give us some pro tection i/ we find euselves ferced to fa!) RBk aad dsfqnd As sntrance. The en ynca » all piew, tfaesk heaven ! and eur ff-po-{£ss wffl be useful. What a happj thought it was to bring thom.' ' We may thank you for the thought,' said Murray, 'Yes. But 1 had quite another idea in my head. I thoagbt wc might try the e ffccts of one of them on an icebcrg. By George ! it would have brought some of tho&e; big fcllojvs down with a rare burley. Uurley-burley.'' ' Don't maltreat Shakespeare, you Philis tine,' said Murray. ' Bother Shakespeare just now. Another tiling we miKt do is to keep our dynamos xlways at work, or at least as often as possible. For this reason I shall up sail to morrow morning for a cruise. I noticed the «un dipped right beneath the horizon yester day, so we »haJl be able soon to moke out a Icci-nt day and night. 1 wender if this sea )r any part of it is open during the long .vini-r. It would never do for us to be :aui:lit napping, and a good look-out must ?e kept. I should say some of the women ?vould net object to that duty. At any rate ac must be pretty constantly on tbe move. Lf we have plenty of room to niana-uvre I wouldn't fear a thousand of craft like your ' Your Catlings and Maxims are in work ng order, I suppsse V ' That the vicious beggars are. The men orward think there is something in the A-jisd, and they have been overhauling all .he anns and ammunition. Gad ! they are ike the war horse and sniff the battle from ifar. ' '* Do you think they will stand by us 5'' ' Like true blue Britons. They are all igog about the shore. Your dingey men liadc a highly-spiced report, and the whole n-ew is in a state of long drawn expectation. ' 4 ' Should wc speak to them and let them mow how things stand ? They have a right to know, for we have got them into tliis x-rner, and, by Jove, tbey are in the same oox as ourselves.' 41 It might be as well. At any rate a few n-ords can do no harm. Ill call old Tom, the boatswain, and sound him.' Tom came in shortly after and made his usual salute to the gentlemen at the table. This was not an elaborate affair, ae it con sisted of- plucking an imaginary forelock with the dexter finger 'and thumb. Tom was a character in his way. He was a typical sailor, one of that class we rarely sec nowa days. Steam has ruined the old profession. There is no romance in a tea kettle or in an iron jK-t on the ho3. 'WcH, skipper,' growled Tom, for hi* voice was as the subdued roar of a coming storm, ' what do you want with me?' ' Perhaps, skipper,' said Smythe, point ing to the table, 'lomwouiauKeto space the main brace before barneying.' ' Right you are, Mr Smith,' said Tom, as he poured out a joram from a decanter, ' a nip in weather like this never, comes amiss.'7 ' And in what weather does it, Tom ?' Smythe asked with a gleam of fun in hi« eye. ' Don't know, sir. Kever fonnd it bilge in my. life.' ' Listen, Tom,' 6aid Boyd. ' Youi weather eye is'open, and you know as well &s; we do that wc are in a corner.' ' As nasty a* hole as any one would want. Right you are, skipper.'' 'We want to know from you if the mer will stick to us if it cones to downright fightint— not a scrimniagc, but tooth and nail, ding-dong battle.' Ton- turned tht quid from one cheek tc t-c other Tvith tka gvcatest deliberation ir t ** ths shipper ajti towe deer a-n geacral laughter, tht captain calling out to him to seed the men aft. Id a few minutes some thirty young , fellow s in the perfection of age and strength I were muttered on the main deck with the two male.-, M cm* A 1x1 and Welch, at their head. There wos a jaunty look about most of tlicm that showed they were perfectly well aware what wan the character of the community to which they were such near neighbours. The men were dreahed in a uniform very similar to that of the Uoyal Navy in pattern, but of course tho material it'&£ much warmer snd more substantial. The uniform, however, displayed all tlie strength and agility ef as fine a ship's crew is ever sailed the sea. Boyd sj- oke to the men in a quiet, conver sational manner. ' lioyis,' he said, 'we haven't seen the end of the scrimmage with that craft yet. Jt seems there are plenty more of the same sort where it came from, and wc are iu for a ^'f«od rough ami tumble light. '' ? Hurrah,' shouted an euthiiMast. . ?? Hurrah bs it, ' buiil Buy d; ' but wc may ,-et some nasty jabs ourc-lves. Will you ? ' urrah ' for them ?' ' N ell, they mayn't be tjuite so pleasant, :-«t uv hope we can take a a well a* give. If ,-ou want to know it, skipper, we'll tell you it ouce we'll light. Wc have been well ;rcatcd on buani thia craft, and sailor men ' Uteri- is auother thing I want to say,'' laid lkiyd. ' You know what sort of ;ompa4iy we have up yonder. What I want yon to do is to trcit those ladies with respect. You were wle:tcd as men of charac ter and rcspeetabilit /, and 1 want you to retain your re;tr-la»tiMi to the end.' 'Vou arc right there, skipper,' said the ipokesri-^n, a fine strapping young fellow of the 'guiiifrucker1' persuasion , and more than six feet high. 4 'Vou are right there, skipper. We'll be oo our good behaviour, but of courtc if there are good tilings £oin«j tlie foc'sle should have a share as well as the cuddy. *' There was a general laugh at this, in which the 'cuddy 'joined. Wat-on, however, interposed and said — ' All wc want, men, is this : that you act with these women as if they were respectable women in .Melbourne or Sydney, protected hy British laws. In fact they are and will be protected by British law, but I should like to sec them even more effectively 1 protected by British chivalry.' I ' That's the sort, Mr Watson, 'cried some 1 of the men. 44 Leave it to us and you will make no mistake.' The skipper then asked a minute of tbeii attention. Wc are so completely isolated that- thf relations of officers and men are nuch modified, and so I shall tahc you into my confidoncc as to what 1 mean to do. FirgJ of all .Mr Abel will take a boat's crew and sound earefully up to tbe pier. If there ii water enough for us to He alongside our wort will bu much easier, for I want to get a gtir to that point. The first part of our fighting must l/e in the open sea, where well hav- room ie turn, but we do not know what may occur, and we must be ready for every accideit. A I we ail the entrance must w defaRt .'d to the last. Now, boys, you have every; jigg is a nutshell, and jjist rem em be? tliat y --u are ficjitipg, not only for your owe lives, but'for tne finest and loveliest women in the whole world. Mr Abel, 'will you takf the boat and try the depth of the watei sbead ?' ' Aye, sye, sir.' Asdasilr Abel Wifc Hb«U tfc* |Nt as ooaTd, hi a state of suppressed efcifetncnf the boat soon shot out from Aurora's quartet -n her mission. Tbe water was found to be of enormous lopth all over the little harbour. In fact it was evident that the bay waa the deep water of an extinct volcano. The men on board were in the meantime as busy as bc- a repairing and shifting and polishing. Hie gentlemen aft themselves examined the irmoury which thev had laid iu for their own private use, and that important duty was ilsiost finished when the ' randy ' the men (ing when heaving the anchor was heard — 4 Whiskey for my Johnny.' The Aurora was warped to the pier without much trouble. There was a crowd jf women at the picr-head, but they regarded 'he proceedings with calm interest. The gun, ai old- fashioned twelve-pounder, was swung ip to the pier, and after an hour's hard work it was got into position on the promontory. Everything was done w ith a will, and no one could object to tho natural vanity of the men, wbo did tbeir very best before the fair and interesting spectators. * The whole proceeding? were watched with the greatest curiosity by the women. They knew absolutely nothing of the reason for all the exertion, but they did not interfere or in any way interrupt the work. They simply looked on. By-and-hy Lucia, Claudia, and Lcsbia joined the group of spectators, and the attraction proved too great for our friends, who at once approached. They had not ever considered the reason for the rospcct paid tc these ladies by their companions, but it waf evident and sincere. Watson asked the ladies to go with him t- tho nnP.min Katt^rv to them what had been done. And sc with many significant grins from the tars and a few Bmilea from the ladies whe remained, the half-dozen young people paired off in the most natural way imaginable and strolled along by the shores of tbe unknown 6ea and over the lava boulders of forgottea time. Men-ay, or rather Horace, was righb. You can't drive nature out with a fork. Tkj whole thing looked as natural there as ii would at a garden party in St. John's Wood or at an 'At Home ' in South Yarra oi Toorak. Perhaps we shall hear hcreaftei what they talked about. Just now it woulc be unfair to interrupt. CHAPTER XL ' W ould my friends wieh to see for them' selves ?' Reyna Lucia asked, and sbe led th« way through pleasant groves of myrtle anc cedar which, interlacing their twining branches, did not shade the fertile ground but formed a luminous tracery against th- lofty background of the roof. 1 he ail pregnant with its own light suffused spac- in all directions, and there were no shadei cast even by the round boles of tbe stately trees. And yet the trees had not the sanu luxuriance of growth as in their natural soi1 and climate ; art could do much, yet not everything. They had perhaps acquirec new habitat, but they had lost that appear ance of superabundant strength and energy which are attributes of nature unrestrained, and indeed to some extent reminded out friends of the miniature growth in which the Chinese take such pleasure, dwarfing the giants of tlie forest into pigmies. To the Englishmen everything was strange with an unusual strangeness. They could have understood the vagaries of Thibetan Lamasary. or the raison d'etre of a ruin in the pathless forest of Central Africa, but here they had no prior experience ou which to base a theory and they could only look on and wonder, both of which they did to thcif heart's content. 14 Here,' said Lucia, halting before a huge archway, ' here is the entrance to the caverns from which our ancestors dug out the material with which they built Femintcr, and there arc many 6trange stones told ot these gloomy catacombs. Our ancestors had « wonderful veneration for old Rome.' 44 And do not their fair descendants share n the veneration ?' Watson asked. 11 Even we whose ancestors were painted savages when Rome was the proud mistress of the world, even we have a sort of reflected glory in her glory, and how much more you — ' 'Of course we do,' Lucia answered. ' Glory in a race or even in a family is always an incentive to great things, but — ' 4'1 vote,' Smythe interrupted, *' that we explore these old caverns.' 4 * It is for that reason,' Lnda answered, that I have brought you here. Indeed,' she added, smiling at Watson with her glorious eyes, * ' it was Canide who suggested it to me to bring you hither ; for what reason I lo not know, but Canide never acts without '* Oh then,*' said Watson, ' we must go at 41 Stay,' said Lucia; 'these catacombs ire different from what we have up here. It is all darkness there — thick darkness — so thick that it becomes almost palpable, ^anidc alone knows all their intricacies and windings, but I have been in a little way only a Tittle way indeed — and I think I can jjuidc you. Ths horror of being lost in those iwful realms of blackness is dreadful to pause upon, and yet there is atradition that when the old state of affairs was broken scores of women were driven down and left to perish.' ' I remember being lost for a while in the Reman catacombs,' said Murray, 'and don't want to renew the experience in Femintcr, I assure you.' *'\ou need not fear being lost,' Lucia said. ' Canide knows everything. And now let each take one of these bttlelamps. Press tie little knob firmly when you want mere light. ' She drew from her robe three lamps shaped like those found in Etruscan tombs which the spade of the peasant has unwittingly vj slated, but the jet of flame which rose clear and brilliant from the little spout was supplied by no oil. It rose pure and steady a few inches above the orifice like an emanation from some living spirit confined within the narrow limits of the lamp. These she hauded to Watson, who supplied hit friends. To BE CONTLNCKD. 