The Home. By Way of Protest. j. How forlorn and .dreary' is the-thriught that for most -Of. ris it will not be enough 'to die once-to have it said of us, as of one e-one hence in summer. " His part in all the pomp, that fills The circuit of the summer hills " Is that his grave is green.". But that in addition to giving up the dear life we love, the work, the wages, the people we care for, the bright pleasures and .joyous activities, we must also be dropped for ever from the family talk, our names shunned, our little ways for gotten, till the places -that now know us will literally soon know us no more. " Don't speak of to her mother ; she cannot bear it," we say, in tender fear lest we shall lay a rough finger on an . aching wound. " Don't stir up the grief of that child ; let her go on her light- hearted way, and forget her mother (or her father,)" "Don't allude to ; her people are not able to talk about her." And so it goes, from one to another, always- the motive one of gen tleness, kindness, love, and always the result the sairie — a gradual and imper ceptible but relentless obliteration of the personality that was lately vital, im portant, and dominant. One would suppose it a crime or a blunder on the part of the dead to have gone away, leaving themselves so help less that they cannot raise even the wan ghost of opposition to the oblivion which is their portion. Are they not twice dead, these, beloved ones, ; of whom we never speak,' whose little jests and quips we no Tohge'r' revive, whoe portion it is to "be "" dismissed from- .the -table, the drawing-room, the walk the drive, from the; congregations of men, as if they had never existed ? - -- / Yet by a singular parodox our for gotten dead, refuse to be dismissed, and ignored ; this babe'in your arms has the trick of eyebrow, the turn, of - head, which belonged to her grandmother. That college boy has the manner, . the pose, the -bearing of : the - young uncle who passed away at Gettysburg, and was buried on the field. Family traits will not be blotted out ; they are im- perishably . alive. One's follies, faults, tempers, as well as one's physical pecu liarities, are revived and reappear in 'successive generations. "We die, but it is In a way as last year's flowers died ; others as fair shall step into o"ur vacant" piaces.yitd, lo ! the places will not be vacant game will go on ; the music, ithe laughter, the dancing feet, the wed- ding, march, the cradle joy, all will come -again. - Yet why -.must It be, for us arid ' for ours, that; once burled, we who did love and do remember-; them , should .. avoid their very mention ? One loves to think of dear:- fatherless ..children,, who always in the nightly , prayers " still ask God " to biess papa." :Why not ? - .. " God's in his heaven-; ; S - . Allls right in all; worlds." " Harper's Bazar." 