WIT AND HUMOR. lappliness is like a kitten's thll-hard lo.catch; but there's plenty bf fun in chasing it. Tommy: "Pa, what is a pessimist?" alr Figg: "He is a man who of two evtls prefers both." Tom: "What are the relations between .you and Himss Cavenrdish?" Jack (gloom ily): "Her father and her mother," He (cautiously): "What would you say, 'darling. if I should hsk you to be my wife?" Dairlng: "Ask me and find Out," Constanoee "What lovely enbroidery! ,Ald do yOu also paint?" Violet: "No, Scar, I often envy you that accomplish ment" BiggS: "Is that Mr Cdbb's wife with him ontfe tandem?" His Friend: "Cer tainly. Can't you see she is doing all the work." "Less than a year ago," she mused, 'he'said he would lay down his life for ne,- and now he won't even put up the 'window blinds!" S'"It Is well to lev'e-something for those iiho come after us," :as a man said who threw a barrel in the way of a constable w?ho was chasing him. SHe: "We cannot sit on this bench. It is freshly painted." She: "If you were really in love, as you say you are, you 'would never have noticed the paint." Professor (to his wife): "I never know . how to take you, Amelia. Two years ago You were dying for that hat, and now I've bought it you don't like It at all!" "I wonder," said tile superficial student, "why so many women fail to marry?" "I baven't asked them," answered the young man who carries a pocket mirror. Mr Sappy: "Smart? Why, she has bwains enough for two, Miss Mlawy." She: "Has she? Then she is just the girl you ought to marry, hr Sappy." "Why do'you pay visits in the morn ing?" "Why, all the other women are busy in their houses, and it is so funny to see them try to appear glad to see '" cannot understand ze language," said the despairing Frenchman. "I learn bow to'pronounce ze word 'hydrophobia,' and zen'I learn sat ze doctors sometimes pronounce it fatal!" Ikey:'"Please, farder, give me a penny cr't eecream, I -am so hot" Father: "Ikey; mein shon, dat is a valst of money. I villtell you a fine ghost shtory dat villi mnake-your blood run cold." "A'horse ran away with my brother yesterday, and he'll be laid up for two months," '"Yes? Well, I know a fellow ' aho ran awray with a horse yesterday, and he'll be hild up for two years." HIer Mother: "I think that Mabel has a slight leaning towards this young Mr "Smith." Her Father: "Slight? Great Scott, woman, you ought to have seen them on the front doorstep last night!" Young Lady: "How much?" Telegraph 'Clerk: "Sixpence." "For that one word?" "Yes. Same charge for twelve words, or less. You can repeat the 'Yes' six times if you wish." "Um-no that wouldn't look well. It is an answer to a proposal of marriage." Young Husband: What is it, darling ? Do you want some money? . Young -'Vife: Yes; but I won't take any from you, dear, because you told me you hadn't much at the bank. If you'll write five pounds on one of. those little pieces of pink paper, I'll take it to the butcher and get the money. He can .afford it better than you, dearest. {and asked if they sold a cure for corns. 'The youhg man said no, but he could give a recipe his mother often told him of, and he said, "Get some cheese and roast it,rub it on the corns, and If there are any mice in the room they will come .and nibble them off." 