I TJNJOINTED CHAT. a seat BY MERCUTIO. When the First-class Political Volcano (this is the very latest addition to Mr. Reid's affixeD, and is of his own coinage) "astonished the Assembly last week by announcing that he would probably as Federal Premier, have something to say in locating the seat of Government temporarily at Sydney, judicious people, after the fashion of Court Reporters, wrote " C.A.V." at the foot of the startling deliverance ; meaning that they would sleep on it, and say what they thought later on. Pending judgment by the judicious ones, I will take the liberty of refreshing the ordinary reader's memory by an extract from the Commonwealth Bill. Every mother's son of us is presumed as a matter of law, they tell me, to know every Act of Parliament by heart, but this being at present only a bill people have not begun to commit its clauses to memory, which is why I trouble them with the extract that follows from clause 125 3-41 The seat of Government of the Commonwealth shall be determined by the Parliament, and shall be within territory which shall have been granted to, or acquired by, the Commonwealth and if New South Wales be an original State, shall be in that State, and be distant not less than 100 miles from Sydney. ... If Victoria be an original State the Parliament shall sit at Melbourne until it meets at the seat of Government." Unless a horse-hair capsule is necessary to set a man's brains in motion so as to understand these sentences, the opinion in the street must prevail that the seat of Government is to be in New South Wales if that colony joins the federation as an original State (which she will), and cannot be at Melbourne. a . . . . Now comes the trouble. The obtuse speaks only of a " Seat of Government," and is silent whether a temporary as well as a permanent seat is intended. If a " permanent " seat, then such a seat must be somewhere in New South Wales distant not less than 100 miles from Sydney and it cannot be either in Melbourne or in Victoria. If both a permanent and temporary seat of Government are covered by the house, then the temporary seat of Government follows the same direction as applies to the permanent. If the clause has no application to a temporary seat of Government, that the omission, a temporary seat, must be supplied either by the Imperial Parliament or the Queen. But as Horatio said to Hamlet : " There needs no ghost, my Lord, come from the grave to tell UB this." What we want to know is whether, without violating the Commonwealth Bill, Sydney eau become the provisional or temporary seat of the Federal Government. a Without the invaluable aid to thought, which a day or two's fishing would afford, I can only give a " Hansom cab " opinion on this last question. But such as it is, here it is There cannot be a permanent Seat of Government until the Federal Parliament determines where it is to be. That Parliament must sit at Melbourne. To enable that Parliament to come into existence a number of important facts and acts, executive and administrative, must have taken place. Thus, the Queen must have appointed a Governor-General, and as Parliament must meet at Melbourne not later than six months after the day on which the Queen's proclamation establishes the Commonwealth (i.e., not later than one year after the Commonwealth Bill is passed by the Imperial Parliament), and as immediately on the establishment of the Commonwealth the important departments of Customs and Excise are transferred to the Federal Executive, and all sorts of important appointments have to be made, there must, of necessity, be Borne centre of administration during this necessary interval. Must a temporary seat of Government then be established in New South Wales, as well as a permanent one, and must it also be at least 100 miles from Sydney. The question seems to be settled by clause 2, of chapter of the bill, which empowers the Governor-General to exercise in the Commonwealth, but subject to the Constitution, such powers and functions of the Queen as her Majesty may be pleased to assign to him. The power of declaring where the temporary Seat of Government shall be being a necessary one, and not one provided for in the bill, would devolve on the Queen, and therefore may be exercised by her representative, if assigned. Of course, like a man of sense, he will go straight for Sydney, after a short interview with Mr. Reid, the Federal Premier, or else you can fill up this blank). *' Something too much of this !" Just to. But only a few words more to present the diplomatic, or balance of power argument. The temporary Seat of Government in Sydney is a beautiful counterpoise to the temporary seat of Parliament in Melbourne ; also a guarantee that the word 14 temporary " shall not in the latter case be said to read " permanent," as unkind critics wish us to believe. You shall have all the talking done in Melbourne for, say, five years, provided that we do all the administering of Government in Sydney for the same time. Now, " who could say fairer than that," seeing that about in five years we should have our " Ottawa " ready for occupation. When I think of it, the notion commends itself as the best possible of " compensation balances." were Speeches by Indian and Canadian Viceroys all of us have read at some time, and many of us have listened to speeches delivered by car own Governors, coming or going ; but at this moment I don't remember any Vice-regal deliverance which had a stronger ring of that " Secundus princeps," which is the mother of true eloquence, than that of which Lord Tennyson acquitted himself on his arrival at Adelaide. It is hard for Governors to get away from platitudes, and to avoid the vain repetition of phrases which we have heard so often before. And that is the best reason I know for differential treatment of their addresses. A speech by a " First-class Political Volcano " is one thing, and a speech by an arriving or returning Governor is another, and a very different sort of thing. We weigh them by different standards and cry " Hear ! Hear !" for different reasons. Then it must not be forgotten that the Governor has two, if not three different sets of critics. There is the Colonial Office always ready to administer a. snub or a warn- ing ; then the local Government authorities, very jealous and inclined to carp ; then the irresponsible crowd assembled to have their ears tickled, and not entirely composed, please to observe, of " groundlings," but sometimes concealing such wiseacres as you and mc. Well, Lord Tennyson's speech was an eloquent one, and his invo- cation of the " Imperial instinct " deserved all the applause it received from a large and representative audience. As to the " Jingoism," which one of the London weekly papers some time back announced as one of Lord Tennyson's qualifications for office, I see no signs of it in this speech-that is to say, no signs of the aggressive, rampant Jingo. If there be any hint or taken in the speech of the Jingo Couohant, or in repose, I for one say, what matters it, seeing that the only danger that we need to be careful about in the jumping variety ? Likewise, I see no signs of any want of self-possession or asserts veness on the art of Lord Tennyson such as they thought in London might require " transfusion " from Earl Beauchamp's large store of confidence in himself. a . a Lord Tennyson, in the oourse of his speech, said that " he had long looked upon Adelaide as the young Athens of the Southern Pole." I had intended to fall foul of this phrase, holding that it is not strictly correct, and does a flagrant in justice to Sydney. But Lord Tennyson has said the " Southern Pole," not the Southern Hemisphere, or even Australasia and so long as our claim to be the Athens of this continent is not jumped by any ambitious and aggressive offshoot of the metropolitan State, it does not matter what city or place J is the young Athens of the Southern Pole ; our rights being concerned with the temperate, and not the Antarctic zone of this hemisphere. Wherefore, let the phrase pass ; but his Excellency of South Australia might do worse than take a note of what I have said and, after all I do congratulate him on the discovery of Young Athena-the resemblance of the Gulf of St. Vincent to the Saronic Gulf; of Kangaroo Island to Salamis ; of Mount Lofty to Mount Hymettus and last but not least, of Mr. King went to Pericles. says. The face, or horizontal value of city land is not badly denoted by the extension skywards of such places as the Colonial Secretariat, the Department of Public Works, the Post Office, and the Custom-house. Architeoturally, this piling up of Pelion upon Ossa is no doubt a great blemish on the fair proportions of some of these buildings. Whether such a building as the Post Office was designed to carry the additional weights now being hoisted on to its cornices, is a question on which the opinions of experts are divided but perhaps it will be found capable of supporting the additional strain of federation, business, at least for a time, that is to say, until the new Federal capital, with its apparatus of Federal departments, is ready to accommodate its Federal officers and material. The same might be said of the Custom-house, with its superincumbent weight of now quarters. If these additions are not being made in view of the early transfer of the various State, Post, Telegraphic, Customs, and Excise § departments, I can't understand what they can be for, a « . . . Despairing of their Republic, and hopeless of ever being able to understand the Affairs Droyf in, or to believe the institution of the army, or of justice, or anything else, some 17 persons on the first Sunday after Easter violently shifted from their French world into -. Of these unhappy ones the world only knows that they committed the offence known as felo-de-se. We shall never know why the slings and arrows of fortune were too outrageous for their endurance. They could not bear their gardens and they made their quietus, whether with a bare bodkin, revolver, dagger, razor, fathom of rope, plunge into the Seine, poison, or other permanent soporific, matters not what they did was to end the heartache and the thousand natural shocks that French flesh was heir to. Others may follow their example, for a Frenchman seems to prefer suicide to ex- patriation. He will expatriate on an assured salary ; but he will not try to subdue the bar barons forest or desert " on his own " if he can help it. Algeria, perhaps, is the French colony in which Frenchmen have succeeded as colonists, and that is because Frenchmen say the Mediterranean is only a French lake after all, and Marseilles is but a few days off by steamer. * * * . I heard a novel suggestion the other day the subject of speeches in Parliament. It was that all members should address the Chair seated, except the leaders of the three parties Government, Opposition, and Labour Ministers in office, and those members who had been Ministers. If any other member desires to speak standing he should previously have obtained the permission of the House after notice and motion by same other member. There is not the least doubt that the erect attitude in speaking suggests all sorts of rhetorical improprieties. For example, in addition to prolixity: and talking to an imaginary or actual gallery, it leads to development of bombast and flummery, boat and bluster. But business is best done sitting, and it is difficult to see why legislative business should not, with the exceptions indicated, be transacted in the same way as the business of a big bank or insurance company. This obvious reform must, however, be postponed until after federation, when instead of 125 members, the Assembly will be a handy and compact body like a larger and wiser municipal council. 