A MAN AND HIS MONEY. CHAPTER VI. It was a beautiful afternoon, and Fay thought she would pay another visit to her old friend in the cottage on the cliff. It seemed such a terribly lonely life to the young girl, that now, having permission to call again, she determined to pursue her advantage, and cheer up the old woman as much as possible. A look of pleasure radiated Rebecca's face when she saw her visitor. " It is so good of you to come again so soon !" she said heartily. " Not at all," answered the girl brightly. " I am delighted to come." " Well, sit down, my dear, and let us have a cosy chat. Tell me what you have been doing since I saw you." " Nothing very much," said Fay ; " indeed I never do anything much. My life is pretty much the same day by day. I teach Ethel Renton all the morning, and idle by myself all the afternoon ; and that is all." She looked up at the old woman with a gay little laugh. " It is a sad confession," she said, " but I am afraid there is nothing in the world I love so much as idling." " I shouldn't think you would get much of it in Harry Renton's house," said Rebecca drily. " Not only he, but all his family, are capable of working a willing horse to death ! What sort of girl is Ethel ?" " Oh, I don't know !" answered Fay. " I almost think I like her the best of the family. She is not so depressing as the rest. Do you know"- she said turning to her suddenly - " that Captain Renton is staying at the Manor now ?" Rebecca shook her head. " The vicar's son, you mean ?'' she said. " What is he like ?" Fay bent her pretty brows in perplexity. " You see, I only met him at breakfast this morning, so it is very difficult to judge. He is, at any rate, very good-looking." " And what is it you don't like about him ?" asked the old woman shrewdly. Fay started. " I never said I did not like him !" she said, surprised. " No, your lips didn't ; but your eyes did." Fay laughed lightly. " I shall, have to be very careful what I say to you," she said, " if you are so sharp." She played with a small gold bangle on her arm thoughtfully. " I have not even spoken to him yet," she said, " for " -with a laugh without the smallest resentment in it - I am not on sufficient equality with the Henry Rentons to be introduced to their guests. But it was his eyes I did not like. He stared at me in a way which was - well, impertinent !" But Rebecca only smiled. " If that is his only crime," she said, " there cannot be much the matter with him. You could not expect any man, dear, to pass by your pretty face without looking at it." Fay coloured at the old woman's compliments, and returned her smile. " It all depends on what sort of way it is done," she said, still unconvinced, and thinking enough had been said on the matter, changed the conversation. " Have you heard," said Fay, " that the Yews is said to be haunted, and that the figure of an old, grey-bearded man, dressed all in white, makes his appearance in the avenue every night ?" Rebecca looked up with interest. " No ; I have not heard it," she said. " And I suppose they say it is my master's ghost ?" Fay nodded her head. " My master's ghost !" cried the old woman, with scorn. " What should my master 'walk' for ? There was nothing on this earth he minded leaving behind him, or that he would ever want to come back to see again." " They imagine it is because of the hidden money," explained Fay. " Hidden money, indeed !" repeated Rebecca, even more contemptuously. " Why should he care for money after his death, when he never thought of it during his life ? All in white, do you say ? Good gracious me ! What fools people are ! Why in the world should he be all in white off the earth, when he never wore anything but black on it ?" " It is a recognised custom, isn't it," said Fay, smiling," 'that ghosts should be attired in nothing but white ?" " Ah !" said Rebecca, knowingly. " You may be very certain that my master's ghost is a very substantial one. Someone has a motive in scaring people away from the place." Fay looked up quickly. " You mean that Mr. Renton -- ?" she began. But the old woman broke in abruptly. " I don't mean anything," she said. " I only think." Meanwhile Rex had made his way up to Roxley Castle, and had been accorded a most flattering reception. The countess had taken a great liking to Captain Renton when she had met him out in India ; and she was glad to see a visitor at Roxley, for life was dull to her pleasure-loving nature. She would never have come at all had it not been that her husband insisted on spending most the winter there, and, being a man of iron will and much older than herself, he generally got his own way, in spite of his wife's remonstrances. 'The people in the neighborhood are so dreadfully dull and respectable !" she had protested." 'If I go to Roxley I know I shall shock them. It is my longing to do so whenever I am amongst them !" And now she received Rex with undisguised delight, and the two sat talking for some time about the old days in India. " You will take pity on me, and come again soon, won't you ?" she said insinuatingly. " Roxley will be so sorry to have missed you ! He has gone down to look at some newly purchased cows. Nothing he loves better than pottering about his old farm. It is a great pity I don't have rustic tastes, too !" Rex smiled. " But you will be going up to town, soon ?" he asked. She made a little grimace. " Roxley declares he won't leave the castle, until the end of May. It is dreadful, isn't it ? He has tried to pacify me by letting me give a dance next month. You will be in the neighbourhood then, won't you ? You will come ?" " Well, I am afraid I shall have gone," he began. Fancy living four weeks in the same house as his uncle ! " Oh, but that is nonsense !" she broke in at once. " You must not be allowed to go. You are staying at the Manor, I think you said ?" She looked at him furtively. Perhaps she understood his reasons for making such a short visit, and sympathised accordingly. " " Ah, well, when you time is up there, come and stay at the castle. You can then help me with all the arrangements for the ball. Will you ?" He could not well refuse the invitation, while her brown eyes looked at him so. Neither did he want to, though he scarcely knew what his aunt and cousins would say. " I shall be only too delighted," he answered. " Then tell your people about the dance," she said graciously. " The invitations will be out next week. In the meantime, come to lunch one day - Tuesday, shall we say ?" He accepted, conditionally that it did not interfere with his aunt's arrangements, and took his leave/ " I suppose I ought to have asked his cousins to lunch, too," she said to herself dubiously when she was once more alone. " But I couldn't - I really couldn't. How is it that such a man as Captain Renton can be related to such dreadful people ? Ah, well, they must be satisfied with the dance. They will be lost in a crowd then, fortunately !" Rex walked down through the broad sweep of Roxley Park, and decided to go home by the path along the cliff. As he came along he started, for there, in front of him, stood a girl's figure silhouetted against the crimson rays of the setting sun. Something in the slight, graceful figure seemed familiar, to him, and he hastened his steps and drew nearer. All his good resolutions seemed to be slipping away. Only half an hour before he had quite made up his mind to persistently avoid this girl, who had so confidently boasted that she could subdue him. She stood at the edge of the cliff, her eyes fixed on the sea, quite absorbed in her own thoughts. She did not notice Rex until he was quite close, and then his appearance made her start. She looked at him wonderingly with her great, dark eyes, which seemed to have caught the reflection of the sunset. " I am sorry I startled you, Miss Calderon," he said apologetically. " Do you often take twilight walks on the cliffs ?" The dreamy look his advent had interrupted came back to her eyes. " The sea has a fascination for me," she said. " I love to watch it. It is so restless - so impatient to control. It always seems to be as if some powerful hand were holding it back and forcing it to obedience against its will. One day," she went on pensively, " I think the hand will relax its hold, and the waves will then break loose in all their fury and overwhelm us !" " What ? Do you prophesy another flood ?" Was this the girl who had been described to him as heartless ? This girl, with the far-away eyes and the sweetest voice he had ever heard ? He felt his feelings of aversion slipping from him one by one, and he pulled himself up sharply. " After all," said reason in his ear, " it is all done for effect. She is clever, and knows how to suit her conversation to her company." She turned round at his words, as if to see if he was serious or not ; but as she glanced at him the dreamy look fled from her eyes, and a mischievous sparkle took its place. " What have you been doing with yourself ?" she asked, breaking out into a little ripple of laughter. " You look as if you had been out in a heavy snowstorm. You have no idea what an amusing spectacle you present." The sudden transformation bewildered him, and as he glanced down at himself for an explanation of her words, he was trying to make up his mind in which mood she looked prettier - whether he liked her best with the far- away look, or as she was now, with the laughter on her lips and lurking in her eyes ? He found that he was covered with petals of double cherry-blossoms. He remembered now how they came to be there. " I knocked against a tree coming out of Roxley Park," he said, smiling, " and was at once greeted with a shower of blossoms. It did not strike me at the time that the petals would cling so tenaciously to my coat." He tried to brush the blossoms off his sleeve ; but she stopped him. " You will never get rid of them like that," he said. " They stick so to the rough tweed. They ought to be picked off one by one. Stand still a minute, and l will do it." In a moment she had slipped off her gauntlet-glove, and, standing as near to him as possible, her slim, white fingers soon cleared the petals from, his shoulders. Captain Renton stood wondering both at her and .himself. Her quick action had astonished him. She had done it with such an absolute lack of self-consciousness, he could not be persuaded that it was only the manoeuvre of a finished coquette, try as he might to convince himself of the fact. The touch of her small fingers sent an odd thrill through him. Her charming head was so close - so dangerously close. He threw discretion to the winds. After all, if it pleased her to attempt his conquest, let her. He was over thirty, and if he were not able to take care of himself by this time, he ought to be ! Anyhow, the process of his subjugation was pleasant. " What ? Are they all gone ?" he asked, almost with disappointment, as she stood back and drew on her glove again. " I expect there are some in the brim of my hat. See if there are not." " I dare say,'" she said laughing. " Take it off and shake it !" This was not quite what he had intended ; still, he did as he was told. The sun had disappeared beyond the horizon, but he had left a trail behind him which reflected on the sea and dyed the waves a golden and a crimson hue. " Are you going home now ?" asked Rex. " If so, we might as well go together." Fay turned to go with him at once, and together they traversed the little wood, passing the great iron gates of the Yews, at which they paused for a moment and peered furtively in. But there was nothing to be seen, only the great black trees looking more sombre and gloomy than ever. " It is a fit residence for a ghost, at any rate !" remarked Captain Renton, as they went on. " Yes," said Fay. " But do you think even £80,000 is worth all the trouble and worry Mr. Renton is taking to find it ?'" She was thinking of the idea that Rebecca had put in her mind. " No," answered Rex absently. He was wishing it were not quite so dark, so that he could get a clearer view of his companion's face. The dinner-gong was sounding loudly \- aggressively - as they walked up the drive to the Manor. To Be Continued. 