imnina movements. Two Westralia diggers had a bit of luck last week by unearthing a -4iJ0oz. nugget at Marble Bar. About 100 tons of asbestos is beincr sent away from Beaconsfield, Tas., to test its commercial value. A Sydney syndicate has bought most of the likely looking Koolamadow claims on Woodlark Island. Phice of tin in the London market was quoted last week at £120 10s. 6d., being a decline of £4 7s. 6d. per ton.™ ? Jas. M'Brien, it is claimed, first dis covered gold in Australia, at the Fish River, Bathurst, on loth February, 1823 Klondyke is now entering the .Company era and hydraulic machinery is beginning to supercede the older methods of mining. On the Peak Downs last week a couple of lucky ones bottomed on £dwt to the dish. And other prospects are' not showing too badly. A company has l-een formed to exploit the neighbourhood of Warwick for man ganese. Mr. Speaker is chairman of directors. The White Cliffs Opal Company in N.S.W. has discharged three hundred men \owing to the stagnant condition of the opal market. The Victorian Full Court has decided i/iiiii» iiie Ausi/ianan vroia rteoovery »jom panv is entitled to a royalty for the use of dilute solution. The fact that diamonds to the value of nearly £80,000 were found last year in the Transvaal shows that the Republic is rich in other things than gold. In New Guinea the diggers are raking the gullies and rivers over again. As we said before the best all round claim in the country is held by Burns, Philp and Co. Thk Boer war has already had the effect of sending the price of diamonds up. The man who strikes a good diamond patch in Australia at the present time will be right There is nl\i'cli ' uisguso iraongst the miners in New Guinea in conseq^..'^ of the way original prospectors are beWg kept out of discovery claims by the autho rities, ? The gold production of Queensland in 1861 was only 1077bz.; in 18118 it had jumped to 920,048oz, and formed one-third of the total value of the exports during last year. Twelve of the Rand mines are now being worked by the Transvaal Government. Oom Paul means to fight the capitalists with the weapon they have the most reli ance on— gold. A Government officer from the Mines Department is going to inspect the Warwick and Leyburn goldfield, and should his report be favourable Government assistance mil be given to sink a test shaft. Yankee Rockfeller and the Rothschilds are trying to gather into the combine any thing big in the copper line in Australia. The local boomsters haven't the ghost of a show to take either of them down with a 'sure spec'l The N.S.W. Minister for Mines, when introducing a new Gold-dredging Bill in the Assembly, said that it was found that from a grain to a grain and :t half of gold to the ton would pay a dredging company in New Zealand. The richest mine in the world, though not the largest producer, is the copper mine of the Calumet and Hecla Company at Lake Superior, U.S. It religiously pans out annually £300,000 in dividends to the shareholders. Thekk is some difference lietween the TVm^nrx-/Jn^-itiid 4Jw~%dnu-i JhUJc 1 in over the value of - Miillagot' shares. Conse quently the Post in a recent leading article took upon itself the task of administering a spanking to the Bull it. AcroKDiNi; to the Cooktnvn 1 »dc)Hndt:nt Mr. Le Hunte and the Premiers muBt.be. preserving New Guinea for pastoral and plantation syndicates, and Australian miners will be driven to German territory, where the restrictions are less expensive and oppressive. The Clullagoe Company employs at pre sent about 200 miners, and the wages paid to them are 'Js. per shift for dry and ite. -»d. in wet ground. That's a severe cut at the miner's established 10s. a day, and a very ungrateful return for the Parliamentary concessions obtained by the company. Describing the mining population at Rocky, a correspondent of the Mundir Miwr says : ' Well, Mr. Editur, this Rockey is a quear plase, there is some miners on it, some women, some goats, a great lot of fowls, some hoodlums, some yahoo's and several other things two tagus to niensun. Noniorc, Yours ' One of them.1 ' p Mn. Dunstan, of the Government Geo logical Department, is of opinion that allu vial mining in the Clermont district lias a long life before it, but that the present method of obtaining gold must give pluce to others of a more up-to-date character in which capital would Ix? invested for th« purchase of machinery in order to cope with the difficulties to lie expected in wet ground and deep sinking. 