; EXTRAORDINARY CREDULITY. NEW SECT IN AMERICA. The New York correspondent of the Mel- bourne " Argus," writing on the 1st of Sep- tember, says: (Mountebanks appealing to thc credulity of the ignorant in thc name of religion are always with us. This year the most suc- cessful and notorious of these is a man who calls himself the Rev. Frank W. Sandford, who has organised an associa- tion to which he has given thc namo of The Holy Ghost and' Us Society, and which has just held a session of eight days on a hill in tho state of Maine. Sandford appeared on this hill three years ago, with a spade in his hands, and began to dig saying that ho had been commonded by God to erect a temple there, and revolu- tionise tho religions of thc world. His RCO] was infectious, and those who came to scoff Tcmnincd to assist. More than two hundred men from the adjacent fnrm iing districts joined him in thc work without pay. Every day ho prayed for money, and soon it began to roll in, for tho deluded agriculturists sold their farms, and gave him thc proceeds, and contribu- tions came from others. One farmer sold all he had, except a herd of hogs. Those he killed and buried, because Sandford re- garded them as unclean animals, and would not receive the value of them in cash. 'With the contributions of the last three years Sandford has erected a "Temple of Truth," consisting of four buildings, enclosing a court, and has ox jiendcd moro than $100,000 on them. Ai the beginning of Hie recent convention ho remarked that $20,000 was needed. He prayed for that, sum, ami Immediately afterwards exhibited tho money, assorting'] that it lind lieen sent tu him from thc Al- mighty. The society has now about 3000 members. Sandford baptised ninny new- comers during tho convention, plunging them into ii river, while his followers on tho hanks shouted "Hallelujah!" in his public addressee he prcdict.s that England and America will soon unite to subdue the whole world with fire and sword. At thc close of tho convention he sailed for Eng- land, promising lo bring hack a largo sum of money. I'roba'lily ho will return, fo there is much moro money to bc drawn from the credulous for the support of his projects. The society's property was left ill I'hiirgc of loyal assistants or con- federates. 