Apparitions. Yoa will seldom meet an Irish peasant who will confess to never having seen a ghost. Sometimes yoa may suspect that the oracular headshake and the tightly snapped lips cover a real in experience, bat as a rale the testimony is ready enough and with each a cloud of witnesses one comes insensibly to half-believe in ghosts, or at least to suspend judgment on the vexed question of their existence or non-existence. The spot of the world which I know best has half- a-dozen ghosts. The most dignified is that of the just and meroifal judge, Lord Kilwarden, who was unhappily killed in the streets on the night of Emmett's ill fated rising. He returns to hisoldoonntryhouse,whicb,ante dating the mad Duke of Portland's freak, is built half underground, night after night, sitting in his carriage and pair, which is driven by a headless coachman. I have sever met anyone who had witnessed this return, which, all the same, is unqaestioningly believed in. Another ghost is someone who carries a dancing will o'-the-wisp lantern, to arid from a certain fairy rath, which, surmounted by the rains of a little tower, stands in as ldbely fields as William Allingham imagined for his fairy shoemaker. The tower, which winds inward spirally, is a matter for cnriosity. It must have been as narrow aq the chimneys where the unhappy sweep boys of Blake's time were suffocated as often as not, and if it was used aIB a watch-tower, or a beacon-tower, to warn the Palesman of the approach of the Irish enemy from the hills, he must have been chosen for his slimness who ascended from the inside. The road which winds by those lonely fi uds is haunted by a black dog. The bUck dog, indeed, seems of as evil odor ia Ireland as Goethe held him, and the black is, if anything, Irish suspect still. We -used to hear of him constantly a6 accompanying lonely wayfarers at night. I believe myself that he was nothing mere than a friendly tyke turned out of doors at .night, and in search of human r. jenpanionship. However, one urged t!iis point of view in vain. The peasant sUiek to bis ghost ; and one COD firme fwr told me that when he was obliged to gi that road alone, he kept s »ying to blstieelf, 'Ah, well, sure God's etroDger than the divil any day.' This man was i ivariably a ghost seer, except on one occasion, when he confessed to having p wa nothing, but if I didn't the horse di-i. an' hard-set 4 I was to get him a past tn-s spot.' Another night a second ghost-seer burst into the farmhouse kitciien with the sensational announcement that the black dog was on bis track, and t'jat he had distanced him by putting ths horse to its utmost speed. Even as hu said it the half door was pushed open a ad the dog himself entered. He was a vary handsome young black and white white collie, who had broken Iooee from his chain ; but we had much ado to psr- F trade the terrified peasant that it was a rasl flesh and blood dog. Nor was he a bit more sceptical about the true black dug apparition afterwards. One of the clearest-minded and most courageous of men had nevertheless his supernatural experiencf. I don't think h'j has ever known fear of any kind. I r smember one of his experiences was to ascend a hay-loft in which a naked madman with a knife had held ibe world at bay, and to persuade him, by sheer foroe o": will, to olothe himself and take a walk i ito the country, which walk ended in madhouse. That must have been a psychological moment indeed in which, ascending the ladder which led to the left, his head came level with the floor, and a good many men might be excused far shirking it. This very strong-minded person was sceptical at a time when scepticism was a scandal. ' I don't believe,' said ke, at the mature age of seven, that there are any ghosts in the world 4 at all at all.' H"H grandmother looked at the young philosopher ? where he sat toasting his shins by tbe turf fire and demolishing spiritual kingdoms. ' Ah. my boy,' she sa d, ' there are ghosts all arouod ns ; but ; you're not good enough to see His one supernatural experience was this :—Later in boyhood he was watching a group of 'dairy boys' playing cards in a little cabin among the fields, hard by a famous rath. Among them was an old reprobate who happened to be in bad lack. As the game proceeded his oaths and blasphemies became so appalling that even the wildest of his companions turned pale. It waB an exquisite young night of May, but suddenly a wild wind sprang np about the house, roaring and clapping in their ears. There was an unspeakable blasphemy uttered, and at the same moment the bolt of the door which had been shot dropped from its place. The door was flung violently open, the table, the candles, the players, were overturned by a great wind, and then in darkness the wind whioh had shrieked like a multitude of storm-fiends swept through tbe house and disappeared. And outside once more there were only the fields in the quiet moonlight. The old sinner, on being pioked up, waB found to be in a fit. He recovered, however, to repent, and was afterwards quite an exemplary person. But the witness half a century after could not tell the tale without awe. I remember an old woman near the century whose supernatural experiences were very qaaint. She had seen St Joseph in a vision, and he had shaken hands with her without pride. And what did he look like ?' I asked. < 4 Why, what would he look like', was the answer, 'only the lovely figure of a man 7 He was dressed in beautiful shiny black clothes and a tall hat you could see your face in, an' his buzzom (i.e, shirt front) an' enffs was never starched on earth.' She also gave me her experience of a burning ghost, who came to her in an old house of somewhat evil repute. She stood up by my bedside all in flames,' 4 she said, ' but I shook the beads at her, an' says, Go back an' burn where you came 4 from. I order yon to do it,' an' so, bit by bit, I drove her down the staircase, an' on to the mat. an' out by the hall door.' One couldn't help, somehow, feeling sorry for the poor ghost. A more serious ghost seer saw the d banshee nben she was a child sitting by her dying grandmother. The window was suddenly darkened,' she 4 said, and when I looked up to know why, 4 there was a woman's face at it. She waa leaning on the sill, and her hair was all about her face. Black hair it was, and her face was pale and all marked by the tears that ran down it. And when I cried out in a fright, people came running in, but she was gone.' The narrator of this had ' a faity blast' in childhood. She had gone blackberry picking on a rath, and had fallen asleep. When her mother found her one leg was purple and withered, and it was known the fairies had struck her and in time she would die. He mother took her to a blacksmith of the neighborhood one morniog at peep of day, and some magical ceremonies were performed, the nature of which I hare forgotten. The ' gow' or blacksmith is notorious for having power over the fairies. He had a great wish for my mother, 4 the poor man,' said the storyteller. and he was put to it to do it at dawn 4 of day, lest his woman should hear of it, for 'tis well-known that the blast' passes to a relative of the one who 4 has had the blast or the one who removes it. However, it wasn't for any of them, only my own poor mother, and she, God rest her, was taken within the twelvemonth.' This old woman knew a young man named Moore in the Go Coik who was lured into a fairy fort by the sound of the mueic, and danced with the most beautiful ladies in the moBt beautiful ball-rcom in the world. But suddenly the lights went out and tbe musio ceased, and he was lying on the eide of a rath among the withered leaves of autumn. The same died within a year and a day, and it was said tbe fairies had taken him.—'Weekly Sun.' 