ILLUSTRATED L^NCON LETTER. (From. Our Own Correspondent.) DREYFUS : ARE WE WITNESSING THE. FINAL ACT?- ;. ' \- LOMs-oN,- August io. The Dreyfus incidentals still- the world-wide, topic. We have therefo-e pleasure in presenting our reii-.-s with several pictures bearing on the now famous .affaire. The large i lus tration depicts the Lycee at Rennes, in which the Court Martial is being held. Our portrait .of Captain Drey fus shows him in his newly-acquired uniform. The whole of the circum stances that have caused- thousands of anxious moments to France dramati-. cally centres round a solitary scrap of: nanpr and a waste-DaiDcr basket. This 'little bit of thin paper, torn into pieces.' ' tersely observes the 'GraT phic,'' c:when joined up, meant---or seemed to mean— that there was a dangerous^ traitor to France.' Sus-. picion was the gaunt ghost that haun ted the bosoms of a section of mili tary Frenchmen, and they gave them selves no i rest until they ran somebody to earth. ' Alfred Dreyfus was the chosen scapegoat, and. 'so slowly Ii£.s the wheel of Justicegone round, it has taken close .on five years to afford him., and his friends an opportunity of proving his innocence^ Tragic indeed are the details that led to the arrest of Dreyfus. In Sep tember, 1894, one of the spies of the Intelligence Department of the French War 'Office' brought his employers a document, ,torn into pieces, *said to have been stolen from the ? German Embassy where, at that time, Colonel Schwarzkoppen was the Military At tache. The document was carefully put together by the Intelligence offi cers 1 and was shown to the chiefs, General Mercier, Minister of War, General -A Boisdeffre, the- chief, and General Gonse, the assistant chief of the Headquarters Staff. At the head of the Intelligence Department was Colonel Sandhefr-, and among his as sistant officers was Commandant Henry.' On the staff were three offi-, cers : Picquart, Du Paty de Clam, and Dreyfus. Putdtogether the cioiument read : . ' . ' . 'Without news indicating that you wish to see me,'' I am ssndiug yc-i nevertheless, sir, spine' interesting- in formation :. - v- - Ki. A note on the hydraulic 'break -of the 120 and on the way in which 'this* vpiece behaved. ....... .,,.!„,.,.,. .,:,, ' '2. A note on thV covering troop (troupes de couyerture)./ Some modifi cation's will' be' entailed by the new plan. '3 . A note on a modification in ar tillerv formations. '4. A note relative to Madagascar. ?'5., The project for a firing manual for field artillery, March 14, 1894. 'This document is extremely diffi cult to procure, and I can only have it at my disposal for a very few days, The Minister of War has sent a limi ted number of copies to the several corps, and these corps are responsible for it ;. each officer is to send his copy back after the manoeuvres. If, there fore,1 you will take from it what in terests you and hold it afterwards at my disposal, I will take it, unless you should desire that I should have it copied in extenso and then send you the copy. I am about to go to the manoeuvres.' , Unhappily Dreyfus comes of a Jew ish stock, and to this fact not a small share of the scandal must be attri buted. We must hark back nearly 30 3rears to explain. Profiting by the disaster of the Franco-German war, Algerian . Berbers and Arabs tried to rise against their French masters. Tlie colleague of Gambetta, who, it must be remembered was a Jew, en deavored to strengthen French influ ence in the colony by enfranchising the Algerian^ .Jews; other .foreigners and Arabs; being^lef t out ; in : the;: cblch; The ^effect of this arrangement in ; One of her Margest colonies was -not felt -un France to any extent forsome^ears,^ until M. Edouard Drumont and;lateri the alliance with Russia gaye^ rt5: in# I creased ??momentum. It was to y the; zealous anti-Semite Drumont that- the news came Hhat a traitor had: been, found amongst the officers ::pf ; ^trie General Staff at the Ministry for.' War, and that the traitor ws.sla -Jew;, : The correspondent hintedV that .^search should be made among. 'the :preyr fuses, the Mayers, aiid the Devys?5 On the last day o^:; October, ?; :.'i8cj4.,'- : M, Papillaud received* a; letter frivms^ ;-the' name of Captain Dreyfus as-being the culprit, and stating 'that he had, been in the Cherche Midi prison since ;Oc tobers ^15. Dreyfus was. accused of haying sold documents to Germany. It; came but that the arrest had been made by Colonel du Paty de Clam, acting under the orders of General Mercier. On November 1 a Cabinet Council was held, at which ?. General Mercier said 'that he had advised the Military Governor of- Paris to inquire into Uie case. On the very next day the French Government dared 10 perform a deed of which no one with the least love of . fair play could feel proud. Colonel Panizzardi, the Italian Mili tary Attache in Paris, had beiTi freely spoken of as being implicated in the treachery of Dreyfus, Italy as well as Germany being one of the bugbears of the French. On the day .named the, French Government intercepted a telegram from Pannizardi to his Go vernment, begging that if they had no relations with Dreyfus the Italian Am bassador in Paris might be instructed to publish a idenial in order to ^avoid remarks in the Press. The telegram was suppressed from Dreyfus and his counsel by .order of General Mercier,, and only came to light when the niovement ick revsion waa 'well ad vanced'. We have not space to ^allude to the numerous despicable stratagems that .were resorted, to for the sole pur pose of\ making out a case against Dreyfus. On December - 19 he was tried by Cpufrt Martial. 'Doo'rs were closed, and-no reference to documents was allowed.- -Jn, the result he was sentenced .to degradation and to per petual ' imprisonment' in a foreign clime. ... Feeling satisfied- that an, injustice had. been- done,. the friends of the pri soner left no stone unturned to bring the case'before the'notice' of the-. Press and- the public, not only of -France, but_ of England and other freedom loving .countries. The agitation for revision began 'in earnest and was con tinued with unabated energy until success was achieved. 'Dreyfus' was on 'everyone's tongue,, and the at tempts to win justice on the part of Zola, Picquart, and others was exem plary in -the extreme.' The Court of Cassation at last came to the rescue, and Dreyfus is at the present -time being retried at Rennes. It is too early to say what the end will be. Dreyfus may be a free man more quickly than he anicipates,' and his accusers may find themselves in a tight place more speedily than they imagined when they organised *. the direst conspiracy of the century.' -~ ^^m0SS^=rT- -^c J^CB^T^K^AfME}^ : :? 