THE GEEBUNG CLUB. (ClIllOMCI.ED Br " MOBBTBOOrEB.") Id several country town*, tbe wags, wits, and wssaailera, as woll at any other would-be members of Parlia tnent, protuberant politician!, and kindred malefactor!, finding no adequate means of unmur.r.ting their wisdom, bare formed themselves into a club for the purposes of mutual offence and defence. Tbe result proved so successful, from a police point of view, and such remarkable effects upon local public opinion fol lowed, that certain Armidslians, de termined to be in the front rank of Dgross, bare inaugurated a similar y here. An informal meeting was held last week, and, in accordance with arrange ments then made, the first regular meeting of tbe club was bold at that favourite hostelry, " The Gig and Glue Pot," Jtt Whiskers-street, on Monday night. The ffon. 80c., Mr. Soapsuds, read the Charter of Asso ciation, and called upon the members present to answer the roll, and take tbe oath in due form, (ft was re marked that the oaih would ht»o tasted better with a little lemon in it). Mr. Boltlanose Slvdog was nem coniously elected President, amid ' beers. The toast of the President being drunk (heartily drunk, ' in. fact), Mr. Slydog rose and hie gratulsted the mem-bic-ers upon the successful hic-sue to which tho veri hic-ture bad boon brought, lie now form- hic-ally declared the bar open. (Loud beers). Mr. Gandy-Kowlot rose to a point of order. This was a club, not a bar. Mr. President: Well, as most clubs are nothing but bar, tbe hic-stake may be overlooked. Mr. Diglev Bones : I call tbo atten tion of tbia house to tbe condition of the Speaker! I Several voices: You moan Presi dent. Mr. Diglcy Hones : I claim the pro tection of the chair. I was remark ing that 1 call the attention of this bouse to tbe slalo of the Speak— Presidont. If this club is to be con ducted on tbe same lines as a Parlia ment, I, for one, will give up tbe ety pen. Mr. llamlct O'Phelia: Chair! chair! Mr. Digley Bones: Thai's exactly what 1 say. Tbe President has bad too much cheer. Mr. President: Who hic-d-cr, paid for it, if I hate P Mr. Bigbugg: I—haw—consider the President to be—haw—a fit, very fit, and—haw—propab person to repre ■ sent any—haw-constituency in— baw—Parliament, Mr. Hamlet O'Phelia: It'sa very funny fuct to face, Vet fire it mire we muni, Tint if you'd climb up to a place, Of profit, power, or trust, Vou tnusn'l mind morality, Kor shun the foaming pot,' But study cute rascality And utter tommy-rot. Bow there are caaca in galore. Galorious to note. Of M.L.A.'s of mighty jaw W ho've kept themselves afloat By twiddling their moustache a-tilt With Atmospbcrio Gas, Or blabbing out their client's guilt Like Richard Cocr d' Ass 1 Our President is iu the right, Though in his cups also. His speech is loose, though he ic tight, And Mr. Blubberlip: Ile'e not the only one that's tight! Mr. Tugmutton: Money'e tighter! Mr. O'Poesum: Oh, give tie eotne. thing fresh. Mr. Uigley Bones : Why don't they bury the Dead Sea ? Mr O'PoBsum : What in f A Goy Fewkea ptckiog caae 1 Mr. President: Order! Order! Mr. Digley Bones: Order what P A coffin P Mr. Hamlet O'Fbelia: Kola sound was heard at they squeezed him in, And doubled his stiff legs under. But tbe creaking sides of thst packing esse thin, Burst out with a crash like thunder. They jumped and they danced on him might and main, To the the tuoe of the " Lakes of lvil lirney. But the Guy Fawkes crows hare since said plain, They don't mind smells that roar lite a train, Sat theg hate a smell that can barney ! Mr. Blgbugg: Bai jove old chap "pie! That—haw—ie a hit rough— haw—dontcherknow j Mr. Gandv FowIs'b: That's what the Guy Fawkes crows eay t Mr. Kareidney: Mr. President, as a .luminary whose light light eneth the darkneea of the lew of tints, and as one who is most plenti.1 folly ignorant of the diagnosis, treatment, and therapeutical density of typhoid bacilli, I beg to call atten tion to tbe fact that a cabman was only fined one quid Mr. President: . Order! How of hic-ten have I to re-hic-mind mem bers that they are not in Parliament! The hio member—— j- Several voioes: The " hon" mem ber you mean, eir! Mr. President: Well didn't I say the hio memberf I-hic-eay, .the hae-memher-ie hoc-oat of border. He must with-hic-draw the er-bao pression "quid"' Mr. Kersidney: Very well Mr. hic-hac-hoc President. I will with draw the *• quid" inetently if anybue qrili show it to me, though my usual j fee S* one guinea. Ifowever, as 11 wss saying, e cabman wee only fined one pound lot allowing typhoid bacilli to.ride in hie cab witfaont pay ing fare. He should bate been fined poundy fifte -st leeet fifty ponnde! Professor Wlggletop: That's tom myrotitndinoelty. Typhoid is. not infections excepting under condi tions. Hr. Karsidney : Who's to keep it under conditions f. It might sneak ont 1 Professor Wipgletop : If you're riding in Phantom, It is worth a tidy ransom To remember flist the microbes of ty phoid, Lingering lightly round the lioiog, Or upon your Isp reclining. Aro—in legal parlance—cancelled, null, and roid But Ibe thing (o bear in mind, sirs. If yon strike a lucky find, sirs, Of a little damsel sailing round un hiiuyrd. Should her lips like luscious fruit, Oo your own tend a salute. There s a typhoid there that's Meyer s tIf <TM|V Mr. Karsidnev : I rise to point of Order. I should like Mr. Deutcher O'Land: Of you rise* nut a many times oioro mit dose points of orders, you will very soon rite mit meinself ter r.e order of pointers. Yah! Ifaro you aees.ee leetle josk P Mr. Karsidney: Mr. President^ will you keep this dutch boor of a Boer in order ? Mr. President: Couldn't-bic- his doctor do that-hic- better than-hic me ? (Loud laughter and long beers), Mr. Funnyfool: Pink paila for peep pills! Mr. President: Order I order! Mr. Funnyfool: How many boxes shall 1 order, air ? Mr. Karsidney : Mr President I la the dignity of loranorder to be thus openly flouted f I with to call atten tion to the laxity of the police in not arresting somebody, it doeso't matter who it is, in connection wtib the foul, fiendish, frightlul, furious, fierce, funereal-— M r. Oandy Fowles: He's swallowed a whole issue of " Truth I* Mr. Karsidney; Fatal, fatuous, filthy crima at Gatton. Mr, Funnyfool. Ot Albert Troll Got on the pot. And jostled Mr. Bobby. The llobcrl he Immedistely Knocked Albert on the nobby I Mr. Hamlet O'Pbelia: Do you call th«t poetry ? Mr. Funnyfool: Call it anything you like so long at you call for drinks. Mr. Deutcher O'Land: Hans Breitmann gaf a bsrty Vrr ros dot barty now I I tbiok me oa I wilt btf un lagger boer mit meinself. Mr. Hamlet O'Pbelia: ' • A deed of dreadful dree was done Of dreadful dree! Of dreadful dree! By some foul fiend with club and guu O misery 1 O misery I When forth came Archie Meston bold, His blatherakiting tongue he rolled, His Indian robs he did unfold, Bo careful Iy I So carefully! He poked, and peered, and pimped, end peeped, Assiduously! Assiduously t And on bis braw scotch knees he creepod 80 stealthily 1 So stealthily ! Until lie struck some /oldier ants That bit him underneath the pants And now he roars, and rases, and rants So pileontlyT So piteonsly! Mr. Blubberlip: X should like to aak, Mr. President, whether the South Australian cricketers are to play a match iu Armidale on their way from Sydney f Mr. President: All those in—hie— favour of that—bifr—motion, bad bet-, ter—bao—go down to the sta-hic-tion as the criek-hic-etera pass, and say Hi!" (hie). Mr. Digley Bones: I have a ques tion, witbont notice, to ask the 8ecre- j tary. Idas John Norton got a writ from the member for tbe Tweed, yet P Mr- Soapsuds:] No. . Mr. Digley Bones; Then I declare the seat vacant! Mr, Soapsuds: On wbatjanthority t Mr. Digley Bones: According to tbe book of Salomon. Mr. Karsidney. Mr, President, I would like to call your attention 4o' the game of poker which was played' in Court on Friday JaBt. Mr. President: What poker P Mr. Karsidney: Bluff. Mr. Presi dent, bluff 1 Tbe grave and reverend seigniors of the bench gave one de cision, and when tackled with a pro hibition threat, pulled iu their boras like a snail, and gave up tbe legal ghost 1 Accustomed as I am to pub lie Mr. Funnyfool: Houses ! Mr. President: Order ! By Funnyfool: Certainly 1 What shall it he P Mr, Karsidney: Don't be a fool, yon funny fool 1 Mr. Funnyfool.- Ton can never he a fanny fool,' yoa fool. Mr. President: TheBe unseem-hio ly remarks annoy Mr. O'Poesum : What noise annoys an oyster Whentbe waves wapn wearily f What char to enchants the cloister NY hen tbe day di» drearily ? ' " " ""joes What blanched the Bench's beanty, Whatchsnged theconrse they chose P Whatdiidledjtbemfroni duty— A. prohibition 'neath their nose 1 Mr. Candy Fowles: I beg to move that Mr. O'Possum's poetry ho haded in die marble coffin outside the Court Honee. Mr. Soapsuds: 1 osll attention to tbe hour. Mr. President: W bat's wrong | wilb-hic-itf Mr. Soapsudr: Ii*b five to ten. Mr Digley Bones : Book me fifty j to e hundred Mr. Blubberlip moved that the I meeting sdjonrn to the bar, whieh was carried out nemoonlouely. So | was the President. A convivial hoar was then spent down staire, end the<-next meeting being fixed for that night week; the Clnb adjourned. 