The Shadows on the Wail. BY DILLON HUBBARD KERNAN. While travelling from Burgo to St. Paul recently I became- '^acquainted with a young man who bad been farming in Dakota and was on his way to his old home in New York. ' Yes,' he said, as he lit a cigar and took the seat in front of mine, ' I have a ranch out here in Dakota near Park River, bnt I have left it for ever.' ~i~ ? ' The climate is unsatisfactory, perhaps f ' I suggested. ^ - ; r ' Oh, I can stand the climate, but' — He hesitated and looked out of the car winaow tbe prairie unroumg ltaeu x-ttov him as the train sped on. ' I can stand the climate.' be continues *? but I can't stand— spectres 1' I gave a start-. What 1 This great, stra, ping young fellow, seemingly in the fuL rapture and radiance of health, afraid oi ghosts] Was be drunk? Was he de mented ? Or was he simply acting a redicu lous role l I looked at him a little suspiciously. He ?aw the look and laughed. ' Ob, I'm all right,' he remarked ; 44 but maybe you would like to . know why I spoke of spectres just now J' ' res.' 'Well, then, to begin : I went to Dakota in 1SS5 — having been driven to tbe step by tbe fact that I hal dropped the most of my little fortune in a Wall-street speculation. I bought a farm in the vicinity of Park river: not far from the Manitoba line. It's a great grain country up there — produces colossal crops of No. 1 bard wheat when cyclones, dioughts. frosts, bail storms, or prairie firei don't prevent. Listening !' ' Yes —certainly.' ' There was an old two-storey frame hous- on the farm. It was in a very dilapidated condition, and I spent a good many dcllan in getting it made habitable. Finally, oni dreary October day I moved in, with tbi help of a hired man known as Jubilee Jack — a black fellow who bad drifted down that way from Winnipeg, and who had formerly been a slave in South Carolina. ' He arranged the furniture, builtaroarmf fire on tbe hearth, cooked my supper, ane started to leave. ' ' I want your help right along, Jack,' 1 said, *so you may as well remain. You can have the attic room, and' — *' ' O-osh amitey, boss !' exclaimed Jack, hi* ebony face taking on a look of terror. 4 Gosh amitey 1 Wouldn't sleep in dis heah house fer nuffin in de worl'.' 4,1 Why?' ' ' Kase bit's got de* — and bis Toice fell to a low, creepy whisper— 4 hit's got d« ha'nts.' 1 * l'osb I What put such a foolish idea as j that in your head ?' I '* 4 'Sense me, boss, but hit am no foolish- ! ness. De man what built dis house j kim a stasg'rin* home one night and wus nebber seed er-gin. No, sah ' Nebber seed j er-gin.'' ' * Was he a bachelor ?' j ' No, sah. He wug a marr'd man, an' ! his wife wus nebber seed er-gin a'ter that 1 night.' j ' * Strange 1' ] ' 1 Yaas, boss, pow'fal strange. ^ n when j de banker what bed de mortgage on de place ] kim hyar for his money he foun' blood on ; de flo', sha, blood on de walls, blood on de hyarth ! Den a fambly fum Gyafton dey ] moved in, butdey movedouter-gin, qaicker'n i quick.' j ?'Why?1 ! ' 4 Yo'il fln' out why ef yo' stay heah twell mawnin'*' ' * Fiddlesticks 1 Here, take your monsy and come back to-morrow.* He thanked me sombrely aad went his i way. ' The dusk grew on. The clouu. trailed low over the limitless sweep of treeless prairies. The winds went whuddering round and round the house. The rain beat a dismal tattoo on the panes. I partook of my supper, then drawing my chair before the fire read until a late hour. The clock was 'on 'the i stroke of twelve when I went to bed. The ! light of tbe fire made tbe room as light as ! though I had left my lamp still bnrning. I lay with my face turned towards the farther wall. Suddenly I saw the shadows of a man : and woman on its white, nnbroken surface. ] I rose sharply on my elbow and looked round the apartment. It was empty — empty ; but it in an occult way. I watched tbe phantom Pa'r — watched them with a nameless fear j and fascination. Tbe man was tall, slender, j straight as an Indian arrow.5 He were a som brero and a cloak, tbe corners of . which were thrown back over his shoulders. His arms were folded tightly on his breast. His . atti tude bespoke pride, seoni, ferocity; Ths woman was kneeling at his feet, with bowed head and fiDgera locked.' 'The man finally turned away with a ?haughty air. The woman rose to her fast, i reeled for a moment, and followed him — followed himswiftlywithopen, outstretched, . hands. Her companion faced round suddenly, seized her by the throat, and planted a duwer in her heart. ; '. T .'?{ '~i 'The flames leaped up, shone redly for one flying moment, and went ont, leaving -the scene in darkness. Q«fsp|%g^m Inf gp^iliPe lamp. 1 must bave been reami ng,''l remarked to ' vision came sagatn and again.ii gtft ifter night— c®n'|.4vhen I was as wideawake as I am at ihSjweent moment — came when I was alone ? ahd 'when I had the companionship .of friends. ? - - - ; ' I amsno smriiist, no believer in the sup ernrfK&ai;, (Tiffia pifl^ed'ir^thefphenom enpnfif jvhicb % speak;: jAlphehomenon that has finally driven me from my lanch. Ishiall : never return to it.' He tnrned bis face to tbe car window as be spoke, and looked dreamily phi at Ihe . eternal beauty of the sod and sky. . - 'Women lace and pinch their waists because they have an idea that men «dm i re auch waists. They got this idea without ever asking a man, and they'd bold to it if all ths men denied it. 