IfOTBS AND COMMENTS. Ti-t rfe wis #? a^toad^Dec at the ftt ViUiiy VBMliiiK tii* 0A10O9.C Baud ot Hvjic, wb'wii W'» tsa Weditetdny tte-uiiiti, tl» « clianh biiug full. *. The tUy. J, yreeide i. Alter pia.ue yLAjer. th« cb^ifijiag delivered flu I atifdF.'ve f.iUna'.n* arnirriLiiiaiG. ihf «OOU»i of ffbich tjrey# tuiieli appre i mated, ««« ami 1^4 by j nMtaiiefv of i»o Q. i«-4 of Ho(»e— bittM I ocmij oi tih»4 see we,' ' M-erry i'Jiik,' ] bid* ac shiiw { faa,' Gv U Poole ; ' The Fucaiet'a W f?,' f S/m ; ' 3.*ppj Tei/' jsek 8witii; ??-Hniuihjy,' I'l'eJ*' 1'nckur ; '^Tlio tiSfscie of Porter^' Juck fijlberf,- Soloj-^i' K«mein bnv auil 1?or et,' ills ? Mury Foi ' Tlie Tiiy Moukey,' Bene Fox ; ' Won't yoa buy my pieity floiverj,' Myee H--b«oii ; --deV bid* aires, * Florria Hoksoa:; - ' lli* Catbc drsl,* ?r«ncis Lauch«_; ^' The «metes( s ory sver heard,'' Mr W. Fox. Dialogue, by faemliars of tlie Band of Hope. Duet— ' Whsn the mooabeaue gently fdil,';Bene and Norman Fox. Xh« chairuiiku,|in bia «losiag r|marks, anuounced that the noit meet .ng, 'ttl ^ baiog- welfr^would bo held Ou tbat iiiglit threa weeks.. 1 The niugitig of a vera© of ' Work, for tho Night is coming' and prajrer brought a. Ttry ploasant meeting toaoloie. ? * ? -.. * *? The Sub for the Nsw 6now Gbodnd. — At the latter end of last week Mi. Croncb vicited Blayney for the purpose of inspecting blo.kt 20 and 22r— the supposed sites offered to tbe Blayney A. and P. Association for them to choose which they are to have *s it nwvr Show Ground. As our readets are air- «dy aware a petition has gone ia from tbe residents of Blayney again it block 20 being granted, as it is considered to be the moat central property in the town, aud therefore too valuable for a show ground. Acting under the advice of Mr. Grouch, we understand a public ' meeting of the Blayuey residents will be called within a few days for the purpose of inking a vote ou the question as tj whether, the A. an-t P. Association -sba!l be .greeted block 20 or block 22, and when such vote is takeu Mr. Greuch will recommend accordingly. *. ? ♦ *- Band of Hope. — Tho monthly meeting of the Blayney Band of Hope was ' hold iu the Wesley an Church on Friday evening, 17th instant. There was a large attendance, and the Rev. T. Parker presided. The meeting opened with bymn and prayer, after which the following programme was gone through, and was much appreciated : — Recitation, Mr. H. Dyer ; duet, Khoda Reed and Mary Fiemuiing ; rccitatioa, Harold Clark ; song, Ruby Me:) or ; recitation, Mr. D. Morgan ; violin duet, Messrs £. Dyer and Eric Par ker ; song, Bboda Reed ; recitation, Jack Clark ; song, Victor Inch ; recitation, Miss Lizzie May; recitation, Mrs. Crofts; f'ung, Mary Fiemuiing ;? address, Mr W, Roger; duet, Mrs Fraser and Miss He.iusfey j recita tion, Miss Dyer. The meeting tecuiiqated with a hymn and the benediction. ? Sunday-School Annivkusauy. — The anni versary services iu connection with the Blayney Wcsleyan Sunday School were held on Sunday last. Tbe church was nicely decorated for the occasion. Services were conducted in the morning, afternoon, and evening 'by the Uev. T. Parker, and the congregations were large. Special singing was rendered by tha children, assisted'' by the choir, and the Misses Inch and K. Marsden performed tho duties of organist. Wbbleyan. — The Rev. U. Bavin, organ ising secretary of the Wesleyau Century Commemoration Fund, will visit BUyney to-morrow (Sunday), and will preach in the Wesleyan Church iu the inormng, afternoon and evening. Special rnuuc will'be rendered j by the choir, and a hearty invitation is given to everyone, to attend. On Wedues- ? day afternoon next a mounter tea meeting will be heldla the Town Hull, after which a public meeting will be held in tbe church. Thb Blatkey Girosr. — The B lay any cor respondent of the ' Daily Telegraph ' has ' got 'em coming on again.' This week he . [ wired an account of a ghost inhabiting one of the shafts at the coppcr mine, and says that six men have left the mine owing to the terror the ghost has inspired. We need hardly inform our readers that this is a de- j liberate falsehood, and it shows that evvn if seme of the miners were ' pulling bis leg,' the correspondent has ' got 'em bad.' Very often there have been absurd reports of the ; mine sent to the ' Telegraph,' and which were rightly contradicted by the mining editor of the ' Bulletin ' recently. It is a pity that a paper like the ' Telegraph ' does not get a correspondent who is at least a little reliable, and not one who reports that j a ghost is dowu a miho- shaft when it is really nothing more than a harmless buck 'possum. j A meeting of the committee of manage- , ?lent of the G-allymonfc Mechanics Institute wag held en Monday evening last. The secretary reported that t(ie Institute whs progressing favourably, one new tueuiber having -enrolled aud several having renewed their subscriptions duriug- the present month. Having a good balance iu hand, committee decided to vote £5 towards' purchasing books for the library and' t'5 to' form a fund for the eularge*ueot ? of the hall, which is not large enough^ for present requirements. . -v - Bittejc uy A Shakb.— A. ll yeaf eld daughter of Mr. M'Masters; residing -near' C&rcoar;, was bitten by a *nake on -Fri4a^v 17th i-Qsiiiit. There were two riptUea- ia the house, And she succeeded in killiugpdne, b«t the other bit her on the hand. Medical treatment proved successful, SitLED itt a (Shaft. — Au. accident occur red at ijofala on Saturday last; by which an elderly man named ' J oiiu Mulier was killed. -He was seen oa Bttturday;niorning about liis hut, situated at Tr^ppit's Hifl j.aud then for eoaie hours he was mfescd. . A neighbour natned Johnson sent her little , girl to Mul ler's place to return &ome; borrowed article, and not finding him, returned home. Being sent Again souie time later the returned, rtr 'porting hiai still avay. rTbit caused some unessineee and a young fellow- naiaei - liili and some others went up ta jnr&iigato.; Mutter's dog y/ac scraiching away at somfii sluice aud this attracting attention it was seen that & considerable fail of earth had tulrSn place. ^The alarm was at once soun ded and a good many of the mining frater nity were quickly on the spot, and willing h&nds;'set to work removing the earth. 'Tbe bndy was at length exposed, when it was seen that death must have' bee& instautaue otu. It was an awful eighty no previous . death by the same agency erer having caused Much dreadful injuries. The sight uas sick ening and several oi tho onlookers regretted their temerity whfh they saw the body. A cart was obtained and the corpse removed to [lift hospital. A wire Was cent to tho Coro MY Charles Joueo, at Wattle Flat, and pa. his arrival a jury was ettipatmellcd. The body was -iewett ;uid th» (inquiry adjourned till Mond iy, when the inque-t Was contiiu tied, but Jjttlc li^ht coi^i »hrowa otx tfee matter beytmd tiie fact -that .with the custo-j mary, daring of miners lie 'WArked. in danger I ous.'grouad wjlhout takiug 'precaution to see that alPwas secure. The usual finding was - recorded. . * ? ?Amass oks Short Month.— At the Divorce Court, Sydney, on. Monday after noon, Philtstina Useva Francis (formerly Arnold), proceeded before Mr. Justice Stephens, for a dissolution of her marffige with Frederick Bathurst Francis, acto^rop ' the gitiund -of adultery. Petitioner said she was married to respondent; on March Stb, this- yeaY, by the Bev. Diil Macky. A few days afterwards respondent went to New castle, and when he returned a fortnight later evidence that he had committed adultery during that period came under her notice; whereupon she left him. That was a month after the marriage. His Honor granted tbe decree nisi, returnable in one~ month. We learn from Mr. A. S. Gordon, whose pamphlet, entitled -*My Experience as a Charity Carnival Organiser,' was recently noticed in our columns, that the sale of tickets, ia the Adelaide Properly Distri bution, . which is to be drawn in Perth (W. A.) is progressing satisfactorily aud that the drawing will come off shortly. - We might mention thattbe prizes consist of 31 properties situated ia Adelaide, the certifi cated value of which is £10,635, aud 124 cash prizes, ranging from; £50 . down. Tbe tickets are 2/6 -each, and may be obtained by writing to Mr. A. S. Cordon, manager Adelaide Proper ty Distribution, Perth, W.A., piyinent for which may be sent by postal notes or stamps, and should be ac companied by two stamps for reply . and result. 'Locally, tickets may be obtained at the ' Blayney Advocate ' office. Sandeb & Sons' Eucalypti Extbmjt.— Accor- ding to reports of a great iiurab.r of physicians of the nighist professional standing, there are offered JBue-ilypti Extracts which possess no curative qualities. In protection oi the world wide fame of dADNER AND SONS' PREPARATION we pub lish a few abstracts from these resorts, wiiich bear fully out that no reliaucu cm be place i in other 'products Dr. \V. B. liush, Oakland, Fia., wiites It is sometimes iliilicult to obtain the genuine article (SANDliti hiiJ SOXS'}. I employed differ ent other preparations ; they had no therapeutic value and no effects. In one case^hc ^ffe:ts were similar to the oil cainpbora, the objec ioifabjc -action of which is well known.' Dr H. 13. Drake, Port land Oregon, s»ya — '? Since- 1. became acqaainteu with this preparation (SANDER and BUNS'-) I use uo oilier form of eucalyptus, as I think if by far the best.' Dr S. P. Preston, Lynchburg, Ya , writes — 1 ' I never use! any preparation other than SAN DiiS and SONS', as I have fouud the others to be almost useless ' IJrJ.M. Oortnel!, Kansas City, Jiana., siys— ' Care has to be exeicised not to be supplied with spurious preparations, -as dou- by my supply druggist.' Dr. fi. H. li-art, New Vorli siys : — ' It goes without saying that SANDER and SONS' BUCAL.YP.Ti EXi'JSUCT is the best in the market. Dr. James Reekie, Fairview, N. M. — So wide' is with, me the range of applications of SANDER and SONS' EUC.tLTPU EXTRACT hat I carry it with me wherever I go. I find it most useful in diarrhoea, all throat troubles, bron chitis, etc.' Dr A. McKitrick, Brownsburg. Iud.— 'I regard SANDER and SONS' EUCALVHXI IiX TRACr with high repute; As a remedy for ast.li i matic and bronchial troubles, it certainly. caunot bs | excelled.' 