DOINGS - (BY SOMEBODY.) What Next? Federation is the stale red herring which it is now the custom to drag across the champagne and chicken trail of the Annual Saturnalia the Premiers of the several colonies and the Empire of Western Australia give themselves out of the purses of other people. The popu- lation of this "Empire " knows perfectly well that the Premier and Mr. Hackett, as well as Mr. Matheson, are perfectly sure that. nothing can come of the im- pending Conference, and nothing is intended to come of it, so far as this "Empire" is concerned. But the delegates cannot resist the sweet seductiveness of free railway and steamer fares, free suites of rooms in hotels, and free gorges, to say nothing of garden parties, theatre and river parties and the flattery generally which will be showered upon them by 99, out of' every 100 persons they meet, all influenced by the common hope that "something beneficial may come of it" Our Bunbury hero will be told that he is the one Great Statesman on the world, and that Sir John Forrest is the other, and in reply he will make reference (the four hundred and thirty thousandth) to the million ounces of gold which neither he nor any of his tribe had any hand in producing. Hackett will be gracefully reminded that the "West Australian" and London "Times" are the great jour- nals which regulate the destinies of the world, while a delicate reference will be made to the princely charity distributions for which Matheson is so justly famous. And there will be hurrahs and "one more cheer," and each and all will pretend to believe that the others mean it. All this humbug and bunkum will take place amid piles of fruit and brimming glasses of Roederer and Heidseck. Vin brut, of course, and you and I and the tax- payers of the other colonies will have to dub up the boodle for it. Its a blessing that democracy makes all men equal, isn't is? Our Jack, Hackett, and Matheson will drink it and we shall pay for it. See how all these things right themselves? You can now appreciate the blessing of living in a country where one man is as good as another, and a great deal better. But while Sir John is away on grave business of State in connection with his great empire, what the devil is going to happen? What hell-broth, the materials for which are already brewing in the Cabinet cauldron, is to be ladled out in the next two months? Farmer Piesse has taken, the place so profitably (to himself) vacated by Store- keeper Wittenoom, and there is a hush of expectation, everyone waiting for the voice of the oracle. You will remember that all the mis- chief is done during the absence of the Premier, and he knows nothing , about it, or something about it, as the failure or success of each measure requires. If you carry your memory back you will find that Mr. Wittenoom introduced the infamous "ten foot' regulation" during the absence of our great great one. You. will not forget that Mr. Wittenoom publicly stated that Sir John knw all about its intended pro- mulgation. You will remember that Sir John as publicly and much more flarly denied knowing anything about it, and which was the liar is even now only suspected. But we do know that Mr. Wittenoom revels in the honors and emoluments of the Agent - General- ship as a reward for that "ten-foot " devilry, and that Sir John still continues those dangerous jaunts, leaving his empire in charge of some viceroy or other. This time it is the genius who has pretty nearly killed the railways of the colony. Consequently I ask, what next? Will the same wise Governor who assented to the summary dismissal of a former Minister of Railways by his colleague, the Premier, be asked in the absence of that Premier to assent to an export duty on gold or an increase of the present ample duty on wheat? The natural rejoinder to this query in a civilised country would be - Oh, those measures could not be put into force without the assent of Parliament, and I simply answer that although this settle ment has had a Constitution since 1891, it has not yet had such a. thing as a Parliament. There are certainly a crowd of obedi- ent native peasants, assisted by a Queens lander or two, a brace of shady t'otherside land agents, and a couple of still shadier Victorian lawyers who unquestionably and unhesitatingly obey the orders of the Premier in return for the direct or indirect pay they receive; but a Par- liament in the ordinary acceptation of that term, we have yet to see created. Stranger things than those I have named have been done in Western Australia since 1891, and it is because I remember many of these strange doings that I wait to see - what next ? £900! £900! £900! There are awful goings on in the Cabinet. "I have held supreme power for eight years," said the "Supreme Being," at Albany last week. Notwith- standing this public declaration of his Omnipotence the Ministerial head of one of his branches has dared to run counter to one of the "Supreme Being's" ordi- nances. What will happen to this head of a branch? Something terrible surely. Will be, like Satan, be cast out of the Cabinet of Heaven? Its all about that mysterious non-mysterious £900. There has been a Board sitting on it, not the £900 mind, no such luck, but upon the loss of it, for some time, and the Board, who all have the "caste mark," have come to a finding. What! of the £900? No? you old donkey; they have come to a finding about the losing. Oh! I see: and the Government, which is not responsible for the depression because there is no depression, has decided to "invite" Mr. Stevens, the gentleman who would go down to see the quoit match, to recompense the department the loss it has sustained. Luckily for Mr. Stevens, he has the proper "caste mark" otherwise the Government, which Sir John will prove has had no hand in bringing about the depression, would not have "invited" him to make good the £900. The Government would have invited him outsider and have left him there and got the £900 as well. Of course Stevens will protest and declare he has not such a sum as £900, and he will implore the leniency of the Govern- ment, point to his years of honest service, &c.;, &c.;, &c.;, All this is part of the comedy being played under our noses. Ultimately a compromise will be effected, Stevens will, have so much docked from his salary for a given number of years, and as the amount will be made up to him in another way, he will, because he add those concerned have the same "caste mark," suffer in silence. He is quite prepared, in fact, to "suffer in silence," so long as there is no loss of '"boodle." If there was the remotest chance of that contingency, the string would be untied from the neck of the bag and the cat would be out.at a bound. The board with the proper "caste marks" having sent in its report and recommendations, one would natu- rally expect these would be communicated to that section of the press which the government so liberally subsidizes with my money and yours, but here comes the hitch. The " Abject Groveller" sent down a full-blown "representative" (!) to see the "Supreme Being," who was just stuffing the last of his shirts, socks, and collars into an already overloaded portmanteau preparatory to catching the train on that champagne and chicken spree entitled, the "Federation" meet- ing. The "Supreme Being" only had time to say "Yes, Stevens is invited to recoup us. that £900," when he found there wasn't a hole in the portmanteau strap (I. presume you have noticed that there never is a hole in your portman- teau strap when you're in a hurry), and as he.had left his penknife in a waist- coat he had stuffed in the bag, he had to go off and find a corkscrew or some- thing to make a hole, and so referred "the representative of this journal" for particulars to the head of one of his branches, who is known as the "Co- lonial Secretary." Of course he isn't the Colonial Secretary in reality (that's a post the "Supreme Being" holds) any more than Farmer Piesse is Director of Public Works, or Squatter Lefroy is Minister of Mines, as those also are offices the "Supreme Being," holds. Well, "the representative of this journal" (the Abject Groveller) went to the Colonial Secretary, and, well I know you'll not believe it, but the latter absolutely dared to differ from the views entertained by the " Supreme Being" for eight years, and decided that there were certain matters in the report which ought not to be published - and they haven't been. What the deuce is going to be the punishment meted out to the Colonial Secretary when the "Supreme Being" returns from the champagne and chicken, I hardly dare think. Something will, of course, de- pend on the state of the "Supreme Being's" liver; I therefore trust the chicken will be tender and the wine dry. If not, God help the Colonial Secretary. In any event I expect he will be placed at the bottom of the list of sub - in- spectors, and sent to Bottlemup or some other out - of - the - way city. But why should the report be sup- pressed? If I did not know that this was a colony in which there is no de- pression, and where nothing is done in an underhanded way, I should imagine there was a very dirty expose to be kept back, and that it was being hushed up for tribal purposes. It cannot, of course, be possible that one of the officers with the proper "caste mark" can have any hand in luring Stevens on to quoits, and then - oh, its no good entering into abstruse speculations. All I know is that Wainscot and his goings on were very soon sandwiched all over the colony, and I trust that public opinion will insist on the whole business in connection with the ab- straction of that £900 being made known. We all know Stevens? did not get it; then who did? True Definitions. There is, a man of profound penetra- tion by the name of King Oscar, who sits on the throne (whenever he does sit on a throne) of Sweden. He must he a wag in his way, and a bit of a humourist. He gave a new definition of the word "sympathy." You may see it in last week's cables.He said, referring to the Czar's disarmament proposals, that although we were all in "sympathy " with them, no precautions in the way of defence pleasures should be neglected. From this you will see something. like a just assessment of the real value of sympathy. Awfully sad thing about poor Cookson, isn't it? Only married yesterday, wife dead to-day. I've known the poor chap since he was a boy in knickers, and I do sympathise deeply with him, I can tell you. Come and have a drink. Going to the races tomorrow? All right, I'll meet you on the course, and you might give me a hint. How the deuce you get so many good tips puzzles me. Be good. Regards to your wife, Good morning, Rockefeller. Ah ! Mr. Vanderbilt, now do you do? Hear; about poor Mackay? Eldest boy drowned on Sunday, and his only daughter died suddenly last night. Business all broke up, too. He could not meet a bill for 50,000dols. last week. I knew about it coming due, and guessed he could not get the dollars, small as the sum was. I am real sorry for him. Sympathise with his wife most, though. She's dying of paralysis, this last shock will probably be the final one. We were boy and girl together, sweethearts in fact. She said she'd never marry anyone else, and we broke a quarter dollar. I don't know where my part is, my wife's got it some- where, I reckon. I'd have drawn a cheque for him if I'd thought he was so pressed that he had to send his boy to earn his board on a river steamer. How are New York Consols? you don't say so? Why that's three points lower. Mr. Vanderbilt, you'll corner all the soft ones, and they'll have to unload at your quotation. Dine with you Thursday? nm, um, um, with pleasure. Mrs. Roçke feller and the two eldest girls. The others are away up the river. Poor Mackay. Good fellow. He lent me 175,000 dollars once, and would not take the slightest acknowledgement. Here's my car.- Morning. This is sympathy and its value as a factor in relieving distress, in assuaging grief, in. bringing a single drop of balm to the heart of the sorrow-stricken, is just nil. The condolences we send - humbug - and the wreaths - bunkum. And when we are in the midst of poignant distress, the human devils around us turn their heads and some- how don't see us in the streets. Sympathy! If the Czar were to dis- arm to-morrow, most likely France would be the first nation to overrun his dominions. Sympathy! There isn't such a thing. There are two abomin- able words in the English language that ought to be relegated to the index expurgatorius, and never permitted to be used again. Sympathy and Pity! The one is Hell, and the other Sheol. I shall try and be presented to King Oscar at his next drawingroom. He might decorate me out of sympathy. Am I to Blame? "I am blamed for the revenue fall- ing." "I am blamed because the public ex- penditure was not large enough." "How can I help it if the revenue falls?" "How can I prevent people losing their money?" "How could I help the boom col- lapsing?" These are some of the lamentations from the mouth of the "supreme being" of Western Australia wailed out at Albany the night before he Stepped on board the mail steamer, which conveyed him on the road to the champagne and chicken spreads awaiting him and those wingless angels, Messrs. Matheson and Hackett, in Melbourne. They were lamentations certainly, but how noble and pathetic they sound when reduced to lead type. Have you heard such profoundly beautiful and statesmanlike utterances before? Of course he was not to blame for the revenue falling. , It wasn't his Govern- ment which, imposed the monstrous meat and other duties, and drove the con- sumers, i.e., the revenue producers, out of the colony. 'It was the other fellow and his Go- vernment. To blame him because the public expen- diture wasn't large enough is gross abuse. Why, if London would have lent him £50,000,000 more, he would have been only too happy to have expended the bulk of it at - Bunbury, Busselton, the Vasse, Karridale, Northam, Newcastle, and the Nor' West. In an access of that unbounded generosity, which is nothing short of a blemish on the West Australian character, he would have been quite willing to have spent some of this £50,000,000 on the goldfields, if his extremely dictatorial cabinet would have permitted him. He has always been trampled upon by his colleagues, as you will doubtless remember, and it was only on very rare occasions, when the poor worm turned on its tyrants - the colleagues - that he was allowed a little bit of his own way. And yet he "reigned supreme for eight years." It was not possible for him to help the revenue falling. Didn't his Go- vernment issue regulations charging 3d. for admission to the Central Rail- way Station, and more than double the Ban' rates for transmitting money to the other colonies ; and has not his native Water Commission added 25 per cent, to the cost of water supplied to Perth: and yet the infernal revenue fell and continues to fall? It's the in- hereat cussedness of the revenue, that's what it is, and it does it simply to annoy him. That's the simple explanation. To tax the poor fellow, as the cause of people losing their money (not that he has ever been so accused, but that's no matter), amounts to a national crime. The case of poor Dreyfus is the only one which parallels this in its injustice. Has our local "Supreme Being" not taken very legislative care compatible with, his duty to the West Australians to see that, since , the discovery of the goldfields, the people should not have any money to lose? With what justice then can he be charged with an imposs- ible crime? As for the collapse of the boom, how in Heaven's name can he be held re- sponsible for that catastrophe? Good- ness knows he and his friends tried hard to keep it inflated. Do you, do we, not! all know how that many of the native Parliamentary and Municipal dignitaries of this beautiful but somewhat sandy haven of rest rushed home to London with real Mackay mines and floated them there? And did not some of them, even of the Cabinet, become directors? What, too, about the Wealth of Na- tions We all remember the graceful reference made in Parli - I mean the Legislative Assembly - respecting it; how they (the natives) congratulated themselves that the foreigner from the other colonies was not in it. And now look how successful it has (not) turned out. The insecurity of mining tenure Wittenoom's, brilliant effort of native genius (the 10-foot regulation) - the awful cost of transportation on our rail- ways, their savage mismanagement, and the open corruption in the Mining De- partment (not now, thank Providence), had nothing to do with the collapse of the boom. It simply collapsed because it didn't keep inflated. Our "supreme being" couldn't help it, and to blame him who is and has always been blame- less, will be sure to come home to the blamers. In the meantime. "They hunt our steps that we cannot go in our streets; our end is near, our days are ful- filled: for our end is come." (Lamentations.} Who Has That Balance? "When I returned from England I found that the credit balance had dis- appeared, and my first duty was to set my house in order (vide speech of "Supreme Being " at Albany). Naturally the significance of this grave statement cannot be over estimated. It has always been a matter of deep con- jecture how it came about that a colony on the pinnacle of pecuniary prosperity should so suddenly have come down ker-flop. We have here afforded us a glimpse, a transient gleam as it were, of the truth. The credit balance had dis- appeared. We all know that the £900 disappeared, and also that no one took it; but the credit balance is a different and much more important matter. If my memory does not fool me, a native gentleman named Wittenoom, one of those heaven - sent geniuses who turn up every 20 years or so, and who only ought to turn up once in a thousand years, sat on the throne of the absent Pharaoh. We all know how brilliantly he wielded the sceptre. Did we not read in the columns of the "Abject Groveller" accounts of more or less solemn and. mournful func- tions at which this native gentleman was the honoured guest, prior to his de- ; parture, of other native gentlemen, who told him in more or less mournful language how clever he was, and how they all shook hands with themselves on the fact that he was native - born, and consequently could do no wrong? Is it that, but no; it is too horrible to think of; but can, can he by some remote and dreadful possibility have nobbled . that credit balance? Perish the thought. Was he not per- petually being complimented on the masterly ability with which he swayed the destinies of the Empire of W.A., in the absence of the local "Supreme Being? " And is he not at the present, moment drawing £1,500 a year, and perks, as a reward, instead of the £1,000 he was then getting, for the splendid way in which he assisted to land this Empire in the mud? You see it cannot be that he is a concealer of that balance. If you ask me, my private opinion is that they were all in it except the "supreme being," who, whether he was in it or not, was not in it because he was away. Whoever else may be, he is not to blame. Even supposing he has it, he is not to blame. There's No Depression. The "Abject Groveller" published a leader last week to prove it. The numerous representatives of the A.G. interviewed quite a number of persons to justify its contention. Bickford was one. He is a city councillor, carries on a large furnishing business, and to prove how true the A.G.. is in its denial of "depression" he said he has had to dis- charge many of his cabinetmakers be- cause the large Government orders had ceased. This cessation has been brought about because there is no "depression." You must see this at once, eh? You don't! Oh, well, you're an impossible person. Go home and lie down: it will do your head good. Weidenbach was another gentleman buttonholed. He said "businesses were too numerous and rents too high (the latter having fallen from 50 to 100 per cent.) How much more he wants 'em to fall only Weiden- bach knows. It is dear, however, there is no "depression"; he proves it by the above statements. Then the indefatigable . representatives of the A.G. went to Mosey. He is one who clings to the coat tails of the ancient inhabitants; good fellow, too; so is his quondam partner, Britnall - Wonderfully charitable both. Gave £10,000 to clothe the poor blacks at Totemup. Now the latter all have pocket handkerchiefs to blow their noses on, and never use their clean white shirt, cufls. When I say never, I mean hardly \- you know. M. and B. gave £20,000 to the Children's Hospital, and when. M. proposed to B. that they should give £50,000 to the Lying - in - Home, and B. said "No," only £25,000, what did Mosey do? He planked down the lot. not born to wealth either. He wa shopman at Shenton's ancient grocery. A steady fellow: "He stuck close to the shop, and never went ; to sea, And now he owns a very large house agency." A constant Church - goer, Mosey. Went round with the "plate" for years. This made him pious, and brought him a good business connection. Some how these things go hand in hand. Well, as Mosey is allied by ties of love and interest with the ancient crowd of W. A., and has a keen desire to benefit Mosey, he natur- ally fell in with the expressed wishes of the A.G. No depression, you know. Certainly not, says Mosey, who for a devout collector of threepenny bits in the Anglican Joss House, has a singu- larly hooked nose - the sort of nose which is but too common in Middlesex- street, formerly Pettícoat - lane. So when asked about the slanderous "depression" he said "he could let more cottages" than he had on his books." Very clever statement this. It's non - committal More cottages. Perhaps he has none on his books.He said nothing about villas. and two or more storied houses. There are plenty of these vacant, hundreds; because people moving out of them, into cottages. Do you know "why? Because there's "no depression." If there really existed any "depression" in this paradise of City Council stinks the people would be moving out of the four roomed cottages into the ten - roomed houses. If you will take a walk about North, East, South and West Perth, leaving out all the other quarters, you will find plenty of cottages to let. But then Mosey hasn't got them on his books. Consequently there's no "depres- sion. I see that a couple of those pre- datory concerns .called Steamship Com- panies are putting some of their vessels out of the West Australian trade. The reason of this is that the colony is booming. If you doubt this, ask the Premier. In his absence, ask Mosey. Depression! why, my boy, there isn't even the ghost of it in W.A. I'm talking rot, am' I? Well don't blame me, I take the "Abject Groveller" for my text book. , If there were really any dullness, falling off in trade or revenue, in fact any "depression," the A.G. would soon expose it after properly arranging with the Government. Mr. C. Wearne has established an electricity foundry in Murray-street, not far from the Cremorne Theatre, where all the most modern types of electrical appliances are visible to the naked eye. Mr. Wearne, can do anything in the direction of electrification, from lighting up the dense fog of a politician's intellect to jerking a man out of his boots with a 40 - horse power shock. Writing seriously as we are able, however, we desire to state that every- thing electrolytic is on view on the premises, and that light power, bells, telephones, or any other electrical fixings can be installed at a moment's notice. Mr. Wearne is sole agent in WA. for Edison and Swan, and for the Stewart Enclosed Arc Lamp. He has also some splendid desk and ceiling fans. Some little peace at night, free from the ravages of the mosquito pest, may be confi- dently expected by those who use Konop Drop, the anti-mosquito specific advertised in our business columns 