SPORTING NEWS. AMATEUR ATHLETICS. By “Fleet o'Foot.” Next Saturday, as everybody interested in cross-country running knows will witness the finish of the harriers’ season. Anyone who has had a look at a harriers' syllabus will find that the 10-mile cro3s-country cham pionship, to be held at Caulfield on Satur day, loth September,, is the last entry made therein. Caulfield will be, next Saturday, tho trysting. place for. all Victorian ha-:icrs. At 3 o’clock the grand race for the t--n-niiie will take place over, -a specially m-asuied course—tho work of the Victorian An aleur Turf Club. The Victorian Amn.tp.nr. Athletic Association offer several prizes, the unyt im portant being those given to the team wlucJi scores tho best aggregate number: of points. Each team is allowed to start 12. mm:, but the first six in count only. Thus,, if a team secured the following positions.—first, second, third, tenth, eighteenth, and nine teenth (total 53 points) —would heat- another team getting fourth, seventh, fifteenth, twenty-first, twenty-third, and twenty- fifth (total 95 points). The prize for the. first man homo is a gold medal and the title- <f. ten mila cross-country champion for season. 1899.- For second and third places silver, medals are. given. The team winning the junior cham pionship aro to be decorated w’th. silver, medals (as against the championship: caps, which are given to the senior, team), and the first junior man home also wins a silver, medal. * The Ballarat Club is especially interested this year, having already two legs in, by win ning tho championship in 1895 and 1898:. so, if it can again win tho team’s prize it. will aIEO obtain the gorgeous shield of gold and silver, valued at 60 guineas, so liberally, pre sented by .Messrs Cohen aiul Coldliam. This shield has to be won three times. The. only other club that has a leg in is the.Melboumc. In order to give my readers a better, know ledge of the teams and contestants, I will give hereunder a very short resume, of. eaoh club:— Ballarat (last year's champions), although minus tho services of Chas. Bennett (first last year), will be very- Etrongly represented. Besides 0. E. Herbert (first ill 1894 and 1890) they wilt have W. Miller and W. Hood, who have been rusticating for a few years- and have once more "taken up arms” in order that their club may win the Oohen-Coldham shield. These three, together with Suffren, Scott, Herbert, Cooke, and Clcmence, ought to furnish their first six men home, anti, fail ing these, Madden, O’Malley, Greenfield, Ma lone. and Sloan come as reserves. This is a most formidable team, and I -will not lie a bit surprised if they not only win the race, but also havo tho honor of annexing, tho medals for first second, and third places, which may possibly be obtained by C. E. Herbert. Chas. Suffren. and Clias. Scott; Tho East Melbourne has a good and steady team, blit does not come up to the quality of- Ballarat. The metropolitan enthusiasts ex pect that H. S. V,'biting, of this club, will get tho individual championship: but, not wish ing to deprecate Whiting’s. running- in the slightest, i don’t think he will be in it with' Herbert and Suffren. The team- ought to como next to Ballarat. Molbourno Haro and Hounds’ best runners aro A. 0. Barrett and E. E. Webster; but they havo a rather poor tail. Auburn team have certainly a good mail-in Don M’Donnld; but I will not give them a place. Footscray and Carlton, the metropolitans think wilt fight it. out Tor the junior championship, but their view must be very ” narrow, cribh’d, and confined ” not to think of our local junior team; the East Bal larat. This latter team has some verv pro mising runners, and Geo. Iliscox. A. E.' Ily nam, J. Price. S. Richards, and'll.’ Simming ton, and Cos. ought certainly to carry off the championship in this section: Easendr-n, has the champion-novice of the year in J. Stillwell, who (lid tho seven miles in such wonderful time, only a few seconds off tho standing record; but the remainder o* their toam is not too good. Clifton and Northcoto certainly occupy the pride of place in sociability, but not' in- run ning. Tho other teams have not the ghost - of a show for any of the prizes offered. To sum up. I will place tho teams as they should como in on Saturday—Ballarat, East Melbourne. Molbourno H. and H., Esseiidon, East Ballarat. Melbourne. Auburn. Carlton, Footscray. Malvern. East Melbourne B team, atid Clifton and Northcoto. For tho individual championship—C. .E. Herbert GUI.). C. Suffren (8.H.); Hi G. Whiting (E.M.), J. Stillwell (EsseniWi); E. Scott (B.IL). W. Cumming and'E: E.' Webster (Melbourne 11. and H.). To enliven spectators whilst tlie - 10-mile runncr3 are doing their cross-country,, two sprint races will bo held over-two distances —lOO yards and 440 yards. 