NEWS OF THE DAY. School of Arts Debating Club.—The appointment of twelve members to the Legislative Council, in connection with the Federal Enabling Bill, gave rise to an interesting debate last Thursday evening among members of the above club, and the affirmation of the Government that said action was not in accordance with the wishes of the people was agreed to. The gentlemen who took part in the debate were Messrs. Scholes, Wight, Drew, Shaw, Dennis, Glass, and Curtis. INCORRIGIBLE. — Leslie Apps, an Armi- dale boy, not yet twelve years of age, has passed beyond the control of his father, as acknowledged by the latter in the local court on Friday last. The boy, in com- pany with two others, managed to find his way to Uralla, where Senior-Constable Byrne took him in hand, and brought him back to Armidale. The magistrates, Messrs. Parker, P.M., and McLean, ordered that the boy be sent to the Sobraon, and the father, who deposed that his earnings amounted to between £3 and £4 per week, was directed to pay 5s. per week towards his son's mainten- ance. Fined for Trespass.—T. J. Wright was plaintiff and T. Brown defendant in a case of trespass heard on Friday in the local court. Mr. Claverie was for Wright and Mr. Weaver for Brown. The com plaint was that the latter entered on plain tiff's land and trespassed with a flock of sheep. The defence was that Brown had been told by a drover that he could put his sheep on land between the properties of MessrB. White and Wright, and he was nnder the impression that he had pat them on Crown Lands. The Bench im posed a penalty of £2, with £1 5s. 10d. costs, in default distress and imprison ment for two months. Hawking Without a License. — A charge of this description was entered against one W. F. Squires at the Armidale Police Court on Friday. Mr. Weaver, who represented him, stated that his client had been engaged in travelling with jewellery for a great many years, and he was not aware that he bad broken the law in the respect named. The police agreed to the withdrawal of the case. Glen Innes.—We are sorry to state that Staff-sergeant Goble had the misfortune to bnrst a blood vessel on Tuesday night last. His medical adviser has ordered him total, rest and quietness for a few days-—A " Ghost" Scare: During the past few days no small amount of curiosity has been awakened in town by the statement that a spirit from the unknown regions had es caped, and could be seen nightly at the old old slaughter yards on Furracabad Plain. Several persons, who have seen the appari tion, maintain that it is hideons in the ex treme, being in the shape of a headless and armless man. Several expeditions have been formed to lay the " ghost" out, but on each occasion it has been absent. Probably it was creating a scare in another part of the district.—We are extremely sorry to have to record the death of Mrs. F. Hinnett, of Bungulla, which sad event took place on Friday morning last. The primary cause of death was an attack of measles, which turned to congestion of the lungs. It is doubly sad because of the 10 poor motherless little ones left behind, the youngest of whom is only four months old. —Local paper. Aboriginal Boy and Girl.—Lady Lam ington, when she leaves Queensland, will take to England an aboriginal boy and girl. The latter, Alreena, was born at Binambi (the native name of Durnndur) seven years ago. Her mother was Ualmi, de scribed by Mr. Meston as one of the finest aboriginal women, physically and mentally* that he has ever seen. Ualmi died at Fraser's Island a few months ago. Lest Alreena should feel lonely in her new home, Lady Lamington has arranged also . to take an aboriginal boy about 12 years of age, so that when the dusky maiden reaches marriageable age she may be provided with a husband of her own race. These will be, it is stated, the first aboriginals taken to • England by an Australian Governor. The girl was specially selected by Mr. Meston from his Fraser's Island settlement. A boy has not yet been chosen, but it is ex pected that Lady Lamington will be offered an opportnnity of doing 60. " I Have Tried and Failed."—The Sydney Coroner entered a finding of suicide on Thursday at the inquiry touching the. death of Thos. Augustus Newton, who shot himself in the head with a revover in Moore Park on Wednesday night. De- ceased was about 40 years of age, an iron- monger, and had been looking for work for some time, but failed to secure employment. This fact, with declining health, preyed upon him, and rendered him dejected. He left two letters, one addressed to a friend, and the other to his widow. In the latter he said, " I bid you good-bye, as I know I am no more use to you. I have blown out my brains; God knows you have had enough trouble with me, as I cannot earn my living. To help yon also I have taken this course; I have tried and tried; if I had been guided by you I should have suc- ceeded better. Good-bye, may God Al- mighty be a friend to you and help you. I have tried and failed." Mrs. Dr. Lloyd.—Since the appearance of Mrs. Dr. Lloyd, the well-known ladies' specialist, before the public, scores of muBh room quack imitators have appeared to try and "cut into" her practice.In face of this, however, Dr. Lloyd's widow has bravely stood her ground, and without one - blemish on a long record stands- to-day in the first rank of female medical specialists. Few doc-tors can boast of the practice this lady enjoys, though, no doubt, many have a more remunerative and less responsible one. Conspiring to Defraud.—At the Cen tral Criminal Court, Old Bailey, yesterday, the trial of four persons on a charge of con spiracy to defraud the public in connection with the West Australian Gold District Trading Syndicate, Limited, and the West Australian Gold District Trading Corpora tion, Limited, was concluded. Sir Edward Lee, wine merchant, and Hugh Bernard* secretary, were acquitted. The jury, how j ever, condemned the " gross neglect" on the part of Lee in connection with his directorship. Louis Henry Goodman, den tist, who the previous day pleaded guilty to several counts of the indictment, was sentenced to 18 months' imprisonment; and Herbert James Squier, who had also pleaded guilty to conspiracy, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment. Proposed Provisional School.—De partment of Public Instruction, Sydney, 20th April, 1899. Sir,—I am directed to acquaint you that your letter, dated 17th instant, upon the subject mentioned below* is under consideration, and that a further communication respecting it will be ad dressed to you as soon as a decision in the matter has been arrived at.—I have the honour to be, sir, your most obedient ser vant, J. Gibson, for Tinder Secretary. C. Wilson, Esq., M.P. Subject: Forwarding a communication from Mrs. Ellen Grills, Rocky Abbey, via Armidale, enclosing a lease of the building proposed to be need for the Provisional School at Sock Abbey. "Padlocked her to the Bed."—At the Richmond (Vic.) Police Court the other day William Dwight was charged by his mother with assault. Prosecutrix told the bench that accused came home on the evening of the 11th instant, and while she was in bed, put a chain round her legs and padlocked her to the bed. Defendant swore that he had found it necessary to put some restraint on his mother, as she frequently left the honse and got drunk. It was for her own good that he had chained her up. John Dwight, brother of accused, said his mother was the worst woman in Melbourne. The bench con sidered the case proved, and imposed a fine of £5, or one month's imprisonment in de- .. fault. One month was allowed in which to pay. Hillgrove Crushings.—Sunlight G.M. Co., N.L.: The battery has crushed 310 tons this fortnight for a yield of 199oz. smelted gold.—Local paper. Approved Road Grant.—Department of Public Works, Sydney, 19th April, 1899 Date of letter under reply: 25th Febraaiy last, forwarding petition from Messrs. H. Peberdy, A. Magnire, G. Campion, and other residents of Donald and locality. Subject: Urging that a grant be made for effecting improvements on the road from the Armidale- Kangaroo Hills road, at the finger post, to Donald. Reply : Inquiry has been made into this matter, and in view of the report furnished the Minister has approved of the sum of £61 being granted for expenditure.—Robert Hick son, Under Secretary and Commissioner for Roads. C. Wilson, Esq., M.P. Assault.—At the Armidale Police Court, on Friday, H. C. Shaw complained against G. K. Hosmer for assaulting him. Mr. Kearney for plaintiff and Mr. Weaver for defendant. The evidence of Mr. Shaw went to show that on the previous Satur- day morning he was crossing the back yard of his residence when he heard Hosmer calling out "Shaw." This, wit- ness considered, was insolence on the part of a man in defendant's position, and he asked, "who are you calling Shaw?" Mr. Hosmer then made a reference to the Chronicle which witness did not catch, and struck him in the mouth with his fist, following up with both fists. Witness en- deavoured to defend himself, but owing to rheumatics in his shoulders and hands was unable to do so, and he took to his heels as rapidly as he could. Defendant fol- lowed and caught him by the pyjama jacket, which was torn, whereupon witness called upon his wife to bring along the re- volver, fearing a continuation of the assault. Hosmer then left. Owing to the knocking about which Shaw received, three of his teeth were loosened. In cross-examination wit- ness said he did not threaten to "brick" the defendant. Neither did he remember hearing his wife say to Mr. Hosmer, "Oh, let him go, he'll never do it again." Other witnesses called were Senior-sergt. Evans, who-deposed that on the Saturday morn- ing he saw Mr. Shaw, whose lip was en- larged and bleeding, and Dr. Moir, who informed the court that on examining the plaintiff he found an abrasion of the up- per lip on the right side, and a cut under the lip which was slightly festered. For the defence, Mr. Hosmer said that he saw plaintiff on Saturday, 15th April, and called after him. He said, "who are you calling Shaw?" to which witness replied, "I'll call yon what I like, you dog," and added that he ought to be afraid to cross the road after such an article being pub- lished in the paper, named. Witness walked up to him, and then plaintiff said, "If there's going to be anything like this I'll brick you," at the same time stooping down to a heap of broken bricks. Witness acknowledged striking plaintiff twice on the face. Plaintiff ran, and Mrs. Shaw inter- ceded in his behalf by saying, "Oh, please Mr. Hosmer don't hit him, he'll never do it again." Mr. Weaver: And you, with your usual gallantry, desisted. Witness: Well, I left. Cross-examined by Mr. Kearney, witness said he was incensed at the paragraph which appeared in the news- paper. Alice Oliver (who administered the horsewhipping to the offending editor) deposed to hearing plaintiff say to de- fendant, "If you speak to me like that I'll brick you!" She also saw plaintiff running and defendant after him. The former also said it was a pity he had not his revolver; if he had he would put a bullet through him. A fine of 40s. was imposed, with 10s. 6d. for Dr. Moir, and 7s. 8d. court fees. No lawyer's fee was allowed. The Robbery at Mr. Kelk's.—This matter was further investigated at Mon- day's sitting of the Armidale Police Court, when a man named John Wilson was charged with breaking, entering, and steal- ing. The P.M. presided. Constable Somer ville deposed that at 4 a.m. on the 4th inst., whilst going his usual rounds, he tried the door of Mr. Kelk's shop, and found it was unfastened. Upon examining the premises he found an empty tobacco tin, and one tin half fall of tobacco, on the floor behind the counter. He also noticed that the fastening of the till had been broken off, and the till was on the floor. Proceeding to the drapery counter he found the clothing on the shelves disarranged, and there was a small American axe on the floor. Entrance to the store had been ef- fected at the rear of the shop, screws in the galvanised iron having been loosened and tearing one of the sheets across and bend- ing it back. On the 15th inst. witness saw accused baying a candle in a shop in Beardy-street. On the morning of the 16th inst. witness found under a house in Marsh-street one bag containing a macin- tosh coat, a couple of tweed suits, one pair of trousers, three shirts, two pairs of un- der-pants, and a small American axe. He also found a candle under the bag. The candle was wrapped in a piece of a Sydney newspaper. Charles Herbert Brown, in the employ of Mr. Kelk, stated that on the morning of the 12th inst., upon going to the shop, he found that a quantity of to- bacco and an axe had been taken. There was about 401b. of tobacco missing. Mr. Kelk's evidence went to show that upon examining his stock on the morning of the 12th inst., he found that a quantity of to- bacco and men's clothing was missing. He identified the articles of clothing produced as his property. The marks on them were his own figuring. The value of all the lost property was £15. W. H. Digance swore that on the night of the 15th inst. a man pnrchased a candle at his shop. He ■could not, however, recognise the accused as the man. The candle was wrapped, he believed, in a piece of a Sydney newspaper, and on the Sunday morning following he handed the other portion of the paper to Constable Somerville. H. S. M'Namara, -residing with his mother at the Australian Hotel, said he knew the accused before the court. He saw him on the 15th inst. at 11 p.m. He was on the front verandah, when -accused said, " Did yon read abont Kelk's -.robbery ?" Witness replied " No," bnt that he. had heard of it. Wilson asked if wit ness would buy tobacco cheap—2s. per lb.— .-and say nothing abont it. Witness replied in the affirmative, and that he would take 401bs. Wilson asked for " half an honr's grace," and he would he back with the to cbacco. In his absence, Constable Thomas appeared on the scene, and witness in formed him of what had transpired. When accused returned he bronght three tine of tobacco with him. Said he had no more, •bnt that he had a quantity of men's cloth ing, which he named. Constable Thomas then took np the running and landed Wil son in the lock-up. Wilson, who had no thing to say, was committed for trial ,at Armidale on 8th June next. ■Pabliamentaby,—The Legislative Coun cil on Thursday night passed the Concilia tion and Arbitration Bill through all its stages with amendments.—The Assembly received the Federal Enabling Bill from the Gftgncil. The limit time for the Re -ferencam was agreed to.—A long discus sion on Mr. Copeland's Sunday Trading Bill took place. An amendment "was moved leaving ont hotels in Snnday trading, and making it apply to co-operative stores and clnbB. This was carried by the casting vote of the chairman. As Mr. Copeland declined to bring in such a bill no farther steps were taken.—The amendments to the Arbitration Bill by the Council were agreed to.—The Premier then moved the adjourn ment of the Houbc, and said this was the last meeting of the House. Parliament could not re- assemble before June or the beginning of July, as it would be impos sible to carry on ordinary legislation whilst the Referendum was pending. He also assured the House that the state of the finances was satisfactory. The House adjourned at 2.40 on Friday morning. 