FI.IDA , SEP1'EJIBEI 21, 18U9. THE hig Blitish Australia's m,,ther requires the esponse help -f her children;. -and young Australia has responded gallantlyto the 'call,i isof course 'all the world knew she would, as soon'a she was wanted. ; Is thie blood of those fine old pioneers to count for nought, to be lost in a single gener ation ?. As they fought the forest and built' princely palaces where before the kangaroo bouinded across the lush gr.ss of the wilderness, and the mnag, ie held high, revelry 'with his tunueful in?itis, so now their sturdy sdns are:" "ready; aye ready" to don the accoutrements of grim war, and fight' for".lie honoir 'nd glory of the grand old flag that: has oft been upheld by"-Britain's children among thebpomp and circumstance of war. 'Tis a gallant thing, we take it,'that we rear no cowards here-every.man a warrior, eager to taste the spice if -the battle field, and'prove himself minre or less a a hero.' ,Daily we hear of young fellows eargerly volunteering for what might in all, probability. prove.a. cruel death, for -what will: decidedly prove as cam paign' of toil, hardship and probable illness.' Bt' it is for E;iBlnd!i for. England!i aid' wh dare assert '.that-: that. appeal, has' ever been disregarded? We enow know- tlhat the eager, young, budding niation's ieart I.eating in thesu seas if: the south-ifi but a part of that great British: heart,- at home that has throbbedthlirough ages of danger and deatl, and though we live far over th ir'sea w-e willlift.?u;ir rfive starred flag, and with the best offthem shout--=. Long live.: the- Queen."-' As to the advisability of sen ling. our.troops to the Transvaal much :has.been said for and against,- but why not? We. are; English, -ind England's lower' i', at stake.': Surely that is sufficient!: ?- And why not' llow our-soldiers ,to'smell,,the gun-powder sm-:ke ? Must ,tliey ever be pariade-toys such as Iago's soldier:-" That never set a squadron in 'th field, Nor the'division of a battle knows More than a spinster; unless the bookish S- theoric, Whierein the toged consuls can propose. - As masterly as he: mere prattle, without practice, Is all his aoldiership.. SThen:go to, thite war, gallant' Aus-. traliane,-annd, if: youe see a ,-.chance, of showing our: southern. flag .among. the smoke in the front, then do' it, as. you own the' blood of your fathers who fought the grarid old wars ,Ahd when all is over, and Englaid once agatn proclaims her supremacy, then it' will be' said, and said proudlyi that' Australians have proved' themselves 'good' mien `sand , brave-ever. ready to resent any affront to the :bit', of, bunting that brieo s tears t :th'e eye~sodf every true Brjtish?er.i SECRETARY, :Councillor "AWod? Fred .Woods l deserves :of Praise. -more than a word 'of praise for his hard- won battle ii connection with the local Dog ~and Poultry Society. It, is asserted .that- rats desert a sinking ship,"'and if ever there-. was- an pparent lost veasel this society was one -ere the 'geii?:Fred, like the' gallant skipper of. penny story fame, announced his intention of sinking or floating with the ship. But she did not sink, and her chief' has succeeded in piloting her -into quieter waters, where her future safety appears assured. 'Tis no mean thing for a hard-worked business man like our popular councillor, this con summation that he has so well brought about. Ruined and bankrupt, deserted by necessary officials, and a mark for derision, to the man in the street, as the society once undoubtedly was, Secretary Woods came forward, grappled with the knotty problem of how to fan to life a dying breath, and -right 'gallantly averted "chaos. We think that more than the due meed of praise should be accorded the energetic secretary, and that in the future more 'material thanks should decidedly be voted, in the-guise of a plump salary, which if refused by Mr Woods, should be granted to his son. 'It is scarce to be expected -that a man .with the business scope that Mr Wofds has shouild devote - the time that the onerous duties of his present position demands. S CAPTAIN DREYFUS The ? riright: has been 'pardoned." of rrye. After dragging down the .white marble stabe and be-smudging, it with tilthy, vandals' hands, it has been re-pedes taled, but the horrible stain is still there, and Captain Dreyfus, in the eyes of a God-fearing world, is yet as much a criminal .as- that fearful time when his comrades stripped from hir his honorable accoutreiments. Baut slight satisfaction heve,'surely l France [rew fearful at the menaces of an jdlightened yvorld, bhamad the not far -iatat sound of . setiiu ? aons, and partially unravelled her skein of villainy; but many knots remain, and the aged wreck of a once true patriot -and ajFrench'soldier is the greatest. She can never iheal that wound-never eradicate that blotiupon her befouled escutcheon. JShe could effect much to ward it. Slhe ciould drag :scheming villains from their vile haunts of con spiracy and force them at the cannon's inouth to reveal thetrutitheir cursei hearts are foreign to- she could blazon forth to a righteously indignant world :- iratwful ?iiistake; she-could- redeive' again to her arms hei own sad work the shadow of a brave soldier,.and then. cut 'the lying hearts' from the pulsing bodies of- herr unfaithfnl,ones. That would he justice ,not this fearful horror' that.Tfor nearly five years jtasidaily filled (lhe world's press columns with revelations that has oft brought tears to,. the;eyes of every man and woman that helieves upon a. God in Heaveni. iAud then, mayhap, Francewould regain some of her. lost prestige, and assert her right among Christian nations. -At the present time 'she is on the brink of a cataclysm, the which shall not be avoided even by this frightened mockery of a pardon ihe -has'vouchsafed to her long-suffering patriot. . Last Friday the police laid a charge of Sunday-trading and. open .bar door- against ,W. A.:Grant, liceiisee of 'the Mhdring Star "Hotel. ,The Bench" consisted of Messrs. Neale, Pearson; Campbell and Knight, T's.P. Mr. R.' L .Fedden' appeared, for thedefen: dant, and Sub-Inspector McGan; n prosecuted on lieiif 'of the'police.- Somb sverycointrs. fdictery:'eidence~followed,.thc police /assert iig'positirely that they saw, a nian .att tthe side barwith a glais of'beer in his hind,: the" licenseesand his witnesses adsertiuj just' as prsitively that from the spot the- constables mentioned it was impossible to see the side bar at all. The pohice accused the licensee of resisting them, and the licensee preferred. a counter charge of violent assault. ' Alith get-her lhe testsinony was so conflicting -that the Bench found themselves uuable to agree, and tme'cases were adjourned indefinitely to adimit of the attendance at the court oft a police magistrate. :-: : Last Tuesday morning, during the digging operations at the Old Cemetery, there was fouid buried i-with ,one.. of the - corpses- presumably an old time convict-an incom plete set of leg-irons, cated and fisked with rust. To a leg- sliackle, hound - with leather to prevent chafing, is afflied ,a? body-.chain, the second shackle being missing:- The whole weighed about 24 pounds. If ghosts really haunt the dreams of ,those who did them wrong, as the penny dreadfuls tell us; then surely the spirit of this poor wretch should continually disturb the slumbers of the greater wretches who buried his body so aitgracefully. In another coffin was found' a clay-pipe still containgin tobacco. - Upto date nearly 480 bodies have'been exhumed. Later in: the week a' second ..body was found with ad se-iof ash acklcs which whien: inew must'hvsB ieighlid' i pounds. - iThe fourth ainual meeting of the Wil liamstown "and. District Cricket Club wias held last Wednesday evening in the local exchange, Mr R. Bain in the chair. The report and balance sheet were- received and adopted. The liabilities were 'shown at £7. The selection 'of office-bearers were us folloi :-President, Cr. :'J. Hall; Secritary. Mr D. Bailey:; assistan~t aecietary' Mr "F. Ogde ; General Committee, captain, vice captain, Messrs J. Kennison, J. Suiter, W. Smith, J. Gunn. and J. Guthrie'; Match Committee, captain, vice-captain; ahd Mr J. Guinn (non-player); Association Delegate, F. Woods (junr). The rate of subscription was fixed at 2s 6d per annum, and it was proved that next year's team would be far superior.to those of the" past. Votes of thanks 'to retiring officials, etc.; concluded the, meeting. :, -:The council are generally agreeable to the local Bicycle Club's request for- an asphalt track in the Gardens Reservse, inasmuch that a special 'committee has been -forined to nmanage the'affiir; the club'?, 6ffer of £50 having;: been :consideied:: reasonable...Cr:. 'Booker. objected, stating that the cost will be fouind to be all oft150. We'have received the second number' of the':'oiintoiurealrh. This periodical is des cribed'as a review of politics, science, litera-: ture tond art-, andthe contents go far to justify the claim. 'An interesting article "The Character of the -Melbouriin Press," is one of'the leading features of the current number. ' Last Monday the local councillors turned up in-full force.'inasm'uch that a full'council table transacted the businessi ofthe meetihng Cr. Bevis was warmly welcomed back to health aid municipal quarrelling,;-and -,Cr. Hall was initiated into!the mysteries of successfully combatiig Cr. Hick. SLit Monday .mornng a man named 'Howarth, was -brought.up before the local 'Bench 'for. being- drunk on the" previods Saturday night. He had been arrested, by. Constable 'M'Aulliffe and lodged'in' the watch'house over the Sabbath.- Taking'this fact -into coiisideration the Bensh rdis charged him.. St. Joseph's cricket club misicale in St. Mary's Hall, Cecil Street. has been post-. poried a week to Tuesday, 3rd October, so as to avoid clashing with, thtie oncert;'next' Tuesday night in the Mechanics' Institite., A- coinmittee consisting of Crs. Peel1 Cullen, Boltond and -Woods have-been .ap pointed' to deil with the matter -of the I Hudsoc's Road obstruction, but it is evident tliat all the fire has gone out of the subject, and as the youngsters would -put it- what was thought to be a nice, fat, deadly cracker: will prove nothing but a "fiz gig." , \- Residents ofithe town and district will sincerely;regret to learn thiat the' Rev..John Clark, for many yiirs' t"e' pastor of the South :Presbyterian Chnurch: issl6wly buit surely sinking, and little hdpe is entertained of his recoveryto health. This will be bad news to his-mgny friends, as 'thberov?rend I'eiitlemen has ever been universally respected fdr. his 'thoidugh: christian life and kind -disposition to old and young alike. '. Lit?t Mondaythlibadjourned meeting, 'on. sequent upon the death of the late'Cr. •Hoskings, was first proceeded with, which 'imidered business exceptionally lengthy, the correspondence list occupying the greater part of the afterpoon. Last Tuesday's Bench reminded, a certain hotel licensee that if he makeit a practice of boarding ships in 'port and invmting Siailors to his hotel he must anticipate'a disorderly drunk now and again. We do not consider ihae Bench sufficieqtlyideclamatory upon this practice that enables a publican to canvass for the few shillings these poor wretches work hard for, and then after all has been expended in beer, he and his fellow pablicans to drag the mindless sot to court for riotous behaviour is a palpable injustice. The local usual monthly meeting of the Williamstowo Ladies' Benevolent Society was held on Tuesday, Sept. 12th. It was reported that 21 females bad received relief during themonth. Donations-Mrs. Woods 10s 6d, Mrs. Brooks 10s 6d, Mrs. Graham S6lid, Captain Ogilvie £1 Is, Mrs Ogilvie £1 is, Melbourne Steamship Company, per Mr. D. Y. Syme, £2 Ss. We would direct the attention of church going readers to the series of addresses now in progress at the Congregational Church by the Rev. E. HIandel-Jones, on the "Prodigal Son." To young men especially the preacher has something good to say, and should be gratified with increased attendance. Messrs. John Cooke and Co. recently wrote to the Council directing attention to the very bad condition of the road passing through their property-the Newport Freez ing Works, and connecting Chamnpion and Kororoit Oreek Roads, and asking that it be repaired. -The matter was referred to ward members and surveyor, but we would advise the Council to do their utmost to respond to such appeals, as such industries, if en couraged even in small directions, will do much toward supporting the town in general' Speight street is to be channeled, the owners to be served with the usual notices, afterwards half of the cost to be remitted to them, the Council hasiing agreed to share the expense. " An old identity is to be demolished in the shape of the ancient stone edifice at the corner of Ferguson street arid Nelson Place. Thea t pr owner is negotiating with the localcouncil for the' purchase of the stone, and in a few days this bit of early Williams town will succumb to the march of insatiable Progress. Dr. Gray has reported to the Health' Department, and they to our Town Clerk, that the premises occupied by the rangdr. at the local butts are totally unfit for hubsan habitation, and have unhesitatingly been' condemned. T'he whole place is dilapidated, and a new and more up-to-date establish ment would be welcome. Wc have received this week's .1lelbh urni Punch, which in reading and illustrations is thoroughly np-to-date, and well worth \-- ' - -i - The Rev. E. Handel Jones preached a fine sermon last Sabbath morning, in the Con gregationial Church, on the Dreyfus iniquity, being exceptionally eloquent in his address. There was a large attendance,the which the rev. gentleman assures us is steadily in creasing from Sabbath to Sabbath, a number? of strangers recently attending. A fall re-: port of the sermon will be found in another-l column. : Last Friday morning the Vhite'Star Liner Medic entered H.bson's., Bay.. ..Sheais-.the. liargest vessel that has entered our.bay, and is one of five, twin screwi .steaniers designed to rtui between Aust'ralia"iand England via Cape Tdwn. --The total-,leugth of't"'Medic'i 550-feet; with "63 feet beam and 44.feet.'writer depth. Her passenger acconmudation is 18,797, and she is under the "Icommand of Captain Thornton. Only third classpassengers are carried, and the passage money is as low ans £13 13s." The cateringis excellent, , and tlmo Whole immense: vessel thoruiighly replete with the mdst mnodern conveniences." " *M. J. Ward and Co. advertise in another column rspecial, display., of spring goods, .comprising New Millinery, Dress Goods, Blouses, Ribbons, Gloves, -Hats, etc. The ladies would find it worth their while to pay a visit to Manchester House and inspect the goods. themselves, for " the proof of the pudding is in the eating." At last Monday's council meeting'sa conm mittee was appointed to interview the Rail ways Commissioner anent the new steamboat. service, at'present beingllonducted by the veteran "oGem." Cr. Culled, in reference to the proposal to providea boat of the Balmain pleasure type; suggested that such would be unfavorable to the wind and weather often experienced in this perilous passage, a belief: `that was.·lnhesitatin&ly; endorsed byex-pilot George Bevis. Cr. Styles. considered that. allithe benefit that would accrue to the, lRailway;. Department' froni the proposed new service si?fild be' the saving'of £80Q per, annum on they present contract-l-£1,950 as at .present £2,70. :Couicillors (were.,r : minded that unless a half-hourly:'service' could be provided' theo present vessel' ws 'quite suitable for all requirements.' In the course of his remarks ,Cr. Styles informed the'coitncil that the "'Gem'" had paid for herself thirty times over, £50,000 in subsidies havinig been paid to her owners. For the convemenics of the public an automatic slot telephone, has been fixed at W. B. Bates' bakery, Douglas Parade. B3y. putting slxpence in the slot subscribers may, be rung up. but if the line be engaged the imachine returns the money. . During the illness of Dr. Gresswell, the chairmanof the Board of Health, Mr. J. Style's,' ML.LA.; filled the position as vice chairman, whichentailed a vast amount of work. 'At the boairdmseeting last Wednesday it was unanilously'"lecided, on the motion of Mr. Forbes, seconded by Mr. Shoppee, to request the Minister of Health to grant Mr. Stylesan honorarium in recognition of his services. The annual meeting of the Williariisto\ n Dog and Poultry Show was held' last Wednesday evening in the Exchange,. Williamstown.: Mr. W. H. Treganowan, piesidenti 'occupied the chairI . The balance sheet. for the year was read and adopted. I . showed a, surplus-taking into. con sideration plant, ete.-of.about £53.' Mr. Treganowan' was' reappointed president. Messrs. Hearn. and Grant vice- presidents, Mr. F. Woods secretary, and -Mr. 'Woods jun., assistant secretary, and Mr. Thoirley treasurer. '-Two of the standing rules were altered, and several new members elected.: The society was considered to be in a flourishing state. For further particulars see advertised balance-sheet, etc., and comn. ments in our. leading columns. Attending the local Cricket Club meeting the other night was Mr H. Douglas, vice president. For forty-five years Mr=Douglas has been associated with the game in the district, he in conjunction with the late Sir George Vernon. M.L.C., and others haviiig brought into existence our local club. The Australian Compressed Fodder Co., whose works are situated -in the towin,, has 'secgred. the contract from . the Imperial Government to supply the troops in the forth. coming war with compressed'fodder for the horses and mules. This will.'mean. an im mense increase in the making staff, and the company are working extensive preparatiohs to meet the enormous demand. . 'We hope.to present fuller particulars in our next issue. In view of thlie approaching war weiouild 'advise those of our readers whs ' ared eiwners of horses' and cattle to layin a stock if ~haff. bran, etc., since extensive exportation will :b'e uro to create a-big rise in prices.' A meeting of the W.C,T.U. was held at the. Wesleyan Parsonage last. Wednesday afternoon. There was a good attendance of members present. Miss Hopkins gave a Bible reading on " Uifailing Love" which was listened to with marked attention. It was proposed to hold another silver ;medal contest abodit the middle of November, com petitors to obtain all information from the president.' Miss Hopkins and Miss Symoas were unanimously elected delegates to the annual convention ;to be: f?eld at Bendigo early in November. 'Mrs. Press asked -the earnest co-operation of the ladies'present, also their gentlemen friends, to join a monster.deputation which is being arranged to the Premier on the. Womanhood-Suffrage question. Thie loial treasurer would be glad to receive all.iriember's subsriptioiis soon, asthe cointention returns cannot be'made until they: were in. "Morga' i Gan ii and Cd: annoauce in our ad : vertising columns an imiportant andtioq sale. on 4th October, the premises of the late Mrs. Mary Reed :Fergusont Steet:. , ' ;" \- CLARK S WORLDFAM ED BLOOD MLXTURE is a guarateedd cure forall blood'and skin diseases. It-is the most searching blood cleanser ever discovered, a?d it will free'the system fromin all impurities' fron whatever cause arising.. As it is pleaiant to the'taste, and warranted free fioin anything injuriotias to the mioal delicate constitution of either iex, tihe prioprietdrs solicit sufferbrs to" give it 'a trial to test its ::value. Of chemists everywhere, at 2s 9d per-bottle. Beware of imitations... :.An elderly minan, a resident of Richmond, a laborer at the Niiwport Workshops, wisslast: Tuesday evening severely injured,sustaining fracture of the base of thd skull, and con cussion.': Dr. H. R. McLeai 'attended the sufferer at Newport, he being then conveyed to his home. He is -reported :progressing favorably. 