' Farewell to' Privates O. Bidstrup and W. seymour. Privates C. Bidstrup and \V. Seymour having been selected by the authorities to proceed to the Transvaal, a farewell dinner was hurriedly arranged on Saturday night last, and took place in the lodge room, Bro3dford hotel, and though the notice was very short, a large and representative gathering assembled to do honor to our young and popular soldiers. Had there been a little time to arrange details we fully believe a very large assemblage would have gathered, but the whole proceedings were charac terized by great enthusiasm and much patriotic fervour. Captain Lloyd occupied the chair, having on his right and left the guests of the evening. The toast of " l'he Queen " was given by the chairman. Song, "Nancy Lee," Mr. Harris; song, "Father O'Flynn," Mr. W. Franklin. The chairman then proposed the health of "The Guests." He remarked that they were sterling young fellows, and many would envy them in their position in going away to fight the Boers. As an old riflemen he felt proud of them for volunteering on behalf of Australia to fight for the Queen. It was said that Australia had no history, but he ventured t to say that after the stirring events of the past few weeks and the sending of Australian troops to the war, Australia would soon have some excellent history. All the people of Broadford were proud of their guests, and this part of the colony would take all the more interest in the war because of the representatives who t were going. Their guests, be felt sure, would carry with them the prayers and fervent wishes for surcess of all the people of the district. The fact of so many volunteering proved that they were all loyal subjects and were prepared to Ifight for the Old Land when she was in trouble. If their gttgets were spared to come back they would be met by a much larger gathering and their recep tion would be a very hearty and enthusiastic one. Hie asked all to drink the health and wish success to their I guests, Privates Bidstrup and Seymour (ringing cheers). The toast was drunk with musical honors. Song, "Romany .ass," Mr. G. Sheppard Private C. Bidstrup and W. Seymour on rising received quite an ovation, the I former said that they never expected to f be shown this kindness, and he hardly knew how to express his thanks for the warm reception of the toast. It had been suggested that he should make up a speech, but he had not as that was not s in his line. When they got to the STransvaal they would try very hard and make history, and help to wipe out the Boer language. He believed that the mounted rifles and other forces that had been picked to go would hold their own with others. Being a farmer he had not had much time to drill, as where there were cows they were generally the bosses and demanded attention. He had got away for as many drills as possible, and had attended every ca -p I since he had been in the rifles, where he learnt more in one camp than in aI months drill. lie thanked them for their kindness. (Chieeis.) Private Seymour said he could endorse what Private Bidstrup had stated. It was very thoughtful of the people of Broad ford to take the trouble to entertain them. He was very pleased to be making. Ilhe hoped that the troops would make a name for Australia, and he believed they would do their best to do so. He again thanked them. Boath men received ringing cheers on resuming their seats. Song, " Australia's Flag," Mr. M. E. Trezise. Cr. Ik. N. Corney proposed success to "The British arms." He believed they all wished the utmost success to their arms in the present war. They were also very proud to have some representatives going from their own districts. He did not think two better men could be picked than their guests. They were both good fellows who had taken great interest in soldiering, and he felt they would give a good account of I themselves. This trouble had caused a good deal of discussion, but when they saw all parties united in England in saying that the war was a just one they could rely on it that there was good cause for British interference. The I whole nation seemed to be in a fervent of enthusiasm over the matter. The British nation had put up with more than any other nation would have done, and up to the last desired a peaceable settlement, but were met by obstinacy. t The war would result in liberty. In this I land they all enjoyed liberty. They did not know what a hateful thing it was t:o Ibe under the yoke of the foreigner. This war was for liberty and was therefore just. He trusted the toast would be drunk with enthusiasm, which was done to the strains of " Rule Britannia.' Song, " The British Lion," Mr. W. F. Harris Cr. Fenton proposed " The Agricul tural Interests." In doing so he said that it must be pleasing to farmers to know that the two soldiers who were going away belonged to that class, and Private A. Smith, also a farmer, would have gone could the Seargeant-Major have found him after the first examina tion was over, as he was then required to go. The district should feel proud that out 'of three men examined, all three would have been taken only that Private Smith thought he had been fintally rejected for having a few missing teeth. The Victorian farmer was going to fight the Boer farmer, and he believed the Victorian would be quite good enough. They were all thankhfl for the splendid downpour of rain and he hoped it was general. Song, "Trafalgar Bay," Mr. A. Dawborn. Mr. D. McRae responded, and also Mr. C. Zwar, the latter stating that he was pleased to see his nephew had been successful in winning a place in the contingent, and also Mr. W. Seymour, both being good men. The farmers lately had been looking towards the clouds, and he thought with the fine rain that they had had the prospects of a good season were pretty well assured. Song, " lThe Irish Jubilee," IMr. D. McRae; recitation. " Dandy Jack" (an excellent military piece), Cr. R. Corney. Mr. J. Pemberton proposed "Town and Trade." lie had pleasure in pro posing the toast though he did not do any great trade and had no great interests at stake. He believed the tradesmen were doing well and Ire hoped so. He was very much interested in thecause which called forth some of our brothers to assist the grand old Empire of which we form a part. It was not so much that England aneeded help at raset t, but the action of the volunteers, and the Government only went to show that when the real necessity arose there would be many who would he proud and happy to render assistance. He be lieved that the young men about to go to the Transvaal would prove themselves to be worthy sons of worthy sires. It was amusing to see how other nations were picking at Great Britain. The French were very hostile, and Germany was displaying some little feeling. There were always those who wished to have a peg at Great Britain when she had something else on hand. However, they would find that if they availed themselves of this opportunity it would also be our opportunity, and whenever it came he was not afraid, for the Briton would always come out on top. He would sooner cease to exist than live under a foreign yoke If he were com pelled to give up the ghost he would bring a good few more ghosts with him. He hoped their comrades would come back safe and sound. He then sub mitted the toast. Song, " The !Iarct of the Cameron Men," Mr. C. Zwar. AMr. Dawborn replied and said he was pleased to be present to do honor to their departing friends who were going to represent them in the Transvaal, and he felt confident they would bear them. selves as became Australians. In replying for the trade of tlroadford he thought this would be the last occasion upon which he would do so, as' he expected to be leaving Broadford at the end of the year. He thanked the com. pany for the hearty reception of the toast. Mr. MA. McLeod said he was not going to talk of trade. As an old mounted rifleman lihe was glad to see their two young comrades had been picked to go to the war. The authorities could not have picked two better men. He was disappointed that the Govern ment had to call on the BRingers at all. The Mounted Rifles should have supplied the lot. He hoped to see them come back with all the honor and glory that could be placed on them. The Rlev. A. R. Campbell proposed the toast of " The I.adies." He said he was sure the ladies of the district would compare favorably with any part of the colony. As a bachelor he felt lie was one who could appreciate the many kindly acts of the ladies, and he felt certain the whole company also appreciated their many kindnesses. -He took considerabl. interest in the depar ture of their two guests. Mr. Bidstrup he knew more intimately than Mr. Seymour, and he thought him to be jiust the man for a soldier. lie believed they both had hearts like a lion, arrd he trusted that for their valor they would be able to come back wearing the Victoria cross. Recitation, " Cornelius McZimmer man," Mr. R. Smith. Mr. B. E. Trezise responded for the ladies. He did not know wiry he should be selected by the chairman to respond However, he was sure the ladies would be pleased to hear of the hearty roeeption of the toast. I-e wished the two depart. ing riflemen a good time, and would be pleased, as well as the ladies, to welcome them back again. Sung, " A Warrior Bold," Mr. Fenton; song, " Kitty \VWells." Mr. J. Eaton ; song, '" The song that will live for Ever," Mr. M. MlcLeod; song, " Little Bully," Captain C. E. Lloyd. Mr. M. McLeod prooosed the toast of the "B comranr." He was nleased tnat so many e the company were going. They certainly would have no feather bed to lie on in active military service, as the Colonel had said. He coupled with the toast Surgeon Captain Morton and Sergeant-Major Taylor. Song," Drinking," Mr. Harris. Surgeon-Captain Morton thanked the company for the reception of the toast. He was pleased that two of the Broad ford detachment were going. They shtould not forget either the recruits who volunteered. They had no chance through not hating the required drills, but that did not detract them from their offer to go, and they should be honored for it. There were some other good men put out because of a very strict examina tion. They had been very fortunatt in the North-east, as a good number of men had been taken, and it was pleasing to note that Capt. MlcLiesh had been chosen to command. He was a sterling and popular officer. Out of 4 lieutenants required a had been chosen from the " ll" company, Lieuts. Thorn and Roberts. He was sure the officers and men of the " B " company would represent them very efficiently. He hoped the troops would gain some good experience in active service, for that would do them more good than to years drills, and would make them real soldiers. From a health and training point of view, the trip would be very beneficial. There would be some hard ships, but he trusted that both their young soldiers would return sale after having acquitted themselves like soldiers. Sergeant.Major T'aylor said he was extremely proud that the "B" company were taking s5ch an important part in assisting the old land. The mounted rifles were a fine lot of ment, big strong able fellows. He was sorry Private Smith had such bad luck, as it was only defective teeth which caused his rejection, and then he would have been taken could he have found him, as the head quarters staff required him, for with the exception of the trivial fault Private Smith was a fine man and a good soldier. The men who submitted them selres to the examination were all anxioust logo, One fine fellow named Campbell was rejected. He appeared one of the finest men on parade, and was so keen to go that he has resigned from the company and intended to pay his own passage to the Transvaal and supply hIis own horse. The two who were going from Broadford were a good pair, and he wished them good luck and a safe return. Mr. Butcher gave "the Press,"' and said the press was now supplying them with plenty of war news, some true and some not. However, it was a great power and was worthy of respect and support. Mr. Fenton responded. The chairman gave "the Host and Hostess," complimenting them on the nice spread got ready at such short notice. Mlr. P. Bidstrup replied, thanking the proposer and company for their flattering expressions as regards Mrs. Bidstrup and himself. Mlr. A. Dawborn proposed the health of their genial chairman, which was responded to by Captain Lloyd, who said he was awfully sorry that Colonel Price was not in command of the troops. He was a fine officer. If he were ao years younger he would like to be going too, Hands all round and "Auld Lan Syne" concluded an enthusiastic and patriotic gathering. Privates C, lidstrup and \V. Seymoui left on Monday alter many handshakes and good wishes. The train moved off with three ringing cheers for the depart. ing men. 