HER ROYAL HIGHNESS. J3YMHS. C. N. WILLIAMSON, Author of "Lady Mary cf the Dark House," "The tSccrrt of the Pearls," "A Man from the Dark," "The Barnstormers/' &c.; CHAPTER XVII.-BOW THE PRIN CESS FOUND THE SECRET. The Htudy in which Count TJlrich had broken the,cabinet and stolen the plan of the Castle was a quaint roCim, which would (have initcrc^iad am antiquary. It w«ih intiiu oldest part of the Castle, and its eight, sides were formed . alternately of panels made of different rare kinds «f foreign woods {brought home from Palestine by a Crusading D.n'nburg), irnd ridhly framed fa mily portraits. The light came from above, let in by a line of short, high windows of flta'incd glnes, running all along the «des of t'hc room, close to the heavily-beamed ceiling. Two of the framed portraits farm'ad doors, hi visible wilien closed, one of wOik'Ji opened into the "bride's boudoir" (as it !had come to be.called), the Kecond into Hi n't long, durk corridor wihere 1jOI\1 Fulke and Ulrieh of Presinark had met and fought a bloody, nilcnt battle. B0U1 these ancestral pictures were old, and the two others had been older. But an accident liad happened to one of the portraits "which was not »et in a door, during the time of Prince Rupert's father; and as the canvas had been ruined {so Floria had heard the story) the handsome, vain old man had had it replaced with a finely pain ted likeness of himself in Qsurt dress. As Floria entered from her boudoir, she Inerd t*'ifi-j pioUire, and the boVI dark eyes, wlrich Rupeil's had resembled, seemed to meet Imh with a gln.nce of compj-ahen^on. The blood rushed to her cheeks, ms if Rome meaning in that significant, painted nnvile had sent it there. "If Lord Fulke is right," .she thought, "and this romn haw any connection with the secret, it's that pnctr.TiL wlhich can 'tell most about it." So forcibly did this idea strike, her intel ligence that Rhe wondered it had never oc curred to her before. It would have been like Rupert'.s father, if kTic might judge of .what Hupert had told her of him, tr> ap point hia own presentment guardian of the thing he wished to hide, lie had been a man, wo Rupert said, ever ready to appre ciate or «iczo a drama/tic possibility, and this would have been one not to be de spised. There was no way of locking the down of " ' 'n"" "xhey fastened the Princc-ts knew tbnt if her cin3dk,:H light coulrl live in the musty deadness o£ the atmosphere, so could she. OnCy twelve Hteps rfhe oounted, and lilien her foot touched a solid foundation. She let her hand elide from the rusty rail, and holding the candle high, looked around her the quick beating of her heart not yet stilled. . The'chamber in which ehe Btood was round and well-like, as the entrance had been, and of the florae apparent size. A ball man could have laid down ait length, the tips of his toes touching one wall, his head close to I'.lhe otter, there would scarcely liave been an inch or two to spare, "bo Fiona calculated. The stone which formed the walla shone with dampness, and looked old as the Castle and its foundation. But the floor was of wood, clainped acid bolted to the stones, like a balcony overhanging Rome rocky ravine; and the wood appeared oddly white and new. The floor might have been laid for five years, or for five-and twenty, but no move, she thought. And in the middle was a trap-door, 2 ft. square, perhaps, or a little over that, with a great iron liijg, l.vhng in a deep groove that had j been "made to hold it. j IHoria set her candle on the floor, and j went u|)on her knees, drawing herself well ! back against thfe wall, that HTie might lift j the trapdoor without danger nf falling through when it was open. Then she j grasped the ring, and without difficulty j raised the door,-which was hardly an heavy ns she had braced her strength to find it. ! The damp reek of an lined cellar struck her back for an instant; but she hold her breath, and matching up the candle at her side, looked down. One glimpse she had, with the yellow <?leam catching at certain 1 sharp points of light which pricked forth like bayonets here and there below, and ? then she let the tra^-door fall with a loud »lnm that echoed eerily. j "My God, it is the oubliette!" ?he whis- I pered. "It was never closed after all." : For a moment she remained on her knees, her face white and ihorror-striekrin in the gloom. For Mystery and Tragedy seemed to lustle, ghost-like, past her in the gloom. 1 iiin wooden lioor on which she rested, and whi<jh was new oomparcd to its sur roundings, -was no!', as far below the level of j the study as the floor of the srriaJl dining room beneath, with its high, stately ceiling. Hie had come down twelve etejm. and must ihnve gone more tha:i as many agviin to ad vance fto far. -Therefore, this level would be al>out halfway between the dining- room and study. Instead of doing away with the ancient oubliette, in disgust at tlie crimps of his forefatnere, the old Prince had uti lized its existence for liia own purposes. He had wanted a secret hiding-place, and to obtain hia desire he had closed the open ing to the oubliette, arranged a secure footing, and caused a conceaJeu entrance to be made above. All this Fldiia was sure had been done; but Where was the secret which liad necessitated so much trouble? She rose from her knees, the soles of her little feet pricking with a nervous consci ousness of the depth beneath that one tiiin layer of wood. This hidden room had no furniture, but a fjlioJf of oak was fastened to the Atone wall at nearly the height of Fiona's head above the floor, and on the shelf stood a box. There was nothing else, and the 1'nuccBH knew that to this receptacle Ru pert's father must have trusted his precious secret. She took down the box, and, stooping once more to the candle on the floor, brush ed away a thick Layer of clammy dust with a lihn of lace handkerchief. The casket, which might onoe have been a jewel-case, was of ebony, silver- bound. There was no kf.v, but a curious spring, which FJoria'a finger did nr.t find at first. When it was presently discovered, with a woman's deft ness in such matters, the lid gave way, and in growing impatience she pushed it up. A giv)ov<! in the faded red velvet lining show ed tihiit there had once been a tt'ray. But the tray was absent now, and the sole con tents of t.he box were a morocco-bound bock like a. diary, with a blackened, silver padlock, holding a tiny key, and a bundle of letters tied together with a ribbon. Tt wan in Fiona's mind to open the bo^lc without delay and read what had lain hid den for so long, but the horror of the o?ib liette beneath the trap-door lay coldly upon her, and she thought with longing of day light, and the cosy, commonplace modernity of her boudoir. The thin packet of letters she slipped into her bosom, buttoning lic.r gown over them, and the bonk she thrust into her pocket. AH for the box, she would have left it, but suddenly bethinking her self that it might hold some secret recess behind the velvet lining, she snapped the spring shut with a sound like teeth that eiencn, and, setting her candle upon the top, so i«i;l.i*ired to carry lxAh with one hand :i« nh<; helped herself-slowly up the ladder" with tfie other on the rail. Her progress was tedious, for with every step fiV rought her foot in the folds of her dress, \wiirii could not 1)0 held away, and I had to fumble it, out again, sometimes with tearing frills and gathers. Hut at last she was at the top. and breathing a long sigh of intense relief, lialf-lilinded with the sud den light ufter darkness, she tottered dizzily out through the picture frame. "Thank you, dear Gloria, for all the trouble you've taken for my sake," said a laughing voice in her ear, while tllrich of Prc-MTiark .snatched from her hand the ebony box and the candle. 