BROTHERS OF THE OHAIN, PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT DSgr GHEBOSaGKB €3-S8,3CE-S"3Ti73Ea:s '. (Author of "The Angel of the Revolution," "Olga Romanoff," "Outlaws of the Air," "Romance of the Golden Star," "Knight of the White Rose," "Valdar the Oft- Born," &c.;, &o; . COPYRIGHT. " CHAPTER XXli.— (Contiuued). . 'Anil what had It all come to? By some v:i' - !o?'"pus means a perfectly Innocent man huu b-.-n murderously done to death: he him- Kc-lf h:i l been accused of the crime; his name had b'. jn' practically obliterated from .among those rf living men: and here he was, a felon clialr'i.l -to-' another felon, innocent as him self, v, ho held the clue to, at least the, greater, part cf the mystery, anfp who,' like 'himself, > war, travelling in a French convict ship to a hvii on earth, from whose tortures- neither of .born might ever be released. As he often thought a.t'rwards, oniy a strong mind, supported by a good physique, :kept. him from going mad during the last, few days of that agonising voyage. Then, lit tle by little, in spite of all the drawbacks of bad food, bad drink, dirt and disease, and con finement, his companion's reason slowly „ Struggled back to self- consciousness. , They were eleven days out from Toulon then, and had Just cleared the Straits of Bab- el-Mandeb, and were feeling the long, slow swell of the Indian Ocean. They had been brought down from their forty-live minutes' exercise on deck, and the breathing of the fresh air seemed to have completed the cure, 'slnce for the first time his companion looked lum straight In the eyes, and said, first In French, and then In English: "Who are you? What are you doing here ' —and why am I here? You're English, aren't you? You must be." , "Not quite," replied Standlsli, "but you've 'got pretty near to lit. I guess I should be English if I wasn't American." "Ah, yes, American! I have been through America. I went from New York to Albany, ;and to the Niagara Falls, and then I went Tound the Lakes, and from Duluth back to Chicago, and then across the Continent. 1 saw the Yellowstone Park, and .went on up to Salt Lake, and from there to San Francisco, and then to Honolulu, and from. Honolulu to let me see, where was It? Oh, yes, Yokohama, and then down Ithrough the Inland Sea to Shanghai and Hongkong, and from there to Singapore and "Colombo, and then to to where was it?" All this had been said In the voice of a man waking up from a long dream, the dream of a drugged slumber; but It was enough to glve Standlsh the clue which had.so far been miss ing. , ' "When you left Colombo," he said, ns 'quietly and unconcernedly as he could, "you shipped in one of the P. and O. boats for Syd ney, perhaps, didn't you? Australia, I mean? And then perhaps you went on to Melbourne, and from Melbourne you took a Bucknall line boat to Capetown. In short, my friend, yon are Hector de Merdac— the real Marquis do Pontarche, who came home from Capetown In the 'Scandinavian,' and the 'Scandinavian' i -was sunk by " "Mon DIeu! Who are you that you should know all tills?" whispered the FrenchrVn, getting off his wooden pallet and approaching, the one on which Standlsh was lying. "Who' are you? How do you come to know all this? How do you know my name— my real one? How do you know that I am Hector de Mer dac, Marquis de Pontarche?" "Just because I have the worst of reasori3 for knowing that twin brother of yourB who- used to call himself Victor Merrlvale — " , "Ah, yes, my English mother's name. It Is he!" exclaimed de Merdac with a clumsy movement of his shackled hands. "Well, what then? . "Just tell me If you can remember," said Standlsh, "how It was the (Scandinavian went down, and what happened afterwards." . "Ah," said de Merdac. "that Is a great deal to remember. You have no notion how hor rible It all was." "I can give a pretty good guess at that," bald Standlsh, "considering you were the only bne saved, as they say, from the wreck, but It blight be as well If you could tell me what i-eally did happen." "Wreck? Wreck? No, It was no wreck, my I ' " "" ! friend American— whom I have never known before now. No, it was no wreck. It was piracy— plunder, murder — murder of the most awful sort. Yes, was I not" 'there on board her? Was I not— not— what was I? How did 1 come here? And what are you?" 1 And then the drugged -and tortured ! man lapsed, buck again into his Imbecility, leaving Standlsh more tormented 'than' ever and still more determined, whatever happened, to fa thom the mystery that surrounded himself and his fellow-prisoner. More duj'B passed and still de Merdac's mind did not emerge from the mental cloud which had obscured It Just when Standlsh was ex pecting the most important revelation, and so it went on, hour after hour, and day after day,. Standlsh always trying to awaken his companion's reason eo that the chain of events might he completed. But all' 'to no avail. Sometimes a gleam of sense shone out, but bnly to be obscured in this night which had begun when Garderou commenced what he had called his "mental discipline" on board tile "Syblle." And then came the catastrophe which, ter rible and all as It was, Mark Standlsh ever, afterwards confessed to be the crowning mercy of his life. i One day—it was the same day, on which the "Syblle" sighted the "Orient" — Standlsh was lying on his narrow bed frying hard to forget Ills present miseries In sleep, when something struck the ship as a battering-ram might strike a door. "Great Caesar's ghost! If that's not a cy clone, It's like one! Sounds like Kansas! Here, we've got to get out of this somehow. I may be a convict by mistake, but I'm not going to be Jerked Into eternity like this with out a struggle. Here, de Merdac, wake up. As for this door, guess I 'can fix that. Just glva me your chain. That's it. Stand up, new, close to me. Now then swing. That's It. Bring 'em found. Now then, go!" The chains smashed clean through the panel of the door. "Now we've got a hold. Get your hands on there and puil. No, wait fill she rolls and we'll have a better purchase. Now, then, walt-'-steady—pull and pitt every pound you've got on to It. There she goes! Out you come! Oh, you would, would you, Senor? We're hot going to drown In a coffln-shlp like this If we canhelp.it." An he said 'this Standish's fist went straight out iu spite of.the shackles, and caught a scar ed sentry under the jpoint of the Jaw. The man went over like a nine-pin, and Standlsh dragging de Merdac after him, knelt on his chest. "Tell hlro to give you the keys of the hand cuffs or I'll Choke him. and mighty quick. ,tob," , ' The shock had roused de Merdac, into ra tional consciousness again, and he' repeated the Words in French. "Let me get up." gasped the sentry,' "Mon DIeu,. we are all lost — what does It.jnatter? Yiou want no k'eys. The point of the bayonet Will do it. Let me go. son of a pig that 1 was to come here!" , Stiiudlsh whipped the bayonet off the top of his rifle, pitched the rifle over the other side or the deck, and said: "Now, my friend, lie still, or I'll make you lie 'bo that you'll never get up. De Merdac. unlock these things, and hurry up. because the way this blizzard's blowing over us does n't promise much for safety, even with free .men, to say nothing of chained oneB." ' De Merdac obeyed mechanically but Intelli gently, and In a few moments they were both free men. Standish's prompt action had come none too soon. The cyclone was howling and scream ing over the ship and through the rigging. An attempt had been made to turn the "Ven- dome's" head to the wind, but the debilitated engines were not equal to the task. The helm was screwed over, and Blie came up, Btagger- ed In the teeth of the tempest, and then yaw- ad off. After that there was nothing for It but to let her drive, and drive she did. Hour after hour, through the black, storm- swept night, away she went, hogging and. sagging to windward and leeward. Inside the first throe hours all discipline vanished. It was obvious that the ship, as ship, could not possibly weather the storm if It lasted much longer, and so the Captain, after the storm had swept for a couple of hours over Ills decks, and knowing that his engines were utterly impotent to fight with the storm, gave orders that all the prisoners should he re leased. The Idol of his life had been -Napoleon the Great, and In the last few moments of his own life he gave the same order that Napo leon had given by the farmhouse of La Belle Alliance; "Sauve qui peut!" Standish, dragging de Merdac after him, came on the upper deck. Just as the word was passed. "A little Waterloo!" he yelled. "Save your selves again, eh? Now, then, -buck up, de Merdac. We're the first free ones. Every body for himself now. Come along." The old Royalist blood flamed up in de Merdac's bruin, and for the time he was a man and a hero again, us his ancestors had been before him, and l'rom far away beyond them again came , the old savage instinct of self-preservation. The "Vendome" was lying scuppers under in the long, rolling waves, with the pitiless tempest shrieking and screaming over her. Fierce blasts of salt. foam swept incessantly across lier, and her slanting decks were rapidly' becoming a. scene of night-shrouded pandemonium. . "I guess It's everybody for himself now," said Standlsh. .''Now, then, young fellow. Just let ihe'have that pepper box. and that belt of. cartridges." ; 1 The man resisted, and so lie broke Ills nock, putting one hand behind his neck and his right . hniid under his Jaw, and pushing hard. The man dropped dead. De Merdac took another sentry in his own way. A sclent 116 kick laid him prostrate, another one. under the ear killed him, uiid the two released pri soners were armed almost at the same mo ment. Meanwhile' panic ruged from end to end of the ship. . "Guess we can't have any trouble of this sort," said Standlsh; pulling out the revolver that lie had taken from his own prisoner. "This old kettle Isn't going to last ten min utes." Then he lapsed into very bad Frencn. .which de Merdac, who felt" himself a hian again as soon as. he was armed,' Instantly, translated Into understandable speech. "Stand by there! . Get to the boats! Cast them loose dn the ie'e side. Can't get them down on the weatherl Don't play the tool now ! There isn't time for It." When he had got thus far the Captain of the ship, with his first officer and the com mander of the marine troops on board, came and tried to ask him what he was doing. ' "Oh, you go to Hallelujah, if you can get there. My friend and I are in chaige of this ship Just how," he shouted through the scream of the storm, "and it you don't like it you can have some of this." And then he put up the muzzle of the ni-my revolver close, under tlie Cnptain's nose. The Captain, as he should hot have done, staggered back, and then Standlsh with his left hand caught him under the corner of the Jnw and knocked him half-way across the sloping deck. "Now then, gentlemen." he said to the rest, "matters are pressing. Here, de Merdac. Just translate this for me, will you? My French doesn't seem good enough In a storm. All boats out to leeward. Women first, and any children there may be, convicts or not. Out they go before a man leaves the ship, or by George, I'll shoot the first man that goes. Come along now, hurry out with those boatBl Get a wriggle on you. W're all the same now —bond or free, I guess we're all men in a tight fix like this. Great Scott! Well, you are a lot! Convict ship! Why, you're not fit to run ah oyster dredger. There she goes. Come on, de Merdac, out you go. We'd bettor swim for it than drown with a lot like this!" As. he spoke a sort of dull, grinding shudder ran through the ship. Her screw lashed In to the water, and the storm swept over them, as It seemed, with < tenfold violence. Then panic reigned supreme from end to end of her. The grinding ended In a dull, dead crash, the engines . stopped,' the ship heeled over, the race before the storm came to a sudden end. the angry watefa curled up, wave after wave, like savage beasts closing on their prey, tons and tons of solid .-green water rose up in mountains on the one side, and crashed down In cataracts over the other, sweeping 'every thing that was movable off the decks and overwhelming everything, living or dead, that was not' movable. And. so the last voyage of the convict-ship "Vendome" came to an end, CHAPTER XXIII.— THE "SYBILE'S" LAST FIGHT. The discussion on board the "Syblle" had ended, as will be remembered, in a resolve to sacrifice the guns and ammunition, and strip the yacht of everything that could cast sus picion on her or her crew. The injuries to the bow were, however, much more pressing than this precaution, and so they were atr tended to first. The twisted plates and bent stem were flattened and straightened as far as possible, the forward gun was unshipped, and, with many regrets on the part of Cap tain Frankland, foiled Into the sea. . This had the effect of bringing her head well up, and the greater part of the water was pumped out of her fore compartment. The thin plates were then hammered toge ther again from inside and out, and some of them drilled and cold-rlvetted, so that It be came possible to caulk the seams till they were almost water-tight, and a large sail was drawn over the stem to fend off the water, while the vessel was travelling at speed, and thus It became possible to keep the fore compartment fairly dry by constant use of the steam pump. Meanwhile the chief engineer and his staff had been busy with the engines, and In less than a couple of days the "Syblle" was In, fairly good trim, and although her marvellous'1 speed .was greatly diminished they were very, well pleased to find that she was still equal to about twenty knots. All thlB had taken two days and bights' «f almost incessant work, and when their labours had come to ah end. Captain Frankland sot lier head at an, easy speed towards the en trance to the Striiits of Malaqca, and then began to think about making her respectable, "It's ah Infernal pity," he said to Merrlvale, who was standing beside him, on the bridge on the third morning, " a most Infernal shame to throw all these beautiful weapons Into the water, and to send ten tons of the finest am munition In the world after them." He laid his hand affectionately on one of the Maxims at the end of the bridge as he spoke, hmd stroked the wlclced-looklng little engine of destruction as though he loved It. "Yes, a most unfortunate necessity," satd Merrlvale, "but unhappily In these over- clvi- llEed days It would be hardly safe, as you have said, to go in port with these on board and without a license from any Government. I'm afraid, Captain, that piracy, of this kind at any rate, Is out of date." "Yes, confound It!" said Frankland. "If you want piracy nowadays you've got to go on Stock Exchanges and that kind of place for It. But Just fancy what a gorgeous life It would he to have a well-armed craft like this, that nothing afloat could catch, with one or two nice little retreats about the world, nnd Just cruise about taking what you want. A glorious life! And, after all, you could only linng for It in the end, even If you were caught." "Evidently, Captain Frankland," said Ma1- m'solle Lena's voice Just behind him, "you have been born a couple of centuries or so too late." They turned and saw her standing at the head of the other bridge-ladder, spick and span anil radiant, and quite recovered from the miseries of the storm. It wns her first' appearnnce on dock and Bhe had exercised her privilege of coming up on to the bridge tn get a little more breeze. Tliey both took off their caps and bowed, for the convenances were always strictly observed among the members of the Brotherhood, and Franklnnd said: "Ah, Mn'm'selle la Marquise, delighted to welcome you back to -Hie deck. I trust you have quite recovered. Indeed, you look so: but I'm afraid our voyage will have to come to a somewhat abrupt conclusion. We are rather badly Injured about the bows, and It is Imperative for uk to go Into dock some where." "Ah, yes," slie said. "I have heard that from Papa. But won't there be suspicions? For Instance, you mentioned something very unpleasant Just now— something which I be lieve was the usual termination of a piratical career In those good old days which you w.ere lamenting. I suppose If anyone by any miracle had managed to escape from the. 'Ori ent' and we were caught, we, or at any rate some of us would certainly be hung." "But not," said Merrlvale, with a somewhat uncomfortable laugh, "not our Pirate Prin cess, I hope." "M'slou'. I tllonk you," she replied, with a little curtsey, which she had to take hold of the bridge-rail to snake. : "I slncorely hope not. There would be only one worse alterna/ tlve-ra return to La NouVelle." "Well,"" said Frankland,' "there's one thing certain. Thanks to that confounded -liner not surrendering as she should have done and bringing herself across our bows, we've got Into a decided mess, and If we don't get out of It one of the two alternatives will very likely come to pass. At any rate, I think we'd better turn to and get these guns over board, because Into harbour we must go. and even if we stow tlicm away below as usual we should still run too great a risk because she will, liave to be thoroughly overhauled, ahd that would of course mean nndlns the guns and ammunition, and then oxpln nations would be a little bit difficult. No. t's a pity, but I'm afraid they'll have to go. It happened, however, that the guns of tlie Syblle were destined to be used once more before they went to their resting-place at the bottom of the sea, for Just at that mo ment Mr. Ferguson, the chief olllcer, who was standing with his glasses at the other end of the bridge, looking out to the north ward over the now rapidly smoothing sea, turned round. and said! . ''There's smolce- up there, Captain,' and a lot of it.. Can't quite makeltout, Seems so low down. Better keep out, of the way, I suppose." ' "Oh, yes, of course," said Frankland. "We don't want to fall In with anything JuBt notv. Put her round and keep ' away. No, you. needn't qulckoh up yet. We'll see what she's made of. Only a tramp, I expect." The order was obeyed, but the smolie-clouo kept on growing and growing with omlnoua rapidity, and, what was more, It soon became plain, that the vessel which' was making ',t had also changed her course. Half a dozen glasses were soon turned on to It from the bridge of the Syblle, and Captain Frankland, In spite of his well-trained self-control, began to look h. little uneasy as the Cloud grew big ger and blacker. "Confound It all!" he said, taking Ills glasses down from his eyes, "I can't make It out. What the deuce can she be! Mr. Fer guson, have you got any ideas on tne sulL Ject?" . .. (to be ooSTrnnzb.h 