The Sketcher. Mrs. Leighton, aged 23. Lady Chillworth, aged 60. Scene : The covered terrace of the Hotel Riffelalp facing the peak of the Mat- terhorn. (Mrs. Leighton is looking through the hotel telescope at the peak of the Mat- terhorn. Lady Chillworth (approaching) : What are you looking at, my dear ? Mrs. Leighton: I'm looking for my husband. He is on the Matterhorn. Lady Chillworth : Ah, you're young. When you get to my age you'll find it wiser to look at your husband through the wrong end of the telescope. Mrs. Leighton : I think I see him. Look, a tiny black speck against the pure white snow. Lady Chillworth (after gazing at Mrs. Leighton quietly for a few moments) : What an eloquent description of you and him. Mrs. Leighton : What do you mean ? (Nervously.) Lady Chillworth : Oh, my dear child, you can't deceive me. Do you think I don't know why you're making this dutiful display of interest in your hus- band ? Mrs. Leighton : But, indeed, I—— Lady Chillworth : My poor child, you kept your room all day yesterday, and I heard all that passed in it the night before last—before your husband left for the Matterhorn—a most unwilling audience, I assure you ; but these for- eign hotels, with doors connecting all the rooms, like a public picture gallery, are not safe places for husbands to make exhibitions of themselves in. He's a brute ! Mrs. Leighton : Lady Chillworth ! Lady Chillworth (with rising indigna- tion) : Yes, a brute. That bruise on your forehead —— ! Mrs. Leighton (colouring deeply) : I fell against the chest of drawers, and—— Lady Chillworth : He pushed you. I heard him. Mrs. Leighton : No, no—indeed. Lady Chillworth : Yes, he did, and you, like the little heroine you are, fear- ful lest the truth should be known, sit here making a display of interest and affection before all these strangers. But you seem to have one devoted friend. Captain Thornton is—— Mrs. Leighton (with enthusiasm) : Oh, he is such a good, true-hearted—— Lady Chillworth : No doubt of it, and I'm sure he means well ; but I'm an old woman, and know the world pretty well, and of the two, there's more danger to a young, attractive woman in a sympa- thetic male friend than in a bad hus- band. Mrs. Leighton : But Captain Thornton is a chivalrous gentleman. Lady Chillworth : Granted! And if friendship were possible between the sexes it might be possible with him ; but it isn't. Mrs. Leighton : He is the soul of hon- our. Lady Chillworth : Granted again. But he worships the ground you walk on ! Mrs. Leighton (eagerly, then checking herself) : Oh, you don't think that, do you ? I mean I'm sure he—— Lady Chillworth : Don't try to deceive a woman old enough to be your grand- mother. Do you think I don't know a man in love when I see one ? Mrs. Leighton : But what makes you think he—he—cares for me ? Lady Chillworth : There's no mistak- ing the look in his eyes. They soften the moment he sees you. I have watched you both. Do you know what heart hunger is ? Mrs. Leighton (feelingly) : Oh yes! (Checking herself) At least, I scarcely think I know what you mean. Lady Chillworth (grimly) : Quite right. Keep like that. Captain Thornton is a prey to the most acute form of heart hunger, the hunger that gnaws the heart of a man debarred by honour from declaring his love. A woman never mis- takes that. Men think we don't know what they feel for us unless we show them we know it. Oh, my dear, what a mistake. I've been through it all. Mrs. Leighton : You ? How sad you look. Lady Chillworth (sighing) : Sad ! I've a woman's memory, child, heartless old worldling though I seem in the eyes of a world that judges by externals ! Your case brings back to me a memory of the past. (A pause.) Mrs. Leighton : Won't you tell me about it ? Lady Chillworth : There's not much to tell. I married young, an undisciplined girl, ignorant of what love meant. When I grew to womanhood there came one into my life who changed the meaning of existence for me. I loved him with every fibre of my nature. Had he asked it I would have thrown every tie that bound me to the winds. But he loved my fair name and honour before all else, and in the loneliness of old age, instead of a remembrance of the shame that clings for ever to a stained life. I have the fair memory of a man's chivalry to live on. The woman who holds such a memory in her heart is not quite the heartless old worldling she seems. (A pause.) Mrs. Leighton (in a soft voice) : I am so sorry for you. Lady Chillworth : There, I'm a silly old woman ! Don't trouble your young heart about me, but look to yourself. Few women are- so fortunately unfor- tunate as I was. Mine was an experi- ence too wonderful to occur again, so beware of friendship. Mrs. Leighton : But Captain Thornton is such a sympathetic friend, and I look up to him and trust him so. Lady Chillworth : And beware of sympathy, too—it is the overture to love. Mrs. Leighton : But I am a married woman. We can't love—we mustn't. Lady Chillworth : Mustn't! The word isn't in love's vocabulary. Oh, there is Captain Thornton. See, even his good manners are severely tried at seeing you monopolised by any one else. I fancy I saw the ghost of a frown on his face when he saw me. Good morning, Captain Thornton. And don't you in- tend to do the Matterhorn this time ? Captain Thornton : No, I think I have done with the Matterhorn now, Lady Chillworth. I have ascended it seven times. It has no more charms for me. Lady Chillworth : How man-like ! No- thing but the unattained interests you men. Well, we shall meet at table-d'- hote this evening, I dare say. I am go- ing down to Zermatt now. I hope to hear of the safe return of the mountain party when I come back. Good-bye. (Lady Chillworth nods to them, and leaves them alone together.) Captain Thornton : And so Mr. Leigh- ton has gone to the Matterhorn after all ? Mrs. Leighton : Yes, I tried hard to persuade him not. In his present state of health I am sure he was not fit to bear the fatigue. Captain Thornton : I saw nothing of you all day yesterday. Mrs. Leighton (timidly) : No, I—I stayed in my room. I had rather a dis- turbed night. You see, Mr. Leighton started early with his guide for the Mat- terhorn, and a lot of other people went too, and the clatter and noise made me wakeful. Captain Thornton (after gazing at her) : How pale you look, and—what's that—a bruise on your temple? That wasn't there last time I saw you. Mrs. Leighton : Oh, it's really nothing —nothing at all. I—I fell—it was my own fault. I fell against the chest of drawers. Captain Thornton (with great emo- tion) : oh, my God—he struck you ! Mrs. Leighton (faintly) : No—no—in- deed—indeed not. Captain Thornton (turns away and looks out across the valley to hide his emotion. After a pause he returns to her, and, taking both her hands in his, speaks with an effort at self-restraint) : I am so dreadfully sorry for you, I—I can scarcely trust myself to speak to you ; but if the knowledge that you have a devoted friend who would gladly face death for you is any help, hear it from my lips. Mrs. Leighton (looking up into his face with tears in her eyes) : Yes, indeed it is a help, a great help. I cannot tell you how great. (She sinks down on to a seat.) Captain Thornton (bending over her) : You look so faint and ill; shall I send for your maid ? Mrs. Leighton : Would you mind ? I will go and lie down again, I think. I didn't sleep well last night. (Captain Thornton retires. He returns with Mrs. Leighton's maid, and she goes away to her own room.) Six hours later. Evening. (Captain Thornton is smoking on the covered terrace. Lady Chillworth approaches him excitedly, and puts her hand on his arm.) Lady Chillworth : Oh, Captain Thorn- ton—your poor little friend. Such a shock. Her husband ! Captain Thornton (starts) : What of him ? Lady Chillworth: Dead, dead! The news has just come—died on the Matter- horn from exhaustion. He was a dread- ful man, but still, he was her husband, and sudden death is always shocking. Captain Thornton (as if in a dream) : Dead—dead ? Impossible ! Where is she ? Lady Chillworth : In my sitting-room. I broke the news to her. (A pause.) Come to her—come (laying her hand upon his arm). I understand. Captain Thornton : Has she asked for me ? Lady Chillworth : Could she ask ? Come. (They enter Lady Chillworth's sitting room together. Mrs. Leighton is sit- ting on the sofa. Captain Thornton sits down by her. Taking her hands in his he draws her gently to him, and she bursts into tears.)—S. T. S., in " Black and White." 