AN INDIAN GHOST STORY. Mr F. H. Skrine tells a strange story in the Calcutta "National Maga zine" of what happened to him when engaged in census operations in the " Jungipore" district of Bengal. He was spending the night as the guest of an indigo mannfacturer and his wife, both French. " I was a wakened in the dead of night," says the writer, "and sat up, trembling with the terror which comes once or twice in a life time from the approach of the un known. A child's voice came from without. In tones of agony it shrieked, 'Mamma ! Ayah !' I sprang through the open French window into the flower garden. All was still, except the thump of my heart as I listened intently. It must have been a jackal, I thought; but hark, again the wail rang out ' Mamma ! Ayah !' This time there was no mistake as to the direction. The sounds came from the indigo vats, an appurtenance of every factory. They are deep masonry cisterns, in which the green plant is iumelsed in order to extract the coloring mat ter. I ran down the avenue, climbed the party wall separating the row of vats, and peered into the dark recesses of each. All were empty, save one filled with clear water to serve as a reservoir for the garden : and it showed no sign of human life. Filled with creeping feat, I turned and walked slowly towards the house over ground on which the feathery foliage of the casuarinos seemed to be photographed by the moonhght. High above their mournful sough there came again the childish screams. 1 ran back to the vats, aid searched each in vain. 'Shall I alarm the house?' I asked myself. The feel ing that human intervention was use less refrained me, and I sought my bed. whereon I tossed till the morning sun pierced the Venetian blinds. It was very late, according to Anglo-Indian ideas ere I joined my entertainers at break fast. There was something in my ap pearance which showed that all had not gone well, for I was pressed with ques tions as to whether I had slept soundly. I adw:.itted that I had not, and began to tell the strange episode of the night. Before the detnouement was reached my hostess sank from her chair in a swoon. M. Gilbert, as he ran to her assistance, cast on me a glance of menr ce and reproach which I shall never forget. With the help of the servants he carried the poor creature to an adjoining bedroom, leaving me in mute amazement at the effect of my plain, unv rnihed tale. Atter 10 minutes or so, he returned, and striding up to me. said, in a voice trembling with fury, " Well, sir, what am I to under stand by this mystification ?' ' What on earth do you mean ?' ' Yes, sir, mysti fication : and permit me to observe that it is in execrable taste.' So saying, M. Gilbert brought his pougy fist down on the table with a thump that made the hot-water dishes sound a carillon. Shift ing my position to a point within reach of the carving-knife, in view of active hostilities, I replied, ' Now, M. Gilbert, perhaps you will explain the meaning of such language to a guest.' There was something in my mrnner which im pressed the unhappy man. He grew calmer and asked anxiously whether I had really heard the voice in the dead of the night. and whether I did not know the misfortune which had wrecked his life, and was breaking his wife's heart. I assured him, on my word of honor, that I had heard his name for the first time on the previous day. ' Sir,' he replied a'ter a pause, ' our little boy was drowned a year ago in those vats.' " Says the " Bullionist" :-Firmness has characterised the mining market to day, the Westralian section being more particularly inclined to look good. Asso ciated are very strong, and those people who can pay for what they buy will not regret holding the shares 12 months hence. In Kaffirs there has been next door to nothing doing, and in the after noon the market gave itself up to play and chaff at the expense of some of the best- known and popular members. 