THlfi 'DRAMA. "A Trip to Chinatown," which is to replace "A Straugor In New York " at Her Majesty's to-night, Is tho plhy iu which Mr. Harry Conor bocamo so well known on tlio occasion ot his first visit to Australia. In to-night's revival he will resumo his old part of Mr. Welland Strong. Miss Alleno Crater, having almost re covered from tlio effects of the operation re cently performed on her throat, Is to play tho part originally Impersonated by Ivltss Gcraldino M'Cann, and tho' Flirt, tn which tho late Miss Sadlo Macdondld was so successful, Is to bo placed til the hands of Miss Carrie Moore, who, by tbo way, lias recently done somo capital minor work under "Tho Firm's" management. Miss Moore is still very young, and nobody doubts tbe opinion that sho exhibits great promise of her becoming still mere prominent on tho stag'. "A Trip to Chinatown" Is to bo presented for 1 nights, at the end of which season tho company will go to tlio Princess Theatre, Melbourne, and open with "A Stranger in New York." This will he followed by "A Rag Baby," another of Hoyt's picccfl. When Her Majesty's is vacated by Mr. Harry Conor and Uio members of Hoyt and M'Kcc a Company, "The Belle of New York" will bo re vived for a few nights, . prior to tho members of the company embarking 011 tbo R.M.S. Alameda on August 2 for America. At present "Tlio Bollo of New York" Company aro I11 Adelaide, where they open) to-night. "Tho King's Musketeer" will foHow "Tho Bollo of New York" at Iler Majesty's, tho opening night being August 5. During the season hero the company will present tn addition to Dumas famous romance, the great military drama "Se cret Service," and a dramatisation ot Hall Calno s novol "Tlie Christian." Meanwhile, "The King s Musketeer" Is enjoying much popularity at the Princess Theatre, Melbourne, where it will be followed by a short revival of "Tho Silver King," wILh Mr. Walter Bentley as Wilfred Denver. Mr. Bentley is familiar enough wttli this part, lie having played it before, not only in Australia, but In other parts of tlio world. The Royal Opera Company's season of four weeks in Perth (W.A.) is Lo begin 011 tlio 22nd inst. From tho West Australian capital tho company will return to Sydney, and will in alt probability bo joined by Mr. Wallace Brown- low, who is at present appearing as Harry Bron- son In "Tho Bollo of New York." The reper toire of tho Royal Opera Company is to he strengthened by the addition of Messrs. Do Kovan and Smith's comic opera "Robin Hood," wblcb Mr. Williamson has just received from Mr. Mus- grovo. Tho new opera is to be put into imme diate relionrsal, with a viexlr of having it pro duced In Sydney before the end of tbe year. Next Saturday .night, Mr. Brough will stage at the Royal for the first timo in Australia, Henry Arthur Jones' "The Physician." The play Is evidently a striking one, anyway It is If London critics havo mot erred in their opinions. For ex ample, Mr. William Archer, In the "Theatrical World" of 1S97, says: "Whatever elso Mr. Arthur Homy Jono3 may or may not be, he is a first-rate theatrical story-toller. Even when his story seems unacceptable and unpleaslng, he docs iiot bore us; and when ho gets a good story to toll, ho holds us like a. vice. In his new Criterion play, 'The Physician,' he has a capital story to tell, and .tolls It with really admirable skill. He shows 110 scrupulous over-reflnemont of tech-, nique; Ills methods aro straightforward and frankly theatrical. . . .. . Fof the rest, the play Is little short of a master-plcco In the art of exciting and sustaining Interest. I echo the entreaty of, tho management tlfat the audience should bo seated before the rise of the curtain, for late-comers; will not only miss for their own part, but spoil for- others; one pf Mr. Jpnes' ablest Inventions. Not many opening scenes in drama put one's curiosity so keenly on the nlert as this.; Tho classic instance of the 'In troductory chord,.' ns Gustav Freytag calls It,. Is the incomparable, first sceno iu Hamlet. Mr. Jones' introductory; chord, . firmly and crisply touched, serves tho samo purpose ot showlug that thero are ghostsX abroad, and setting us wondering what they portend." . Mr. George RIgnold is to commence a season at tho Opera House, Brisbane, to-night with "Othello." Mr. M'Adoo's Georgia Minstrels and Cake Walkers ivlll finish at tho Paloco Theatre at tho eud of next week. They will then appear at several of the considerable Inland towns over land to Melbourne. Amongst thoso playing at the Bijou Theatre, 51 0 bourne, under Mr. Harry Richards' manage ment are the Keziah Slstcns, Manuel Woodson, Spry and Austin, The Englishes, Harry Shine, Boliman and' Moore, and Pope and Sayles. With "Straight from the Heart" Mr. Bland Holt continues to do good business at tlie Theatre UoyaLMolbonume. MivHoItls present season in- Melbourne will .close about tho end of August. The ' theatre lias bpen taken from September by Mr.' Charles Holloway. The present proposals are that the company now playing In Sydney at the Lyceum shall go to tho Theatre Royal, Mcl bourno, and. that a new English company, who are coming out to Mi. Holloway shall occupy the Lyceum.. At Christmas or thereabouts the companies will change theatres, tho English company going to Molbourne, and the Lyceum combination returning to Sydney. Mr. "Walter Rivers has joined Mr. Charles Fanlng in New Zealand I11 tho formation of a specialty company, and arrangements aro being made to, tour that colony. Tho company will open -at Nlapler ou the 15th inst., and will bo at Christcbureh for tbe Grand National week. They expect to bo back In Sydney by the end of September. "Our company," Mr. Rivers says, "will consist of picked Australian artists." Mr. Rivers and Mr. Failing aro at present members of the Gaiety Company, at tho City-hall, Auck land. Mmo. Sarah Bernhardt has confided to a re- vlower In Paris that it Is "with a certain appre hension, I may even say fear, that I am going to play Hamlot In London. The English are curious in somo respects. They do not like to have Shakespeare translated, though they ought to ba proud of it, for it Is the highest tribute wo can possibly pay to the genius of their great foot' In reply to tho correspondent's Inquiry ns to whether sho thought Hamlet was fat or thin she remarked "My theory as to that is that tho phrase ho Is fat and scant of breath' was pur posely added to tho text by Shakespeare to cx- p lain the accidental obesity of the first actor who played the role, tho only ono on whom Shakespeare had been able to lay Jits hands " 