ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. “LOST LEICHHARDT,” A STRANGE STORY OF ARNHEIM’S LAND. CHAPTER X. A RETROSPECT. (CONTINUED.) BY JAMES J. WEIGHT. In the early Sixties the work of pearl shell fishing was carried on in very primitive fashion. Captain Breton dropped anchor about a mile from land in four and a-half fathomß of water. This being above the average depth in wbioh eneh work was usually carried on the blacks demurred, but Breton sternly ordered them overboard. *1 suppose yon will obb the boats, cap tain?’Joe Wild, who filled the triple posi tions of first, second,'and'third mate, asked. 'No, the niggera most work from the schooner.' ‘They are jabbering about the depth,’ responded Wild. 'lt will bo best to lower tbs boats.' The skipper agreed to thiß, and soon the work commenced in earnest. The divers, furnished with a basket to which a rope was attached, dropped to the bottom and filled the basket wbioh those in the boathanled np. It will readily be understood that the strain of diving in 30 feet of water is mnch greater than in a lesser depth as the pressure in creases rapidly. Thus it aame abont that in the afternoon most of the blacks became tired and wished to knock off. Breton encouraged them to persevere as they were making good hauls of shell. Finding they were giving np he ordered each a very large nobbier of rum, and this spnrred them,to greater effort. Shortly after 4 o’clock the leader of the divers gave up in spite of fteton’s emphatic objection. When he tried to get on deck from the boat the Frenchman struck him. The black, roused by the rnm and suffering from the head paioß caused by the water preßßsre, retaliated. He jumped at the oap tain and seized him by the throat. Breton being much stronger than his exhausted antagonist forced the native backwards and hnrled him over the side of the schooner. Ihen, with deliberately 000 l brutality, he drew a pistol from his belt and leaning over fired point blank at the swimming man. The ballet took deadly effeot striking between the shoulders, and with a cry and gasp the murdered wretoh sunk in the crimson-dyed water. His companions viewed the tragedy with stoical indifference, while Breton paced backwards and forwards as If nothing un usual bad occurred. Meanwhile those in the boats had forgotten that one of the divers named ‘Kullya,’ wbioh in the native dialect meanß emu, bad been nnder water several minutes. Probably he had signalled to be banled up, but in tbs excitement it had not - been notioed. When brought to the surfaoe blood poured out of his mouth, nose, and ears, and he was quits insensible. _ ‘ls be dead?’ Breton called ont. 1 1 think so,’responded Wild. 'Then throw bis carcase over,’ came the inhuman order. For a moment the mate hesitatad. Then he complied and rolled the body of Kullya out of the boat. As the aboriginals on the sohoooer saw the act they jumped into the water to rescue their comrade, who was not dead but insensible. Breton sternly ordered them back, but they either did not hear or did not understand. 'Round these fellows baob,’ shouted the captain. Two of the aboriginals bad dived and brought their miserable comrade to the sur faoe just as Wild’s boat came np: 'Drop that ]' the mate bawled, lifting an oar as he epoke and making a blow at the natives. Probably the dusky swimmers read their doom on the faoes of the skipper and mate, or they had been tanghb what to ex peob in view of the murder wbioh had just happened. To cover np snoh orioles dozens of blacks have been butchered in oold blood. As Wild struck with the oar the native nearest the boat let go the body and with wonderful celerity clambered in. Seizing the other oar he aimed a frenzied blow at Wild, which the latter partly avoided. As he turned to defend himself the other abori ginals swarmed in leaving Kullya to his fate. They instantly overpowered Wild, and lift ing the oars began to propel the boat to wards Hartng island. Two of the men held the captive mate between them and the Bohooner, and the manoeuvre worked excellently, Breton on Seeing what had happened drew his second pistol and tried to get a shot at the run aways, only to find if he hit anyone it would be the mate. White with rage he ordered the white men intn the remaining boat and started in pursuit. The blscks rowing like demonß bad already gained over a quarter of a mile. They bad the beet boat and knew bow to handle it. It was evident that, barring accident, Breton oonld not overtake the fugitives though hie crew tried hard to do eo. ' If we don’t catcb those mongrels eome of us may hang for to day’s work,’ Bhonted Breton, and the reflec tion Bpnrred them on. The schooner, aa stated, was anchored about a mile from land, and those in the boats quickly covered the distance, the blaoks being f&r; ahead. As their craft touched the beach the pursnerß witnessed a hideous tragedy. The infuriated aboriginals before fleeing battered ont Wild’s brains. A few stray shots were fired after them but they had no effect, the runaways eoon dis appearing behind the rooks which fringed the chore. 'Shall we follow them ?’ aßked Breton in a voicß of suppressed paeßion. 'lt wouldn’t be any use,’ a grey-beaded salt answered. ' We could never find them in this place.’ This was the general opinion, and puttiog the body of Wild into the second boat the orestfallen men returned to the ecbooner. Xaen Breton said— -'Oar beet plan is to leave this neighbor hood and return to Fremantle. These fel ows may get round to the station and make rouble for us, Of course we oould- produce Wild 8 body and say they tried to murder ? ! , n ’> bit you know what that means. A tjal at Perth and a lobb of six months. What shall we do ?' south,’ oame the unanimous response. While anchor was being weighed to carry Oh this wish Breton took Fairleigh aside hod whispered, ‘I think I managed that ery well. We would have had a difficulty 0 leave the pearling grounds if this hadn't opppned. Now we caD get to Fremantle, and the orew will be only too glad to clear °ht without iusisting on payment for the fall sogagement. I’m nQ t eo rry that Wild has g °Th knew to ° muoh -’ ihe sun was setting as the Bernier swept out into the Indian Ocean, and nnder a avorable breeza made rapidly towards the outh. The last beams of the snn fell slant hg y on Bleep Point aa the sobooner got reast of it. Breton and Fairleigh stood n the poop and were looking towards the fowning barren point when Fairleigh sad enly grasp.d his companion’s arm and . ‘be cliff— -11 bst is that?' he exclaimed. It is either a party of men or kangaroo. ai until I get the glass,' replied Breton. ... * e8 > there are three men just on the mu' osl ' likely a party after you.’ No doubt,’ answered Fairleigh with a quiet grio, « but they are foiled. It’s luoky 1 kept to the water,’ providence or the devil oaused to oome across the Bernier,' added Breton. 'lf not you would now be a maniao or like that,’ and the skipper pointed to the form ofTWild which lay wrapped in oanvas. While this conversation went on the ah", down of night began to wrap the giant oliffs which were Bonn invisible. Suddenly Breton said—‘ We ought to make a copy of that diary. There is a reward offered for relios or traces of Leichhardt, and the original will be worth something to ns.’ ‘ We can oonsider that later on,'- curtly responded Fairleigh. Eight days later the harbor of Fremantle was reached and both men set abont forming the party to go north again. Two men named Degraves (father and son) were joint owners of the Bernier, and Jnho, the son, was let into the secret. He readily agreed to make one'in the expedition. He was not a person calculated to inspire confidence. Not more than 5 feet 4 inches in height his broad frame, short bull neck, bullet head, and most forbidding physiognomy, made him positively repulsive. With him were taken tw» other friends of Breton named Lynch and M'Donald. and three nominees of Dsgraves—Fanning, Kent, and Murray. \ Unforeseen delays in fitting nut the vessel ooourred, and it was the 23rd of February before everything was ready. On the morn ing of that day old Degraves—an ootogena rian—came from his home near Guildford to see the sobooner off. He had been a resi dent of the district for 40 yearß. When told the story of the strange find the countenance of Degraves eenior had been a study. The hand of time had, so to speak, petri fied his features, which gave little ontward sign of the storm whiah raged beneath when he listened to the narrative of Leiohhardt's diary. The passions of avarice and greed struggled beneath, and a light shone from the sunken eyes whioh was really diabolic. After expressing hia wonder in garrulous fashion the old man began to wander and revert to his own experiences. ‘ I’ve seen queer thing,’ be begin, ‘ Doings stranger than fiction. It’s only three or four years ago that the skeleton of a convict I knew was pulled ont of a log hereabouts. I saw him escape in ’53. That was Michael Whitfield. Ah 1 it was .a day that. Hot. Yes, hot as h—l. Whitfield killed the over seer and got intn the bush. I was the chief warder then. Doctor said he was mad. Sunstruck or something, but he got away and died in a log. He was a—' ‘ Good-bye father,’ interrupted John -D-- graves, cutting the old man short, ‘Time’s up,’ and the narrator waß led off. Ten days later the Bernier was opposite Shark Bay and heading for Oambridgs Gulf, whioh the schooner reached on the lfith of March. After a consultation Breton’s ad vice was acted on and the Victoria river entered. It was navigated for 20 miles until a high waterfall prevented further progress, and from this point the expedition would have to travel by land. Having thus ar ranged, all hands set to work to make the craft secure for the long wait. Lynch and M'Donald were selected to remain behind. From the point the straßge peak whioh bad bo pnzzled the crew of the Lucinda could be noticed. Breton and his companions were perfectly ignorant of the faot that the Lucinda lay so near them. Had they' pos sessed that knowledge this narrative would have been a very different' one. Accident and not design bad caused the rival expedi tions to enter the two main rivers which flowed into the gulf, and they had not clashed. CHAPTER XI, THE QUEST. It will now be necessary for the reader to return in spirit, if not in body, to the plateau of Haunted Peak. As the huge python en tered the pass Preston and bis companions remained in a Btate of eemi - paralysis. Quickly recovering Wills lifted hie rifle and fired. The bnllet buried itself in the back of the serpent which lashed itself against the sides of the rooks. The others also shot at tbe-reptile whioh soon beoame disabled but continued to block the path. At last Pres ton said— ‘ I will go in and try to put an end to the brnte.'- Entering the narrow way he get close to the snake and fired into its head. Maddened with pain the huge serpent threw itself back wards against the captain and flung him nearly senseless to the ground. At the same moment the dying python fell across him; seizing his arm Barrows pulled him from under tbe writhing masß, whioh soon lay still. When considered safe to pass the men stepped gingerly across the quivering snake, and they did not breathe ea»ily until the bottom was reached. Each moment they expected to be confronted with another mon ster. Uonerved with the encounter they deoided to return to the sohooner. ‘I don’t feel like doing anything further to-day. Ugh I I can feel that Bnake yet. I once walked on a “ gater " when crossing a lagoon, but the sensation was as nothing to what I have just gone through,’ observed Preston. Shortly after daylight next morning a start was again made for the peak. On Rennie’s advice the search began on the west side. A dense jungle of undergrowth grew in the gully which lay at the base of the cliff. Moving cautiously along the jutting point was reaahed which ant off the east slope. On this the rays of the morning boo were streaming in golden splendor, and were reflected from the glistening granite in prismatic-hues. Every nook and cranny on the side was lighted up by tbe penetrating beams, so that the men could see far into deep crevasses. It waß at this point the blacks bad disap peared, and Preston searched oarefully. While walking slowly along in a disap pointed mood he noticed something whioh at once arrested his steps. It looked as though' there waß a block of Ltone fitted into the face of the cliff at a certain spot. Picking up a loose fragment of rock he throw it against the part, when a broad Bquare of Btone fell away revealing a dark passage. Calling his companions they examined the entrance and decided to explore it. Some rough torches had been improvised the pre vious night in anticipation of a cavern search. These were lighted and Preßton got through the aperture, followed by the others. They found a passage fully 20 feet high by a dozen in breadth, which for.fully 100 feet ran to the east. Then it branched into Beveral smaller avenueß, and seeing a glim mer of light at the end of one they followed it with rifles at the ready. Preston was in the lead, and as the captain of the Lucinda reached the end of the branch he stopped suddenly as if he saw a ghost. ‘ What is the matter? 1 asked Rennie. ‘ Blacks ?’ ‘Go and look. Devils I think,’ came the not reassuring response. Summoning their resolution the men ad vanced and beheld one of the most extra ordinary eigbtß that had ever oroseed their vision. A huge amphitheatre extended around with a floor space of quite an acre. The lofty walls shot np sneer for more than 100 feet, and the conoave roof which vaulted over seemed to be hung with Bilvery lights. In several places a stream of brightness shot d->wn throwing quite a radiance around. Different sections of the walls gave back parti-colored reflections, showing them to be composed of different tinted Btrata. It was not this, however, which aaused the silent spectators to gaze spell-bound at the spectacle before them. From every part of the wall which fronted them uuoouth and frightful visagee, half human, half devilish glared down upon them. In ..the queer light and from the glistening stone it almost seemed as if they were imbued with life. In some plaoes the figures of gigantio animals, monstrous in their aspect and Bhape, loomsd out of the rock, and the whole interior at first night had the appearance of a supernatural cham ber of horrors. For quite five minuteß the explorers Btood mutely gazing. As their eyes became accus tomed to the light the monstrous lineaments of the graven images stood out in bolder relief, and the awe struck beholders mar velled. Rennie broke the silence. • I have heard that traces of rock carving have been found in Northern Australia, and perhaps we have discovered one of the most perfeot monuments of a dead race.’ * Yes,’ assented Preston, ‘ these horrible drawings and carvings must have been done in long past ages. I never saw such a——' The captain’s remarks were interrupted by a cry from Savagß, ‘ Look 1 Look there 1’ All eyes were turned in the direction of the Bpsaicer’s outstretched arm. Peering down the south corridor of rock they could see a strange figure at the end. Whether the object was a man or a fur-clad animal like a bear could not be deoided. ‘ Man, devil, or beast, I'll have a shot at it,’ Preston hoarsely whispered, raising his rifle. As he did so the object disappeared behind a ledge of rock. 'lt must be a blackfellow, Rennie said. ‘ By heavens it may be tbe man we are in eearah of,’ exclaimed the captain, sj zing a torch and running towards the spot. His comrades followed, but the closest search failed to reveal the apparition. ‘•Lst us go baok to the Chamber of Hor rors. We could never find anyone in here,’ the skipper spoke. Returning to the amphitheatre a more minnte examination was made. ‘ Why these are boneß,’ cried Wills, as he approached a pile of what looked like jigged rooks or lumps of wood. ‘Bones, sure enough. They must bB fos silised remains,’ the doctor added. As the exploration continued it was found that the floor of the vast vault was strewn with the bones of animals which must have lived thousands of years previonsly. Rennie being well versed in paleontology declared the huge remains belonged to the mighty diptrodon, or gigantic sloth, whioh had been extinct beyond the memory of the white man. There were - also the remains of the huge kangaroo which preceded the present 'degenersitey specie, • bones whioh the doctor thought belonged to the extinct Aus tralian .hyena. Nope of the party were -Owens, or they would have been loth to tßar themselves away from such an interesting graveyard of the mighty dead. The examina tion revealed that some of the rude drawings on the walls represented these enormous animals. ‘ Those who did that work must have lived ooeval with those long extinct animals,’ Dr Rennie remarked, pointing to the draw ings. ‘ The moßt curious thing-which strikes me is what tools they used to out this rook whioh seemß to be as hard as Bteel,’ Preston added. . Conversing in thiß manner the party made a-tour of the great chamber. They found that the light came down through the great circular openings noticed when on the pla teau. As the day was declining the searchers made a move towards the entrance, when Preston Baid— ‘ I have an idea that Leiohhardt may be hiding here. We must make a farther searoh at the first opportunity. The poor fellow may be gone here,’ and the captain tapped his forehead signifioantly, ‘ That may be so. The sufferings he must have endured and the awful Bolitude would be quite enough to unhinge a man’s mind. Besides, he may have been injured by a fall or in an encounter with blacks. Poor fel low; I would like to find him,’ Rennie added. Whilst speaking they were moving out of the amphitheatre into the branch passage leading to the exit. Willß was ahead, and as he stepped round a sharp ledge the torch he carried was enaiched from his hand and thrown to the ground. At the same moment he felt the pistols in his belt being torn away. Instinctively he olntcbed at but failed to grasp them, and then sprang back with a warning cry. ' Stand aside. Seek cover 1’ he exclaimed, momentarily expecting to hear the pistols discharged. The toroh which bad fallen suddenly flared up, but nothing could be seen. The situation was indeed serious. The unknown and invisible thief could shoot two of them from his vantage point. For some minutes ■ the men remained silent, but at length the position had to be faced. It be came dear they must make a dash along the passage even at the risk of losing life, but who would make the sacrifice. .' I’ll go first,' Preston quickly spoke. ‘ No, Gap., let me have that post,’ Bar rows instantly replied.’ In a few moments each man had volun teered for the perilous post, a faot whioh showed how well the members of the expedi tion had been selected. At last it was de cided to make a simultaneous dash, and t,h°y did so, but no shots rang out. On reaching the end of the passage it was fonnd that the stone had heen plaoed in position ogain, and great difficulty was experienced in finding where it oovered the aperture. As they clambered out each man drew a deep breath of relief to stand again in the welcome sun light. The last to leave was Rennie, and as he clambered out a loud burst of hoarse laughter came from within. ‘That’s the most unctuny place I have ever been in,’ muttered Barrows as they listened. Before leaving they tried to place the atone in position, but cnnld not do so except from within. This showed that when the mys terious dwellerß nf the place left its recesseß someone bad to remain behind to close the ontlet. On regaining the Luainda all the talk centred round the remarkable experiences they had gone through at what they called ' Haunted Peak.' It struck them they had acted rashly and foolishly in entering such a place in the manner they did. Preston maintained that it was Leichhardt, himself who had snatched the pistols. Rennie ex pressed the opinion that if there were mnn kvys in the region he would attribute the act to one nf these mischievous animals. Savage remarked that if an enemy had Btolen them he would have used the weapons. Wills discounted that by Baying it might have been an aboriginal who did not know how to use them, ‘You know I am the only one now alive who saw the white man I believe was Leich hardt. That ooourred within 20 miles nf this spot, and he may have sought refuge in the Peak. Aboriginals, unless controlled by a stronger or leßs superstitious mind, would not dare enter so queer a place. Saab a man as Leiohhardt would be just the psrßnn to disoover and revel in the relics which abound there. He is a scientist, you know, and even if gone in the head would probably have lucid moments. Look at the way the entrance stone iB fitted. No fool did that,' explained Preston, dwelling on his favorite theory. ' P-rhaps on nur return from Mount Cheerless we may solve the mystery.' ' Now you are coming to business. It is time we pushed on. Field and I have been conking all sorts of dainties to-day,’ Dixon interjected. ‘ Well, we will push on in tbs morning. We may be able to navigate this Btream for a few miles further,’ responded Preston. During the evening they decided on their plan of notion. According to the locality shown on Leichhardt’s diary, Mount Cheer less could not be more than 300 miles south east of where the Lucinda ley. When the schooner could no longer navigate the river small boats would be need. By that means quite 50 mileß ought to be covered by water, leaving 250 to be traversed on land. At daybreak the voyage was resumed and good progress made. A bead in the river gradually shut ont the strange peak from vision. As it faded from view the men gathered at the stern to take a last look. It loomed up weird like out nf the plain with its fantastic spires and pinnacles of rock. Ab Rennie turned away he said— ‘l would like to know the secrets which lie hidden in the heart nf that old hill, and the events which wore enacted there thou sands of years ago.' • And 1 would be satisfied to know what is being done there now,’ broke in Captain Preston.—(7’o be continued.) 