SILAS REDFERN'S DIS APPEARANCE. Tho mysterious disappearance of oU Silas Redfera was a serious matter for Mamio. She bad been too loving a nieoe and too unsophisti cated a girl to indulge ia any sordid specula tion* as to when her uncle's monov was likely to become hers. Sbe believed tbat all he left behind him would be hers some day, as in the ordinary course of nature ho ought to din many years before she did. Though he was the most notorious old skin-flint in that part of the country, he was her uncle and the ouly living relative she had. So Mamie felt it to be her duty to love him and tried hor utmost to do so, and to a decree she succeeded. But as for money, and his money especially, it interested her about as much as the price of slates or stael nils anywhere on the Pacific slope. Indeed, it was not until her uncle had dis appeared that the word ' money ' camo to have any real significance to Mamio Redfera. It n.is when she found herself alone in Firdale Hall, with a maid looking to her for every thing, and Bart FruBher, the single labourer her uncle had kept about the place, wanting eleven shillings as a full week's wages lawfully due to him, that Mamie awakened. She positively bad not a shilling. She never had had money. Living there at tho old Hall, she uever had wanted any. All things that were needful for her, her undo had provided. They hud /.nmp in niMnep nnllrRA. nnrl TVTnmm tinH grown up in that strong faith ' of childhood which dispoies of all difficulties of ways aid means with the confident affirmation ' Father will pay,' or ' Ucolo will pay.' Mamie re membered when her affirmation had taken the first form, but for seven years past it had taken the last. Sha bad lived with her ancle for Beven years. And now that he had gone, she was mistress of Firdalo, and poorer than her maid, who bad received a month's wages three weeks before. Her uncle had disappeared without leaving any elue as to his whereabouts. Mamie had been spending the day with Lena Belfield at Whitethorn Lodge below the Tillage. Fordyce, her maid, had gone ont towards the close of the afternoon to make some purchases. When she left, her master, Silas Redfern, was walk ing up and down the path which led from the back of the Hall to th» road, ipparently absorbed in some matter of importance. But it was so ordinary a oircumstance for him to walkabout the Holland grounds with that pre-occupieu air, that Fordyce thought nothing of it, but went on her way towards the Tillage. That was the iaBt tbat was seen of Silas Red feru alive. ' Every effort to discover him, living or dead, had hitherto failed. It was now fire months since ho had disappeared. There was no evi dence of his death, and there was no reason to suppose that he had made away with himself. And what deepened the mystery surrounding, his disappearance was tbat no will or papers bearing upon the Firdale Hall estate could be found. Every room and box and drawer was (ansacked, but no paper of legal value »« ?*;-? covered. Mamift kucn mat he had had pack «s«a ot documents. He bad been in the habit of spending hours with them in a littlu room which optned into bin bedroom on the Grst floor. There were three large trunks and a writing desk in thi* room, and Mamie was under the impression that her uncle had kept the papers in the trunks. But when they came to lie examined they were found to contaiu rub bish, worn-out clothing, and old bed coverings phicb were dropping to pieces from old age. 'Xhero was not a vestige of paper or parchment in any ot them. . Not only bad Silas Redfern disappeared, but his papers had disappeared, too. . ' ?' Everyone believed that he was dead, but all ?fforts to discover his body had proved fruitless. Under the close scrutiny to wuiuh Fordjce was subjected, the girl was seized with an nngovern «hle terror. The ideas of death, of murder, of Unknown horrors filled her with dread. She In cams .hysterical, aad refused to stay another . flight iu Firdale Hall. Her fear was contagious. Blamio quickly caught it, and was consumed by a sense of indescribable horrors. She, too, Ueclared tbat sbe could notremain longer at the Hall. It seemed to bo haunted by a legion of evil spirits which pervaded its very almos phere. So Thomas BelQeld, Lena Belfield's (Father, took pity on her, and took Mamie- her- iieif to Whitethorn Lodge to spend a few weeks pith Lena, and to see what Time would roveal. Though a perfect innocent as regards money matters and the affairs of business life, Mamie Redfern was one of the most popular girls for tailes round. She was sixteen, as vivacious as a ppring breeze, and the tniscbioroua member of the Firdale tennis club. There were, at least, three fellows of the club who bad designs on Mamie, but the only oue ?who found her at all responsive was Walter nlarston, the son of a rusticating iron merchant. As soon as Walter began ? to pay serious attention to her, it was patent to everyone tbat be was the first aud only favourite. The other two suitors accord ingly stood off like honourable men, and left Mamie to Walter. And from that time the village looked upon her as prooerly appropri ated. Those who were intimate with Walter Marston congratulated him upon his good for ' tune ia having seoured Mamie. Those who were not intimate with him envied him and said tbat some people were ' always in luck's way.' No one was more concerned over Silas Red fern's disappearance than Walter Marston. It caused him many a sleepless night, and the pri vate inquiries be instituted cost him a con siderable amount of money. He saw the awk ward position in which tbe disappearance of Mamie's uncle and the family papers had left her. He determined, therefore, that no trouble or expense he could oommand should be spared Walter and I had long been fast friends. Our tastes were alike, and ss our houses were not far apart we were frequently found at each others abode. Besides, there was an attraction for me at The Rotvsns, the home of the Mars tons, which would huvo accounted for my fre quent presence there hail Walter been in tho Antipodes. He had a very t ngaging sister, wbose name was Alice, and by common gossip Alice MarBton and I were to be united in holy matrimony. Be the truth of thit what it might, I confess to having been with Alice Marston in the conservatory at The Rowans one lovely evening iu July. She bad taken me in to look at a vine which, under her attention, had be come one of tho finest in the dittnet. I had properly admired the delicate plant, and paid Alice every permissible compliment for bringing it into such a remarkably healthy and prolific state, when our conversation turned upon Mamio Redfern and tbe disappearance of her uncle. I noticed that Alice laid down the light pair of shears -be bad taken up, and that she sud denly stood still, looking very grave. ?' What's the matter, Alice ?' I s»id, startled by the change which had come over her. ' Clem ! Do you know what I think about it ?'' She spoke very deliberately. ' What, Alice ?' I was all attention. ' ' I believe that Mr. lied fern is somewhere in that house. If he had made away with himself outside, they would have found him. He's in the house. I feel sure of it.' ' ' What makes you think so, Alice ?' ' I'«e thought so for a mouth now. One night last week I was dreaming abiut Mamie and the Hall. 1 dreamt that I saw Mr. Rodfern come twice to tbj window of the little room at the south corner. He beckoned to me and then pointed with his rights hand.' 'Pointed V How ? Whora-P I gasped. ' Towards tbo other side ; towards the mid dle of tbe house ovor the front entrunoe. I saw him an plainly as 1 see) you. I'm sure bo is flomewbero in there. D. ro you go in and see, fllnm ?' ' Dire I P Aye, a hundred times. But the place has been ransacked very nearly that,' I said, excited by what she had told me. I turned the matter over in my mind, and re called every circumstance which had come to light bearing upon Mr. Redfern's moTements up tu the time of his disappearance. The more I thought over it the more strange it seemed to me that, if dead, his body should not have been found. Thero ncs no deep water any where within three miles of Firdale Hall. There were five pita which served as watering places for cattle, aad these had all been care fully dragged. The police were satisfied that Mr. Redfern's body was not in any of them. So that everything pointed to him being abore ground oither alive or dead ; yet up to tbat time there had not been a single clue discovered as to his whereabouts. The more [thought of it, the more reasonable did Alice's supposition become that the mus ing man wai still in bis own house. I deter mined that I would tell Walter Marston what his sister had said aud ask him to join me in a thorough exploration of Firdale Hall. ' By jove ! look at that now ! The very same thought bos been haunting my mind for a fort ui£Ub pusb, IVBIfaCC PAIJiaiucu, nueu i hruiu him of Alice's suspiciun. So he fell in eagerly with my proposal to explore the Hall, and we arranged to do so on the following morning. Firdale Hall was a plain, substantially-built place standing in its own grouuds, about 200 yards from a road which led into the main road a little to the south of Firdalo village. A row of trees shielded the upper part of the Hall from observation, and left its only architectural feature in view from the road. This was a pillared portico before the front entrance, which served to relievo the monotony of tbe plain red brick front. Except for the singing of tho birds, the place was as still as tbe grave when Walter and I walked up to tbe front door. We had quite five minutes' fumble each before we could got the rusty key properly into the look, as the front door had not been opened for nearly three months. Old Mrs. Corkhill, who spent two days each week in the house dusting and attend ing to the furnitnre, usod a small tide door to cuter and leave. We, however, decided that we would enter by the front, as we thought tbe place would be all the sweeter to ourselves if we set the large front door wide open to admit thv air. Haw still everything was ! Not as much as tbe scratching of a mouse could be heard is we stood ia the firtt room on the ground floor. For a moment we remained perfectly motionless, paying a kiad of involuntary deference to the place which had been the home of Mamie Red fern. The old pictures ur-'° tho walls were tj.o facicj for their subjects tobe distinguishable, for Silas Redfern would as soon have thought of giving his life as of speuding money upon fur bishing up what he regarded as useless incum brances. He had not placed them there, but many a time he had bemoaned the folly of those who bad squandered good money over doing so. We went through the house from ground floor to roaf . Every room we could find was care fully examined, and every box or article of furni ture which could have conbainnd ah munh n* th« body of a child was subjected to a scrutiny so thorough that we would have riBked our lives upon its completeness. There was one thing which had sent a chill through me the moment we reached the top of the stairs leading to the first floor. I had de tected a peeuliar odour which my mind im mediately associated with the body of Silas Redfern. Walter diil not notice it, so I put it down to fanoy. Our search was fruitless. I proposed tbat we should go outside again and take auother good look at the bouse. Walter readily assented, so we went to the hall and then out by the front door, which we had left open. W» stood baok on the grass beyond the gravel walk to obtain a better view of the frontage. ' Alice said that in her dream he came twice to that window, and pointed to the middle of tno house over tbe front entrance,' I remarked, as we stood vainly looking for some due. ' That would mean lomewhere about the stairs,' Walter answered, knitting hiB brows as if thinking hard. ' The stairs, eh ! There might be something in that. Let us go and have another look rouud,' I e»id, a vague, uneasy feeling coming ovor me. We went from bottom to top of the house, aud examined every landing, with the same result as before. ' Well, wo may give it up as a bad job,' said Walter, as we slowly came down on to the first floor landing, 1 had just stepped on to the landing, and turned to go along to the first flight of stairs. I was on the point of assenting to Walter's re mark, when my eye caught sight of something which aroused my curiosity. It had never struck me before, and Walter had evidently not yet noticed tbat between tbe wall and the stairs we had juBt come down and the nearest wall of the room which stood next to the stairs on that side, tbere was a short length of wall measuring about four feet, and forming the side of the landing. It occurred to me tbat I bad never seen any thing in the room ou either sido of the stairs corresponding with the short wall, nor yet with the width of the stairs themselves. I should have expected to find a deep closet or a small room under the stairs, but I could not recall having seen a trace of eitber. ' Here ; come back ! There's something I'm not satisfied about,' I said, turning back to the room beyond the stairs. I examined the wall closely. It had an old paper on which was un broken. There was no indication of any room or receea running under the stairs on that side. I went back along the landing iuto the room on tho other side uf the stairs. It, too, was papered. I mn my hand over the side nearest the stairs, but found nothing to excite sus picion. The paper was intact, and the wall seemed firm enough when tapped by my knuckle. ' What on earth are you after ?' Walter asked. He bad looked on blankly while I passed my hand over the paper of the wall. ' See,' I said. ' From the far side of the stairs to thin wall is about seven feet. The wall runs that way about twelve feet. What's in between the two wills ?' ' The Blairs,' he answered, simply. ' Nonsense ! They don't take up a third of it. There's space. They don't build tnolra by-seven of solid bricks. I want to know what's in there,' I said, excitedly. We went backwards and forwards from one room to the other, but no trace of an aperture could we find or any mirk which would indicate a possible opening. Here was e. mystery, tmt one I was determined to solve if I had to bring in workmen to break through tho wall. We went up the stairs and along the upper landing, but still there waa no trace perceptible of any opening I was more than aver con vinced, thoueh. that under and bevanrl thpjtn stairs layenongb space to form a amallohamber, and I meant to get into it somehow. I was on the point of leaving the place with the intention of bringing back a bricklayer, when an idea - occurred to mo. Going to the top of tho itairt, I camo slowly down back / wards, grasping each step as I camo,' and trying to raise or dislodge it. Not a atep moved. I got to the bottom and grasped tbe edge of the lowest step. I was exasperated at the failure of my last scheme, and gave a vindic tive tug at the woodwork. To my consterna tion, half of tbe flight of stain scorned to die appear, and I fell forward into u yawning cavity where an instaut before the stairs had been. Walter saw me fall aud heard my shout, and tried to drag me back, but the momentum I had attained through tho jerk [ had given at uuu ijwujJ baiiibu uiu nnuj iium uiuj. uuiuis ua could make a second grab at me I bad struck ,i floor, but, beyond the feeling of tbe sharp eon oussion, I was unhurt. I rose quickly to my feet and looked before me. I was in a narrow and dimly-lighted room. Looking round I saw that the stairway was still open, and that the lower half uf the Ntairs was somehow suspended ' Come in ; there's a good floor ; we shall find something here,' I Bald to Walter. Ho stooped and came in to where I stood. Thou wo slowly advanced towards the end of the chamber. We had only made three steps forward when we simultaneously stopped and gripped each' other. At the end of the chamber stood a huge chest, the massive lid of whieh we could see was raised about three iuches. In front of the ohest, kneeling by it, was a human form, its head and shoulders be-inc hidden by the heavy lid whioh had closed down upon them. One glance sufficed to convince us that the mystery of Silas Redfern's disappearance was solved. We knew that tbe kneeling form, trapped, as it were, by the ponderous lid of the chest beforo us, was the mortal remains of Mamie's uncle. We advanced to the chest and raised the lid. Then we drew back the distorted form, crooked liko the letter S and rigid as steel. It fell heavily on to the boards, with a thud which nearly unnerved us. The chest was one of the massive, old fasbioned structures of! heavy. iron bands, bolts, and solid oak, such as are met with in old country churches as depositories of parish rolls and recisteru. It was nearlv half full of documents, and contained three small bags in which were £297 in gold. Everything was dear as we looked at that huge box and then at tbe crooked form before us, The room was the space under the stairs aud between the other two rooms.The only entrance was that by which we had come. To enable it to be used, the lower part of the stairs bad been made to raise upward, a counterpoise being attached at the upper end beyond the bar which served as a pivot for it to bwiog upon. It was this counterpoise whieh caused the steps to remain suspended in the air after I had first jerked them up. Such light as there was in the room came down from a little barred window in the back wall of the house, whioh »o afterwards found was hidden from outside observation by a skeleton pi^euu-uuuo wibuuuu a ruui ueing suspenuea in front of it, but sufficiently far from the glass to allow the light to enter All the deeds of the fiedfern properties were Tound arranged with scrupulous core in the chest we had discovered. Silas Redfern had used the chamber as his secret room, and had evidently taken the oppoitunity of Mamie and Fordyce being away from tho house to enter it for the purpose of examining some of the papers or of adding more gold to his store. The lid had evidently fallen down upon him and stnnned him, and be bad sunk forward into the chest to be held by the oruel grip of tho lid until death first, and then we, released him. Mamie was legally entitled to everything. Neither she nor Fordyce bad any knowledge or suspicion of the existence of the secret chamber, and what we told them about it made it im possible for either of them to live again in Fir dale Hall. In twelve months Walter Marstqn led Mamie to the altar,and then took her to the new bouse half- a-mile below The Rowans, where Fordyce joined her again. Firdale Hall remained untenanted, and gradually sank into decay. ' It is now used as a granary and for stabling, and the simple folk of the district aver that at times a figure may be seen at the ruiued window at the south corner, and that it is tho ghost of Silas Redfern. 