the federal capital: 'NIEMAND' L\ THE 'DAILY TELEGRAPH' 'A meeting convened by the Mayor last night to re-organise tbe local Fed eral League and advance the claims of thecoutryaDout Sassafras andJervis B*y for the site nf the Federal capiui lapsed for lock of attendance. Mo en thusiasm is shown here about the ames ded bill. Xhe existence of the Brad don blot is regarded as a serious defeat in the bill.' ? 'Come,' said the Mayor, 'turn one, my boys I ' Stand forth and strongly say your say : While all the bind is stunned withnoiss Shall silence reign at Jerri* Bay? Shall Sassafras be mute, or shall It be the Federal Capital? 'Out West, among thegraseloss sand* Wiifere, countless, the dead jumbuctt* lie, Wan residents hold up their hands And feebly toss their hat* on high Upon one steadfast purpose bent — To have a Federal Parliament! 'Lob's Hole has spoken, Jimmy's Creek Has hastened to put in a word ; Goulbum declares iJombala's cheek In coming out is too absurd, And that the nerve of Possum Valley Is really something more than bally. 'What? Shall we lien so tamely yiell There's not a townshin lying low From Albury to Tenterheld Which has the ghost of Buckley's show! Let us demand what's ours by right: Roll up! ril take the chair to-night!' They did not roll— they would not rou. For why? Their simple hearts were pure: They looked towards a higher goal Than AvaricVs glittering lure Of stately buildings crowned with domes Therefore they stayed within their homes I Beside the fires they sternly sat, Below the mutton hams that swung Amid the smoke. They smoked and spat Full sternly at the logs that flung a nicgering glow upon tne noors — They sternly kept within their doors! They said — or if you like, theythought 'This is a cunning bait, but we Are not in such way to be bought From duty to posterity — Whate'r it brings to us of loss, Wo will stand by the Southern Cross! 'We'll not roll up — we'll simply not, At any price we'd sooner die Than sanction this here Braddon's Bloi That Reid was down on last July. We will not move — we'll just keep still In scorn of the Amended Bill.' O sturdy hearts! go ever thus Toiling among the cows and grain, Each man a costal Regulus, Who will not stoop for gold or gain, AU others seeking ends their own, Stand for the public good alone! You're made thejiameof Sassafras Shine as with patriotic fire, But — seeing that nil flesh ia grass — It might be well to here, inquire Would this have all just happened so If Sassafras had Buckley's show? 