The Mouse of Commons Ghost. The London Evening News has been in terviewing Mrs. Milman, wife of the assist ant-clerk of the House of Commons, with re ference to her ghostly double which haunts the precincts of the House of Commons. ' I'lio funny tiling about the story,” she said at once, “is that it iS perfectly true. It has boon going on for years. People are con stantly telling me that thejr have scon mo in places, whore I have certainly nob boon at the timp thojr mention. One of my hohoies is book-binding. X have a, bindery-room at the top of the house. One afternoon a friend Was assisting me, and on taking his leave 'found iho again on the other side of the bind ing-room door! Quito taken back—he said —ho stood aside to let my double pass ,»v I have never seen my double myself, but 1 have heard it. One night when I had just retired to my bedroom, I heard a noise out side the door, and made sure'that there was something there. I went out and found all the doors on tho landing open, X went back and fastened my door by means of a ‘night bolt,’ w'hioh is worked uy a rope from tho bed. The handle of the door was imme diately turned, and the door pushed optp. again, tho bolt being shot bock. I again went out and found nobody there. Then I rang for two of tho servants, my maid at tho top of tho house, and the butler at the bottom. As they came to me I know that they mui.t intercept anyone on the stairs; My maid had soon nobody, but tho butler had just met me coming through the folding- doors of the bottom corridor. One of my govcrncsBca some time ago left mo simply because of meet ing this strange eight so often. Only to-dav a young lady wlio Is staying in'the homP told mo she had soen xno somewhere whoi’j I had not been.’’ Xu answer to a question as to tho age of that part of tho 'building, Mrs. Mlljnan replied tnob rt strange feature of tho business was that tho building wms comparatively modern, a very strange choice of quarters for d ghodt to make. It was re built, of course, m 18d6. “Arc you hot nervous with such a'poculinr visitor about ?’’ Mrs. Milman was asked. “Not a bit,” laughed Mrs. Milman, “It doesn't make the least difference to mo. I have got used to it. In fact,, I havo often tried to waylay tho stranger, waiting for footsteps to come along.’’ 