T HE edccaIiM question. TO' THE EDITOE. Sib—I am pleased that Mr. Cavanagh has joined in the correspondence carried on in your paper; and 1 trUBt he will not be displeased at my pointing out to him the mistakes which were in his letter. In the first place he covered the letter with dust, which I-must sweep away before I can come to the few things belonging to the subject under discussion. The estimable charactei. of the Chief Secretary and the Commissioner of Crown Lands has nothing to do with the matter; I- esteem them for their virtues, I admire them for their administrative ability; but these things are dust, which must be swept away lest it should blind us. The courage of Mr. Kingston, brave as he is, would have failed him to take them into his cabinet if they were not men of talent and able administrators, who though handicapped by religion and nationality, have reached the top of the political ladder. The courage and kindness of Mr. Kingston have nothing to do with the matter, and as dust must be swept away. I must also sweep away the Upper House, great and honorable as it is, I must also sweep from the letter of Mr. Cavanagh that oertain politician who is a trouble to him. Now that I have swept the dust from the letter, I can see what Mr. Cavanagh has written about the matter under discussion. He says that neither the Ministry nor the Labor members are responsible for the education given at present in the State schools. I say the Ministry and Labor members are responsible for it. What is the proof ? The Parliament that passed the Education Act intended that education should be secular, compulsory, and free— free up to a certain standard and to a cer tain age, and when that standard was acquired and that age reached, the State considered it had done its duty to the children. Now, all who have concurred to change these principles of the Act are responsible for the change. Who then have concurred to educate, without payment of fees, boys and girls that have passed the standard and age? The Ministry and Labor members. Who have concurred to provide books and school requisites free of charge ? The Ministry and Labor members. Who have concurred in appropriating the public money to pro vide scholarships for children attending the State schools ? The Ministry and Labor members. Who during the present Parlia ment asked the Ministry to establish high schools, which would be a link between the present ones and the university ? The Leader of the Labor members. Can Mr. Cavanagh,-in the face of these proofs, say that the Ministry and Labor members are not responsible for the change in the prin ciples of the Education Act ? These are the wrongs which I said we should agitate to undo, which words Mr. Cavanagh inter preted as meaning an agitation against free education, a thought too absurd to be entertained. 1 -will now quote from Mr. Cavanagh's letter words, which I trust he wrote in haste and did not consider the meaning of them. "The Archbishop in his address says that the work done was not being done without considerable expense. That expense they bore and bore cheerfully. Let me say, sir, that it is not born cheer fully, that the greatest discontent exists among Catholic parents at the present state of affairs, which is grossly unfair to themselves and children, and unless some thing is done, and done quickly, the com ing generation of Catholics will be far be hind their fellows in all educational attain ments." Mr. Cavanagh impugns the veracity of the Archbishop, and asserts that the greatest discontent exists among Catholics. These are serious charges, in proof of which he does not bring forward a particle of evidence. The Archbishop understood what he said, and stated what was true. He has visited the remotest parts of the archdiocese, he has conversed with his people/he has learned their wisheB. and he has sources of information to guide him in the formation of- his judgment and in the utterance of his statements. Mr. Cavanagh, on the contrary, deprived of those sources of information, charges the Archbishop with a want of veracity. Again, there is no discontent among Catho lic parents, who know their duty to their children, and who give them the best of all inheritances, a : Christian education in Catholic schools, which in many cases have been enlarged to- .accommodate the children coming to them. There may be here and there a discontent whoidpes lit tle or nothing for his religion, who finds fault withbyery thing that is btdngdone, who grudgps.to 'pay For his children .in Catholic schools, and who seeks, out and allies lurnfeelLto any other discontent in his district ; butjtbat:.Ahe Catbolics As a body are discontent I 'dehy, and allSSvill deny who know the Catholics of Spath&ustralia.; The Catholics of the present generation are as efficient in educational attain ments4 fye their fellow-colonists, and it is the policy of the Church to have the future genera tions more efficient. At public examina tions, which aip a .test, of ^educational attainmgi^|fc]he: 5pf^Qafholic chil dren who pass is atleast eiqiialtothe num. - ber of son-Catholics, always. bearing in mind our proportion of ih^pW^atjipii.'. I was at the last annual old- students of the Christian Brothers' Col lege, at which were present representatives of the medical and legal professions, gentle men connected . with the press, and in other offices which require talent and integrity to fill them. Had Mr. Cavanagh been pre sent and listened to the eloquent addresses, he would entertain more cheerful thoughts about-Catholic education at present and for the future. I will conclude this letter by giving the advice of onr Holy Father, Leo XIII., in his letter to the Bishops of Austria and Ger many on the centenary of Blessed Cam sius: " May your efforts never encounter that obstacle which renders vaiu the best in tentions and useless all exertions—dissen sion in policy and want of harmony in action. What can the divided forces of the well-meaning effect against the assault of their united enemies ? Of what avail is the merit of individuals if there bb no common line ot conduct ? Wherefore we earnestly exhort you to put aside all un timely controversy, and all contention of parties, by which division in men's minds is so easily effected, so that all the faithful may have one voice in defence of the Church, bo that all may concentrate their strength to direct it towards one sole end, end all to bring to the work the same good will." Careful to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace. (Eph. iv. 3.) I am. Sir, &c.;, FEEDEBICK BYENE, D.D., V.G. Goodwood, January 25, 1899. TO THE EDITOR. Sib— Incoherent and inconsistent are apt terms to designate the utterances of Mr. Cavanagh. His peean of praise to the Kingston Ministry is too high-strung and foolishly obvious. What connection is there between the Pastoral Bill or the Hospital trouble and the Education ques tion ? Who has questioned the " honesty of purpose," or reflected on the " blameless lives" of the Ministry? So far none of your correspondents. Mr. Cavanagh, in the exuberant and familiar strain of the platform politician, cries out, " Has a Catholic ever appealed to him (the Premier) for justice in vain ? Has he not time after time been their friend and champion ? " What a powerful imagination you have, Mr. Cavanagh. Pray! what injustice have Catholics been suffering that the Premier has already exercised so much clemency F The only injustice they have labored under has been in connection with this vexed education question. Truly, Mr. Kingston did not inflict this upon us, but he has accentuated the evil beyond all forbearance with his abolition of fees, raising of stan dards, and free books proposals, and the Right Honorable gentleman never misses an opportunity of speaking of the State Education, as—to quote his own words— " A glorious system which he hopes will never be interfered with." Intelligent Catholics think differently, and, having suffered long enough, are only asking this Liberal Ministry, possessing such " honesty of purpose," to give proof of their desire to remove our disabilities. What though they feel that they are between the devil and the deep sea on the question. If they lose their titles and their <£1,000 a year, will,they not have our hearty sympathy for having perished in so noble a cause P Mr. Cavanagh is absurdly self-contra dictory. He suggests the futility of any action in these words:—" Everyone must know that even if the Kingston Ministry made the capitation grant a test question to-morrow, there is not a ghost of a show of carrying it." Then, quite forgetfully of course, he speaks in sanguine terms as follows:— " Let a proposal be made that we will place our schools under Government super vision on the condition that we are reim bursed for helping the State to carry out its most important duty, and we have a fair claim that every fair-minded citizen will help us to attain." Notwithstanding the anxiety of Catho lic politicians, and a few weak-kneed sup porters, this agitation has come to stay, and Defence League, Labor party, and Liberal party candidates will have to give a de cided yea or nay within a few months. Your correspondent has a covert sneer at Mr. Giles, which might be passed un noticed if it were not inaccurate. Mr. Cavanagh asserts that he (Mr. Giles) "always at the last session brings this question before the House, and makes it the means of hoodwinking many Catbo lics." Although Mr. Giles may be one of the men of " fossilized ideas," he is in session, and out of session, constantly protesting against the enormous expense of State edu cation. Even ;jsuch an unpetrified politi cian as Mr. CaVanaglv'must sert;thRt the strain on the revenue which education by the^tate entails;- is ifrequentjy :p'rotes$ed against by others/than -Catholice. I am, Siiv &c.;, ■W-.. -r'' J.P.! % TO THE EDITOR. "Sin—As the general elections are draw ing nigh, the burning question amongst all ola88e8 .and„ creeds seems to be tliebapita tion grant, iahd ^e Jiave All ' wiaii, .with more or less pleasure, the views of your numerouB.corwBpondenteontheeub I read much about the Kingston Minis try and the Labor party, and was chiefly attracted by the letter from Mr. R. J. Cavanagh, who having read the remarks of His Grace the Archbishop, and the able letter of Dr. Byrne, as well as your own excellent article on the question, has Anally decided that Catholics have at last aroused themselves from their apathy and slumber, which has lasted so long. I would like to know Mr. Cavanagh's opinion as to the cause of Catholic weakness on this and kindred subjects. I will freely give mine: It is because there are amongst us two different classes of Catholics; one is the fervent, sincere, and patriotic Catholic, ever ready to make any or every sacrifice for faith or fatherland; the other the lip Catholic, who ever and anon has so much to say on every subject, particularly when it costs them nothing, but are always absent on every other occasion, when any thing bearing^ resemblance to hard cash is expected from them. This is the class, which is the sole cause of our weakness, and gives the opportunity to those ranting bigots — popular parsons among their own sects—who are ever slan dering the Catholic Church. I regret that Mr. Cavanagh disapproves of the remarks of His Grace the Archbishop, who asserted in his address that the work done in our Catholic schools was not done without con siderable expense, and was borne cheerfully by the parents. "R.J.C." declares that such is not the case, and that discontent is rife amongst the parents. Of course such parents are to be found, but fortunately they are a very small minority, and belong ing only to the class of half-Catholics already referred to. His Grace knows well what an Irish-Catholic means, and can rest securely on him for conscience sake at least when called upon. Much blame of late has been thrown on the shoulders of the Kingston Ministry and the Labor party, whose honest opinions I always defend anil respect, and having one, I am fearless to declare that the day is far distant when the present Ministry is unseated, and to hope that the strength of our Labor members may be doubled after the next general elections. I am, Sir, &c.;, M. McCABE. Kensington. TO THE EDITOR. Sir.—" The brighter the moon shines the more the dogs howl," says the proverb. In the same manner it is a curious propensity amongst a section of the community to assail by furious clamor and abuse any eminent person who is striving to enlighten the world, no matter in what way he may be doing it. However, it is a sign and accom paniment of a man's success in doing good service to the public Mr. F. C. Staer's letter of a recent day, ostensibly to promote the education question, but in reality to impair, if not to actually jeopardise the chance of the Hon. L. O'Loughlin's return at the forthcoming election, will not do much towards the amelioration of our pre sent condition. It is a pity Mr. Staer was so poorly in formed when he set about the task of abus ing the Kingston Government, and particu larly the Messrs. O'Loughlin, two of the most popular Irish-Catholic members, that ever graced the walls of a South Australian Legislature, and whom he scurrilously refers to as our " alleged representatives." Nearly every schoolboy knows the Kingston Government, did hot paBS the Free Educa tion Bill, but Mr. Staer was ignorant of the fact until your able article on the education question reminded him of the egregious error he bad made. But why, sir, are the Mesers. G'Loughlin made the sole victims of abuse; "V^hat has Mr. Glynn done for Catholic schools any more than Mr. O'Loughlin. I layjiCthing, and unlike Mr. O'Loughlin, he has hever worked himself into a position to. do Anything. What has Mr, Cummins Bone, or what did the late Mr. Gillen do that his successor on the Min-. isterial benches bfts not done. Mr. Staer ha« 'ruh amubk. " Physician heal thyself," ijbuhim. It is well known that when the oppor tune time arrives Mr. O'Loughlin will stand to hiB guns, and stand manfully, but that time has not yet arrived. Let Catholic electors pay particular attention to the excellent and exhaustive letter of Mr. It. J. Cavanagh, and lay its suggestions to heart. It is absolute folly to work at the pump and leave the leak open, and the agitation in Bupport of a capitation grant is, as car ried on at present, useless, and only a means of keeping Irishmen and Catholics out of Parliament. I vcommend Mr. Howard for his spirited letter in defence of our genial representative, and also " West Coast " for his contribution. In conclusion, sir, I might add that when Mr. Staer was a resident of this locality, some eighteen years ago, ne was very indifferent as to whether schools were godly or not, and equally so as regards churches. He is evidently getting wiser as he gets older, and with that fact in view it is a pity that years do not pasB quicker for him. I am, Sir, &c.;, GUY FAWKES. Coomooroo, January 23. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—Your correspondent, Mr. E. J. Cavanagh, says: " To my mind the first duty of a State is to see that every man, woman, and child is educated." I should like to ask him why the duty to educate us should come before the duty to clothe and feed us, and to bear our medical expenses ? We could all conscientiously partake of the latter kind of assistance, while it is not so with the schools: I know a case, which is I suppose one of many, where a poor man, though belonging to a benefit society him self, through sickness in family, dropped in for medical expenses in one year a sum which would pay to educate half-a-dozen children through the primary schools to the University. Why should the State give us free schools before free doctors ? Besides, Mr. Cavanagh knows very well that in all the towns in South Australia the children of poor parents would be educated free of cost if there were not a State school in existence. Our good sisters would make sure of that and they could afford to do so much better than they can now afford to teach free the children of many well-to-do parents in order to keep the little ones from godless schools. To have free State schools in the city and in large towns is an injustice. It is holding out a bribe to destroy denominational schools, while forcing the teachers of those schools to contribute a share towards the destruction of their own means of living. For the State schools are really not free; their teachers are well paid, and the deno mutational teachers contribute towards that payment. To my mind it is our duty even if we cannot "stop free education/? to never let an opportunity slip of entering our protest against it. Mr. Cavanagh tells us not to "be hood winked by cunning candidates who make the capitation grant the means of gettin g into Parliament," and says he has in his mind " a certain politician " who does s). Now, your correspondent ought to know that the capitation grant question has been about dead for the last nine years, and I would like to ask him what politician he refers to P If his allusion is to Mr. Giles, I must say it is simply a libel. That courageous legislator has at all times, first session or last session, both publicly and privately, spoken straight out on the sub ject and used the weight of his influence to bring others to his way of thinking. Earnestly hoping that Catholics will unite throughout the cDttutry" and make one great effort to remove this persecution. I am, Sir, arc. J. J, K. WBilxepleased to note that Mr. J. AV Sweeney, of Louis Street, has been com pelled, owing fcb incirekse of business, to remove to more commodious premises at 48 Hanson Street, where he will carry on his busineBS flB^tihsnuth and ironworker. 