?'??''' -- - ? ,. - * .- ?-- rej- LAWRENCE L. LYNCH; author of 'Shadowed by r Three,',' 'No Proof,' etcl CHAPTER XIX.-^THE REDLANDS GHOST. .r: jliss Cassandra is /very ill at ease on the flay of Hope's visit to ;the sheriff at Lee., The fcjif s silence and moodiness are preying upon |er usually even spirits. When she finds that Hope has been all day shut in her own room, she calls for her wheel, dons her short gfcirts and Alpine hat, and sets off: 'Anything jS better than moping,' thinks this wise lit tje woman, as she spins out upon the high way; inwardly delighted over her steady seat pjid balance. gbe has not meant to go to Bedlands, but Slie finds herself first thinking of Miss Hil ton, and then wheeling in 'that direction; and presently she comes upon Lorna and Loyd; jot speeding over the ground as they used to do daily, but sauntering across the sward I jying between the highway and Eediands. They are at a little distance away, but she I calls her greeting to Lorna across the I'Trora' fence, and through obscuring shrub bery, and the girl at once makes her way to I tlie intervening fence. I 'Are you going to see mamma, Miss Cas eandra?'' asks Lorna, after a few words have tern excluded. 'I hope so. Do go and I &ve; her the benefit of your good sense and practical ideas! We have had a real ghost at last, it seems, and the maids are in a*pan ie find want to leave us. in 3 body.' It is not the best of places for 7a conference; there is a -ditch between the road and the snake fence, and Miss Cassandra makes her reply short and in the affirmative, and passes on, 'to help lay the ghost,' she tells Lorna, and as she goes she adds in- her whimsical Uar, for she is given to frequent and lengthy geif-eommunings, , 'A ghost, indeed. I wonder that the child can care 'to talE,' even in jest, of such unreal horrors as ghosts, when there are things so much worse than ghosts at their Very door!' But. to her surprise, she finds Mrs. Hilton, [too, absorbed in the subject of the ghost. \ She is upon the narrow stretch of lawn ly ja2 between the house and the sandy lake 1 giiore. and so close to the smaller entrance 1 that the two meet almost at the gate, and sUe takes the arm of her guest, and speaking somewhat snore .hurriendly than her wpnt, sirs. 'Come- with me to the boathouse, Miss Cbetwynde; it's charmingly cool there, and no one can approach us unseen— unless, it may be a mermaid. ' Tou are the person of all persons I could have wished to see this day;' aid then, when Miss Cassandra has placed her wheel in security and returned to her side, she repeats Lorna's information. 'Do you know, my friend, that in addition to our other worries we are a bona fide haun ted family.' And then, having gained the shelter and security of the boathouse, the story is told clearly, with no waste of wtttds. And this is the story: A few evenings since the cook came in from a stroll upon the shore with a tale about a strange apparition, seen by her on her way borne— just beyond the gates, in fact. Of course she told the others, and of course was believed by the timid housemaids, and laugh ed at by the gardener and coachman; but the Dext night one of the men saw the. apparition. In fact, it was seen three times before the story of its appearance came to Mrs. Hilton's knowledge. Then the cook and Lorna's maid came to her, much terrified by this time, f The story told by the servants . was the same in each case, except as to the precise ; hpot npon which it had appeared. Extending from the little fishing village— as I it group of fishers' families with /Ujeir tiny I flrttrtg^, Iruilt 'merely for summer -use,rhad I been named — and running around the foot of I the lake, and past the Hiltons' house, is a I path lying at the point where the woody I slope that came down to the lake shore meets the sands of the beach. It is narrow, but many feet have worn it -smooth, and many interests have united to keep it free of obstructions; for the fishermen and their children traverse it by day, finding comfort : and shelter in the trees that shade it on one I side, and their elder sons and daughters make I of it a lovers' walk at night; and day and night it is open to the lake on the one side, ! and shadowed by the last outposts of the climbing wood which goes up and up from this point, growing denser as it mounts high er, and interlaced here and there with tracks; tiny footpaths made, for the most part, by the wood gatherers from the fishing villages ''around the lake.' I It is upon this path, at different points, that j the ghost has been seen — once close by the house, once beyond it, westward in the direc tion of the boathouse, and once farther east ward. But in appearance it was always the same. 'Of course,' Mrs. Hilton says at this stage in the narrative, 'you are looking for an ab surd denouement; bnt listen. I won't trouble you to listen long, ghost stories should be brief. Of course I smiled invrardly at these tales, and, beginning by thinking it a trick of imagination, ended by believing it the trick «f a trickster.' ? . j- — :: ??_/.?..? tors, no doubt?' 'Tou shall hear. Sims, the gardener, is an old man, and full o~f' fancies and superstitions; but Higgins, the groom* is young, strong, and, I thought, not likely to be deceived. Solar ranged with HiggLos to stand guard last night, my Idea being that, for some reason, someone was spying about the house.' 'I see!' Aunt Cass nods sagely. 'I put Higgins at his post on the south-east side of the house, in a. safe and well-hidden nook, and then, without informing .anyone, . I established myself upon -the other side.' 'What! Tou?' ?--??? 'Certainly, I. I believe it's just what you tfoirid have done.'.' In sjate of her uneasl T&5S, Mrs. 'Silton smilek '''; ' 'Oh, , of' ^course, t-^-ut— well— go on, my dear.' ' ' ' ' ..' - .? 'Loyd and Lorna have been so much to fethef of late, and so secluded from the or dinary interests of the nousehold, that by a little sterness I kept the servants from Dabbling in their hearing; and they saw and heard nothing— until this morning. But the ^aids watched in the grounds, in spite of toy commands to stay indoors — very earef ul ?y though, and dose to the house.]- I need J°t prolong the story, but will tell you what 1 saw after Bitting long upon a' camp stool, dose in the shadow of a clump of bushes, Wth absolute darkness and shadow behind ''s. and the lake, the shore, and the open path before. Tou .know what the night was?' \~ ; Tes. neither too dark nor too light, just Arable -for ghosts.' yt course yon'il.seoff. I expect it' '% I won't. Go. on— do!' : '^ell, it Was ne˚ midnight I knew, for joad heard the screech of the *op train' for J*e, and while my- gaze was still upon the path, -or vratfcer the wafer beyond it, 1 tad almost forgotten the ghost, 'when Suddenly a shadow came Iwl^een Myself ana: th^. lake, not ten feet away. It Was the ghost' 'Of course! I)ld It groan?' . 'It did not It seemed to hover just above the earth, not touching, it, andiit -looked like a sheeted figure, long, and absolutely -without movement of form or- drapery, except the slow, gliding progress with which it seemed to float 'past me, and toward the wood.- It was just such a thing as the. others had de scribed, but I was as amazed as if I had never heard of it . It was dim of outline, yet not to be mistaken; and it made a spot of greyish light in the deeper gloom all about it. It moved seemingly ; without effort,. and without touching the path, and it -disappear- ed among the shadows.' 'And— what was It?' . 'If I only knew! I had bade Higgins make no sound, but if he saw the figure to pursue t it, and report to me. - He saw it, but. he, could only say of it, that 'it vanished' before his eyes. Even the girls saw it' 'Do you think it is a trick? Of course it can't be an optical illusion!' 'You put your question strangely Can it be that you believe, in— ghosts?' Aunt Cassandra lifts her head, and her eyes are serious and sincere. 'The fool says in his heart there is no ghost. Far be it from me to set a limit to the Creator's power and will. What do we j know of the invisible world about us! Yes, or of the visible? Was this a ghost? That ! is what we have' to ask!' But Mrs. Hilton shakes her head. 'You have heard my story,' she says, 'now advise me,' r ? '- ?' - 'Am t right, in tMnkihg?;that you do not care to 'have this talked about?' 'Yes; Oh, yes. I think I can depend upon the servants. They are attached to us— de- voted.' 'I believe you.' Miss Cassandra muses for a space, with her chin in her ftflnfl- 'Do you really want my opinion?'' 'Really! What' is your thought?' 'This. If someone is seeking to spy for —any purpose, the person should be found out If it were my ease, I would make some 1 demonstration, as of sending a man about the j grottnds with a light, say for a couple of | nights, as if the object had been seen and there was just a slight alarm.- If it's a«py he will stop for a short time. Then I woul^ji set a faithful watch, and when the intrude^ grows a little bold, I would try and trap him. I would like, above all things, to see this gliding ghost of yours.' 'Come and stay one night -with us, then? I intend to follow your advice.'.' Of course there is much more talk about the ghost, in which the little spinster has taken a strong interest, and concerning which she propounds many theories. But none seem | to fit all the phases of the case, and when she takes her leave her first suggestion stands still as the approved and wisest course. The country roads to the west of ? the lake are many, and in excellent condition, and, owing to the conformation of the land about the lake's foot, and its sloping and wooded boundaries, they interlace at curious angles, j and it is seldom that one need go from any given point and return to it by the same road. MissrChetwynde is in no mind to return home — first, because she has been given some thing now upon which to exercise a brain ra ther fond of interesting problems; and next, because she is beginning to find^the bicycle, her bicycle at least, a very fascinating com panion. Not even the servants know how many of the early morning hours she has spent upon the terrace, mounting, balancing, and tumbling for the most part at first, and gradually mastering poise and pedal, and af ter that direction and speed. ; It is yet early, and she rides on, aimlessly at first and then she starts forward suddenly The next curve will lead her to the cemetery, and she will go there. It is strange how loth Hope seems to visit her brother's grave, at least in her aunt's company. The man from the greenhouse at Lee was to have planted tall roses and white carnations, myrtle, and hardy allyrum there. 'It is not far,' says Miss Cassandra, ac celerating her speed. The carriage gate is closed, but the lesser entrance admits all comers through or be tween its zigzag-spaced parts, and she guides her wheel toward that There has been no rain for some days, and the soft sand takes her foot silently, warmed by the heat of the sun, for here the trees are far apart It takes a fine impression of her bicycle tyre, too. It looks snake-like as it drags its single length along unevenly. As she twists her wheel in and out between the parts, she loses sight of the main pathway for a moment; and then, glancing down its length again, she sees a -woman's figure mov ing on slowly, just a little ahead; she seems to have just entered, for she has only now reached the first of the narrow out-branching pathways. The figure is that of a small woman, scarce ly larger than our spinster, and it is clad in well-fitting but simple black. Thus much Aunt Cass can see as she nears the stranger, who saunters slowly, and at last stops at the grave of a child, standing alone ..beside the path. At the sound of feet upon the gravel be hind her the lady turns quickly, quo with a look -of surprise. 'I ask your pardon,' she says hastily, and she moves back a pace. 'I fancied when I came in just now that I was quite alone-r here.' (To be continued.) 