LIFE ON A QUEENSLAND STATION. \- — — AN INTERESTING DE- SCRIPTION. SOME LIVELY TIMES, [By Iit'DOLi Schmidt]. Our peripatetic pastoral • contributor breaks a long silence by sending us the following interesting account <af life oil a Central Queensland sheep station :— I am on liuthven, away on th Barcoo, in Central Queensland. Here I am the butcher, avid liuthven is the hungriest aud most dilapidated station on the Barcoo Iiiver. liuthven is oi l. very old. An old hand here named March, who was on Ruthvesi when ii was a pup, told ine tliat in it? early daythe station belonged to a Sir SiJney Williams, who was fond of racehor?i s and rum. On racehorses lie spent much money and in ruin much time, so after a few years of those delights, Sir S. W„ as he was called, iravc tliom up. and wa? buriYd a few yards from whore [ am no.T writing this to you. Tlu-n came the Bank, with its small rations and smaller wages, and the Bank owns it still. Diny, draughty, dilapidated little huts, on a small sandhill rising up out of niiics of llat scrub land, with not a drop of water in summer and nothing but water in winter. The manager a man who has spent a lifetime hunting for sheep in scrub, and iu consequence i- yellow and bad tempered ; the over^er is one who never can get you late enough to bed or early enough out. The area of the station is 1:500 square miles, mostly scrub : it runs some sheep and kangaroos, but its ni;.in products are sandflies, fevei and grave-. Besides the manager and the overseer the Bank relies upon thirteen station hands and Providence to try and liml iL'arfJiRi sheep when shearing coiues ronnd. There arc wild horses and caiiligalore on the station. Last week, the middle of March, wa- the annual catile muster, and Uie travelling manager was here. I have not yet found out what a travelling manager's occupation is. Hi' arrives in the night, and all hands thai happen to he at the homestead feel ih.- effects of his presence. Everyone is Sot out of bed, and the butcher has to look after his horses, for he comes ; 1 with a fottr-in-liand. I am sorry 1 can't put duwn the language used by tlie butcher of Biuhveu when the travelling manager arrived at 2 a.m. one day last week—it might conic handy to farmer; in the ploughing season. The cook i- roused up. and unless everyone is made generally uncomfortable the T.M. does not think that his greatness is properly attended to. Although he is always lecturing the mustcrers how to ride a bnelqmnper. he prefers ipiiet animals, so three ancient mares arc specially kept for him. Their names are—the MuUIngar Heifer, about is years old : Possum, about -•> years : and old Sasan, age anything between :>o and 40. lie never wears spurs : but March, wis.) is the oldest hand on liuthven and most likely one of the oldest on the Barcoo river, says that years ago. when old Susan was 20 and in her prime, he rode away on her one day to a muster with a long-necked spur on his left boot. As he did not turn up at tin 1 dam for dinner all hands turned out to look for him. He was found miles out of his road tramping towards the river. Old . Susan had unloaded him. as they say out here. He is always making speeches i and when we got the cattle in the yard before wc were about to begin drafting he said that he hoped wc would show plenty of courage and behave like British soldiers. Of course everyone winked when he wont on to say ] that he would show us young ones how j they drafted scrubbers when he wa; a boy on some cattle station up North. | Now, as the T.M. is well known to have j only come out here 18 years aso, and as he is well up in years, we knew that his i imagination was running away with j him. After we had started a hit, a hitch occurred through some cattle not j taking things kindly, and the T.M , with a waddy in his hand and as white | as a ghost, went int<i the yard to let us j see how a British soldier would do. All j at once some joker roared out—" Look j out Mr. R !"'* The T.M. dropped his j stick, turned and ran like fury for the ; stockyard fence, with one of the j ninstereri behind him, Witile he was j climbing up for dear life, FanvU, one of j the mnsterers, gave him a tap on the j leg with his stock whip. " Horned, by I God " roared out tlie T.M., ana ! letting go his hold went heels over bead I on the other side of tlie fence. Then i everyone looked solemn, except a blackfellow, who is by this time earn iog his : swag to laugh on some other station. ; As the T.M. was coming home in the sulks I was unlucky enough to fall ir. his way, For seeing me going past the office he darted out on me, and catching me by the arm, asked me how £ dared vote for Wiggles, junr. (It was election time then and Wiggles junr. was the Labor candidate). I apologised and said I was unacquainted with Wiggles, junr. He shook a fat finger with three rings, on it at me and said— *-Bv G- , sir ! if I thought yon had voted for Wiggles, junr. L' i sack you, sir: d——n yon, sir, run my horses tip I" Half an hour after he was gone, and everyone breathed freer. There is not much more to relate exccpfc that the baggy boy got lost in going to tiie W.C. which stands about 25 yards in the scrub. He walked round and round for a long time, till all of a sudden we heard scone one calling »nt " coo-eeat the kitchen door, when *e all jnmpel tip bo find his Jills asking wrhereabouus lie was. He does not get tn&cK; timfi^ nojv, Tor if he is name. Although 125.000 sheep may seem a lot, that is nothing to what the station could carry if we had good seasjns here, it is a small territory, close on 500 miles around it. We had some rain and in consequence melons of all descriptions are everywhere oil tlie sandhills ; wild fruits arc ripe and grass grows knee deep. Here grass grow until it is either eaten or withered but there if no water to speak of on most parts of the run. Four inches is nothing here, for it wants at ^the least from seven to ten inches to till dau^. ^ . f heavy rah)S do not come soon it will be indeed a poor lookout. There are many sheep being stolen from here, and the reward for the conviction of thieves I is £10". Several young chaps who are engaged to local barmaids are praying to the Lord to deliver the enemy into their hands, yet they call each other "»Judas," when one tells another h • won'd like to get the reward, i h;ive u" doubt that some ot the Lbvdei: readers would like to be here for a few days ; shooting. Kangaroos, pigeons and | ducks are plentiful, while turkeys stalk | about not iu small mobs, but in fii'tieand sixties. I have never ^en a place ' teeming so with game of many kind*. ; Snakes are everywhere near water li >les. and it is quite a common thing for the ; station calves to get bitten. The heat I has been, as it ahvays is at this time ot * the year, very severe, and we are all glad f that"the cool season is coming along. t"f j there have been much sickness and a iew 1 deaths. i e Rnthvcn Stati-.:i. Queensland. March "J", !*',»'.». 