THE Earl's Granddaughter. Chapter XXI. the dead alive. ' Then I beg your pardon, Cecil, -for keeping it secret from you,' the baronet answered, frankly. ' Once ;or twiceyl was otr the point of taking fyou into my commence, out, to ten <y>u the truth, I was afra'd of being /laughed at t fancied you would ' deem me foolish and quixotic, so I /decided to go on my quest alone.' t Cecil accepted the explanation _i_n fflilence, but his heart was heavy with ;/pain. He had become possessed of the idea that Sir Wilfred had won .(Hilda's heart. thought . was /torture to him, yet he was forced to endure it without a sign of pain. He istood silently,, with downcast eyes, 'unconscious that Hilda nowand then f regarded him with a gravely ques tioning glance, as if in wonder that &he; seemed so calm and cold. U 'My lord,' said Lady Leigh, as she 'kissed the cheek of the earl's grand- daughter fondly, ' I confess Ireely gfthat it was I that designed Hilda's Costume. I knew the resemblance gCould not fail to strike you anyhow, bbufc to make sure of drawing your attention, I dressed her like' the twin j|© Ethel's picture.' ' It was a happy thought,' laughed the earl, ' hut it did not need the aid R/of dress to assure me of hei kinship pto the race. I suspected it as soon I entered the gallery." |f 'What shall we do about Florence?' jj» Asked pretty, timid Mrs. Cour'enaye, feeling a little sorry for the fair im- jjftppstor who had loved her son. ijtf Aylesford .nust take hei away gffrom here to-morrow,' said the earl, ||decidedly. ' I cannot endure --the ot her. I always had seme pjVague distrust of Florence. I never ploved her. I could not force myself The thought of her wicked- HjUxfr ia almoat (repugnant to me. If I c-iuld forgive her all else, I could never pardon her heartless attempt to drown Hilda. ' Who told you that ?' they all cried out at once. For answer the earl related the conversation he had overheard be tween the two gills that morning. Hilda looked distressed, but Cecil immediately confirmed the truth of her accusation against Florence. ' I saw it all through the willows,' he said. ' She deliberately tried to drown you.' ' Oh, how wicked and terrible !' Mrs. Courtenaye cried, with a shud1 der. ' I could scarcely have believed it of Florence, who seemed so sweet ana winning.' ' She has a devil's heart beneath an angel's face,' said the car), with impatient wrath. ' It is a wonder I did not suspect this imposition long ago, seeing ho w Aylesford clung to her, and how fond she was of 'him. But it is all as clear ai daylight now.' ' Is it not possible that the crafty Aylesford may attempt to take Hilda away from you, and deny your claim ?' exclaimed Lady Leigh. But the terrible flash in the dark eyes of the earl augured ill for Ay lesford should he dare to attempt it. The t wlight shado vs were begin ning to lengthen long and dark over the beautiful pictured face of Lady Ethel, and they all adjourned to the drawing- room to discuss the event of the evening in all its bearings. At dinner neither Mt. Aylesford nor Florence intruded their unwel come pi esence. They were conspicu ously absent from the family circle, but their absence boded no good. In ' the dead waste and middle of the night ' the terrible cry of ' mur der' rang through the long, dark corridors of Locksley Hall. Ir a minute all was excitement and bustle. ' They rushed to the eail's room, from whence the sound had proceeded, and found the aged bu hale old man sitting upright in hj tt bed, and grappling with a slender, wiry looking man with bushy black beard and hair. It was. terrible to =ee thi m strug gling so frantically there, the yellow light of the lamp filming fitiully on a huge knife that gleamed in the haud of the would-be murderer. They pulled the assassin away from his victim, and hound h m with stout thonyp, while others cared for the earl, who cried out that he had been stabbed by the villain. ',1 do not believe it is a fatal vound," said Sir Wilfred, who ex amined it carefully, after he had sent off in haste for the nearest surgeon. But knowing how old the earl was, he felt uneasy. He knew he could not recuperate as easily as a younger man. ' Wilfred, tear off the villain's wig 1 and false whiskers,' said the earl, 1 faintly. ' It is Aylesford in disguise.' . Sir Wilfied hast ned to obey hiin, and found that he had spoken true. The would-be assgfigin was Mr. Ay lesford, who crouchim upon the floor shivering with terror, found out in his villainy at last. The earl raised his night capped head and pale face from the pillow and demanded sternly: 'Aylesford, you craven wretch, 1 why did you steal upon me in the darkness of the night and try to mur der me ? ' ' Because I hated you,' was the hold reply, 1 and wanted you dead before y o n- imbecile whim of repudiating your own granddaughter, and taking an impostoi in her place, could be consummated.' ' What, do you still persist in claim ing that Florence is duy Aylesford's daughter ? ' exclaimed Cecil Courte naye, astonished at the villain's hardihood. ' Yes, I do persist in it,' said Ayles ford, unblushingly. 4 Florence is the daughter of Guy Aylesford and Lady Ethel, and I will maintain it with dying breath.' ' Aylesford, how dare you persist in such a wicked untruth ?' cried the earl. ' No falsehood can avail you now, or help your cause. The law will punish you for your attempt upon my life, and I shall send Flor ence away. Confess the truth that | Hilda is my own granddaughter, and you shall go. free. 1 will net hand you over to the law.' » ' 1 will not buy my freedom at the expense of toy truth,' cried Aylesford with a hypocritical air of honesty. ' Florence is your granddaughter and I will swear to it, and prove it before any court in the land. You have ac cepted her as your granddaughter, and you will find it hard to repudiate her now. I will make it so hard for you that you will never succeed in shaking her off.' His evily triumphant tone impress ed them all with a vague- dread. Si«- Wilfred looked depressed and uneasy, Cecil indignant. The earl began to realize that, after all, it might not be so easy as he thought to shake off the vampires that had fastened upon him. The men servants that had come in to assist the earl had got an inkling of the matter, and whispered \- sagely together. The wretch saw that he had gained an advantage over his opponents. ' Yes," he repeated, growing defiant even in his binds, 'persecute me as you may you shall not oust Lady Florence from her place. I swear to maintain her rights as your heiress. You may understand how desperate I am when I tell you that I tried to murder you to night that Florence inherit yo tr wealth to-morrow, and the question of her rights be forever settled. She is'your granddaughter. Make up your mind to that fact, for you cannot alter it, my proud, im perious Earl of Devon. As for Hilda, Bhe is my own child, and I shall take measures to remove her from the path of Lady Florence right speedily.' ' Liar ! ' That single wotd, uttered in a voice of the most terrible rage and dearast hate, came with the sudden ness of the lightning's flash from the open doorway. All eyes turned to ward it. On the threshold stood a( lady — t 11, stately, still young and lovely, though the dark eyes flashing fire be- neathher frowning brow were shaded by waving tresses of silver-white hair. From the sombre setting of her long lustreless black robe, the beautiful white face gleamed ghost-like, star like, against the outer darkneBS of the corridor. ' Liar ! ' she repeated, iu that awful, passionate voice, and Aylesford yell ed out in horror.' ' Has the dead returned to punish me?' ' Not the dead, but the living,' said Mrs. L'fistrange, as she glided into the room and turned her angry face from the craven wretch, while a ten derer light came over it as she went up to the bed and put out her white hands to the earl. ' Papa,' she said, ' it is your own Ethe). I have come home to you. You must forgive me and love me again.' It is Ethel's voice,' said the earl, in a tone of -joy and wonder, as he kissed the soft white hands sho held out to him. ' It is Ethel's face, too; but that man there told me Ethel was dead.' Then his head fell hack heavily on the pillow, his eyelids closed. Lady Ethel uttered a shriek of fear and alarm. Sir Wilfred went to her ' side. ' Ethel,' he said, gently; ' do not be frightened. Your father is weak- Bied by a «light wound, and the shock of joy has caused him to swoon. S'.t down here and teat yourself while I attend to him. 1 think' the surgeon will soon be here.' ' Is the wound dangerous ? ' asked ' Lady Ethel, Irightened by the death- ! ly paleness of her father's face ' No, I do not believe it- is,' he ans- weied. ' I will soon bring him around I think.' ' Let me help you — Wilf- ed,' said Lady Ethel, timidly. That, name, breathed so softly by the lips he loved, thrilled to the core of the baronet's heart. Together they bent over the unconscoius earl, employing every available remedv to revive him. Then site stepped softly out of the w ny as t!»e heavy eyelids fluttered upwaid. B it the first words he said were : ' Ethel, my darling ! ' She came a"d stood by him aL'ain without speaking, fearful of fright ening his feeble strength away if she excited him. He undeistood her motive. After a little he said to her, gently : ' I am too weak to talk to you, deal. Tell Wilfied all you story; it will not hurt me to look at you and listen.' An expression of the bitterest pain swept over the beautiful, mournful face as she turned to the baronet. ' Make it brief if it hurts you to dwell upon it, Ethel,' he said, gently and pityingly. He was trembling from head to foot with the shock of meeting his early love, whom he had mourned as dead so many years. The joy of her repentencejwould haveprostrated him as completely as it had done the earl, but that he had controlled himself by the povt er of a strong and reso lute will. But his heart beat quick and fast as he met the sad and dreary gaze of his dark eyes he remembered as so bright and joyous in the long ago. She looked at the man who crouch ed upon the floor in abject terror, staring at her with ashen face and terrified eyes, as though she were in deed a ghost. ' Ask that man,' she said, trying to hush the vibrating passion in her voice in her tenderness for her father. ' F e it was who murdered my hus band, stole my child, corfsigned me to a madhouse, and finished his work by imposing his own child on my father for mine.' ' Then Florence is not your child ' said the harouet, joyfully. ' No,' Lady Ethel answered : ' Hil da is my own daughter." She is eighteen years old ; Florence is 22. She wa3 a child ol four years when I went torf America with Guy. I re member her perfectly well ' Mr. Aylesford broke into a torrent of fearful curses. The butter, who stood at the foot of the bed, went up to the wretch threateningly, and he subsided into moody silence. Then the baronet said, wonderingly : ' You say that this man murdered your husband, Ethel ? ' 'Yes,' she answered, while Ayles ford's eyes fell uneasily before the hatred in the dark eyes she flashed upon his face. ' He stole my hus band's fortune while Guy was abroad. They quarrelled over it in the private office of the swindler, and her mur dered Guy — murdered him, and hid his body beneath the flooring of the office — then fabricated a lying story 'of a murderous assault and a dis graceful. flight.' ' It is a lie ! ' shrieked Aylesford, furiously, but his eyes were staring with horror, his teeth chattered, his j knees knocked together. ' You have only recently discover ed, this fact, I| suppose?' said the baionet gentlj, his heart, aching with sympathy for Ethel's sorrow. ' Yes,' she said ; ' I will tell .you how it happened, Sir Wilfred. I believed that villain's plausible story ac first, as did others. I went mad with the hor ror and grief of it all after my little dark-eyed daughter was born. ' When my reason returned I found myself the inmate of a lunatic asylum — confined to it for life by my husband's murderer. ' 4 They told me my baby was dead. I had nothing left to live for, so I re mained there for long years, passive, listless, broken-hearted, Jmy dark hair prematurely whitened by grief. At len ?th a fellow-sufferer, a wealthy woman unjustly placed there by wicked rela tives, persuaded me to join her in an effort to escape. We were successful, and she overwhelmed me with benefits. Then, by the merest chance, I found Margery, the maid I brought with me from England. I took her into my ser vice again. 'Last year I went to the Springs for my health. Perhaps you have heard Hilda speak of Mrs. L'Es- trange V Sir Wilfred started. ' Yes,' he said, ' often. But Mrs. L'Estrange and her maid were burned to deatl. in their cottage.' Lady Ethel smiled sadly. 'No,' she said. 'The cottage was empty ; for Margery and I had started South an hour before, by an early train.' Mi . Aylesford, listening silently, with dilated eyes, cursed himself inwardly for the failure he had made of that dark night's work. ' I went South,' continued Lady Ethel, 'in order to get some infor mation by which to circumvent the leirible scheme I had just found out. I hated to leave my daughter whom \- I had so recently found, but I knew I could serve her interests better by going t!i£ui staying. Some vague doubts were forming in my mind. I went to Mr. Aylesford'sfortner office, atid had the flooring removed. Be neath it was found the body of my j murdered husband.' Lady Ethel stopped and buried : her convulsed face iq her hands. If looks could have killed, the glances of execration that fell upon the mur- . derer must have scorched him into smouldering ashes. ! Lady Ethel looked up after a mo- | ment, and went on, brokenly : j ' Armed wirii this terrible dis- covery, I returned to West Virginia , to demand my child at the hands of ! her pretended father. I was met with the news of her supposed death, j Then I came to England, to seek my | father. I. had only just reached here, | with my faithful Margery when I j entered that door a littl while ago.' She paused a moment, then con- tinued, in a fluttering voice : (To be continued.) 