' SonscRiuEit.' — I will look up information you deaire. Yesterday the racehorse Platinum fell on tbe Randwick road and knocked himself about consider ably. ?? ._, Tho next race meeting of the Warialda Racing Club, of whioh an old Maitlander (Mr, W. B. Goddee) is hon, secretary,, will be held on April 19 and 20. !5 Hopscotch may. not make the trip for tbe V.R.C. rneetiDg, for he has been nominated for tbe Stewards' Plato, to be run at Rind wick on tbe same day as is the Newmarket at Flemington. The following scatchings were recorded yester day in connection with the Moorefield February meeting!— Welter Handicap i L»dy Trident. Two yoar-ild Stakes: Ebliss. Kog»rah Stakes: Sir Bowmont. Moort field Handicap: Paequiu, Tho veteran jockey Paddy Piggott, wKb won the Melbourne Cup on Cheater twenty-two years ago, ia now riding and training in West Australia with fair auccese, and ia being given every chance to get into hiB stride again. ' ' Mr. Wai Clift has takeuW.W.C. up a'ftera twelvo months rest, and the good looking littlo son of Can ssoni and Party (sister to Marvellous)' will bo entrusted to Tom Oush to train, but I am afraid be will have trouble with the boree's lega. Thus early has the Australian Jockey Club been compelled to prune the list of bookmakers, book makers' clerks, etc, for violating their rule. ? Twenty-nine clerks have been struck off, sixteen bookmakers (inoludingthroQofTattersall'sClubJ.six trainers, and nine j jokeys. ' The following scratcbings were recorded in Mel bourne yoBterday : — Morloclas and Viscount, all engagements at the V.R.C. Meeting. Viscount was also, ecratcbed for the Oakleigh Puroe; and Legs' was struck out£of the Hurdle Race to be run' at Caulifiold next Saturday. Elsewhere ia thia ifiBue bro advertised paiticulara of special train arrangements whioh have been made ia connection with the raco meeting to be held at Singleton on Thursday and Friday; and which promises to be one of tho most successful reunions held there for several years. ? At the annual race meeting of the Walcha Picnio Raoe Club on Thursday last, D. St. Clair rode the winners of the Maiden P. ate, tho Trial Stakes, tho handicap for ponies and galloways, the Bracelet, tbe Grans-fed Flutter, and was second in the Eiiropambela Handicap, which, it must be confessed, wnB a remarkable afternoon's work in the saddle. Norton rode Becond to St. Clair in three events. . In the Melbourne betting market during yester day 7 to 1 was taken about North British 'for the Ndwmarkot Handicap, but in tho evening about JC7C0 was laid at 8 to 1, whioh price was on off or at the close of businesp. Bar onp, 100 to 6 was on offer, Rogainod and Voncda having boon backed at that price. Hymettua was in good demand at 100 to 5, which price was offered against Dozon, Reaper, Beachcomber, Alix/ Hopacotob, and Stand Off. For tho AuBtraliia.Cup, wagers of 500 to 200 wero booked about Bobadil, £350 to .£50 about Waita Bit, 2000 to 200 about Loe- Metford, and 1000 bo GO about Lo Var. , , , , Somo well minded ladies aud gontlemen started a Social Improvement Society for the {boys in. a ' Bportiug suburb, in whioh were a number of raoing stabloa. Approved booke and parlour garuoB wero duly provided, and one evening the looal curate, entering just bb one of the lads closed bia book and roBO from bis seat, said, ' Well, my boy, what have you been reading.' ' Amlefc,' came the terse reply. ' Ah, Shakespeare's mastorpiocu, the stupendous creation of an incomparable genius I Now let mo tost your memory. Whero was Hamlet when ho bow hia father's ghost P' '.Yor liok mo there,' said tho boy, Boratahing his head, ' bvt iL's enny odds 'o waa Roin' to a Bornppin' match earlier in the evenin', 'cob don't yer mind 'o aak'cd th' othor bloke if 'o was goin' to 'old ther watoh I1 Two important; eculling match ob are just now attracting considerable attention in tho Nowoastlo district. Tho first of these will tako plaoe nt Raymond Terrace on Saturday afternoon noxt, whon Troflflider aud Worboya will moot in light skiffs for XiiO a-aido, Worboys beinc conceded a handle ip of ilOlb. Tresaidor has been training on tho Parramatta undor Iho exporionced care of Chris Noilaen, and ia repotted to bo vory well, whilst WorbojB has dono hia broathingB, I under stand, at the L'iko undor tho cyo of Tod Chapman. Betting will probably bo very brisk over thia con test. » A fortnight later a matoh for X50 a-sida will be rowed over the Torraco courBo botweun Mans field, who by many poreons is regardodastheoomlog man, nud Croese, who has occasionally shown excellent form, nnd who has been prepared for. this race by tho veteran Charlie Messenger. It Is also reported that immediately George Towns returned after his visit to England Tressider's friends will bo prepared to back their man to row him for a large stake, and thero ia but vory littlo doubt of their being accommodated. The following about Sir Henry Hawkins, whqi is known in England as ' tho hanging judge,' and who is a member of tho Jookey Club and n oonet»nt attondant at raoo meetings, is not half bad:— On one ocoieion at Newmarket, Lord Falmouth was running two horsos in the sntne raoe. His odours were magpie, aud it was determined by way of distinotlon to run tho sooond horso in blaokoolours. The jooltoy was. rondy, but minuaift oap. At that moment the vonerablo judgb was seen coming out of the birdonge.' ' Wo are all right now,' said Fordham. ' Hero's Harry Hawkins i he is suro to havo a blnok oap in hia pookob.' On anothor occasion Hawkins, who was oltan shavon with a hard, stern exptcssiou, wan travelling homowards by rail from a rfloe.mootliig \yhon_ there ontored two rough-looking Londou mngemaa into tho oarriago whore the jndgo ^ was sitting alono. Tho train started and tho oonduots of tho intrudors boonmo so threatening that HtwkinB, wishing to deter them from vlolonoe nnld 'Do you fellows know who I am P'' Ode of the men looted at tho judge a moment, changad oolour, and exclaimed 'Bii'mo, Bill, if it ain't a blooman prize fighter 1' and thoy hurriedly left Hawkins alone in Us glory at tho next station. . . j Saturday's lanuo cottoned ? n paragraph about Touobstono, and I am much, mistiilron if fuitbor vreforonoo to tho son of Caniul and B+nter, who.ia One of tbo grentcst pillars of tbo Stud Book, will not prova . Interesting, particularly as I lay ' The Druid' under tfibuto for the details. Master Houry (who waB by Orvlllo— MIbs Sophln), tho siro of Touohstonu'd dura, was embalmed in Sam Day's momory as boing ono of hia favourite platore, and oBpecinlly groat in mud. John Sotti, tho famous trninor, had nover booh Toitohntono till tho Llvor piol St. Logor, whon tho brown made hia own running, and was lioaten by Qenornl Chiisro. The oolfc was thon na flit m a bull, but still Birdlime and Inhurltcr, who bad jiiBt bonten Physician, nt 32lb for tho two yearn, in the Cui-, won; behind him, nnd thia ehcouragml Soott to tell Lordn Derby nnd Wilton that ho could win tho St. Logor if ho had him. Thu new pnrtnornhip b(!K»ri uuauKpiolously, na 'i'ouohatono wns put in tho ohnrgo of u druuken ftroom to walk to Yorkshire, nnd gob looao on tho Lancnnhiro moorn for liotirv, whom n Bailor onmjhrj him nnd took him to Hholllold. Aftor nuch negloot ho arrived nt Malton in a painfully weak eUte, nnd n courco of Poruvlan boric hnd to bo roanrtod to boforo thoy darud to work him. Wbnh with this and bin jnundiao John Scott aoldom hnd a horao whioh required, no much dootoring. A toaord ol .tha calomel nnd other drugs which ho swallowed would form a portion of Whitehall history as remark able as tho recovery of its Prince Leweliyn, who ariBwered to the old ale and port and won two races after be had been covered up in tho stall as dead, nnd hia grave hud boen dug in the paddock. Touchbtoue bad hia final polish at Hambleton, and Bb Bill Scott decided after the trial to ride Lady Ib Groo, Darling was applied to for TouchBtone. However, Lord Sligo hud been beforehand, nnd Sam weighed for Bran, nnd lonir afterwards declared that Touchstone stopped to him at the finish, while Bob Johnson 'dodged backwards and forwards on Cliaete, before ue and between us, nil over tho course.' Still Camel's son won the red nbaud, nud although ho failed occa sionally he wna in grout form aa n five-year-old nt Afioot. His near fore- ankle «u-3 never very good and even in hia first Ascot Cup race it lind almo3t riaen to the dignity of 'a leg.' I|B chanc9 of rising to it wns furthered by the wild notions of tho man in charge, who per siated in doctoring it during John Scott's nbaenoo with hot oilB instend of coding lotion. Although handicapped thus Touchstone, was successful, and John Scott could not resiet the temptation after wards of sending hie compliments to tho Ecoptioal Joe Rogers, who had expressed n detarmination to eat the horse if he won, nnd asking how ho should like him cooked. Touchetonn was a peculiar horse in every way. He bad very fleshy leg?, and turned his hocke out bo much, an t went so wide behind thnt a barrel could havi I' 'en got between hia logs when bo was galloping. U j went with a straight knee/nnd in short ho was nearly tho oddest goer that e7en cleared its pipes on Langdon Wold. Ho waa desperately lazy nt exerciao and could hardly be kicked along o,n most daye. Aa a beginner be did not excel) but had fine spoutl and no horse pullod harder. If ho wae at nil stale it would never do to squeeze him, fir ho would swerve to the left like a shat^ Ho jutt lived into his thirty-flrat year, and although that wondrous kind notion in his walk rather failed him arid he was quito wasted over tho back and loins ho could wave his fins and march vory proudly round hia courtyard nt Eaton. His feet were tnkon off with tho grontor part of bis . mano nnd tail, nnd hia remains wore buried in tho middle of the stnble-ynrd. Among his earlier stock may be mentioned Surplico, tho beautiful Orlando, tho brothers NewminBtor and Nuunykirk, Cother stono, Assault, Juliet (who gave U3 Sylvia, dam o£ the never to bo forgotten Goldsbrough), Lugar, Flatoatoher, Ciuizelli, etc., and his sister Pasquin ade was great grand-dam of old Gibraltar. In fact the majority of our groit horaea have a strain or two of. Touchstone in them. : Thk Vagrant. 