THE ROMANCE OF YARRA GARBA. (By ,A.R.R.) CHAPTER II. Kenneth Gordon had been married for some years. Years during which he had changed a little from the boy we knew of yore. His nature, though still genial, had been toned down by a bitter disappointment. He thought his ideals were all dead, whereas they but slumbered. Being the man he was, there were no half measures in the attitude he assumed. His wife, early in their married life, had con vinced him of the very secondary part he held in her estimation. Society, dress, .and luxurious living came first, and then, because he made these things possible to her, Kenneth was allowed a corner in her scheme of existence. He had become vaguely conscious of this even during their engagement, but he had some very hard and fast ideas of honour, and had he really faced the possibilities of the situation, would still have considered himself as much bound as though the marriage had taken place. Had it been a woman whom silence wronged he'd probably have broken it and uttered that which lay hidden in his soul. As it was he knew Myra would look upon such a proceeding as dishonourable in the ex treme; that to her the breaking of the engagement would be a tragic social contretemps nothing more nor nothing less. Now he occasionally wondered, es pecially when he realised that his chil dren and he were so wide apart, if that contretemps had not been infinitely more justifiable than a mistaken union. Nevertheless, having chosen the latter, he scorned to whine over it. He paid his wife all .the defe'ence and respect she failed to render him, and he tried to win,his children's love, wondering with a pained surprise why they re garded him as alien. As their mother spoilt the youngsters Ken. was forced to exercise his authority-he looked upon it as a disagreeable duty which could not be shirked-and it added to his bitterness that harshness should be necessary. Whilst Myra invariably counteracted his influence by consoling the children with caresses and presents -not as rewards for repentance, but as salves to what she considered their outraged feelings. Altogether their home was not.exactly a haven of rest and peace. Ken. did his best, however, and, not having been tempted greatly to swerve from the "right path," he naturally stayed there. At this juncture of affairs Mrs. Gor 'don one day approached her husband with an open letter in her hand. "Kenneth, Barbara Donne will arrive to-morrow." "Eh.?' looking up from some writing. "What is that, my dear? You expect a visitor?" "Yes. Didnt I tell you before? I invited Barbara Delne down, and want you to go .to the station for her.' "Barbara Denne," musingly; '"the name is familiar. I suppose I have heard you speak of her." "Oh, I daresay, though I have not seen her since we were married, and she ,was ;Quite a child :before--rather a dreadful girl, I remember; used to give everybody the boenfit of h.er very crude opinions I hope she has grown out of that habit. Well, you will meet the 6.30, will ,you not? You'll easily pick Batibara out. Anyone," with a languid dissatisfaction in her voice, "could tell a town-bred girl amongst the people who usually alight at the stations here aboutsl" "Alright," answered Ken. cheerfully, all the-,time ;thinkling it .an awful nui sance. The next evening he paced up and down the station platfaorm analysingthe ghosts of certain dead and gone sen sations. He thought, by some strangs connection of events, of the tete-a-tete drive he and Myra had taken long ago, of his trepidation and her self posses sion, of the accident at the gates, of his subsequent passionate admiration for the girl. He wondered a little as we always wonder at a sensation which has become dead beyond resurrection. If his wife were to break the chain of Prometheus now he could not feel for her that admiring homage again. A long course of petty disillusions had killed for ever such a possibility. He was so deep in his thoughts that he stood awhile after the train had come in and the passengers were moving about, not minding the bustle about him. But suddenly he .thrilled, Pnd a light flashed to his eyes. ."Can you tell me if anyone is here from Yarra Gabba?" a girl was asking the stationmaster. "13ah! it must be another ghost. I must be getting sentimental," thought Ken., as he came forward to declare himself. "Are you very tired?" he enquired, after the introduction was over, "be cause we must stay at the hotel for dinner. It is a long drive to our place." "Oh, no, thank you; I shall feel quite fresh after a wash and some dinner. How are Myra and the children? You. know I love childi'en. I intend to be great friends with yours." Ken. smiled, then sighedi "I am afraid you will find them spoilt." "Oh," impulsively, "what "apity'" Then, afraid she was ratherrude, "but perhaps-that is only a modest deprecia tion of your own possessions.' . "No; it is the truth. Somehow 'we haven't managed to strike upon an in fallible method for training children." "Has anyone? For my part I hate infallible methods for anything. But one needn't spoil children. I think a little firmness, a little tact, and lots of love seems to be the only things neces sary in dealing with them." "We can always theorise," answered Kenneth, gently; but in practice things are generally more complex." "Yes, that is true; and their com plexity makes it infinitely difficult to deal with them, unless one goes at it in a brutal way, regardless of subtle side issues, intent only on reaching the big sores. Then, of course, every body suffers. But I am not sure .that it isn't best. However," laughing a little, wistfully,' "it is all pure theory on my part, you know. I have only to do with the shaping of fify own life. Though even that is occasionally a trifle complex." "Do you know," remarked Kenneth later, as they were driving home, "I seem to know you before. Your face and voice are quite familiar." "I don't recollect our ever having met," replied the girl. "Though I was 'out,' as the phrase goes, when you and Myra were in town during your en gagement. But somehow we were never introduced. I was at a ball given in your honour, too." Like a flash the memory of wheie he had heard and seen her came back to him. He felt a curious elation at the knowledge. "Oh, I remember you," he exclaimed. "You were enjoyixigyourself so heartily that one could not help but notice you." "Yes; it was my first ball," and a re gretful note crept into her voice. "You speak a little sadly. Has the power of enjoyment left you already?" "No, oh, no, only it takes a different form nowadays. Somehow I care less for social pleasures. They are mostly so full of shams, and jealousies, and pettiness. When I can forget these 1 enjoy myself. Other times I take my pleasures in a way that savours more of simplicity." "Such as-?" he queried. "Oh, various ways. A day in the woods with some children, a country ride on a fast horse, a few hours soli tude on the ocean beach, an hour or two's chat with someone whose tastes are akin to my own, or a long excur sion into the works of my favourite writers. I find these things have a much more beneficial effect, physically and mentally, on me than the most brilliant social function. The reaction from the latter is always so prosaically painful. One feels that 'On earth there's little worth a sigh and nothing worth a tear.'" "You read Adam' Lindsay Gordon?" he cried, delightedly. "I love his writings- poor fellow!" she answered, with a sigh for the poet's end. "Don't you think there is a great fascination in the melancholy strain which runs through the literary worlk of a man who is conscious of failure in his personal life? The failure gives him a power that I do not think any success could bestow. Were I a writer I think I should recognise that to have big successes I must have big failures." "But we are so small," he replied. "I doubt if any of us would forego our little humdrum happiness for the sake of even the most tremendous abstract success." "Probably not; but the choice would be taken out of our hands to a great extent. Fate-circumstances-what you will-places us in the position best .calculated to develop latent faculties." "Then we need not make any effort at all ourselves." "We need make every effort. For even with fate pricking us to fresh ex ertion at evei'y turn we can choose still to indulge our mental stagnation." "Then," he said, moodily, "you be lieve when we are conscious of having made serious mistakes in life that we ought to console ourselves with the re flection that those mistakes were ne cessary for our development?" "No, I didn't mean that, quite. I was speaking of men of genius who, under happier circum'stances, might never exercise their genius. With us lesser mortals I think our mistakes are very.often millstones round our necks, capable of crushing the very best that is in us. The tragedy of our lives is caused by our mistakes." "What a lot you have learnt for a young girl," he said, curiously. "Yes, because I have made a few little mistakes, and just avoided mak ing a very 1ig one." Ken. thoiught with bitterness of how he had avoided the little ones and plunged headlong into the big. He felt a sudden desire to know of Barbara's escape." "Will you tell me about ' it?" he' asked, gently. "I suppose it is imperti nent to ask; but I do not look :upoli you as a stranger, and it is good some times to know people who. have a sufiitient grasp of their destiny to avoid mistakes" . l3arbara was silent for a momnent. She never let people peer into the re cesses of her life. She held that there were a few subjects which should be kept absolutely sacred to oneself and the one other who in all the world would understand. The iconoclastic forces of her age had not yet succeeded in robbingher of that theory; therefore, whvien this man asked in his full, sad voice-a voice suggesting to her ears great depths of pain and joy-to be told something of her Inner life she hesitated. Any other time she would have refused, lightly'but firmly. Now, ;however, words rushed to her lips, and it was with an effort she kept them back. Then, because she had a faith in the righteousness of a woman's natural impulse, she let her theory go, and spoke. "One thing," she said, "I have always cpung to all my life as a cherished ideal.. Ever since I was old enough to search my own mind for hidden stores I have found this ideal overshadowing all the' rest. It has given me a sense of dignity and restfulness. It has made me feel pity instead of scorn for the shallowness of the world. It has made me willing to rejoice in sorrow, to take the bitter with the sweet, and to be patient unto death. I have felt tired-- oh, so tiie:i!- sometimes of waiting for it to fructify, but my faith never wavered, and I did not anticipate that I might be mistaken in the means whereby my seed would spread its roots and blossom into flower." She had spoken slowly. Now she paused, her eyes staring out into the night. "And this seed," murmured Ken., an odd little tremble in his voice; "what is it?" "Oh, it is as old as the hills; though, to the sorrow of the times be it said, it has-lately fallen into desuetude. It is the belief in the true union; in the marriage which is inevitable and as predestined as the course of stars providing we do not wilfully debar our selves from it To my mind there is nothing grander in God's universe than such a union, and to see men and women with that glorious possibilty before them compromise with a lesser fate makes me wild with regret. Be lieve me it is such compromise makes this earth a place of vice. What can you expect from the offspring of men and women whose love for each other is a second-rate, politic, commercial sort of article?" She had spoken hotly. Ken. winced a little. "But you speak of those who wilfully debase their truest instincts. What of those who have been mistaken?" "Don't you think," she said, gravely, "they see the mistake before it is ir remedial, and refuse to acknowledge it?" "But acknowledgement may involve suffering to others." "One other, perhaps," she retorted. "But persistence in such an error may involve may others in suffering far more injurious than that one would feel for a time." "But cannot a mistake be left behind one after a time?" "Some can-not that I speak of. A man or woman's only course, having made it, is to abide by the results, re cognising them as his or her own fruits." (To be Continued.) 