Hope the Hermit. I,,, CHAPTER I. For Borne time tbe infant bad made do sound whatOTer; it bad, in fact, been violently jogged to sleep bj its father strode down tbe steep track from Watendlalb. Once it oroeseri his mind that perhaps it had been stifled be neath his cloak. Ho pnnsed in a olenriog looked at it. In Ibe cold, p»lo light tho tiny face was like marble. Surely the ohild was dead I He felt qnito kindly towards it for having relieved him from a pieoo of work very little to bis taste. Bot oven ass ho looked a smile fliokered orer the face of tho sleeping child, and it stirred a liny yet vigor ous-looking fist. With a muttered ourse he flung; the cloak OTor it, and agaia strode on throngh lovely Borrondale, with its stately trceB and craggy mouotaina, acd its rivers gleaming like a silver thread in Ibe moonlight. \- I ought to have hired some ruffian to do my diriy work,' be reflected. ' Yet then there is always the rink of betrty&l;, A ft or all, if I christen tbe imp first it will but translate him to Paradise. I'll get down b; tho river as soon as may he. Old Father Francis once told me that lay baptism was valid, bat I'll warrant he never tbongbt rf tbe biptisor drowning the ohild tbe next minute' He laughed grimly, but there was, nover tbeles, a siok feeling at bis heart ; be shivered. It seemed to him that the littlo nnoonsoious babe was drawing oat all his vital heat, it lay so warm and peaoeially on his arm. Waging an uncomfortable- debate within himself, be strode on until he oould seo the outline of Castle Orag just aoroBS the rivor, while not far from him on the hHlsido to the right was the huge detaohed piece of rock known by the daloB-folk aa the Bower Stono. He must go no farther or, as he woll.knotr, be should oome within sight of tbe tiny hamlet of Grange. . The piece of work he so dotested tnast bo \- done without any more dolay. Quitting tho rough male track, he bent bis stops to tho left and climbed down to tho riverside, do positing bia bnrden on tho grass, and rotno viag the mantle, ivliiohhad been folded abont it. Boiling this into a tight bundle, be hid it in the -hollow trtink of an old oak tree, ' and paused for a moment to remove from beneath bia doublet a miniature whiob huDg there. 1 I'd better throw this into the Derwent,' he reflected, ? or else bury it here. If Luoy's suooeasor were to come across it her jealousy would be up in armi, and she would gob at the whole truth by hook or by crook.' In the moonlight he .glanced for the lent time at tbe sweet,, girlish face, and with a stifled sigh thrrjBt the miniature under a flat stone beside the oak, to the great disoom ? fiture of the ants beneath it, Then lifting the sleeping /ohild onoe more, he- etepp~6d down to the water's edge. 1 What shall I name tho imp ?' ho thought, 1 It's'a matter oi little momont. I willnarao him after the river wbioh is to carry 'bim to ' Paradise.' , And bending down he eprinklnd ? tbe child's brow, hastily muttering tho words 1 Derwent I baptize thee, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' He had hoped not to rouse his little son, but at the first touoh of the cold water tho infant awoke ; ho oould have sworn tbat it looked up at him with Luoy's eyes— that tho tiny faoe of the new-born babe was) the face of tbo wife he had neglected. Something in its helplessness and innooonoe appealed to him strongly. - Ho oursed bis own weaknosf) but he oonld not, bo be had intended, drown this little dofenceleBi mortal. 1 There aro' tilings 0 gentleman^ cannot pot bis band to,' be said to himself, with 0 Boolbiog sense of his innato roGnemont. 'I oannpt do it, I will only leave bim hero by the river.' A.nd without any more delay bo put tbe ohild down on tho wet grass at the foot of a silver birob tree, and turned to go, pluming himself on hiB forbearance. ;' Like so many, he failed to see that it is often more cruel for a parent to desorfc a child than to murder it outright — that deser tion is in fact, as a rule, only marder long drawn out. Witbont onoe looking back, be turned away to regain the mule track, wben suddenly.be paused, rooted to tbe spot by. overmastering terror. Wbat nneartbly tumult was tluB which greeted bim 1 On tbe moun tain- Bide, , above the Bowder Stpne, there came the bloid onrdling sound of.thatmy aterioni phantom hunt wbiob he had board of in his boyhood. Tbe ' barfoot stag ' had made its way through Watendlath'tarn, and was now plunging down in its headlong ooorse to Borrowdale. - Ho oould hear the awful, baying of tbe phantom bounds and tho rushing of many. feet; nay, there came a moment wben ho oould hear tbe panting of the. stag oloae beside him. ' Then he could , endnre tbe mystery of it no longer, but fled to Rosthweite, running the faster bebauBe a wailing, piteous voioo rang in his ears, and be knew that tbo phantom hunt' must be plunging into the Derwont at tbe vory place where bis biby'son lay helpless and forlorn. CHAPTER H. Now it obnroed that tbe worthy ownor of Isel Hall— one, S|r Wilfrid Lawion— vvTi'o had great poBs^Bsiona in Cumberland, and owned part of Barrowdale besides St.Horr bert'a Isle od Derweotwatrr, had come to' spend a few weoki at his summer honee on tbe island. He, waking ctrly and seeing tbat the day bid fai' to be Btill and olon)y—-just suoh a day as Issak Walton commends to anglers — ordered his gillie to make rnady tho boat, in whioh tboy rowed from 8;. Hor bert's fslo, and tbo water beiog high, aftpr much rain, mado their way up the rivbr within sight of Grange Form. ' Haying fostenod the bout to an asb tree, Sir Wilfrid in his fhhiog boots strodo alonp; tbe bank iotho dirootion of Oaatlo Crag, and bad just landed bis first trout when Diokon, the gillie, camo hurrying back with oonuter nation in bis face. ' Sir,' bo said, J thortj'a a strange cratur over yonder — an unonnt-y oratur, that makes o soond betwixt 0 lamb's bleat *nd tbe hootin' of an owl.' Sir Wilfrid laughed. ?Go. and bring me- tho strange thin?,' be said. ; ? ? ? But Dickon hesitated... ' Woel, sir, the orator's unoannyj miybo it would bewitch us. I will feloh ' '- j you order it — but— I've, no liking ? ???' /'.^- j ' Come, come,' s»id ;,« koight. .-?'?lii *'?? . ! beard of bngloB sftcr tonriae ' ' ; .-.*. ; the monster. Where is it ? *?'$ DickoD, glsd to bo qnit of ';. .?-????. fetching this strange thing, 1-: ' ' ' ; j few hundred yards up tho rivor - ???? , iutsa across to the further bank, whore, under b birch tree, wasanhi'e bundle whiob certainly justified hie description. Sir Wilfrid strode bohhb from boulder to boolricr, waded throng!) the shallower part of tbe river, and slopped on to tho farther shore. His companion, mado bravo by his example, followed cloeojy in bia wake. ' Why, God preaerve us I ' exolaimed thb knigbt. ' 'Pis a sew-born babo, and Bomr ouo must have deserted it hours sgo, for tl 0 poor brat is half dead with cold lying in this heavy dew. Dutter hive drowned it outright than havo loll it 10 snftor like this. Dickon, ashamed of his fea*-, ventured now to pick up tho poor iittlo mortal, whuss wailing b»d obillod bia blood, 'This be no gipsy's child, sir,' he said. 1 Sen, its swaddlin clothes be fino and soft.' The knight looked perplexed. Had they been noor any high road ho could have under stood it ; but a deserted child in Barrowdale, whoro travellers bardly over ventarod I This was n mystery indeed. ' Well, wo can sourcoly hope to traok tbe parents,' be mid, ' »nd. anyhow we must first entry thifi poor littlo imp to some shelter. Porhapa Anno Fiehor at Grange Farm would soo to it, Sbo has an infant of hor own,' ' Nay, sir. it died tbreo days since, and I heard AgncH say that hor mother was to nurse Mistross Radcliffe's infant,' To be continued. 