T'-e 'Apparatus' Can Lie. PJiotographea-s, t'specially amateur photographers, will tell you that the camera cannot lie. This ouly proves thai photographers, especially amateur pho tographers, can ; for the dry plate can lib as badly as the canvas on occasion, and Is actually more pernicious because of its undeserved reputation of veracity. »t no iH/sKs me i-aii Man Gazette i would believe a ghost, story on the un corroborated evidence of a. painted pic tuw V Yet i\ pbotngiuph of a house at Hali'sowen. taken a. few days ago, In cluded die likeness: of: the Wealthy lady who vacated: it .,six. months back. ' As she vaijatedUt for ttie ; churchyard, the plate approprlatplst ( enough 'exhibited her dressed in afshfoud r and so con vincing wafi.tfclst.vjry counterfeit pre seuluieut that,- q. . regular -.ghost scare broke out, and (yjveral women averred that they could see the dead lady at the window. -)n Saturday It was dis covered that it wiis'aJl due' to some flaw in the photographic apparatus, just as In a very similar case at Ipswich, Eng land, some UnieT-ago. There the view represented a backwater off the River Gipping, aud iu the water there was clearly outlined, a. drowned female figure— waist, bust, features, hair and all. They actually dragged the river to see what they could flnd, and found nothing. Curiously enough, a woman was really drowned at that very spot a few weeks later ; so that Ipswich pho tography seems to be as previous as Halesowen is retrospective. ? M. Worth is said to have made close upon a million out of his gowns. Titled people are not always leaders of fashion,, as many «eetu to think. A certain countess is said to . dress so plainly that on one occasion she was asked by a gentleman at a fashionable gathering to * fetch him a spoon— he thought she was $. housemaid ! More ! over, she did so, and treated the whole I thing as a joke when the gentleman dls j covered his mistake. Another lady was j told in a stage whisper, by a waiter, to l eat her soup wlcb a spoon only, he evi I dently thinking she was strange to the | manners of u!fra-fasbionat-le society judging by her plain dress that she was a nobody : but the lady, often tells this to her friends, and makes light of the clr , eunistauees. 