Deal or fe! K CHAPTER XII. f CONTINUED.! 1 "rtjTJT,' Oliver Smith went on, xD ' I'll throw it up, and wild horses sha'n't get a word out of mo — nor out of Isaacs or Darker neither, for they do ail I tell 'em. But, if I'm to go on with it, I must know exactly what I am about. And, to speak Gospel truth, I don't see my way to get the family out of tho scrape. I' re great respect for you, sir, and, if you're interested in 'em, let me give it up. I'd really rather do so— 1 would indeed.' Mr." Pole looked grave, as well he might. ' You see, sir, there's a clever hand in the thing, whatever it is,' cpntinucd Oliver Smith, almost apologetically. 'I'd rather not take it up, anyhow — it's too puz zling ; to me there seems some- ming very mucn iiko perjury in — 'You have no right to disbe- leive the evidence given by Lndy and Miss Gauntlett,' said Mr. . Pole siernly. ' I should say at onoe,' Give up the case, most certainly I — but such a stop has this disadvantage. Gossip has dealt pretty freely with honoured names already. The very fact of your being here will shortly be, if it is not so already, the talk of ithe county. Your departure will create a false impression.'. ' Not if it is thought that wo are leaving to seek Sir Lionel whore it is of courso possible he may ho found, Mr. Polo.' V. Roy Polo rose and paced tho Toom. Never in his life had he been more perplexed in mnkiog .up Bis mind how to act, beoause perhaps never before had ho felt himself looking at such a situa tion from any other than a busi ness point of view. After a few minutes' consider ation, during which Smith re mained respeolfully silent, he de- oided to temporise. By degrees it might be necessary to become more confidential with this man ; at the same time something might occur at any moment to place Sir T.iATial'a nharnina in o nnw li'nltf ;A waiting game, especially where there was a mystery, could but he a safe game. So he arranged with Oliver Smith to remain at the Court for thej' present, taking no active measures which . would lead to the supposition that any member of the household was di rectly or indireetly suspected. Ho was merely to keep his eyes '' open, while Isaacs and Bnrker \- wore actively to pursue the trail which seemed to consist of a lost fusee-oase and of the alight evi dence of the railway official. No gentleman had came forward to efnto that he was the individual who started that morning by the early train, and the ticket carried ,by the travoller lmd boon dulj .preaontod at tlm London terminus. That was nil that could he said. — - <W e will advertise in tho Times, as Sir Lionel requested,' said Mr. Pole, So Isano3 went to town noxt day with an advertisement, which was duly inserted in the "agony column," "To L, G. — All, everything yqii wish shall he done, Your commands are 6aored to your lov- ine ar.d sorrowful "A.G." Lady Gauntlett wrote the lineB herself, and after words broke down terribly. CHAPTER XIII. i The next few .days were gloomy. Alys flitted about like an unhap py ghost. : Ella received kind, affectionate letters from Lord Conway, but he was. not at her side, nor. was he confidential. In deed he did not onoe allude to her father except onoa when he statod that ho was quite content in the knowledge that so distin guished a man and so acute a lawyer as Mr. Pole was taking care of the family interests. As.for Roy Pole, he felt deeply for the two girls who made suoh brave efforts to be cheerful when they met at meal-times, and went out of doors to the oottagers or to ride and drive as if no shadow lay upon their anoestral home. They noither paid visits nor re ceived them however, and to do their friends and -acquaintances ' justice, although they constantly left cards of inquiry, sb they would have done in a case of se rious illness, they did not—-not oven' those who were most con sumed with curiosity — intrude on their sorrow. Lady Gauntlett remained in her own rooms. Alys daily received boyish scrawls, more or less rcproaohful, from Harry Grant. _ That young man was making himself so , extremoly obnoxious in his own home that bis mother had already relented in his heart of heart, and was beginning to do her best, under the rose, to in fluence her husband to bo more humane on the subjeot of the Gauntletts. A fair, delicate little woman, fervently religious, and staunohly attached to her husband and only son, she was almost the exact opposite in mind and body to the red-faced, stout, irascible squire, her husband. He had little patience with her religious proclivities. His repression of many of his oaths, his occasional attendance at church, his tolera tion of a stray visit from or invi tation sent to the parson, and hiB opening his purse when his wife pleaded in the cause of charity were all of them simply to please his "little madam" Rough to everyone else, he was rarely, if ever, rough to her, she was his ideal, the apple of his eye. He thought of her as tho break to his wheels going down the hill of life, as the rock to which he clung to save him from folly and moral ruin. No words of hers ever fell upon his ears without leaving some impression, however slight or evanescent. So, when she came to his smoking room one night, looking sweet and serious as a middle-aged Madonna, he knew somothing was coming, but got up very gallantly, and, giving her a comfortable chair, knocked out the ashes of his pipe and pre pared for a sweet lecture. ' If you want a pound or two, you can have it with pleasure,' he began hopefully ; bnt when he fqand his wife had more serious business on hand, he mentally kioked. ' As for that hoy — sulky young toadi' he said, his face growing purple — 1 I'm getting right-down DIVA. Vi Alio UIIO UI1U giaucct J. tun ye. Demoralised, do ye say ? Demoralised 'cause I won't let him bring homo tho grand-daugh ter of a madman and the daughter of a woman whose name's getting a by-word in the county ? You need not shriek and put your hands to your ears 1 You're a baby in the world's ways. It's no reproach, I rather likoit. I'd rather see ye ten times more of an innocent than like Lady Gaunt lett, with her Italian monkey fol lowing her about. Harry demo ralised 'cause I stopped his hang ing after that girl? Then I say its a good job he is ; and if that is what you call being demoralised let him be demoralised and wel come.' However, after long pleading — pleading even to tears — on tho part of the gentle little lady, the Squire began to believe that, if ho had not exactly been a brute to the ladies of the Gauntlett fa mily, ho had, to say the least, been nnohivalrous. . But his little madam had suoh a tonohing way of putting it, suggesting what her own unbappiness would he if by some extraordinary coincidence he, the sqnire, should disappear, even for a day or two, that he hardly blamed himself for eon. e l- ting to madam's paying a visit to Gauntlett Court to find out if poor little Alys was really , very fond of Hqrry or no. - 'Mind, I don't say as I'll ever alter ; and yon may toll . the gal So,' ho' said. ' The misohief of it is you women are all so jolly sentimental ; get ye together and a man's nowhere.' However, the Squire had given his permission ; and the next day without a word to Harry, his mother drove over to Gauntlett Court, and sent in a beseeching note to Alys to grant her a few minutes' interview. , She arrived at an unfortunate moment. Alys was in a rage with Harry, who had that very morning sent over the following note— ' Alys — Your behaviour is, to say the least of it, insulting. I no ttof of. nmoanf Irnrvnr mli atnau uw« uv |rsv»vue n uun w uviuet I shall hold yon to your promise or no. If you had behaved less insolently to me, I would have freed you at once. There are loads of girls ready to jump at me — pretty, accomplished girls too. «H. G.' Alys had hurst into hysterical laughter when she showed Ella the letter. 8he, Ella, and Mr. Pole were in the breakfast-room whon Madam Grant was an nounced. Alys flushed up. 'I slia'n't go,' the said to Ella, . 'My char,' said Ella, distressed — she judged of Aly's feelings by her ''own — we must not he rude. Only think 1' 'You go and sea her if yon like,' said Alys ; 'I sha'n't appear. I have done wiih them.' 'What is wrong?' asked Mr. Pole, glancing at Ella, but gazing gravely and inquiringly at Alys. ' Alys will toil you. Look here, darling — ask Mr. Pole's advice, and try to be sensible,' sho said to her sister, glancing anxiously at her as she went out. 'He will make her do the right thing, whatever it may he,' she thought) with h deep sigh, as she went to the drawing-room to re- oeive Madam Grant She was beginning to lean upon and to respect Roy Pole— to think that no suoh man existed in the world besido himself — no man so true, disinterested, and clever. ' What is nil this ?' said Roy Pole, wheeling round his library- chair. He was writing letters in the breakfast-room instead of in the library because he found that his companionship spurred the girls to cheerfulness. 'Alys' — called both girls by their Christian names, as if they were his sisters — 'is not that lady whom Henry announced your future mother- iu-law ? Why do you not go to her?' ' My future mother-in-law ? Never 1' said Alys, tears of anjger sparkling in her eyes. Then it all came out; Mr. Polo, from a Btriot sense of duty, defended Harry, until he read the letters which Alys produoed from her pocket, and then he felt perplexed. ' This young man is very fool ish,' he said cautiously ; he felt that Harry and Alys as a married couple oould scarcely benefit tunuaiuu iu gcuciai ui tuuiii" selves, their families, and off spring - jn particular — ' very young — and rash, I think.' He would have spoken more strong ly but for the caution which was habitual to him. ' Young ?' echoed Alys disdain fully. ' I should think he was young — an idiotic hoy I' ' Still there must have been a time when you considered that the '-'idiotic boy" would grow into a man less idiotic,' said Mr. Pole, with a twitch of the corners of his month he had seldom been more inclined to have a good laugh than while reading Harry's letters. ' I nevor discuss matters with satirical people,' said Alys, her eyes gleaming contemptuously through her tears. ' As for you, Mr. Pole, I think it horridly bad form of you to laugh at one when one is so very miserable— not only, oneself either, but one's mo ther and sister and everybody.' < My dear ohild,' Roy Pole wag determined to maintain a banter ing tone with Alys — 'where can you have lewnt »U your slang? I assure you I never head a girl give utterance to a more slangy expression I Here tho door opened and Ella entered the room. 