Tfi£ EERWON THE WAY IX) A HAPPY LIFE. !*}• «Jse Her, ARTHCR S. BROOKE, ?i.A. (FBGM Hilt "dlRJSTtAK WOtiUO ! "Pw 3» Kfcat will lew lite, and good days, te<. i him refrain his tongue from evil, and his lens] tMt Hsj- sped. tw> gwite; tet Wm wcta* ; snd do f&o;&i; let UNn «Mk lieece, and etrene ; it."-4 IVt,, Ml., H, II. It is Hnadimes said of Hi® Christian re-j ligiion that it Jays too much stress oft the! next world; that its doctrine of iiurnor-, tality tends to dwarf this present life, ho turn men's thoughts too exclusively bo the! future, aod away from the everyday duties | that lie under their hands, which, to be! done well, require an undivided attention.! It might be a sufficient answer to this to point to the apostles, and to show that! they thought deeply and often of the next j world; that they looked for the second i coming of Christ even in their own day; i that their chief solace and support in afflic- j tiou was the faith that the sufferings of' this present lime Were not worthy to hej compared with the glory which should be! revealed; and that all this hastening to-! wards a better world did not diminish one iota of their interest in things present; but that, on the contrary, they laboured more abundantly for this very reason—that when their Master came He might receive His own with usury, and they might earn His approbation. But there is another reply to this objec tion still more decisive; It is to be found in those passages of Scripture that speak of the value of this present life, and the duty of making the best of it. I might quote test after text to show that the New Testament never teaches that the abort ness of man's earthly life, in view of an im mortality to come, should make him care less of this present world; on the contrary, if, on the one hand, the Epistles warn us "not to set our affections on things on the earth," to remember that "our rest is not here," that "our life is even as vapour that appcareth for a little while and then v.misheth away," they teach us, on the other hand, "hot to be slothful in busi ness, fervent in spirit, serving the Lord;" they continually remind us that our life here is a preparation for the life hereafter, and that "he that soweth sparingly shall reap also sparingly, and he that soweth hountifullyshallreapalsobountifully:" that "our works do follow us;" and iu (lie pas sage before us the Apostle, far from treating the love of this present world and the desire to see good days therein as something unworthy of the ambition of an heir of immortality, layB down some rules whereby this love can be inost easily at tained; whereby this prescut world can he made the boat of and most thoroughly en joyed. The rules he gives are taken from the Old Testament, for St. Peter, like his Master, was a close student of the (Scriptures, and was able to draw from theucc what was germane to his purpose. Twice in the previous chap ters of this Epistle he has already quoted frpm the Book of the Prophet Isaiah, and now he finds in the 34th Psalm the very words which suit his purpose, and lie en dorses with his apostolic authority the rules laid down by the Psalmist for the liv ing of a happy life. XIHi nilKT HULE OF A HAPPY MFE. The first rule is this—"Refrain thy tongue from evil, and thy lips that they siieak no guile." It may be, as St. Peter penned these words, he remembered his de nial of his Master. He had learnt then how the tongue that epeaketh falsely can take all the joy put of life. He could never forget those hours beneath the stars when the thought of what he had said made him weep bitterly. David, attacked by the virulent tongue of liis enemies, cried out in his pain, "Adder's poison is under their lips." "They hate whet their tongue like a sword; they shoot out theiT arrows, even hitter words." But the injury which the evil, or false tongue does to others is not so great as that which it brings on its possessor. His own tongue makes him fall. In the enemies that he makes, in the friendB that he loses, in the habits that he fosters, in the remembrances that he stores op, the man reaps in and for him self a far sorer punishment than any which he brings on others. We put hits in the horse's mouth, pays St. James, -^hereby we tare abort his whole body; end so the tongue in our mouths can turn about our whole life—turn it intotlie sunshine of hap Jiness or into the jpjloom of wretchedness, t may seem a triflnjg fault not to refrain ©iff tongue from evil, our lips from guile— like the tSreu M6^a' 8%e ,___ , s — , kept m «&rek; it will uoaa wareai ever the whcfe ^ «£ eur life hhd de-j pw« o« «J ttae warn aud eheerrol rays otl that ftftewAip ene wiA another wicnj more thaa vmythSag else «s Ae wunkhittea *wi jey ef Mtireeuee. im ®oos» warn. , The apostle^ aeeoad rede for a happy life! is, -i'lSschew evil" The wofd "eschew" | comes iroas tin; .same root to (be Word i **fo Ay," Peed of At horse starting back.; fro» eomc object that frightens or wares it. And te us bw <aril ought to affect to—-as the dove starts in the presence of the hawk, :tfot. this is not what gene-; wtfiy , Tbera is umdi m us that is attracted by mil; and it is difficult when temptation meets us not to follow where it loads. /Pleasure tetok to be along the lure of least, resistance. But to we go along; that way Ac primrose pa A grows wore1 and wore rough and dark, and evil doffs her gaudy attire, and shows herself in her true colours as a hard nnd cruel task master, W hen the Prodigal took (the goods that tell (bo his lot, and went fotih on his journey, he doubtless thought thai he was about to <?ujoy hiiateif to the. iulL, as he had never done !*efore. He had shaken off the restraints of home, and a father's love ah I guidance, and was going to hare good days; but in a far country he came to him eeu and saw the folly of Ids action, and knew that he who would love life and see good days must eschew evil. Thousands are learning this lesson day by day—seek ing for pleasure where it can never be found; forgetting this old-time lesson which was old even in the Psalmist's days, that the way to the blessed life is to "depart from evil." THE THIRD RUDE. The apostle's third rule for a happy life is "to do good." To do good is the very salt of life. It is what keeps the love of life from decaying or corrupting- We are told of our Lord that "He went aliout doing good," and we know that though He was a man of sorrows and acquainted with grief, still He had in Htm a never- failing source of joy, winch from time to time broke forth in enraptured utterances to His Father, and iu blessing upon mankind. Not the least of the sources of this joy was the knowledge that He was doing good day by day, and sowing seeds of happiness in the world which would ldossom and bear fruit in after days. The selfish man who lives for himself cannot enjoy life, lie is miserable; but let him change, and think more of others than of himself, and what a difference! How well llickens puts thi6 in his "Christman Carol"! At the begin ning of the story we have a portrait of Scrooge, a tight-fisted man, hard as a grind stone, sharp as a Hint from which no steel had ever struck out generous fire, secret and self-rontained, and solitary as an oyster. Nobody ever stopped him in the street to_ sav, with gladsome looks, "How are you?" No beggar implored him for a trifle; no children asked him the time of day. llich enough he was, but dismal, morose, and melancholy. He had never done good to anyone. He had thought aud lived only for himself; but he is visited bv three ghosts—the ghost of the past, the ghost of the present, and the ghost of the future—and the}- teach him a lesson, and he becomes a good friend, a good roaster, and a good man, and opens his hear t and his purse to others, and, as a consequence, he begins to love the life he once hated, and to see the good days he ouee had no faith in. THE FOURTH RULE. The apostle's fourth rule for a happy life ib "to Beek peace and ensue it." Quarrels, strifes, jealousies, variance, hatred, and such-like make iii'e intolerable. The fre quent suicides that we read of in the daily papers, many of Ihera the suicides of the young, a itcculiar feature of the present age, ore to be traced not unfreqHently to | that proceed fit the gloom and despair that proceed from strife. One member of a household with a had temper can make the whole household wretched. The violent temper that de stroys like a storm; (he sulky temper that depresses like a fog; the irritable tern per that bristles like the fretful porcupine. These tilings arc enemies to the love of life, and unless we are very strong they soar our good days. When Jesus visited His disciples after His resurrection, Hie first word to them was, 'Teats he unto you." It is true it was the common salutation among the Jews, but on the lips of Him who spake as never man spake, it was more. It was HiB blessing to theni. In union with Him, they were to be in union with one another, and fo find such strength and joy in this fellowship as would make them triumphant over the tribulations mid persecutions that would meet them in the world around. Sometimes it is not .possible to live at peace with others, for they will not be at peace with us; hut, as a general rule, if we seek peace and pursue it, we shall find it. Tennyson, in one of his songs, teils of « husband end wife who foil out as "through the bund at eve they went, and plucked the ripened ears," hat they found jmace, for— "WOpn Wry «one where lay the child Tiiey lost in other years, ' There above foe little grave, O there above the little grave, They kissed again with tears." Think you the evening lights were not all the tenderer as they walked home again reconciled? Thus even the sad things in life will sometimes make for peace if only we seek it and pursue if, THE HEAL FACTOBS OF MP®. In conclusion, observe that the rules that the apostle here layi down for a happy life have all to do with character and conduct, for these aye the -real factors of life—more powerful titan sfty outward thing to make or mar our love of life. Observe, too, that they are all simple rules that everyone can keep. It is in the p&wei; ef-caeh one of us to refrain oaf tangoes fromevil; out lips from guile; to eschew evflknddo good, to geek peace and ensue ife Itifcr id the power, thendore, of each one of us fo have good nay# in the best serine of the Words. We heed Wot change our place of . abode in Order to sfoteh happiness. It is Within our grasp WhClteWe# We are;, net far' from any one of: Us, The' siticefo -f oBoWer of Christ Jesne $s 3fimhfc*itfy eheerftii ufoiwhappy, "for tire eyes dt the Lord are ever hurt, and His* ham are open 'to ife" parpens." He can joy and rejoice in the,. Lord, and his joy jjo man taketli from him. Itifc tbe in wartl joy- of a mind conscious of right, that knows itself to be living in harmony With the" divine will, and seeking -first the Kingdom of Qpd and IBs righteousness,; This, indeed, is the unanswerable reply toi tbfisfe who would aay that the Christian, reMgttifct.wtth ifo hopre of immortality; and teeotfife'-fiMikes its fob ' iaf trtjeflfth aod lag-l burden or doing its, \- ' ' hut 