ITEMS OF INTEREST. Sir E. Ashmead-Bartlett, at audience last month, obtained an irade for the three electrical concessions—one for traction and one for lighting at Salonika, and one for traction, at. Smyrna. Thousands of Egyptians at the present day lire in tombs, eating, sleeping, wooing,-lov ing, laughing, dancing and sihgjng j doing all their household worn among thomummles and sarcophagi. , r . In Paris and other largo towns in. Prance,' female bootblacks are increasing in number, They wear a peculiar garb, not unlike that of Sisters of Mercy, which renders their ap pearance rather neat and attractive. Not a few among them attend to their work with gloved hands, - v - . x As some sailors of tho Austrian coast de fence ship, BudaPosth, of tho summer squad-. roh>, pbw at Fiume, were rowing back to their ship the boat capsized. ' Two sjulora and three potty officers -were drowned, while two men saved their lives by swimming. The Sultan has obtained through M. Con st ans, the French Ambassador, the expul sion from France of tho Armenian journalist, Aninegluan, whoso energy and abilities dis quiet YUdiz. .Reciprocally, tho Sultan, at M. Constants solicitation, allows a fencing match in his presence betwom French pro fessors. Tho Royal Academy ; of Science of Amster dam has paid a delicate compliment ho the English- speaking world by ordering-that its translations shall in-future . be: printed in English, Instead of the native Dutcu, in order that they may be more available-tb the sci entific world at largo. A Yieima correspondent says tlmt the agi tation against the Government,-which is be coming more and more reactionary, is daily extending and gaining influential support. Tho conduct of the ppuco in violently sup pressing public meetings.is causing .deep re sentment among all classes. ••• Notwithstanding the Imperial ukase ex cluding British and foreign ships.from the. right of trading between Odessa and. the Russian Far East, a trading concession for tho Far East has been granted to a larg/t' Danish company, with the privilege of man ning its vessels with Danes, for the period of five years. : / It is generally believed that the common house martin, which leaves England, when nosting-timo is over, spends the. winter in Africa. But, although millions of the birds disappear from Europe: every autumn, the ornithologist, Dr. Sharp, knows of only one single authentic instance of the cajituro of a martin in the African continent. . Oats make the most careful toilet of any animal Liona and in exactly riuTsamor manner as the cat, wot ting the diark, indlarubbor-like ball of the forefoot and inner too. and passing it over the face and behind the ears;.. The foot is thus at flip same time a face sponge an£d' brusjh r .and the rough tongue combs tho rest of tho body. On July 28, some tourists found near Zer matt two ladies, Mme Morel and her daughter who had- met with a serious fall, probably when picking edelweiss. The mother was dead, her skull berng fractured, while Milo. Morel was injured and in a stito of delirium'. Ir is thought probable" that the ladies were : seized with giddiness and rolled down a slope some 3500ffe in height. Until. Mile. Morel recovers consciousness the actual par ticulars cannot be learned. The authorities are investigating the matter. - - The children of the Duke and Duchess of York are very natural, and. are loved by everyone. Tho Queen is * especially fond of them, and constantly gives them" faiiy great-grandmother gifts, one of the ; most recent being a complete Highland dreas, In tho Royal Stuart tartan, haring all the correct accessories, brooches, buckles, j and weapons beautifully designed in minia ture. This sho presented to PrimeEdward, I who is highly delighted wirli hm gaudy cos tume, ajui is hero of the nursery. ' I The spread of medical women- in Great Britain is very astonishing. In London alone there are how 85 registered, and quali fied medical womefq airhoist all of whom arc in practice. Some of these hold hosts in dispensaries, hospitals, children's hospitals, mfirmariea, posts cs opthalmio surgeons, as sistant anaesthetists, medical examinters, in spectors and lecturers, Not oulv has al most every’ large English town a lady mcdicao but oven remote Orkney Islands .have quali fied women as medical officers. The ranidity with winch -women liavq spread- over the medical field can best be gauged by remem bering that the London School of Medicine for WomeA wo* only founded in 3874, It has considered Unlucky to x be married in May ever since the day5 of Ovid. In ancient Rome- there -was held in.May a festival called the Lemufia, or feast of the Lemures, which .was accremeny in honor of tho Speeches of deprived souls. It be came witVthe J&mehs; what we should call “bad form’? .to have matrimonial feasts at tlio season of a sofemn ritual being, no doubt, thought to bo an insult to the dead to. marry aV such a rime. From this a number of sfcorieegrewof the revenge made by ihe out raged ghosts upon those whb direito dis regard them, and if anything unfortunate happened to a couple ygho luul been married' in May, it would, of course, i:a?3 been pul down to retribution,. So thc tradid >u, of jll hick mose, and its influence liaa lasted oyer since, even-to our time. The languid Spaniards in Manila are as tounded at the energy of the. Americans. They cannot, understand why the latter keep their shops open at noon, which it has. been the accepted custom of years to close at that hour. Bub the game of basebqU ?s a stupen dous mystery to them. The Filipinos gather wonderingly at the edges of tlio* crowd mid peer into the field,, - They cannot fathom the enthusiasm; ■ 'V.:-......: India is a nation of pawnshops, .according to a recent visitor;" The iroopie think that the cleverest man is he who devises the lar gest number ways; by which to borrow money. They put in pledge fiieir lands, oxen, jewellery, themselves, their children, and their grand-children, and cases have been known wham a father, to obtain money, to defray expenses of his .daughter's wedding, has pledged as security the firat child iq bte bom of the union, ; - : ' ; The “Aftenpostf’ states that Ibo Swedish gunboat Svenskund had been ordered to call at Bear Island; so-that the com mander may add the protesb ol Sweden tothafc of Russia against the Gormons hoisting thereany-othor than the Qonnan boxnffiermal flag, as for a whole century the island, has been considered neutral and;open to:oil countries; The Rus sian cruiser Svietlana has alroady been sent to the island on behalf .of Russia. . - . 