CONCERT AT COWRIE COLLIERY. The Gowrie miners are noted for their musical abilities. Last Tuesday evening they had a chance of distinguishing themselves, when a concert was held in the line hall, Gowrie, built by Major King for the use of the men. The attendance was large— the largest that had ever gathered there, it was said. In the absence of Major King, who was called away that day to inspect and pass a company of men before the encampment, Mr Jones, the mine manager, presided. Mr Harry Haartz, of Cross Hill, and his band of musi- cians, filled the building wall melody and music, and the local talent, as well as some Toowoomba talent, supplied the vocal. Mr Jeffries sang two songs to guitar accompani- ment, and received an encore. Mr Gold recited two selections from Shakespeare's plays. Hamlet and the ghost were in evidence. Several humorous songs were sung by Messrs Stewart and Matthews. Misses Macguire recited and sang. Messrs Haig and Macguire also had their share in the programme. En- cores were numerous, and were freely re- sponded to. The concert was altogether a hearty and enthusiastic thing. The concert was in connection with the Oakey Methodist mission, and the proceeds are to be devoted to Mr Corrie's stipend. \--- Cvci.k Dhi'ot.— Mr K. Claris, of the well known Cycle Depot in Russell-str:et, advertises that he can supply bicycles at even lower prices than hitherto. Amongst Ihe leading makes he can supply Red Birds, Masscy Harris, HlacU Uirds, &c;, from ^16. The machines are built by the best possible work manship, and stand' tests against nnv other makes. Mr Clark executes repairs speedily aud at only moderate prices for ihe workmaiiship put. in. Qukhnsi.and Trustkks Limitbii.— aP a 'meeting of the board of directors of Queens land Trustees Limited, held on the 91I1 instant, Mr. J. J. Kingsbiiry, having' accepted '??.m appointment under the Crown, tendered his resignation as a director of llie company. In accepting the resignation, the diriclors placed on record their high appreciation of the valuable service which Mr. Kingsbury had rendered lo llie company.. .Mr. Kingshury has occupied u seal 611 ihe hbard continuously front ils formation in'lhc preliminaries leading lip lo which he'timk'- an active mrt. The Uurd i.i'exerciie of I iie ? powers Ciiujeired -ujwn them by fhu articles of the ''aisocialion, unanimously requested the I Ion. G. \V. Gray lo accept the vacant seal, with which request that gcntleinun has complied. 