THEATRE ROYAL. . OUR NATIVE HOME. A sensational drama in five acta, en titled Our Native Home, was. produced, for the first time in Melbourne, at the Royal by the Hollowuy Company on Saturday night, it is a very entertain ing play, and will probably have a long run in Melbourne. The scene of the first act Is un English village— of the kind Immortalised by the author of Under the Greenwood Tree— in which the Inhabitants dance and sing the lime away in the true Arcadian fashion, and In which the father of the hamlet— a nice old gentlemun of ninety— tulks In a sublimely moral way, reminding one of our good Mayor M'Eacharn at a Pleasant Sunday Afternoon. A lively country dance. Introduced In this act, Is one of the pleasantest features of Our Native Home. In the next act the audience Is shown a high-toned bull- room, Into which a rollicking Scotch Jew, In kilts, finds his way, and behaves In an extremely -diverting manner. Tho house shrieked with laughter when Mr Shadrach MacGrcgpr proceeded to make love to the old maid of the party, and to indulge In other antics und eccentrici ties, but the "dominant note" was sad ness when, at the end of tlie function, one of the guests (a conscience-stricken banker) stabbed himself with a dogger In full view of tho dancers, and expired upon the slippery floor. A furclcal ghost scone In Act 3 is followed by a ter rible scene In mid-ocean, in which two starving and maniacal sailors attempt to murder a tender boy (with the object of eating him), ono of tho other occu pants of a shipwrecked longlioat. "Herald" readers will be pleased to learn that a word in season from tlie hero of the piece to the principal cannibal wuu instrumental In averting tho projected crime.- The great sensation of the drama occurs iu Act 4, when the blind heroine, to escapo a fate worse than death, plunges from tho deek of tho Arona Into the waters of the Mersey. Fortunately, the young lady is caught by the buckets of u dredger, and trans ferred from the river bed to a place of safety. The working of tho dredger is a rare piece of stage mechanism, and re flects great credit on Messrs Lock, Hardy and their assistants. The silt raiser employed on tlio stage Is as tig as our Harbor Trust's John Nlmmo, and the chuln of buckets travels up and down with the utmost smoothness und precision. Altogether, the Royal dredger is what the playbill describes it "a colossal mechanical sensation." The last act of the drama Is chiefly' farcical. The villain of tho ploco Is being tried In open court for a number of Indictable offences, and tlio principal witnesses for the Crown ' are Cully Shorpe, a stable boy; and Bosun BUI, a breezy British sailor. Tlie first-named witness conduots him elf under exami nation with a flippancy worthy of Sam Weller himself; tho bosun commits two aggravated assaults on the prisoner in 1 the - dock, and Unally lays his horny bands upon tho sacred person of tho presiding Judge. And tho domounor of his Honor and the learned Crown Pro secutor during the hearing of the case would, we fear, he considered a gro.-w abuse of Justice if It wai imitated in our own Criminal Court. But, tie thLs as it may, the burlesque was keenly relished on Saturday night by the patrons of the Royal. The acttng of tbe principal per formers In Our Native Home was very creditable. Miss Dora de Win ton, as the blind heroine: Mr Saunders, as the lover: Messrs Stanford and Montgomery, na the villains; and Mr Douglas, as the English Squire, were all excellent In their several roles. Tlie chJeJ comical parts were admirably tilled by Miss Alice Deorwyn, a saucy lady's maid ; Mr F. Hawthorne, an impudent stable- lioy: Mr O'Neill. Bosun Bill; Mr Har- rourt, nn Irish policeman: Mr Power, a Somerset farm laborer; und Miss Popen- Jay, an obi maid. Mr Hawthorne had most of the funny business, and he ac quitted himsr-lf famously. Tho piece had been well rehearsed, and it went with the utmost spirit from start to finish. 