LITERATURE The Storyteller. LORD WILLARD'S PERIL. (Copyright.) By MARY CROSS, Author of "Ludley's Widow," " Under Sentence," "False Witness," &c.; The express from Hollywood and elsewhere flies, through the heat of later August, now between deep cuttings waving with broom and gorse and seeding grasses, now past floods of golden grain, fruit-rich orchards, and lovejy little villages. Passengers sigh and yawn and sleep, and grumble generally at the heat and tedium of travelling. In a first-class compartment two florid "horsey" individuals have certainly set themselves to make the best of it, and, apparently little disturbed by the state of the thermometer, devour sandwiches, and "pour libations" of something thai looks but doesn't sm«U like weak cold tea, com paring notes on racing events past and future, and the merits of the latest music sail star. " So Mrs. De la Poer Is husband-bunting again T" says one of these mighty eaters ; and the remark, uttered after a abort silence, causes the only other occupant of the com partment—a handsome athlete, who has been half asleep In the corner, his arms folded, his rather long legs stretched out—to open his lazy gray eyes and to colour through his healthy sunburn. " Jove, yes," comes the reply, with a bois terous laugh. " Lord pity the poer old fool if she catches him !" " Sour grapes, my boy ; sour grapes, eh ?" " Nothing of the kind, on my Bible oath. Bless you, she don't know me now. I don't say that once on a time all her smlle3 weren't for me ; but of course when her pretty face caught a swell it was all over with common folk, and she held her head too high to see poor fellows like me once the ring was safe on her finger. If I was quali fying for the position of second husband to her ladyship, I'd make it my business to know what became of 'the first—how he was shuffled off." ' . And he closes one eye, nods, and takes a long pull at his flask. The ether man looks Interested—even on the verge of being ex cited. " Do you mean ?" he hints. " Oh, I don't mean anything, beyond the fact that De la Poer seemed to vanish all at once, and her ladyship took a trip to the Continent, asd came back in widow's weeds. Whether It was arsenic, or a bullet through the held, EOlf-adminlitered. or whether he Just drank himself to death, no one seems to know, and it lent my business anyhow. Ho was rather a handsome fellow, De la Poer, but a precious soft ; «!se a pair of bright eyes smirking at him over a bar wouldn't have led him into matrimony. She was poor enough, and had to be content with little enough, when she kn«w him first; but, by Jove, after she was married, mines of Oolconda wouldn't have kept her ! The best of everything was hardly good enough for her ; and to, with her ex travagance, and maybe remorse, and no doubt the dropptag-off of friends who would not receivo an «x-barmatd, Pc lafPoer took refuge in drink. Perhaps he had a weak ness for it before, Just a» he had for low company, but a better woman mixht have made a better man of him. } suppose he ■went from bad to worse witn a rattle: anyway, the whole thing ended in a smash* —utter ruin—and between driak and-, worry some say the man's brain gave way. I don't know how that may be, but he vanished, and to did she; and when she re appeared she was got up a* a widow. She has started life at Hollywood, where no one Is likely to identify Dolly Pearson of the Hare and Hounds with Mrs. Dorothea De la Poer, of Rosetnount, whom every one (pities aB the rich widow of a man who w«at wrong. That'a all I know ; a clever woman, an adventuress if you like, but clever as the deuce." " But what does she live on ? Credit ?" " Not at all. She has the luck of old Harry- The old man who owned the Hare aud Hounds left her all he had, and some say he would have married -her. However that may be, «oon after she came back •• a widow this money dropped into her hands, «ad there me is ! The contents of the till will help lier to another good match ; may toe come epars were saved from the wreck, •nd if co, she'd have them, that's certain. It knocked me all out of time thU morning, when she drove by, looking too ladylike to /live, etarln* me straight In the face as if she'd, never oeen me in her life before. Another woman would bavb fainted, or sought to beg or buy my silence about old times until her big fish waa landed, but she never turned a hair. ' It's all right, Dolly," thinks I, ' you're game and I won't •poll sport.' It seems that sow she is the rich young widow of a De la Poer of Cheater, Which is like saying a Howard or a Stanley. He's supposed te have treated her badly, tor she can't bear to speak of her married life : she is all sweet, gentle martyr and patient angel. Ha ! ha !ha ! It really is fine, and If she catches this new man, fiction icn't in it with Dolly's luck. Who is he. did you ask ? Peer of the realm, my boy. No less. Lord WiUard, of Water dale, wherever that is." " It may turn out a second edition of De la Poer. Seems rather a pity that another man should toe caught in the same trap. «b ?" "Pooh, this <m is able to take care of himself, or should be : must fee oldish, since be'« a widower with two sons. (Lord help lem if such a step-mother is put over Owro." The athlfte has eat so qutor-tly In his cor ner ftfcat both mtn start •wfcen be pfbruptly rises, trying to -force tto window lower, as H *ne heat *s in-creas-infr'; probably they would he still more s'artled could they know that he is that very Lord WiUard to Whom their cosnpMston Has teen so frankly ooUmded. He rubs ides into his taraex. tucks the ends of his moustache feto? Mr uoi*h, staring fixedly at toe pages of "Punch." though lie sees nothing of Dv Otjurrter'a latest, battling as he "is against an Impuls* to proclaim his identity to the two men, and knock their Steads together •s traduoers of a defenceless lady. Pru dence sad a natural aversion to a scene win the day ; ne folds ale «rma tightly, and before bis menial vtafem rises an oval (face, with seductive vk^et eyes, and Hps that murmur, low and sweet, " 'But you will oone fcaok agate, won't you ?" ■He is again on the terrace at Rose •nouniti the summering radiance that lives all thwmgn a summer night clasping the fragrant dwwy garden, and the pretty house <wtth its open windows and lighted rooms, wlience steal strains of plaintive music. Mrs. De la Poer, graceful and languid, eyes and lips pathetic, leans against a stone pilaster •which holds aloft a great vase brhmniag over with musk and lobelia. " Why so sad to-night ?" Jie asks, with a sudden sense of stars blown out, as he looks at her face, pale and mournful to a degree he has not seen before. "' We are never merry when. we hear sweet music,'" she returns evasively. " Tet how happy the sound oT your voice makm me>," he replies, jnd she gives a smile that ends in a srga. " Ah, Lord Wlllard, you pay compliments as if you meant them! Well. ... I am sorry you are going spray ; 1 shall miss you more than I dare think, I have so few friends." He glances at the house, at the gay throng in the lighted room, and she follows his glance and answers It. "iAs you see, j have plenty^Cor an even ing ; for a life it is a different matter. There are thnes when 1 am lonely to desolation, without a creature to comfort me, to ad vise me, to help me through my dark hour." Lord WiUard is a young man, but his head at times governs his heart ; despite the influence of time and place, his undoubted infatuation for Mrs. De la Poer, his appre ciation of her soft loveliness, he does not express his desire of being the guide and comforter she needs. She looks past him to the lines of paler blue, low on the hori zon, against which rugged trunks and slender stems are defined, and a faint sigh leaves her lips for the second time. " I shall never forget you," she says ; " remember that, Lord Wlllard, for I feel that we shall never meet again." He starts, and turns to her, looking at her in a troubled way. "My dear Mrs. De la Poer, why should you tkink that ?" " I can't give you any reason, but I know it. I have had such presentiments before, and they have always been fulfilled." And Her hand is lifted suddenly to her beautiful eyes ; is it memory or thought of parting with him that overcomes her t " This one may not be," he says, all at once Intensely nervous. The glimpse of her perfect mouth all Quivering with emotion, the sight of her fair bent head, appeal to his heart ; he is carried away by passion, and is Just on the point of clasping his arms about her, claiming for present and for future the right to snare her sorrows, if he cannot altogether shield her from them— when the tenor, whose " songs beneath the waning stars" have been charming the ear of night, comes out with a train of admirers, and the tete-a-tete Is broken up. Mrs. De la Poer snatches time to whisper plaintively, "But you will come back again, won't you ?" before other guests claim her attention. Lord Wlllard presently takes his leave, departing less with the feelings of a lover who has been baffled or deprived of his chance than those of a man whorhas es caped something. Strange how the glamour fades, how the witchery of voice and look loses potency in absence, and how much more clear and distinct is the memory of the girl whose heart kept time and tune with his from the first dawn of love until its last throb on earth. For it is true that he Is a widower. His majority and bis marriage were celebrated on the same day, and five yean of perfect happiness were his. Then his young wife died, and he has mourned her these seven years without thought of replacing her, until his meeting with Dorothea De Is, iPoer, if then. He has been lntisdoced to her toy the genial rector, on whose heart her lfceral, unostentatious charities harve made a good, impression, and sue seemed to him of the type angelic. Stttl, why Is it that -when he thinks of his two sons the thought of them under her caie repels him ? Wtogr it it that when in his most infatuated moments he pictures her In his old home, a vision will rise be fore him of the fair, pure face oaoe smiling there, of the fresh young rolce so long silent ? Why does it sscsn as H» from the quiet grave she extended her hand to (hold hhn *>*«* ? Can the dead be jealous of the living ? Do all men who have loved the first wife with all youth's fervour and devo tion feel ■thus when contemplating the taking of a second ? •He has asked hfenccM these questions often during the last five weeks, and the answers seem far off as ever. And to-day he asks himself what shall he do t Shall he, as lover should, offer himself to her, without doubt or fear, or question ? Or shall he be tafhienoed by the coarse gossip of two hnjf-*J(psy men, and prclbe into the sorrows of her past ? It is impossible that what they have said can be true. Shall he ask her to be his wife, or shall he not ? Well, he will wrHe to iher (from home within the next few days, and the question will tfor ever be settled. The rectory garden inclines rather to the wilderness style, but is lighted up well with biff dahlias «nd flaming gladioli and ever frogcrant old wallflower. 'IMrs. Rector" sits on a rustic bench, a <bamboo tea-table betide bee ; and merrily from the tennis lawn come her children—small stars circling round tte newly-risen planet of a cousin from Ixu-oa, fresh from the Joys of her first season. She is a dainty figure in a sun-hat and musllo, " fair- haired, blue eyed, her aspect foil.ha," adored toy the Darradales, cous!n9, aunt, and uncle alike. Sh" says 'herself that h«r life Is simply a record of "favours received," and It is true that to her. at least. Fortune has come with •both bands full, perhaps captivated by Nature's handiwork in her, and so she lacks neither money, nor good* looitr, nor pretty ways. As they move to the tea-table-r-a gay group—a man slowly passes, carrying on his shoulder a little boy, who looks eagerly ov«r the privet hedge, then laughs and claps hi* hands to the younger Darradales, who are signalling with their racquets. The anan turns a pale, thin face, all dark eyes and aquiline note, In the same direction, and raises bis hat with a long, shadowy hand as he passes on. " Who is the phantom ?" asks Cousin Philippa and the eldest Miss Darradale, who is Just at the romantic and susceptible *«e> 4uras a sigh into a pout as she replies : That is Mr. De la Post, the new organist. Isn'the handsome ?"• "fo-'n't he a little bit like a ghost out for an airing-?" "Oh, I bat« fat, red, beefy men," says Kate, with warmth. " 1 ttink Mr. De la JPoer Is so interesting; papa says he is •we there is a story connected with him if we only knew." By this time they have arrived at Mm. ! Darradale. who has begun to pour out the tea, which the boy* busy (themselves in handing about, whilst Kate presides over aome tempting fruit In the midst of their enjoyment the rector appears, claiming share of the refreshment, and his wife puts her diurnal question. \\\ ?**J?? b€ar •"* neWi« *•* '" Lord Willard is expect* home ; (feat's one Item. For another, Tm sorry to say thmt.ri har# l 8 *■ «rtb*M* «f diphtheria." Oh, dear," says Mrs. Darradak. glancing at her steps and stairs" with anxiety, and SSS'JEWSS: ■"-*—| i "Papa, Bertie De la Poer is oomtag to play with us to-morrow; may I give him one of the young rabbits ?" " Why. yes, Joe, if he likes to lure it. By-the-way," the rector goes on, addressing this niece, " you will be pleased when you hear our new organist. 1 consider him a very able musician." "We saw him pass just now," says PbUlppa. "He look* a. melody la the minor." " I dare «ay he U anxiocs about the child," says the kindly mother; "a dear little fellow, but not very strong." " Is he a widower ?" Philippa asks, and there is a perceptible pause before the rector replies. " N—no. Id fact, I can hardly say. The boy calls him papa and uncle Indis criminately, and I never asked which really was the relationship. In fact, De la Peer as not the man one can question ; he is ex tremely reserved and taciturn. Bis re ferences were unexceptionable, though, and h* is a gentleman. He has 4 class at the (High School, and they tell me he Is quite a musical genius. But he is very distant, as he receives no visits and systematically declines every invitation. He Is le3s popular than I daresay he deserves to be, and people are very anxious to know what he did before he came here.'* "Toe little boy must hare a lively time of it behind such * high wall of mystery," cays PhlUppa, whose Hfe is blear and open and sunny *• her eye*. " On ! as to that, De la Peer's whole heart is da the boy ; be to devoted to him, and denies him nothing. I feel that he Is smll totf when he knows that Bertie la enjoying himself here "with oar youngsters. And as to the wall of mystery, my dear, I think otter* have twllt it. Mr. (De 1* Poer is simply a reserved, silent man, who declines to talk of his own attain, and may merely be suffering from an artistic hatred of gos sip." (Pbilsppa feels farther more interested in " the phantom"; a sensation wbioh deepens when she hears the -waves of music rolling through the gray old church, ristng and falling beneath the long thin, Angers of the man in the threadbare coat shining at the seam*. She wishes that he had not quite such * never-smlle-«galn face, and is saudoas to see the hoy at close quarters, to know if he is 1n any way shadowed by the paternal ctoom. * But he la a bright, laughing. Iktle fellow Who flutters into the Rectory garden like a butterfly—such a winsome, happy mite, so easily pleased, so loving, with none of childhood's unconscious seJfletene—, that Fhlllopa falte in love with hhn at oaoe, and h*. becoming her stove with equal rapidity, is niofcnjfmed her little sweetheart. He listens to the wildest legends of fairyland with unquestioning belief when they flow from her lips; trots beeMe her when she gathers fruit or flowers, delighted to carry bar basket or scissors ; finds her balls at ternis ; and she declares that tt will end In her atesJing hfcn. One day ene had been distributing toys among her cousins, and presents Bertie with a wonderful picture-book, over which he hangs with flushed cheeks and dilated eyes, Chen looks up gravely to ask, "If he may lend this to Jim V "Who is Jim ?" (Philippa asks, and the explanation is lucid. "Oh, he can't walk like us; he has a owjitoh, but his mamma can't buy books or pwetty thing* for him. May I let him wead my book first ?" The desired permission Is given ; and " Who is Jim ?" PfclHppa ask*, a trifle wildly, of her uncle ; she feels that "little sweetheart" is leading her Into strange lands, but the rector is able to throw some light upon the subject. " Jim ? (Ah !—the child must mean that crippled boy df the Oolsone. His father breaks stones and his mother "washes, so this is- real charity, Philippa. Well done, your little sweetheart." "I tbink he never saw anyone with crutches before," cays Philippa. "I won der if .his unselAdhnees is hereditary?" Somehow she i? not inclined to thinku^o. Mr. De la Poer remains unapproachable even through his child, and she does noti see why he should keep the kindly rector at arm's length with the reat of the world ; there mi£ht surely be an exception made here. ''He is a strange, unsociable creature," fays one of the Mrs. Candours of the neigh bourhood, an excellent woman, who is al ways finding something or some one against whom some one elee should be warned, by these means keeping a species cf fiery cross in active circulation among her acquaint ancea "I am the last person in the world to speak ill of another, but at timoa I really do think that Mr. De la Poer is an escaped convict. Dear Mr. Darradale'is so confid ing, so unsuspicious, so broad and wide," she says, sighing ; the adjectives, of course, referring to the good rector* mind, not tfl bis personal appearance* An escaped convict! There scarcely; oould be a more ridiculous theory. Phllipp* think* deciding that (his lad/ ha* probably, been chief builder of the wall of mystery. But whatsoever mar be said of Mr. De la Poor in other respects, no one can find fault with his treatment ot his boy or ques tion his affection. The end, grave face lijrhta up at the sight of Bertie, and is transfigured. He sterna content with this companionship, and seeks no other; and often they are seen wandering away together to the woods or the oommon. Bertie carried shoulder high, laughing and triumphant. - A breath of excitement paeses through Waterdmle ; Lord Willard 4s coming home, and the chimneys of the great house are beginning to send up smoke-signals ; people wonder X he will "entertain," if he will bring down a shooting party, and tradesfolk rub expectant hands ; for his lordship main tains his establishment on a liberal scale, and there i« no " cheese-poring" in his household. " What has become of my little sweet heart T" wonders Philippa. one memorable day, wfeen two or three days have slipped •way without bringing Bertie to the rec tory. " Perhaps Mr. De la Poet thinks he is being spoiled among us !" She has just come in from a walk, and meets her uncle at the gate, to be struck by his undsual gravity. "This is sad news," he says; "poor little De la Poer is down with diphtheria." " Oh, uncle ! But how did it reach hfan V " Why, Jthat boy ttolson has it badly, an.l that stupid mother of his allowed Bertie in to see him, with this result. The child ran across from his father's to ask for Jim —missing him, I suppose—and «he must needs take tbe child Into the very room. I told her what I thought of her ! No wonder the sickness is spreading !" " Is Bertie rery ill ?" she falters. "I fear «o. I ehall »o **ck later on, tboush. I assure you, I feel very helpless In this caw. I hope the child may be spared." And the rector's kind eyes rest on his own darlings, healthful and nume rous and grow dim as he thinks of tbe tiny. patoHblanched face be has J "*«*"• What If the one sunbeam on a dark and worth if wo cannot «fl»j' w"*: out Question to supreme wisdom and omnipotence? He bs* «"«*l duty eel* to pay. •»▼«»* •»<* *•*• *> T?* ltl ST be cm lm to,the cottage where the De 1» T*e» live. Half-way-down the deep green tone loadtef to it he sees the welt known figure dilating through tbe twilight more sad more r unttt they «re face to face, and «ne ejuesttoo fells eagerly from bis lips, "How 1* Bertie ? to he better ?" "Tes. «c» better." Something 4a the tone and <no less in the manner strikes strstngely on the clergy man's senses, and a hot flush of anxiety rises to bis temples ; De la Poer looks at him with lifjhtless, lancrid eyes. "Blnce he died, tatt-anHhour ago," be says la coM, steady tones. " perhaps 1 should cay that he Is well." Mr. (Darradsde chokes ; he has no words of comfort ready—'being overpowered by hia own grief for the ohild who has laugbed bis way into every heart. Tbe man sud denly turns aside, bowing We head upon bis arm. ~ Oh, my Cfod ! my dear little boy/ he groans, ji—fcinsOi human fteMog breaking down aU tt> eclf-restraiift, and long-studied control. It ie, however, only for a moment; then he stands erect, hto teeth set hard on hia Hp, and In reply to the rector's ques tion if be can do anything, says, " No, there is nothing to be done" —not gratefully, but wttb a treading down of hit own emotions, which! may be habitual, and which conveys the Impression that to him life means only endurance. The rector goes home, Osing.bis handker chief a good deal, and tells them them what has happened ; tbe children listen In awe, though unable quite to realise the meaning of death—'but PhlMppa breaks down altogether for sake of - her little sweet heart. " And can't we do anything for Mr. De la Poer ?" asks Mr*. Diarradale. "Itis so sad Chat he should be left alone." " I fancy he prefers it," says the rector, and he is right. After the quiet funeral the rector detains the only mourner, who has stood, eilenu«nd seU-posseesed, during the mournful service —a vein standing out In bis forehead alone betraying by what en effort be preserves hte composure—and lays a kind band on his shoulder. "1 do not like to think or you, alone, and unconsciously encouraging sorrow by soli tude," he evys. " I should be glad if you would walk over to my house before long; you will meet only myself and my wife, }. promise." " Thank you,'^ returns De la Poer ; " la deed I have much to thank you for ; but I am unable to do- so yet. A great deal perhaps, indeed, all—the happiness of ißertie's life here was due to the kindness of you and yours. But believe me that at present I am best alone." Still, the rector feels that the " at pre sent" is a concession, and implies 'chat at some future time De la Poer may yield. Philippa chokes when, for the first time, she sees the tiny grave. The sad, still autumn air is heavy with sctnt >of fading flowers. There is everywhere that hueh only one step removed from perfect silence, when the-faded leaf falls without a sound, and-^the long grass cUrs with scarcely a rustle. The church-is open, and she hears the organ throbbing ; her eyes fill. When to her the death of this little one has been so much, what is it to the man left deso late ? (How can ehe gracp the fulness of hia . pain, comprehend tbe depth of bia sorrow, the vain hearkening for the lisping little voice, the pattering feet, the Useless longing for the Innocent companionship and love ? When Ehe ralseß her bead she sees De la Poer standing before her ; be looks more cadaverous than ever, more attenuated, but I she sees him only- for a moment before tears blind her—she has thought that if they met ! she would speak to him consolingly, and after all ehe can only cry. "I am bo sorry for you," at length she •ays, and can say no more, but the word* express that pure compassion which surely is true womanhood. "Thank you," he says, with dry lips; ."you were always good to him, and he loved you. I find some comfort in the knowledge that he bad won so much affection ; It means that his little life was happy-" He stops and looks silently at the. flowers she has laid on the grave; and, much jqoved, thanks her by a' gesture. As she goes home a pony-phaeton \>% driven past by handsome, happy Lord Willard, who is instructing his son and heir In 'the mys teries ol the reins ; and the girl «eels an odd resentment of hi« good fortune, of his •fine physique, of the very flag lazily folding and unfolding itself on Willard tower in honour of his arrival. Further on she meet* Mr. De la Poer's landlady, who is brimming over with detalla of the boys death and the man's grief, and her emo tions undergo a change. Hastening home «he bursts into the room where the rector •its compoilng his sermon, her throat ana heart burning. "Uncle, that man is starving! " My dear girl," he crle3, s'artled, "what man ? Which ? Where 1" " Mr De la Poer," «he «ays, gasping, «U her pret* roses withered. " Mrs. Bepker has Just been telling me i he has always (been poor. Oh, uncle, can't you see that Is the reason of his reserve and seclusion. iHe has denied himself everything for Ber t*«*« sake; but he is poorer than ever now ; he lives on tea «n4 dry bread. Oh, uncle, me must, we surely can, do something ? The- rector bears these incoherent sen tences with a tmttled. frown. Here is a mystery. Wow 1» this abject poverty to be accounted for, unless by the presence, in the background, of come one with a trialm, that may not be denied ? Otherwise, he surely would have had sufficient to meet the extra expenses entailed by sickness and death, having mo personal extravagances, being, indeed, styled " etingy" and a miser. " The woman may have exaggerated," sayß Mr. Darradale mildly. "However, I might ask Lord Willard to use his on (behalf of. De la Poer." 'In. the evening he betakes himself to the little cottage, and is admitted by De la iPoer himself. Perhaps the rector looks about him more observantly than before ; at any rate, the painful, bare neatness of the room seem* revealed to him, for the first time. The man is wan and thin, his eyes have the strained expression that tells of overwork ; his coat, even more threadbare than the one he wears out- of-doors, hangs loosely about him, and hi* movements are Inert and. languid. "I came to aBk," begins the rector, after a prolonged fit of coughing, "if you would spend an hour or two with us on Sunday • —no one there but ourselves—and we will allow you to go away whenever you wish ? You are shutting yourself up too. much." (Mr. ©c la Poer sighs and looks down ; no doubt, remembering what he owes to the (Darradales, refusal is difficult. " It is for our pleasure, not for your own," says the rector, "so I hope ,you will at least think about it. Now, I have something else to ask, on my wife's behalf. She thinks Chat you are neglecting yourself, as one too often does, my dear De la Poer, in times of sorrow, and she is sending you some grapes and that, to coax your appetite—you know how women love to coddle. The fruit Is from our own vinery, so I know It i* good," he adds, for he never offers one a thing as if he were glad to be rid of M, or with the depreciation of a gift, con •ldered " good form" by so many, and with this he takes his departure, leaving Mr. De 1a Poer to reflect Shortly after, one of the Darradale maids comes with a basket laden with golden Jelly, and lovely bloomy grapes that look almost too good to be eaten ; there is come- HJbivg tempting in the dainties to which he baa long been unaccustomed, and he has lifted some of the delicious frufrt to his parched mouth, "when the thought which dominates his whole life —of a necessity greater than his own—arises, and presently be lias made his way to the poor cottage where elckneas is rife and want by no means an unfamiliar presence. Mrs. Colson herself opens the shaky door, and, recognising her visitor, is at once on the defensive. She never meant to harm bis little boy—she only thought it would cheer Jim up to see the little gentleman as was always so frank and free, and any -way he needn't come to reproach her now in her ftroubie, when sickness and sorrow and work are like to drive her distracted. Mr. De la Poer's quiet voice cuts through her voluble sentences. " I nave not come to reproach you ; I know you meant no harm," he $ay& "Jim was kind to my boy, and I have brought some grape 3 for him, if he may have them." 'Mrs. Colson instantly dissolves in tears. " Oh, the Lord bless you !" she cries. " Pot you are a good man ; and, Indeed, my heart is broke with them saying it'a me as made your toy ill, ana Jim being so low, and 'no money coming in, and father taken to drink !" ■As ho- passes In &hs; touches his arm and whispers that Jim doe-nt know, and he understands 'her. He goes bravely smiling to the poor lad, wasted and worn wiih slck mefls, hl3 crutoh in a corner, "his hands, bony and white, closed round a hard, half-eaten apple ; the hollow eye 3 light up when they see the purp.le fruit nestling among the coo] ■green leavrj, and the delicacies he scarcely knows by name. His is sure Ma3ter Bertie has sent tbe^e, and De la Poer does not un deceive h!ra. He says some encouraging word to the mother, wbo.e child! will be spared to her, glad to tell her co with con viction, and the cries again, blessing him more fervently than ever. < When the rector presents hiraselAit Wil lard Tower, he finds my lord acting as pro peller of a " mail-can" to his boys, who are full of the exuberant spirits peculiar to their years and perfect health. He is in no wise disconcerted at being discovered in tbis humble position, greeting hio visitor cordially, and asking after each member of the family by name, which proves that he possesses a royal memory. The rector frads gradually up to the subject of De la Poer, of whom he relates all the good he knows, guided by the light thrown by dis covery of the poverty borne in silence. Lord Willard turns a little pale, hie face is some- what hard ; he certainly is not moved as the rector hat expected, and though aware that no one oan do a gracious net more graciously than his lordship, he cannot help fearLhg that not much practical sympathy will be forthcoming. Composed to' coldness outwardly, Lord Willard .to on Are within. Good heavens ! •ius there been truth-in that vile' story ? Can-it ibe possible that the man he is asked j to help is. husfcand of the woman, he has thought 4>l marrying ? Is toe -standing, tn deed^Hea itbe *rlnk of co iblack a pit? He flings open t*e window, with much the same action as when. he heard ..her name familiarly uttered by coarse and vulgar lips, feeling as if some crisis of his fate bad come. By-and-by to his rescue come the natural generosity and kindliness of his character, enabling' him to set aside all personal feel ings' and prejudices. " Well bred, well edu cated, with undeniable references ;" he re peats ; " I will take him at your word, rector. I will do what I can." The result of this interview is. in the first place, the writing of a note in which Lord Willard earnestly begs the favour of a visit from Mr. De la Poer ; in the second, Mr. De la Poer's presenting himself in reply at Willard Tower. He looks pale, thin, and ill. and Lord Willard feel* that he cannot help pitying him, even if his own errors and excesses have brought him to this pass. The boys troop past the window with jingling rein and harness, turning laughing faces fatherwards, as If asking him to hasten and share the fun. ■ | " Perhaps yon .can guess why I have sent for you." says Lord Willard ; he nods at his wild darlings, and shakes a paternal fist. As Mr. De la Poer does not reply he resumes : " One cannot go on playing horses for ever. I want you to consider how you would like the charge of my youngsters. Mr. Darra dale thlnkß it high time they had a better tutor than myself, and w'tH his usual kind ness relieved me of some trouble by recom mending you. Don't decide hastily ; think about it, and we will compare notes at the end of the week." The pale tace flushes—tho muscles of the long, thin throat work convulsively ;. and Lord Willard is all at once seized with anxiety about his flower beds —the boys are so careless it would seem. Presently he leaves the window, and sits down again, a little embarrassed now. " The next question." hs says, " is per sonal ; and I first wish you to believe that only the strongest possible reasons induce me to ask it. I have made the acquaint ance of a Mrs. Dorothea De la Poer ; her husband was *De la Poer, of Chester. Da you know her ?" . • to be dragged forth, when after a lengthy pause the reply cornea. "My only brother married her. Lord Willard breathes again. After-all. it is not so bad. He so evidently " asks for more" with eager eyes and brows that De la Poer resumes, in a tone studiously cool and impassive:— ."He fell among bad company, and mar ried toenoath bjni. It was an unfortunate marriage, and ended in utter ruin. All that he had went, all that I had went, to support a ifalHn«r house. When -everylMngt was lost, and the oM home had to be sold my brother sent for mo, and committed bis child to my care." He stops here, wiping some moisture from his forehead, and Lord Willard looks down. I am sorry." he says, "deeply sorry to pain you. Don't tell me any more. I in tended asking Mrs. De la Podr to be my wife, and I think she has encouraged me. I hope you consider that sufficient to justify my Inquiry ?'• . - De la Peer' stare* tar a moment or two, then colour*'deeply.' " Perhaps I had ibetter finish my story " he says. '• My brother toft his child to my care because he kuew hie own fate, and that shortly he would be dead to the world, and he did -not look upon his wife as a lit guardian ; it was arranged privately among us. Bbc has *een a little premature in her encouragement of you, since Bertram is still living, though hia dayo are numbered." "Are you sure?" cries Lord Willard, springing up. "I should ibe. since I maintain him in the asylum. As this is of vital importance to you, I am willing to show you the latest letters from the doctors." " But—she—does she know—•-?" . "That he i« co near death ? I should say that she does, and that that may explain her conduct to you." j Lord Willard has not meant to finish his question in that -way. having the hop? that Mrs. De la Poer may have believed, her husband dead. He shudders, with a sudden slc-k loathing. " Has she •been always willing that you should have entire care of her son 7" he asks, at last. " Has she left you to main tain hueband and child alike ?" " Why not ?" «ays De la 'Poer. simply, j "I am a man. she a woman : and, as I understand, in comparative poverty herself. It may tax her powers sufficiently, to sup port herself, but she has never sought help from nw ; she. has washed'her hands of us, one and all." The autumn flowers, and the smooth lawn and the winding path are melted into one blurred mass before Lord Willard's eyes ; the voices of his children sound dim and I remote ; he cannot understand this self abnegatien, this patient bearing of :o many burdens, half so clearly as he understands what he has escaped. The little bijou house, and the dainty mistress are hileoiM •in his eyes. What is she but " a basil plant, flourishing wonderfully on the brains of a murdered man V* Well, her presenti ment la fulfilled ; she will never s«« him again. He feels that be should "go down on bis knees and tbank heaven, fasting." that he was not carried by impulse and pas sion to hi« own destruction. A we?k later Phillppa. walking homeward from a woodland ramble, laden with many tinted lfavea and brown c?n by Mr. De la Poer, and thug she is the first to hear of and to congratulate him on his new appointment They t.re at the rectory gate wbon be takes leave of her, excusing himself from going inside. " I suppose it ia always to be 'Mo ?' " she says, wHh resignation. " I will not refuee when next you ask me," he tells her. "Very well. then. T will hold you to your promise," she returns, and they part. At come distance along the lane he looks back, to see her still standing at the old gate, her face in its spring-like bloom and beauty turned towards him ; thus much he sees, but not the day when its brightest smile, its fondest welcome, its loveliest glow, shall be for bim alone^-yet even now such day is dawning, and out of darkness shall come light. • 