LITERATURE. BOOKS UP TO DATE. STYLE; FORCED AND NATURAL. "One hates nn author that's all author; fellows In foolscap uniforms turned up with ink! So very clever, superfine, and jealous. One don't know what to say or what to ihlnlc, Unless to puff 'ein with a pair of bellows." Grub-street sends out just as many scribblers of this self-appreciative wind- bag order now as it did in Byron's day. "Culture" is thoir watch word: also Soul. Their mental Pharisecism is a gentlemanly sentiment, expressing itself in such pretty, high-toned words that you feel quite im pressed, nnd begin cudgelling your brains in earn est to discover what It all means. In the mean time, fellow-apostles hurry upon the scene, heat ing tho drum and trombone to tho cries of "Here's genius!" "Hero's High Art!" "Here's profun dity!" while the great public, which does its thinking by proxy, waves banners, heaps up laurel 1 wreaths, and obediently cries, "Pretty Polly" until further notice. The much-belauded one3 are amiably condescending on the whole, when It comes to literary criticism; and criticism is their strong point. Thoy are really kind to Shakespeare; and would have very little objection to Milton, if his stylo could only bo remodelled ou tho new. decorative pattern. Now, what i6 this "style" our Solons talk so much about? Let us see. Thorc is a young writer, Mr. Francis Grierson by name, who has just presented an expectant world— at least, I10 regards his littlo circlo as such— with a hook on "Modern Mysticism," pub lished by Georgo Allen. Tlint hook lies before us now, and its tempting title reminds us of tho pleasant anticipation with which wo opened Its leaves, to find— what? A stylo; tho brand-new style; Verhaeren and Maeterlinck, with a dash, of Matthew Arnold, and none of tho sterling qualities of theso deservedly respected authors. Following upon an Imaginary dialogue concerning "Macbeth" between Euripides and Aeschylus, wherein wo aro gravely told that tho banquet scene is an "illusion combined with mystery, . . . elcgnntly worked and portrayed," wo come upon tho following gem of lucid thought and apt imagery: — -"Cast your line into tho troubled waters of the moralist, sound his heart, dive still far ther, clutching at tho craggy projections in the descent of his metaphysics, harpoon tho monster in the obscurity of ills thought, and you will have caught — what? A balloon of air which cannot rise to the empyrean," etc., etc. This is tremen dously imposing; in fact, unique. A fisherman diving into deep water to harpoon an air balloon suggests a new and original subject for meta phorical illustration. Here is a sentence that sounds fine — until you prick it, and let tho gas out:— "Ibsen is eminently idealistic, because so actually scientific-, whilst Tolstoi's thought Is un scientific because primitive." Again "There has not been during the century a more powerful ex ample of provincial ascendancy springing from dogmatic will. And yet tho celebrated Russian is sincere." IVhy "and yet?" There is really nothing in all this factory-mado literature. Half the success of "Aylwin" lay in its magnificently audacious lack of sense and grammar— 'the success of the clever cheap-jack. By tho way, that re minds us of an amusing recipe for "Aylwin Stew, ' by Arthur Pendennis, clipped from "Books of To day and Bdoks of To-morrow " "Take luminous foreheads, and garnish with rue And plenty of Romany, Borrowed or new, And sunset, and fate, and Pre-Raphaelite chutney, And stand twenty years iu an oven at Putney. , » After such disturbing and indigestible stuff as "Modern Mysticism," which keeps tho conscien tious reviewer dutifully on tho rack, and leaves him with nothing for his pains but a headache and a fit of spleen, it is pleasant to turn to restful, witty, leisured writing, liko "The Etchingham Letters," by Ella Fuller Maitlnud and Sir Frede rick Pollock (Smith, Elder, and Co.), a copy of .which is forwarded from the Sydney Book Club, Tho volume contains an. imaginary correspondenco between Sir Richard Etchingham, Bart., an Aiiglo- lndian officer of tho Political Department, and his sister Elizahcth. Various relatives are introduced, mostly in tho third person, among them Margaret, Sir Richard's daughter, Laura, Lady Etchingham, a widowed sister-in-law, and a pair of brothers — one a barrister, who believes In Homo Rule, and is generally crushed by the family. Sir Richard and Elizabeth, who discourse in these "Letters" on every imaginable topic, from cycling and gardening to politics, Pater, Japanese art, and French poetry, aro thorough book-lovers. But Dieu merci! their book-love, liko thc-ir cleverness— and they say somo very clever things sometimes— is as frco from preciosity as from ostentation. Laura seenjs to be a source of half-tblerant, half-critical amusement to both letter-writers. Sho is altogether a saddening dame, though ono of tho most finished portraits in tho hook. "Wo went," writes Elizabeth, parodying clever ly tho Ossian manner. "In tho hands of tho Camelry (tho bevy of domestics is hero alluded to) was tlio immense dressing-bag of Laura. Filled with everything needless is tho immense dressing-hag of Laura. In the thoughts of Laura was the awful fear of enervation. Sho waked her own sad talo at every step. . . . "Stately aro Laura's steps in enerva tion. Stately is Laura on tho platforms of rail way stations. In her hands are 110 parcels. Tho Camelry is broken down with parcels. Many aro tbo parcels of the Camelry. Many and immense. . . . Fat was the man from Glasgow who ate jam sandwiches. Fat and heated and red. Exult ing in the strength of his appetite. O ye ghosts of heroes dead! behold Laura boxed up in a rail way carriago with a fat man eating jam sand wiches. Wo looked, wo wondered. Laura shrank." Mrs. Vivian is an amusing butterfly, with grown-up daughters, and a silent husband, of whom she is always making sport. He in return thinks her the loveliest, dearest, wittiest woman In the world, and enjoys her persiflage immense ly in his quiet way. "I was called yesterday from my writing to tho drawing-room, thero to find Mrs. Vivian — between whom and Laura, by tho way, there is no love lost. Mrs. Vivian shocks Laura; Laura bores Mrs. Vivian. Is It better to ho bored or shocked? . . Mr. Vi vian's taciturnity was tho subject of Mrs. Vi vian's flow of words. (She looks as pretty as ever, and grows younger with the years; sho is ten years younger than her daughters already.) "My husband," sho said, "ndver speaks, unless It is to ask if anyone has seen his umbrella, or knows where 'Bradshaw' is. When . I tell him he really must talk, ho says he can't — he has nothing to say. X daro say he hasn't. Still, it would he a relief if ho would even groan, or strike the hours, liko tho clock." Mrs. Vivian delights in Mr. Biggleswade, the very modern vicar, who is poet as well as cleric. "Are those your pagan love-poems sho asks him," "Or are they the verses in which you generously praiso Christianity," "So kind of Mr. Biggleswade to believe, is it not?" Brother and sister write equally well. Each has the samo perfectly well-bred tolerance for all forms of belief, the samo whimsical, pleasant turns of speech, tho samo quiet senso of humor. There is a letter about Maeterlinck; also an imanginary dlaloguo between Maeterlinck's bust and that of Dr. Johnson, which Stand side by sido on a shelf. "Sir, you are a fool," says Dr. John son. "I am not happy, I am not happy," replies tbo Belgian Shakespeare." Tempting passages for quotation on all kinds of subjects meet tho eye; aud, after Grierson, tho Etchinghams, with their happy, light, brainy, but not bookish style, take a double value. But we make a virtue of spaco necessity; and throw in only, by way of conclusion, two or threo of the cycling proverbs to ho found in the "Letters." "Tho inches of our gear are threescore and ten; and though there be somo so strong that they ride four score, yet is tlielr speed hut labor and sorrow at the day's ond, when they fetch their wind short upon a hill." "Of two manner of peopio thou shalt havo a Caro, and fleo from the third as an host of tho heathen: a deaf man which walketh in tho dark ness, and children which run violently out of school at noontide, and a constable with girded loins who lurketh after sunsetting." "Blessod is the damsel whose cruise of oil falleth not, and who looketh to her own tires; and, behold, lie that taketh her to wife shall prosper." 