?COLLISION MB COL LDSIBN. ? «. — . — : — . ? . .? . j [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED!] BY BENNETT COLE. . (Author of 4'Ihe Avenging of Hiram,' etc.) .';. The-influence'of street corners upon the desti nies of the human race is one of those histories which, as the gen oraVphrase runs, still remains to be written. There is, for instance, a North Lon don corner which forms, the apex of an irregular triangle of houses whose base lies in the vicinity of Muswell Hill. At the cxtremities'Jbf tills base, whose length runs to something under half a mile, are two houses^-one the home of Miss Florence Baguley, the other containing single apartments for -a gentlenian known as Fred. May bury. Titese two were as completely ignorant of each other's existence as if they had lived in contiguous houses; and. yet an identically similar idea oc curred to both of them at half-past C on a delight ful evening in May. The roads converging upon the aforesaid apex offer such unusual advantages for the bicycle-cult that FioreECe aud Fred started for the disastrously acute angle within three min utes of each other; gaily regardless of whatever might befall, and proudly conscious that their re spective machines lacked none of ibe iauest im provements. When it is understood that Flor ence was engaged to play the piaco all day— upon a type-writer — and that Fred was officially - em ployed as a head-clerk in Paternoster Row, no thing is more necessary it? way of introduction. Fred. Maybury, .then, rode up one side of the triangle; his cap jauntily cocked over his left ear and liis hands in his pockets; affording to the passers-by that spectacle of devil-may-care reck i^ssness. whicti is the peculiar prerogative of ycung men. The fact is, Free o twenty-fifth birthday was sufficiently near to be mere than ordinarily welcome; 'for, on that auspicious anni versary, he was to become a third partner is the firm of Maybui-y and Evans. The present head of thet firm, Fred's uncle, was .an old-fashioned gentleman of old-world ideas; and that is why Fred's subordinate position required him to ad dress his father's brother as 'Sir.' Neverthe less, this fortunate nephew had shown such pro mise in gauging the merits of a manuscript, asd had- exhibited such ingenuity in the art of de clining with thanks, that half a dozen lucky ventures had already been set*down to his credit. Of these and kindred subjects he was thinking as he drew uear to the corner. He had just made up nis mind, like the light- hearted, generous fel low he was, that when he came- into power all deserving men — yea, ar;J maidens also — should have exceptional advartages for making a name in the world of letters, when, he heard the sharp strrr of a bicycle bell on the other side cf the triangle's apex. Without removing his hands from their shelter, he lurched the machine into the opsn; aud then — why, then, what was left of two bicycles testrewed the roadway, and he found a youug lady in his arms, locking up at him with brown eyes of questioning wonder. 'Are you hurt?' was his first remark, as a pleasurable thrill ran up that nerve cf the arm which is popularly supposed to connect itself with the heart. The giri withdrew herself, and hastily began to tidy her hair, v/hieh appeared to have been re cently combed with a hay-rake. 'No,' she said. 'Are you? And why don't you keep to your own side of the road?' This latter query was rather hard on Fred; because, if anybody was on tne wrong side, it was certainly n.ot he. Fred ignored the ques tion. 'Fm afraid you must be bruised — somewhere,' he replied, looking her baldly in the face and then coloring at his temerity. 'Net in the least, thank you. Which'— she pointed to the recumbent 'machines— 'which is mine, and which is yours?' 'Mine has my name on it, so that ? ' 'Of course; so has mine.' Oa ordinary occasions Fred would have asked ?himself why on earth, then, a girl should ask such a foolish question. But this -was not an ordi nary occasion; not by any means. He con doned the offence; and separated the locked vehicles. 'Mine,' he said, after an unnecessarily pro longed examination, ^eems to have come cult of the — the melee with credit. Yourc, I fear, lias suffered. The back wheel is jammed, somehow, and the front spokes appear to be tied in knots. You can't ride home on this thing. Pray allow me to atone for my stupidjty in running you down by borrowing you a machine to go — wherever it is. Give me your address, and I will deliver this inva lid, and wait until you have finished your ride.' It was kindly meant; but Florence declined to put him to any such inconvenience. By this time the crowd which had watched the catastrophe thought itself entitled to listen to the conversa tion, and began to gather round the pair. Fred noticed the movement; then, with some sudden regard for maidenly modesty, almost lifted his com panion- into the saddle of the bicycle lie had per sisted in borrowing from a house opposite, and whispered to her to ride home while he followed with the 'remains.' This arangement enabled him to note the name and address of this sweet nymph, engraved upon a silver shield, which he carefully copied into his note-book. For a whole week of evenings did Fred. May bury explore both sides of the' triangle, hoping to catch another glimpse of the girl he had momen tarily held in his arms; but sue .was nowhere to be seen. Nevertheless, a roguish pair of eyes had ? watched him from the shelter of a window curtain, axid observed how deliberately the speea of. a certain bicycle was checked as it passed No. 247 Wand&worth; Villas. His periodical and evi dently designed appearance had the effect of im prisoning the object of his search; for, as Florence remarked to her friend, 'I can't very well go out while be's parading up and down. It's a dreadful nuisance, too, now that the bicycle is men ded.' Some similarity of reflection must have oc curred to Fred; for he ceased to haunt Wands worth Villas in the hope that his absence might decoy this lovable maiden from seclusion. The strategy failed, however, for Florence chose an other route for bicycle exercise. And that is the end of act I. II. 'Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear!' This piteous wail came from the private offices of Maybury and Ev ans, and from the lips of a white-haired oid gen tleman whose countenance .was expressive of un limited benevolence — although a publisher's. 'Fred!' he called through the open door, 'juet come here for a moment.' Fred, in the outer office, laid down a manuscript and presented him ueSf with alacrity. 'Why don't you come when I call?v There was irritation and impatience , in the voice, which instantly changed as Fred an nounced, 'I'm here, sir.' * 'Oh, you're there? Oh dear me! Here's an other boomerang, Fred. Sayce and Windle's pri vate mark upon page 15 and a dozen others. Been all over London,' I'll go bail. Poor girl, poor girl! Why can't she turn her mind to— to — anything ra ther than literature. Oh dear me!- Girls are the plague of one's existence. Don't you ever marry, Fred. Be a bachelor like me. Some day I'll tell you my own experience — '' If Fred was ignorant of his uncle's one love story it was not for want of opportunities for listening to its lecital. Mr. Maybury considered his experience unique; whereas it was merely a repetition of Chloe's acceptance of devotion from one swain only to fly. away with another. '—and tell her kindly, but seriously, that we really- can't,' the old gentleman concluded. 'What makes youvthink a woman wrote it, sir?' Fred asked, as he took the manuscript from his uncle's band. 'I don't think; I know. I've read three pages only, and 'Woman' is stamped upon all of W Besides, she calls herself 'George.' Read it your self and see.' ' ? . ' « . ? Fred took the typed manuscript into the outer office, and sat down to examine it. After rapidly skimming, three lines at a time, some dozen pa ges chosen at haphazard, a curious look came into his/aee. ; He turned to the covering page, and saw that, it Tfyas ?? numbered 31,534. Evidently, then, it had passed through their reader's hands. JPzed. looked up at that i-eader's report and scanned it eagerly. 'Full of ^promise— conversation '';boo ?stilted in i^ris-r-character-draisMig. ,fauy . but: locea- eionally weak— might1 do. for 'a serial, .but dok't recommend It for. bobkrfdrmi'V Ai amused cnutjlde escaped Fred as he reached out his hand :&r.w;ien-ir^c^$-led^rl]...19Plio;':couldrhaye written this particular story %iuch he knew by ^ heart? Here it was: .' 'George . Revell, '247 Wandswjorth Villas, N; ???:,:?*?'.:?;; :'--/ ;..:-.? ;''. y.''.-7., :-'--;/V ?'?? -;/ 'Byf-Joye!' ,Jie ^.^abliia^^':^d..^vstaIlng''''^;' the m$iiiiscrljgti 'V:''i:'v':;hl':- '.???:?.??'?''/?' t' :??-??''?-' :-r v :' So Miss ;^lorenee Baguley, the girl— young ^ lady — who had rui ' into him, '.-yearned:' to become a novelist! . Wait; -cbitfd'ihat 'collision have been a mere .^cciaenti 'flriiwas 'It rather designV^pro -ldential .design? .'. Fred,- mechanically selected a new \sheet !of ^ brown Sajper^-aiid. made a parcel' of manuscript and ^reader's /report. .? ; j£ brilliant -idea iiad occurred' to Min, and he ^Intended to see if 'it wmJfj:WoT*'wit---. ?;.:;;?',;/??',;? '?,/?? \\-r-;': :. ;'.' ?.'?'. .... ? ~':\; :?? ./'V'--' ?'*? '??:?.','.''???', '???..'?? 'w-W ?:? ':'?-..?'??':'?-?.; ?.?'?:/V' ::;??-':'. ?~-;i.-: His jStglectea bicycle began to pine for the usual wash-leather and oil can, but they came not. Fred's evenings find, occasionally, after noons, were now devoted to the lubrication and polishing of a. rejected manuscript. With his own technical knowledge to help him, and aided , by the report, he so transformed the story as to're verse the reader's verdict. Within six weeks Fred-began to revise the' proof sheets: and, in due time, a bound volume made its appearance on his uncle's desk. And all this was under taken at his own risk. . - Mr. Maybury. 'had, cf course, long ago for gotten the existence of George or any -other Eeveil;. for what is one manuscript amongst hundreds a week? But he burst inio the office one -morning, 'with the book in his hand, and peremptorily summoned his nephew to private conference. 'Fred,' he whispered, 'it's all about me— me, d'ye hear? It's the ghost of Charlotte Chal loEer, and sbe's written, a novel. Very fine one, too, but I can't make out how we came to publish it. I saw her death in the papers years ago, I tell you. It's a s-ost of a novel, aiid all true — every word of it. Oh! dear! oh! dear! What ever ,siiall I do! ®I shs'l be the laughing-stock of the wbolo Oily. How many copies are sold?' '?'None, sir. llsie your mind perfectly easy. Think how long ago it is since you — you were re fused.' 'True, true. .I'm seventy-five — nearly. Fifty yeaiK ago it must be, Fred. Find out this George EevfcJl. and see if her name is Challoner— if she's any relation to Charlotte. Charlotte's maiden name was Tumbril— old Tumbril's daughter, the banker. Perhaps she's in want, poor thing; no body writes novels that isn't poor. Find her out, my boy, and ask her to come and see an old man! What are you shaking your head for?' 'Why, sir, the lady who wrote this novel is called Florence Bagul^y.' 'Baguley— Baguley?— Nonsense. I tell you it's Charlotte's -own handiwork. Nobody knows this story except Charlotte and me. Why, I can see the very room she describes; don't I know every incli of it? Aad if you want to see your uneit^s portrait, as he was fifty years ago, Just you study the character of 'Tom Lightwood.* There — get away, and find this George Revell.' And this was the end of Act II. III. It was easy enough to find ''George Revell,' but by no meaas so easy to come within speech of her. A trim litile serving-maid took Mr. Fred Maybury's card to Miss Florence Baguley, and returned with the request that the gentleman would make her the bearer of a message concern ing his particular business. However, after some skirinislilDg, Fred was ushered inio the presence and, there and then, succumbed to the embodi ment of grace asd beauty erstwhile nestled in his protecting arms. A rush of culor to cheeks and brow told him that she ait least had not forgotten an awkward situation; but she stood, with one hand upon a table for support, and looked the question she was too agitated to ask. Fred laid a brown paper parcel on the same table and be gan tc explain. ' 'I come, madam, from the publishing firm of Maybury asd Evans— or, as it will shortly be Maybury, Evans, and Maybury'. I believe you sent us the manuscript of a novel?' 'Oh!' Florence caught her breath. 'Yes I did.' ' eej'^111 you d0 me the £avor to open that par ^'^h!' They Were tremblinS fingers which wrestled impatiently with the knot. 'It has come back once more, then?' 'Yes and I think for the last time. Don't prav There!'0136 °r~y°Ur fin^ers- ™° my penknife.' Florence took one rapid glance at the bmnd vo lume lying in all its glory before her; then co vered her face with her hands. '-Oh, it's not true! It can't be true! We— I— have waited months and months, and watched for a letter every morning.' 'Ter-es,' said Frea savagely, as if he wanted to kick somebody. 'It was overlooked, and I have to offer a thousand apologies for the carelessness £ » frfr~Ci Ttbve cfflce-k°y- However, there it is at W; and I beg to offer you my congratula tions, Miss Baguley.' -;Me?' Ehe laughed, and pointed to a tvpe writer. 'That is all I had to do. with it Walt 'K01^1 ShC ran t0 the door' and ca'ed Edith, Edith, come— quick!' And then 'George Revell' came into the room ™, / Slrt, Sn FloreDce'- a gfrl with tired eyes and a pale face. She was dressed in black bcco^na^JIfhe? ^ M ' '» ^^ ^ 'Tell her all about it, Mr. Maybury.' said Flo rence. And Fred obeyed. It required some little I Tf *ng€nuity to establish a footing in this secluded heme; but, by adopting the role cf pub liEner, Fred managed to tone down the stiffness and reserve until the convc-rsation became quite chatty and friendly. It is to be feared, however teat, the ha:r of Maybury and Evans would have stood en eud— what there was of it— if that highly respectable firm could have heard the golden esti mate of cue poor novel as calculated by its pro spective junior partner. For it was incidentally mentioned that these two ladies were cousins asd emphans, and that they were not rich was evident from the surroundings. Therefore Fred allowed his imagination to run riot, as he sketched the promise cf the future, caring nothing for the day of reckoning which was bound to come sooner or later. After which, and by coaxing, Fred became pos sersed of the origin of the novel. Edith Challo ner, otherwise .George Revell. had gathered from her deaa nicthtr's diaries sufficient material foi the purposes cf a story. On the other hand, Fred's intimacy with his uncle's love^tory (as toId b the old gentleman bJir.self) enabled the reviser to fall up gap.3 and supply details until the etary was as complete as two knowing pens could make it. Mr. Maybury might well be startled at the faithful reproduction of events in which he had been a principal actor, and collapse imto speechlessne^ when cenfrcnted with his own descriptive phrases. It was altogether a delightful evening; so de lightful that two unmarried young ladies forgot that they were entertaining a young unmarried gentleman who seemed in no hurry to depart- so very interesting that Fred, decided to postpone'lii' uncle's invitation to 'George Revell' so as to make it the basis for further intimacy. How that in timacy ripened may be gathered from the fol lowing conversation some months afterwards. 'Fred,'— it was Florence who was speaking ? 'does the 'Press,' as you call it, transmogrify every manuscript in the same way?' 'It sometimes happens so, sweetheart.' 'Because I remember every word of Edith's novel. I must have typed it four or five times and I seemed to miss lobs of things when I read it in print.' . ._ 'Fault of the 'guillotine,' I expect. It shaves away a good deal at a time.' 'And yet manages to make things read so smoothly? I should like to get at the bottom of that mystery.' 'M — yes. I don't suppose you ever will. Do you remember the time ? when you bowled me over?' * * * * , 'Edith, my dear,' Mr. Maybury was saying, 'you grew more and more like your dear mother everv day. But beware of the boys. Boys are the plague of one's existence.. Don't you ever marry my dear. Be. an old bachelor, like me. Some day I'll tell yx)u my own experience. Just run and fetch those foolish young people and tell them dinner's :feady.; BJh?^What?' * 'I was. saying, sir,' Edith made answer, 'that I already know most of your experience of fifty years ago. Suppose you write me an introduction for the new edition of my novel?' (Curtain.) 