The Public Meeting. By half-past seven the great hall was crammed by an eager and expectant audience, the aisles and doorways were occupied by persons standing and hundreds went away unable to gain admittance. Mr. A- R. Mote, the talented, though youthful organist of the Central Mission was at the great organ which he manipulated in a manner such as to delight the crowd of listeners.. Punctually at the appointed time the Chairman, the Hon. E. Vickery, M L.C. took the chair, having as Vice-Chairmen supporting him on either side, John Hardy, Esq., of Strathfield and R. H. Ducker, J. P., of Cabarita ; the front seats of the platform were occupied by the speakers and the members of Executive Committee. Other seats were occupied by a large number of ministers and representative laymen, with a few distinguished visitors from thfl nthfvr f-nlnnifin. A p.hmV nf 400 voices occupied the stalls reaching away back to the organ The Chairman having announced the first hymn, the immense concourse of people rose, and, led by the organ and choir, sang ' All hail the power of Jesu's name,' with wonderful effect. Then the Rev. C. J. Prescott, M.A. led in prayer. The Organizing Secretary, Rev. Rainsford Bavin, then stepped forward, and addressing the Chairman and audience said : — I beg permission just now to say two things to the audience: — 1 . Our esteemed President, the Rev. John Gardiner, deeply regrets his enforced absence to-night, and sends messages of affectionate greeting and goodwill. On behalf of the Committee, and in the name of this large gathering,. I have to say how sincerely we regret that the President cannot attend ; and unite in the prayer he may soon be perfectly restored to health. 2. I am sorry indeed to announce that, on ac count of sudden and serious in disposition, the venerable John Wats ford has been prevented from keeping his appointment to attend, and speak to-night. We did not know this until our announcements had been all made ; and on his behalf, as well as our own, I have to say we deeply regret his absence, and the cause of it. In this letter I hold in my hand, received on Friday from his daughter, Miss Wats ford writes, ' Father says, ' Please tell the friends at your meeting, that he nopes they will do all for Christ s sake, and according to the claims Christ has upon them.' ' Mr. Bavin also read the following telegrams he had just received from the country. Mr. H. J. Fletcher, of Kadina, in the Parkes Circuit telegraphed : 'Half a country congregation con verted yesterday under James Grimmett, a local preacher, sixteen souls from all parts of the district.' Also the Rev. J. W. Moore, of Kiama, wired ; 'Pente- costal blessings, gracious revival Kiama. Fifty souls yesterday. Praise God.' These announcements were received with great applause. The Chairman on rising was loudly cheered. He said when he was asked by the Committee to preside on this occasion he hesitated, because he knew his voice would not be strong enough to be heard in so large a building. He had, therefore, written out what he would like to say to that great gathering, and . he would now ask the Rev. W. G. Taylor to read it to the meeting. Mr. Taylor then read as follows : — This is the first of a series of great meetings to be held throughout New South Wales, with the primary object of bringing souls to Christ, and next of raising money in furtherance of the work of God. ' Hundreds of thousands of our fellow-colonists are outside the Kingdom of God : outside the Evangelical Churches, and are indifferent to the claims of religion. It is the special busi ness of Methodists to take the Gospel to the unsaved, and to win the masses for the Kingdom of Christ (Hear, hear). Methodism, although doing much, is scarcely keeping abreast with the in creasing population ; is not making such serious inroads into; Satan's do minion as it ought ; is not so enthusi astic and enterprising in regard to. Home and Foreign Missions as their claims demand Why is this ? Why is the Church so comparatively feeble ? May it no't be largely due to the fact that nearly every department of the Church is overburdened with debts ?-— Church and school debts, college and parsonage debts, circuit and mission debts? Consequently, although many Godly men and women offer themselves as labourers in God's vineyard, the means to receive and send them out are not available. We shall soon be entering upon the twentieth century of the Christian era, and this is deemed a fitting time and oppor tunity for Methodists in humble dependence upon God, to arouse them selves and gird on the armour of salva tion and win men and women for Christ by tens of thousands (Hear, hear). It is proposed that Church members should lay themselves out for and aim for the conversion of, at least, fifty thousand souls during the remainder of this and the last year of the nineteenth century (Applause). Now, do not stagger through unbelief ! Is anything too hard for the Lord ? * 4 It is not by might nor by power but by My Spirit, saith the Lord.' Three thousand were converted in one day. And is there not a prophecy that a nation shall be born in a day? (Hear, hear). It is proposed to hold Conventions in every circuit throughout the colony, and simultaneously to ask the Methodist people to contribute at least fifty thousand guineas, to be appropriated in reduction of Church indebtedness, and in providing funds for more aggressive Church work at home and in Foreign Missions (Cheers). The Lrod of Hosts said to His ancient people, ' Bring ye all the tithes into the storehouse, and prove me now herewith, and see if I will not open the windows of Heaven and pour you out such a blessing . that there shall not be room enough to receive it ?' This is the inaugural meeting of the Twentieth Century Fund, and great responsibility rests upon both speakers and audience. For the eyes of the colony will be upon this meeting and it is to be an inspiration, exciting en thusiasm and emulation in every circuit throughout the colony (Applause). Here and noiv a keynote should be sounded that shall reverberate through the whole Methodist connexion and stimulate with revivrl energy the very heaat of the Methodist people (Cheers). Eloquent speeches to-night will not be sufficient. This is a trumpet call, for a practical manifestation of love to Christ, love to His Church and love to the world (Hear, hear). Look to the past history of Methodism and the benefits conferred by it on the wide world. Think of the millions of redeemed souls in heaven, who were saved through its instrumentality. Think of its salutary and stimulating influence upon other Churches ! Think of its persistent maintenance of sound doctrine, and its fidelity to the truth as it is in Jesus, in face of all outward attacks 1 Think of the many conver sions from Satan to the service of God, ? that continue to take place, even in these irreligious days, and say if you have not a goodly heritage in Metho dism? (Applause). Let others claim Apostolic succession! (Hear, hear). We are satisfied that that ministry is in the succession which saves sinners from the error of their ways ; that saves souls from death, and thus hides a multitude of sins (Applause). Methodism has not yet completed its mission, and will not complete it until the second coming of Christ. She has still to disseminate sound doctrine ; to exemplify Scriptural holiness, and cap ture the masses for Christ. As before stated, we shall poon enter upon the Twentieth Century, and the Conference calls for an increase of personal service, for a renewal of connexional loyalty, esprit de corps, and for greater liberality. These objects can only be secured with the blessing of God, and by the united en thusiastic and prayerful efforts of all classes. Fifty Thousand Guineas will be sufficient to relieve depressing and burdensome debts ; greatly assist Home and Foreign Missions, and clear the way for continued vigorous onslaughts on Satan's kingdom (Hear, hear). God works by human instrumentality, therefore, lc- 1 Methodists come to the help of the Lord against the mighty. Let them manifest their thanks to God for His unspeakable gift, and for the traditions of Methodism, by giving to this fund to the full ? extent of their ability (Applause). The desire of the Committee to-night is to ascer tain, not only what the friends pre-ent will now promise, but also to ascertain from representatives, what sums they can promise on behalf of their respective Cir cuits. It is my intention to support the Twentieth Century Fund. I will do so through the Waverley Circuit, where I reside I am glad t-- be able to announce that the Committee of the Waverley Circuit resolved to aim at 2000 guineas as that circuit's contribution (Loud cheers). The hymn beginning ' 0 for a thousand tongues to sing,' was then sung, and naore than five thousand tongues sang the ' Great Redeemer's praise,' to the old tune ' Nativity,' in real old-fashioned Methodist style. The Bev. E. J. Rodd, Ex-President, was received with loud cheers as he stepped forward to move the first resolu tion, as follows: — 'That this meeting rejoices in the goodness of God for the many blessings vouchsafed to the Wes leyan Methodist Church of New South Wales during the Century that is closing, and approves the decision of the Con ference to raise a Century Commemora Ition Fund of Fifty Thousand Guineas.' He said : '.'We are making history to- night. (Cheers.) We have made the first page dowustairs (hear, hear) and we are now going to make the second page upstairs. (Hear, hear.) The first page will be good reading at the end of. the next century. Our descendants will read with pride and admiration about the grand Methodist Tea Meeting, but this page that we are now about to write will be better still, (hear, hoar) as things . spiritual are better than things material. God help us all to-night to . write a page in Ithis place that will be to His glory and to our good. (Applause.) All the Methodists in the country are looking to ] this meeting. (Hear,, hear.) They are ; waiting to hear . what we are going to I say, and they are watching to see what j we are going to do. We must say good I things to-night, and we mu.-t do great ' things to-night. (Hear, hear.) We. are going to strike the first note of .the. music to which this movement will .; inarch (hear, hear), and we want the note to be clear and full and true—a note that will be. a gran d inspiration, for the steps of the march. (Applause.) | This is not to. be a, time for great.. | speeches. ,You do not want great I speeches in the ordinary sense of the j word. You have got the facts, . the j figures and some of the best arguments ? for the Fund already before you. You. I have had the President's letter, which i you will all agree was a, very good one, j and you have had the . special number j: of the Methodist — -a most 'valuable aid to [ this movemeut '. (hear,, hear), and . you, | have had yesterday's, sermons, I was i; wondering about all the texts that would || be preached from .yesterday; — a most j miscellaneous assortment, and. thpugh a miscellaneous assortment, of eggs, they all hatched out one kind cf bird (laughter) and that was the . Ce^ury Commemoration Fund. (Applause.) Now you want to mind, your p's to-night — not you but the speakers including myself ; we wa$t to mind, not our p's and q's, but our p's — speeches pithy, pointed, and practical, and (now comes your part) plentiful (Laughter and applause.) Generally we think that a great many speeches kill a meeting but it is going to be different to-night, and the more practical speeches we get the better meeting we shall have — little speeches of promises to the Century Fund. Silence is not to be golden to night Speech is to be golden — the speeches promising golden guineas to the Century Commemoration Fund. You have got fuel of facts and figures laid in your minds and what we want to-night is the spark which will kindle all that into a blaze of enthusiasm. (Hear, hear.) Now where are we to get the spark? It is in the resolution. (Hear, hear.) Thankfulness to God for His goodness to the Wesleyan Methodist Church during the century that is now closing. That is the match they have givf-n me. Pray God I may be able to strike a light with it to-night. (Hear, hear.) Thank God for His goodness. (Cheers.) That is a lovefeast note. (Hear, hear.) . We have begun it down stairs with eating and drinking, the old fashioned way — a lovefeast - only the eating and drinking were of a little better quality than we sometimes have at lovefeasts. (Laughter.) But this is a unique lovefeast — unique eating and drinking downstairs, and unique experiences upstairs. What has God done for the Methodists ? All old fashioned Methodists like a lovefeast. (Hear, hear.) They have found nothing like the lovefeast for creating enthu siasm. This is not a begging meet ing, not a financial meeting, but a financial lovefeast. I am always an old-fashioned Methodist when I get back to the reminiscences of my boy hood. Some people wish 1 went back to them offcener. (Laughter). But I remember one above all others which stands out in my mind. It was a Yorkshire Love Feast under Peter Mackenzie. You can imagine what sort of a thing that was. (Applause). And vividly imprinted upon my mind is the picture of one good brother who got up to give his experience, and he vented bis enthusiasm by kicking the panel out of the front gallery. (Laughter). That was mis d:rected enthusiasm. We want to-nighc the good old fashioned genuine love-feast enthusiasm, not showing itself in smashing furniture but in giving guineas to the Century Fund. (Applause). What has God done for us? Oh, that would be a long tale to tell, a sweet hymn to sing, but for most of us the refrain would always be what ' God has done for us !' Whatever Hel has done for us He has done through the Methodist Church. (H.ear, hear). What has God dpne for the Methodist Church? What, indeed ! 'Many, 0 Lord my God are Thy wonderful works and Thy thoughts which are to usward.' (Applause). 1 was reading the Chairman's reminis cences in the Methodist (Hear, hear). We do not wish him to be an old man, but we are very glad that he has lived long enough in the world to be able to give us those valuable and interesting reminiscences (Applause). When the Chairman landed in Sydney in 1833, he made his first acquaintance with Aus tralian Methodism. What was it like ? Australian Methodism was like what ihe Chairman himself must have been at that time — a very little thing (Laughter). Three ministers,' Orton Simpson, Scho field, three circuits, Sydney, Parramatta, and Windsor, and one hundred and thirteen members. That represented the Methodism of New South Wales. Tlje -Minutes of the Conference for this year gives these figures as representing Methodism to-day : — 'In New South .Wales alone there are 136 ministers, as against the three ; 112circuits as 'against the three ; 10,500 members as against the 113, and nearly 90,000 adherents of our ..Church (Applause). Truly God has done great things for us. We are , proud of Methodism (Hear, hear). The map, who is ashamed of Methodism does not kpow what it is (Hear, hear), what it has done (Hear, hear), or else his soul is incapable of appreciating the true element of dignity and of honour (Hear, hear). God has greatly blessed our Church, and before God we are proud of it (Applause) ; proud of its position, proud of the work He has enabled it to do, but with no selfish, carnal, pride. Our hearts beat to-niglit with a double throb, the throb of pride that blends itself with the throb of humble gratitude to God (Hear, hear). ' Not unto us, O Lord, not unto us, but unto Thy name be the glory ' (Cheers). And the growth of our Methodism has meant blessing and privilege all round. I think of the beautiful figures in the Book of Revela tion, 'The water of the river of life, and the tree of life whose fruits were for the healing of the nation.' By the mercy of God, the deepening and the widening of Methodism has been life to many a sinful soul, the outgrowing of His branches and the multiplication of His trees have been the healing of the shame aud sorrow of numberless lives. You have, perhaps, in heaven parents, a husband, a wife, children ; it was through the Methodist Church that, by' the grace of God, they reached that serene and glorious rest Its ministrations brought them to Christ. Its teachings enabled them to live well and to die well. (Applause). Methodism, under Gqd, 1 has given us the power to sing from our souls the experience of our glorious hymns : He breaks the power of cancelled sin, He sets the prisoner free, His blood can make the foulest clean, His blood availsfor me.' (Hearty applause.) Methodism under God has helped us to sing that (Cheers). ' My God is reconciled, His pardoning voice I hear.' Methodism under God has helped us to sing that (Renewed cheering). ' My God I am thine, What a comfort divine. ' What a blessing to know That my Saviour is mine.' It has helped us to sing that. (More cheering.') 'Then let our songs abound, And every tear be dry, We are marching through Immanuel's land, To fairer world's on high.' It has helped us to sing that. (Great applause.) Now this is an appeal to us to benefit Methodism, and we have struck the love-feast note The love feast spirit will do this for us.* People say it is impossible to raise Fifty Thousand Guineas. Not if you get the holy enthusiasm. (Applause.) You may look at the shallow river and say ' It is impossible that it should ever be full to the brim,' but when the sun is warm enough to melt the snows Jupon the mountain sides, that river will run bank high. Let the love of God melt our hearts, and the stream of liberality will flow and overflow. (Cheers.) When the movement began in England, men there said it was impossible to raise a million guineas. But they held their financial love feasts ; (hear, hear) they caught the love-feast spirit ; and the love-feast spirit made all things possible. (H-ar, hear.) That call to raise a million guineas was a call that set Methodism at home upon its metal : it was a call intended to shew what kind of stuff English' Methodists were made made of. Now we see what English Methodism can do, when put upon its metal — 700,000 guineas already. (Great applause.) Now we see what English Methodists are, and what stuff they are made of. British pluck and perseverance are with the Britons under the Southern Cross. (Applause.) The heart of British Methodism beats in air good Australian Methodists. (Hear, hear.) We are a chip off the old block, (hear, hear.) and we are going to de monstrate that by raising our own Fund in the spirit and manner in which they have raised theirs. ? (Applause.) ? Do you know what Methodists can do ? Do you know what Methodism does when her heart glows with the flame of holy love and, gratitude to God, and she sets herself ;to do a great task for him ? She takes the Dictionary and rules out two words — ' Failure ' and ' Impossible.' (Applause.)' We have' a Methodist abridgement of the Liturgy. This is the Methodist abridgement 'of the Die tionary. When the love-feast spirit fire3 and fills the heart of Methodism,, there is no thought of halt or failure. She just ' Laughs at impossibilities, And cries it shall be done.' (Great applause.1 The Rev. George Lane, in seconding the resolution, said:— 'Mr. Chairman,. Vice Chairmen, Brothers and Sisters; Wesleyan Methodists and Fellow Australasian Christians. (Cheers.) I. feel it to be an honour and a pleasure . ' to second this resolution. Permit me, Mr. Chairman, to congratulate you upon presiding over, and you my friends upon constituting this magnificent assembly. A thousand welcomes to you all! May the Divine Benediction. ' descend upon us all and abide with us always. (Applause ) This is a grand, meeting on behalf of a great and worthy cause 1 We firmly trust in God. and confidently look to you to make this Century Commemoration Fund a. glorious success. Such a meeting a& this is encourages us to hope, to work, to give, to pray, and to feel assured of the ultimate accomplishment of our bold and daring purpose to raise the sum of 50,000 guineas, in acknowledg ment of God's manifold and rich blessings to the Wesleyan Methodist Church of New South Wales during the century that is closing and in the furtherance of the moral, patriotic, and spiritual aims of this branch of the Church of Jesus Christ in the mother colony of Australia. (Cheers.) We do well to rejoice to-night, it is our bounden duty to give thanks unto th& Lord, for His unspeakable gift, in the Person and Mission of His Beloved Son. Jesus Christ, and for those other gifts and blessings which He has bestowed upon us through the Holy Spirit and the Christian Church. In our Jubilee Services years ago we sang of giving thanks 'as loud as thunders and sweet as angels' praise ' for fifty years of blessings. To night we give thanks unto God for ninety years of uninterrupted divine favors and mercies. And with such increased obligation, such multiplied blessings, our praise? should be nobler and louder as our gratitude is deepened and intensified, and our duties and responsibilities as a branch of th& Christian Church in this country are more than doubled. (Cheers). I have about ten minutes in which to speak of a century of blessing, vouchsafed by God to the Wesleyan Methodist Church in New South Wales. It seems almost like presumptuous folly on my part to attempt such a task. But the call of duty is upon me, and I must obey. Hear what I can say, imagine what I ought to have said, and credit me with that lengthy, argumentative, eloquent and convincing Speech of an hour's length .which I might desire to have delivered ; and permit that great speech, as yet unspoken by me, so! to impress your minds, stir your souls, and move you to devise such liberal things^ as that by a, giaiit stride, by one mighty - leap of generous enthusiasm and Christlike self-sacrifice, we may bring the record 6f the ' contributions and promises to the Fund up to the noble 7 sum 'of 20,000 guineas. (Applause). This nineteenth century has been an ' epoch-making one in the history ' of New South Wales, and of our own Church in the colony and in Aus tralia and Polyneisia, and the world at ' ' large. During this century Wesleyan Methodism was planted iri the Southern, world, and has* been fostered,' guarded, ' ' ?and prospered by God's Almighty Hand I .''' In the first decade of the century it had no existence here, but it soon began to-' 1 be, it is, and I hope that it is1 to be here 1 '' ' while the world endureth.' (Cheers.) ' The God of our fathers is with ius. He. ' has' made us tens of thousands of times more numerous th4n our fathers were* 'It is God' that builds His Church':''' '' ... we must never forget this. (Hear, hear.) We may build sanctuaries- c-f wood or brick or stone for His worship, ' but He is the Builder of the Spiritual Church of Jesus Christ on earth. 'Paul plariteth,' ApollOs wateretb, biit God' ' ? giveth the increase.' His benediction has fallen upon us all through our Church history in this gre;-t Southern land, from the year 18L2, when the two pioneers and human founders of Wes leyan Methodism in Australia, Messrs. Bowden and Hosking, arrived in this city, and, true to their Churcu instincts and traditions, at once commenced that ' characteristic institution of the Method ism of those days — the weekly class meeting. (Cheers.) This has been a. century of scientific investigation . and discovery, of Bible circulation and study, of Christian missionary ?enterprise and of humane efforts for the improvement of the condition of society, of the redressiug of Bocial ?wrongs, of earnest, vigorous and Christly ?efforts for the welfare of man's body as well as the salvation of his soul. It has also been a century of Imperial expansion and British colonisation ; of the widening of the Empire, and of the rapid and marvellous expansion of Methodism. At the beginning of the century she was limited in her Church work to a few lands, and numbered only some 150,000 members through out the world. To-day these number about five millions of Church members, while the adherents of the Church number over 25 millions of people — and on each of the five continents, in almost all lands, and many islands of the seas. (Applause.) One of the most remark able facts of the 19th Century to be recorded by the historian of the future is the expansion of England and the growth of the British Empire ; and an equally striking and momentous fact for the Church historian of the future is the wonderful expansion of Methodism and its growth during the century into one of the largest and most influential of the Protestant Churches of the Empire and of the world. (Loud cheers.) The former will contribute to the peace, the justice, and the civilisation of the world. The other will powerfully aid in the religious life, the moral elevation and the evelasting weal of the tribes and nations of mankind. (Applause.) In this great financial effort of ours we are trying to embody the spirit and teaching of the consecrated William Carey's immortal sermon, preached at the founding of the Baptist Missionary Society — 'Attempt great things for ?God, expect great things from God.' We may certainly implore God's blessing upon this work and your hearty ?co- operation. (Hear, hear.) We do well to rejoice and be glad — and Doxol ogies ought to be many and prolonged. Our ' Hallelujah Chorus ' must be the tuneful and triumphant expression of our gratitude to God for all the blessings of the 19th Century. (Cheers ) The Divine blessing rested upon the church when the British Conference ?commissioned Samuel Leigh as its first missionary to the Southern world. (Hear, hear.) That blessing came upon him in Pentecostal power and grace when in great discouragement he found the home of John Lees at Castlereagh, the veteran soldier so strongly con \- verted to God (hear, hear) who had been long praying for such a man to expound to him the Scriptures, and ?established him in the faith of Christ, and when Samuel Leigh opened the old , Bible to conduct the family worship (a rare practice in N. S. Wales in those early days) he almost unconsciously openi d it at Isaiah xxxv. and read theBe most timely prophetic words, 'The wilderness and the solitary place shall be glad for them and the desert shall rejoice and blossom as the rose.' No wonder ? he bowed his head and wept for very joy and gratituiie that he had found such a W'-lcome to a Christian man's home in the lonely bush of Australia. (_Applause.) That blessing came upon us when in 1817 Samuel Leigh dedi cated . to the worship of God the first bumble church of ours beneath the Southern Cross and preached from these grateful words 'the Lord hath done great things for us whereof we are glad.'' (Applause.) It came upon us in the gold discovery of 60 years ago, when the venerable Samuel Wilkinson now present (chters) conducted the first jreligious services held oh an Aus tralian goldfield and preached the first Christian sermon to Australian gold- diggers as such (Hear, hear). It come upon our Church, when, in 1826, the noble John Thomas and his heroic wife lauded alone among the heathen savages of the Fiji Isles-with their horrid idol worship, cruel customs, and foul deeds — as the advanced guard of our missionary army in the South Seas (Cheers). It came upon us when, in 1835, David Cargill and Wm. (3ross, of blessed memory, sailed from Tonga — to blood-thirsty and cannibal Fiji — with the message of peace and the story of the cross (Cheers). The wondrous successes of our Foreign Missionary work in the Islands of Polynesia are manifest tokens of God's goodness to us as a Christian Church (Hear, hear). We owe a debt of gratitude to God that we ore born and have lived in this nineteenth century, with all its privileges and blessings, and that we are permitted to live so near its close, and to work for and prepare for the dawn of the 20th century, which will be one of clear light and purer life — a greater blessing even than the 19th has been (Applause). ' Excelsior ' must be our motto, aim, and effort. Onward and upward : on,ward in the way of duty, upward in the likeness of Christ and the favour of God (Applause). Let us each ask to night, How much owest thou unto thy Lord for national, family, and person? 1 blessings ? for temporal and spiritual good ? Pay Him what thou owest ' (Hear, hear). This Fund will not then be short of its needs. ' Bring ye all the tithes into the storehouse that there may be meat in mine house, and prove me now herewith, saith the Lord of Hosts, if I will noc open you the windows of heaven and pour you out a blessing that there shall not be room enough to receive it ' (Cheers). Here is the Divine challenge and promise. Are we willing to accept the one that we may enjoy the fulfilment of the other ? If so, this Century Fund movement may mean not only 50,000 guineas, but 50,000 souls converted and saved, and who can compute the value of such a blessing to this Church, and to all the churches, to us and to all the people of N.S.W. to-day, and to the millions . of the future, who shall make their homes in this free, spacious, ' and prosperous country ? To humble our pride as a church, let us think of the lands and people who are crying to us to-day and almost in vain, «? Come over and help us.' (Hear, hear.) To preserve us from system worship and idolatry of organizations, numbers and wealth, let us remember that the highest and greatest work of the Church' is to ' spread Scriptural holiness throughout the world. (Hear, hear.) To rebuke our religious prov incialism and narrowness, to enlarge and exalt our conceptions of duty as one branch of the Church of Christ, we should constantly bear in mind that the world is the parish of Methodism. (Cheers.) And to strengthen our faith, to brighten our hopes, to assure us of the sacredness and sure success of our work, if we are but diligent tind faith ful, let us recall and possess for ourselves the sublime truth enshrined in those luminous, prophetic and inspiring words of our father in God, John Wesley, as he lay adying, ' The best of' all is God is with us. ' (Cheers.) So shall the Century Fund and all other enterprises and works we undertake for God and His Redeemed world meet with great success. (Loud Applause. The Rev. R. Bavin then explained the ordar of procedure to be adopted in reference to the receipt of promises and the taking up of the collection. First of all, announcements would be received from circuits, afterwards personal dona tions would be received, and then the collection would be taken up. The following were then announced : Stanmore circuit, 1000 guineas ; York Street circuit, 500 guineas ; Burwood circuit, 700 guineas ; Newtown circuit, 750 guineas; Waverley circuit, 2000 guineas ; Lewisham circuit, 500 guineas; Wesley Church, 500 guineas ; Wil loughby and Gordon circuit, 1100 guineas ; Glebe circuit, 300 guineas ; i Bourke-street circuit, 500 guineas ; : Mosman circuii, 120 guineas; St. : Leonards circuit, 250 guineas ; Mount i Lachlan, 200 guineas ; William-street : circuit, 800 guineas ; Cleveland- street j circuit, 500 guineas ; Balmain (Darling street), 200 guineas ; Kiama circuit, i 500 guineas ; Balmam Central Mission, i 500 guineas ; Milton circuit, 120 - guineas; Balmain (West End) cir- 1 cuit, 150 guineas ; Manly circuit, I 100 guineas ; Hay- street and Pyrmont - circuit, 200 guineas ; Rockdale circuit, : 250 guineas. The total circuit con- ' tributions announced amounted to ( 12,740 guineas. Other sums contri buted included the following, some of which form part of the totals announced as given by circuits : — Rev. B. J. Meek and family, 23 guineas ; Rev. S. B. Fellows and family, New Guinea, 10 guineas ; Rev. H. Wiles Paddin«ton, 10 guineas ; Rev. C. E. Williams, Fiji, 10 guineas ; Mr. Metcalfe, Casino, 1 20 guineas ; Mr. E. Williams, Bathurat, 50 guineas ; Mr. W. Arnott, Newcastle, 110 guineas ; Mr. R. Callaghan and family (Willoughby and Gordon circuit), 100 guineas; Mr. J. Callaghan and family 1 (Willoughby and Gordon Circuit), 100 guineas ; Mrs. Blunt, 5 guineas ; Mr. J. Wade, 25 guineas ; Mr. McClelland, 25 ' guineas ; Mr. J. Dart, Croydon Park, 30 guineas ; Mr. J. Nicholson, 15 guineas ; Rev. J. Dowson, 20 guineas ; . friend, 5 guineas ; Mr. A. Forsyth and family, 25 guineas ; Mr. J. Waterhouse, 50 guineas ; Mrs. J. B. Waterhouse, sen , 50 guineas ; ' For .the sake of the Rev. J. Watsford,' 10 guineas ; Mr. P. J. Stephens, 10 guineas ; Mr. Hicks, 10 guineas ; Miss Quaife, 10 guineas ; Mr. W. Winn, 100 guineas ; Rev. R. Bavin, 15 guineas ; Rev. Mr. Hopkins, 10 guineas; ; a friend, 10 guineas; Mr. and Mrs. Strachan, 20 guineas; Mr. C. Clark, 20 guineas. A piece of paper was handed up to the platform, which was read as 1 follows : — ' I am sorry I have no money. Please pray for the thief who picked my pocket coming from the tea-table.' A collection was made amongst the audience, and the Rev. rR. Bavin an nounced amid applause that the total promises and results of the collections amounted to 13,622 guineas. The pro ceeds of the tea meeting had not yet been taken into account. That was ex pected to yield £150 additional. The next hymn, ' Except the Lord conduct the plan,' was then sung, and the Chairman called upon the mover of the second resolution. Mr. William Robson, J.P., was well received as a worthy representative of the laymen of New South Wales He said, ' My dear Christian friends, — If it were my intention to speak at length I do not think you would be very much in the humour to hear a very long speech at this hour, especially after the very gratifying proceeding in which we have now been engaged. I am sure, however, that the resolution I have to propose will meet with your heartiest approval. It reads thus, 'That this meeting is deeply grateful for the successful inauguration of the Fund, and pledges itself to further aid the movement by every means in its power.' My dear triends, I believe in the Methodist Church (Hear, hear). I believe not only in its past, and not only in its present, but I believe in the yet grander future which no doubt lies before it (Applause). The Chairman very properly said that the mission of Methodism in New South Wales is not yet completed. We have yet a great work before us. I think I am per fectly correct in quoting the lines with which I have no doubt you are familiar : ' We are living, we are dwelling, in a grand and awful time, In an age on ages telling, to be living is sub lime.' And I feel it is a sublime thing to take part in such a magnificent meeting as this in connection with this movement. I trust that throughout the whole of this colony Methodists will rise to the occasion, to the sublimity, and import ance of this movement, and that we shall be able to give our Church a lift such as will qualify it more than ever for the grand work which it is trying to accomplish. (Cheers.) Now Mr. Chair man and dear friends, we have yet a magnificent -work to do in the way of spreading evangelical truth, and in pro moting the growth of the evangelical 3pirit not only in our own Church, but by influencing other Churches as well. (Hear, hear). Our position to-day is the result of the preaching faithfully of evangelical truth, and in the exercise of the evangelistic spirit ; and the more Eaithful we are to the good old doctrines af the Methodist Church, the more true we are to the great mission of Methodism to save the souls of men, the greater and grander will be our work and success in the future (Applause). Then, I think we have a special mission in these new Lands (Hear, hear) in the way of pro moting. true Christian liberty, true Christian equality, and. true Christian fraternity, not a liberty that means license, or licentious lawlessness, but the liberty which comes to the free men in our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ ; true Christian equality, not the equality that tears down, that levels down, but the equality that levels up, that raises men to a higher, and nobler, and better condition; true Christian fraternity, that which is founded in the Father hood of God, that which comes out of the redemption of our Elder Brother, the Lord Jesus Christ, the Saviour, a brotherhood which is pure, built on the right foundation, on the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ Himself being the chief corner stone. (Cheers.) And we have a mission, too, in regard to the heathen in the isles about us, thousands of whom have never yet heard the gospel, and are calling to us, and asking us to send the gospel to them, a mission to the great army of the young that are rising up in these lands aud in our own Church (Hear, hear) ; and that mission is one that should lead us to-night to pledge ourselves afresh to God and His Church, and, baptised as we may be, as the whole Church may be, with the Holy Ghost, and with fire sent down from heaven, we shall be able to go forth on this glorious mission, and the future shall be grander and nobler aud more successful than even the past. I have the greatest possible pleasure in moving this resolution. (Applause.) The Rev. W. G. Taylor, in seconding the resolution, said : — ' After the able and eloquent addresses delivered he, at this late hour of the evening, should not attempt to deliver tbe address he had prepared, but would content himself with one or two suggestions. That which beyond all else commended this scheme to him wa's its intensely democratic character. One man one guinea, that lay at the foundation of the whole move ment, and herein lay its great claim to succeed. He was full of confident faith that, rightly worked, we should fat j exceed the 50,000 guineas contemplated, i Including children, we had some 86,000 adherents within the colony. From every one of these we had a right to expect an average of at least one guinea, ; either given or collected. From his ; heart he thanked God for this marvel- i lous epoch-making meeting. We had j had nothing like unto it in the Methodist i history of the colony. He questioned if I in any part of Australasia there had ! ever been a demonstration equal to this. ; He had read with intense interest all ; that the English journals had said ; touching the great million scheme of i England j and he believed that in no i part of the old country, not even in j London itself, had there been such a ; great meeting as this. He was pro- j foundly convinced that the enthusiasm i of this wonderful gathering would spread ; throughout the colony ; if so, the success j of the Fund was assured. (Applause.) ; During the evening this thought had ; deeply impressed itself upon his mind. I If it were a good thing for the adults of j Methodism to attend such a meeting, j why should not the children of our people be invited to a similar demonstra tion? (Cheers.) Within the city and suburbs we had 12,000 children in our . Sunday-schools. Why not organise for a meeting in that grand city hall on a Satur day afternoon, not far distant, at whioh [Continued on col. 2, pape 8.] [Continued from page 4.] our young people could catch an enthusi asm that would mean great good to the Fund itself, and furnish a memory to our young people that may be a bessing and an inspiration to them long after most of us had passed away. He hoped the committee would favourably entertain this suggestion. (Applause.) He was confident this gathering would do more to strengthen that Connex ional loyalty so ably referred to by the chairman in his glowing opening speech than anything that had happened amongst them for many a day. Some friends outside had expressed the con viction that Methodism, had seen its best days, that its ablest men were leaving us. What a magnificent answer to all such nonsense was this enthusiastic demonstration. (Cheers.) The Connex ional spirit was by no means dead amongst us. It only needed some such meeting as this to stir the latent fire into a blaze that would move our Church throughout the whole colony. That, he believed, would be the result of this. (Cheers.) He was especially delighted at the prominence given by the chairman in his inaugural speech to the spiritual side ot this great movement. It would be little short of a disaster were the energies of this great Church to be bent, for eighteen long months, merely to the task of raising 50,000, or even 100,000 guineas. The Church of Christ is not a great money-raising concern. Woe be it, should it ever degenerate into that. All the more, therefore, he re joiced at the sanctified audacity that led the chairman to send forth as the watchword of this movement, ' 50,000 guineas, 50, OOOsouls.' (Cheers.) Should that be done ? It was not enough tcTcry out 'Amen.' The mere enthusiastic wish would not secure that end. We must organise 1 organise ! ! organise 1 ! ! Why not a special sub-committee be appointed, whose one work would be to take this part of the scheme into its serious con sideration : prepare plans, communicate with circuits, and arrange for a glorious move forward all along the line ? (Ap plause.) The evangelistic element in our Church was not by any means dead. It only needed, some such precious movement as ' this to bring out again, all the old time fire and fervour of our church. We must have a revival. We simply cannot go on longer as we are ! The signs of the times pointed to a speedy' and wide-, spread awakening. ' It was a very sig nificant fact that many of the minister* and Christian people of the city were devoting the whole of Queen's Birthday to plead with God for the coming of a great sweeping revival of pentecostal Christianity. Let our people give and go on giving, even to the point of pinch ing themselves. Let them, furthermore, go to their knees and continue at the Master's feet, and soon, yes, thank God, before the close of the century we should witness the mightiest revival ever seen in this great colony of New South Wales. The Lord send it speedily. (Applause.) The ' Hallelujah Chorus ' was then sung by the choir in splendid style. A comprehensive vote of thanks was then accorded to the Chairman, choir, conductor, and organist, the ladies who had provided the tea and had presided at the tables, and to others who had contributed to the success of the demonstration. The Benediction was then pronounced by the ex-President, and the vast assemblage dispersed, every one being proud of Methodism and gratified with the inaugural meeting of the Century Commemoration movement. Generous giving to God will evoke generous giving by God. The con secrated offerings of wealthy and poor will produce grand spiritual results. * * * The Century Commemoration is to be as spiritual as financial. Every coin should be consecrated More coins, | more converts 