My New Year's Thoughts. By An Idler. OITY SCENES AND PERSONS AND BUSH BIEMO^IES. (FOR 'CATHOLIC PRESS.') Probably if anyone took the trouble to examine closely- into fche financial mothod pursued by Mr. Richard Swiyollor they would find that ho usually paid one bill by tho ingenious plan of borrowing the money ? ?'?'.' somewhere, else to do so, and they would likewise learn that when it was necessary to.put off settling day by renewing a note of Vinn/1 flinf. TMnhn vrl fnifr, Mm Bimo relief over the deed as if he had reduced the debt with right down legal tender. In a word, Riohard Swivellor lived largely upon hope, and had full faith that the unpleasantness of tho day died when he blew his(oandlo out, and was respeotable enough to leave no ghost behind. Some Philosophy ok'thm Nmnv' Ymak, That tho philosophy of this gentleman is the philosophy of pretty near the wide woi'ld oan, be Bworn to over the sentiment that) olings to tho New Yoav. Taking a '.broad view of the Bubjoot it will be oonfosaod that tho now. yoar is as like tho old' yoav as two ])pas in a pod, but, nevertheless mankind pins its faith stoutly tptho-last, arrival, and trusts to it all its fairest possessions, not loast of them the great troitsiu'o trovo of goldon hopes, But as the days run on, and tho Bounds of' the welcoming bolls grow faint in distance, 'wo turn fickle and oall tho yoar evil names, and strain towards another 1st of January with the samo aajolings, , the Hamb old pleadings that doceivod tho last, and have not ovon tho graoo to blush at our fioklo ways; What a groat child the whole world is to. bo sure I It waiulors into fairyland, and there it finds a groat palaoo of many shining windows. Boforo its ' oyos is a hugo door, beautiful with cunning carvings, swoot in tho desires pf ohildhood. And on tho door is ombla'/oned largo and plain 'Tho Now Year' and, at the Bide is a pollto plaoard, ' .Pleaso ring before entering.' So tho silly child rings lustily and burstB eager- oyed into tho first Df the 305 long halls that follow eaoh other inside. Tho first is travorsod with dancing foot, with laughter and with none ; without thought holiday hours speed into tho gloom of an ovoning that finds drowsy poppios fulling to slumber. Next morning tho child wakes up in tho second hall (trans portod'by fairy hands, perhaps) vaguely hurt at tho absonoo of tho beautiful playthings it ©x poo tod to find, itH gay garb of yoatcrday is gone, too, and proHontiy a bright old damo poops in at tho window and nods her lioad reprovingly at tho child. She points to a broom in tho corner, and tho child begins to swoop tho hall. And, strangely enough, ho altorwardu finds dust in all tho others, and so pusHOH tho days in industry, But, proflontly, a groat oonsolation aomosj for through tho window one morning tho child booh a high mountain, and on it a oaHtlo much finer than its own, and its pertain aro so radiant that it knows days of charm aro behind thorn. 'I will run to that castle some day,' thinks 'the child, and bo i« happy. N HOW BVUNIQV WJWiCOAlMS T1IM OoMItfO GUMHT, In some olt'cUm it lo hardly considered tho oorreot thing to bo over boisterous ...In your welcome of a guest, but this is evidently lightly regarded by the majority of Sydney's population : Their reception of the New , Year is effusive beyond words. It can be deteoted at once that they evidently expect favours from the coming guest, and if he be taken in by their exhibition of demon strative regard, he is a very dull fellow. The streets of tho oity last New Year's Eve were mad with the., plaintive- whines of whistles, norvousT'blares of the trumpets, and weird harmonies from mouth organs, oonoortinas, and other instruments 'within the reach of all.' Exoitoment seemed 'to run vory high, and the publio houses were full, so it ooourred to me to stop one gentle youth, who was engaged in blowing some bladder- like instrument of torture into ladies' faoos, and ask of him some word on the festivities going. , , . , 'Do you always koop New Year's Eve up like this?' asked I, He.vlooked at me with contemptuous scorn. ' 0' oourso wo do,' he said, after a pause that had told him I Mras probably a lunatic, and it would be as well. to be oivil. ' And why ?' I asked. ' 'Oauso it's Now Year's Eye,' said he, in groat wonder. ^- ? . ' . ' And is that tho only reason ?' 'Oh, rat« I' ho exclaimed, blow out his bladdor, and dopartod blithely, He re garded mo strangely when next ho passed. The words of that young lad dwell with me, for in it is tho soorot of tho ories and babblo of voioo's, tho olpso orowds, the flaring lights. ? and full taverns that mark New Year's Evo in Sydney. Booause it is New Year's Eve I Yes, that is all, and there is little sentiment in tho doing of it,1 The trumpets are blown without a thought, the orushing in tho street and tho loud laughter, proclaims only a holiday ~a holiday with a little tnoro lioonso than on common days and therefore to bo whitoned with bags of flour, The significance that tho day has to many in oldor lands doos not live in an Australian oity; our spirit of holiday would bo equally strong on Gloorgo Roid's birthday — if wo got a holiday and somo modorato boor. We have vory little sontimont in our oitioa. and vory lilcoly those youtliH, mon and maidens that orimhod in tho Sydnoy stroots on Now Year's Evo, hud just tho fooling of a re« sponHibility liftod for a day or two. Tholr bill wan boing renewed in fact, and a whole 12 montliu lay ahead in wlu'oli to find funds for payment. Timo and tho cares pauso a moniMnt ovory yoar and most of us Jay down our burdoiiH on New Yoai's Day with a (jucor idoa wo aro Hotting thorn auido for over. But noxt morning beholds thorn bound to our bfioka again fooling no lighter ; and what in worse, tho Now Year already has 1oh(i tho tondor smile of youth, and has booomo a storn tankmastor, aa woro all tho doad years wo havo buried in our memory, T/M-; Nkw Ykaii in 'run Buhu, Ottndidly speaking, 1 did not Uko tho nolso and tho jostling in tho city swarm on Now Year's Evo. It noomocl as though tho hand nf Iho larrikin was in it all--that a lovo of riot rathor than Houtimont gormod tho fantttffia of cheap itiflfcrunionto. So iij was I went from the city to sit above the harbour, and ? watching the stars naturally brought back memories of the bush. For the stars and fche bush are ever true sweet hearts, although some will tell you the stars are in love with the sea. In the shadows of the grey gums New Year's Eve oame with a sentiment, and though rude, hands made few and poor preparations .for the birth of the year, they reoeivod it with sweet minds. Back in the ranges, out on the plains, or isolated on a lonely coast line, down on your luck, perhaps, poorly paid, with hope fluttering like a wearied dove against winds in the far off distance, the New Year israroly celebrated with much more than a 'duff' j for those with money have gone into townships or on to the oity, and few are the mon under canvas. Happy selectors' homes may echo laughter, and many an old homestead rattle under tho foot of the dancers, but still somo men are forced 'lo spend the day alone in those far places, and with them the New Year is no tarnished name, but a love token from fortune, a promise from Provideuoe ; and just now the dove begins to fly with greater strength against the wind, ? The kerosene ? oan boils the duff as the man , from' habit lingers by the fire' with old pictures before his eyes, lost voices sounding in his ears, and unseen- hands smoothing his brow. Revelry is absent, and so the tender spirits are not soared to flight. Some old home soene brings smiles to his lips, whilst at the sound of his mother's voice a tear gathers in his eye,- Tho man just now feels not the. hardness of his days as he docs the sad end ing of his mother's dreams for him, The day is with him when his mother came to his room in the dawn — ho was a curly headed darling then— and wished him ',A Happy New Year,' And to-day all the great plans she builded for him are .level with the ground. That her laboura' have been in vain is tho reason of his pain. He weeps for her sorrow. Then lifting his oyofl the sad old bush nods drearily to him as he weloomos the New Yoar with a sigh. A Hitching Post for Resolutions. Land or sea, town or oountry, the New Year is a great hitching post for our resolu tions ; but tho deuce of tho thing is that having made them fast wo forgot about thorn and they starve to death. I know, myself, determining vory heartily to .ro nounoe a bad habit I have, at the beginning of the present yoar. But I find now that I've postponed the,, sacrifice for twelve months, and havo laid in quite a quantity of a now brand of tobaooo. But. 1 was quite oarnost in my intention of giving up smok ing throe months ago. When imado tho resolution I fancied the thing was done. This, I believe, is the usual oustom with resolutions. We also are all going' to bo better oft' noxt yoav— (why, It'f} ' noxt year' already)— andbottoii follows, and our sweet hearts and wives are to bask in the sunshine of our reformation. It is so oom fortablo to look forward to tho Now Year look forward to a timo of poabo and in- . nooenoo from out1 present sad, bad environ;, merit. What children wo aro to bo sure I The schoolboy lota ink fall on a page of his oopy book. 'That is bad,' says ho, 'but I'll turn a , now. page to-morrow.' This reflection is genorally a lioonso to smudge, blot and generally disfigure the page ho is on. And thus we troat our Ufa. Personally I am not a model of tho virtues, I own to a few faults, and so will not rail at mankind in goneral, But as this is tho season of resolutions, I am resolved to rofonn all my imperfections — noxt Now Yoar'B Day, Knowlodgo may not bo i\h a courtesan, for pleasure and vanity only ; nor as a bopclfj woman, to acijuiru and gain for hor nmfjtcr'fl use ; but' an a wpouso, for generation, fruit, and oomfort. 