HIS NEIGHBORS LOG. Brown's one affliction in life was a dog — not his own dog, of course, but hia neighbor's. It was a cross-eyed, stump tailed mongrel, wit-h. teeth like the edge of a buzz-saw, and with a disposition that kept tramps and others out of the entire neighborhood. Incidentally, this neighbor's dog had a bark — a creepy yelp that sent Brown out of his bed at the dead of night, and came within an ace of giving him ner vous prostration. That dog would bark at everything he could see, and when ho couldn't see anything he'd bark any how. Sometimes he'd vary the bark with a howl, and then Mrs. Brown would tremulously assert that there was going to be a death in the house, and Brown would grimly reply that there wasn't the slightest doubt of it. Brown was naturally a quiet man, however, and ho merely cherished his murderous intent until his neighbor's dog almost killed his own cherished ca nine, Major. The cur next door only gouged a few holes in Major, marring his beauty considerably, but if it hadn't been for the hired man and a poker Brown would have been minus the £2 he paid for the dog and the 9s. he had invested in pedigree. This was more than Brown could stand, and he began studying tho habits of his neighbor's dog with a view to find- ? ing a means for his early extinction. The animal seemed to be excursive, it would cross Brown's back yard in the moonlight, about 9 o'clock, and return in time to keep its barking appointment at the witching hour of 12. Securing a piece of meat, Brown coat ed its under side with strychnine, and took a severe cold in his head while waiting to wreak his purpose under the back porch. In the course of an hour a four-footed form came stealthily through the gloom, and Brown wliistled softly, spoke sweetly, and tossed his in strument of destruction. The animal seemer ravenous, and when Brown re entered the house it was gorging itself to repletion. 'Now we'll have peace,' thought Brown, as he crept into bed. But, lo! tin the quiet watches the howling next do- r broke forth with un abated vigor, and Brown sat up and gasped. 'What's the matter, Henry?' asked Mrs. B. 'The dog next door died at 10 o'clock, and now he's howling! Do you believe in ghosts, Nancy?' fWhat have you been doing now?' she demanded. He told the whole story, and then his wife, in alarm, told him to go down and look for Major. With fear and trembling, he did so, and found that he had made a slight mistake. His neighbor's dog was all right, but all that remained of his own was it's pedigree. A new bonnet not only soothed his wife's grief, but bought her silence as well, but in order to escape the canine next door Brown was eventually obliged to move out of the neighborhood. 