A Ghost Story. In tho wholo record of so-called ' suppr natural appoarancoB' thore is not ono which is m'oro thoroughly authenticated than tho following : John Oopo Shorbroko aud George Waynyard woro two officers in tho thir.ty-third rogimont, and at the timo of tho extraordinary occurrence horo rolated tho rogimenl was on service in Canada. ,Ono ovening, as usual, thoy wont into a littlo room adjoining Wayrtyard's bedroom iviad commoncod roading. Aftor a fow triinutos Capt, Shovbroko lookod up from his book and enw standing in tho doorway of- tho room a man who was a porfoot stranger to himV At a loss to accouutfor tho intrusion, Cnpt. Shorbroko ' turned to his companion to ask if tho Btrauger was an acquaintance of his. Waynyard ,,was as palo. as deatli,' and apparently incapable of spoeoh, Sooing this, Capt. Shorbroko -mado no offorfa to' stop tho figure, whioty Blowly crossed tho apni'lmont and pnssod' through a door leading to Wnynyard's bedroom. As soon as tho man was out of Bight, Waynyard rocovorod hia faoulties, and priod out, ' My brother I' '' Your brother !' ropoatod Sherbroko, 'What can you ? moan, Waynynrd ? Thoro must bo some deception, Follow mo.',' Thoy thorn wont into tho bedroom, a rnom from which' tho only possible) means o£ exit wna tho ono dooi\alroady roforrcd to, Thoy found tho room oinntv.' This incident producod a profound impassion among tho officors of tho rogimout who know that both Shorbroko and Waynyard wore sobor, oool-hondod mon of unblomishod integrity. Waynyard declared1 that tho apparition was tho spirit of hiB brothor, nnd oxprosBod the obnviotion that his brothor w'ab doad. Whon timo had olapsod sufficient to allow inquiries to bo mado it was disaoyorod that ho had diod on tho vory night on whioh his spirit hud nppenrod to the astonishod officors in Canada, ' Of 'tho two witnoBBOB of this strango opisodo ono booamo Gon- Sir John Oopo Shorbroko, G. 0. B., and tho othor Liout.-Col. Waynynrd, of tho Twonty-fourth Light! Dragoons.— Now Yorh World, v ? ' J - 