LORD ROSEBERY ON THE EMPIRE'S DEFENCES. Lord Rosebery, in two speeches which he delivered at the Hotel Cecil at the annual dinner of her Majesty's Civil Service on May 9, made some amusing references to the Civil Service and some well-considered observations on the subject of our national de fences. Proposing "The Civil Service," the toast of the evening, he said that be tween him and the service there was a great gulf fixed. He belonged to the ingenuous class that made speeches; his audience belonged to the ingenious Class that Interpreted Them. As a matter of fact, he had hallucinations on the subject of the Civil Service, and onel of them was that every morning the first object of a conscientious civil servant was to study the utterances of his political chief, and to interpret them as best he could and transmit them as well as he could into the work and policy of his office. They were accustomed to listen to eloquent eulogies on the usefulness of the Civil Service. Hei was not inclined a to utter them, but he had occasionally been afllicted with dreams as to what would happen in certain conceivable contingencies, which might perhaps illustrated better than anything that he could say what he thought, of the, Civil Service. Suppose that in every service of the Crown there was to be a mutiny or a strike of the Civil Service—what would be the effect on the Government of 'the country? As one who had been a political head be viewed with dismay and despon- dency that he could not express in words what the position of the political head would be if he were 'deserted by his permanent subordinates; In proposing at a later stage the toast of "The Navy and Army," his lordship said it was a fact very familiar to us since last autumn when it was stated perhaps almost too expansively—that we had a powerful navy. Our Great Object was to have a navy-a powerful navy— for the purpose of our own protection without any thoughts of aggression against our neighbours or anybody else. We had a much smaller army; but last autumn, or rather last sum- mer, that also was able to give us a proud conviction-that the army for its size was able to do as good work as any other army had 'ever achieved. (Cheers.) Of course, there were always voices of depreciation. We did not live with in the Garden of Eden, and even in the Garden of Eden unpleasant elements were not altogether absent. (Laugh- ter.) It was charged against our navy and our army that they cost an enor- mous sum. That was perfectly true. If they were luxuries they were the most expensive luxuries in which we indulged. But hei wished to make two remarks. In the first place the army and navy were not luxuries. They were neces- sities. In the next place they were apt, when compared from, the point of view of exDenditure with the armies and navies of continental countries, to ap- pear very much to our disadvantage as regarded figures." ' He supposed that his 'audience knew, if anybody did, wlether there was any extravagance or misapplied expendi- ture in These Bloated Estimates, as they were called. As to that, he had no. opinion whatever; but he was certain of one thing, that those who compared our estimates with those of continental countries. omitted the most material factor of all-which was the personal and uniform' service required from every man in those countries, and which, representing an incalculable capital, must be added to the approved estimates of those countries for the purpose of protection. (Cheers.) If we liked to have a compulsory service, we should have a compara tively cheap army and navy; but as we were not prepared for that sacrifice, we must inevitably have much larger estimates than those countries. He wished to allude to one other fallacy in. connection with our navy and army. It was said that the navy and army were vast and costly because of the size and extent of our Empire. That he believed to be a fallacy. It was not our Empire so much that required a large navy and a large army. If we had no Empire outside these islands-to which Some Philosophers appeared to be anxious to restrict us we would equally require a navy as strong as it was now and an army as strong as it was now outside the Indian army. And 'why? Because our commerce would require as much protection as if we had no Empire at all, and as for our own protection, we should require the same as we do now. Our army and navy would be the same as they were now if we did not own an acre outside these islands. If we retained our present wealth, our IEmpire would only be a more tempting prey without a great army and great navy. Therefore he ventured to prick that bubble, that it was because we had an Empire that was cosmopolitan that our military and naval estimates were, in the language of the economists, bloated. (Cheers.) England is a highly civilised country, with centuries of culture, with Ingrained hablf.s of investigation, shrewd at bargain ing, rich in aphorisms of worldly wisdom, with hundredsof newspapers, and millions of books, arid tens of thousands of schools: and yet, with all this background of his tory, and all this mighty apparatus of Sknowledge, we all know that, once a popu lar .delusion Is stated, it will race through the land like llame over a prairie, claiming millions r ' its victims. The most superfi cial ghost stories are greodily swallowed the alleged healing powers of some quack, if suillciently advertised, are believed. "Spectator." A Man Hunt in Londlon.-One of the most desperate criminals in London-a notorious housebreaker-has just been cap tured. HIe wac surprised, breaking into a large house inl Blcrmondsey, but for the moment escaped. Tile police were, how ever, in hot pursuit, and when brought to bay the man drewn a revolver, but Police Constable Jones pluckily closed with the rufian, and with assistance ef i, .cted a capture. The constable risked his life, and we rightly call him a hero, but how many of us. lry inattention to our health, needleosly risk our lives every day? Let us be wise in time, and with the aid of Holloway's Pills we can regainl our health when we are out of sorts.* 