u k wm o|J ' v ? CHAPTER IV. Poor Loud Davextry. ' 'Where is Sir Hubert 1' cried Jack Feathorstono in a command ing voice, as lie separated himself from some alarmed young ladies, with one of whom ho had been dancing. ' Hero am I !' cried the baronet, springing from the side of a lady with whom he had been conversing, ' what is this disturbance about V His face was deadly pale, oven to ghastliness, and his eyes had in them a stony look of horror which Jack was quick to notice. ' I hope the news is untrue, Hubert,' said Jack Featherstone, who, as cousin of his host, seemed left to bo spokesman, ' This girl says her mistress is dead — mur- dered. Speak girl, and tell us all you know.' ' Let us go to her aid first,' cried the baronet. ' Where is she?' ' In the marble corridor — follow me, sir.' The servant, accompanied by her master, Jack, and one or two others, made all haste in direction f the spot. The corridor was almost in total darkness ; the lights had been ? turned so low that only the merest glimmer illumined it here and there. Even in this, however, they could see as they advanced the form lying on the couch ; the white drapery showing beneath the folds of the velvet dress. The stillness was so great that involuntarily all present shuddered. Jack turned up the light. There had been no false alarm. There on tho broad seat of the alcovo lay a silent form, dressed in rich garments, in the unmistakable quietness of death, with blood all over the lace round the breast, where it had oozed from a ghastly wound. One look was enough for Jack Featherstone. ' This is not Lad}- Danvers,' ho cried, ' it is Lord Daventry !' A murmur of astonishment arose from tho crowd. ' Baby ' Daventry murmured ! 'What could it mean 1 He hadn't an enemy in the world. Jack had turned towards Sir Hubert as bespoke, but the baronet was beyond giving any advice or help. He murmured something which sounded like thank Heaven, and sank unconscious in the arms of a stalwart guardsman near him. For beforo him, with tho look of an accuser on her face, stood Ella, Lady Danvers, who had crept to the fearful scone unperceived by anyone. Jack turned pale and trembled as he saw her, and hurrying to her side, took her by the arm. ' Come away, Ella,' he said hoarsely, ', this is no place for you. ' Besides, no one can do the poor fellow any good now ; he is quite dead.' A terrible shudder convulsed her frame. ' Dead ! poor Daventry !' she said, ' but ho had no enemies, Jack, it was meant for me — it was meant for me.' The same idea had occurred to Jack, but he did not give it ex pression. He had noted tho look of stony horror in Sir Hubert's eyes as he recognised the fact that Daventry was the victim. What could have turned Hubert's mind so suddenly as to make him commit such a crime ? Or was it his doing at all ? No one, of course, knows an other's secret thoughts, or his secret doings. Perhaps there might have been one scandal in tho otherwise blame less life of ' Baby Daventry,' and uehaps vengeance had overtaken him at this moment when it was least expected. But try as ho would to believe it, Jack could not. He kept his thoughts to himself, however, and was glad indeed to escape from tho many eager and horrified inquirers who crowded round him. Lad}' Ella was too ill to return to the ball-room, and went dazed and trembling up to the boudoir of Miriam, tho ono who was supposed to be her enemy, and yet tho one to whom sho knew sho could trust her life. ' Let me sleep in your bed,' said the wretched woman, ' I am in such deadly fear, and yet I can scarcely bring myself to bolieve he is guilty.' As sho spoko sho looked up into the young girl's face, and saw on it such a bewildered look of agony and torture that, forgotting she was her rival, she caught her to her wildly beating heart, crying : ' No — no, Miriam, I didn't mean that ; think I didn't say it. Ho couldn't want to kill mo - could he?' ' And I am to suffer all this, for love of him,' thought Miriam, ' No — no ! I must give it all up ; I must leave the Manse. Poor Ella ! poor stiicken soul ! But Hubert, he is innocent, I know it. He is too great, too noble, to take a woman's life. Yet I can never be his now?' Alas ! she knew not what was coming ! A horror more awful, more ter rible still — one which would eclipse in magnitude and cruelty even the cowardly murder of poor Lord Daventry. It was long before Ella — tenderly nursed by her rival— rwas soothed into calmness. Sleep was out of tho question, but she could sit and talk quietly. Then a sudden burst of passion overwhelmed Miriam, and flinging herself on her knees by the bedside sho caught Ella's hand and bowed her head on it. ' Ella, Ella,' she cried, ' forgive me — forgive mo. You know what for. I love Hubert, but it has only been through m}' childishness and folly. Help me to go — to leave here at once ; ask Jack to aid mo. Once I thought when he came here first he would love mo and show me a way of escapo ; but he has seen all, and despises me now. Oh, Ella, try and save me ! I shall leave you and Hubert to bo happy together ; his feeling for mo is but a mad in fatuation. When I am gone it will go too, and Jack, he is so loyal and true ; I would make him love me at last, if only lie found me worthy.' And the wretche'd woman in the bed pressed her burning, tearless eyes to the pillow and murmured to herself in agony of heart : — ' Heaven help mo ! She has taken my husband from me, and now she wants Jack too — dear Jack !' While this was going on the doctor had been, had declared Lord Daventry dead, had seen Sir Hubert and proclaimed him not lit. to bo in terviewed till tho morning. Until then he was to have a com petent nurse with him, as tho events of tho evening seemed to have quite prostrated him for the time. And this uurse was there — in the person of Phojbe Wright. CHAPTER V. Ix the West Wixg. All but the personal friends of Sir Hubert left tho Manse early tho next morning after the murder. Everyone expressed their willing ness to come forward if desired to tell the little they know ; but every one was also very glad to find that their services were not required. It was all a mystery. , The past and present of poor Baby Daventry were sifted to the bottom, but nothing could bo found against him — not one thing which could give the slightest clue to the causo of such a cruel and sudden crime. . ' Lady Ida Carruthers — though j she had never been really engaged to him — look upon him nevertheless as tho ono who would have been her future husband. She loved him ; she would have said 'yes' when ho asked her, and she know ho was going to ask her. Sho was no love-sick, foolish girl to fret her life away, but a bravo woman, not afraid to confess her lovo for tho man she had selected, and she said — in tho midst of such tears as camo only from a strong heart's agony — ' I will give ten thousand pounds if I can only find the man who killed Baby i Poor fellow ! ho was. so good and generous and true.' Honri Rousillon did not hear of this offer soon enough, or probably our story would have ended differently. When Sir Hubert was better, which was a couple of days, an in quiry took place beforo tho local justices. But nothing ever came of it. It was a mystery which no one, seemed able to fathom. As for Sir Hubert, ho bore him self at the inquest in a manner which obtained everyone's commen dation. He was very nervous (of course, who wouldn't be) but ho gave his evidence calmly and deliberately, and in a way, in fact, which im pressed Jack Featherstone greatly. 'A wonderful fellow, Hubert is,' he said to himself : ' but I wouldn't give a fig for my life if I were rash enough to put him out. He's as cool as a cucumber to-day, but in his eyes slumbers a fire that'll waken up some time when it isn't wanted. I'm afraid. Well — well, I'm going headlong to ruin myself ! Every hour I stop at the Manse makes things worse. I pity Miriam — and could love her if I could dissociate her from Hubert ! But — there — I seem driven by fate. I must stop. I can't desert Ella after my promise — just at the very moment of her trouble.' Four weeks after the funeral of Lord Davontry the Manse was empty of all guests but Jack, who had — much to the dismay of Lady Ella— declared his intention of starting soon for tho Continent. But Sir Hubert seemed an altered man, and altered certainly for the better. Save for- that look in his eyes which Jack feared, he had the gayest of the whole household, and declared to everyone's satis faction that after the awful thing which had happened he was going to have the workmen in to clean and repair the West Wing and throw it open to every one, in spite of tho spell cast upon it by the family legend. Miriam was the one, perhaps, who most rejoiced at this sudden change. It seemed to augur well for the future. To her poor, uncertain heart — torn by conflicting emotions — any- thing came as a relief, and it was a distinct relief to see that Hubert Danvers was losing his sombreness and was less exacting than of old. If it had been neglect, she might have resented it in her wayward, girlish fashion ; for in spito of her desiro for escape, she really clung to the man who had so utterly over mastered her mind. But it was not neglect. She had still the tender touch, the gentle pressure of the hand, the wistful look from this man who was Ella's husband. But since the night of tho murder he had never kissed her ; he had ne^ er pressed her to his heart ; and — oh ! how guilty she felt when sho acknowledged it to herself — she missed these tokens of his love. It was his kisses and embraces which had first awkened her pas sions, and now sho looked, \jpon their absence with a kind of dismay which made her realise how empty life would bo without lovo. Once, meeting him on tho terrace .alono after tho inquest, she had seemed to shudder away from him, and ho had said : ' Little one, what is tho matter 1 Why do you shrink from mo ? Ah ! I see it you suspect me. No, no, Miriam, not even for you, not oven for you ! Thore are ways to hap piness without murder. Why,' he added, looking full into hor eyes, 'even if you were guilty, you, whom I worship, I might love you, but I could not touch you, even by a kiss.' ' Great heavens !' murmured Miriam, as she left him, speechless and trembling, 'does he suspect me?' But oven then, when he saw her distress, he did not follow her, or show any token of love. He only leaned upon the terrace balustrade and looked moodily over the grounds. Four days later, when the work men had made some progress, when at least the cobwebs and mould and so forth had been swept away from the old wing, he met her on the terrace walk while she was gather ing some roses. He was in a light hearted humour, and said, as he bent and kissed hor forehead lightly : ' Ah ' Queen of the rosebud gar den of girls,' he cried, ' I want you for a few moments, if you can spare the time. The workmen had done wonders in the West- Wing. I want you to come and see it, and tell me your choice of wainscoting, and so on, for that dreary old hall.' 'Where's Ella?' asked Miriam somewhat nervously, she knew not why. ' Oh, she won't come,' said Hubert. ' I told her I was going to ask you to have a look at the old place revivified, but she only laughed and said she wouldn't visit it until sho knew that tho ghosts were well painted and upholstered out. Come, Miriam, we shan't be long !' It was not without some mis givings that Miriam at last obeyed him. Even then she did not seem to do so naturally. It appeared as if she was im pelled to accompany him by some unseen power. As for him, his calmness was all assumed. ' A perfect volcano of passion was raging in his breast. If he had not already formed in his mind the fell purpose for which he was decoying her into the dis mal silence of the ghostly wing, her beauty would now have given birth to the thoughts which thrilled through his very veins. She was attired in a filmy kind of garb, which showed all the shape and color of the beautiful neck and shoulders, and largo white arms. Her face was pure cream and roses ;. her features were pencilled like those which glow from an artist's canvas ; her lips were ruddy and luscious as a cherry ; but she was not like the artist's canvas ; her breath came to him as sweet as now-mown hay ; her eyes were bright, there was a fragranco of maidenhood about her ; she was no cold statue, but a living, glowing ripe reality, to be loved, and to him at that moment it seemed— to die for. These were his inward feelings. Pitty him, ye men and women who have not been cursed by such passion as his, and who therefore have not suffered the torture which racked his very soul. No matter what his sins or his intent, Sir Hubert at that moment would have given his life rather than another man should kiss the hem of her garment. But he knew now that to let her seo the passion which was consum ing him would be to frighten Miriam — to tell her tho end was at hand, that he had waited long enough, that she must be his now beyond redemption. Ho quite deceived her by his light way. She went with him at once, and willingly. Ho took her through the old halls and galleries of the West Wing. He sat down (Oh ! irony of Fate !), on the very ohaii1 opposite the por / ?--^~.Vi.T..-.-..-— .-^..-.-.— ,*\ ? ?-— --?/...— ? ? ._;__... ? 1 trait of Miriam's ancestress wl\| Jack had sat with Ella and told l| the story of her troubles in tho \ Cromwellian days. | Then ho rose, pressed the seel knob in tho frame, and tho pictl revolved, and showed tho way i| the dim corridor beyond, where \a lights were burning. | ' A nice little mousotrap thisj the days of old,' he cried gal but I've thrown a light upon j subject. I'll show you the old ci spirator's chamber. Don't bo afi-j There are lamps all the way dowj She was half afraid, but a| magnetised by his superior pent she stepped through the openii and hand-in-hand they passed al| the old corridor. It was then only that, feeling ] thrill which passed through him j her touch, she thought that perh j in the adventure there was nil than she had reckoned for. I But the die was cast. | She must go on now. 1 ' What a dismal place, Huben she said. ' I should not think jj would ever make this wing like $ other. It is like some old casl over which some curse had been jj voked— bad, dull, and uninterj ing.' ! ' It is only this corridor that like this, my darling,' he said : ' how I have converted the consp tors' room — the very worst j most gloomy of evey chamber in] Manse.' i Three steps down. j The mystorious room was rencli As they entered, and a click i her that a secret lock had ljj fastened behind them, Miriam di back with a cry of astonishment The room — low pitched as it i — was furnished in the most li( rious manner. A fire flared by the unaccustoi chimney, lamps with dulled gk shed a pleasano light over the r« But Miriam was not pleased it the surroundings. Sho felt angr She had confessed her To she had sworn to fly with him, 1 to bo caught like a rat in a traj No! ] She glanced round, pretend! to note each object in the place.H Then she turned to him, sayicga differently — I ' Yes, this is indeed a tr; formation. But the air is stifl let us go upstairs again.' He took her in his arms drew her to the couch. ' Release me,' she panted as kissed her fondly, 'my lovo equal to yours, perhaps, but Ij not mad. Release me, I say, that love will turn to hate, — child as you may think me— | will not be happy then.' He did not release her, but loosened his hold somewhat. 'What, sweetheart?' he ci ' What ! you threaten me ! ^ is here to take you from me ?' (To be Continued.) 