BULLI AND WOONONA NEWS. BRICKS. The brick works so ably managed by Mr. Joubert continue busy, and with kind permission, will form the subject of a future screed. ARTILLERY. Last Saturday the No. 6 Bulli Half-com- pany held a classification for recruits, Staff- sergeant Leyden supervised. The company has seven half-days to put in this quarter. S S, CONCERT. A meeting of Sunday-school teachers was held at the Rectory to take the initial steps for a children's concert to be held in March, the proceeds of which are to be devoted to the prize fund. Mr. W. Bartlett was appointed hon. secretary. FAREWELLED. Mrs. Davidson, wife, of the Rev. J. Davidson, Presbyterian minister at Mur- rurundi, and finally left for that town this week. Before leaving, Miss and the Masters Davidson were the recipients of tokens of esteem from the local Christian En- deavorers. 'THE BLACKBERRY HARVEST is showing signs of waning, due to the death of berries through the absence of rain and the heat, For January, the total quantity sent from Bulli station was 26 tons. One family for the last fortnight's pay drew £8 odd, while another 1ot of champion pickers landed 4241bs. of the fruit as one day's work. PARISH HALL. At a vestry meeting held on Wednesday it was decided to take immediate steps for the erection of a parish hall in connection with St. Augustine's Church as soon as cost and design are agreed upon. The new hall is very much needed, not only for Sunday school purposes, but general church and social work. NEW BRIDGE. Work in connection with the erection of the private bridge over the main South Coast line for Mr. George Adams is well in progress. The work is being done locally, Mr. Morton, C.E., having supplied the plans. 60 000 bricks are to be used, the same being supplied by Mr. Joubert, of the Bulli Pottery Co's, works. AN ANNIVERSARY. To-morrow, Sunday, will be the first anniversary of the wreok of the brig Amy, which was lost with.all hands, and in view of a large number of people, on Thirroul beach, Sunday, February 13, 1898. The pretty memorial Btone now overlooks the site of the ocean's tragedy, in whioh ?' Man proposed, but God disposed.' RE- INTRENOHED. Mr. Marriott, for .some time past em ployed as clerk' at the Woinona colliery, has again joined the great aFmy of civil servant', from which charmed circle he was previously deposed at the time when every day, from Saturday to Sunday, was a Black Wednesday. This is a bit paradoxi cal, but must be excused as the writer knows no hotter. HOTEL CHANGES. The Bulli Family Hotel, so well and favorably known on the South Coast, is to be sold by auction in Sydney thia mouth. Much speculation is rife as to who will be the new tenant. Mr. and Mrs. Dickson will probably move Shellharbor way, where IVir. w. UlCKHon, Bdu.( ima uisbd uuargo ui the new Royal Hotel. Anothor local hotel is also on the eve of changing hands. POLICE COURT. An action for ejectment was before the Bench on Wednesday in the case Wiseman and others v. Charlesworth. Mr. Wallace (Sydney) appeared for plaintiff and Mr. Lysaght for the defence. Plaintifis wished to tender evidence that notice to quit had boon served in June, 1889. Mr. Ly«a!-ht objected on the grounds that defendant had received no notice of the kind. The Bench considering the nature of the case thought that it should be taken by the police magistrate. The plaintiffs then withdrew the information, Mr. Wallace intimating that a fresh one would be laid. The matter will again come forward on the return of the police magistrate. THE ROADS. ' The Roads Engineer, Mr. Harden, Is calling tenders for some important local work, chief of whioh is the out'ing away, of Charleswor:h Hill. No one will lament the pruning process or rush excitedly to the lnoal poet (whoever he is) for a sympathetic obituary jingler. The noxious hill, so long the. bete voir of all conditions and classes of. travellers, is doomed. That its flinty surface may soon be deeply furrowed with . pick and shovel is the wish — expressed in various terms— of all travellers. The '°&d; from the main rtad'to the Woonona Public School is also to be touched up. Being a grateful kind of people, our hearts are touched with this last proof of departmental fayor. RENOVATING. Several-Householders nave been touching up their several properties, a fact whioh in the obsoured mind of the ..writer betokens two things— that the said householders own the said tenements, and that a brush of paint in time Baves ninety-bine, not to mention dry-rot, while ants, and other fostering iniquities. There is a lot of virtue in paint ; the only time there isn't any at any price is when the carefully-dressed party gracefully poBes where it is thickest and wettest. While on tbis topic,- it may be mentioned that Mr. George Adams has had' the whole of the spaolous verandahs which surround his pretty cottage by' the sea soreened with . glass slides,' thus cheoking rude Boreas in his angrior moods. SCHOOL OF ARTS. At the usual quarterly,, meeting of - the above, Rev. H. Tate presiding, the ques tion of what to do with the building whioh for so many years bad sheltered Woonona's literary treasures cropped up. Three ways wero suggested — to renovate the building, sell, or shift it to a more oentral spot. Nothing was deoided, but the secretary was instructed to write' to the Department ask ing their advice as to whether the three suggestions could be discussed at ihe. tame meeting. Mr. J. Humphries ia now librarian and repor's the. need of more book*. To be practical the chairman placed 2$ 6d on the table. Like Topsy, the amount 'crowed' till 30s was in hand. Disous Gions and debates aren't in it anyway in ' praotical aid of tbis sort, for lack of which poor Gin's baby gave up the ghost. HOSPITAL MA1TEHS, The hospital committee— or, rather, what should bo a committee but which isn't — have got tied up in a knot all through what In ' another place1'' would be termod 'hoBiy legivl-ttion.1' At the annual elec tion three persons were nominated in exoess of the number required, viz., 16. For this stato of affairs Act 16, 1898, provides per clause 8, part 2, for the adjournment of the meoting for seven and not more than four toon days, during whioh period ballot papers with tho names of those nominated are to be sent to every quiliGed subscriber. The chairman, however, ignorod tho above very explicit instruction and plainly though not orally indicated that overybody oxpec ted the other fellow to do his duty — i.e., withdraw. The ohairman, of oourse, with only six attendances to his credit out of a | possible 14 lot 1898, could not be expected I to withdraw, but Messrs.' John Wynn and Boland did. But there still remained :a' third— Mr. J. 'Glass. Evidently he was very muoh in tho position of his co religionist, Jonah — not wanted on the voyage. Mr. Glass, ? though not present, had been nominated and seconded in writ ing as per the Act. But seemingly all the Acts, whether of the Apostles or the As sembly of Now South Wales, could not pre vent Jonah from going overboard. Read sub-clause 2— *' No person shall'be elected to any elective office unless at a meeting for such election ho is proposed and secon ded by two contributors .qualified (o vote and Is with his own consent nominated in writing.' On this exquisitely simple clause Daniel, in the person of the chairman, came to judgment and ruled that, inasmuch as Mr. Glass (who was absent from the meet ing) had not tendered his written consent to being nominated he .was on the above rule Ineligible for election. So Jonah goes overboard with a dull thud, and the ohair man is free for. a while to ride, drive, mangle and mutilate any aot which inter poses itself in the traok of his supreme will. Had the chairman, on - discovering there were three more nominations (19) than tho number required (16), adjourned the meet ing as directed by tho Act, he would not have run the rick of coming a cropper over the sub-clause printed above. It is there fore contended that, there' is no committee, and any administrative net must perforce be illegal and irregular, which isn't fair to the hospital. It is understood that the at tention of the Colonial Treasurer is being drawn to the matter to test the legality of the late alleged eleotion. - 