Miscellaneous. Profitablo Rabbits.— The caroer of [the rabbit in ? Victoria reads like a romance (remarks the 'Australasian' of May 12). A few . rabbits were impotrcd into jthe oountry 40 or 50. years ago, and they gradually spread over the colony till they became a post, and caused the Govern ment and landowners to expend large . sums annually-in vain efforts to keep them uroheok. Tons of poisoned wheat and other bait werci' laid for them, and deadly 'fumes injected into the burrqws, but still they soemed to increase iii num ber, and landowners were driven, in des peration, 'to enclose -their holdings with wlreTnettuig nt grEati expense. This B^ate of affairs', however, is now changed, ttii-mioh an RXDort trade in frozen rabbits ,' having been .established, and if it con tinues $o grow at the same rapid rato as it J -has done during the last four years, the ' \ : difn'culty wfll.BOon bo to find a rabbit in a ' day's ride through the country. Tliojox .[]' .porji trade began in 1894-5, when 89,000 ?. ' pairs pf rabbits were shipped to London ; ' ' while during the year just closed not less th'an 1(210,189 pairs were sent toEngland, ? ?':''., being valued at JE90,000. It is no wonder when tbise -figures are taken into con ' siSeration, that so little is now heard of the ' rabbit curse,' wbich was a few years ' ago the chief topic of conversation among pastoralists. It is stated by Mr D. Wilson, the Government dairy expert who controls the Government cool stores, that this ex pansion has been brought about mainly by the judgment displayed : by Mr Hart, the departmental expert, in rejecting all rab bits unsuited for export, and in paying particular attention to tho grading and packing of tho rabbits intended for ship ment. He adds that Viotbrian rabbits have now acquired a reputation in Lon don,, and that that market can take all we con supply. Gopd Gutter Cows.— Tho Maearthur correspondent of tbo f! Hamilton Spocta tor,' Victoria,' mentions Borne excellent returnsi of butter -from two 'young cows N owned. by MrS. Rowbottom, ofEumer alla Fkts.r No. l.gaye 2121b, of milk, 181b of milk to lib of butter, weekly yield 111b 18oz ; No. 2 251b of milk, 14-41b of milk to lib of butter, weekly yield 121b 2oz. Neither of these cows got any hand, feed ing;' grass being yory' plentiful. They are Bmall in size, being of mixed Ayrshire and Jersey blood. ,.0ure for Milk i?ever.— The 'Fanners' Gazette' ? (Ireland), referring to a new cure for milk fever, says : — ' The injec tion into the vdc'er of a solution of iodide of potash is claimed by veterinarians and others to give very excellent results, and already it is becoming recognised in certain quarters as one of the most reliable reme dies yet introduced. It consists in inject ing into the udder (through the teats) one dram of iodide of. potassium mixed with one quart of boiling water, cooled down to 08deg. Fahr. before being. ;used. Half a pint of this is to be injected into Oich r.rter of tho udder. ' The animal uld then be placed in a com ' fortable position on her chest, and the udder gently ' . rubbed. * Her posi tion should bo changed every two or three hours, and only one injection 1 is necessary.' It should be bornu in mind that before the injection is given the udder and teats should bo carefully washed with soap and water, to which a little carbolic acid has beeh added.' Selling Cattle by Live Weight.— Farmers are so slow to appreciate the advantages of tbe weigh-bridge in live Btoek transac tions (writes the 'Field') that the method of selling cattle by live weight must necessarily moke little headway. It is worthy of notiee, however, that the principle has been put in operation at one auction mart at least. A leading firm of Scottish auctioneers, in. opening a new mart at Stirling the other day, intimated that they were prepared to sell Btock on this basis if exposors so desired it. The offer was promptly taken advantage of, for the first lot placed in the ring was sold on theie.lines, the bids being made at the rate of 3d perewt live weight. How Long Shall I Live ? — According to M. I. Holl Schooling, of Brussels, says ' Cosmos,' ' there is an old rule for findr ing the length of a man's life if the present age lies between 12 and 86 years. This is therulo : Subtract the present age from 86, and divide the remainder by 2; the result will five the number of years you have yet to live. This old rule was discovered by the mathematician deMoiyre, who emi grated to England from France in 1865 and became a member of the Royal Society. The curves given by M. School: ing are interesting to; examine. . A first diagram shows the chance every man has of living one year longer than, his present age. At birth, this chance is 5 to 1 ; at five years, 119 to 1 ; at ten, 512 to 1 ; fat fifteen, 847; at twenty, 207 ; at twenty ? five, 156; at thirty, 120: at thirty-five, 97 ; at forty, 78, eto. M. Schooling affirms from his calculations that of 1,000 indi viduals of 60 years 599 will live to be 70, 120 to 80 years, and 17 to be 90; while of 1,000 nonagenarians, four will reach their hundredth year. We.may add that for men of 65 the average expectation of life is 10 l-8rd years.' Bottled Lightning.— A gentleman frpm the American backwoods was invited by an old friend of his, who had made bis way to affluence in more civilised parts,' to spend a few days at the affluent one's villa. When the backwoodsman arrived a servant Bhowed him to his bedroom, turned on the electric light, and retired. Early next morning the guest appeared, looking as if he had passed the night with a Welsh rarebit, or Banquo's ghost. His ? host, noticing his perturbed appearance, anxiously inquired the cause. ' Waal, John,' said tho visitor, ' to tell the troth, I didn't sleep a wink all night ; them new11 fangled electric- lights kept ma awake.' 'Well, Silos, old boy, why didn't you turn them out?' 'Turn them outl Why, John, I couldn't get at them. You've got : the durned things in glass . bottles lS : Marriage of Divorcees. — It is announced ! by Bishop , Thornton, of Ballarat, that in ? . ; the diocese of Ballarat ? marriage licenses will not be granted to divorced persons who wish to 'wed a second time. The ' question is to be brought upfor considera ? . tion'at the Viotorian synod to be held next year. For the present Dr Thornton is persuaded that re-marriage after 'di vorce is . unlawful for : Christians. What does Bishop Thornton suppose will fol low ? The best thing to do with people [ ' whoBe practices drag them into thelK f , ? ' vorce Court is to marry them off speedily. i,. To let them roam at large, as Dr Thorn I ton proposes, will neither be good ifor r society. ? nor ? for themselves. If one I church refuses to marry them another will ; and, after all, it is only the civil contract, not the religious ceremony, that tho law recognises. The crown that adorns the brow; of : Holland's youthful Queen is said to have / OOBt £120,000. In 1829 it was stolen, by burglars, and romained-in their possession . for nearly two years... Eventually part of the stones were found near Brooklyn, and the remainder wero ultimately discovered -J in Belgium. aT*' The ' North Western Advocate ' is tho 'A r best advertising medium for all distrusts 1' from Chudleigh to Penguin on acoount of j ' its superior oaoulation. *v ... 