CAMELS K QUEENSLAND. Recently, owing to the severity of the season in the soirOi-west portion of the col ony, it has been found necessary to resort to camels in order to get wool away from and supplies out to distant stations. Thfe provoked an outcry from the ordinary car riers in Oonnami£la and Ttaaxgomindah. A correspondent in this issue shows how base less this is. Our correspondent speaks from a lengthened experience, for he goes back thirty-one yams in vrder to tell of bis first a/fptunranee mft camels. Bat start ing from that now «ifa**«lrt' date and com ing down right to the present day he snow* t&at; in no case have i™MTyJg ever been a rival to the tw'm^'T Jnamrfa are never resorted to except in times of great draught, iwhen the roads are closed to every other kind, of carriage, immediately the season breaks and tie roads are open the camels are at once driven off by the teams. And our correspondent shows why. Camels carry only a smaH Joad, and %bis has ftlo be loaned and nnloaddd every day. The re sort is that 6he goods are exposed to very much greater risk through /*hw^ng and ex posure to the meatier than goods carried in a waggon, and which are never touched from tie time they are loaded tal they reach then- destination. iWnen the roads are open for teams tfie camel baa not a ghost oi a cnance qs a rival tx- the waggon, but when they are closed by drought our correspondent very naturally asks ?whether the people living in the far interior are to suffer loss through being unable to get their wool to market, and privation, through being unable to get up supplies, simply for tie benefit of tie carriers ? That is en extr&oridinary; position to take up. -Atthe last mowing of the Gregory B&BMt; Board, as reported in our Columns, the Board re solved to purchase fifty camels in order to deliver tie netting for the- raMbit proof tense on the ground. This netting bad been lying for months in Wcrbm, but owing to the season it was impossible for teams tc carry ft ont to the ISnA *W%al was tie Board to do ? Was it to wait an indefinite time tai the season broke, or was it to get the fence erected as quickly as possible, tuid so protect tile country from invasion t The drought keeps down tie rabbits, and if the fence can be erected before it breaks there is great hope of completely excluding them from Queensland at that point But if tie netting is not to be nraved from tiic rafl nay till teams can travel that means it is not to be moved till the rabbjts can travel, and fang before ihe fence oou3d be erected the rabbits might be well within the line. From whatever point it may be viewed there is nb ground whatever for the agita tion -whicn has been raised against tbe use of camels during drought, and at no other time does anyone even think of using them. 