-r.v • -■ ■>«- wv. ., : , PORTIA'S tiisdBl^Tlb^ OF HER LOYERa ADAPTED TO" MODERN ENV1BON ' < MENTS./ ' BY SHAKSPEaJRE'S GHOST. POBTIA ... WAltiAJaOO ELEOTOEATE. NEEISSA ... .. ... MBS GRUNDY. \- Portia : By my ~ troth -Nerissa, I'm aweary of iihese legislative marriages ev^ery three years. They create a most unhealthy excitement, and Jby the, time one gets feconeiled to having made a' fool of-oneself bytlie last selection another comes round to be followed' by the usual grief and remorse at taring selected the worst of two lovers possible. ~On the 2?ffi -■'Of .Aprit I shall have to ■ undergo the or -deal again, and with' my host of admirers there will be a great difficulty in coming lo'a decision, "There- is sure to be trouble -after, ' ' Nerissa : A change certainly carries a degree of novelty, that should commend itself to your sex. \- Portia^: Run over the qualifications of my lovers on this occasion. Nerissa ; You .will have your • old admirers, Grainger and Hooper, desirous to continue their services on your behalf. Portia: My Ismaelite financier, I anticipated his kind solicitations again, and X must admit being a trifle partial to. him. As a postprandial: orator he takes a considerable lump of cake and his love is quite disinterested. Nerissa : Oh, quite, purely a plafonic affection. I "understand he ranks high as " a financier. • Pobtia ; Yes he can multiply and sub tract figures With rapidity. that simply bewilders Holder.; The figures don't know themselves when he is finished with them, and as for telling how many beans make five he has no equal in . the colony. Nebissa : He is certainly a thorn- -in Kingston's side, and his keen |rapier of I satire oft times finSs a hilt in the doughty Premier. He tells some very good draw ing room stories, I believe. ' Pobtia: Yes, but it is not a fact that he is qualifying for membership in the W.C.T.U. There would be too much of the bull in the china shop business about the idea for him. Nerissa : Then you have the silent and retired JMeaster j'Ooper again advocating his claims. How would you like another "three years of him. _ Portia : Silence is golden, and inferen tial^ he must be well stocked with the auriferous .metal. He - has fallen away from the sheltering wing of the A.M.A., and that might have the effect of leaving him out in the cold. ° Nerissa: Why," I thought action was to be taken to make him King of the Moonta Mines, or Knight of the Hamley Flat Tramway. \- Portia: Yes, that was in times.gone by, but things have altered and perhaps out of compassion I might yet smile favourably* on him. . ' Nerissa : Your , old unsuccessful suitor, the Mayor of Wallaroo, will be again, numbered amongst your admirers. Pobtia: Poor- little man, T have rejected him so often that I feared ha would transfer his affections elsewhere. Such constancy must, however^ eventually have it's reward, and I'm certainly sweeter on him now than I have ever been before. Nerissa : The little mjn knows no such word as failure. He is irresistable: you may sit on him, tread on him,- in fact dance on him, but like - a cork he is up again, there is no putting Atdown. His claims to your loving glances have won derfully improved of late, and he stands on the highest pinnacle of successful anticipation. There js no getting out of Me ^ h We^outof younmtU he-is accepted. Jgfflon; *ut it is $ pity iherejs^Bo ^ittle tne^sure of^thsr area of figure as a desirable qualification you have the Lord Mayor of Bagot street, as a wooer. Portia : Who is he 1 NerissSt : Why to know not our honest friend Bill Richardson is to argue thyself unknown. „ Portia : A new" claimant for my fascin ating smile of £200 a year. Nerissa : There is nothing mercenary about His Excellency, but as Bagot-street in Wallaroo is the hub of the universe, the absence of a representative for that important position of the globe is a state of affairs that honest William is not desirous to allow, to continue. He can fetes more babies when on a tour than all the other candidates* put together. Portia,: That gives liim a bis handicap with th£ ladies. • Nerissa.: Then following in the order of cubic measurement of person cornes your previously rejected suitor, " Mr Verxan, die knight of the tincan election. Portia : The-tincan process of election -is supposedto be an improvement on the Hare-Spence system of voting. Nerissa : Yes- The tin can votes put Turn head of the Poll, brit the ordinary system knocked him completely out. Portia : Shows the disadvantage of not generally adopting the - kerosene-tin election. Nerissa : Yerran was well up in the running last election, and is in great favor this time with the people from Cornwall. Comes next to honest Bill for palavering the ladies, and kissing babies. Portia : Yes. I understand he is in great fettle for ihe race, and is heavily backed by the A.M.A Nerissa : He will be quite content to dispense with the filthy lucre, attached to the position; in fact, doesn't want it. _ Portia ; I am not sure that he is likely to get the chance, to refuse it. \- Nerissa : Then comes last, "but not least, the talented scribe 'of Goyder sfcreet. The. apostle of Democracy. ." A spiuk span new. devotee. He can con struct startling epigrams, compose tren chant witticisms, and expound ideas that suggest some doubt that one small head could carry all he knows. _ Portia-: You refer of course to "the Editor oi-2he J?lain Dealer. : There is only one editor in South Australia, and that is the aspirant for your hand and salary. Just give him a show »nd; lie will rectify all the social .wrongs inside the space of three years. He has only one fault, and that is a super abundance of modesty; doesn't actually know-his own value. ~ - . Pottni: That's? pity and'in considers- - tion of th e defect 1 will giveirim kind showB for top place, his own and the show ;of the late lamehted{Mr Buckley. - That -J tbink Bhould satisfy him. ■ , Nerissa : .Well, what about a .decision ? Will you say the two old lovers ? Better the gentlemen you know than the gentle man you; don't know, as the old adage goes. _ . ; ° Portia : X will certainlyjgivfy the finan— - cial member another term, but I am' undecided about the second. . I like Measter 'Ooper yery weji, ;and the ener getic little Mayor of Waflifoo Jim claims that .must be ^carefully considered. P<jr-i haps when the figures-go.up any selection' cquld be tiorrectly d^cribed as ihe. long ancL the short of t^e candidates. ? - ;j 