BROADBRIM'S GREATER KEW YORK LETTER. The -U.'izct committee is happy. The Legislature has given it 50.000 dollars to ~t«ru-otir-j)ublic-departments inside out. We liOTtlly look for any' great moral re • generation from its efforts."-The policeman. ..will..still .take his-glass of whisky-behind t-hc door; the luck}' captain of the precinct, win again gather the shekels from the ring ed, streaked a"ncT speckled ; the soiled dove's, as of yore, will have the freedom of the city, and the happy officials, high and low, wii! again realise the- nbundanct'.'of'tlie-'.pfb niiscd hind. The trust insanity is at i'evor heat : it increases every .hour.. It is .impossible to see the end. but sure-as fate-the end'will come. The combinations of the past wyek exceed a thousand millions, of which 'the Steel Trust alone aggregated five hundred' and forty millions. The Copper-Trust" -is phenomenal: a subscription list was,opened for the formation of ^hiS'trii'Stf wlnbh' \viil he up in the hundred'million- figure,-and in four hours from "the time "the books were opened the entire subscription Was taken up, and crowd, which reached blocks away, after waiting fc-r hours, found them selves shut out. Money was there; hard cash to take up four times as much stock as had "been offered.. This is madness; the most desperate insanity the world has ever seen. Have men lost- all remembrance, of the ruinous speculation of the past? Have they forgotten the South Sea bubble P Have they forgotten the tulip craze, which left Europe almost bankrupt ? Have they for gotten Hudson and his railway craze* that shook the credit of England as" it had never been shaken before ? And if Barney Barna to still lived he might be one of those ob ject lessons which remind mankind of the broad road that leads to ruin. It- is only the other day since a man appeared oil 'Change with a carnation pink which he valued at- 1000 dollars ; loOO dollars paid ror a single orchid ; 2400 dollars for a- wire terrier. But what of it ? M oil oy is plenty. We are living in a thotisand-million-dolliir nge, and a thousand-million-dollar republic. ^ e ha ve not yet emptied our plethoric sack. Take your pencil from behind your ear, good sir, and figure: Waldorf Astor, over 200,000,000 dollars; John D. Rocke feller, the nest- in succession, 180,000.000 dollars : Andrew Carnegie, offered 175,000,000 dollars for part of his steel holdings; inside of 18 years .Jay Gould" died, leaving a fortune of 75,000,000 dol lars. But my brain reels, and I must stop Hold up! Hold up! Clap on the brakes. We are going too fa.st. Hold up! I shall never forget the remark of an Eng lish "Globe Trotter," who visited our coun try many years ago during the wild excite ment- of a Presidential canvass. The elec tion lasted three days. Bands of Repeaters under .the lend of some notorious Thug marched from ward to ward, and frequently from precinct- to precinct- in the same ward. They voted early and they Voted often, and more than one State and national elec tion has been decided by the votes of Thugs and thieves whose legitimate home would have been the Penitentiary or State's Pri son. Our English friend looked on in amaze ment, although he had seen some pretty lively elections in his own country, hut none that- would compare with elections in the United States, and when it- came to accusing the candidates of crime the Yankees left their., a .thousand miles behind. "Wliydpii'tyou nominate for your officers some men of established eh.vact< r and honesty ?" was the Englishman's query. "'Why, my dear sir," the-American replied, '•thoy would npt stand:the: ghost of a rinin-e of being elected/' whereupon the globe trotter, who, by the w(;, was -to "write a book, made not.; on the ,'ery dirty r ati' of a very dirty shirt. He wrote," "Americans, in nominating incumbents for their public offices, generally select the vilest criminals. A life of crime being the only passport to great political success.5.' No wonder the Englishman thought as he did ; the evidence that- he had w;ls'not mere hearsay or vague report. It was not the re port of the enemies of the United States. It was Americans speaking-of Americans. It was Democrats speaking of Republicans and Republicans speaking of Democrats. A bout f:vo or six years ago the entire lan 1 was seized with a sudden spasm of virtue which boded ill for the d 1 and his dis ciples—if he kept fooling away his time here seeking whom he may devour. A committee was appointed to investigate the various de partments of our city government, and if necessary to turn them inside out, or upside down. Money was not wanting for the inves tigation, for, where State aid failed, the capital of private citizens, who wanted a pure and honest government, came to the front and tided the committee safely through what seemed to be a long period of financial disaster. What follows was suggested by previous lines of thought. Every eight o>" iei- years our goody goodies are_.ni.Qved by.a cyclonic hurricano of righteousness and start a cru sade of virtue, in the hope that some day the whole world might be as good as them selves. A Reform Patty was started; it' swept through the State as a monsoon - sweeps the Indian Seas. The Lexow Com mittee sat several months and expended, thousands of dollars and Succeeded in .send ing a police captain 'lb State's prist-i for accepting a basket of poaches for his Sun day dinner; in fact, it was stated at the trial, as he was passing along the sidewalk, Lite on Saturday afternoon, a- fruit mer chant, who had the. sidewalk crowded with his peach baskets, sang out to the captain as he passed through;:the .market, "Cap.,-I will send you a.basket of peaches." He did - send-them,- aiid- the captain- and his ""family. ate them- for- Sunday-dinner. Jt- was-a dear "basket of" peaches for tlie captain j ho,last his placs for the time and <went.-to- State's Prison; but- I see he is back oil the force again, a bright and sMmiiglexamjplG^of^com mittee investigation. JMr.'„Gflffj.-the. prose-1 cuting attorney for the committee, succeed ed "in getting "a nice "fat Tierth .for his-*er Yices" as Recordenof-thelCity of New-^ork, with a salary of .17,000; dollars, per: aanum-f liot to, -mention a few unconsidered'"triflds worth at least 5000" dollars'"more. ■ ■ ' Sb ■eminent:-was the services of the Reformers that esQQpt those whose offices could liot be touched,but were':almost a .life .tenure, the morning' after the next-' elect-ion there was hot one of tli£; grand - Reformers left . politically alive, and now the wicked Tam many officers are trying "to. find .out where all the money "went-. One reformer, who held liis place by a short tenure, is said to have walked off with .111,000 dollars in his pouch, for which no work was done, and now the people . who . seldom pray are saying, "Save us, oh, save us'from Reform." The agony has ceased; sand the Rev. Dr. Briggs is now a full fledged priest and now acknowledges the rubric as the source of Episcopal light and instruction. If the mat ter was not of such" serious-import, which now > threatens - n - serious division in the .Episcopal Church, it would only be a sub ject entitled to "derisive .'laughter.. Don't be h'urriedl ,away. by the beating of tom-toms and-, the shouts- of :an: ignorant-multitude, but- place the simple facts' before yourself and""give it the"" consideration it is entitle.! to. Bishop' Potter' belongs to a . race of •Episcopal,.priests. . Wherever it -is- known lit Hschold fax "the. highesthoriorrand reverence ; a man .of blameless"life"-an!d. of the broadest cliatilSy "to .all: the', human ra.ee in the go ;yernment; pfrhis-life ;• no-'faction- so :great its tallead-or drive him and 110 fraction- of! a faction so poor or weak but that at all times they pari vcoriimaml' his charity and love. Ttfshow the character of the man who a little country parson talks of impeaching: In the lowest portion of the New York slums, where "sin blooms and' blossoms all tlie' year, the summer's heat cannot destroy it, the winter's blast cannot drive it from its stronghold ; it'-is there7;alwaysj and : it was here-ffliat bishop Potter established a mission house." It was a place of severe toil and small reward.-- The good he did never reached the - ears of tlie multitude; a few ■of-tiiem knew of his life of sacrifice, but. they rendered little aid to, help him;; The summer's heat was at its height sometimes during his sermons to these unkempt-crowds. He talked to the multitude of green fields, blooming orchards and-:rumiing brooks; they lived in the days of the prophets who left us' 'the. beautiful story of' Canaan with its abundance of honey and milk. But these, things were not for him wliile here, and so In-: returned .to his work, sick and we.irv, living only the hope of the better time to come. One day Bishop Potter, clad like an or dinary traveller, appeared at the mission house. -.He looked into the tired of the humble priest and bade him depart- :i'or ULs smmncr outing". Knowing v.vll that hotel-;, railroad accomnunodiitk-n r,nd other like things are not- to be had for nothing he presented him with a nice little sum of ; money as the i'eward for faithful ami holiest .service. There was tlie- grunt Bishop i of »w York with his own beautiful home not far away, filling the place of the rector during his two weeks' absence. Ho ne^er ventured near his own home, but dedicated liis entire service to that, humble church. .Two weeks passed rapidly away, twc.. we^ks. of blessed employoQiunt-. wluch maae ■ . the heart of the m_t-He perfqruiauce of his liolv task. His workjyilli be^mji": . jecV iewon Tor years to come, a bright and, ••hilling example of what a priest of C .iristj -ornrhtrta-hc: ' ; j .Dr. Huntington, of Grace Cnurch, is an» other of whom the F.pii-.copal Church may well .tVeLproud. For years he has been r<4 jravded T.'<tiiiff'"ftf the pillars ot the Kpi-t.'Opaf ■Church ill. New York, i'litl these two worthy 'Christians are tlie men whom Dr. Gleiu denning talks of impeaching and driving from tlie priesthood." "'] t is fortunate foj" .Epjscopacy that there are so few Glenden'r niims. and' wo feci secure that tlie Kpisuop-w Thurchis safe.in the government raid lovf of men' likeBMiop Potter and Dr. Hunty iivton, -ii nil .would reconiHiend to Dr. Glen detming a season'of humiliation and prayer!, sackcloth, and' "ashes;! O i . Not in my memory, since the death of President Garfield''have I seen a single life create such a profound sensation at parting as did that of Roswell P. Flower, late Go. vernor of New York, a man who once repre sented liis State in Congress, and was known on Wall-street among the money changers and a member of that guild whose financial transactions are known throughout the world. Ho was known as a man .the rule of whose life had been unexpected and un qualified honesty. His word on 'Change war; held as good as the bond of an ordinary capitalist; a man of broad views a;nd tire- ■ less industry, who enjoyed the love, and re spect- of all'who knew him, and those who knnw him longest loved and honored him best. The shock of his death was peculiar. He was a man of sturdy mould, temperate and careful, and while associated in business relations with many of the largest undertak-. in"s of his time he seemed mentally and physically qualified to bear and carry any reasonable amount of strain. He was looked upon bv those who knew him best as a man who had many vears of active life in store for him, and' only a {ew nioinenfe before the summons of the death angel he was in conversation- on one of the most .gigantic undertakings of 'his time, an enterprise which was looking toward the most intimate and closer connection of the different- parts of the Greater New York. The project in its fulness would call for a sum not much short of a thousand millions, and yet- so ea^er were capitalists to invest in this great enterprise that twice the sum needed could be had if required. In this connection it rni^ht be well to mention a point- referred to In mV last letter, and tliat was the sud den popularity of the steel trust involving ;i capital of five hundred and fifty millions. These two great trusts called for a sum of nearly one thousand five hundred millions of- dollars. The very thought of it is ap p-illinc. Whatever enterprise Mr. 1 lower was connected with lie always figured as a leader. Those associated with him would in sist upon placing him-in the front, having the oreatest reliance in liis honesty and iudcmient. His honesty was never ques tioned; liis judgment was almost unerring. The most remarkable thing in tliis connec tion is that, notwithstanding liis association with so many gigantic enterprises, many men almost intimately connected with him hardlv suspected the extent, of his. under-: takings. y0r a man exposed as lie; was m public life, he was never boastful lor self assertant-. He was -singularly modest, often "■'iviiv to others the honor of .his successes; wliieh were almost entirely his own. His political connection was honorable in every respect, and on leaving his great office lie carried with him to private life tlie love and respect of both political parties. -\t, the last National Democratic Con vention he seemed to have an idea that possiblv his party might be looking for a compromise candidate. Several times it looked as though his ambition would be "•ratified, as he sat, like a patriarch, with Mrs. Flower by liis side, and the remainder of his family around liim, lie waited for the call which never came. Thcfact- was that- New York had the previous President, and that he had incurred the displeasure of the Democratic party by lus mflesible honestv, which would not yield to their de mands. • . , , ... ,i The brave ruler, the honest citizen, the faithful husband, the loving father, lias been called away. We will lay Ins manly iorm in the earth in the City of the Dead, where the spring flowers bloom, sweet em blems of Him who said, "I am the resurrec tion' and the life." The earthly form is cone but the sweet- savor of an honest, li.e remains immortal. And so we. leave him alone with God. Farewell". Yours tralv, BROADBRIM. 