War News. London, Nov. 20. The correspondent of the " Times of Natal' at Ladysuuth repots that on the 9ih instant the Boers covered by a heavy tire of shells occupied all the ridges and kopjes adjacent to the British lines, and ulf sides were attacked, the hottest figfh ting being between the Free State and Newcastle rail wars. The splendid firing of thd Rifle Brigade, the Joliinuesburg Voluntas s, and th Kiug's Royal RilLs twica repulse ! tenacious attacks The Bo ers left, a deep treuch fronting the British lines unguarde!, and the Kitle Brigade occupied it unobserved. The Brigade reserved its fire until the Boers re-advance J. When the enemy had reached the erd^e of the trench volleys were poured iuto them, astounding the Boers, •who bolted, British shells completing the rout. Another section of the Boers fired heavy shells until the concentrated British guns disabled the mortals. The men of the Manchester repulsed a thiri section of the enemy. The British were victorious overy where. It is estimated that, the Boers lost 800 men. The Lyddite shells si> terrified the Boers that their officers hai to drive the gunners to their guns at the point of the revolver. Liter.—The Manchester Re^irrent on Nov. 9 encountered at short raugu bund red•< of Boers who were hiding in ± dong so as to have protection from the Lyddite shells. The enemy suffered great loss. After the victory General .Sir G. 8. White ordered a salute in honor of the Prince of Wales' Birthday. Immense enthusiasm Was displayed. A sortie ma le by General Sir G. IS. White's forces from Ladyvnith on Nov. 14 provoked a biif engagement. The Boer* were driven from their guns and lost their position. The Boer loss was great. On the part of the British the casual'ies were few. The magistrate at A iwal North, in the disaffected portion of C ipe Colony, was compelled by tl,e Boe r 3 to s^and on the bridge spaiuiing the Orange River while they crossed over ir, mtu the town. They feared that the British had laid mines beneath the bridge. The residents of the 'own of R-jpublicau sympathies were commandeered by the Bo TS, while the others were ordered to leaVf. ^ The Boers have oeoupied Jamestown aud f Burghersdorp. Lidysmith on the 18th inotant reported the town to be healthy, aud it was conflidered it could hold out for two n.onths. Some of the prisoners at Pretoria are suffering from scurvey. They complain of the inferiority of the tinned meats supplied them. '•There ia no doubt that iu a large number of cases the wages of women are inadequate for their requirements; and thus a great and fearful danger is furnished in a community."—Mr. W. M'Millan at the Working and Factory Girls' Club meeting. A miner named John Muller was k : lled by a fall of earth at Trappit's Hill, Sofala, on Sunday. Burglari have visited the house of Tom Hales, the well- known Victorian trainer and ex jockey. They carried off two cups, one valued at £100, won at Albury in 1887, and the other of silver, valued at £10, given to him as rider of Emulation at the Adelaide St. Leger in 1876. Grenfell, Tuesdey.—A requisition calling on Mr. Hoi man. M.L.A., to resign hi? position as member of the Assembly for this electorate gives the following reason: "As you have wantonly abused the confidence we reposed iu you at the last election, aud you no longer retain our authority to give expression of your views in Parliament, antagonistic to our cherished principles of loyalty to the British Empire, of which it is our proud privilege to be members." The requisition is headed by the Mayor, and copies of stine for signature are being distributed throughout the electorate. A telegram from Blayney states that consternation has be-m caused among the miners at the copper mine by the yisits of a ghost in oue of the shifts Strange noises, such as the ringing of bella, loud signing, groaning, &n.;, are reported to be hear J by tho men. It is further stated that even the miners' candles are extinguished by a supernatural leing; some of the men also state thit the ghost, brushed past them. Owini» to the terror inspired by rhe visitor from the unknown regions, sir men have refused to work in the ruiue. SYEJUEY EXHIBITION.—An altogether wrong impression, which should be re moved, exists with regard to that remarkable Sydney Exhibition the Cyclorama. Many imagine because they have «een it once or twice, they neod not go there again, unless they wish to see the same thing, this is a bit? mistake. The Cyclorama itself may not have changed, but the line Hall recently built specially for Illusions is a perfect Chameleon and frail, fickle woman is not in it. Th variety of bewildering Illusions sprung upon the audience is a perfect revelation, and now on top of these is added an up-to-date LUMIEHE CINEMATOGRAPHS. As a shilling exhibition it is a remarkable one.* 