PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED, " The Ipane," by R. B. Cunninghame Grahame (T. Fisher Unwin). With this volume Mr. T. Fisher Unwin commences a new series, entitled "The Overseas Library," with the object of procuring " descriptions of colonial life true to the special local colour and atmosphere of the district, and of finding writers who may create artistically truthful pictures of their surround- ings." It is decidedly a good move in the right direction, and, provided by. Mr. Unwin adheres to his expressed intention of accepting stories only on their literary merit, it should do more to founding a colonial literature than any previous effort on the part of an English publisher. Contributions with this understand ing, are " cordially in- vited," and there is no doubt that the innovation will meet with a gratifying reception from writers and readers alike. The editor of the '"Library" could not have done better than he has in choosing Mr. Cunninghame Graham's book as the first of the series. It is an extremely readable collection of short stories and sketches dealing with life in the South American States, Mexico, the West Coast of Africa, Ice- land and other places. A large order, truly, but they all leave the impression that they have been written by a man who has been there, and that they are " artistically true" pictures of the different modes of existence depleted. Mr. Cunninghame Grahame has a " cheerfully profane" style which suits his stories exceeding well. There is no attempt at character drawing or dramatic situations in them. They are just of the kind which one hears round camp fires, or in clubrooms, and which are always intensely interesting to those who have any symptoms of the " go fever." They one and all give some idea, of the wideness of the world to those who stay at home either from inclination or necessity. This collection, therefore, should be heartily welcomed by all readers, whether they be of England or of the Empire. " When the Mopoke Calls," by William S. Walker (John Long). (Before this book appeared the author was extensively para- graphed as the nephew of Rolf Boldrewood, j as if the relationship to the author of " Robbery Under Arms" was in itself a recommendation. It was calculated to make any one fight shy of a man who did not seem strong enough to gain a footing in the arena of literature on his own merit. But the course pursued was hardly a diplomatic one. i " When the Mopoke Calls" is well worth reading on account of the local colour por- ' trayed in the twenty odd stories and sketches between its covers. They all deal with Australian subjects, and most of them treat of bush life. The book makes no pretence to literary merit as far as style and wealth of language goes, but each sketch is told straightforwardly in words, which are sometimes simple and occasion- j ally turgid. The author is certainly at his best in his lighter moments. The heavy tragedy of one or two of the tales is not at all convincing, and here and there it is even inartistic. But his descriptions are distinctly good, and the humorous side of bush life is presented very wittily. The first and second sketches deal with the troubles' of a jackeroo, and the picture drawn of the raw young Englishman and the mistakes he was wont to make are decidedly comical. Some of the tales are of the old days, when bushrangers " stuck up" stations and shot down shepherds-tales calculated to give a somewhat wrong impression to readers of the hook in England. Others again treat of the ghostly side of Australia, although the country is too young at present to have any reliable ghost stories. In each of the sketches there is something to attract and, provided that the reader does not look for anything extraordinarily brilliant, he should be quite content to spend an hour or two pleasantly enough over its DuTusal. " Rl'y Only Murder," by Ernest Favenc (George Robertson and Co.), Most of the tales in this collection of short stories have a familiar ring, and have doubtless been published before in various publications in this country. They all sound a more or less distinctly Australian note, and there is some merit evidenced in their composition. (Many of them are slight enough, built round an or salary incident of bush life, and some of them are humorous. Mr. Favenc has of late years dropped away somewhat from the public gaze, and his reappearance in the arena is gratifying. Australian prose writers are, as yet, too few in number to allow of any defections from their ranks, and a t practised hand is bound to be missed. Of 1 the stories in Mr. Favenc's book the best are "LA Tale of VanderJju Island," George Cattinnun," and " The New Super of Oakley Downs " while others approach them fairly close. INtake of them are remarkable for any ( brilliancy, but they are readable enough, i Mr Favenc has a vein of humour which he ¡ uses with good effect in half of his coffee- i tion at least, and he does not in any of them j spare the local colour which is always neces- - sary In tales such as his. t "The North Shore Mystery," by Henry Fletcher (George Robertson and Co.). Australian literature must be progressing favourably when a detective story can be evolved dealing entirely with an Australian subject, without any outside aid. The author is Australian, the incidents are likewise so, and the environment is no further away than the city of the Beautiful Harbour. Truth compels the admission that there is not much attraction in the story beyond the fact that is dis- tinctively Australian. Just when the dead five Interest is strongest, and everybody is working on the wrong clue, the author breaks off to describe events which happened long before the murder which constitutes the " North Shore Mystery." CeT tainly these events all lead up to the final denouement, but too much time had space seems to be spent on them, and more than that they require two different sets of characters always fatal to the continuing interest of a story. Still, the plot is in- geniously worked out, and doubtless will prove readable to a. large section of the reading public in the colonies. " Poems," by Charles Harpur (William Dymock). Readers of Australian literature are apt to forget that a singer once lived, in this country whose contributions to. poetry were sufficient to form a volume not inconsiderable in extent. Charles Harpur belongs entirely to. the old school, Born at the beginning of the century, his work was done and he himself dead before the younger circle of Australian birds were yet out of their teens before some of them wore even horn. His verse is not characterised by any extraordinary spark of genius. It is, in the main, the work of a man with a poetic instinct semi developed, and influenced largely by the spell of the bush. He indulges largely in blank verse -almost a lost and nowadays in this country. His work strikes one as being carefully and patiently prepared, with his quasi classical education has enabled him to draw many parallels and examples from the old masters. His book is one, to use an oft-quoted trade phrase, without which no collection of the works of Australian authors would be complete. " Departmental Ditties," by Rudyard Kipling (George Newnes, Limited). It has come at last. For the past few months the sixpenny editions have been increasing in number, and the authors have been taken from successive grades approaching nearer to the top of the hill until now Kipling himself j has Joined their ranks. Certainly the book published is one of the lesser known works from his pen, and one which he himself j characterised in the " Idler" as, " My First Book," but it contains some of his brightest and happiest poems. The majority of them a deal with the lighter side of Anglo-Indian life, but there is one, " The Galley Slave," which will be appreciated by all countries. I Kipling, when he wrote the Duties." was an Indian journalist, and It was not until after the London boom was at its height that his book began to be sought after. Now days the first edition, "the little known baby with a pink string round his middle," is hardly to be had for love or money. The book is an excellent one that goes without saying, and should in its present form meet with a splendid reception, The Sign of Four" by A. Conan Doyle (George Newnes, Limited). The sixpenny , edition of Dr. Conan Doyle's unapproached i and unapproachable detective stories BIGHT continues. "The Sign of Four" is one of the longer stories about the wily and. state I Sherlock Holmes. who built up whole chains | of evidence from a pinch of over ash of a ' piece of mud. The plot is much the same, as may be found in nearly all his " Advent cares" or the "Memoirs" the committal of a crime, the perpetrators of which have left absolutely no clues great enough to attract the attention of the " gentleman from Scotland Yard," and the subsequent success ful unravelling of the tangle by the mysterious resident of Baker-street. But necessarily, as the book is longer than his ordinary short story, the author has added a good deal more detail which adds material 1 ly to the fascination. Even with that the story considered as a novel is a short one, but it has the recommendation of toting ent montly satisfying throughout. " The impregnable Rock of Holy Scripture, by the Right Hon. W. B. Gladstone George Newnes Limited). This sixpenny edition of one of " the Grand Old Man's" many adventures into the controversial arena Is useful not so much on account of its intrinsic merit as on account of its value as an example of the way in which Mr. Gladstone took up subjects of the widest diversity. It is an attempt to justify the Book of Books as an inspired and conse- ' quently correct work against the attacks of modern science and unbelief. The amount of reading Mr. Gladstone must have done to get his materials into the shape he did must have been something stupen- dous there is no other word for it. The book was first published in 1890, while the Liberal leader was still the foremost figure in English politics, and its publication was only another instance of his marvellous and unresting mental activity. It is admitted that he was wont to allow his enthusiasm to run away with his reason, but none the less a book such as the one under discussion has many points to recommend it. "The Pall Mall Magazine" for says-The "Pall Mall" has seldom had a better collection of short stories than appear this month. "Mr W. L. Alden has one of his quaintly humorous tales, entitled " The Lost Torpedo," wherein are related the doings of a retired sea captain with a passion for invention. There is a pathetic little sketch by John Foster Fraser, drawing a contrast between the joys of domesticity and of the intellectual life from a woman's point of view, much to the detriment of the latter. A weird story by Laurence Housman is made still more eerie by the fantastic illustrations by S. H. Sims, who likewise contributes the sketches for G. S. Street's causerie, " From a (London Attic." The rest of the fictional element is of a very high standard, and the general reading matter is as attractive. Taken altogether the present number of the periodical may be set down as the strongest issued for some considerable time past. "The Englishwoman The April number of this woman's magazine has one article in 'it worth noting as evidence of pro- grasses most readable paper on " Our Morning Paper," rather after the method I the "Windsor" or the "Strand" have of treating a subject. Harold Bindloss, who writes really good stories sometimes, has a Canadian sketch called .' Mrs. Stirling of Somas Lake," which is acceptable on account of its local colouring. The rest of the contents bill are of Wie ordinary stamp, and nothing calls for any special mention. The number is much as usual, and the "Regis- tration (Department for Educated 'Ladies Seeking Employment" is evidently becom- ing a strong feature. The proprietors have not yet added the matrimonial agency necessary to complete the scheme. St. Nicholas." It is not often that this best of children's magazines calls for a note of protest. But " St. Nicholas is so uniformly good that any slight falling off is much more noticeable than in any ordinary case. The current number is not quite up to the standard, although it would be hard to say exactly where it fails. It is perhaps in the repetition of the line "To be continued." One story is more than enough for children to remember from month to month, but when it comes to two or three, or even more, it is to be feared that the little heads will become sadly muddle. The best of the short stories from a youngster's point of view is one by Poulteney Bigelow, entitled " Lost in Russia." There is also a very interesting article on '* Fire-making." and the devices used by uncivilised people for getting fire. " The United States of Europe," by W. T. Stead (2 Review of Reviews"). Whatever else Mr. Stead may be, there is no denying that he is an enthusiast, Whenever he takes up a subject he does it thoroughly. He it was who journeyed to St. Petersburg to see the Tzar of all the Russias, and interview him as to his opinions on and reasons for the Peace Conference. Mr. Stead is new an ardent advocate "Towards the Federation of the World," and his book is written in support of this. It makes extremely interesting reading, and though sometimes he becomes a little too eager for logic, the famous editor of " The Review of Reviews" is always worth attention. His hook should prove most acceptable now, With the Peace Conference at the Hague just begun, and the whole world waiting for the result of its deliberations, *' Numerous Mass and Illustration-" intensify the attractiveness of the publication. "The Lost Life," by W. Hall's Philp (A. J. Ross, Brisbane) According to the title page this book is an account of the evolution of man, the mere animal "being of the earlier millernîaries into the Where and happier conditions of true human existence." He is a semi-rotiBteua, Semi-philosophical work, and its arguments are somewhat too obscure to be followed clearly to the deduc- tions the author seems desirous of drawing. in our book, he says in an explanatory note, " we try to show that no thoughtful and thoroughly disinterested study can ever fail in showing us that the true and actual conditions of the human constitution are utterly at variance, and quite incompatible With man's present theory of his own life. It is a book for a specialist, not for the general reader. j " First Italian Course," foy Dp, William Smith (John Marray). Most men remember ; the black covers and red-eyed leaves of the Principle Latina" which guided their first tottering steps into the realms of the ' classics. Sir William Smith has not departed from that style In others present work, of which this is the sixth edition, there ! pughly revised to date, The Principle He ' time," was an easy book do team from, I therefore one may rest assured that the Italian Principle" is the same, I " Illustrated Method of Learning or Teach- ing French," _y Edw. Puller (William Brooks and Co.) This little pamphlet is an attempt to introduce a new system both of teaching and learning French, by translating direct without the preïiïnJnary grinding through grammars and exercises. It is in some ways an approach to the conversational method, where a child is given a French nurse and picks up the language from her. Such a system has many points of superiority over the usual school method. "The Geographical Journal and Year Book There is always some intensely interesting reading matter in the monthly periodical issued by the Royal Geographical Society. It includes usually some accounts of scientific exploration in the less known parts of the world, and which sometimes fascinate and are always acceptable. The Year Book for 1918 gives a short history of the founding of the society, the by-laws and, charter, a list of the members, and much other useful information as to the administration of the affairs of the Institution. " From, this Peasant's Settle to the Throne of Literary Supremacy, being Glimpses of the career of Thomas Carlyle (wrote acknowledg- ments to Froude, his biographer)," by the Rev. James Henderson (George Robertson and Co.)-^"f_¿ title, which in some way is reminiscent of the books of a century or so ago explains the message thin. little pamph- let has to deliver. In it are contained merely some of the more interesting incidents of Carlyle's life culled from the more extensive works on his life and work. The consumption of perfume is said to be enormously on the increase. The bath responsible for much of this, for into that daily toilet luxury goes many an eight ounce bottle of subtle odours. So large has become the demand, for those form, of perfume suitable for this purpose that the material is In seven instances put up for sale in pint and quart bottles. The soap and almond meal, supplied In artistic packages for the Bath, is suggestive of freshly picked flowers. It appears from English Clubs," just published, that four clubs are already in existence (a. son in ways, and one has been as tsUbltstoed at TOel-tHat-Wei. 