In the presence of the two recent Yarra murder mysteries, and the three Murphys done to death at Gatton, without the assassins leaving any trace, there is an un- comfortable feeling abroad that there may be such a thing as murder made easy. Whether crime detection be an art, a science or an empiricism, it is one so liable to constant failure that little or no depen- dence is placed on its capacity. With the resources of the railway, the telegraph and the telephone at the unlimited service of the Detective Office, together with the organisation of a ubiquitous police force, one would have thought the efforts of an assassin to cover up his traces would have proved well nigh hopeless. But it it is not so. Without resorting to any recondite means of mas- sacre, Messieurs the Assassins manage to pistol, poison and bludgeon their victims with an impunity that is anything but comforting to the lieges who have a penchant for paying their "breath to " time and mortal custom." From some statistics of murder pub- lished a few years since, we learn that in the United States, in the single year 1890, no fewer than 4000 murders were com- mitted. In the year following, the total of capital crimes had risen to 6000 ; and what was the most dis- turbing circumstance about it was that the census figures of the prisons showed most of the murderers to be at large. In a considerable percentage of the cases the fault lay not in the detective office, but in the jury box, because jurymen refused to convict in cases where the homicide ap- peared to have acted under provocation. This it was which caused judge Martine to remark that " jury boxes are nurseries of " crime." But apart from the cases in which juries had enabled assassins to escape the consequences of their deeds, there were said to be thousands of homicides every year who remained undiscovered. In England a few years ago a state of things was found to exist scarcely a degree better. Sir Edwin Chadwick had made a declara- tion in 1888 that " secret murders were " proved to be far more common than the "public had any conception of." A Parliamentary Select Committee ,was set to work to inquire, and it was found that owing to the lax mode of giving death cer- tificates, murder was really made easy against both age and infancy. The report of that Parliamentary inquiry was to the effect that " vastly more deaths occur "annually from foul play than the law " recognises." There was found to be an illicit farming of old age as well as of infancy, and the " "Westminster Bud- "get," commenting on some of the hor- rors laid bare, said: — " The thing seems " impossible that thousands of innocent " and peaceful souls might be made away " with this very night, and no man the " wiser ; that childhood and age in these " free islands lie alike at the mercy of " ghouls more hideous, because more cun- " ning, than the past has known ; that far " and wide among rich and poor the tender " associations of death are desecrated by " cupidity and all manner of outrage." The creepy feeling engendered by these official revelations is not allayed when we remember those unidentified limbs which were recently fished up out of the Yarra waters, and more particularly when we recall the ghastly occupant of the floating boot trunk, made away with in the heyday of her life, without a single surviving friend to record her as among the missing. The detectives stand as utterly non- plussed as the man in the street. Then just within the last few days also we have the gruesome tragedy at Gatton, in which a stalwart young man and his two grown sisters were lured into a paddock on the roadside, shot and battered to death, within half a mile of an occupied house, and all without leaving a clue that has proved so far of the smallest use to the trackers and the detectives. The solacing theory that "murder will out "receives a violent shock in the presence of crimes like these. No doubt Deeming covered up five murders in his Rainhill house by the con- crete of his floor, and got away in safety from the consequences of making his domestic hearth into a human shambles, only to find his Nemesis in Australia. This seems to make out Dr. Martineau's theory that " the conscience of mankind refuses "to believe in the ultimate impunity of " guilt, and looks upon the flying criminal " as only taking a circuit to his doom." It was this same thought that filled Mac- beth's mind with horror as he said : — They say, blood will have blood ; Stones have been known to move, and trees to speak ; Augurs and understood relations have By maggot pies and choughs and rooks brought forth " The secret'st man of blood. Unfortunately, however, for this doctrine, we have the memory of that frightful series of half a score murders in the streets of London known as the deeds of " Jack " the Ripper." Many of those crimes were committed almost under the eyes of the police, and yet to this day the monster who did them may be following his criminal instincts in other parts of the earth, for both Vienna and Paris have since been the theatres of similar crimes. As regards the Parisian murderer who was guillotined a few days since, he confesses to having killed ten people before the murder for which he was convicted. About three years ago an English farmer was hanged for poisoning a giri whom he had seduced. Before his execution he made confessions which led to the discovery of five or six previous murders, mostly committed in the same manner. The mysterious Pettavel murder, near Geelong, stands in the same way to the debit of the detectives. A farmer named Beach was murdered in his bed, where his wife lay beside him, while two servants, man and woman, were sleeping in the same house. The murderer got through his victim's bedroom window and shot Beach, while the wife ran screaming from the room, and then made his escape so effectually that no clue has ever been found, save the discovery of a revolver lying at the bottom of a waterhole. More than a dozen years have passed since then, and the culprit still smiles at the foiled detectives ; so that Hamlet's confident prediction that " murder, though it have no " tongue, will speak with most miraculous " organ," is not exactly a safe basis for Scotland Yard to build upon. And yet, if we might accept the opinion of that model of all detectives, Sherlock Holmes, the official too often relies upon data quite as little reliable. " I am the last and highest " court of appeal in detection," he says. " When Gregson, or Lestrade, or Athelney " Jones are out of their depths, which, by " the way, is their normal state, the " matter is laid before me. . . . Detection " is, or ought to be, an exact science, and " should be treated in the same cold " and unemotional manner." Dickens in- vests Mr. Bucket with preternatural acute- ness ; and Fouche, Napoleon's Minister of Police, was mentally ubiquitious — on paper. But unfortunately for our security we don't find the Buckets and Sherlock Holmeses, nor even a Fouche, as that worthy actually existed, outside the covers of books, or on the prose side of the footlights of the theatre. The detective, as we know hint, is generally an ordinary man who has spent his life in accumula- ting experiences and information concern- ing criminals. Habit, sometimes assisted by nature, has made him observant of men and things, and where there are open clues he can follow them like an expert. But the murderer who poisons young women and disposes of them in boot trunks con- trives to leave as few traces as he can. He is not at all likely to walk about with the brand of Cain on his brow. There is a popular notion to the contrary. Ever since the days when Æschylus wrote his vivid dream of Clytem- nestra, poets and novelists have traded on the notion that men of blood are troubled with dark souls and bad dreams, in which they babble of their crimes, like Eugene Arain and Richard the Third. Science has a very different tale to tell. The worst of malefactors, even the Deemings, when under sentence sleep as soundly as inno- cence itself, and grow plump under their refreshing slumbers. Professor Santi di Sanctis, an eminent Italian criminologist, says : — " The criminal— and I speak ex- " clusively of the murderer, the assassin " or the professional brigand — sleeps " calmly and heavily during the ' nights succeeding the crime, and during " the whole of the time preceding its " expiation." Detectives are not likely, therefore, to take much in the way of self- revelation from the blood shedder. So far from remorse following murder, the com- mon experience is that the taste for blood is a growing quality, and one crime predis- poses to another. Dean, of Sydney, was one of the most fiendish of murderers in intention; but he carried with him so genial and kindly and innocent a face that his acquaintances swore by him. Detec- tion, therefore, in certain cases becomes to the untrained man, who yesterday was an ordinary policeman, with no higher quali- fications, an extremely difficult business, and as the spirits of the victims either cannot or will not come back like the ghost of Hamlet's father to peach on their slayers, the number of cases in which murder will not out becomes startlingly large, and even the best artist in detection has to admit a large percentage of failures. China is " utterly effete," according to Lord Charles Beresford. Yet she has an immense territory and a teeming popula- tion by no means destitute of ability. At all events, it was owing to their astuteness that she figured until the other day among the great powers of world. Her rigid exclusion of foreigners from all but a few ports upon the seaboard, com- bined with her separation by barren pla- teaux and deserts from the rest of Asia, contributed to conceal her feebleness. But her reputation has collapsed like a balloon since it was pricked by Japanese bayonets. A few years ago she was treated respect- fully by the civilised world, and during the eighteenth century was idealised by the most advanced nations. As de Tocque- ville noted, there was not a French econo- mist of the last century who did not swell the contemporary current of eulogies upon the Flowery Land. Jefferson, the repre- sentative of their revolutionary doctrines in America, had for his ideal a State in which almost the whole population should be agricultural in occupation and tolerant in belief, as were the Chinese. The Ency- clopaedists less democratic in politics rejoiced in the spectacle of an absolutism patriarchal in tradition and philanthropic by profession : a State whose religion was a kind of common sense philosophy, and whose rulers were all men of letters. The idealogists of the National Convention rejoiced because all officials were required to win their places by competitive public examination, find ing their favorite maxim, "a career for "talent," already realised in a coun- try of peace and contentment, where the supreme ruler once a year guided a plough with his own august hands, as a practical example to his people. Goldsmith's charming Citizen of the World was dressed as a Chinese, and when Galland's translation of the "Arabian Nights" was so much the rage in Parisian society it was thought but natural that some of its loveliest Princesses and wisest Monarchs should be Mongolian. That Europe has so long been deceived is mainly due to the fact that "keeping up " appearances" is the first, last and only principle of Chinese politics. Pekin itself is a widely straggling, shrivelling metro- polis, built of mud, in which street mak- ing, pavements, drainage or sanitation are utterly unknown. But when the Emperor enters or leaves the Palace he travels without suspicion by a pattern route, ex- pressly cleansed and prepared for the tem- porary occasion, just as the roads to Jeru- salem were patched up for the Kaiser by the Sultan. Municipal appearances are kept up once in a way, and that is all. The country is treated like the capital. There are immense deposits of coal, but they remain untouched. The only railways are those forced upon the nation and built by foreigners, and where they end civilisa- tion ends, for only the rudest means of transit exist beyond them. The imposing fortifications of Pekin and the great wall itself are mere Shams, though immense sums are supposed to be spent in repairing them. Everywhere roads, bridges and canals are in ruins ; while the money required for them is lavished upon court fetes. A river's course has been diverted, to the ruin of thousands of peasants, in order to extend the gardens of an imperial palace. The boasted system of education is another Sham, whose effect is to cramp and enfeeble the minds of the scholars, just as an imbecile custom cramps and enfeebles the feet of the women. In every direction there is a retrogression towards even a lower stage than that at which the race were sought to be permanently con- gealed many generations ago. China is to-day in a condition of decadence far more serious than that of the Turkish Empire. It is a perception of this fact which has led to the gathering of the Eagles together over Russian, German and French forces eager to divide the prey. The central Government at Pekin is, like other Eastern despotisms, an affair of the Palace and the Harem. The Emperor, a mere puppet, enjoys in the abstract absolute power. As the Son of Heaven, his authority includes the invisible, as well as the visible, world, and in the Im- perial gazette he deifies and promotes the spirits of the dead to higher titular rank at his pleasure. He accords them the honors of worship or degrades and debases them accordingly as they appear to have been propitious to the localities or inter- ests over which they are assumed to mount guard. As a fact, the occupant of the throne is always dependent upon his Ministers. He has no means of informa- tion as to the condition of his own king- dom or its relation to other States except through them. The actual authority is wielded by a gigantic bureaucracy bound together by common interests, and holding every position of influence throughout the whole Empire. Ostensibly all offices are open to the poorest, and are filled by those proved to be the ablest. But as ability is measured by the capacity to pass an examination which, like our matricula- tion, is a mere test of memory, those who win the executive control of the Empire are simply those most capable of learning by rote. The test is physically severe, since it lasts three days continuously, but requires nothing beyond verbal accuracy. The knowledge so pain- fully committed to memory is worth less for all practical purposes. It consists either in abstract maxims or rhetorical flowers of speech culled from classics more than 2000 years old, or from commentaries upon them. A few excep- tions have been made to keep up appear- ances, but the old standard still rules. No wonder the nation is "utterly effete." Memorising makes the Mandarins, and the Mandarins are masters of China, its army, its navy, its judiciary and its whole administration. Competitive examinations are theoreti- cally the one means of advance, but in fact the rich find a much easier way to this and all their other ends. Corruption reigns in every quarter. Candidates with wealthy relatives are improperly passed by corrupt examiners, and are then able to purchase the posts which they desire over the heads of all other competitors. Everything is for sale. A poor youth of exceptional talent can be financed by a' syndicate upon his undertaking to share with them the spoils of office when he attains it. Of course, offices which are bought are not acquired for the salary attached to them, but for the possibilities of plunder which they present. A local Governorship worth £900 a year and tenable for three years, lately fetched £30,000. The one road to wealth is through the public service, which exists to enable the public servants to pil- lage the unprotected masses. No wonder that in 1897 14,000 candidates competed for 150 vacancies, a greater rush than for our Police or Railway service. From Li Hung Chang, the millionaire, down to the meanest of his minor subordinates, who hopes to become equally rich by following in his footsteps, everything has its price, from a favorable verdict in a minor court up to a grave concession to a hostile State. The navy, consisting of ships made abroad, was fairly well pro- vided when it fought at the Yalu, but the army, which figured in the annual budget for great sums spent upon modern equipments, marched to Corea with bows and arrows. The most conclusive evidence of the character of the people is furnished by the one great revenue producing depart ment, the Customs, presided over by Sir R. Hart, in which there is not a single Chi- nese trusted to receive a coin or exercising an authority which would make it worth anyone's while to bribe him. With the whole of its administration at once incurably corrupt and utterly in- capable, the future of China may well appear hopeless. Hopeless it probably is. Anxious as Great Britain has been to avoid the partition of the empire, it is hard to see how anything short of a revo- lution can be effective, or how it can be accomplished until all departments are, like the Customs, placed under Caucasian control. The people seem beyond reform. Frugal, patient and industrious, they are at the same time ignorant, bigoted and fossilised in formalism. Even when living with Europeans abroad they remain parasites, ant never become partners in our civilisation. At home they are so stereotyped in thought, habit and life that unless the mould be broken there, is no prospect of their advance. Who among them can break it ? What is to be hoped from Man- darins whose one ambition is to write all the 60,000 written characters of their language, out of which it is the height of taste to select those that are least known ? What is to be hoped from this " educated" class when a year ago one of the highest functionaries of the State denounced the construction of rail- roads because they would disturb the dead in their cemeteries, and suggested as an alternative active research for the purpose of rediscovering the flying cars drawn by the phœnix described in their sacred legends? What is to be hoped from the Tsung-li-Yamen, the Executive Council of the Empire, in which another member objected to railway excavations because they might injure the invisible dragons in the subsoil who were guardians of their towns ? What is to be hoped from a government which lately announced in its official gazette a revolt in a distant province, and its triumphant sup- pression by the heroism of the imperial troops, not forgetting to add carefully exact accounts of the expenses of the ex- pedition and of the rewards to the victors, when as a fact there had been no revolt, no expedition, no victory and no expense except in preparing the lying intelligence? Apparently nothing is to be hoped for China until the Chinese are taught the elements of self- government under rulers of another race. There will be nothing new in this. Like the Egyptians, they are accustomed to foreign masters. The Tartar dynasty after a prolonged trial has proved " utterly effete." Europeans are now about to take their turn. 