AB ERICAN MIAIL NEWIS. FAMOUS LOST GOLD MINE! RE DISCOVERED. CANCER ANI) SCARLET FEVER MICROBES DISCOVERED. BELGIAN ANTARCTIC EXPEDITION. THE POPE'S TWENTY-FIRST ANNI VERSARY. RUMOUR ABOUT EMPEROR WIL LIAM'S BROTHER. The Mariposa, from San Francisco, brought files of American newspapers to April 19, from which the following items of American and European in formation are extracted: An attempt has been made to assas sinate the Czar's aid-de-camp, General Mauzoy.. He was stabbed in the throat by a servant, but the would-be assassin was overpowered. The general's wounds are not serious. It was learned just before the depar ture of the Rio de JanBiro from Hono lulu on April 5 for San Francisco that the Queen Dowager Kapiolani was seriously ill. She had another stroke of apoplexy about a week since, and, in place of becoming better, she failed from day to day. Not even her most intimate friends were allowed to see her. Prince Cupid Kalanianole re turned from Kona in the steamer Mauna Loa yesterday, having been summoned to hasten to the beside of his aunt. The physicians are hope ful, but the case isa desperate one. The famous lost gold mine known as El Diente, in Texas, which produced over 2,000,000dol. worth of ore in the early part of this century, has been re discovered by C. W. Hess, a merchant of Boquillas, Texas. The old Spanish record of this mine was found in the archives of the State of Coahuila, Mexico, at Saltilo, a short distance south of Marrion, on the Southern Pacific railway, by Mr. Hess recently, and it was by means of this document that he located' the mine in the Chihos Mountains of Tad. Indians massacred all the workmen at the mine in 1814, and although many expeditions searched for it since then not one was successful. "Rajah," a mammoth elephant owned by Lemon Brothers' Circus Company, which has been wintering in Argentine, Kansas, killed its keeper, Frank Fisher, on April 9. Fisher had returned to the tent intoxicated, and tried to make the different animals perform. Coming to the elephant he ordered it to 6pen its mouth. Becoming enraged, Rajah crushed Fisher's arm, and, throwing him to the ground, made repeated efforts to pierce the prostrate trainer's body with his tusks. Unable to reach" him, Rajah finally knelt upon Fisher, crushing his life out before assistance could arrive. Fisher was 28 years of age, and his home was in Montreal, Canada. He is said to be Rajah's ninth victim. A miner has reached Dyea, Alasl;a, who claims to be the survivor of a party of three, two of whom were mur dered by Chilkat Indians near the village of Klukwan. According to his story they were defacing a totem pole by cutting their initials on it, and were surprised by a large party of Indians, who shot at them, killing his two com panions. He escaped by running into the brush. The men killed were Sid ney Vance, an Englishman, and Charles Ericksen, a Swede. "Dr. Bra," says the Paris correspon dent of the "San Francisco Call," "whose discovery in regard to the can cer microbe I cabled on April 9, in an interview confirms the statement that he has succeeded in isolating the para site which is invariably present in can cerous growths. It is.a fungoid of the ascomycetes family, and certainly the active agent of cancer. Inoculations of animals with a cultivation produced cancerous tumours, from which the parasite was again isolated. With the modesty of the true scientist Dr. Bra declines to hold out premature hopes for a curative treatment for cancer. So far he has only made insufficient clini cal experiments, but he admits that these are very encouraging, and says he will be able to speak with certainty in a few months." The St. Petersburg correspondent of the "Daily Telegraph" says:-A very serious situation, which has recently developed in the province of Kassan, in South-eastern Russia, a territory inhabited principally by Tartars, is likely to result in a general uprising. Famine and typhus, that have long been devasting the Volga territory, created such terrible havoc in that pro vince that the Government was com pelled to send aid, food, and Red Cross sanitary agents. Unfortunately,rumours were circulated with the assistance of fanatical priests that the representa tives of that Government really wanted to convert the Mohammedans. A genuine religious panic ensued, and the Government's agents everywhere met with a hostile reception, being stoned and otherwise maltreated, so that it became impossible to distribute the aid sent. The Government is now en deavouring to reassure the misguided Tartars. In acknowledgment of the good offices of the French Government in bringing about peace, the President has written the following letter:-"Department of State, Washington, April 12-His Ex cellency, Emile Loubet, President of the French Republic, Paris-On this auspicious occasion of the consumma tion of peace between the United States and Spain, I beg in the name of this Government and people, and in my own, to express my high appreciation of the part filled by the representative of France in promotion of this happy result. In this kindly ollice so per formed my countrymen will see another link in the amity that joins the two nations.-(Signed) William M'Kinley." M. Louillier, who was private sec retary to the late Lieutenant-Colonel Henry, who committeed suicide at Mont Valerien Fortress last August after con fessing to having forged a letter largely instrumental in delaying the Dreyfus revision, killed himself on April 10. Louillier was a retired sergeant-major of artillery, and had been in ill-health. After Henry's suicide he lived at Saint Quentin, in Isna, where he committed suicide on receipt of a telegram sum moning him to Paris in connection with the Dreyfus case. There was a bomb explosion at Puy Citadel, Brussels, on April 7, and it was at first thought it was due to crime, but it proved to have been caused by the accidental bursting of a shell while a lieutenant was teaching 10 soldiers how to load a cannon. The violence of the shock hurled the 11 men some distance. Two were killed on the spot, two othersbeing in a hopeless condition. The others, including the lieutenant, were seriously wounded. The ground on which the barracks stand partially collapsed. An evening paper suggests that they lay before the disarmament conference statistics of the Toulon, Bourges, Puy, and similar disasters, showing that even in peace time the present perfected weapons are self-de stroying for all nations. A special cable to the "Call" and the "New York Herald" from Monte Video on April 7 says:-The British steamer Oravia brings a report from the Belgian Antarctic expedition. The expedition sailed from Punta Arenas on December 14, 1897, and first explored Hughes Bay. Captain de Gerlache having noted the great discrepancy between the British and German Admiralty maps resolved to study the whole coast thoroughly. He advanced to the 64th degree, anil ,afterwards sailed toward the island of Peter I., but a mighty iceberg obliged the expedition to change its direction and sail south- east. It passed the win ter of 1898 amid a pack of ice at 71. degrees 36 minutes latitude south. The explorers made many excursions in Grahamland and gathered valuable col lections. Letters received at Punta Arenas announce that a German called Dryarsky is preparing a new expedi tion. Dr. Class, of the Chicago Medical So ciety, has discovered the germ of scar let fever after months of patient re search, and his fellow physicians who have investigated his discovery are highly elated, as they believe now they will be able to cope with the dread disease, which for a year past has raged in the most virulent form in. that city and throughout the Middle West.. In discussing the discovery Dr. Class says: -"Scarlet fever, being a typical con tagious disease, having a period of in cubation, it is in acoordance with the views of modern medicine to consider its causative factor. Because of the failure of various careful scientists who took up the work to find the specific germ, either in scales or in the secre tion from the throats of scarlet fever patients, I deduced that the fault lay with the culture media employed, as it it a well-known fact some germs are very secretive in this respect. Keep ing this point in mind, a number of ex periments were made with different media, including agar-agar, glycerin agar-agar, gelatine, blood seruin, bouil lon, potatoes, milk, etc. After numer ous failures, I finally succeeded in find ing a culture medium on which I have been able, almost invariably, to obtain both from the scales as well as from secretions of the throats of scarlet fever patients the growth of an organism which presents such characteristic fea tures, bo1th in its morphology as well as growth, that I have little hesitancy in stating that in my estimation it is a specific germ of scarlet fever." A telegram from Victoria, B.C., to the "San Francisco Call," on April 14, says: -"According to the 'Pekin and Tient sin Times,' copies of which were re ceived here by the steamer Glenogle, it is generally believed among the foreign element at Pekin that' the seizure of Kiao-chou in November, 1897, by Germany, was a first step towards the realisation of a scheme of Kaiser Wilhelm to place a German King on Chinese soil. Prince Henry, the Em peror's brother, who is in the Orient in charge of the German Asiatic squad ron, it is believed, will be the King, and the Chinese province of Shantung his kingdom. The occupation of the inte rior of the province, it is pointed out, is a direct move towards the establish ment of German sovereignty over the whole of the 65,000 square miles of Shantung, instead of the 400 square miles around Kiao-chou, which was gouged out of the Chinese domain by Admiral Von Diederichs after the na tive mob had killed Missionaries Neise, Hennie, and Zeigler." A special cable to the "Call" from Rome on April 16 says:-"The celebra tion of the twenty-first anniversary of the Pope's coronation took place to day at St. Peter's. The procession passed up between a double line of troops around the high altar to the throne, on which the Pope sat, with the sacred college in front of him. On the right and left when his Holiness appeared, carried on a sedia gestatoria, there were cries of 'Long live the Pope and King,' and cheers, mingled with the martial music, went up through the vast edifice, recheering with a mighty roar of thousands of voices. It was a grand and impressive sight, a magnifi cent note of colour being contributed by the nobles' guard in gala uniform, and canons, bishops, archbishops, and cardinals in their robes. While mass was being said the bells all over Rome were rung. The Pope looked restored to his ordinary health, showing great vigour in expression and movement as he gave his blessing to the multitude." The Rome correspondent of the "Daily News" thus describes the Pope's appearance:-"The golden chair came into view as if floating toward the altar with the Pope sitting like a pale shadow, like a ghost, many whispered, when his face, overshadowed by the glittering triple crown, became discern ible. His dark eyes peered from their deep sockets, his hands trembled visibly, and a sad smile played on his colourless lips. Holbein might have painted him as the personification of the vanity of human splendour. With his left hand he waved sad greetings, while with his right he did his feeble best to mark the act of blessing." To' the average eye not more than 5000 stars are visible; some persons having extraordinary strong eyes can see about 8000 stars. Through the Lick telescope and other powerful in struments about 50,000,000 stars are visible. There are believed to be stars in existence beyond the reach of any telescope yet constructed. A method has lately been invented of converting sawdust :nto smelting gases, something after the manner in which acetyline gas is manufactured. It is expected to revolutionise the iron. making industry. Too little blood in the brain is a frequent cause of headache, and may be recognised by the ache being on the top of the head, by constant dizziness, and' by noises in the ears. The best cure is a slight stimulant, such as strong iea or coffee or hot soup-any thing that will increase the circula tion. People who suffer with these headaches should always sleep with their heads low. The tube of a 12-in. gun, which is used in some warships, has 50 spiral grooves inside, which cause the shot to revolve at the rate of 75 times per second as it rushes through the air.: The oldest letter in the world is in the British Museum. Although writ-. ten over 30 centuries ago, the charac ters are still legible. It gives an interesting picture of life in Egypt dur ing the reign of Rameses II. One of the most remarkable instru ments on record has been recently completed, and actually measures one millionth part of a second. The in strument is necessarily very compli cated, but the vibrations of a very sen sitive tuning-fork form the basis of the measuring process. In certain conditions of the atmos phere electricity is so abundant on the top of one of the big volcanoes in Hawaii that an English geologist found that he could trace electric let ters with his fingers on his blanket. Brookville.-Residents can obtain "The ixaminer" from Propsting Bros. EAT JONES' IXL JAIMS.* 