Cbe Gap metropolis* "A. Woman" wrote to Melb. Age suggesting that. Janet Lady Clarke should start a Woman's Patriotic Fund for the girls .our boys in South Africa have left behind them. Lady Clarke was only too happy to oblige, and by return post sent a cheque to. the editor of the Age and a polite invitation to the public to meet her at Cliveden last Thursday afternoon. The Melbourne, widow, however, ignored the suggestion for a woman's collection, and is going to make it one for both sexes. Professor Morris presided at the Cliveden meeting. Janet Lady Clarke handed him a telegram from Lady Brassey, who donated £50. The new Commandant, Major-General Downes, and Mrs. Downes subscribe £5, Melb.; Stock Exchange a hundred guineas,, the same amount as The Argus proprietors. Police Magistrate Panton bad a word to say for Tommy Atkins, who "has left several things behind him" in England, but Professor Morris says Victorian soldiers' relatives have first claim to the fundi Mrs. Palmer sang before the business meeting commenced, and Mr. Joseph Gillott sang his recently composed music to the words of The Absent-minded Beggar. The hundred men and women who had assembled applauded the vocalist composer, who got a respectful hearing, as did Herr Flock's band. The meeting lasted about an hour, and by 4 o'clock Mr. Panton was at Flindersstreet catching a train to Brighton, while the Lady of Cliveden made ready to go down to' Frainkston in time for dinner. She is staying at that dull seaside township for Christmas, and announces that she can only have visitors on the relay system owing .to limited accommodation at her hired country seat. "Don't drink alcoholic stuff in hot weather," says Dr. Gresswell, the enemy of the smallpox microbe, which has vainly tried for many years to find a home in Victoria. Most business men drink tea and eat fruit in working hours', and if they must have whisky they generally wait until they go home to dinner, so that for the majority Dr. Gresswell's advice is unnecessary. His model man doesn't drink, is almost a vegetarian, smokes but little, and cycles less. By the time an average man had cured himself of the vices of drinking, smoking, and cycling he ought to be too perfect for living on this planet, but there is little to fear that Melb. men will abandon all these habits. There is a vegetarian cafe in the city, where the men customers are pale, tired persons, who sit at table with their hats on. Vegetarianism and baldness are evidently cause and effect. Smcking is becoming quite a feminine vicei in the Gay Metrop. One literary woman is said to smoke a hundred cigarettes every seven days—a fair record for a man. Photo, by Humphrey, Melb, Society Leader. Lady O'Loghlen. Melb Photo, by Humphrey. Melbourne. Melb* Financial Magnate. Mr, G. T* Baker, Melb. Manager Union Bank. Mr. G. T. Baker, the Melb. manager of the Union Bank. He came from the Bank of Scotland, Aberdeen, and joined the Australian staff of the Union in 1864. He has been the Melb. manager since 1894. "Politeness of railway porters is remarkable,' and no one seems to know why, unless the unsettled state of parties in the Legislative Assembly is responsible, and these haughty menials don't know who is to be-their next boss-in-chief. The average railway porter's Christmas time is not a happy one. He is the prey of nervous passengers, who arrive an- hour too early for their trains, and camp on their luggage which is deposited in the centre of .a busy platform. T'hey ask each passing porter questions about the train, and by the time it is ready to start the unfortunate men in the railways uniform are fit for a lunatic asylum. Last week Spencer-street looked like an orphan asylum, for hundreds of mothers' darlings were leaving town for their holidays. Hans Irvine, of the Great Western Vineyard, near Stawell, Vic., is a cousin of Sir George White. Both are Boman Catholics. Kitchener of Khartoum is a Kerry man, and Lord Koberts is Anglo- Indian of Irish parentage. As a Melb. man says of these three soldiers, and their commands, "Nothing is too good for the Irish." Maggie Moore used to sing the Bame sentiment. Sir George White is, according to an English society paper, almost the knightiest of Britishers. He is G.C.B., a K.C.B., a G.C.I.E., and a G.C.S.I. His only rivals are Lords Wolseley, Roberts, Lansdowne, and Dufferin. The latter and Lord Roberts have each five knighthoods, but amongst commoners Sir George White heads the list with four knighthoods. Lady Madden succeeds Lady Brassey as President of the Victorian society for the Prevention of Cruelty to and Neglect of Children. It was founded by Lady Brassey, who is a member of the society in England. The institution is an excellent one, but its length of title is marvellous. Locally it is shortened to "Cruelty to Children Society," for Melb. folk are a busy lot, whose time is valuable. The departure of His Excellency and Lady Brassey is apparently not going to be as exciting as Our Boys' departure for South Africa. His Excellency is slightly eccentric in his method of leaving us for ever. The Yarra near Flinders-street is decidedly malodorus, and is a sort of canine cemetery. Vet His Excellency has arranged to enter or "embark" in a pulling boat about opposite to Ball & Welch's new place in Flinders-street, and row down to Queen's Whairf to the Sunbeam. Lady Brassey sails to the Heads in the historic yacht, and then leaves it and goes by mailboat to Westralia. Her ladyship is not so good a ^sailor as the first wife of 'llis Excellency ; hence her anxiety to dodge the heaving billows from the unsatisfactory position of the Sunbeam's deck. Hinted that clever, diplomatic Lord Richard Neville stays in Australia in "the hope of getting a good official position under the Federal Government. Lord \- Richard has the cleverness of a conjurer . throwing raw eggs into a top hat without • damaging it, and all'his Melb/friends, who are as many as the flowers of spring, sincerely hope he will have the exalted and high salaried position of 1 private secretary to the first Australian Governor- ; General, which his name will no doubt be .—Earl of Hopetouu. National Gallery travelling scholarship again awarded to a male student, and for the fifth time, Mr. G. Meldrum being the Vueky youth, who will receive <£150 per annum for three years, and goes to Europe for study. "Good News" was the chosen subject, and there were" eight competitors, two J^ing girl students. "Breaking the' News" ^^'''jbhe/^ubjeot for the first travelling scholarship competition won by Longstaff. By a strange coincidence his subject was a mining fatality, and about the same time a mining disaster had occurred near Ballarat. The subject appealed to public sentiment, and Longstaff's picture, published in colors by an enterprising newspaper, was circulated throughout Australia. Longstaff's weird painting, r "The Sirens," hangs in the National Gallery, a proof of his claim to fame as an Australian painter. Blamire Young, the poster-artist, has donated <£20 to the Patriotic Fund. One of his latest pictures was a cleverly sketched interior. The wallpaper was designed in conventionalised kangaroos. The national animal has not been modelled in this way before, and makes a splendid subject. It is a pity the idea had not been seized by a countryman of the kangaroo, but now. that Blamire Young has shown how decorative an animal it can become artists should improve on his clever idea. Lieutenant Cecil, aide de camp to Lord Brassey, left by the Austral for London, and will then go on 'active service in South Africa. He is a nephew of Lord Salisbury, a quiet, modest youth, who has made many friends in .Melbourne. At time of writing the Alexandra spiders in their webs were scared at the Theatre was a very busy' place, and the unusual activity, for of late years this theatre has been a quiet, peaceful haunt for spiders and mice. For the holidays the Victorian Operatic Society have essayed Planquette's masterpiece, Les Cloches de Corneville, in which there is a miser who frightens the villagers with ghosts, and in the intervals counts out his stage sovereigns. Grenicheux, the tenor (Mr. James Wade) sings melodiously in a fetching fisher's costume. Miss Ray Jones is Germaine, the leading soprano, and gets most of the applause. Serpolette —another nice villagegirl, is to be played alternately by Miss Kate Hardiman and Miss Julia Kennedy. There is a "lot of nice girls as village gossipers, including pretty Mabel Jelfs. Mr. Wm. Ogilvie, hon. secretary of the show, plays Gobo, an eccentric clerk, cleverly, and looks like a sprite dipped in ink. Mr. E. H. Hanstein, a well-known Melb musician, is the conductor, and does his work well. Sir John Madden is patron of the show, and the society's friends think it will be a success. George Leopold, an old Melb. favorite comedian, plays Gaspard, the miser, and appears after a long retirement from the stage. Last summer two wheelwomen rode from Bright to the foot of Mount Buffalo, and disdaining the services of a guide for <£1 per day, ascended without assistance, lunched ait the Hospice on cold mutton and sardines, did the views, and returned to the foot of the Buffalo at 7 p.m. The mountain path is about a foot wide for the whole six miles, leading around precipices hundreds of feet in depth. Altogether the two cyclistes walked twelve miles that day. If all visitors were such good pedestrians the guide^s occupation would be gone. The average Melb. visitor rides on horseback, and is glad to be roped on at steep pinches. Women usually stay all night at the Hospice. The-Hon. W. Watt, the' new Postmafiter- : General, is -member for that most democratic city, North Melb. The majority-of h^s constituents, are railway men. Mr. W-att is a prominent member of the Young. Australia party, and between thirty and thirty-five years of age. At . least, he does not look older. He resembles Ben Tillet, though much darker-complexioned. Like the ex- Attorney-General, Hoil. Isaac Isalacs, Mr. Watt is a strict teetotaller, but 1 he smokes like a train' chimney. He has 'a very large number of private friends, mostly young men, who meet afc his-'house and hold impromptu debates. Indeed, A.N.A. members would be perfectly : wretched if they did anything else. Hie prediction that Mr. Watt as a politician would rapidly come to the front has been: realised sooner than his greatest admirers expected. Although a young man, the new Postmaster-General has had much, domestic*sorrow. His. courtesy to womankind and utter.'absence of "side" make him very^^puiar with the sex'that does not. vote;,; + ._Mr. Watt is an ardent advocate of women suffrage. .When the law allows women to. vote' for Vic. Parliamentary .elections Mr> Watt may' count his seat safe for lifeili •' Photo, bp Humphrey, . • Melbourne. Mrs. Harold Kent, A Melb. Society Leader. 