IAKIN6 SPIRITS BY X HAYS. iSpooks — Not the Other Sort. -.A new and decidedly Ingenious application of the famous, discovery of Professor Rontgen —the X rays — has' been devised by a French man with ; thoughts directed to . the spirit world, says a recent , wi'ltfer. So far, 'these almost magic rays have been used almost exclusively in medicine and sur gery; but with. the Inevitable utilisation: of every scientific discovery for the purposes of fraud, it is not., a pessimistic view., to expect that . before lorig'. thO ic'jri will be ,anriotince,d tiy. those unscrupulous Indlvldulos who prey upon the ' credulity of the 'weakminded, but with no, special power, cnd endeavour to im press them with the fact that they can not oiily. "call spirits. 'r'om the vasty deep," but make thetfi come.' At. this Parisian spiritualistic seance all'tho regular manifestations, of thp more orthodox anil avowed methods, .of .spirit intercourse were observed. As soon as the guests ha'd arrived .the lights were turned out, and the room' presented the regular appearance of such occasions, the only noticeable feature being a large number of vases and bits of artlBtic glass. ' In the corner, however, there was via apparatus about as large as a magic lantern, Which was covered over with a black cloth." As sopii as the room was dark a hand of gigantic , proportions, and phosphorescent colour passed qver the heads of the company. Naturally It produced some consternation, but the demonstrator of this modern miracle reassured.hls. guests, in a manner directly op posed to the ordinary spiritualistic medium by the statement that it was only the hand of a ghost, and" that no "spirits Was about." Immediately a number of luminous violins — for musical instruments seem Inseparable from spiritualistic seances— made their ap pearance, and flew about in all directions. As soon as, they, disappeared a globe descended from the celling like a huge ball of phos phorus, and swayed silently from side to side, like the pendulum of a clock. ' Then a luminous bell appeared in front of the globe, and bowed regularly to it. -Im mediately, all the glass which had been no ticed seemed to be alive with flame, and the artistic glassware and cups on the tables- be came masses of light. Indeed,, 'the whole room, which a moment before had been dark, was ablaze on all sides with the soft, bluish, mysterious phos phorescent glow which Is so uncanny' when spirits arc! about. The mysteries did not end here, for gradu ally a huirian form appeared. At flrsf-it was vague and vaporous in Its outlines; but It gradually became' firmer and more marked, until the form of q tall woman was manifest in the djirkness, Her. face was greenish in hue, and it became horrible by reason of the fact -that where tho ghost eyes should have gleamed there were only two black sightless holes. Her very hair seemed made of phos phorescent fire, and in the long robes In which the figure was enveloped sparks, which shone like diamonds, gleamed and glistened'. Presently the figure raised its right arm, and from h.er liajid threw flames about. The silence was broken by the beating ot a gong, and at the sound, which was indeed the signal for the turning up of the lights and for the spirit. to retire to. another world, — probably its dressing-room— the seance closed. How was it done? It is a well-known fact that the Rontgen rays make fluorescent substances shine with a phosphorescent glow, especially anything covered with cyanide of platinum. It Is also well known that, according to the researches of a well-known maker of scienti fic apparatus, articles made of glass and crystal shine with remarkable brilliancy un der the Influence of the X rays, while every thing else remains dark. The same phosphorescent effect Is obtained by the X raj's with diamonds, porcelain, &c;„ By covering the machine producing the rays with black cloth nobody sees it, and, there fore, nobody suspects Its presence; iut the magic rays pass through the cloth, and light up the glass vessels and nothing else; there fore a glass held in- the hand and moved up and down, or from side to side, can be dis tinctly seen while the hand remains invisible. The explanation of these tricks, with this knowledge, is now simple. The violins were made of glass, and' so were the hand arid hell. They, therefore, became visible in the X rays, while the assistants who moved them about remained as invisible as if they- had been in deed spirits from another world. The ghostly woman was a most material lady of flesh and blood. She was concealed behind some' drapery, and was enveloped in a veil, which .was covered with a fluorescent substance, while her face and hair were also covered with this- material. When the - X rays were turned on her they pierced the draperies, and lighted her up in tne strange manner in which she appeared to the eyes of the startled guests. As it was impossible to coat her eyes as her face and her dress 1 had been, they did not show up, but appeared merely as two great holes, /and her awful ap pearance was thus obtained by- the simplest and most absurdly easy method. 