RITUALISM. MORE FACTS AND FIGURES. (To the Editor.) Sir,—Since the appearance of my letter on Monday last I have been inun- dated with books and papers, mostly from people unknown to myself. This shows the keenness of the interest many of our citizens are taking in the questions be- fore them, and how they appreciate the "Miner" opening its columns for this dis- cussion. To resume my criticism of "An Anglican Layman's" letter, I will here acknowledge that I unwittingly fell into a slip of memory, when making an entirely off-hand address by the way of a vote of thanks, at the close of the lecture on Luther. i was evidently in error when I quoted from memory, 16,000 as being the number of English clergymen in "Secret Societies," I used the plural and not the singular number. I recall this one point only. The evil is great enough, God knows, without anyone even by an acci- dent making it larger. I was mixing up the membership of the English Church Union with the more secret soci- eties within the Church. English papers in my possession give the membership of the English Church Union, a society pledged as it is to support the use of vestments, altar lights, incense wafer bread, the eastward position, and mixed Chalice, in the Anglican Church, as about 25,000, of whom over 4,000 are clergy (32 of these being Bishops) the rest being of the laity. With this one exception, I am prepared to stand by all I said in my off- hand address, which has fortunately or unfortunately opened this discussion. I again assert that there are many societies, more or less secret in the Anglican Church that are subversive of Protestantism, that certain of the clergy being doubtful on the question of their ordination have soupht and submitted to reordination at the hands of others, while remaining in the Anglican Communion. I stand by these assertions. Two responsible "Press Commissioners" belonging to the "Belfast Weekly Telegraph," in a long report on the strength of Ritualism, affirm that there exists within the Church an order called "The Order of Corporate Re-union," a body courting the strictest privacy. It is governed by "bishops" who are clergymen of the Church of England de- riving their "orders"' from an unknown source, and who secretly "re-ordain" other clergymen of the Church of England, while yet retaining their benefices within the Established Church. The report of the "Commissioners" reveals the fact that there are about 7,000 Romanising Ritual- ists who openly teach and practice Ro- manism in over 8,000 Churches. I call attention to the word "openly." "7,000 openly." And it is impossible to tell how many more are doing these things secret- ly. We know from experience even in this colony that where Low Church laity predominate the Ritualists dare not pro- claim themselves—so they talk "Low Church" while they most heartily be- lieve in. "High Church." In passing I think if Protestant churchmen would take pains to study the Clerical Pedigree of the young gentlemen whom their ab- sentee Bishop has selected and is select- ing for the work in North Queensland, they might make a few interesting dis- coveries. They will not need at any rate to go a 100 miles from here to find some- thing pretty "High." It is asserted in the letter I am dealing with that the rea- son why the Chnrch clergymen do not fraternise with Nonconformists is the a- buse they meet with from the latter. Now the compilers of that document know bet- ter—they know the reason isdeeper than this. The reason is doctrinal. It is based on an assumption, on a delusion—the de- lusion of "Apostolic Succession." In a lecture on "The Continuity of the Holy Catholic Church in England," the Rev A. J. Micklethwaite, vicar of St. Luke's, Cambridge, says, among other marvellous things, the following:—"And take the thought of, perhaps, those of the best Dissenters of the present day—I mean the great body of the Wesleyans. Those who study their tenets will be aware that though sound in the administration of Baptism, yet how unsound they now are on the question of the administration of other sacraments; that their ministers, so called, are not duly ordained, have not received the gift of the Holy Ghost, and, therefore, cannot administer holy things." Now this dogma, this figment of "Apos- telic Succession," lies at the root of Angli- can aloofness from the other churches. How can High Churchmen and Romanis- ing Ritualists, meet us "outsiders," while they allow themselves to be the victims of such a delusive theory of "Orders." If there were any truth in the dogma, I should certainly say the Roman Church has the best of the argument, and the conduct of many Anglican priests shows that they recognise the strength of the Papal claims. This is the contention of the Roman Church historians, when they deal with what they are phased to call "The Anglican Schism," which they con- tend was brought about through the Pope refusing to sanction an adulterous mar- riage on the part of Henry VIII. I only mention this, I do not affirm or deny here the justness of their view. It is no imme- mediate concern of mine, seeing that my view of "Holy Orders," as far as my own position as a Christian minister goes, does not necessitate me to worry over a question like that. I hope in my next letters to furnish a number of interesting statistics, and to show what Ritualists teach the young.—Yours, etc., W. SMITH. (To the Editor.) Sir,—I write to refer to Prairie bore, and your remarks and Mr Pearce's thereon. I write because the public, or the Board—lacking information—might be disposed to give more attention to Mr Pearce's correspondence and to himself, than either deserve. All hereabout were pleased to note Mr. Deane's defence of Wootten. He has run the bore for two years, and no trouble has arisen. Mr Pearce was formerly employed by the Hydraulic Engineer, and drove the Pra- irie bore in 1897, when so many stock perished here for want of water. Mr Pearce was about when the Dalrym- ple Board took over the bore, and gave Wootten charge of it. No one here doubts Mr Pearce's knowledge of bores, or of the weak spots in an engine, and particularly, the Prairie engine, and hence a feeling of relief pervaded this camp when Mr Pearce went away. Because, so very much al- ways depends on the pump being kept going. Even now if the pump stopped, everyone most clear, at once. If a fish plate or any other piece of iron got down the hole, for instance, or if any vital part of the engine was injured by acci- dent, of course, it means disaster to Prairie, and to travelling stock. Prairie engine house is not man-proof. (It was designed by the Hydraulic Engineer). During June and July 122,000 travelling sheep and 1450 bullocks got satisfactory water at Prairie bore, besides local stock.—Yours, etc., W. H. F. Prairie, 29th July. 