As the time draws nigh for the holding of the Czar's Peace Conference, tlio project becomes more and more enveloped in a pessimistic atmosphere. Months ago the British- Prime Minister let it be seen that he expected very little out of it, as com pared with the glowing anticipations of the Czar. Lord Salisbury said: — "X "shall myself be satisfied if the re- "sults of this Conference, and of "these negotiations, are capable of ful- "filling a somewhat humbler aim." And now we are told by the Vienna corres pondent of the London "Times" that Aus trian diplomats fear, not merely what the reviewers write of as a "generous failure," but they anticipate that the breakdown may have "untoward results." What they apprehend is that ugly questions will crop up that will not be easily put down again. They are dominated by the proverbial wis dom which teaches the expediency of let ting sleeping dogs lie. Unquiet spirits may be summoned from the vasty deep, and come all too readily. Ghosts rose squeaking and gibbering in the streets of Rome, and they are just as likely to walk, and, even dance, in this Peace Confer ence. ' , That is- what the, anxious Continental- \- statesman appears to dread; and it is pos sibly what causes Lord Salisbury to pilch his hopes so low. There are said in some quarters to be four causes of first rate importance, which are always making for a burst up of the European powder maga zine. The first of these, or, any rate, the most stubbornly chronic, is the eternal tendency of Russia to interfere in the Balkan provinces to the prejudice of Aus trian interests. The second is the clashing of French and British interests in Africa. The third is the acknowledged policy ot France, constantly directed to the recovery > of- Alsace-Lorraine; to this end she has forced the pace in all military and naval armaments, and produced the very crisis which the Czar's Rescript is intended to remove. The fourth standing difficulty is the Papal "non possumus" to any peace with Italy so long as the Temporal Sove reignty of the Pope remains unrestored. The very reason why Italy refuses to meet a Papal delegate at the Conference , is because of the danger that this, amongst other tilings, may be raisod as an inter national question. They who fear that subjects such as these cannot be discussed without embroilment look forward to the meeting at the Hague with vague antici pations of danger; and that is why the Austrian diplomatists, according to yes terday's cable message, believe that "the "utmost diplomatic skill will be needed in "order to bring the deliberations of the "Conference to a pcnceable conclusion." But then we are tolerably familiar with the class of mind which is for over shiver ing with apprehension about the possible consequences of every new suggestion. To these gentlemen it always seems that we are on the brink of a precipice, over which the world must be tumbled if it makes the smallest change in the existing balance of things. They will endure the most cruel and indefensible wrongs rather than risk the danger that arises from any un- settlement. They resemble, in a man ner, Oliver Wendell Holmes's opulent farmer, who hanged himself out of fear of coming to want through bad seasons. They acknowledge to the full the annu ally increasing millions which the military caste Jevies on all industrial society. They rccughiau lie frightful economic evils which flow from the workers of the world having to feed and equip from twelve to twenty millions of professional cut- tln-oats, while maintaining many of them in luxury and idleness. But the unseen possibilities which lie in any tampering with tilings as they are, are bogies too terrible to be voluntarily met. And thus it is, whether we like it or not, that the feeling grows in the Conservative circles of the Con tinent, that the Czar, by his Peace Re script, has stirred up dry bone3 which may spring up armed men. Any way, as the Conference draws near, tlrt' feeling of hope which quickened at first has largely died away, and international despondency lias taken its place. Then there is another feeling .not with out its potency in England. It is that Russia is but playing a game, not in the interests of the world, but in her own. She has, it is said, a supremo need of peace for twenty years, in order to assimilate and consolidate the immense territories which she 1ms acquired. Unlike Great Britain, which is a lending nation to the extent of some two thousand millions of invested capital, Russia is a rather needy borrower for the purposes of her internal development. Peace to her, if not abso lutely essential, is at least intensely to be desired. Her statesmen are far-sighted enough to discern that tho wars of the future will be less determined by the num- ber of bayonets which can be quickly con centrated than by the command of money that is to mnintnin them. In other words, gold, not steel, will be tho metal that will dominate in the military plans of the next century. Other things being equal, the longest purse will bo equivalent to what were known formerly as the "strongest "battalions." Now, it is argued, since Great Britain is admittedly the Croesus amongst nations, she really, as things are, stands as arbiter of peace and war to a large extent; and, as all her interests lean to a condition of stability, we have a greater guarantee for peace in the main tenance of the statu quo than in any vis ible alteration of it which seems possible. If b3r any ehauce a disastrous war were to break out, and Great Britain were to be involved in it, her financial resources would give her nn advantage over all pos sible enemies, seeing that the frightful ex penses of a modern campaign would cripple all but the most resourceful na tions in a few months. No country can now wnge a great war under a cost of a million pounds a day ; and where is the na'-'on, save Great Britain, which can en dure a financial drain of that character? The richest nations arc the conquering na tions; and the Kings and Kaisere know this so well that British gold is a perpetual sourco of British prestige. Indeed, it is argued by a writer in the "Contemporary "Review" that the war budgets of the Con tinent are in themselves declarations of war, only that the battle is boing fought with gold rather than with blood and iron. He thinks tho present state of tilings quite admirable, because it is a sort of guarantee against the other kind of war; and he puts it that it is "better to spend your sovc- "reigns than your sons." For these reasons, and reasons such as these, there are many people who have no particular desire to see any successful outcome to tho Czar's project; and tliere are more who would be glad to minimise it as much as possible. Tho British Pre mier puts it that, "if by extending the "use of the principle of arbitration wc aro "able to diminish tho number of causes "by which war can bo induced, and if by "humane and beneficent legislation we can "diminish tho horrors of that war when it "is waged, we shall, I think, have done for "our generation a t service of which the "whole value cannot bo appreciated at "once; but to which the future inliabit- "ants of the earth will look back with "gratitude." To this, Lord Salisbury veiy diplomatically added that, "if, as I hope, "in that more "distant time, peace is deve loped to a greater and more perfect end, "the peoples of the future will have cause "to bless the name of the Sovereign whose "imagination, and whose power and cou- "rage, have resulted in such a great mea- "sure." The world hears it stated now pretty often that there are worse things than war; and wo may be sure that mili tarism will not "give up its sway without a great straggle. The appearance of General Booth in the Town Hall, with the representative of the Queen in the chair, raises once more the question as to the secret of the success of the organisation he controls with un diminished energy, in spite of the weight of his seventy years. The problem has been attacked very frequently in the com paratively short period since the Salvation Army was first recognised as a new power in the social life of half a dozen nations; but no satisfactory solution has been reached. The astonishing fact remains :tliat at i tho end of a century wliieh has revolutionised the current ideas upon the origin and evolution of Man, the only in dividual whose spiritual influence can be compared with that of the head of 'the historic Church of Rome is the central figure of last night's meeting. The un known East London evangelist of thirty- three years ago now has unquestioned command of a world-wide organisation, numbering its members by hundreds of thousands, who obey him with unswerving loyalty, amounting almost to personal adoration. Ho controls property worth half a million of money, and has apparr cntly unlimited ability to raise funds from his followers and sympathisers. He deals with social difficulties that have been the despair of the wisest heads and stoutest hearts of a generation permeated with altruism. He has tho respectful attention of statesmen and the good wishes of crowned and uncrowned Kings. Of no other hierarcli, save the venerable occupant of the Vatican, can such things be said. Yet the Salvation General's sole equipment for the task to which ho addressed him self seems to have been a form of popular religion at variance with traditional hier archical institutions, in which the caste clement is tho keystone. One of the keen est brains and most brilliant pens of the century inveighed against "corybantie. "Christianity" on its emergence from ob scurity; but Professor. Huxley's onslaught was as impotent to stay its progress as were the sneers of tho orthodox Churches. At one point of the advance of the Army tho power of its appoal for help in its "social work" was threatened by the sus picion that the money subscribed to it for unsectorian charitable purposes was mis applied towards furthering its aims as a religious organisation. But an investiga tion by a committee of men with the high est reputations in the legal, financial and political world of England, effectually dis posed of this challenge. This crisis passed, the record of the Army has been one of unbroken triumph. The man who has, out of the most un promising materials, constructed such an organisation must have had remarkable administrative capacity. He must have had, further, a deep insight into human nature. The quusi-miiitary. system he lias founded is said to have developed from the accident that his original title of "General Secretary" was familiarly abbre viated into that of "the General." Its de velopment on so trivial a hint was a work of genius. The success of its appeal was due to the fact that the imagination is more vivid and more easily captured with the unthinking classes than with the apostles of culture. The Salvation Army, with its titles and promotions, its "knee- "drill" and "volleys" of Hallelujahs, has been said, by an epigrammatic French man, to be impossible except in a com munity devoid of a sense of humor. But "L'Armee de Salut" carries on its Holy War amongst the countrymen of Voltaire as well as in the nation of Bunyan, and en rols its brigades in every quarter of the globe. The jersey and poke bonnet may excite the derision of the frivolous, but, as a matter of fact, they contribute to the "esprit dc corps," which is the very life and soul of the Army. When the mili tary recruit dons his uniform, the honor of "the regiment" and of "tlie llag" are spells that transform the clod-hopper and the cockney into heroes. The same chord in human nature no doubt vibrates to the General's touch, and the strident hymns awake in his followers just such emotions as sent the Gordon Highlanders up the heights of Dargai to the skirl of the bag pipes. A Keble or a Newman might be repelled by the extravagances of a Salva tion service : but to the denizens of slum and alley they probably have all the sound, ' color and incident ,of a great spiritual melodrama. The hysterical "experiences" of tho converted, and the confessions at the "penitent form" at the Army hall, are as moving as tho fate of hero and heroine in one of Mr. Bland Holt's spectacular sensations. Beyond these attractions, there is no doubt that the genuine self-sacrifice of the Salvationists! lins deeply impressed the masses. In the ranks of tho Army they find a spirit of abnegation which, whatever its source, commands their re spect and devotion. Not only has this layman created a great religious upheaval, but he has grap pled with the problems of pauperism which have hitherto baffled Parliaments, with the practical sagacity of a heaven- born statesman. He takes the drunkard out of the gutter, the convict from the prison gate, the outcast from the streets, nnd, with the inspiration of genius, con verts them into self-respecting and self- supporting citizens. According to the figures which he gave last night, the Army has 92 rescue homes, through which it passes some 4G00 women yearly, and, after three years from the time of their leaving these refuges, no less than 70 per cent, of them aro found to bo leading a new life. General Booth claimed that his social institu tions in London cost £125,000 in 1897, of which only £5000 was supplied by the public, the remainder being provided by the labor of the inmates. For tho build ings in which these operations are con ducted £8000 were paid in rent and rates. The larger experiment of the farm at Had- leigh, near the mouth of the Thames, has cost £120,000; and its founder declared that next year the investment will pay all its expenses and 3 or 4 per cent, in- terest upon the outlay, though tho suc cess of the farm has been delayed by bad seasons and floods. Here 300 men are al ways learning to fit themselves for work elsewhere, and they are drafted away to other employments as their education is completed, to make room for other social derelicts. Tho 450 institutions of the Army, 53 of which are in Australia, com prise 13 farm colonics, 72 slum post3, 122 food and shelter depots, 13 children's homes and 34 labor bureaux, in addition to the homes of the Prison Brigade where the friendless criminal is given a chance of making a fresh start in life. It claims to have 14,000 officers devoted entirely to its work in 19 countries. The cosmopoli tan nature of its operations is shown by the fact that its 20 papers are printed in 17 different languages. The wide sympa thy for the social work of the Army was evidenced, as Lord Brassey pointed out, by the presence on its platform last night of representatives of all the sects, of many; professions and of every grade of society. These leading citizens, besides an audience crowding every corner of the Town Hall, were unanimous in doing honor to their guest, who, if Providence has not made him an apostle, would have been the very. Minister of Labor to whose Nativity we ore all looking forward to usher in the new industrial millennium. 