Bravest Of the Brave. By ELIZA A. DUPUY. CI[A'TERIl IX.-(Continued.) At a signl fron Miss Clvert the musicians struck into a march, anld, lenning on his young friend, Col. Cal ve~t led the w'ay across.the lawn, fol' lowed by the young girls. 'In the wide bhall a table, tastefully decorated with flo?ters, was spread, and over the twvo seats at tle upper end, several. flags were draped in long featoons held iln place by wreaths of wild rose. The effect-was very graceful, eand vlcWhen the bevy of young girls gathered around the board in tlheir white dresses :and gay ribbons, the scene resembled a llay-day festival. Light and joyous was the flbw of conversation, and Dora perforlued her duties as hostess with the ease of one long accustomed to the duties of her position. When supper was- over ,the party adjourned to the old-fashioned parlour, filled with heavily-caruved fur niture, and dulorned with old family pictures. As thle evening wore on, the services of the mInusicians were again called into requisition, and the imerzy group danc ed till midnight, a, playful struggle going on among thle gir'ls as to which one should have the Uolpour of leading oult the only beau aiiong them, and the roguish fun with which ]ludolph played the part assigned lim, contri buted no small share to the enjoyment of the hour. Dorp long remembered this evening as the-last slmparkle of her glad young lifce;: she shone brilliant in.animation and joyousness, for in ]ir heart was the fond belief that Rudolph loved her even as he was liimnself beloved. lNo whisper of his attachment to AlNma Decrvall hlad ever reached her ears, and in the years of . frequent inter course since he had become knoswn to them, lhis gentle dindness, his brother ly RSolicitude for her welfare, lhad com pletely misled -them impassioned girl as to his true senitiments toward her. Her love had been the growth of years, and aiow it was entwined with every holpe of the future, while lhe firmly held in his lheart the false one who was ready to betray him for ammother. Alas I this was but another illustra tion of the cross'purposes of life. We see indeed "through a glass darkly," and in our blinduess ]1' violent hands upon the irk of safety that might have borne ms trliunmphaftily over the tumIul tuous waves'of life. CHAPTER X. LOVE ME, OR I PERISh. Toward the close of thile evening, Dora, radinnt, triumphlnt, stood at tile head of the room holding a bluc scarf in her hand, on the ends of which a Inurel wrealth hid been embroidered by her dalinty fingers. With a gesture of imperial power she addressed Ru dolph: " I 'give you my colours, adorned withl the symbol of your ownl prowes?s. As the dames of old chose a champlion, I choose you tina my Knight, sans peur et sans .reproche. Brling bnck this trophy when the struggle that now convulses ,tlhe hind is ended, and claim your reward. To the successful victor nothllng cani be refused that lady fai.l lnny honourably grant." 'The last words were spoken almost in a whisper, but Iudolph distinctly beard them, and lie glanced quicldy to ward Dora to meet lher expressive gyes Sflled with tender light.' In that ano i?nlelt all was revealed, and lie shivered beneath the ishock-of this unexpected discovery. If, for a brief moment, hisl vanity was flattered, in the "next in= stant his true manly feeling conquered t'eh.emiotion, iaid dread, sorrow, and disiay fillied his heart. He measured all love biy his own heroic staudai'd. ; for ilitI, there was but one womnllll in \- the wide world,to whom hlie couild offer the devotlon, of his heart, ind lie feared tlllti DBor', was suleisently alkin to him Sin splirit to love but once, and tliOen w llthl all tihe hardened Impa\fisiveness of iier .naturei ."* . : .": Thle reiroachful t.houiight cine to lhn, that hi, should have confldided .his Sbetrothal to hei;, lad tli have gulllirti;d ed lier froim the clianice of milsplilaching her affections; bu't ]low could lie have imigined that such a guard was neccs icity to.tlhe proad dnaughter of a paItri illl' race .? IIe hnd niever, once ,drcar wedl lth Dorim ;Cailvert .would stloop td bestow her loy"e upobn tIe protdoger . of lerfas.ther, , . Tm hot blood rakhied to Jiudolphis barow ; ,Dorir sinw.the flush,' aid be hieoved It to be tlhe resliolse of htli. lct' to thi?e words she iihad.ttered. .o iiiiut' ti.ered afen?,words of tliiks, iucedrtiin whllt ?iheosiid, iand only inpaLtient to 0s cape lhi0m the scene that he? nlght have thnome to reflect, upon the course lhe auct pumrsue iln this new' Iiud' lmost eml bur massing crisis of.hlls.fo?taune,'s. " S.'l Th ai ilty soon ftercwilrd broke.t.up, anlld' hudollph rhlli'ed to the iteom U're panrcil for i;lini, in a: ivhhTl6f onhtenidigii feellngs which keoit; ' lil'ins aWill till mclucrly dlavwn HTe rigidly exallnied l lil .cbiduit towa.rd Bore. durinagtlhdwlih'ole of their inticrcourse, nid he' could lote brinig hilmimali Cu i gasuilty of a; single action whclah could beir any othler in tlrpitataioio tlitin ithit of Iotlherl;' ri-e lls CnIvert.was lovely and,captivu. tiihg, but uarther- ,with hrii . lefniul lchnms, was beforei hIer,;';CvCi ry pulso of hli hlemrt, beat only i£oriAllln, and b e could give hci:o. rivovl .. Tiourgh \- yeifs;haihd rolled naway slnce he last ;odlced on her, iot, a daiy, not:an hour, iscsd alii 1wmlitli'he didi..notirdchi1 hor Syouang beimuty INs, le llie lst b seen .lihe, and the Idmi weal wvom wastlovslo edimore mnislionmtely ini her absenclu t? th?;.o •ceil one would lhaive bem.i lhadl shebeen ever nicai.hlin'; for the glumouro.f love: i cvein, mibreoi,1ioteitudi ai dlstiance thtii u liwhen bestddits objeo t l. Imlmno·iiglna-' : thlouitiii heihifull isaeiy" withouit:?any iisrwbasuick fromn the inevituable asperli • ticsl of daily life,' tJf.', , i ' t ," i .( owirdinoaiihiig,, his pel)tu1rlied.,fiieul t 'ilille sank ntol br)oklein shiublo' :fr out vhleh ed: wanrj'ioused ':by at nt?ing "voie olhioleh semei d to?irngla his ears': G Cive up tilh failli ; od n 5hie. wlill I? conic tIhe oisiu a r otHlirllfe.: 'Giveo h aip)--gi'ie lieii up.,".' :".' .-.. 9:.. -Ile sat; ti p rli ev-lc a lth 'hold' drops -igtherulng upon hlis brow, fmr lie'. fan-' elid ihb could still heitr tihe ol;dsa vibra tng lili pn tlim ir,' a'id lie found I, ditfll cuiltito belleve that tey 'hiaU not actu ally been uttered near him. " Strange I" lie muttered. "" Tiose were the very words of the old Astro loger.. My life curse ! Oh, God I can tis? be, .so ?, Can..such love as I feel fr'tlihat en?liiit~ingii rl bring wretch edness to the heart that enshrines it ? I will not believe it. Away I~'away cruel doubts; I will give you no place to lodge in ; true and loynal'will I ba to my chbsen onte." As Rudolph was againi 'sinking to1 sleep, ai wailing sound like the.,wild music of an Aeolian harp rudely swepti by the wind, floated through the room, anud died away.in slow.and mournful cadence; then it seeimed as if the vibra ting string snapped suddenly, and all wais still. Thoroughly aroused, lid lis tened for the repetition of the sounds but they were not renewed, and he bit terly thought: . ' .... '. ".My good angel has chantedi the dirge of hope and happiness over my couch: Foolish fancy ! love and honour still live, and I will prove recreant to neither. Away--away, false prophet of evil ! Alinu is my joy, my life,- my!anll; her or none I"- . : Wetl'ied by. fatigue and long watch ing, he a.t length fell into a heavy sleep, whichielateditill the sound of the breakfast bell aroused him. Making a hurried toilette,.he .was ready: to join the pnrty,' below'by tlie time the meal was served. Dora met him with a blithe good morning, had his learLt saInk as he thought of what lay before him that' day He felt tha't he must seek an opportunity of making : his true position known to her, but how to do this without offending lier delicacy, or .wounding her pride, he could 'not see? - - " . : " Rudolph made an effort to be aslna tural and gay as he had. been on. the previous evenling, but. it was diflicult faor.him to play ij'niiit, and Dora, with the quick intuition of love, soon .felt thlat something had gone wrong with him. Shle asked : " Did you not'sleep well last niglit ? You look tired and unrefreshed this morning." He replied with a smile : " To speaki tli truth my sluinbers were singularly interrupted last night, and.I nmurvelled:if the'Hallicbntains a Iliunted room in which you placed me to test the strengthi of my nerves."' Dora opened her eyes to their great est extent,' and Col. Culvdrt said : "We are not aristocratic enough to hiave a ghost room. \\.What did you hear or see in your chamber ?"' " I.saw notlhing ; but ' was aroused by a strange wailing sound like n. melancholy dirge that seemed to. fill the room wth ith isdying cadence." Calvert laughed 'merrily : " Alh, I should havCe .'warned you. lora lins placed an Aeolianiharp in one of thie windows of thla.t room. Doubt less it was that which disturbed yaur slumbers." "It is a simple expl?nation, but I amn sorry to inform Miss Culvert tlut ,the strings snapped last night. I heard them break." Dora becamenvery pal'e--she falter:ed: "'Are you sure ? It seems iipiios sible, for the guitar strings I used were quite new, and it is omily a few days. since I put them up." " Some sudden change in tile aitmos phere muist Ihave adrcted them, for I am positive that I heard them snap." She said no more, but begcame, so thoughtful, and remained so colourless that her father marvelled,why such a trifle should disconipose her so much. Only Dorao's old nurse could have ex plained the superstition she lifid her-. self juiculcn.ted. She had said : "Put up thie music strings, Miss Dora for lin iyoi: loves .bcs i. de' worln 'an' cfi you'll gwine to be happy wl' him?, dey'll play a sweet lulla.by; ef you ailn't, dey'll snap to onet. It's a. nice way to try a young girl's fortin ." DorLa renmemlbered this, and oll the day before 1Iiidolpli ima:s expedcted; shq placed tlio harp' in the wvindow of his room, repeii.ting:witflfond :fantasy: " Let, musie ivlth its dulcet strain ' Tell himi that,ourlhlearts are twain Or let the crush of broken somid S. Tell him of a: mortal wound." Now these words 'o"iia'h'bicl to lher, and slhe felt as if a mortal blo\v had in deed beqn dealt ipon.;lher hliart.' She could not shake biof tlif iinpression thill little Incident had made upon lier, .and as ioon as she could'.disengaga herself from her young 'friends, she hurried to the window to see for herself ~'lhat hlad lmappentd. ., ...... . ... . ' " Thle ha p' w'Ivais shatered., and every string,' sIvo one, was broken, and lnut tcring in tlie ,morning air.. , Dora was superstitiouts, as are ir all'teder hearts wliero tih beloved one' is concerned, and she.ilied to her own .apluu'tment to weep bitter tears over 'thii' inpropi i.ous ameni. 1Jut soon reason resumned Its sway, hope again wilispei'ed its ilnd piontises of fttiure' haippiness, and shle ba.thed her eyes, and rejoined lhur guaest's with restored calmness. •hudolph.i glance'ed Iat 'her face, altd riead thlier,itioe, traces of a'tlme ' rfcent *itruggle.J. l ls Isintuition whils' deep, and lie comprehended tlhaut Dora had found conso!atlon lin renewed:hope.;, ,.alhil thait' thills 'fiust' lbc"cdrislihld ou tby''liln \\-ho would licave sacrflou d so much for lier' lmppimss ; "buit: hiui' loi?'e, lls' lionb o ur, lils litu were jledgud to Allnii, nnd lie coulnid not give her a. a 'lvi.i Soon uff t ,.bremltfast wmas over, *Col. Cdtlvertj}invlthd lulin' to ;a prlvated.hi'tr 'lie,"i'nid togethe.ll tho proceded'dt tilh suiuiiier-liouse. T'hle iorning sun hline flcdied 'thio littlo pid Iilln, gilvilng itiiillincholly brligltnCess to thle fIded ilowei'5.. *tl~ v hti '1 8di doraned, ind the yung m'aInl adly.l ~ghtithlat onei hulnniin ftlower would, h 11ll proban lilliy, soon droop)arihnd wither as tliey now did,' iloirlved of all that was noed=' riiF to itiuitaii tlilri]fo in'fnd blciuity.ili ''lieh:n they had' seited tihenselves, Col. Cnlidrt; suild i " ; ""Wliiit' ii' yoli' plans of ltfe,.my. voung frienid, uuhiuen',,tl varaJH oqr',O ? iliat Ininy.ido 'wliat'I ciumtoward fo'r i\;ardhig l.omn.ur tftfltur nteretsil" I ,htivty Iogi~flo.~,a, i'ifatlier. 't6owaird';'.du, itii-' dblpl atllihialvI C(eit f tenii klhdl fltlil'1 you ;weioinideed my'ison. ..iil ', 4 ",> Tme llsInten;u"thlushedil'ddeply 'nid :his; Ceart beat pairfuilliy, ut this opening. .i'liu .rutli hulst bo"ploken noI at all laullrds, ...isl warinuly tliilted lhis old frieiid .o'fr."ail':]hisa 'pidtkhidiiess; "mind trli liie"'lilrni a' i ? 'li6t. l ,iir ceeded, tihidolplh r p dlly',wes "i i, "' !, '"."', ', " WVlhei the stuilgg'le faio oiur' iilo ilndcenuce is eoiddl,.m.ny servlcus will )iobahlly beh r\ewardei by a granmit of land,? 'ind thli:have y half pay. It ibs oyonpur sa to s?nake myself a home as soon as possible, in which I shall place one to v.hoin I ]have long been betrothed. 'I" have not hitlherto spoken of thli,"lecanuie thel?hopo tlna.t lay deep inmy'lhart wns to work out its fulfil ment throughl my own energy and suc eess;. Now I see the end before me, and I may speak of the love that has been my great Incentive to exertion. I have srvced my country with the patriot's devotipn to her cause, but underlying that was the sweet hope that the dis tinctions l'might win would entitle me to claim the halnd: of her I love." "And that one-who is! she ?" asked ,the father, with a tremulous.vibration 'in his voice that went to the heavt of Sthe listener; "'iut he calmly pro? cdeeded: "The first day I ever met with you, Col. Calvert, I came to Havre de Grace as thile escort of a young girl, who hadl been received for several months be neathl my13 father's roof. We loved each other; we exchanged pledges wlhich no man of honour nmiy violato ; neither is it 'my wish to do so, for :I still loveo Aline Derval as the, onlle hope, the one reward of my years 'of toil.", While listening to this avowal, Col. Calvert leaned forward and con.ealed his face with his hand. His own disap :pointinenit, his daughter's anguish, arose vividly . before' him,' and .lfi strong soul was snhaken to its depths. When ludolph ceased speltilng, ho feebly said: "I Wiould thlmo this Ihad been sooner made kIllown to lie. I-I do not accuse you of deception, Rudolph, but perfecb frankness would have saved much mis understanding. Yetl-no, boy-I wrong you; I feel that I do, because a bitter disappointment has come to mo tliroughl this revelation. I had hoped but it matters nlot now wha~t I..olped. I amn still your friend,'and I will do all in my' power to promodte your future welfare. Tell me of this young girl Who is she, iand what chances are in your favour ? Her friends were Eng lish, and they may.:thiilk evden a 'suc cessful patriot no mate for lher." "That will not alter the result, for shle is pledged to accept my hand When, with it, I can offer ler a hom'e worthy of lier acdleptsnce. "less Dorval is the niece of Col. Fitehugih, of the English army, anid she has lately accompanied his famnily to South Carolina, whithe~r Ilis regilentel lihas beenl ordered." ." Anld in tlhe lapse of these years, ex posed to the flatteries of so many 3'oungi ollicers, do you hope that. thi young liady will still conlsider lie'i pro mIise to you as bindilng ? Few women eallnlll conlstant to a childish passion, if exposed to such aLn ordeal." :Rudolph writhed belicath theso words,.but his faith in tile'. object of his choice rose superior to such mis givings, and hle quickly repilied: "1 measure her faith by my own, and tlhat is iildestructlblc. The hopes of my3' life are stakled on her constancy, and I have tlhe firmest trust inll it. Let this suflice." . . . A bitter ' sigh. of disappointment struggled from the father's'heart, but he replressed it, nild presenltly added : " Whlithller do you go'after you re join the army' ? I'trust this' will :be the closing llampailgn, and the blessed light of peace wvill once more beam .upon the lharassedd land.". "I trust so--lthld Legion is under or .ders for tihe South ; we shall probably be sent to South Carolina, as that colon1y cadly needs help. at this crisis." SAnd tlhe fortune of war will pro bably bring you within the sphere of 0your betrothed. Such is doubtless the hope with which you go ?" ' llRldolplh Ilngenlously replied: " I confess thaIt the dearest wish . of nmy healrt is'io see my betrothed again. Our lext meetinig Iust be 'decisive of ouri fate if she is true, I' shIall' claim .lher at all risks.; .if she is false, mIy life is desolhite. Yet no- thal t thoulght is iunwortliy of Ilillood ; I should 'suflfer iall the algonlies of a lost soul, but I slhould survive thelm, for my mother has given mc faith in God and his eternal justice." The 'veteran grasped his hand. "Nobly .spoln ; . bravely felt; oh, lad, every word you utter oily deepens my regret for the hopc'thatisdost. Go upon 'your Ilpath, with the blesslig of al dold soldier, iland the assurance that hIe is j·our Ifast frienld through life." * .luddlph' 'warilly tlii-ijnklfldil,' and overcome \vith 'emlotion, Calvert waved liln llwaVy. ' Sloyly and Il. thoughtfully 11e ;walkiel tovlward thle house, aclnd on the lihzza 'elicounter;ed Dorn.; She gllnhcied lit Iis serious face, s' nmiled ;faintly, miid sped'like a' lal-widig to vrl'dl theil sllummner-lholse., She ipaused on'the threshold, 'ai d looked apprehen 5velyo. o itlihe bowod head oft her father, whose. lonag gray :haiir floalted over hisl face, concelillllg its exprcssion from her eager eyes..' RU Was not aLware of heli presueie till she lildd'her'cold hand on' his, and. faltered : ':' ' (To be Colntinued.) 