(CoRatorrr.) d s A CYCLING DUELLO,. BY B. RANfGER. t " Author of Glamoyle. R.A." " A York h1 H[ypuotist," ".John S.hairp, Detective," &., &c.; a They were two extremely pretty girls, and( aC conscions of the fict as any two peoplr a whose eyesight is all right and whoi have per feet mirr ors could be. There was never any nonsense alout tlenm, either, not aihen they were alone, -at iany rate. They had been I friends fronm their Ibbyhood, and rhad worn blue sashtes and embroidered pinafores to gether. They had gone to the samee school- b and now they were both in love with the i same mani, antil were attempting to keep tip the old friendliness while dismcssing the h matter. " You said, before you came to York, that s you supposed you would have to choose between the Church and Army, and so you i hare," said Sylvia, the tall, dark one. " If only you had chosen the Church." t Emily, the o.ther one, was not tall, but she had auburn hair. " Su [ would have done," shie said " if a Captain-Holt had been in the Church." " H'm. I daresay," said Sylvia. " All would have been equally well, either, S Sylvia, if you had not happened to pay your k visit here just now. Captain ilolt and r , would have been engaged in a few weekE, l I'mri sure." " I came wlen you invited me," Msid Sylvia, indignantly. " Ol, yes, of course. I know that. It was quite an accident. Still, if you had not happened to come and spoil everything! t Lewis had taken ia fancy to me I knowv. No One can help seeing that. Still he had taken a fancy to me before you camrne. andl I'm sure, yes. morally sure that if , ,ither of is were to go away now, then-wellt thenr, Captain Holt would remain with the otlhtr one. I'm convinced that lie is as much torn in two ways as we are." Ernily spoke thie last two sentences slowly. In fact, the two friends had arrived at this point in their discussions several times brfore, and it was upon this stagoin the matter that., Ihe whole discussion Ilung. They continued it too. now, on the samte side lines k as usual. "' It's ll lbeen a wretchedr accident, of course," said Emily, fretfully, after a pause. " Still- Mr. Cripps is awfully nice, Sylvia." " Then why nottake him yourself ?" asked Sylvia, promptly. Emily rubbed her face uneasily in the cushirons of thle sofa on which she was lying. " Trade," site said briefly. " .ie is no more trade for you than he is for me." aidl Sylvia. " And you know ihe lhas plenty of money. Enlily. " Ves, and an irreproachable character, Sylvia.*" ' Thenll it must be rather nice, in some re spects, to be in the trade," said Sylvia. " f in| comte into possession of a good many 7 iec'ts.. They say tile reason why thein Mar schiness of Sandshire was so awfully civil to iMr. Urippsat the Hunt Ball, was because she owes him an endless bill." " I daresay," said Emily, thougihtfully-. " But-ironmungery. you know, Sylvia! Fancy seeing your name on your neighbour's knives and scissors." SP'ah! Everybody admires trade now- t days," said Sylvia; " and "Mr. Cripp is a d pefeet little gentleman. No one could say otherwise.'" " And heaps of money." " And an uncle in L'arliament." " And brother who is a mayor." There was a pause for a minute here, as if both sides had temporarily used up their ammunilion ; but before long Emily began again. " If only Captain Holt would distinctly shew that he cares for either one or the other of us!" " Which is exactly what he won't do," said Sylvia. " As you say, I believe Captain Holtis just as undecided as we are which he cares for most, and the only thing to do is forone or the other of us to go away,unless" irritably-" we toss up for it." At this impossible suggestion, both girls eank into silence again. They continued in silence for some time, too, one restlessly ly ing on the sofa cushions, the othe drumming the window panes. Presently Emily sug gested that they should go for a run on their bikes, which was their usual- morning occupation, but as this was languidly negatived by Sylvia, the silence continued again, until, some time after, it was suddenly broken by a scream from Sylvia at her poet by the window. Emily raised her head, and was confronted by Sylvia's face, glowing and radiant and flushed with s sudden excitement. " I've got the most brilliant idea," ex claimed Sylvia. "I'll tell you how we'll settle it. We are both convinced that if one of us were to go away without explanations that the other would be practically certain to become Mrs. Captain Holt. Then let us ride a bicycle race for it! Wliy not ? Let as put it at the end of a race. The one who wins remains here. The one who loses has to un dertake to go away from York at once without any explanation to Captain Holt, of course-and leave the field clear for the other. What do you think of it, Emily ? It would settle the matter without any chance of quarrelling or ill-feeling. What do you :." think ?" At first Emily was, perhaps ntrally, decidedly taken aback by this novel sugzes tion of Sylvia. Perhaps Emily was a little lesBup-to-date than her friend. At any rate she sat looking somewhat out of breath at first,, as Sylvia continued to pour ort the manifold advantages of her schleme:nd rit only gradually that the whole beauty of the idea as seen by the other began to dawn on her. " It sounds very like the tossing-up that you suggested a while ago," she said, doubt fully, at first. " Well; why not?" asked Sylvia, reek lessly. " We have to decide the miatter somehow or other."-Sylvia was known ;as a pioneer in original movement anlongtrt h-er friends-" Why not put it at the end if some effort which we canl both make? and both agree to give up to the one who wins without ill-feeling?.' It was evident thlat Sylvia could see rlnoth-Li ing but lwhat iwas rleni(( in hi r proposi S tion, and whethier it saveorerd vtlrongly of the up-to;date side of the girls' el;harateers of which they were o proiud or not. ;t anyrati. in a few minuttes Emily, too, began to siee some iof the unique beaurtieui of the idea. " We both ride otonething alik, donr't we?" she said, "so it woull be fair in that re spect." "Of course it wotill," aid- Sylvia 'Thien S it settles the whole matter wtithout chance of disagreeing. And it will be perfectly lovely S to ride a real rae. for a real prize-an. 1 think it's fine." She went to the window to settle the queo tion of the weather. Perhaps the fact just mentioned by Emily, that both girLs' riding abilities were about on a par, had a good deal to do with their idea for the srtling of their difficulty. Or, rather, it was another aspect I of that likeness-that both were practically v little'mdrethan beginners in the art of wheel ing that made them so ready to adopt thisa special method of putting the matter to the v test. In other words, the bicycle crave was r yet iiin its first stage of raw newness with I these girls. For although it might seem strange. con sidering how abreast with the times the two were in other respectsyet they were not. at. all proficient is cyclists yet, which owing to the fact that both had been brought up-up to b six months ago,when Emily had come to live -at York-in a remote Yorkshire village, where the toads were far too hilly for cy cling. In consequence, neither of the girls had done much on the wheels until three weeks ago, when Sylvia's present disastrouse visit to her friend had begun, since when both had spent the greater part of the morn ings in the saddle. And as it was this comparative rawness as bicyclists that led the two to look upon a bicycle race as a matter of enjoyment in it self, so it was, perhaps, the same youthful ness in the art that led them presently, when Emilysa diffidence at the scheme had worn off, to clloome the distance that they did for the ride. They suggested York to 1Malton at first ; but as Sylvia learnedly observed, that would not allow opportunites for both " pace " and " stay." Perhaps one' might prove to haves one and one the other: and then York to Scarboro' was suggested. Neitherof the girls knew much of the road ; but many of their acquaintances had ridden it often, as they I both knew. The only objection th~at they' could see to tie Scarboro' suggestion, was e that tile sky was a little overcaet:~ Btit neither of them had ever ridden a long dis tance before. Neither had either of them had any experience in wet roads; so they decided on the Scarboro' route cheerfully. And within half an hour of the first mooting of Sylvia'e original idea, botit girls were in the saddle. 'rThey had had an hasty and early lunch. Each girl had also a small flask of cognac in her pocket, and then they were off on their novel race, which seemed at firstin dangerof losing its interest as a race for a husband, in th1e zest with which the girls went in for it front a bicyclist's point of view. They set off erect and smiling, each girl in her prettiest cycling costume,.the t flasks of cognac resting snugly in their poe kets, and the only cloud in the prospect being the very actual one that still hung in thile sky. So the race began; and the first seven or cight miles of it went off splendidly. This had been about the extent of the girls' spinse luthtcrto ; and as they had never felt unduly fagged at the- end of them they had con eluded that theycould do a much longer spin if necessary. And they did not feel at all tired I now. when they drew up at the first stop ping-place-?'arton-in-the Willows. % According to the road map this place was half-way to Mlalton, which is, in its turn, half-way to Searboro', and the girls con gratulated each ether on both their pace and stay here as they dismounted to breath The only drawback, so far, had been that,` from the force of lhabit they had generally forgot to try and get in front. Eaclh found i erself turning back to call to the other or even to wait for her. But they decided to be more careful in future. S Moth were determined, however, and even a the misfortune of a heavy shower of rain which fell from the overhanging cloud while the girls wcre in the inn at Barton, did -not I damp their ardour. It succeeded in damping t the roads, however, as, when they were in the saddle again, they discovered. Then they remembered, too. that they had not ridden on heavy roads before, and they crumbled a good deal. But presently they settled down f to remember again that they were racing. r Then it was splendidly exciting, they said. They had frequent opportunities for judging eachl other's powers now,forthtey passed each Y other every few minutes during this part of Sthe race. The second half of the distance to Mallon was naturally the most tiring, how ever, as both said, as they dismounted again at a little village three miles on the York e side of Malton to rest for a few min utes. Each had a little of her cognac here ' also, put in a bottle of lemonade which they bought at the inn; and they declared, as they a got into the saddle again, that they felt quite n fit for the rest of the journey. But at Mal '- ton they decided to stop and have a second g lunch. Perhaps both girls were feeling a little a tired by this. It was on the length of pre r vious spins of theirs that they were talking, s at any rate, as they sat before the fire at the t, hotel where they had ordered lunch. They e arrived at the conclusion that the present n effort was exactly five times as long as any r- previous one. Then the roads were so bad, d too, they mentioned again. They had never d ridden on heavyroadabefore. and they hoped that the man with whom they had left their \- bicycles would clean them thoroughly well. Ic But the lunch made them feel better until is they got up to face their machines. And It then each was appalled to find that her stiff o ness was worse for resting it awhile, yet [e neither of them said anything of this to the It other. os They mounted their bicycles in silence \- Ihere, the only remark beins a query from \- Emily as they pushed off as to whether. -f according to the road maps, this second half is of the journey were not some seven or eighlt it miles longer than the first. And Sylvia : replied that it w\s. It was half-past two as 'u they left M[lton. There were twenty-live miles yet to cover, and they must try to get ,. it in by the timne darkness fell which would be -)abont hall-past four. Ic Tet it wao astonishing how soon there te seemed to arrive a suspf,:ion of dusk in the at amnvsphlere. Another eilght miles hrought ie te-i to KInaplon. This had taken themn it rather more than half an Ihour t a 5ccornt Splhsh. It was a liltl, after tlhree wiles they n I reached here, and already there serelled to ie a dlarkeoinog in the East. However. it was St here that thle most exciting incident of the \- race-so far -took lace. Sylviai atrrived here so mucih in font of Emily that slie was lable k to muntt again ;,1d ride avvSay ai- Ilnly drew n Ip at the inn. It sCeemed as if p?ce weCre Ilkely to wIn, for b1 lloth hlad areel in the earlier part of the f day, wllen thiley hiad rildden so Illuehl togither, Id thlat Sylvia seemed to lave it for pace. and Eis mily for st:Lay. lt a little more thaln two iiil-s plsL Ktialton, when iEmily was aaln \- in lthe Saddlle, siCe passed Sylvia sirtinOg under i-a hedlge, iher nlchine resting agilt a gate. e Pcrh;;ps by this time both girls were begin of ning to owrn themselves that they were tired. SThey hiad passed each othcr at Kiitaplton, aI1d ec Ilwhere Sylvia was sitting ander thll hedIlllge almost witllhot a word, lnld Emnily had said It nothling to ylvia If tte fact that her hat was on one silde, whlile Sylvia )had never men thal thle pattern of Emily's veil had come off n in fancy-trellis work on hler nose. of IHonever. a few minumtes atfter Emily had vy pased hler SylvIa draggcd herself up and on 1 to her 0nactu0e again. Shie was ctrongly telmptedl to try walking and pushing thle bike, h- ut that wouli niot get hlier on very fast. She st molunted and ,ode on, and the next inn she og rode dleterminedly past, hoeing that Emily wal as inside. Yet tlte waa very tired eow. :ir She had never had really aching limbs in her life before, and she had not expected it would be as bad as this. tl It was growing darker too. A village clock c struck the three-quarters after three, and it d would plainly be quite dark before they could fS reach Scarboro'. Sylvia dismounted to light a her lamp and consult her road-map again. I She hoped that she had passed Emily some- a where, and as she had several times during b the past quarter of an hour ridden a dozen f, yardi or so with her eves shut, in reckless o fashion, it was quite possible that she might have done so without knowing it. She sat under the hedge again to consult a her road-map, wondering half-dreamily where t Emily was, and quite unconscious that, not a a hundred yards away. anotherwhite road-map was flickering out ghost-like in the dusk, p where Emily leaned against a gate to consult b it. There was still another fifteen miles to be done yet, and presently Sylvia doggedlyli mounted again and pashed on. She almost wished she had not ridden past l the last inn now. The thought of a cup of tea with her remaining drop of cognac in it e occurred to her--and possibly Emily might be as belated as she, though. as a matter of fact, the thought of riding into Scarboro' first in triumph was beginning to look a somewhat poor affair to Sylvia now. Then another inn threw its ruddy, welcom- c ing light out into the dusk, but a sudden fresh accession of determination here caused her to resist her former desire for tea. She asked for and had a bottle of soda-water with the remaining brandy in it, and then she pushed on again in some style, until she a approached another inn not a hundred yards away. Perhaps a couple of drunken narvies at the door of this place helped Sylvia to ride s past it. At any rate she did pass it. Then on again. A hill came next, and she fancied that walking and pushing the bike was easier than riding; but she believed that falling off it under the hedge would be easiest of all. It was becoming a rather dreadful affair now. She wondered sometimes where Emily was. She had had no idea that a bicycle-race of forty odd miles would be like this. It was almost quite dark too, now, and Scarboro' I was probably yet twelve miles away, which I ieemed to Sylvia something like twelve hundred would do on an ordinary occasion. Yet'she rode on for another ten minutes, and t then another blessed inn fire flickered out in the landscape. She would stay awhile here, she decided. She drew up at the door,think: ing how these places seemed to swarm in t this neighbourhood, and how like to the last s one, where the drunken navvies had been, E this one was, not knowing, all the time, that I she had made a circuit in the darkness, and I ridden back to the same place that she had I passed ten minutes ago. She tumbled off her machine, and, asking in a faint voice, for a cup of tea and a Sprivate, room, she turned aside into what she supposed was indicated as the latter,and, finding a sofa and table there, she sat down on the former, and, laid her head on the t latter, determining to push on again very I soon. 'Perhaps half-an-hour, or more passed while Sylvia rested in this litle inn parlour. Apparently her order for tea had been mis understood, for no one disturbed her while she sat still, not daring to look at her watch for fear five minutes should have passed. But, although she felt hazy about some things, she knew thather tea had not arrived yet, because she had decided that the rattling I of the tea-things when they appeared should h be the signal for her to lift hier head. ' t Then perhaps she fell asleep. Perhaps the hazy thoughts about how very far away the other side of the rnoom seemed when she Sthought about getting up to walk it-never to mention Scarboro', twelve miles away a passed into dreams. At any rate it was quite an hourafter the strange lady had been shewn into the deserted bar-parlour and for. gotten, when a strangely familiar sound suddenly broke upon Sylvia's ears and caused her to raise her head with a start. f Yet the sound was only that of a veryquiet n ordinary man's voice, giving a still more ordinary order for hot port, at the bar just n outaideSylria's door. And thegentleman who k gave the order was also quite ordinary-look . ing a little nattily dressed man, with, how e ever, a certain air of wealth and standing y about his appearanceand his manner of quiet y composure. e But Sylvia, hearing the remark, suddenly 1\. sat upright in her corner in the deserted bar d room. She listened for more. The colour that had so long been absent from her face e returned to it, too, as she heard further re. marks outside-a quiet " Thank you," then a general remark about the weather. Still e Sylvia sat with head erect, apparently think y ing. For two or three minutes she sat thus, it the colour coming and going in her cheeks. y Then she suddenly seemed to make up her 1 mind. She felt if her hat. was straight. Then r she coughed. At the sound of that cough d rather a prolonged one-the little gentleman or utside started. Then lie put down his glass, pushed open the door of the bar-room, antid ii confronted Sylvia with a startled face. d " Miss Bruce ?" he exclaimed, in evident f. astonishment. ,t Sylvia smiled. ae " How astonished you look, Mr. Cripps" she said, in as ordinary a voice as a girl who e wa a mass of aches and bruises could as Ssunme. " 1-I have been bicycling and-er r. have got lost." If There was more truth in the last remark it than Sylvia knew. Mr. Cripps advanced far ., ther into the room, still very much surprised s and concerned apparently. "e "And you are all alone-atdark ?" he st asked. e Emily wsas wiith me," said Sylvia, tiastily, " hut I believe i've lost her' ),. lplease e don't look so shocked! I really couldn't e help it!-and I believe I asked for some tea. it ut it hasn't come." Ir. Cripps disappearedl at once to iuquire after the tea. Tthen hie re turned. It appeared that hie hald called at this place partly on business--kt ves ands vcisors willth his name on again. no doubt; hut what a trifle that appeared at present. ue He sat down a little nearer to Sylvia now. e anI wlhen her tea appeared site persuaded him to join, Indeed. they became quite friendly over it. But then they always had been moderately friendly. t Andd Sylvia was so bewilderingly plea se sent to Mr. Cripps during tea, that ,It was no great wonder if hie sat a little d nearer still to her on the settee after tea. SFortunately he did so, but Sylvia did not in quite know yethow to bring thle conversation into exactly the channel that site wished u. ntil prese.t.y an idea occurred to her. and she said, softly: " Oht, Mr. Oripps, I have d. heen wanting for ever so long to apologiue to idyou for being so rude at the tennis tall." '" Iude to me!" exclaimed M.r. Criplps, i amatzed again. S " Yes, at the tennis ball, you know." re .peated Sylvia. S" Buit L was not at the tennis ball," saidI Mr. Cripps. sd "Ah, it was the hunt ball, then!" S " I was at thel hunt ball, but-I don't re Smember your being rude to me, Miss Bruce, Sunless---" Iv Neither did Sylvia; but the conversation le was going more as she desired now. Mr. ly Cripps had come nearer still. Y " You seem to have been different to me cr since then," she murmured. Then Mr. Cripps drew nearer still. But there still seemed to be a moment of inde cision, of want of perfect understanding. And then Sylvia raised a pair of bhrilliant, feverish, audacious eyes to the young man's, and somehow, that seemedl to finish it off. Mr. Cripps came nearer still; next instant he was saying something incoherent about the bunt hball, and wishing he had something to forgive, and then Sylvia's head was on lois shoulder; and then it was all finishod. Five minutes or so after that, a new arrival appeared at the inn door, This was a weary, forlorn-looking girl, with a fancy trellis-work pattern on her noseand pushing a bicycle before her. She pushed her machine into the sanded passage, and then, giving some order at the bar, she also, as luck would have it, turned aside into the quiet bar parlour. There she was met by the sight of two people who made her exclaim; and after Sylvia had risen with as touch alacrity and grace as her aching limbs would allow, and pushed Emily into a chair, and after a few more exclamations and explanations had ensued, Sylvia said to Mr. Cripps: " Shall I tell?" " if you don't, I will," said that gentle man radiantly. So Sylvia told; and when the recital was over Emily rose-stiffly-and, forgetting congratulations, apparently, she went out of the room to countermand an order about her bicycle. Sylvia followed, and linking her arm within her friend's in tle little sanded passage, she said: " Emily. I wish never, never, to hear the name of Captain Holt again. I have been doing the best I could during the last half-hour to provide for my never hearing his name again." Emily raised a pair of haggard eyes to her friend's face. " Neither do L," she said, with emphasis. HIowever, Emily changed her mind. Sylvia did not; and MIre. Cripps and Mrs. Captain Holt are still the best of friends. (The End.) 