THE BROWN FROCK. BY PERCY RUDD. At the period of which I write I was lieutenant attached to the Court of Alexander Nikolaiovitch, Emperor of all the Russias, who was subsequently foully done to death on the very thres- hold of his brother's palace. . All the world is acquainted with the story of this assassination and of others that had been previously attempted upon the life of a ruler whose only fault was an ill-, advised generosity ; but it has been left for me, Stepan Kerdrof, an exile from my country and forgotten of my friends, to tell of a plot that surpassed all these in the ingenuity and daring of its conception. # # * * # My first meeting with the Princess Lidi Briansky was the beginning of a great many things that came upon us all with bewildering swiftness. The Princess was an orphan, and lived at a large house on the Nevsky Prospect. She numbered among her friends many Court dignitaries, but it was said that I surpassed them all in the regularity of my visits. I will pass over the details of these visits, for who am I, that I should attempt to tell of what experience alone can teach ? Let it suffice that I learned to love, and not without success. It was shortly after the announcement of my engagement to the Princess that the green-eyed monster, as your Shakespeare calls him, drew me into his grip. Lidi had, on several nights, forbidden me to go and see her, saying that she was engaged in other business. The nature of this business she obstinately refused to reveal, so Is set myself to find out what my conscience told me I ought not to know. from the servants I learned that, when I was forbidden the house, their mistress went out always alone. There their knowledge ended. I had to fill in the blanks as best I could. Disguised as a mother, I followed her one night from the glare of the Nevsky into the dim seclusion of the Bolshia Sadovae, and thence, by a succession of byeways, to the squalid Nieholisky Pereulock. Here she turned off a dark and narrow passage, with me still stepping silently in her footsteps. We came to a door upon which she rapped three times, swiftly and cleanly. In a second the door had opened, and, acting on a sudden resolution, I) boldly crossed the threshold. She started when she heard me, and bowed'stifily. "Monsieur has silent feet, she said. " And strange features," added the old hag who had let us in, peering savagely up into my face. "Perhaps he will give us the sign ?" A new light dawned upon me, and with it an inkling of the truth. I began to understand the danger of my position. " To you I will give nothing," I said, with a fine air of contempt, the Princess Briansky will have the sign from my lips, and shall be satisfied." Lidi had started at the sound of my voice, which was purposely ill-concealed. "You know me?" she queried. "How well I can satisfy you," I answered, " if there are no other ears." She signed to the woman to withdraw. I noted that we stood in a spacious hall, with no other inlet for daylight than a couple of unhandsome skylights, and devoid of any kind of furniture. On the left was a small door, by which the bag had departed, and which I presumed led to her apartments on the right was a short corridor terminated by another door. "Perhaps you will explain your presence in this place ?" I said to her, forgetfully, when we were alone. " By what right do you presume to question me sir ?" she asked indignantly. " Who has more right than he who will call himself your husband ?" Then it was she remembered where she had heard that voice before, and the awakening came on her with such suddenness that she staggered back, and her face went red and white by turns. For a second there was a struggle within herself ; then love had conquered, for her arms were round my neck, her head upon my shoulder. " Oh ! Stepan." she sobbed, " why have you done this thing ? Why have you followed me here ?" I remembered the object of my quest, and spoke sternly. "I have come to kill your lover." She looked up smilingly through her tears.. " "Nu, Stepan. you are too young to die. I have no lover, no king but you. You would not kill yourself as' Then, becoming more serious she went on: "But you are in danger here. You must go. Come, I will let you out." I do not go alone," I said. " No, I cannot, must not, go with you, I have work, hateful work to do. Why will you not trust me ? Why do you not believe? See," she said impulsively, pointing down the corridor, " there are men in there-men who hold their lives in their own hands. They would kill you just as they might crush a fly on the window pane. Now will you go ?" The truth had come upon me by degrees, and I showed no emotion of surprise.. I realised my danger, but love for the woman who stood by my side held me, so that I hesitated. There were three sharp raps on the outer door, and, on the left, I could hear the returning hobble of the old woman. " You see," I said, with affected carelessness, I have gone too far in this to retreat now." Lidi shook herself free from my embrace, and I saw the muscles of her features tighten. She surveyed me rapidly, and then motioned me to follow. Her hand was on the door-knob at the end of the corridor when she spoke. " You go in here as one of us. The issue of this adventure will depend upon your own good sense." I bowed an assent, and we entered. It was a long, narrow room, furnished in a profusion of luxuriance contrasting strangely with the bareness without. A table covered with dark-blue cloth, on which were spread a number of documents and plans, ran nearly the whole length of it around it were seated some twenty people, talking in agitated whisper. Many of the faces were new to me, but I recognised the Countess of Bonina, General Winowski, and a German Count, well known at Court, whom I had also met at the Princess Briansky's house. As I looked round this strange company I saw revealed many things that had hitherto been mysteries. In my dilemma I even drew consolation from the fact that there were others of rank and power who shared the misguided opinions of her who was to be my wife-for I told myself that nothing in the world should take her from me. The Princess introduced me as an Englishman who was "wanted" by the secret police, and upon whom necessity had thus forced a disguise. We had hardly taken our places with the rest, when the door again opened, and the man, whose knock had forced me to this extremity, entered. I was suprised to find that it was Lukitch, my immediately superior officer in the service of the Emperor. Assuredly the plot was thickening. A silence fell upon the group when Lukitch shouted a boisterous good evening and threw off his heavy cloak. It was evident that some important news was expected. He sat down at the head of the table, remained a second or two as if in thought, and then his rich melodious voice deposed the stillness that had reigned before. " Sisters and brothers, he said, " the time draws near. To-morrow night the Emperor will play at cards. Winowski. LeTin, and Kerdrof will play with him. I have here that which will enable me to play a different game in his room close by. It will be a game of life and death." An audible murmur ran round the room, and though I dare not look, I instinctively felt that Lidi \ shuddered. The Captain was holding a large bottle of chloroform in his hand, and of a sudden it came to my mind that he had the reputation of a clever scientist. His next words were quite in accordance with such a view. "This is a drug, he said, showing us as small white packet, " of which I dare not even tell you the name. It is sufficient that it is cunningly compounded, so as to destroy the sense of smell. I have already told you that the Emperor will play cards to-morrow night, and that our friend Winowski will be amongst those who play with him. During the game the Emperor will drink wine-the drug is soluble in wine-and when it is over he must not smell so much as a flower's spent. My General, I commit this packet to your care. You understand?" Winowski's face was set and hard. He bowed without a sign of emotion. Lukitch continued : " The Emperor will go to his room, where, you will remember, I shall have preceded him. He will take up the little brown frock, he loves so well, and with which I and this bottle shall have had previous acquaintance. In the morning he will be found dead. The doctors will call it cardiac failure." He looked round the room as if to seek for signs of approval. His eyes fell upon me. "Bozhe met!" he cried jumping to his feet, and walking quickly towards me. " Whom have we here ?" Lidi told him, as she had told the others. ( He peered keenly into my face, and I thought I saw him start. " It is well !" he said going back to his seat. " He may be of use." I breathed more freely. But Lukitch had strode past his chair, and swung round on his heel, with his back to the door. "Friends," he said we are honoured. I am not the only attache of the Emperor's household who is here to-night. There is one who is a spy amongst us." A sharp little cry broke from the Princess, and she fell back in a faint. I saw that the game was going against me. Lukitch held the trumps. "Just as you are a spy in the Emperor's household!" I retaliated. The dart pierced home, and he scowled fiercely. / " Perhaps I may be allowed to introduce myself," and I threw off my wig and beard. "Stepan Kerdrof!"' broke from a dozen pair of lips. "In the Emperor's service," I said, proudly, " and at yours." Lukitch signed to them to seize me. I played my card last. " I have here a whistle. Outside are forty of the Imperial Guard. The one will bring the other inside of minute." They wavered, but Lukitch, still standing with his back to the door, laughed a scornful laugh, and told them that I died. Then I gave up the ghost, and five minutes later was laying caged like a wild beast, save that my feet and hands were bound. ' H". There is no torture like that of an unwilling inactivity, when the soul would have what the body cannot give God knows I tasted to the fullest all the pangs during those long hours when Hay, trussed like a fowl, in room where they had locked me. From what I knew of Lukitch, I was certain that he would not have devised such a plot without first being assured of its possibility of success. I could picture to myself the scene in which the closing act of the drama was to take place : the long room adorned with all the elegance of a simple taste ; the table and the cards ; the Emperor himself magnificent and sad. seated, opposite the portrait of his dead mother, and taking from it his inspirations, Then the drop curtain fell, and rose again upon the Imperial bedroom. He, who owned it, sat upon a low sofa at the foot of the bed, holding a child's frock, such as a workman's child might well have worn, but he held it with a clasp of reverence and love. And it was this this pathetic weakness in the character of the man, this homely picture, worthy of the painter's brush that had been the inspiration of Lukitch's plot. He knew, as I did, that Alexander would sit for hours together with this one relic of his little daughter, of whom death had torn from him all to soon ; he knew how he loved and revered that plain brown frock, how he fondled and caressed it! He knew also, how the Emperor grew depressed at the recollection of his mother and flew to his child's memory as the only means of relief, and how in the Emperor's eyes, his mother's protest against gambling was unalterably associated with cards. The whole scheme, I could see, had been worked out like a higher mathematical calculation, and I told myself they were devils not men, who had done it There, in that empty room I cursed them, one and all Leitch, Winowski, Bonita, and the rest yes, even her whom I had said was to be my wife. Then the fit changed, and I found myself offering excuses that she might suffer. They had deceived her, they could not have her sympathy. " Stepan !" The word fell on my ear like unto oil on troubled waters, for it was formed by the lips I had loved to kiss. In the tor- ment of my thoughts I had heard neither the loosening of the bolts nor the sneck of the door as it closed behind her. My mind reverted to the gap that lay between us. " Have you come here to haunt me ?" I said. She smiled indulgently and I saw her face was calm and sad. Then she spoke. " My poor Stepan ! I have come to set you free." Free! A thrill of fierce delight ran through me. I might save him yet. I spoke to her roughly, so that she stooped and cut the bonds that held my stiffened limbs. All night and all day I had lain on those bare boards, and it was glorious to stand upright, to walk about and feel something firm under my feet. I thought of her who had given me this pleasure, and of a sudden it came upon me what my freedom meant to her. The motive that had impelled her to come to me thus ? Gener- osity? The word seemed weak and meaningless. It was sacrifice, I told myself sacrifice on the altar of Love. I would not play the Abraham to her Isaac. " My love," and I kissed her tenderly on thercheek, " give mebackto my bonds. It were better that I should not go." She spoke quickly. "Do, but you must, you shall go. The life of a good man depends upon your liberty." " And the life of an infinitely better woman hangs on the other side of the scales. No, I have chosen. When I am free, these Nihilists will kill you." " Why not?" she queried sadly. " Better that than the living death amid the darkness of earthly prisoners." I shuddered. A chain of inaccessible mountains seemed to be hemming us in on every side. There was no hope of egress, no vision but captivity-or death. Then as I looked ahead, I saw a path, narrow and tortuous it was true, but which I said should lead us from the shadow into the sunlight. "You are right," I told her gaily, " I will take my liberty. The Emperor snail. neither know of this plot nor feel its sting. And you ? You will leave these people ? " I have left them in spirit ever since I have known you. I was young and wilful and it amused me to skate on thin ice. When I met you I learned to see myself as I really was, but the revelation came too late to set me free. I deceived you because I feared your honour was stronger than your love, and I could not bear to lose you. The lesson has cost me dear, but it has been well taught." I thanked her with my lips. The chim- ing of the hour reminded me of the necessity for action. " Eight o'clock !" I said to myself, " I shall be in time for the final deed. No, friend Lukitch, the trumps are against you now." An hour later I entered the long room of the Winter Palace. The peasant had then given way to the soldier. A single candelabra m shed a glitter of light, which illuminated the far end of the room. As I stood in the shade of the door I discovered myself analysing the thoughts of the men who sat within the circle. The Emperor, silent and sad, just as I had pictured him. Winowski, Levin, and -Lukitch. My heart leapt within me. They had called Lukitch in to take my place ; what if it had been unexpected, if the Bottle of Death remained uncorked ? Even while I deliberated on this new possibility, a voice awoke the stillness. The Emperor was speaking. " I can play no more," he said. " The cards seem to look up at me reprovingly with my mother's eyes." "But the rubber, Sire?" Winowski ventured. , " May be finished some other time. I have to thank you, gentlemen, for your attendance, and to wish you all good- night." He rose go. I saw my opportunity and, as they bowed before him, walked boldly down the room. Lukitch was so surprised that he arrested the motion of his head and stared at me with wide open eyes, while Winowski went to the other extreme, and, in the suddenness of his fright, prostrated himself upon the ground. The Emperor scowled as I pulled up before him and saluted. " No, Mr. Truant," he said, " you come in like a dog to pick up the crumbs that are left from the feast. I gave you credit for a more precise punctuality." " You do, me wrong, Sire," I answered calmly. " My absence has not been of my own choosing ; I am here to explain it." " The explanation could have waited he cried, petulantly, but since you are here you will, perhaps, be good enough to inform us what may prove more pressing than the Imperial commands." " That which concerns His Majesty's welfare." " You speak in riddles, Monsieur Ker drop." Listeners are so common that the habit is a useful one. My information is for His Majesty the Emperor." " Then why not proceed with it These gentleman have my confidence." " A privilege which, if I may respectfully be allowed to suggest so, does not make them Emperors." He smiled in spite of himself. " Since Monsieur Kerdrof is so present." he said, addressing those who had stood silent spectators of the scene, " you will have the goodness, gentlemen, to with draw." They bent low before him, and turned to go. The sound of my voice arrested them before they had crossed the threshold. " I had neither the intention nor the wish to break up the party," I said. " Your Majesty is fatigued. You were about to retire when I entered your presence. My story may be told atwell in one apartment as in the other." " Ach, you are bold, monsieur. Have a care that you find not some precipice to wide to leap." I felt myself on the brink now, and my breath came and went with the expecta- tion of-what was to be my fate. When he spoke again it was to tell me that I had conquered. A natural station of triumph came over me. I longed to tell these men that they had lost the rubber, that the race was up my sleeve. I followed the Emperor down the lighted corridor, and so into the apart- ment in which he slept. My sense of smell at once furnished me with the clue. Lukitch had done his devilish work ; the burden of the undoing was upon me, though I counted it but slight. The air was full of vapour that apeared to grip one by the throat, and tempt one to the sweetness of repose. I saw that I must act quickly, and, before I could move a finger, Pate was at my elbow making my task the easier. " Kerdrof," the Emperor said, quickly, " there is too much light for a tale of mystery. Besides, the glare of it hurts my eyes, and I have grown to love the shadows." . . It was as though he had placed a weapon in my hands. The room was brilliantly lit. and its many chandeliers flooded it with radiance. I sprang upon the sofa, on which the brown frock lay, to extinguish some candles that burned above ; my foot slipped, and down I came, two of the lighted candles with me. In a flash the little brown frock was a mass of flames. It was all done with incredible swiftness, and I had found it easier to do than I had thought. By the cruel tongues of flame that shot up and scorched me, I saw at once that I must limit the results of my action to the execution of its purpose. I threw it the burn- ing stuff upon the floor, and stamped on it with a frenzied energy, so that soon the light was gone, and the blackness of cinders was all that met the eye. The Emperor had watched through it all as in a trance ; a faint cry, when the flames first broke forth, was the only sign of life he gave. Suddenly he realised it. Shall I ever forget that awakening? He threw himself on the ashes of the frock that he had come to regard almost as part of himself, and sobbed as might the child who had worn it. Though my heart bled for the man, I was not insensible to to the requirements of the situation, and an ordered, I opened the doors at both ends of the apartment. Quickly the smoke began to clear, and with it vanished the vapour of death that I had risked so much to rout. The cold pure air, poured in. Then the Emperor rose from his homage, and remembered my presence. As his eyes met mine he fell into an uncontrollable fury, and cursed me savagely in the madness of his grief. His words seemed to fall on me like spent bullets; they stunned me; but they had no hurt ; they left no wound. I realised that they meant dismissal, that my Court career must end with that night of danger and still I felt no qualms of conscience. My tale of mystery, as he had pleased to term it, was a thing forgotten. He did not even think to ask himself the reason for my presence in his room. I had meant to tell him only a part of the truth, for I could reveal certain things without endangering the life of her whom I loved. Even this was to be spared me now, and I thank God the danger was so much the less. I was about to retreat from the torrent of abuse the Emperor was pouring on my unprotected head when there came a sudden calm more agonising than the fury of the storm of words, it was so deadly. He took me simply by the hand and his voice was filled with emotion. "Kerdrof," he said, you must forget the words I have spoken. Your careless- ness, despite its results, did not deserve them, and they could have no other justification. But it is better that you should go from among us for my sake and for your own. I could not see you without recalling this night's work, and the remembrance might bring about the death of either of us. Good-bye and may God rest with you." I felt that he was right, and yet the knowledge overwhelmed me. I could not find tongue to thank him. I could only press my lips to the hand he held out to me, and walk like a man dazed from the room. It was in this state that I threaded the corridors of the palace, and passed through its doors for the last time. In the courtyard I had run into my friend, Petritsky, before I was aware of anyone near me. " Diable !" he cried. " one would think there was an object in Timer The clock is running fast to-night, if one must judge by people's haste. When I came up to the palace Winowski drove away in a dinghey, as if he were late for a train, and a few minutes after Lukitch followed suit, swearing at the slowness of his horses. Now there's you. What's the trouble, Kerdrof ?" How I scorned them when he told me that the birds had flown! They had thought I had come to betray their plot- fools, doubly feels, that they were! How little they knew of the mystery of love-of its power, its possibilities P " The trouble, Petritsky ?" I repeated, gaily. "There is no trouble. My life is an unruffled stream of happiness. I leave for England to-morrow, night, and I shall not go alone. My wife will go with me. Perhaps you will come and see us off ?" I left him standing there in the helplessness of this amazement and strode off into the night, towards the haven that sheltered my love. Author's Note The Emperor Alexander II. was passionately fond of his children. He lost his first daughter (the younger is now Duchess of Edin- burgh) when she was but a child, and, after her death a plain cashmere frock that she had worn was always hung over the end of his bed. Whenever he played at cards- which was seldom he invariably sat opposite a life-size portrait of his mother who had instilled in him from childhood an inherent dread of gambling Royal Magazine. - 