CURRENT TOPICS. V Imperfect Perfection. Our fellow citizens of the lovely and accom plished sex are still on the road of progress with regard to the franchise. They are determined to. obtain it, and some of the more gallant and devoted of the other kind have joined hands with them in the en deavour. The latest move is the founda tion of a League for the promotion of the object in question. # # . Into the programme of this League several articles enter, and volumes might be written, as no doubt, -volumes will be talked about every one of them. None strikes us, however, as more important than the clause providing for a series of lectures and addresses. If within the im mediate future we do not become better acquainted with the capacities and rights . of women, it must be because of an inca pacity in ourselves to. receive instruc tions in supernal subjects, or possibly because no one is so hard to instruct as he who is not conscious of his own ignoiance.- From the "beginning' of the world, or at least from a date shortiy subsequent, women have been with us and it still remains that some of themselves, or some members of the sterner sex who are in . advance of their age, must instruct us as as to unknown points in which they excel. Women themselves of course have always been conscious of their superiority, and need no teaching. # . # And we confess that we have already recoivtju u wrm KA«. AII auhuuwicuuicuu that it was otherwise would be an avowal on our part of a shocking inherent impo liteness, almost amounting to a barbarism. But one of the speakers at the meeting to which we allude — that held last week in Perth for the foundation of the League — one, too, who professed himself a champion par excellence of the sex, that is Mr. S. H. Parker, Q.C., flatly giving . a contradiction to an accepted axiom, declared that as yet they had not reached perfection — that is so far as our own colony was concerned. . He had, he said, had personal experience of the results of the female franchise .in New Zealand, and " his opinion was that it had added an additional charm to the sex." # 4 # As nevertheless, the speaker described himself as only a visitor to the colony referred to, coulcl he certainly say that the ladies there, prior to the privilege con ferred upon them had not been as perfect in charms? It might have been the t climate, or the surroundings, or something else — possibly even a holiday disposition on the part of the visitor himself — that lent their charms in his eyes advantages over those that he had discerned elsewhere. That admission to the polling booth should paint the lily or add fresh perfume to the violet is not so easy to understand, # # # " What, moreover, would be more to the point is the . difference that Mr. Parker dis cerned in the men of New Zealand. Our ladies are already as charming as anyone, except perhaps the speaker — for every man to his taste, can desire that they should be ; it is those others in whom the im provement is desirable. None of us will deny that there is room for it there. And in fact, that is what we are promised — that failing which the female franchise must lose its raison d etre. ' We do not, however, oppose the privilege sought for. Experience we believe has proved it to be at least harmless. It is, too, in the current of the times, and to withstand it would be vain. W,e may be thankful that things are no worse. w v v So far, therefore, as the League is cap able of doing good we may wish it success. If, as Mr. Parker implies, our lovely and accomplished fellow citizens really have im perfect charms that need for their disclosure and amendment a series of lectures and addresses, the platform no doubt will be one worth while to sit under. The struggle in the 'The Primacy of Church of England re- Parliament. mains a prominent topic. Its introduction into Parliament indeed gives it a very special interest. The Government are evi dently determined to maintain the rights ' of the State and to provide that the ecclesiastical headship of the Queen shall be no dead letter, but shall be maintained as inviolable as it was in the days of the" Good Queen Bess. Her most gracious Majesty, however, is hardly likely to go to the length of her all too famous prede cessor and declare, with an oath, to any given member of the bench of Bishops that she has made him and can unmake him at her will. # # # # To see the Archbishop of Canterbury steaming back from Balmoral minus his mitre, would now cause some astonishment. The ghost of Jenny Geddes herself might stand aghast at the sight. But in those days such a stripping at Windsor would have had in it nothing more than the very rational-seeming fulfilment of a Royal right. The principle, nevertheless, re mains the same. The authority of Parlia ment — no ecclesiastical court, no divinely commissioned authority, may not inaptly replace the very terrestrial despotism of Queen Bess — whose motives were political only. . # # t Something better may now be the motive. Mr. A. J. Balfour, for example, no doubt is sincere in his belief expressed: in the House of Commons during the debate to which we refer — that on an amendment moved last week by Govern ment on a Bill dealing with the discipline of the Church and providing for an enforce ment of obedience on recalcitrant members of the clergy. Mr. Balfour we are told,- gave it as his opinion that the Church, established or disestablished, "would re tain the great majority of the people only in the event of its remaining the Church which was purified by the Reformation." Confident repetition of a fable really does appear to confound it even for intelligent peoplemore or less with truth. Even had the Church needed to be . purified, to separate from it," and establish on another foundation another structure with different doctrines, different rites, different govern ment, would not imply its purification, but a repudiation of it. & # # Nor are the members of the Anglican Church themselves agreed "as to what the purification they claim consisted in. Vari ance on the point in fact, as every one knows, is the cause of the present confusion. Whether the authority of Parliament will succeed in bringing about amended ondi- tions remains to be seen. # # # # < Meantime it .may interest us to learn why, as we are told was the case, a majority .of the Irish members voted with the Government on the matter. An intestine struggle in the Anglican Church could hardly have for them much political sig nificance. The interest of the matter no doubt is intensified, as we have said, by its introduction into Parliament, but it still remains in itself only the struggle of sectaries. The chief point is the determi nation shown by the Legislature to check a movement that appears more or less of a Catholic tendency. Those thousands of Varieties. converts to Protestant ism in Austria, of which some weeks ago we received such glowing accounts by, the cable, were confined it seems to the predictions of certain German politicians who themselves had gone that way. Ten thousand converts were pre dicted for Easter, of whom something over 700 turned up. The ca,use has been not religious — which, nevertheless, is not out of keeping with the history of the Protest ant sects — but political. It originated in a struggle of nationalities between the Bohemians and the Germans, and the cry was raised by agitators of the latter party against the Church, as taking the part of the Government. Protestant preachers from other States arrived on the scene to make hay while the sun shone— not being over-particular as to the nature of the grass, and obtaining a nominal adhesion of indifferent Catholics to the extent men tioned. Such is the interpretation of all that Reuterisin regarding the acceptance of Protestant salvation by all those thousands — chickens reckoned before they were hatched, and represented by not so many hundreds of addled eggs. J. L. Sullivan, the renowned pugilist, will pugilise no longer. J. L. .has become a convert of Mr. Moody, the far-famed evangelist, whom he met at a hotel in San Francisco, and now he says he will never get drunk any more or utter a swear- . word, or do anything unbecoming in a man and a brother. A rather interesting re- : mark made by Mi. Moody is also reported. "Mr. Moody says Sullivan's conversion is- one of the most genuine compliments he has ever received." But from whom has lie received the compliment, or from where? Even Mr,. Moody we may con clude hardly looks for compliments from lieiven, and as for J. L. Sullivan, the com pliment paid by him need not necessarily be very highly estimated. No one in fact need envy Mr. Moody the superannuated prize he has won from the ring, however complimentary it may be, or in whatever sense he may so consider it. \- . # # # There wa3 once — a good many years ago now — an interval during which in Dublin lawyers complained of the state of things obtaining in the four-courts. In one, they said, they could not be seen, the judge was old and blind ; in another they could not be heard, the judge was old and deaf; in a third they would not be heard, the judge was old and choleric. In our own Supreme Court his Honour no doubt is acute both as to sight and hearing. In temper he is certainly meek enough to put a pet lamb to shame. His Honour's con duct the other day in the case in which that interesting limb of the law, Mr. Smith, — henceforth also of Irish-pig asso ciations — so distinguished himself, must be acknowledged as winning for him the palm. As to the details of the case — well, a decent journalist owes a certain amount of respect to the columns of a decent news paper. We refer our readers if they are curious to the next drunken brawl they hear in the streets — that is, if the brawlers are abusive in their cups. But his Honour's " Now Mr. Smith " — " Really Mr. Smith," was the very perfection of judicial polite ness. Could those Dublin lawyers of the by-gone days have foreseen his Honour in a vision, the foretaste of such sweetness must have fortified them to endure the. rigours of their position, unless, perhaps, respect for their profession affected them with disgust. SIDE VIEW OF ST. JOHN OF GOD HOSPITAL; SUBIACO. 