Dreams and Dreamers. Tlio subject of dreams,' says tho Globe, has always boon fascinating to tho dabbler in soionco, and there aro fow ancient philosophers who havo not touched upon it in thoir works. Even now, with all tho wealth of modern science, wo havo arrivod at no clear under standing of tho matter — whence thoy come, or of what thoy aro compounded, Mauryand othors havo made thoir experiments : dreams havo boon stimulated by acting upon tno sonsos of a sloopor, by whispering in his ear, or tickling his lips ; but tho root of the matter has not yot beon approached. We can explain somo droams, but not all, and soienco has fathomed only a 'cortain class, and that tho simplost. Tho subject is Btill curious, inexplicable, loading towards superstition, It is not snrprising that tho ancients attomptod to interpret thoir fantasies ; that among tho Porsians droam - interpretation, or onoiro manoy, was an art fixed and defined by numorous rulea ; and that Btill later tho divino origin of droams fortnod part of tho doctrino of the early English Ohurch, In deed, sleop itself is still a mystory to us, nnd and ovon moi'o bo tho strange phantasmal sliapoB that visit us in tho hours of Bleop. Twin-brothor to Death, ho, too, lias ghosts of his own making — vaguo, shadowy forms, that might so oasily bo inBtinot with somo doop and hiddon moaning. Even if the credulous woro not nurturod on tales of droams that havo como truo, of murdors discovered (as that famouB ono of tho Rod Burn), and a troasuro brought to light by thoir agenoy, tlioro would yot bo Homo oxouso for suparstition, aud somo warrant for believing that suoli natural Booming apparitions hold a roul significance, Wo livo among miraoles, and ovon now tho human, race is prono to imagino an ocoult iniluonoo, Spiritualism and palmistry ' aro still rampant in .tlio laud ; thoro aro somo who profoss a belated faith ,in astrology. That dreams should conooal n divine moBBago was surely nn easier matter for crodonoe that any of thoso. Sir Thomas Browmo, that bo inquisitivo phyuioian, found in droams a subjoot, worthy of his disouroivo gonitis. Ho has notod ono faot — if it bo afaot — that wo do notromombor to liavo seen olsowliero ; that wo ofton droam of big tilings, soldom of small. ( His explana tion is dolighlfully oharaotoristio of this mastor of analogy : for ' fantastical ohjoots,' ho says, ' being boliold in the' vaporous stato of sleop, onlargo thoir diameters unto us.' Why the stato of sloop should bo ohnraoterisod as ' vaporous' — tho word on whioh his wliolo analogy is founded — is not so oloar to us, Browno had not groat boliof in tho intornro tation of droams, ?' A ^ood part of our sloop js poorod out with visions of fnntastioal objects, whoroin wo aro ooiifusodly doooived, Tho day aupplioth us with trutliB i tho night with fictions and falsehoods, whioh un comfortably divide tho nntural account of our boings,' And yot 1 ho held tlmt i Aristoilo .unreasonably doubted tliftt -there could bo i divino dreams. If we opa havo doqponiaaal j dreams, aB fow doubt, why not also angelioal? But ho returns again to tho materialistic view, that ' tho thoughts or actions of tho day aro acted ovor and eohood in the night,' and that ' virtuouB thoughts of tho day lay up good troasureB for the night.' Dreaming ia oommon to most mon, ono would supposo, but thero aro no doubt cortain minds mora roadily disposed to it than othors. According to Herodotus, tho Atlantes never droamod. Montaigne .waB, by his own confession, aa infrequent dreamer, but, , when he did, his dreams woro ohoorful and fantastic, Hazlitt, the essayist, droamod rarely ; and it was perhaps for that reason that ho failed to approciato tho moro oxtravagant parts of th# ' Arabian Nights.' Coleridge and Dor Quinoey, if we can judgo from' ICubla Khan'' and the ' Opium Bator,' woro both great hands at dreaming. Indoed, tho imaginative mind Bhould bo ospeoially liable to this habit as Lamb says, who instances the story of aa old gentleman who was wont to ask budding poets tho question : ' Yoiing man, what sorb of droams liavo you P' Lamb Jiimsolf confossos to a poor and prosaio imagination in this rospoot, ' I ooa foss an occasional nightmaro, ho saya, ' but I do not, aB in early youth, keop a stud of ' thom.' And again: ' For tho credit of my imagination, I am almost ashamed to say how-' tamo and prosaio my droams havo grown. . . . Tho poverty of my dreams mortifios mo.' It is likoly enough that this was aotunlly tho caso, for Lamb's gonius was rathor fanciful tlinn imaginative. 