Comic Culiinj?s» He: " My views on bringing up a family are " She : " Never mind your views, I'll bring up the family. You go and bring up the coal." A German student, wrestling with tbe English language, ts said to have rendered a text as follows :—" The ghost 1s willing, but the meat is feeble." "People talk about presence of mind, when and where most needed, 4c," sold a young physician to a company of older graveyard fillers at Cambridge the other dny. " I can tell where it Is most reeded." " Where ?" asked one of tbe company with a sneer. " Where I Why, in a lunatic asylum, of course." They gave him a diploma. An old woman, who bad a chronic habit of sleeping In church, called at seat-letting time upon the treasurer of the congregation. " I have come to pay for my seat." she said, laying down her money. " Yer seat ?" returned the treasurer, who waB a bit of a wag. " Losh, I think, Janet, you mean yer bed." Mother : " How did your face get that strained, agonised look In your photograph ? Did the light hurt your eyes ?" Small Son : " No. ma. The man told me to try to keep still, an' I did." Wilkle: " I suppose you're goln' to church merely to show oft your new bonnet," Mrs. Wilkle (sweetly) : " Not that entirely. I'm wan tin' to see the bonnets the ither wnmpn hev as weel." Oculist (to countryman) : " Well, what can I do for you ?" Countryman : " If you please, air, I want ye to pull a tooth out" Oculist: •' My good man, you must go to a dentist My business concerns the eye only." Countryman t " Well, sir, it's an eye tooth I" Blanche: " Isabel, what has put you In such a bad humour ?" Isabel : " WTiy, I've just had s( communication from Jack, and he writes such a horrid hand tbat I can't tell whether It is a proposal, an Easter carol, or that cure for chilblains he promised to send me." Mistress (to Scotch servant): " Janet I fear my mind's beginning to go." Janet (who has not a high opinion of her mistress's mental powers) : " I wadna say. mum : but there's ae consolation, it hasna far to gang." Author : " Help me out with this. I don't want to say her cheeks were as red as a rose." Friend : •• Say they were as red as her nose." Various animals lend their mite to make up English words—e.g., man-npement. dog-matlsm, cat-egory, chronology, duc-tlllty, and ratification. Mr. Mumblechook (singing) : " Bid me good-bye and go " Miss Effle Sharp: " If you're going to sing It like that on the night they won't atop to bid you good-bye." No Change.—"Well, doctor, how do Vou find my mother-in-law to-day ?•" " She's much better, but her tongue's bad." " It always waB." Friends.—Eva : " Is It true that Captain Woolley kissed you In the Conservatory last night ?" Marlon : " Certainly not 1 I Bhould Just like to see him try such a thing." Eva: "I quite believe you, my dear." Promising Boy.—"Tm afraid you'll never learn much at this rate. Now today we'll change places : you'll be mother and I'll be Tommy." Me be mother !" " Yes ; you are mother, and now for lessons." " Oh, as you're such a good little girl you can go and playthere will be no lessonB to-day." A Question of Terms.—Ml?s Fitz-Hyde (In quest or an engagement) : " What salary ? Well, eighteen guineas a week." Manager: "Take off the odd pounds and I'll engage you." They closed. Clara : •• I wonder ir It Is true tbat one Is likely to catch something from being kissed." Maud : "Of course not. You've been kissed enough, but you haven't caught anything yet, have you 7" Tommy : " Do you say your pro vers every night ?" Jimmy : " Yep." "And does your maw say hers ?" " Y«-D " "And does your paw ?" "Naw. Paw •don't need to. » It's almost daylight when he gets to bed." "Oh mamma," cried five-year-old Dorothy. " I'm Just as full of glory as I can be !" " What do you mean ?" inquired her mother with natural surprise " Why-ee," said Dorothy, " there was a •sunbeam right on my spoon, and I swallowed It with my oatmeal, mamma!" And you reject my offer ?" he said to her Intensely. " TOu refuse to be thn one woman in nil the world to me 7" "' I'm afraid so," she confessed rather kindly, for she meant well. "Then I have but one thing to say to you madam," he said, reaching for his hat. "I am sure you have my permission to say that. What is it ?" He drew hlmself up to his full height. " There are others," he replied haughtily, and passed out of the game. 