CONGREG ATLONAL UJNION. .....i~- -4 THE PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS. Rev. R. A. Tho;up5se, BA.:, :the new piesident, deiivreed his address in the Davey-street Church on Tuesday. bc fore a large audieace. It was as fol lows: CIIHRIST AND THE CHURCH. The ancient creed which is recited every week by large numbers of our countrymen contains this declaration:--"I believe in the Holy Catholic Church." One remem bers, as a boy, brought up to other modes of worship, joining occasionally In the liturgy of the Prayer Book. The earlier arts of the rerred seemed to present no difficulty. But when it came to these words about the Holy Catholic Church, one felt some hesitation. Did Congreg: tionalists belong to the Holy Catholic Church? Did they believe in it? Was it not rather an institution they had learnt to regard with some distrust? Since those days one has learnt that the word catholic means simply "universal," and the difli culty has disappeared. We can say that clause of the Apostles' Creed with as much heartiness as any other. By -the Holy Catholic Church we understand the Church in the New Testament sense-not any par ticular institution, but the Church in all the churches, the whole community of the faithful, the Church universal. To this Holy Catholic Church Congregationalists, as well as other Christians, belong. It could not be really the Catholic or Uni versal Church if it e::cluded any true followers of the Lord Jesus Christ. In this Holy Catholic Chjirch Congregation alists, as well as other Christians, believe. None have better reason to believe in it than they. .We believe in the Holy Catho lic Church. We believe also in the not less Holy Local Church. Every fellow ship of believers, drawn and held together by common devotion to Christ, we call a church. In the New Testament we find local churches, as well as the church illocal or universal. In such churches, of which we are members, we believe, and -we have the best reason to believe. It is possible, we think, to make too much of church, and of faith in a church. This is done when a church is called the Church, and is put between the soul and the Saviour. We believe in the Church, but not as we believe in "God the Father Almighty, and in Jesus Christ his only Son our Lord." We do not commit our selves for salvation to the Church, but to Christ. He alone can save us, though in the Church he provides much that ministI'rs to our salvation. Too much is made of the Church when it is put above Christ himself in authority as a teacher. "Hear the Church" can be turned into a universal conmmandment only by mutilating and misapplying the words of the Master. The divine voice heard on the M?ount of Transfiguration points us to one whose authority is higher than that of the Church-"This is my beloved Son in whom I am well pleased: hear ye him" - (Matthew xvii. 5). We believe first and supremely in Christ. And because we believe in Christ we believe also in the Church, which is his creation. Christ first; then the Church because of Christ. That we think is the right order, and we are care ful to maintain it. Taking due care thus to give Christ himself the pre-emi nence, we may unhesitatingly affirm our faith in the Church We believe in the Holy Catholic Church, in its divine origin, its high functions, its glorious destiny. We believe also in the local Church, in its divine origin, in its spiritual endowment, and in its organic efficiency. As Dr. Berry, so suddenly taken from us, to our heavy loss, said in his memorable address front the chair of the Congregational Union two years ago--"We Congregationalists are Churchmen as opposed to individualists." "Congregationalism is grounded in the affirmation of the Church." Now, if some, in ways we have indicated, are mak ing too much of the Church, or rather of their particular Church, it is certain that others are making too little of the Church, and of the particular churches to which they belong. This Is, perhaps, our danger. We may make far too little of the Church and of our churches. If we believe in Christ we must believe also in the Catholic or Universal Church. For all who believe in Christ are members of this redeemed society. It was a society he redeemed. He came to found a king dom. In the words of a masterly exponent of Free Church principles, "Our union with Christ is a communion of saints. If he be but master of you, then he is not a king. He is not a king who has but one subject." (Forsyth, Charter of the Churches, p. 64.) If we believe in Christ, we must believe also in the local Church. There is no room in the Christian scheme of salvation for unattached Christians. "We are saved, as units, from being units, into a redeemed community, which must constantly take effect as a visible society." (Ibid, p. 63.) It is the will of Christ that all those who believe in him should be organised into churches. So absolutely necessary to salvation is Christian fellow ship, that in a very true sense it may be said, "Outside the Church there is no salvation." As Dale used to insist, '"Fel lowship with other Christian men is almost as necessary to us as fellowship with God himself." (Life of Dale, p. 244.) "Con gregationalism is anxious," be said "that men who are Christians should realise in their church life Christ's own concep lion of what their church life should be; and we believe that only by restoring the true conception of the Christian Church is there any chance of Christianising the Unglish people, and that the Church exists at once for the discipline of Christian per fection and the evangelisation of mankind." (Ibid., p. 353.) We have a noble Church theory, but do we take our theory in earnest? There is no doubt that certain of our fellow-Christians believe very heartily in their Church. . It lays hold of them, of their imagination, of their affections, of their energies, of their devo tion. We think we have a truer .idea of the Church than they. Then let us believe inour Church with not less earnest ness and devotion than they exhibit towards theirs. "Our supreme duty to day," says. Dr. Berry in his chairman's address, "is not merely to expound our principles, but ki live them; to talk less of the scripturalness, and work more for the spirituality of our churches; to be more careful for the embodiment and pra, tice of our doctrine, than for its assertion and defence." Others may need, as we -think, to re'vise their idea of the Church. We certainly need to revive obrs. In the hope of suggesting some thoughts that moay help towards a revival of'the Church idea among us I have taken .as my sub ject, "Christ and the-Church." "I speak," says St. Paiml, in concluding a passage of rare sublimity, "I speak concerning Christ and the Church." (Ephesians, v. 32.) With your permission, I wish, as I may be enabled, to say something concern ing "Christ and the ·Church;:" I. How shall we revive our idea of the Church? By rememberlng Christ's relation to its life. (a) Christ holds the supreme place in the Church, and In every Church. as its founder. Our Lord hinlself said very little about the Church. His name ·for the society he had come ·to establish was the Kingdom. He spoke continually about the Kingdom of God, or the IKingdom of Heaven. The word church occurs only twice in his recorded teaching. It is to the Apostles we owe most of our church doctrine. Some seem to lamelnt thle pas sage from Christ's Idea of the Kingdom to the- Apostolic conception of the Church as a lapse from higher to lower. "With all respect to ths great Apostle," says Dr. John W?.els?p, 'one ,'ay be allowed to express his regret that St. Paul had not said less about the Church and more about the Kingdom. ("Mind of the Master," p. 321.) It is) true that Christ himself said little about the Church. But it is beyond question that he established it. We may owe to the Apostles our doctrine of the Church; but we owe the Church itself to their Master. Paul wrote a great deal about the Church. He had much to do with the formation of churches in many places. But in all he wrote and did he felt himself to be simply the agent of another. The Church was the c'rea tion of Christ. Every cospany of be lievers, drawn together through Paul's preaching in common devotion to Church, owed its existence as a Church to the will of Christ. He was its founder. Apart from his action it could never have come into being. This is equally true of our churches to-day. They exist by the will of Christ. He is the Supreme Person in every church as its founder. The humblest fellowship of men and women, united by common love to Christ, owes its existence as a church to hint alone. Unless he established it, unless devotion to his per son and obedience to his will are the bonds that have drawn it together, no society is rightly called a Christian Church. If he has founded it, if faith in hhn as Lord and Saviour is the ground of its being, then, not matter how few and uninfluential its members, no matter how unpretentious its place of. meeting, this little fellowship of believers takes rank with the largest and most imposing as a Church of Christ. The Church is "constituted by'tho presence of Christ in his spirit, and by nothing else." "Wher ever two or three are gathered together in his name, there Christ is: and where Christ is, there is the Church.:' Dale was walking one day in the neighbour hood of Ullswater with Dr. Abbott, of the City of London School.. "-He asked me, with an expression of astonishment and incredulity," says Dale, "whether I really thought that if the shepherds of Patter dale-a dozen or score of them-deter mined to constitute themselves a Congre gational Church, it wts possible for such a church to fulfil the purposes for which churches exist. To such a question there could be but one answer. Great natural sagacity, high intellectual culture, however admirable, are not essential; it is enough, if when they meet, they really meet in Christ's name-but no man can say that Jesus is the Lord, but by the Holy Ghost." ("Life of Dale," p. 247.) In the humblest church, comnposed of men and women meet ing in the nalme of Christ, we have a supernatural society, which owes its being to Christ himself as founder. To revive our idea of the Church, need we do more than remember that? (b) Christ holds the supreme place in the Church, and in every church, as its living head. To call Christ the Founder of the Church is inadequate. He is both Founder and Foundation. I ask, who was the founder of a certain institution, and am told the name of some philanthropist, remembered indeed for his good works, but long since dead and gone. The management and support of the institution have been left to others, and it goes on very well without its founder. This is not the case with the Christian Church. The founder of this institution is also its foundation. The building needs and has a foundation that endures. The Church's one foundation Is Jesus Christ her Lord, And Christ is more than the enduring foundation. He is the living head of every church. That is why our churches claim to be independent of outside control. They are independent of human authority, because they are absolutely dependent on the divine will of Christ, their living head. Christ is present in every church - not merely as a 'gracious and hallowing memory, but as a living and governing person. In vision, John saw seven golden candlesticks, and in the midst of the seven candlesticks one like unto the Son of Man, before whose august appearance the apostle fell as dead. (Rev. i. 12.) The seven candlesticks symbolised the seven Churches of Asia, and in the midst moved the majestic figure of the exalted Christ, observing, trimming, replenishing each lamp. The Christ of John's vision is in the midst of the churches to-day. We have to do with him as churches. And he deals with each church directly. His presence leaves no room for priest or pre late. Christ himself is the living head of the Church and of every church. (c) The last word has not been said about Christ's relation to the life of the Church when he has been recognised as its founder and as its living head. The Church is his body. He is to the Church what the life is to the human frame. Without his indwelling presence a church is dead. We are members of the Church only as we are members .also of Christ. The Church has life only as its members live in Christ and Christ in them. This inti mate relation of the living Christ to the life of our churches is in itself enough to give dignity and sanctity to our church life. To revive our idea of the Church, need we do more than revive our sense of Christ's presence in every Christian fellowship as its Founder, its Head, its very Life? II. How shall we revive our idea of the Church? By remembering Christ's relation .to its worship. Christ holds the supreme place in the Church, and in every church, as the present object of its worship. It is very wonderful that he who during his earthly life himself prayed to the Father and worshipped within a short time of his death became to his disciples an object of worship. Yet this is the fact. When their Master was finally parted from them and carried up into heaven, his dis ciples "worshipped him, and returned to Jerusalem with great joy." That worship was different from the momentary acts 'of obeisance into which they had been surprised now and again during his earthly ministry by some startling display of his superhuman power. ,They knew him now to be no less than Lord and God, and as such they made him henceforth, to gether with the Father he had revealed and the Spirit he had promised, the ob ject of their continual worship. They worshipped him as present, although a cloud had received him out of their sight. He had passed beyond the range of their senses, but not beyond the reach of their prayers. The first disciples understood the .ascension of their risen Lord as a symbol. It had not removed from them the object of their faith and worship. The change it symholised was not local, but spiritual-a change of state, and. not of place. Christ was as really. present with them as before. Indeed, he had only withdrawn his bodily presence that bhe might come to them in a more intimate communion of spirit. They did not feel that they had lost their Master a second time by his ascension, as they had seemed to lose him at his death. "They wor shipped him, and returned to Jerusalem with great joy." "They felt," says Dale, "that the symbolic ascent of his visible form into the skies was no real severance of Christ from his disciples upon earth. That ascent revealed to them that his home was with God, but he had already revealed to them that his home was with them." (Dale, "Christ a.lnd the Future Life," p. 152.) So the first Christians found in the risen and ascended Christ the present ohjcct of their worship. "They worshipped him, and returned to Jerusalem with great joy." And from that day they continued-to make the ascended "but not absent Christ the object of their adora tion. The letters of Pliny give us one glimpse of the early Christian Church in Asia MIinor at the beginning of the second century. Pliny was Governor of Bithynia, 103-105 A.D. He wrote to the Emperor ''Trajn for advice about some Christians who had been brought before his' tribunal. "These Clristians," he says in his letter to the Emperor, "declared that their of. fence or crime was summed up in this that they met on a stated day before day treask, and addressed a form of prayer to Ch';lot as to a divinity, binding themselves by a .olemn oath, not for any wicked purpose, but never to commit fraud, theft, cr adultery, never to break their word, .:, t' dey .a trust, s'hen called upon to deliver it up, after which it was their custom to separate, and then to reassemble and to eat together a harmless meal. ("Pliny Letters," p. 153.) "They met and addressed a form of prayer to Christ as to a divinity or God." That was the Timbstahce of their offence. They still looked to Christ as the living and present object of their faith and homage. And still to-day, after eighteen more centuries, it is the same living and ever-present Christ to whom we offer worship and plcdge our loyal obedience. He is still present where two or three meet to wor ship him. He is still the object of our worship, ascended indeed, but not absent. Let us not fear in all our worship to give Christ the centialnand supreme place. We cannot make our worship too strictly and definitely Christian. If ever our ser vices seem to lack the note of sanctity and reality, if ever they appear wanting in dignity and impressiveness, is it not because we are forgetting that Christ, though ascended, is not absent, that he is still as present to receive the praises and to answer the prayers of his people, as when first the cloud received him out of the sight of his wondering and wor shipping disciples. When we worship the living Christ we worship also the Father and the Holy Spirit, with whom in the mystery of the Blessed Trinity he is one. But it is Christ who makes the object of worship real and distinct to our thought and feeling. Only through Christ can we worship the Father intelligently and heartily. For Christ both reveals the Father, and is the way.to him. "What a dim shadow," says Maurice, "what a dim shadow, thrown, it would seem, from our own minds, has often been before us when we were kneeling before the Majesty of Heaven." Most of us, I sup pose. have known times when the God we try to worship has seemed vague and distant. But have not these been times when we have lost the sense of Christ's presence? God is no dim shadow when we make the Risen and Ascended Christ the object of our adoration, and come to the Father through him. Dean Stanley has remarked in "Dr. Arnold of Rugby," as a key to the right understanding of his whole character, "the peculiar feel ing of love and adoration which he en tertained towards our Lord Jesus Christ." Quoting Arnold's own words,his biographer says: "In that unknown world in which our thoughts become instantly lost" it was his real support and delight to re member that "still there is one object on which our thoughts and imaginations may fasten, no less than our affections; that amidst the light, dark from excess of brilliance, which surrounds the throne of God, we may yet discern the gracious form of the Son of Man." "In that con sciousness, which pressed upon him at times even heavily, of the difficulty of con sidering God in his own nature, believ ing, as he did, that Providence, the Su preme Being, the Deity, and other such terms, repel us to an infinite distance," I. t was to him a thought of per haps more than usual comfort to feel that "Our God" is "Jesus Christ our Lord, the image of the invisible God," and that "In him is represented all the fulness of the Godhead, until we know even as we are known." (Stanley's "Life of Arnold," p. 17.) Nothing, it seems to me, will do more to restore to our church life the note of sanctity and reality than the recovery of a vivid sense that "our God" is "Jesus Christ our Lord," and that he is present to receive our worship whenever we gather together in his name. The desire to make worship attractive has been noticeable in many quarters of late. It is right that our services should be made as attractive as possible.• W3 have given perhaps too slight attention to such aids to devotion as may be sup plied by architecture and music and litur gical form. But none of these external aids, neither noble architecture, nor exquisite singing, nor Impressive liturgy, nor all these things combined, can. make worship attrac tive. We cannot make worship attrac tive. The supreme attractiveness of worship is found In the person of Christ, whom we adore. When a service proves dull and unimpressive, is it not because we have failed to find-perhaps have even neglected to seek-his presence? The living Christ present in the midst of his people is the supreme and sufficient attraction. He only can make worship a delight. Yet how often in our services we think of everybody else present, of the preacher, of the choir, of the man in the next pew, and we go away having given scarcely a thought to him w.ho is present always as the object of our. worship, and whose grace alone can make it a joy and a profit to our souls? We can do without noble architecture and exquisite singing and stately ritual; but without the real presence of the living Christ we cannot do. His presence we have in the heart of each true worshipper, and in the midst' of all. To revive our ideas of the Church, need we do more than realise this? Not only as the object of our faith and adoration is the livingChrist with us in our churches; he is present also in the energy of his holy spirit, the inexhaustible source of every gracious influence, the fountain of 3 every spiritual power. In our worship 1 we, of course, have an active part to take. 1 We come to offer praise and prayer to God our Saviour. But are we to think of ourselves alone as active? Christ surely has his part in our worship. He is pre sent to receive our homage. He is present also to bestow on us the riches of his Sgrace. In our acts of devotion we give infinitely less than we. are meant to re I ceive. What, indeed, have we at our best to give? Weak is the effort of my heart, And cold my warmest thought. We could not worship at all but that the Spirit "helpeth our infirmities." Christ himself assists and answers our prayers. Whilst we think of ourselves and of our own part in worship we may well be depressed by the sense of its feebleness. But thinkle of Christ and of his part. Be live that in the humblest gathering of Christian people, in the least pretentious building, even in one of those "worship sheds'' which have lately provoked epis copal scorn, believe that Christ himself, the living Christ, is present and active, and you will no longer complain that wor ship lacks dignity and impressiveness and spiritual power. We object to the use of the crucifix-not only because it is a kind of idolatry, but because it misrepre sents the object of our worship. The Christ we adore is not on the cross. He is on his throne. He is not dying or dead. He is the living Saviour odf all who call upon him in truth. . He is not separated from us by an interval of many centuries. He is present in our midst whenever we gather in his name. Oh, show me not my Saviour dying, As on the cross he bled, Nor in the tomb, a captive lying, For he has left the dead. Then bid me not that form extended For my Redeemer own, Who, to the highest. heavens ascended, In glory fills the throne. We have believed too faintly in the real presence of the living Christ in his churches. If we have not his real pro sence and 'active help when we meet for worship, then our meeting is vain. We speak into the empty air. The Lord's Supper was instituted as a memorial of the Saviour's death. "As often as ye eat this bread, and drink this cup, ye do show the Lord's death till he come." (1 Cor. :i. 26.) But the Lord's Supper was meant to be and is more than a memorial feast. If Jesus, when he died, had passed from our earth as other good men have done, leaving nothing blut the influence of his wonderful words, and the memnory of his spotless life, his followers might still have met and observed this rite. They might lhave remembered Jesus as we remember friends that have gone, recalling with fond affection their wise words and kindly deeds. In that case the service would have been entirely different from what it is. The Apostle~ did not rememrber Jesus as they remembered John the Baptist, as we re member Christian saints who have died and gone from us. They never thought of Christ as dead or absent; they knew him to be living and present among them. The Lord's Supper was to them a service of Holy Communion with a living and .present Saviour, not a memorial of one who was dead and gone. When they took the bread and wine they believed that the living Christ was present to give them what ever these elements symbolised. Had he not said, "Except ye eat the flesh of the Son .of Man, and drink his blood, ye have no life in you?" (John vi. 53.) We do not believe in any magical change of material substances into the very body and blood of Christ. But in the real presence of Christ, not less real because it is spiritual, we do believe; and that he is pleased, through his own ordinance of the Supper, in a special way to nourish the spiritual life of those who trust in -him. We come to the Lord's table to receive. It is needful, then, that we come not only with a "true penitant heart," but also with "a lively faith" in him whose life, given to us as well as for us, is symbolised in what we eat and drink. In our protest against a real presence that is gross and carnal, we must not become indifferent to the spiritual presence of him, apart from whom our worship is vain, and the Christian life itself impossible. In our recoil from materialistic conceptions of the Eucharist,'lt is to be feared that many of us have gone to the other extreme. We have done less than justice to the Divine ordinance of the Supper. By tacking it on to the ordinary -service as a mere adden dum, and by hurrying through it so quickly as scarcely to allow time for real' com munion, we have inflicted serious loss on ourselves and on our church life. At no time is a church more likely to rise to a due sense of its sanctity and dignity than when its members gather round the table of their Lord. We shall do much towards the revival of the Church idea among us if, while guarding ourselves carefully against sacerdotal error, we yet en deavour to give to the Lord's Supper the meaning and importance it has in the tilought and purpose of him who instituted it, who is still personally present as host at his own table. III. How shall we revive our idea of the Church? By remembering Christ's relation to its work. Christ holds the supreme place in every church as the director of its work. Churches exist for work as well as for worship. We are called to service not less than to salvation. Every Christian man. has his sphere and his appoin ed work for Christ. And each church has also its place and work as a church. Paul speaks of the Church as the body of Christ. This figure shows very beautifully the mutual interdependence of Christians, who are all members of one body, and therefore members one of another. It also declares the intimate connec tion between Christ and the Church. Something has been said already about the Church's dependence on Christ. We may learn also from this figure Christ's dependence upon the Church. What the body does for the spirit of a man, that the Church is to do for the living but unseen Saviour. Through it he acts upon the world, continuing and completing the work which he began during his earthly ministry. For Christ's work in the world is not yet done. The cross marks a begin ning rather than an end. "It is finished," cried the dying Redeemer. But his finished work on the cross only liberated the divine energies by which he was to accomplish the full redemption of man kind. Christ still carries on his saving work, and he uses the Church as his agent. No church is meant to live, or "indeed can live, wholly for itself. As one has said, L "The church that shuts itself in will soon shut itself up." As churches we need a quickened conscience like the felt presence of the living Christ. "Lord, what wilt thou have me to do?" was the cry of Paul when he felt himself. for the first time face to face with the risen Lord. This will be our cry as churches as soon as we realise the personal presence of Christ among us as the living director of our work. And the prayer will find an answer. Christ has some work for every church, as well as for every Christian, to do. One remembers that there were things our Lord himself re fused to do, and that there are things with which the Church, while thoroughly loyal to her head, may decline to interfere. "Man, who made me a judge or a divider over you?" asked our Lord, when they would have made him arbitrator in a dispute about property. He refused to act in that capacity. There was higher work for him to do. And there are many questions on which her advice is sought which the Church may wisely leave alone. Apart from these doubtful matters Christ has abundance of work for every church to-do. He cared for the sick and poor; and still he cares for them. Every church in its ministries to. the distressed and needy is carrying on the work of him who went about doing good. Christ cared supremely for the spiritual welfare of men; and for that he still cares supremely. To preach the Gospel to the spiritually poor of every class is the work he has specially com mitted to the churches. To revive our sense of responsibility, we need but to realise his presence as director of our church work. He will quicken the conscience and enlighten the understanding of his Church, showing us clearly what he will have us do, and how. "The church meeting," it has been said, "is the supreme occasion in our church life." How often we fail to make it this. The attendance is not large, the business seems trivial and uninteresting. But take the church meeting, even as it is at its poorest and realise that it is a church meeting. Look round at this little gathering, and ask yourself what distinguishes it from an ordinary association. As far as out- ward appearance goes, it might be the meeting of a social or literary club. What malkes it a church? Nothing but the pre scnce of Christin the heart of eachil and in the midst of all. Believe that these men and women are members of Christ's body, and that Christ himself is present through his Spirit, to answer their prayers, to preside over their deliberations, to determine and sanction their decisions, to empower them in all their undertaklings-believe this, and the smallest church meeting assumes at once its true dignity and importance. No meeting of a church is fully consti- tuted by the members who are visibly present, and the minister who presides. The most important person, he whose presence constitutes the church and gives validity to its proceedings is not seen. This is our theory. It is simple and scriptural. Let us dare to believe it. Let us not dare to believe anything less than it. What Dr. Fairbairn says of the Apostolic churches is equally true of ours:— "The most gracious sanctities, the severest authorities, the highest dignities belonged to the Church, not through any official priesthood-for there was none but through the personal relation to Christ of the men who formed it, and his presence in their midst." (Christ in Modern Theology, p. 522.) To quicken our sense of Christ's presence and of his intimate relation to the ework, the worship, and the life of our churches, seems to me the one thing needful for the revival among us of the Church idea. IV. From, what has been said it will appear that we must revise our idea of Christ if we would revive our idea of the Church. It is only by recovering a true conception of what Christ is and is doing for the Church to-day that we are likely to restore to our church life its true note of reality and sanctity. . "Back to Chrlist" has been a cry fruitful of great good to the thought and life of Christendom. Through the patient and laborious researches of Christian scholars inspired by this watchword, we have come to know, perhaps better than was ever known before, what manner of man Jesus was. For this kinowledge we ought to be profoundly thankful. It is of the very highest interest and value. But is it of itself enough? Certainly we need to Iknow as accurately and fully as possible what Jesus waes, and what hesaid and did. But we need even more to know what Chlrst is and what he does. A Welsh preacher illustrated the thorough humanity of our Lord by a reference to the Stephen son celebration at Newcastle. The long procession which marched through the streets in honour of the great inven tor was wound up by a company of working men who bore a banner with the inscription, "He was one of us." "At the last day," said the preacher, "when the angels and archangels celebrate the triumph of our Lord, none of them will be able to say that. But from this little village of earth the redeemed will come, and on the banner they bear may be the inscription, 'Christ was one of us.' " Yes, Christ was one of us. But he is infinitely more. And it will be the sense of what he is, joined with the memory of what he was, that will thrill our hearts at that last great day of triumph. As Christians and as churches we are even more con cerned with what Christ is than with what he was. It is not what he did only, but what he is now doing that saves us. Because he lives, not because he lived, we have life also. The cry "Back to Christ" seems to have misled some, and may mis lead us. We have not to travel back over a long space of centuries to get to Christ. He does not belong to the first century exclusively, but to the nineteenth, and to the twentieth, and to every century. Let us not say, "Back to Christ," but "Up to Christ." For Christ is living, here and now, in every Christian heart and in every Christian church. "Lo," he says, "I am with you in all the days, even unto the end of the world." "One of Dale's later letters -I quote from his biography-recalls the rapture that came to him with the dis covery that Christ was alive; for weeks, he says, he could think of nothing else, could preach about nothing else. The first fervour abated, but to the end of his ministry the thought of the living Christ remained dominant over him.", (Life, p. 230.) Perhaps Dale rendered no greater service to the churches than by trying to rmake the thought of the Living Christ dominant also over them. "To revive in the Church a fuller consciousness of its mysterious dignity and a truer conception of its great purpose: to rekindle the faith that Christ not only guides his Church and watches over it, but is actually present in the midst of it. This," says his biographer, "seemed to him at that time the one task to which he had been set." (p. 247.) It was a noble task, and nobly was it done. In this address, as will be abundantly evident to all, I have attempted little more than to restate in a very imperfect way some points of Dale's teaching about Christ and the Church. The effort will however, not be altogether valueless if, through my feeble words, there reaches the churches of this Union some echo, how. ever faint, of his stirring voice. In the pages of his biography, which has lately reached us, this greatest of mriodern Con gregationalists seems to speak to us one last message from the. unseen. It is the same inspiring truth which was the burden of his preaching while he lived. Christ is alive. Christ is pre sent in the Church and in every true church, the source and sustainer of its lifG, the object and inspirer of its worship, the living director of its work. Let such a conception of Christ possess us, and we shall be inl little danger of missing the true note of sanctity and reality in our church life and procedure. It is with this living and glorified Christ we have to do. Let us exalt him to his right place in our thought and worship, and say with the ancient Church "Thou art the King of Glory, O Christ. Thou art the everlasting Son of the Father . Thou sittest at the right hand of God In the glory of the Father. . O Lord, save thy people, and bless thine heritage. Govern them and lift them up for ever." 