THE SPECTRE OE WYDCOMBE GRANGE. By AETHUE- W. MABCHMONT, B.A., Author of "By Bight of Sword," "Sir Jaffray's- Wife,," 'Tarson Thring's . Secret, &c.;, &c.; •' [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] ~ Chris Quennell sat in a corner of the comfortable third-class carriage in the Mid land Express as it tore its way northward. She was enjoying her journey across the winter landscape, and a magazine and some papers lav on her lap unheeded as she gaz ed out of'the window She was gifted with a great capacity for enjoying life, and the object of her pre sent journey both interested and amused her. Now and again a smile flitted across her" regular but expressive features as she tried to picture the kind of reception m store for her and how Christmas would be SPfjers was an unusual mission enough— she was going north in search of a hus ^Marking her place in the magazine was a letter die had read more than once, deeming it well worth studying, since it might turn the whole current of her life. '"My dear Margaret." It was written to Mrs. Quennell by a wealthy brother, a widower, who had not made the least effort to help the family, though he knew of the struggle they had had after Mr, Quennell's family. "My dear Margaret— You have asked me several times to help vou, and I am going to do it now—that is if you like the notion.. Eleanor (this was his late wife), "had a scamp of a brother whom, like a woman, she imagined she loved. He died years ago and left a biff(Ter scamp of a son ^Maurice Gresham, and Eleanor, when she died, asked me to help him if I could. People seem to look on me as a sort of amateur relieving officer. This young fellow lias now done what his father's son was sure to do—ruin ed himself, and like men in that.condition, ' concludes it is time . he marriefl. Its a sour remedy sometimes and generally use less; but it may pay in this case. If you like to sen'd your eldest daughter, Ohrtsta bel—I choose 'her because I like the name —up to me for a month I'll .have the scamp here; and if they hit it off for the sake of the money, and she thinks she can cure liini, I'll give him £10,000 to live on and do more when I die and don t want i't myself. If after a month she deems the scamp too dear at the price 111 give her £500 as a reward for her prudence. I've never' seen the fellow, so she must iudge for herself- But she stands to win anyway. If she decides to come, just, wire me and pack her off as soon as ]>ossible. If she decides not to come, write. "I shall go, mother, of course, said Chris promptly, the moment she heard the letter. ~ "Not to marry /the scamp,' dear, but to earn that £500." "You've no things, child," said the mother, a somewhat helpless woman, whom the struggle with the world had wonvout "Things, dearie? What things shall I want, shut up in a rambling, ramshackle, old hill house in Cumberland? Ill just take such frocks as we can make, passable in a day's sewing, and I'll start to-morrow. Think what lots .of things. £500 will do. for us all." , ,; . ' 'T "I wish you could win over your uncle Gregorv," said: the mother weakly, adding a little' nervously after a moment s pause, "I wonder what this , young Gresham s ^ "Don't think ' I'm going, 'for " that, mother," said , the girl quickly, as she kissed the anxious face. . , : . ; But the question was not absent from her thoughts as the train rattled north through the. hours of the following day, and finallv put her down at the junction, where a slow "stopping train" picked . her up again and carried her to the small out-oi the-way station, from which, there was a seven-mile drive to her .uncle s house, yVycl combe Grange. - ,. r , . The drive was made m an old-fashioned chaise, up and down hills innumerable over moors, and through dark, gloomy, wild lanes; and when she reached the long, low, many-gabled, ill-kept, rambling house the winter night had closed in ^ and all the place looked desolate and weird. The house was not much pleasanter in side; ill-lighted, dismal, and bare of com forts, "while the girl's first reception was the reverse of cheerful. . : A gaunt, bony, forbidding-looking woman received her with a rude stare and scarcely returned the pleasant greeting which Chris ■ f^You can't expect . much - liqre,you •know," she said' bluntly,' "but if you don t like it you can go back the way you came. ; The 'girl having heard of north-country briisqueness took this as a specimen of it •and made no answer, following the woman along the broad hall. She opened a door, and, putting her head in, said to someone insicle, "Here's the other," and then made way for Chris to pass into, a room, very large and very barely furnished save tor a couple of roomy easy choirs by the lire, •in which two men sat talking. They rose as the door opened. .... . „ "You should be more civil m your tone, Hudson,'- rapped out the sharp, querulous, grating voice of an old man; and at trie rebuke the-wom^n grunted angrily. •■ ^ "Come and shake hands, Christabel, and let me look at you. You're not yeiv pretty, but you've a'taking face—for a girl.. , Inen he shook his head. "Too good I think; to he wasted on such a scamp as this'good for-nothing. (Ydu don't need any mtroduc tion-you two. You know what .youre here for; so you may as well take stock of one another." . ' • . .. , ,„ . Chris laughed and having not the least thought of looking on the man as a possible husband, she was quite unembarrassed. But she was glad to see that her companion, for the month's little comedy was pheasant to loolc'upon. - ' « ef \\-n . unconventional meeting,. Uousin Chris," he said in a tuneful voice, with a smile that (made his face verj^ bright, "hut I am very pleased to see you. If he was a scamp he was a very hand some one, and his face belied him, thought the girl; for to her his^eyes seemed es pecially frank and honest—and they Hin dered on her quite long enough for her to see them clearly. .• ■ • . , "I 'hope we shall be good friends, in deed/' she answered, and the earnestness of her-tone surprised herself- ^ haye had a long journey im^; xan 1 go to my room?" she asked; .and then the gaunt, -woman was called in again to show her ^Yheif she returned to the dining-room, 'having taken some, pains to make herself look her best, the scamp was talking plea santly to the old man who was "listen ing -with obvious interest; and as. soon as something was brought m for Chris to eat the foi-mlr went out of the room, saying he would go and do what the uncle nad asked. As he passed Ohris he nod-cd with a significant look and smiled, "I sent him out of the way while we talk" said her uncle as the door closed. "I want to look at you and know nine about you." And then he plied her with all manner of questions about her niotner, her^her sisters and brothers, the mode of life, her own tastes and rnelina-. tkxns, and so on. . „• l. „ _ >> i "You seem a good girl, as girls , U. said at the end. "Better than I expected vriin* mother's daughter to be "Mother's the best and dearest woman in -the world," said Chris warmly. ^ 'And the weakest—or shed never have m "They ^Aever'had"'a quarrel till the day of his death, nor. we children an. unhappy hour," championed the girl again. , , "All right, all right; only don t choke me with their virtues, ' snapped her uncle ^'I^shall not hear anything against mother." declared Chris stoutly. "I wish I had someone to stick up for me like that," he saidL, with what he meant to he a sneer though it sounded to the giH ie hke a cry from a desolate heart, and B Af to" a^pausef the old man resumed, "You quite understand the business von're\efe for, I suppose? You seem to have your head screwed on the right way, whatocr - youn-whatever others mag We^he was going to say "your mother, hut at a look From her changed the ohrase "You understand, you're to be nuifrf free to determine for yourself. You sS what he is-at least, what he looks urL- and I am bound to tell you he makes not the least secret of.his wickedn^s. He seems rather to glory m it;, for he tells it to me with a laugh and a joke, as though to be drunk were an honor, to gamble were a learned profession, and to love bad com ™ and worse hours were the deciding Instincts of a gentleman. _ At this Chris, remembering bis .frank eyS, was inclined to smile, but bit her, lip and'checked herself. _ "It is very shocking, she said de m"That's for you to settle," replied the old man grimly. "Arid you'll have plenty of time, to" I don't mean to have my; life interfered with. Marry < lnm and you oUaJl have £10,000 between you. Reform him and you shall have plenty more all I have probably. Not because the re formation of a scamp is a very glorious thing but because I've nothing else to do with the money. Refuse him, and you go back to your mother with a £500 cheque. And now a last word. Look out for Hud son. She's-a yixem My. iyill- now. i3.part ly in her favor and she knows it. And being a shrewd woman she don't want it altered. 'Now you'll see why she met you so pleasantly." And_ the old man chuckled as though he had said a good thing. The next morning the two cousins met at breakfast and were alone; and the meal was a somewhat ceremonious one. The talk was disjointed and. both were ill at ease. "Shall we nave a walk?" asked Gresbarn, when it was oyer. "I can show you round a bit. I was here yesterday, alone alTday." Chris agreed readily and went to put on her hat. "I hope you won't stop smoking on my account," she said, seeing him tcss away a cigarette as she joined him, though she 1 the little act of deference. appreciated "If you wish it," he answered readily, and lit a cigar. They started and walked some way in silence, neither feeling quite at case. Then, happening to glance simultaneously each at tne other's face, both laughed; and this broke the reserve. "This is a queer business, isn't it?" he asked. "And how the idea ever came into Uncle Gregory's wits I can't-for the life of me guess. I suppose y-du know I'm an aw ful scamp and have come a regular howler with my affairs." ' ■ . ' There was such a merry look in his eyes that she could not find it in her to believe the confession. • "I am told that you have done all sorts of horrible things, but I can't say you look like "it." "I'm an awful drunkard, you know, when the fever's on me." "Are you; really?" "And I gamble and bet—like a regular bookmaker, except that I always lose. I don't know how many thousands that, 1 haven't lost. Don't you love horse-rac ing?" "No, I don't. And I hate betting. "It's next door to stealing." "Oh, I say. Isn't that rather rough on me?" he asked, with a winning smile of mock remonstrance. ' . "It helped to ruin my father," said Chris, and as she said this his smile chang ed to a look of sympathy. "One doesn't think of the future, I'm afraid," he answered slowly. "But we have to." The words were out before she thought of their full meaning, but as soon as she,, realised it she blushed crimson. "I've lots o'f other sins quite as bad as that," he continued, pretending not to no tice the blush. "I'm afraid I keep shock ing hours; am awfully fond of club life; love billiards; can't imagine what people see in the attraetipn of one's own fireside, and don't think life's life unless it's rac ketty. I think that's about fill," he added, after a slight pause. He seemed to Chris to reel off this catalogue of his iniquities rather as if he were repeating a lesson. He puzzled her. He was a fresh-looking, clear-eyed, athletic, handsome fellow, without a trace of those marks which dis sipation stamps on its victims. , ' "It seems to agree with you very well," she said. "That's an, odd comment," he answered, with a hearty laugh. "But I want you to know the worst of me, because of this fun ny business of Uncle Gregory's." "You surely haven't come down here ex pecting " she began, but hesitated and stopped. "Shall I finish? Expecting that any de cent girl would care to take in hand my reformation? I don't know; girls are girls, you know." ' ' "I"don't know what you mean," she added quickly, with a flush of indignation. "But I do know that a 'decent girl,' as you call her, wouldn't think of stooping to 'marry a maii merely because there Was money? to be made by doing so." : "A decent man wouldn't sell himself either," he returned, laughing heartily.' "But you see I'm not'a decent man, so I'm here.- And so, for the 'matter of that, are you. • Why are 'we here?" _ ■ 1 '• "Uncle. Gregory told ;me that if I came for a month; till'Christmas, and—-and his insane scheme failed—if I declined to turn; reformer—I should have • a sum of '£500. That's'why T came." ' . 1 ' ; J "GoodA fLovdy,'" 'he criedj" laughing' again. "That's why I came. I've got the same sort of promise. I wanted to tell yon, but I didn't know how. But I'm really not such a brute as to wish to. buy a wife with my uncle's money. I'm bad, but not so bad as that. I'm awfully glad you spoke out. Truth is I was trying to drive you into saying something of the kind. As we understand each other now, shall we be friends, as well as cousins and conspirators?" He stopped and held out his hand, looking down into her eyes with such a frank, honest look , that she gave him hers, and they shook hands cordially, "Now we've; got to get through a month together; and I'j-propbse that we do. the utmost'we-can to make the time a jolly one." '■ Andewith that he began to chatter away on a hundred subjects, drawing her out, listening to her when she spoke, telling her anecdotes and -.stories of all kinds, and proving himself such an entertaining com panion that, when they got back to the Grange she was flushed with the exercise, quickened with the bracing air, and told herself she had spent one of the jolliest mornings she had ever had in her life. The days slipped away in this fashion. If her cousin was the raeketty rake that her uncle- declared and; he himself -con fessed - he found the change to the hills entirely *td; his liking.' , Never a thought did he appear to give to his billiards or his'drink: ' When the days were'fine the two went for walks,when wet theyTambled through the old'Grange'"or read together, and Gresliam found an old wolnme in the dusty library which told him the history of the family "and 'of the house. ' "I'm glad there's a ghost here," he said, one afternoon when they had. been reading about ode and sat hack in the great arm chairs by the fire to talk. "She'll come in handy for Christmas. But she seems an aimless sort of spectre as usual, and puts on a -winding sheet and moans and sighs and groans about the place for the most part. Should like to see her. I'd have a pot at her with my revolver." ' ' . ■ "She "only: comes when death's about, broke" in the harsh tone "of the house keeper, Hudson, who had entered the room unobserved. "If you'd seen her you wouldn't laugh." n, i "Have you seen -her? asked Chris eagerly. : • ■ , . "I know what I know, was the sphinx like reply. "But if you were to shoot'the bullet would lodge in your own heartj" she added'gloomily. . . • , , "If -we catch a sight of her itul be a good tale to carry back to town," said Graham, laughing. ' "You've -less than a week now to be snut up here," he added. Chris said nothing, but sit gazing into the fire and surprised herself by having to repress a sigh at the thought. "YouT be glad to be hack with your people, I suppose?" His voice was a little eager, and when she gave no answer he picked up the poker and lunged rather viciously at the logs, sending a blaze . of sparks up the broad chimney, "It's been awfully dull here for you, of course." He looked across'at'her in the leaping light of the flames; hut she hid her face and said nothing. He waited for an answer, and when it did not come he got up and pushed back his chair, exclaiming—"It's a beast of a place," and went out. of the room, leav ing her very thoughtful and a little sad. Three nights later, on the day before Christmas Eve, they' went out together— they were always together—into the hall ghost-hunting. It was a long; broad pas sage, and through the windows -the brilliant moonlight flooded, making the shadowed corners gloomy and dark by con trast. - She opened one of the casements and stood by it gazing out over the hills. "Looking homewards?" said Gresham at length, in a low voice that to the girl was almost like a (stress. "I • wonder what they are all doing?" she replied, after, a pause. "You've only three days more of prison. - "Prison?" echoed Chris, lifting her eyes to his. "It has been no-—.' Ah, you mean you are weary of the comedy and miss those things you can't get here. I forgot, hut you nave played your part so well, I—" She did .not finish. "I have felt my part," he answered, gently. "And when the curtain is rung down I shall-1-— May I make a confes sion to you?" "Another?", she asked, smiling. "Yes—and the worst of all, in one way; and yet the best. . When the curtain rings down it "will be- on the. sweetest act of my life. I hate this Christmas time, when I think it is to be the signal for .that curtain to fall. I know you will hate me for what I'm going to say." - But it was not from hatred that her heart was beating too quickly for her. to trust herself to speak. fTve been a cad—a'mean, pitiful sneak. AH that other confession of .mine was— a lie. But this one's true; and I can't bear that you should go away with it un said. I'm not Maurice Gresham -at. all —Pm Talbot, his younger brother. Uncle Gregory doesn't know it, .and I came.down here to cheat him out of the money for Maurice's sake. And now—well, I'm punish ed enough for my fraud. I love you, Chris,-with all ■ my heart and soul; and you'll never speak to me again, I know. I'll tell -Uncle Gregory the first chance I get, and—be kicked out of the house, I supposa. Try not to say too hard things, Cousin Chris, for I shall remember them ail my life—and Pm a cowardly beggar when l think of that.. .-I'd have, told you J before." "I-tried, jyheailJoundJLloyed you 1 —thought that was the first day—and I hadn't pluck enough to go away.' Tears trembled in the girl's eyes, dim ming the landscape and making the moon mists and the wide snow shimmer -and glisten and heave. But she had nothing t0TTi? deception was infinitely delightful to her, and while her judgment told her that he had behaved abominably, her heart whispered that nothing he could do could kill her love for him, or make the thought tnat he loved her other than sweet and de licious. ... . • , • c He was unread in the ways of women, however, and did not understand her; si lence^ but feared to speak again. Thus they stood a long time, in silence, until a weird sound, commencing m a low croon and swelling to a wild .mournful moan, broke the stillness of the night. Chris started and shivered and then clung to her companion, who blessed, the noise and put his arm round the tremblm= Tir1 • r * "it's the spectre of Wydcombe Grange, she whispered when the sound died away, and he did not contradict her, though very sceptical of ghosts. He could.forgive any spectre that brought Chris into his aims. After a moment's interval the sound was repeated, and again, a third time. ^ "There's some devilment here, said Gresliam, after the third cry, to- which both had listened very critically, i heard a man's voice in a sort -of guttural whisper between the last two." "So did I," said Chris, who with aretum of her common sense, gently disengaged herself from her companion's arms. At that moment a door at 'the farther end of the hall was rattled violently and then swung open without any apparent ^"Fwish I had my revolver," said Gresh am, running tro the place and searching it, but without result; Then soon afterwards Hudson, the house keeper, came in from the kitchen crying and holding her apron to her face. She was almost hysterical and asked them it they had heard the moaning, and said that it meant death; that her dear old master had been taken ill and that he would sure ^"Whose man's voice was that I heard?" asked Gresham sharply. . ... , At this the woman was more agitated than before and cried and moaned and waved her arms about. . "I didn't hear that. I hoped it wasn.t there—this time. Oh, my. poor, dear mas ter. When that is heard it's a sure sign of death." And more than that she could not be got to say. . _ Thus in the confusion that followed and the trouble caused by the old man's ■sudden illness the explanation between Chris and her cousin could be carried no further. ' The evening was a gloomy one. the uncle rallied but remained in his bedroom —which was on the ground floor—and when either of the pair went to him " he told them not to stay. The next day Gresham was sent on to bring over a doctor, and when he^returned he bad to ride back again for the medi-. .cine. .. . . , - , -Thus Chris and he scarcely exchanged a word during the day, apd as tlie old man, who was very irritable, was present at din ner which for once was in the evening, it was' agreed mutually, hut without words— as. young people in such circumstances can agree—to postpone telling him; the truth about Gresham's deception until be should, be better. • .: • Late that evening the crisis came. Chris, had been in her uncle's room, and needing something from the kitchen she had reach ed the door of communication between the kitchen and the rest of the house when she was startled by hearing a-man's voice on ■the other side "of it.. Instantly the sus picion' of the previous! evening occurred to her, and jumping to the conclusion that there was going to be a repetition of the spectral moaning: she fesolyed to fathom the mystery.' ; ' y5 '' , " Realising that if she opened the door she would probably disturb the man, die-ran upstairs and along the passages, ana down •by a- second staircase,;; which womd i.toke her,-unobserved, to the kitchen.'. She.tati ened intently as she "went, hut heard noth ing, and found the way clear as she cross ed an open space and entered the kitchen,; which was empty. . Crossing this she heard the voices; again —Hudson's and a man's—speaking m a very low tone. Unable to hear what was said, she stood a minute irresolute, and. then to her consternation a door, just out side a kitchen, which led up from the eel lars was opened cautiously,^ and Ohris had barely time to dart back across the room and hide when Hudson and the man en- j ^She would-have fled, but was afraid' lest | she shbuld make'a noise: and be • caught; and she stood, listening, half holding her breath and with fear-quickened pulses. She soon learnt the whole story. The man was the housekeeper"s son and had been concealed for some days m the cellars, having been brought to the place by - the woman to help in carrying out a horrible purpose—the murder of her old master. The latter had made a will greatly bene fiting Hudson, and believing now, itom the maimer of the young couple, that his scheme to bring the cousins together to marry was likely to be successful, he had told the woman that his will would . be altered. She resented this angrily: and at tempted to poison him before-he had time to irwike the alteration, and, she had brought -iier sou to the bouse tohelpber. ..The weJl known story of the spectre, of,,Wydcombe Grange had been, used as a sort, of cover for their abominable work- The first dose of poison had ^beeu' given: on • the previous night / and they- meant , -to complete the deed that night.: Hone of the other ser vants knew the man was in the house, and. they bad been sent out .purposely by Hua son tir-be out of the way. •• , , Further than that, Chris learnt that Gresham had been drugged, and she heard, the two discuss what was to be done in re igard to herself—-thak she .was also to be drugged. - P . The deliberate callousness of ..the pwt turned the girl cold and side with fear; while the helplessness of her position ap palled her.' She was alone m the : house with the murderers, save for one man who had heen drugged, and another-who, old and ill, was to be the victim. ■ •; She .tried to get away, but-as she moved a board creaked. - ■. , ,, "Curse the/old place," ; exdaimedtae man, starting nervously at the soumL one might think it was really haunted. "It's .only rats or something," answered Hudson, with a laugh. "Don't pe scared. Get your sheet on and go and give the old man another fright. It n^ly killed tan . last night, and I took care to-tell bmi that it meant 'his death—ay, and told the. doc tor too. The old man believes he is hy ing. 'So he-is—but not as he-thinks. Give that young Luunon gefl a fnght her good. And I'll rush mto the bedroom and make a row and find some way of quietening her, while you slip m and. carry tbait young fellow up to his room and lock liim ih. '"Then the placeTl be stffl, and we can do the rest safely, and make it seem us if the gdl had done it." — . . Chris saw thaifc she must at once get to her uncle's room at any hazard and tried amin to creep off, but this time the noise she made was greater titan before, and the woman running to the spot caught- her as Hie was rushing up the stairs. Seizing Chris in her long strong arms Hudson threw, an apron over her head,, stifled her cries for help, and dragged her Wt- to -the kitchen, where the man bound and gagged her without a word uemg spokenT In this, state she was then rar ried upstairs to her room, flung on to the bed. and a chloroformed handkerchief was pressed over her face till she lost; con ^HewTcmg she lay in this state she'could not tell, but when she tad mmvered ber senses, and the nauseating effects .of .the drug tad cleared from her brain, she re cognised the critical danger of the posi Her first effort was to free herself from the cords-which bound tar bands, and this she succeeded in doing after mmih wiotent effort. Dragging tarsdf feran the bed she next severed the rope that bound tar .feet and tried to stand up. The rushing .of the released blood and the giddiness m her aching head senf tar staggering , hack to the bed, however, where she lay a while to get back her strength and-collect her daV^at,Vitiiould' she do? .Hew prevent these miscreants from carrying out their abominable plan? , ' , A a soon as she could stand up - she tried icr door and found-it locked on the out-, ode. H she was to escape it musfibe by he window, aitd as she lpokta out over he snow the chill air helped _ to revive ler, and a plan came into her thoughts. Her cousin's room was not far from 'hers and between the\ windows ran a ledge, along which. skemight be able to-10!!11"3? holding on to the windows and ram ^ moment she had thrown a dark ahawl o-ver her shoulders . and was .out side the window. With . infinite trouble and in hazard, of falling/ : she crawled yard .by yard along the_ Is age, clinging far her life to every- available Qolding-place, and bruising and tearmg her tender bar>ds and finger nails in. the des perate attempt to reach, her cousin Gres haui's window. .. - , ., ; ; This she found unfastened. - and pushing it open peered in,: calling Hun. by haane. Ko answer came. . Listening, sbe .could: hear someone breathing stertorously in the room and, .though^doubtmg .-[whether .it ■was her cousin or the miscreant who bound her, she entered; and groped her way to the bed. * . ' ■ He was lying there unconscious, tuny, dressed, as they'had evidently thrown- him. She shook and dragged and called to him with the vehemence of despair, but all to no purpose. The. drug held him fast, and after a few fruitless minutes she aban doned the attempt. . . She tried his door and found it locked from without, like her. own. There was nothing left but to get down . by the window* . • She tore the bedclothes from the bed, knotted them firmly, made one end fast" to the bedstead, passed them out of the window, and was .in the act of getting out herself when she remembered he had spo ken of a revolver. , A rapid search of a few minutes found this, and having seen it was loaded in: all its chambers she thrust it in her poc ket. Then, she stepped on to the win dow-sill and with a fervent prayer to hea ven began to. descend. • , ,, There was a brilliant -moonlight, but the spot of her descent,. being in an. .angle of the house, was in shadow. She reached the ground in safety and ran at once to the. window of her uncle's bedroom, in tending to enter 'by that way. She was too late. . There was a light in the room,, and peer ing in between the blind, and the window frame she saw Hudson and the man-there, —the woman bending over the bed - on Which lay her uncle; the man crouching in 'hiding ready to help ■ when the crisis came. The girl's first instinct was to scream, and break the window pane and then try to rush in; but. a better scheme .occurred to •lier. ' ' , ' • , , , ^ She thought of the trick of the.spectre a moaning which the two had played ■ and she resolved to use it now, thinking that when they heard it in the midst of their infamous "work it would frighten them ■ more than anything else. • . Making as close an imitation of the sound as she.could she repeated it twice.. Next she fled over the soft snow to the rope of bedclothes, tore away a Sheet, and ran to the kitchen entrance, throwing_ the' sheet over her head as she ran. The door was open and darting along the hall she went to the door of her uncle's room and rattled the handle loudly, moaning again the while, and at last turning the handle she let the .door swing open, intending to produce the same weird effect which had. been produced on the previous night.' Knowing that as soon .as their consterna tion was over the. two would come out to see ■ the • caiise, , she v ran . next to a. spot by one of • tne casements.. and began to sway to and fro .in the ; moonlight, still moaning and crooning softr ly, while She drew , out the revolver and. , held it ready for emergencies. Hudson was the first to recover from, her terror and came out slowly and cau.r; tiously, holding a'light and peering about; her, "with the man at her heels, half dead., with superstitious terror. ' . / . The woman nearly dropped the hgh» she carried when -her-eyes, fell on. the , swaying white figure, and; the man turned . : and would -have fled, but .for the mistake - which Chris had made: of placing;'herself •. between the pair and .the kitchen; thus _ leaving them no means,of escape. . - ■; As it was they both stood watching her;; •fearsomely with blanched faces arid strain ing eyes in" dead grim silence.. > • » • ' last the womaii, as . though: ashamed of her fears, started and made a step: to- - wards Chris. ' ; , • ; •' . 'A" : "Come - on,- you fool, ' she cried' to the man. "It can't burtous. 'I mean:to- see what it is." 'A . . • In a. shame-facedi. hang-dog:fashion lie moved; ..'after.; 'Eer,andChiis,. jrer^ceiviiig how- great . would, be her peril if ^either . should attempt :to touch .her, dxew .away - - instihcfcively. -In doing this; she .trod, on., the'. sheet, and before she-knew, what had",, happened- it" had'fallen to the' grdimd, and ; thei improvised spectre.. .of; ' Wydcombe; Grange* stood revealed ? as,the^pale, -but -- resolute . girl, i.; who stood ' .grasping. the; ; pistol and ipurmuring prayers to heaven • for rescue. • ' A * ;'' '; The, man vented a 'gruff oath', his- rage;; all . the greater because ,d£ the:.' cowardice,; he had- before -shown, and ;rashed -towards rhe girl to seize her. ' . • "Back, PiA I'll fire," she-said, -levelling. the revolver'. ; "No more o'. your tricks wi me, you*; young hussy," . Ee . 'scowled, without stopping. / ' . ' : In quick succession three shots rang out, 'waking the echoes through.the still house, followed by a erv of pain and a. wild scream; ahd.wheh the smoke cleared the man lay bleeding and moaning on the ground and the woman had disappeared. Chris rah to'- her uncle's room-iand folmd "-he • Avals' stiff - apparently -.unhurt,'-; though unconscious; ' The preparations *! which; the two, had ma.de to kill him re- ' mained by the head' of the bed. 7 She.swept them.into;,the fireplace,.and, having made sure that the. woman, was not concealed in the room,- she locked the. door, and ran upstairs to her cousin's: roomy.;. " . y 'v.*.;. He was stiff unconscious, and it.was only. after long and anxious . efforts ..that, she roused him. sufficiently to make him under stand all that had happened. Three.days later Chris sdtlMdden in one.; of:the large armchairs :in' tbA dining-room,' dreaming happily,* -by; tEe-ifirelight,' and turning her -.head now and-then toward^ the - door to' listen.' -* Her eyes brightened, ; as a'qiiick firm footstep approached it from;: without; ."but; she did' not turn 1 her. head this: time and' affected hot to'hear . when' 7 heE: cousin entered: -. - • • "Chris. Oh,, you are here. ■> I could hardly Se^you in'that great'chair. Well,; are'you* anxious to be but of prison? . Thi*, * was , id have 'been' your day ;of dd|yerance, '•. you know." •• v ; - ■ 'fWell?"-- The, eyes -asked the question, more' eagerly-tEan the words, v . 'He tossed up; his hands as if. in despair. "I've' .told;;"'Uncle;: Gregory 'everything. He vows he Eas never been so deceiyed .in ' his life as by me." . . ' ., <• • "We-all have," said the girl.-.-. r "He won't forgive me. *H'm--to leave the • house at once." ,. ; ' ' . ' i. : She looked at liim searchingly' and then smiled. ' - \- "The truth," she said quietly. : "That's the truth. That's his-sentence. Not an '.hour's, grace. . 'At on<s, . this instant," he declared, ipth increasing .em phasis. * . ■ y. The girl's forehead puckered in doubt. •. "Won't you he-glad to get'out of prison?" she asked; and they " both laugh ed. . ' ' .. "He only gave -me, one chance," Baid Graham: - 1 % . . .. "What is it? 'I*m sure you' don't -de serve it," she said-happily. . i ."An appeal to' what' he calls the. real 'Spectre of Wydcombe.' It's good, angel, he calls it. He says you've taken the management of the Grange now, - and tEat: includes all who are in itT I'm in it,, but can only stop if you allow me?" "I shall go and give my judgment to : uncle," she said, rising. "Shall I pack?" he asked, looking at the firelight dancing in her eyes and holding out his hand.' "HeTl -forgjve and forget if you -will." ' / ) - " . 'She stood By him, turning her face to his. ' ■ - "I can't do that,1" she said gently. 'Tve<nothing to forgive, and X couldn't forget." Then he .took her in his arms and : kissed her. V' '■ 1 ' "Do you still want to get, out of prison?" ^ he whispered, smiling. , "I shall leave the prison—a greater cap tive than ever," and then she broke away, and ran to tell the .story of her lore to -the old man, ' 