AN ADVENTURE WITH ELEPHANTS Elephant catching , baw long bean prac tised in tba North-Eastern dutribte. The , most cucceasfnl man was Mr'Sanderson, bnt a good deal of that, was due to thé system introduced by bis predecessor,, Mr Nnttafl, end to bis having «oled on the advise' of the late Captain Williamson, to commence operations in the Garrow oounrrr, the old grounds having been over- hnnted,. and also to bis own great energy, «ñd nht ¡ interfeting too moon with his trained mahouts. I accompanied Mr Nottall in one of bis hut baute-bis health was then broken down from repeated attacks of fever, whi'oh led, a year or so afterwards, to bis death. Bat he was mo^ aD»5nj\ö~dT5 bis duty, and, know ing that I took great interest ta everything connected with sport, be asked me io aeooto. pony him. I wanted him titan to tey che foot of the Garrow hüls, bot bis arrange ments had already been made, and we went < , one ol bia old beata ia the Chtösgeug] Tooatohelepbant« mouths ol, preparation «re required. I coola no*, gat away aa aeon. M I expected,, and'it wa» only,a few days before the finalOtiTO took place that I joined J^m. Wewewswt verysuoooeafal. ii the first keddah - on^ twenty-seven and in' the aeeond only nineteen elephants were caught, whieh eoarcely paid for the expenses, in curred; but uo blame ooold be attaobed to the superintendent, for both be and bis head eeri-eant bad been, and were sdi), off and on iU from malarialf ever. The chief jemadar had died, thaoeoond had been killed, whilst the third, who woald havesaooeeded, had left the department and tiken service with me some titqe before; «oas the hea4s of the depart ment were not properly represented, the operations.- Buttered. Elephant oatohtng in kedd&hs; has of den been described,-and, but for s carious droumstacce whioh happened, I should not bei now writing this artiste* Tte iberd we < had. sorrounded. was a very Sarge one, and after two -days', constant trouble «nd watching by day and night, the ¡greater part of the animal* had been' driven toto the re-entering angle of the. keddah, .when there was .« great distúrbanos ahead, land the leading fib» halted ' and. showed jsigns of. breaking baot. We foand-it was {caused by. a. tiger, who had,, got into the [Stockade and was endeavouring to get back ?into the jnngle. Mr Nuttall was aroused from his sieh bed, : nd, lookingTery feeble, took command, and' every available mon and besot was poshed to the front to induce the recalcitrant beasts to continue tb' ir fiigbt within the enclosure. They, were driven- forward once or twioe, bnt rushed book in a panic on hearing the gatteral roar of the tiger, who wasjastia 'side the paling in a clump of long, grass. I. went some distance ahead and cfimbed up a tree that overlooked the interior, with the view of slaying Mr Stripes, but I oould not get a glimpse cf him. Bat he mast have left his post to try if he could find another exit, and daring this interval the roaring ceased, anfl we managed to get twenty-seven adult elephants, five tuskers, two miohnas, fifteen well-grown females, and five three parts grown youngsters, besides about four calves, well inside. The ? brote jost thea' roared again, and the heed inside right about faced, and the people, fearing that St might j escape, barred the entranoe rather prema turely, for some doien more elephants were then alose by, and might neve mitered. The men on the lookout endeavoured. to with draw the bars, but just then a succession of roars caused a fearful panio, and all those not already entrapped f orosd their way book and escaped. Nattall had to retire almost in an unconscious state, and, ss ¿I waa'a | stranger, I had no control over! the .keddah' men, and neither my elephants nor jemadar were with me. Once a herd is entrapped, everything should be kept as quiet as possible. Fires are lit outside, and men armed with spears and blazing torches stationed outside ; while the animals must not be irritated. Bat that confounded tiger woald not be quiet, neither conld be escape, so he kept them on the qb! vive the whole night. If the captivée are left in peaoefor a few hours they settle down and get reconciled to their fatâ. As soon as it was daybreak I asked Nattall if I should go inside on a staunch elephant and: en deavour to shoot the feline, bat hé thought it was better not to do so ; and now that ic was daylight, he thought the tiger would find a loophole and escape. I was just retiring to my tent to bathe when'there was a greater row than ever.-md the jemadar begged me to oome with him, and he would show me a tree whonoe I oould pot the tiger -because, if he was allowed to >diäturb the herd mach longer, he was sure they would rush at the barred entrance in a body and escape. I went at once and took np my position. I oould see a great commotion gvingion; but could not seen any portion of the tiger. The roaring of the beast and the trumpeting of the'elephants were inoees&nt; the herd were gathered in a duster, with their toils almost toaahlng the stockade, en deavouring to get «way as far as possible from a clamp of grass. I was thinking of 'firing .into the grass, when l eawaUajge tasker rash forward,, and with a vigóreos ?'kiok with his forefoot, be sent a brindled ?mass flying, and; folio-ring up his opponent ¡quiokly, he threw him well into the air, As befell the tasker got him between his legs and commenced to play football, kicking; the struggling brute forward with his hind legs and baok with bis fore, and £ knew all would soon be over. The tiger's roars degenerated into balf roars, half growl», which wore oil bat overpowered by the screams of the elephants, who in oborus created a din whioh could bs beard many miles off, and which were taken up and re-echoed by om tame elephants. This brought poor Nuttall off. 1 hie eiok bed ; but the tragedy was all but j fioiabed. The tiger, with a dying effort, got hold of the elephant's foreleg just above the foot ; the pachyderm gave one prolonged soream, then, shaking off the incubus, spun olear, and with lightning speed knelt on bia opponent, who eoon gave up tile ghost. The leoraged monster lifted him np and threw Ibim towards the herd, who rushed forward, land in a few minutés kicked and trampled 'the tiger into the dirt, leaving no.semblanos of his ever having, been the lang of beasts. Even after it was evident that there was no life left in their fee, first one elephant and then another would run forward, and after administering a kiok, quiokly retire, giving utterance to bis valediotory address. We doubled guards over the stockade for two days, and as the imprisoned beasts had hod ino water and bnt snob fodder os we threw 'into them, they were greatly subdued, and we had no difficulty in tethering them one by one and leading them to a place where there was plenty of water and fodder. As we ooold not remove the skin of the tiger for nearly three days, it eventually spoilt ; bnt when we got the body of the tiger out, it was wonderful to see what little damage had been .done to the skin; though-of ooaree .the body was most-offensive. After being washed and pegged i oat, no one would nave guessed what a violent death, the beast had met, but the hair peeled off, ana as a trophy the ikhVwos useless.. Our eeoond'venture was even IBM success-, fol, and quite tuttventful. . Poor : Nattoll soon afterwards died, exhausted by thirty, vean' residence'm this malarial aód'peeti-, 'lentlal portion Of oar possess"oSls---i'b'ut a?ter idöwg Ma aatr like a miui. -T. T. FOLLOK.. 