Ordination Sermon. Preached by Rev. W. C. Sadleir, at St. Paul's Cathedral, Melbourne, fourth Sunday in Advent, December 18th, 1898. "Take heed unto thyself, and unto thy doctrine ; continue in them for in doing this thou Shalt both save thyself and them that hear thee."— 1 Timothy iv. 16. The office of the Christian minister is to proclaim by word and deed to a sinful world the great deliverance Wrought by God's tender love manifested in Jesus Christ. Without a clear conception of this central truth it is futile to expect the ministry ever to rise, above the realm of fiction ; for therein lies the essential motive of its existence. The maintenance of tire awful reality of sin, and the proclamation of God's free forgiveness of the penitent, are so inherent in the ministry that he who fails to deal with them falls short of the great object of our Savior's incarnate life. The first intimation in the New Testa- ment of the purpose of that' life sounds the keynote of our office. The blessed word of assurance and consolation to the distracted Joseph is, " Thou shalt call His name Jesus: for He shall save His people from their sins" (St. Matt. i. 21). Such being the case, then, who should undertake the responsibili- ties of being the accredited messengers of God's love? The solemn service in which we are to-day engaged affords us an answer. The Church of God teaches that no man should assume this office unless set apart in the Apostolic manner and appointed thereto by lawful authority. The work is so far-reaching, so deeply con cerned with the things of time and of eternity, so welded with the Great Head of the Church, so graced by the Holy Ghost, that by its very nature it demands a special call, a special preparation, a special com- mission. While we admit, that the Holy Spirit may in certain cases raise up men for a particular work, in any way pleasing to Himself, yet we have abundant evidence that for the winning of souls and the edification of the Church there has always existed a Christian ministry. "It is evident unto all men diligently reading the Holy Scripture arid ancient authors, that from the apostles' time there have been these orders of ministers in Christ's Church— bishops, priests, and deacons." (Preface to the Ordinal.) And for the due exercise of this high calling we claim the authority of our Lord Him- self — " As My Father hath sent Me, even so send I you." Thus equipped, we set forth into a world which is antagonistic to God, to act as His heralds, ambassadors, and stewards. To the minister of Christ is committed the responsibility of calling men to repentance. As His herald he sets forth the conditions of peace between God and men ; he calls men to repentance and a living faith in union with the true Vine, and entreats them to prepare the way for the coming King. To him is committed the ministry of reconciliation. As ah ambas- sador, he enters into authoritative and personal negotiation with men ; and beseeches them in Christ's stead to be reconciled to God. To him as the steward of His mysteries there come the responsi- bilities of a faithful priest. In season, out of season, he is required to be true to his trust in the administration of his Master's goods during His personal absence. He expounds His Word, dispenses His Sac- raments, and exercises the discipline as the Lord hath commanded, and as one who must render a solemn account of his stewardship on His Master's return. To the effectual fulfilment of this divine commission the minister of Christ must take heed to himself and to his doctrine. The verdict of the history of religion is that errors in matters of faith are almost invariably connected with errors in practice. Personal spiritual life and a clear grasp of apostolic doctrine are so intimately associated in our high calling in Christ Jesus that we dare not separate them. As a man thinks, so is be. His conception of the revealed ; law of righteousness necessarily influences his practice of its principles. Hence there exists the necessity for a firm and clear apprehension of the great doctrines of the faith. And with what force this should. commend itself to us is clearly seen in the last command of our, Saviour : the marching orders of the Church to evangelise the world are combined with the comprehensive and fundamental creed of the Catholic Faith — the doctrine of the Holy Trinity. Let us, therefore, consider the means whereby the performance of this ministry may be rendered effectual. 1\. The first law governing the clergyman's life insists on the culti- vation of his own soul. No virtue can go out of him unless he has first drawn from the fountain from which all grace is derived. If his method be otherwise, if he seek a refuge from this imperative in active work in the parish or elsewhere, that work must eventually fail ; it lacks the solidity and permanence which alone can endure in the day of the Lord. Personal holiness is required by God from every bishop, priest, and deacon sent forth in His name. His will is that His servants should be holy, that the vessel which he uses should be clean. And this is also required by men. The clergyman's work depends for its success upon the personal character and accomplishments of the worker, more than in any other vocation in life. The waters springing from the rocks taste of the minerals through which they have passed. So, too, are the waters of life frequently tainted by the vessels through which they are given to the world. Purity of soul, then, has more to do with the salvation of men than all the activity that can be displayed. Men require it of their clergy, value them for it, and gladly pay their tribute thereto. It gives inexplicable grace to . their utterances, and enduring permanency to their works. The attainment of this great gift demands much time for secret communion with God. This is an absolute necessity for all branches of ministerial labor. Privately and unceasingly must he, who desires to be so gifted, seek the presence of his Lord. The throne of grace is not only always free of access, but invites him to bring all his . difficulties— of the parish, the school, the vestry, particular cases in the sick-room and in the busy world— to where alone they are certain of solution. And who is there who has practiced it will undervalue the unspeak- able joy found in the daily services of the Church? Half-ah-hour thus spent in the presence of God never loses its reward. Practice it, and you will find that the tongue can but inadequately express the joy and confidence it brings. Prayer, private and public, is the first means to the acquisition of the knowledge of God which alone can make a ministry effectual. Yet this is only one aspect of communion with the Unseen. Meditation supplies the other.; It differs from prayer in its method and scope. In prayer we speak. to God, tell Him our troubles, and seek for His consolation. In meditation we listen while God speaks. It is like prayer in that it is attended with similar difficulties: There is the inability to. hold the attention ; there is the critical spirit which is subversive of. the end we seek. Manifestly, then, we need to continually take heed to ourselves; we need patient and persevering cultivation. By s.o doing, the mind becomes purified and capable of receiving the things of the Spirit of God ; by it the affections are ruled, excesses are corrected, the manners are composed, and the life ordered according to the will of God. Such meditation leads to sympathy between those who pass through spiritual conflict and those who brave the battle in the external life, We are not different from other men. What meditation by the aid of the Holy Ghost does for us in curbing besetting sin, leads us to understand why sin is dominant in men who do not know this secret. So we make. their case our own, and seek to help them to the same blessing which we have received. And it leads to the great need of our age, an indomitable courage. Timidity in the ministry is mainly due to the uncultivated inner life ; to the neglect of listening while God speaks. Such time spent in the presence of the Holy One enlightens us as to the nature of sin in its antagonism to God. How then can we be timid ? It is He who gives us courage, and girds us for the war. Like Micaiah, we declare, " As the Lord liveth, what the Lord saith unto me, that will I. speak" (1 Kings xxii. 14). II. Again, the minister of Christ must be a student of books. The substance and the manner of his teaching are of the utmost import- ance for the ultimate success of his work. He must therefore serve God with his mind as yell as with his soul. Nothing can be more paralysing to the pulpit and pew than the constant reiteration, in a formal manner, of the outline of doctrine learned simply for temporary purposes, but left unassimilated by unreflecting men. There is a danger — nay, there is the actual existence of the idea —that the barest knowledge of the technical definitions of theology should be the full equipment of a useful ministry. The scribe must be instructed to enable him to bring forth from his treasures things new and old. Had not the doctrines of the New Testament the deepest concern with the present and ultimate salva- tion of men, they would never have been revealed. The current deficiency of the preaching of the Apostolic and Catholic Faith is in a large measure responsible for the unrest and indecision of the age. A faithful minister, then, must read that he may know, that he may sympathise, that he may act. Above all, the Word of God must be his text-book; he must sound its depths, and bring to the surface the hidden wisdom of God. Its original language — a knowledge of which, with a little trouble, he can acquire — will yield him treasures of price less value. And the Holy Ghost, who chose those languages as the media of the Divine message, will honor such a man in his study and pulpit, to the great benefit and 'building up of the Church. In this way will the faithful steward of the mysteries of grace be enabled to master his ideas until they are incorporated with his mind, and rendered capable of reproduction as occasions serve. By these means he will succeed in cultivating his intellect, so that it will be rendered flexible, and capable of genuine urbanity. He thus seeks the centre, and finds his sufficiency and satisfaction in his Lord. Believe me, this and this alone is his true culture. III. And he who reads must make the results of his study available to men. A theory which has no counterpart, no outlet in practice, is useless. No medical man worth calling to a sick-room was ever pro duced by book-work merely. A man so trained is not only useless, but positively dangerous. Hence practical work among men must always accompany theoretical work among books. The business of the prophet is to bring Divine truth into the practical sphere; to show how human life with its enigmatical combination of sorrow and joy is interpreted by the doctrines revealed in the person of Jesus Christ. True, such a work is attended with almost overwhelming difficulties. But "all things are possible to him that believeth" (St. Mark ix. 23). In his intercourse with men the parish priest must be rooted and grounded in the faith once for all delivered to the saints. The state of culture to which he has attained in his pursuit of Divine truth enables him to put that faith in a way acceptable to men. He becomes in this respect all things to all men — not that he is to innovate in his doctrine, but that he may present the old faith in a new light, and make it appeal to men with such force that it may become the very atmosphere of their existence. To do this well he is required to be a close ' observer of the great movements of his times; cautiously and reverently must he examine, weigh, understand the Divine import of the great. convulsion of the social systems. On one side of human life he will find much to rivet his attention to his own personal advancement ; to the popularity and gains which the world's pomp and grandeur promise. But on the other side — on the side on which men are struggling, fighting, dying — he will. find more that will impede his haste, and to the utmost tax his resources ; he will find something to recall the humility of his Saviour: " The Son of Man came not to be ministered unto, but to minister, and to give His life a ransom for many." To understand this, the ordained servant of God is called to the study of men, to ascertain their souls' special needs and sorrows. Especially must he seek for the " broken lights" in men's characters, and use every opportunity to show them how dear is their humanity to Christ. Thus, and thus only, will he ever be able to present the truths of the Gospel, and win men by a persuasion quickened and directed by the Holy Ghost. IV. It is quite true that had we clergy who satisfied all these conditions, we should have almost an ideal ministry. Yet, without knowledge of God, without knowledge of books, and without know ledge of men, no clergyman need ever expect success. The demands are so great, and the strength to meet them so small, that we stand on common ground with him who inquired, " Who is sufficient for these things?" And the gentle voice which he heard, you hear to-day : "My grace is sufficient for thee." So on you, my brethren, who are about to take upon you the solemn vows of the diaconate and priesthood, I lay this solemn charge submit yourselves in complete surrender to your Lord. Upon you the salvation of numbers of the present generation depends; upon you depends in a great measure the future of the Church. Be men of God. Be much in secret communion with Him. Immeasurably above all other duties does this stand. Tell Him your griefs, your difficulties, your desires, and then listen while he speaks. In all your work, in your studies, in your parishes, in the pulpit and at the holy table, let it be as at the origin of all things— in the beginning, God. Be men among your books. There is much to tempt, much to distract in the sacred literature of the day. If you are earnest students, there will be much to prevent you from taking heed that your doctrine is whole and undefiled. Courage, then, in this great work. Permit no man to confine your intellect within the limits of his own definitions. God requires from you the use of a free and untrammelled intellect. Head controversial books, but avoid the controversial spirit. Bead the divines of the sixteenth century for the position of the Church before those of the seventeenth. In this way you will understand the true position of protest against accretions to the Catholic faith. You will see that our protest is not that which brings disintegration in its train — not that which casts itself into fury over matters which urbanity and true culture can always afford to pass unrecognised, but that which the maintenance of the faith of the New Testament and Apostolic times has forced upon us. Bead, then, with all your energy. You are now only beginning your life's work. Bead, and do not be afraid of being called ambitious. Covet the best gifts. Fit yourself for any position into which God's providence may call you. Be loyal to the Church. There is committed to you to-day a definite charge, a definite commission. You, in turn, among other matters, promise obedience to those who are over you hi the Lord. Neither Ihe commission nor the obedience is one to be evolved out of your inner consciousness. You do not define either for yourself ; they are defined for you. That promise is one, of the conditions on which you are admitted to Holy Orders— it binds you to the performance of a sacred duty. Hold that duty in holy trust ; exercise it not for your own purposes, but for the welfare and salvation of your fellow men. Be loyal to Christ. You stand between the living and the dead. Do not be afraid of being called old- fashioned because you preach Him alone as the refuge of sinners. Let Him be your one inex- haustible, ever -satisfying theme. He is the one perfect Man in whom our humanity has never been dishonored. Take heed, then, that you do not bring the name of that blessed Master into disrepute. Bring men to Him. They are by nature given to a dignified reserve in religious matters, but with tactful, sanctified handling you will find many a hearty encouraging response. Thus will you become " fishers of men." Courage, then, in placing your whole being at the disposal of the Lord of Hosts. Times will come when you will be sorely tempted to give way to despondency because the success of your work does not accord with your early expectations. Say not that the trouble nought availeth, The labour and the wounds are vain ; The enemy faints not nor faileth, And as things have been they remain. A bow cannot always be at full string. In your moments of depression let this be your support : The work is not yours, but His to whom all power is given. Unlike all other vocations in life, success is assured, and ultimate victory is guaranteed. And to you who to-day are witnesses of this ordination I give the charge — pray for your clergy. Their holy calling, their public ministration of God's Word and Sacraments, tend to obliterate from the minds of many the great need that they feel of the prayers of the laity ; yet no men have more need of such. The very exercise of their calling demands all the prayers and sympathy and grace that they can obtain. This is the day of the layman's opportunities. Owing to the exigencies of the tunes in which we live, clerical work without the sympathetic and hearty co-operation of the laity must fall short of what it ought to be. Only too often are the hearts of the clergy overwhelmed with thoughts of the work that ought to be done, and which could be done, but is not done. A promise of prayer, one word of sympathy expressed, one offer to undertake some definite Church work, are rare but very precious jewels. Their omission is more often due to thoughtlessness than to any deficiency in these things. Believe me, no Church can prosper if it be a Church of one man. Do not, then, think that these matters are of trifling conse- quence. What may be to you but a drop of water is a whole ocean to your clergy. Esteem them for their works sake, knowing that they watch for your souls. Remember, the whole purpose of our office is " the perfecting of the saints, the work of the ministry for the edifying of the body of Christ ; till we all come in the unity of the faith and of the knowledge of the Son of God unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ' (Eph. iv. 12,13). Clearly and concisely is this expressed in the formula of our faith. We aim at ' the life of the world to come." This is the end, the sum and substance of all our doctrine. And what a world of possibilities is here opened to our vision ! Yet, it is only in out- line that we know the life everlasting. But we have the assurance that our position therein depends on what we. are and do now. That which we shall be remains to be manifested. Its glories have not yet been revealed beyond the inexhaustible fact that its substance is the eternal Son of God. Dim, indeed, does our vision become in such contemplation. The more expansive our reflection, the higher the imagination takes its flight, the more baffled are our poor souls to conceive it. Yet, amid the limitations of our nature, amid the clouds, the brightness — darkened with excess of light — we recognise the pledge of the life of the world to come in the glorious form of the Son of Man. 