Americanism. INTERVIEW WITH ARCHBISHOP IRELAND. (From the Daily Chronicle.) Archbishop Ireland may certainly be taken as one of the personages in the Englishspeaking Catholic world who will play an important part in the next period of development and reform. His Grace of St. Paul, Minnesota, stands out as a rugged figure amongst Curialist wearers of the purple and the routine of pageant at the Vatican. While I spoke freely with him at the Hotel Bristol, he only wore the familiar surtout and Roman collar of English and American priests. His stern yet benevolent face is that of an apostle. He is terribly in earnest, as will be seen from the following colloquy, which, with the Archbishop's full consent, may be taken as a message to his friends, and a reply to misinterpretation which, though unintentional, he considers to be damaging to a great cause. I shall fail to reproduce the flowing and sparkling French of the illustrious Churchman, whose elevation to the Cardinalate has only been adjourned by the illness of Leo XIII. " At first," said he, " I felt reluctant to enter upon delicate questions which only time can clear up. But I accede, as an American Bishop speaking to the representative of a paper in sympathy and touch with the United States. It affords me an opportunity of dispelling wrong views, and of giving in a nutshell the maxims which we consider essential to the human working of what we believe to be God's Church on earth. Let me begin by disconnecting the new word ' Heckerism.' I knew Father Hecker well, and like other great minds he had certain views which began and ended with himself. One of these was the direct inspiration by the Holy Ghost of individuals. This apparently daring doctrine really meant little more than that godly help is not wanting to those who display initiative. I frequently told him that he was ambiguous, and would undoubtedly be misunderstood. This has come to pass." " To come to more important matters," the Archbishop added, " we have undoubtedly laid great stress upon natural virtues. We maintain, especially in the case of the clergy, that temperance and love of truth, for instance, are so necessary that they cannot be replaced by any purely devotional fidelity. A priest of intemperate habits has sterilised his mission. A priest who stretches his personal casuistry to prevarication and mental reserve is only justifying the enemies of the Church in affirmations which, though false, are heard far and wide." I then asked the Archbishop whether it was true that he was inimicial to the religious orders. He promptly answered that this was an utterly groundless charge. He believed that no nobler ideal could be conceived than the three vows of voluntary poverty and sacrifice of all self-indulgences cheerfully taken and loyally carried out by the monastic congregations. But he objected to the parochial or educational encroachments of the " regular" upon the secular clergy. The episcopacy and its sub-hierarchy were, he said, the real foundation of ecclesiastical work. Japan was only one instance of the evanescense of the material plant of the Catholic Church, where Bishops were superseded by rings of friars and corporations. "Even in England." added Dr. Ireland, " the revival of the Catholic faith in the reign of James II. was blighted because the King fell into the hands of regulars, who thought their purpose best served by not at once restoring a genuine hierarchy." The Archbishop added—" I pass over the Catholics of England as not in my province. We in America discovered that the Jesuits were bitterly opposed to the establishment of our Catholic University in Washington. They wanted it themselves, and tried to circumvent the Pope. But Leo XIII pointedly warned me not to allow the American Bishops to be caught in their toils. My views on this subject are those of Cardinal Manning, who went farther than I do. To insinuate that ' Americanism' means the transference of the religious orders to the melting pot is a calumny. They have produced countless saints, and have their own exalted mission. But American Catholicism requires a priesthood deeply imbued with natural and civic virtues. In conclusion, I asked the Archbishop » question about his general attitude before and after the war. He said :— " I will put it all in three words. Before hostilities broke out I was pacifically favourable to Spain. But when the blast of war sounded I forgot everything except that I was an American citizen anointed to love my country. As to the other matter, I cannot say anything of my presence at the Disarmament Congress. That is a matter which must be left to the charge of others. I might be one of two representatives, or there might be another and a higher solution. I am at the double service of my spiritual office and temporal citizenship." 