WITHOUT A HIOME CHAPTER XIV. SEVERING TIES. "IReally, Ada, this is very unex pected. What has brought about this decision ? To tell the truth, I do not understand why you should leave a home where you are scarcely treated as a servant." "I am fully sensible of your ex ceeding kindness, dear lady," replied the girl, in a rich, melodious voice; "but I cannot stay. There are reasons for this that you cannot understand were I to explain them, which is simply impossible. I know you have spoiled me--that, go where I will, I shall not find another home like this; but I must go." " Miss Meredith made some en quiries about you this morning, and seemed to think that she had seen you before, but was baffled when sheheard your name. Didyou ever see her before 1" "Once," replied Amy, truthfully. "Perhaps she would like to see you. She said she would call in the morning without company." Amy threw up her head a little proudly. " Miss Meredith can have no particular business with me. I should like to leave this evening, if you'll let me ge." Certainly you can go, if you are bent on so doing," replied the lady, taking out her purse and paying the girl her wages. "You have been faithful, and the extra money is a reward for your kindness to Rena." Amy turned away, unable to speak, and went to the library, where she bade good-bye to her favourites, with streaming eyes. " My, my! What does this mean? What are you crying for, Ada l" asked Herman Singleton, as he came suddenly into the room. "Because I am so miserable," she replied, faintly. "Everything seems to go wrong." "What has gone wrong?" he asked, kindly. "Has Rena got one of her tantrums again ?" "No," she replied. "MIr. Single ton, I am going to leave, and I do love these books so much. It seems like parting from old friends to leave them." " Why are youn going to leave us " he enquired, gravely. "Because I must I can't tell you why I' "I thought you had no friends, Ada; what are you going to do in this large city without a protector I" " What hundreds of others do," she replied. "Fight my way, con test the road, and if I fail it will not be because I lack courage. " What do you think I have been doing these two years ? I suppose you'll laugh at me, but I have been pre. paring myself to teach." If a thunderbolt had fallen at his feet Singleton would scarcely have been more astonishe,1, and his sur prise did not escape her notice. "I suppose you think me pre sumptuous," she continued, hur riedly, "but I was born of parents who instilled into my mind a love of knowledge; parents who little thought their only child would have to battle with the world as I havellad to do. When I camehere and found these books, and learned that I could have access to them, I determined to improve the oppor tunity, and I have no canuse to re proach myself, for I have gathered many a sheaf in these two years, and stored them for the future." The slight figure of the girl was erect now. Tie large brown eyes -her peculiar charm -wer. glori ously bright with the enthusiasm of her subject, and looking up into his face as she filishe, she abruptly asked: "You think me quixotic, and my ideas visionary, don't youl" "I think you are on the verge of a grand womanhood," he replil. She raised her eyebrows, and her foreheadl knotted into a heavy frown: ' Iasked you for an honest opinion," she said, reproachfully. "Shall I tell you what I lthink ? Then I will. Your perseverauce is simply sublime; your industry puts to shame older persons than your self, and the manner with rwhich you have worked, unaided and alone, is truly remarkable. I have watched you the past years, ever since you asked my sister for the use of the library, and I have seen how you sometimes made mistlakes in the selections of your volumes, but, in the main, you displaced ex cellent taste. I telieve you will nsuceed, and you have my best wishes for the final attainment of your goal." He turned to go, but came back. "Ada, if I can help you, I will do so. Money I have in abundancr" "Thank you; but I must work my own way. If I reach the desired goal, it will be through my own exertions." "Thinkwell. Money isa power ful auxiliary." "One that I don't possess. Your words of praise are the first that I have received from any source, and they are very welcome; but I do not desire help from any one without rendering an equivalent- that I could not do in this case" "You are independent ' said the gentleman, a little sharply. The blood mounted in a brilliant glow to her face. "The lessons of life, learned in the school of adver sity, are not likely to teach us de pendence on those about us," she replied. "You talk bitterly for a girl of your age," he remarked. "Ada, what is the cause of it! Has life held no happiness, no joy, no plea sure for you all these years that you have lived ?' S"Yes," she continued, "until I was twelve years old my life was one continued flush of happiness, with only one dark cloud, the death of my mother, though I was almost too young to realize my loss then. The" War Oll;e' in "inrlnn los given orders for an ndlilional prchasise nof :I,Oi inns of New Zealand oets. My father -lied when I was in my fturtcenth year, and sin:ce then my life has been one continued struggle with poverty." "It is very strange that you have no friends, no relatives." "I have relatives, but they are insensible to my welfare. It makes no difference to them whether I sink or swim. I don't know why I should be telling you all these things," she added. "Because I asked you," he re plied. "Your confidence shall be respected." " You have been very thoughtful and kind to me since I have been an inmate of this house. Allow moo to thank you for your many little acts of courtesy." "I should be better pleased if you would let me assist you." "You can do so by giving me directions where to find a respect able and cheap boarding-house 1" Herman Singleton stroked his moustache in perplexity. Cheap boarding-houses were not much in his line, but, thinking for some mo ments, it occurrel to him that he had accidentally heard of a small house in a quiet, respectable street, where one could get cheap board. A friend of his, a college associate, who had more brains than money, lived there, and taking out a card that hel been given to him, le told Amy of it, and gave her the address. "Remember," he said," that the offer of assistance is open to you a year hence as well as to-day." "Oh," she cried, breaking down, "your kindness makes it harder to go. I came here as a servant, and have received nothing but good treatment; and it is hard to leave so much beauty, brightness, and re .finement, everything that the most asthetic nature could desire, for a small room in a boarding-house." "T'hen why go ?" "lecause I must. Good-bye." She held out her hand, shook his heartily, and vanished quickly out of the room. CHAPTER V,. A SIURPRISE The last article of clothing had been put away, the last good-bye was said, and Rena was put in ka bed carefully, before Amy arose to go. The parting was bitter, far more so than Amy had supposed it would be at first. Her face was the last that Amy looked on in the house, for after she had said fare well to every one she stole up to the nursery again, as if loth to leave her clharge, and took a last long look. With a heart almost bursting she went quickly down the stairs, out of the front door, and entered a street car, which finally set her down at the boarding-house. Shte rang the bell, and was admitted to the parlour by a prim little maid, who said the mistress would be down soen, turning up the gas as she spoke. Amy looked around her, at the homely but clean carpet, and at the walls with their pictures. She started up with an exclama tion of surprise. "Surely this is the picture that wted to hang over the mantel in Mrs. Wollerton's room I Yes,it is the same ; I know it is!" "Do you wish to see me f" asked a voice; and Amy turned from the summer land:cape to meet the en quiring glance of the landlady. Taking a step forward, the girl raiee.l one hand, and, in a voice scarcely above a whisper, asked : "Is it lpossible that one whom I have believed to be dead for two long years is alive I" The landlady drew lherself up hanghtily. " I am not a ghost that I know of. Will you come to busi ness, if you please, miss ?" Amy sprang forward, with a glad light in her eyes. "Don't you re cognise me, Aunt Louise 1 Have you forgotten your little pet, Amy Jones? Ah, you know me now'" she replied, as a look of recognition passed over the old lady's face, and she opened her arms to receive her darlimtg. " Ttank the Lord that He hIas lot me live to a e this sighlt I Oh, Amy, how gla3 I am to look on your face again! Poor child I how I have longes to nave you with me after I heard that your papa had died I" Aud Amy didl not doubt the sin cerity of her words wheo she felt the pressure of her arms, the kisses on hIer cheeks, and sasv the glad tears rolling over her face. " Ctte, sit down, my dear, and let me look at you. Why, bless ty soul i you are a young lady, aid I had expected to see you a little girl still. Well, old folks thinkl that the young must stand still, but they go on growing all the same. " Now, tell me all about yourself" Amy gave her entire history, omitting nothing that had happened since her father died, and Mhs. Wol lerton laughed and cried by turns, as her favourite told how she had battled so sucessfully with an ad verse fate, ending by saying that thIe one motive of her life was to fit herself for teaehinrg. "I shall never make myself known to thie Merediths, nor do I wishl them to know of me; so, auntie, I think I shall keep my new name, Ada GasCon. I have come to live with you now, if you can find a nook in your dear heart and home for me." "Of course I'll find one for you, and you shall go to school just as much as you wast to. Don't shake your head, for I have some money, and nobody in the world to spend it on but youmrslf. Just to thlink of the trumped up lie of that ra-cally man who tried to get you into his power. iless your heart, child, I have livred at the old place ever cince, till last year, and I never sat an eye on him. Just to tlhink that you have been living Ihere two years in drudgery, and I didn't know it." "Notdrusgery, aunt. Miv lifeat .[a. Garmanna's was rathler pleaoant." "Oi, yes, I dare say, nursing a svoiled ciil wos rather ploasant." Mr Tvrmornor h1i llaerl' ant lh,-r re lor , .I $ tOil . , tione l eIl | w ith a V iil ritn Sioe. "I would rather do that than be dependent on any one," was the quick reply. "Just like your father. He was too proud to ask anything of his father-in-law, so his business went to the dogs. Don't you be too in dependent to do as I say." "I don't want to be a burden to you," replied Amy. " Who says you'll be a burden! When 1 get tired of you I'll tell you. I'll send for your trunk to morrow." "But, auntie, if you are really so well off, why do you keep boarders " asked the girl, with a quizzical look on her face, for she thought she had the advantage. "Because I wanted something, to do," was the quick reply. " You don't doubt my word, do you ?" "No, no; but I thought you said so to make me feel at ease. I would rather accept aid from you than any one." "You are coming to your senses," said Mrs. Wollerton. "It is a kind ness you are doing me, child, for I am lonely, and oftimes sad because I have no young face about me to make sunshine and music. Come with me, and I'll show you to your room." She led the girl.up to a large, airy bedroom, neatly furnished ; and when Amy was told that was to be hers, she caught her friend about the neck, and kissed her again and again. " Go to sleep, my dear," said the old lady, gently, "so you may have fresh cheeks in the morning. Good night.," and Mrs. Wollerton retired, leaving Amy to herself. A smile, half triumphant, half sarcastic played about the young girl's lips. " The road to knowledge lies open before me," Amy murmured, "and if I do not garland my brows with the chaplet of knowledge, it is my fault. Dear aunt, how she took me in her arms, and kissed nme so many times, and held me so tight that I could not breathe. The same kind heart, the same genial manner of old. Help from her does not gall and chafe like it would from the others." But Mrs. Wollerton did not tell her of the many anxious visits that Oscar Meredith had made to her; how he had tried every means in his power to find his niece. With a rare tact she saw at a glance that Amy ias deeply prejudiced, and the fact that she had thrown aside her right name, only served to confirm her opinion; so she wisely kept her own counsel, and determined to use a little strategy. To describe the feeling of quiet content that stole over the losnely orphan girl, as she laid her head on the pillow that night, would be im possible; there was something heavenly in it; no child to soothe in its broken slumbers, no bells to answer, no commands to obey; for tihe first time in years she could close her eyes with the knowledge that she was mistress of her own movements, go to sleep hllen she was tired, and awake when she willed. (To oE CONTINCED) 