THE TWO CURATORS. 'Whitworth, may I borrow this? queried Sherman, picking up the cur rent number of a certain popular weekly journal from my littered table. ' With pleasure,' I returned, readily, ' I commend you on yourdiscrimination. For enjoyably passing away a leisure space, the papar you have secured is all that could be wished. You'll return it, won't you ?' 'Certainly,' he replied ; and for a moment there was silence between us, the while I regarded him wonderingly. ' Concerning that little matter be tween us,' he drawled, with his nasal Yankee twang-and I couldn't help but notice the supercilious curl on his thin lips'-' it's thoroughly understood, ch ? The lady to the man who can win her ?' My answer was an acquiescent in clination of the head. 'Ah, well," he went on, sneeringly, 'I guess you'll survive the disappoint ment, sonny. I'm off to see her now.' I laughed provokingly, for though the betrothal ring had not been obtained by me, May and myself, I imagined, thoroughly understood each other. Sherman turned at the door, an ugly scowl on his swarthy face, and re quested to know the cause of my hilarity, but, with an expressive shrug, I signified that explanation was un necessary. Crushing the paper savage. ly in his hand, he departed. We were fellow curators, Abe Sherman and I, in the B--Art Gallery, and our duty consisted in safe guarding the various treasures which were daily exhibited to the public. At the time I tell of, we curators were smarting under a sense of stigma, for, despite all precaution, about three weeks previously some costly specimens of uncut gems belonging to the per mnanent collection had unaccountably disappeared front theircase. The affair savoured of the "raculous, for though the stones had dished, the ease had been left absolutely intact. Stang with the taunts of negligence, all had pro tested that their vigilance had never been relaxed, and the theft coud not possibly have been committed in their respective duties. After the stir had quietened some what, and tile vituperative energy of the local newspaper correspondents had been duly worked off, the affair looked like being relegated to the long list of unsolvable mysteries. But the stigma was not so readtly effaceable, and, as for myself, I confess it certainly rankled, billing me with a determination to keep tmyself fully alive in tile future. Sher. man was the latest addition to the guardian staff. From the very first davy.he had entered the g.i-lery-two nudnths previously-he had per?.'ymed his duties in an exemplary manner tha. left no room for complaint. His credentials from the other side had been Cxcuptional, and the chief was convinced of his integrity. Not so myself, however, for, some days after the robbery, I had been somewhat astonished, when we had been on duty together, to observe what seemed to me uncommonly like a pre arranged signal pass between him and a suspicious looking visitor whom I had been keeping under close observation. Probably it signified nothing. I was rnistrustful, for was he not my rival I And yet The very morning after the con. versation between us set forth at the commencement of this relation, how ever, the whole place was thrown into consternation by the startling announce. -ment made by Jukes, the guardian on duty, that the Rajah's sword hilt had disappeared during the night. This curio-a costly specimen of incrusted jewel-wo r-had been spirited away in a like mysterious manner. Excitedly, we clustered round the case, which, as far as the eye could discern, I was intact, and hoarsely whispered con. jectures as to the perpetrator flew from lip to lip the while we waited the arrival of the chief and the local detectives. 'It's a gang for a fiver I' was the dictum of the officer, as he readily Gleaned the facts. ' Who was on duty last night in this room ?' 'I was so, officer!' Sherman ex claimed promptly. 'Did you note anything suspicious?' 'Nothing t' he returned, emphatic ally. ' Between four ard six the place was practically deserted, but I was right here all the time, and, after the late affair, I tell you a fly couldn't have annexed a speck of dust without ene spotting him. It heats me !' SUmph l!' exclaimed the officer, scanning the case closely through his lens. 'The flies have -flown this time anyhow, in spite of the spider's watch fulness.' Sherman started at the implied im- I putation-an action which was not lost upon the astute detective, who, having I completed his examination, without another word accompanied the chief into his sanctum. ' \ell, Sherman,' I remarked ban teringly, when we were left.alore-for the temptation to have a quiet fling at him proved irresistible-' how fared the quest ?' Did the lady prove amen -.?ble to your blandishments i?' ' Yes, sonny,' he retorted, displaying Iis strong, white teeth in an exasperat. ing grin, ' you can congratulate me, I reckon, right now I' And with a short laugh he turned on his heel and strode away, leaving me absolutely dumfounded at his amaz dng audacity. SOh, by thobye,' he remarked, stay tng at the door,' here's your paper. Guess we're still friends, anyhow \- . . Shake ? No ? \VWell, just as you !please.t As hedrew the journal from his b'east pocket, all unobserved by him a small fragment of paper futtered to the flora. V Well,tr a cool liar,' I burst out hohly, youa certainly take it .i' But he only replied with a mocking laugh, as he swung through the door and dis- I appeared.' .. Half-mec??anically I stopped and picked up the bit of crumpled paper I which had fallen from his pocket. Smoothing it over, I discovered upon I it what at first sight appeared to be an arithmeical calculation of some sort, It was "ribbled in pencil, and read as follows : 543-4/9-409.2. rLy.7.48.3- 9-22.2.?.-r- -- y.x s.t4 -6 I 8.1o.5.37-- r1.29.--..7.3. Turning the paper ovwr. curiosity in my fingers I scrutinized the figures again and again in a vain endeavour to decipher their meaning, and then, a suddenly, as I noted the indistinct inupress of the circular dating.stamp, which proclaimed that it had passed through the post-office, it struck me that this wvas no arithmetical calculation, but a cipher message of some kind. But what could it mean ? 543- 4/9 .. Puzzled, I dropped into the window seat, and, as I did so, my eyes lit upon the folded cover of the jou.nal, beside me. The top portion of the front cover, bearing the familiar title and the date, alone was visible. ' 543-4/9 !' I repeated, abstractedly. And then, all in a moment, it occurred to me that I also had many times jotted down just such another batch of figures, in certain futile attempts to win an initial letter competition, which some time previously had been announced weekly by this, my favourite journal. The idea was to form the best sentence from the intial letters so taken, and as I noted the number of the issue and the date of the paper April 9th-the connection struck me, and I divined that the key lay to my fingers. Eagerly turning the leaves I found the page indicated, " 409." and scrutinized the second column for the clue to the hidden message. Nor did I look in vain, for at a glance I dis covered that the initial letters of many of the lines the page down were ticked by a very faint pencil.mark. This, then, was why the wily Sherman, who had never to my knowledge mani. fested any interest in the periodical literature of the day, had borrowed my journal. He had had some ulterior motive. This weekly paper was a key to a prearranged code of correspondence with some acquaintance. The mystery was a mystery no longer. The enigma was solved ! Deducing that the figures given indicated the number of the respective lines, I set to' work with my pencil, and in a few moments had evolved the following message from the initial letters of the lines corresponding to the numbers : SMaeet-7-nmail-'ll- -sway -0. For some seconds I gazed at the wolds before me at a loss to comprehend their meaning. Then, their full significance dawned upon me, and, I sprang to my feet with a suppressed cry of triumph. 'So, Mr. Sherman,' I muttered, ' you have employed your slack time to some purpose,' Without loss of time I sought the detective and the chief, and straightway placed the facts before them. The officer listened to my breathless ex planations in silence, and, when I had finished my recital, his face was illumined by a meaning smile. ' Mr. Whitworth,' he remarked, deliberately, carefully placing the papers in his pocket, ' I congratulate you on .rour perspicuity. From the first I surmisl1 the culprit must be looked for inside the b!uilding. Myexamination of the case strengthened this beiicf. The screws along the side, proximate to the missing relic, have bei !anrpered with, allowing the case to be tilted up. wards from its supporting pedestal and the insertion of the depredator's hand. The marks of the screwdriver were fresh upon them,' and, though scarcely apparent to the naked eye, easily dis cernible through my glass. The theft I am prepared to swear could hardly be accomplished under two minutes by the most dexterous swellmobsman at large. ' Two minutes is a long time, con. sidering the publicity of the apartment. Wherefore my deduction I The robbery was committed between four. and six yesterday afternoon. ' I need scarcely impress upon you the imperativeness of absolute silence. Good I You will meet me at six in the station-master's office. For this night only, you and I will pose as railway porters.' Punctually at the time appointed I presented myself at the rendezvous, attired in a great coat with upturned collar which completely shrouded my features. Molineux, the officer smiled approvingly at my precaution, and a few whispered words indica'ed his plans for the capture of the cunning rogues. In a short time we had succeeded in transf' g ourselves into passable mem' .' porter fraternity, and, as I regarued myself amusedly in the glass, I was prepared to defy anyone to recognise in this rough-looking railway servant, ' bearded like the pard,' the clean shaven custodian of the munlci pal art treasures. As the London mail was signalled into the station we made our way on to the platform, and, mixing with the waiting crowd, busied ourselves officiously with the passengers' luggage. ' Now, Whitworth, keep your eyes peeled,' enjoyed Molineux, in a hoarse whisper, as the train glided along the platform and the passengers surged forward to secure their seats ; ' you're dealing with a deep lot. Take my word for it.' Even as he spoke I discerned a muffled figure crouching in the shadow of the subway, anxiously regarding the standstill train. And then, as I fol lowed the direction of his gaze, I saw a woman, whose face was concealed by a thick veil, appear at the door of a firstalass compartment for a second, and carelessly let fall a folded paper. Molineux observed the convert act, too. Warning me with a glance to follow him, he seized a bag at his side, and shambled up to the compartment reaching it simultaneously with the mysterious man, who had 'left the shadow and approached the door. Even as he placed his foot on the step and thrust a small parcel into the hands of the expectant woman, the detective was upon him. There was a sudden scuffle, a sharp 'click I click I' and Abe Sherman found himself lying face downwards on the floor of the compartment hors de combas. ' Mark the other I' yelled Molineux, and like a flash I threw myself upon her ere she had the ghost of a chance to use the deadly weapon which she was in the act of drawing forth from her pocket. She fought like a possessed fury, but, taken by surprise at the suddenness of the attack, the advantage was all with me. 'The struggle was of short duration. Putting out my 'strength, I secured her arms in a vice like grip and slowly forced her two hands together, when the officer coolly affixed the bracelets, and she fell back on the cushions with a despairing shriek of laughter. Her veil had been torn away in the struggle, disclosing the features of no attractive woman, but the clean shaven resolute face of a man in his prime. ' Kit Gorham, ' the Yankee Terror, by all that's providential !' exclaimed the detective, jubilantly. ' What a stroke of luck I' 'Curse you for a blundering fool I' snarled that worthy to his dazed accomplice; and, in a fit of blind, un controllable fury, he kicked him again aad again in the face. In due'course, Gorham and his con federate, the exemplary Sherman, alias 'The Spider,' received their just deserts, and the generous reward of a grateful city council removed all existing obstacles to the fulfilment of my dearest hopes: And now, when,: the, dornestic atmospheiic conditions are a trifle stormy-for - Mrs Whitworth has her moments like all the dear freatutes-I produce my green backed favorite, and I quietly remark : ' Let's see, his name was -Sherman, wasn't it- ? On the whole, we are a very happy couple.-Tit Bits. 