Gospel Cars. In recent issues of the Methodist there have been several references to the desirability and need of instituting what in Australia would be a new thing — an attempt to supply religious ordinances and literature to those who are beyond the reach of ordinary methods, by means of Gospel Mission Cars. Whether the pro posed plan will be attempted, and whether if attempted, it would prove successful, it is impossible, at present, for various reasons, to decide. The matter has been before the Executive Committee, and though some could not see their way, because of the difficulties to be contended against, to vote for the in auguration of this scheme, a consider able majority of the Committee decided that under certain conditions it would be safe to enter upon this method of Christian woik. The conditions are, that at least £200 must be m hand before tbe work is undertaken, and that in order to create this initial fund the collection to be taken up at the Con ference meeting of the Sustentation Society should be devoted to this pur pose. The whole scheme, therefore, rests with our people. The Con ference may pass resolutions, but they will be in vain unless our people furnish the means with which to carry them out. That there is need for some such methods of reaching the scattered populations of this great 'colony, no one acquainted with the conditions of life in remote localities will deny. We feel our responsibility to God as far as the heathen in other lands are concerned, and rightly so ; for as a Church we glory in the honour of the great com mission God has entrusted to us, and we believe that love for the perishing heathen is always and everywhere an inevitable sign of spiritual vitality. But this fact does not relieve us of our obligations to those in our own land and of our own race who are destitute of the means of grace. We are apt to suppose that because the privileges of Christianity are within our reach that they are available to all the inhabitants of this great and highly favoured colony. But this a grievous mistake. What are the facts of the case'? Whether it be commonly known or not to church-going people generally, there are thousands of people in New South Wales as spiritually destitute as the unchristianised denizens of the jungles of central New Guinea. There are many who, in other days, have known something of Christian ordinances, and who, year after year, hunger and thirst for the Word of God and for Christian fellowship. They never see a minister of religion ; they never attend public worship, and are practically cut off from all visible relations to the Church of God. Then there are thousands more who neither hunger nor thirst for anything beyond the gratification of their physical needs. Whole families grow up like rabbits in a warren, with no spiritual instruction, to whom fear of the law is the only moral restraint, and who have never been baptized ' in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' Appalling proofs of this have repeatedly been made in the secular press and by the ministers of various Christian Churches, and the question is repeatedly brought home to us, Is the Church fulfilling its ?whole duty so long as these people are left in a state of spiritual starvation ? or to bring the matter closer to ourselves, Is the Methodist Church doing her share — that is, all she is able to do — towards the evangelization and in struction of outlying and scattered populations? And it is no defence to say that this is a matter which rests upon the Conference. It rests upon in dividual Christians, and on the Metho dist Church as the aggregation of Methodist Christians. The Conference could and would undertake this work and carry it on with unfailing vigour if the Methodist Church were to say, This work must be done, and here is the I money to do it with. Now, in the judgment of the Execu tive Committee the time has come when some attempt should be made, outside of our existing agencies, to carry the bles.-ings of the Gospel to isolated families and hamlets. The plan con templated is to build Gospel Missionary Cars ; to furnish them with living apartments and with stocks of Christian literature ; and then to put them in charge of ministers on probation or other suitable agents, ' whose duty it would be to travel in districts outside the orbits of circuit ministers, and to act as colporteurs, and fulfil all the functions of a Christian minister, wher ever and whenever the opportunity arises. To some members of the Committee this proposal appears, at the present, to be impracticable. The diffi culties- of travel, and the vast spaces between the various localities it is desired to reach, and, above all, the lack of means, appear to them to block the way. It is only right to say, how ever, that not a single member of the Committee was opposed to the plan itself, and that, provided sufficient means were available they would not regard other difficulties as insurmountable. For this reason the Committee's resolution has been made contingent on the formation of an adequate fund ; and it rests with our people to say at the annual meeting of the Sustentation Society whether they will supply the means for this great work. We trust that through that meeting the great Head of the Church will command us to 'go forward.' We sometimes advocate the needs of city Methodism, and on the grounds that it would stimulate the vitality of our country churches ; but it is equally necessary to build up the cause of God in distant places and amongst sparse populations ; for that spiritual life-blood will, sooner or later, come back to the great com mercial heart of the country, aud will in an extraordinary way affect the moral and spiritual health of the nation. This has been the case in England, and it would be the case here. We entreat our people everywhere to ask for a Divine token at the forthcoming Con ference meeting. And let all those who have the privilege of attending that meeting go to it with expectant hearts, and God will honour the faith of His Church by giving it grace to devise liberal things. 