CHAPTER VIII. Royal Marines' Ball. "Great thunder, here it is!" Stevens and I were in the corridor or passage abaft the saloon, from which the sleeping cabins opened out on either hand; we each carried a lighted candle, and were looking into the berths one after another. Walter had just turned the handle of the end door on the starboard side—this was the little sea-bedroom occupied by Daisy and peeped cautiously in, when he withdrew his head as though he had been shot, violently banged the door, and hysterically yelled out the words I have just recorded. "What's in there—the ghost?" said I. "Yes, yes. Don't open the door. Wail till I'm out of the way. Murder! it's a dreadful looking thing! This is terrible!" "Get out of the way if you're frightened," said I. "You're as bad as the worst of the women! Stand by, now, for I'm going to open that door." He skipped nimbly along the passage, and van- ished. I am free to admit that my pulse beat a little quicker as I grasped the handle and turned it. There was undoubtedly something in there: something which had thrown several persons into the utmost consternation, and with the incredible velocity of thought, even whilst I was in the act of opening the door, my mind took a flight of spe- culation that would take me half a dozen pages to picture. I held the candle above my head, stared into the little interior, and uttered a shout, whose note was made up partly of astonishment, partly of consternation, and partly of wild, uncontrolla- ble mirth. The spectacle which confronted me was at once grotesque, startling, and extraordinary. The light of the candle was faint and illusive, and in the pale gleams the sight looked more terrifying on account of its comparative vagueness. Seated upon the edge of the bunk, confronting the door, was a huge ape, or some beast of that species, making most horrible grimaces as it peered at me from under the brim of one of Daisy's sun-hats, which it had perched rakishly upon its head. Around its shoulders it hugged a red cashmere shawl, gripping the folds of it to its throat with its hairy paws. The blubber lips of the creature worked convulsively, its little eyes winked ferociously, and it swung its shaggy legs in vehement excite- ment. I stood regarding this very singular apparition, whilst you might have counted fifty, undecided in my mind how to act. I had heard that this sort of monkey is occasionally a fierce and formidable creature, and I reflected that unless I were cau- tious the animal might attack me, and prove a very ugly assailant, for, as it squatted there, it looked as big as a man. As much of its hair as I could see was rough and matted, from which I knew it had been in the water. Clearly the thing had either escaped or fallen overboard from one of the adjacent ships, and had swum to our hulk. "What is it?" cried Daisy, appearing in the end of the passage. "A huge beast in your cabin, and masquerading in your clothes," said I, giving vent to an uncon trollable shout of laughter at the ridiculous as- pect of the thing. "Good gracious!" she exclaimed. "What are we to do with it?" I was about to answer when the creature, jib- bering wildly to itself, made a sudden spring tor- wards me. I leapt aside, and the sweep of the animal's body past me extinguished the candle I held, and left me in darkness. An instant later a burst of shrieking from the saloon gave me to know that the creature had made its ap- pearance there. I ran along the passage. Daisy, still stood at the entrance to it. The brute had brushed by without touching her. The sight was truly ludicrous. My wife, the servants, and the valiant Stevens stood huddled together round the foot of the mizzen mast, whilst the animal, in its hat and shawl, sat with its legs crossed under its haunches upon the table, devouring mixed biscuits out of a cake basket that stood there, with fearful avidity. "I don't think you need be afraid of the poor thing," said I. "It has probably been some shipboard pet." "It seems half-starved," said Daisy, approach ing the table, and talking through ripples of laughter. "My best hat and shawl ! What shall we do with it, papa?" "Shall we come down and catch it for you, sir?" called Spry through the open skylight, at which the three seamen were watching and croaking themselves hoarse with laughter. "No, no," I answered. "You would find it an awkward job. Is that your ghost, Prand?" "Ay, sir. I allow that's him." The animal continued munching away till it had emptied the contents of the cake basket, regard- ing us all very attentively whilst it wrinkled and puckered its hideous face in the act of mastica- tion. Very warily, I approached it quite close; it eyed me unconcernedly, whence I concluded that it had been used to the company of men. "How on earth are we to get rid of the crea- ture?" said my wife. "I could never sleep with it roaming about the ship all night, and the thought that it might come bursting into my cabin at any moment." "Let's get it for'ard, sir, and keep it for a pet," called down Allen. "I've been used to monkeys, though never to such a big 'un as that." The brute, which had been stretching itself with many faces, made a sudden dart off the table, as though it understood the suggestion, and was of- fended by it; clasping the shawl tightly round its muscular shoulders it scooted right towards the little group lurking by the mizzen mast, who, with piercing yells, fled. Then followed a speil of scrambling, and dodging, and gambolling, and yelling, with the subdued roar of the seamen run ing through it all, for I must admit that the scene was most ridiculous and mirth-provoking. The ape seemed to be enjoying the fun enormously, and the terrified squealing of my wife and the servants appeared to incite it to further playful antics. For my own part, I thought I should have suf- focated at the sight of the partially-clad brute skipping round the table in amicable chase of the affrighted females. Oddly enough it took no no- tice of Daisy; I suppose it saw that she was not disposed to join in the fun of running away. Ste- vens had taken the first opportunity to bolt up the companion steps; he was genuinely frighten- ed, and cut his hook to avoid the ignominy of skip- ping about the saloon along with the women. The ridiculous scene was ended by the ape mak- ing a sudden dash but through the quarter-deck door, which I hastily shut when the animal had made its exit. Ultimately, Prand enticed it into the forecastle with a hit of meat, and when he had got it there, he shut it down the forepeak for the rest of the night. So terminated the ghost scare, which had been rendered the more significant per- haps from the tradition that our hulk was haunt ed. Early on the following morning, when the bum-boatman came alongside, according to his daily wont, he told us that the ape had escaped over board from a Danish brig, lying about half a mile to the southward of us. It was a pet of the cap- tain's, who had been ashore in a great state of mind, and offered a reward of a sovereign for the restoration of the creature, "which," said the boat- man, with an avaricious grin, "I'll go and claim, and take the hape along w' me, if so be as you've no objection." I told him he was quite welcome to do so if he could contrive to get the animal into the boat, which I feared he would find no easy matter. However, Spry managed this very well by throwing a lasso cleverly over the thing's should- ers, which pinned its arms down to its sides when hauled taut, and rendered it helpless. In this way it was quite easily led down into the boat, still wearing Daisy's hat and shawl, both of which it had pretty well done for, and so we got rid of our singular visitor. And now I think the next incident which befel us, in any way worthy of mention, was our going ashore at the invitation of Captain Talbot, to wit- ness the sports at the Royal Marine Barracks. As an old sailor, inocculated early in life with the traditional prejudice of the sea. I never cottoned very kindly to soldiers. But I make a great exception in the case of that gallant corps, the Marines. I have always had the greatest admira- tion for that distinguished regiment; they seem to me to embody all the best qualities of the two great services they equally represent. Their an- nals are brilliant, and untarnished by disaffection. Throughout all the darkest hours of national ad- versity, the Marines have always remained staunch and loyal. England has never yet known the day when her "Jollies" have faltered. Amid the snows of Afghanistan, in the sandstorms of Egypt, under the burning suns of West Africa, have their valiant colors fluttered; wherever a British man-of-war has penetrated, there has the Marine been. A gay and festive scene it was that we found enclosed within the walls of the large green parade ground of the Walmer Barracks. The place was packed with the friend's of the officers and men—I should not have thought that Deal held as many people as were here assembled—and the teeming scarlet or blue uniforms imparted a bravo show of color to the animated picture. Flags flew from every available post; whie marquees, erected specially for the occasion upon the grass, shone like ivory in the sun; the brilliantly attired band from the headquarters blared out fine martial strains in the middle of the green; their sentries, attired in their neatest uniforms, with the arms glistening as though encrusted with jewels, pac- |ed steadily on their measured tramp; every win- dow in the long-winged barracks winked back its miniature suns, as if the red- coats were keeping up a careless fusilade upon the crowd of spec- tators; carriages and wagonettes, bright with the colors of ladies' raiment, constantly came rolling on to the ground; officers, with their profession expressed in every pose and gesture of their trim, smart figures, flitted about, impatiently acknow- ledging the round of salutes with which they were ceaselessly greeted—such was the animated spec- tacle that burst upon us as we passed through the barrack gates on that warm blue afternoon to view the Marine displaying his physical and gymnastic ability. A non-commissioned officer, with a blaze of gilt stripes on his arm, and freshly pipe-clayed gloves on his hands, conducted us to an enclosure which, I could see by the sort of people in it, was reserved for officers' friends. We had, by this time, made a good many acquaintances in Deal, and moved slowly through the throng, shaking hands here, exchanging greetings there, or bowing and hat- raising elsewhere. The sports had not yet com- menced, though great preparations were visible within the large roped-off circle reserved for the display, where enough Marines to conquer a king- dom of natives were busily coming and going, the band playing away bravely all the while. "There are the Applebys," said my wife, pre- sently. "Where?" said Stevens, quickly. She waved her parasol in the direction, without answering, where I beheld the Major in a check tweed knickerbocker suit, and his daughter in a sort of sylph-like costume of white. They were strolling in our direction; the result was we soon met. After the usual civilities of such a meeting had been exchanged, Miss Appleby asked if we were going to the dance that evening. My wife said yes. "And you?" she inquired, sweeping round upon the smiling Walter. Oh, yes, he was going—certainly; of course— rather! "How charming!" chirruped the young lady. "I positively think I should have backed out of going at all had I not been sure of getting some partners." "Tut, tut, Connie," grumbled her father. "You'll get partners enough, my love. Don't go about asking every youth you meet whether he's going to dance with you—for that's about it; otherwise you'll find yourself debarred from the really good dancers, who are pretty sure to ask you." Walter looked very blank at this indirect thrust; the coquette's vanity was pleased, and she smiled graciously at her father. Just then Captain Tal- bot came sailing down upon us, with his arm ex- tended straight from the shoulder. "Ha! ha! Here we are! Come to have a look at Tommy Atkins enjoying himself, Mrs. Stor- mouth! That's right. You must persuade your father not to be too critical, Miss Appleby. Caval- ry officers have a standard of smartness which the poor, amphibious Marine has but little chance of attaining. What do you think of our band, Miss Stormouth?" "It is better than your fifes and drums," she answered, laughing. "Oh, hang it all!" he protested, "is that the best word of praise you can give us? Why, don't you know that the Chatham Division band of the Red Marines is considered one of the very finest mili- tary bands in England?" "Oh, they play well—they play well!" exclaimed the Major. "Give 'em a good quickstep in two four time, and see if the banging and clashing they'll raise won't stir the blood within you." "Why do military bands, off their martial par- ade, always attempt selections for which they are singularly unsuited?" said I. "A good march, or a fine, thumping overture—yes! But they will en- deavor to render soft and delicate pieces suitable only for the modulated orchestration of strings." "Modulated orchestration—a good expression," said Captain Talbot. "The 'piece de resistance' of a military band is usually a solo on the cornet." "With a cracked note in the middle of it to complete the resistance," said the Major, laugh ing. The sports now began, and we moved into a po- sition whence we could command a clear view of the ring. I cannot pretend to recall all the items of the programme. The exhibition called foirth much laughter, and plenty of applause. There were tugs of war, obstacle races, gymnastic feats, sword and bayonet contests, and one im- mensely popular item in the shape of a bicycle race, wherein about two dozen men half-clad whirled round the course so many times that I grew dizzy with watching them. We had tea in one of the large marquees, hemmed in by a gen- teel mob whose breeding, I perceived, in no wise prevented their freely using their elbows. One young lady fainted with the heat, to the great gratification, apparently, of the regimental drctor. After tea we stayed to watch a cock fight be- tween the officers, wherein several young men, with large moustaches, squatted down on their haunches, trussed like fowls with sticks through their bent arms and legs, and endeavored to roll one another over, to the inexpressible delight and amusement of the rank and file. And then the hour heing about 6 o'clock, we left the barracks to return to the Calenture, having very agree- ably killed the afternoon. My dancing days were long since over, and, though I had loved to shake a foot as well as anybody in my youth, and could sympathise with the youngsters' love of the diversion, still I would gladly have exchanged the obligation of going to the ball that night for the privilege of remaining on board, and quietly smoking my cigar in the balmy beauty of the starlight. However, if we all followed our own inclinations, this would be a very selfish- world, as I was informed by my daughter, whose object in persuading me of this fact was to enable her to follow her own whim; so I yielded to feminine logic, and like the good father that I have ever striven to be, resigned myself to the tedious and somewhat pensive task of watching the young generation enjoy the plea- sures in which I had now grown too old to in- dulge. Daisy looked uncommonly pretty, I thought, in the low-necked amber-colored dress in which she clad herself for this occasion. Where she and my wife got their fine garments for this dance I have not the faintest idea; I certainly did not expect that they would have come to sea provided with ball dresses. But the ways of women are as won- derful as they are mysterious. Walter, of course, had got himself up in a quite irreproachable style. He wore a white waistcoat, upon the breast of which hung a gold-rimmed eye glass—a piece of snobbery I had never known him affect before. He had shown the great presence of mind and foresight to purchase himself a flower for his button- hole at a little greengro- cer's shop we passed, on our way from the sports back to the boat. I recollect thinking at the time that it would have been but an act of gentle- manly grace, to say the least of it, for him to have purchased a bouquet for Daisy at the same shop. I think, even in my rough sailorly youth, I should have done as much for the girl to whom I was engaged to be married; but I suppose that it did not occur to him. "lt will be very hot in a crowded ball-room." said I, leaning back in my chair at dinner, with a glance up at the open skylight. "Do you pro- pose to stay late, my dear?" [sic] of a chaperon at a ball is not particularly en- tertaining." "Oh, but you will stay to the end, won't you?" pleaded Daisy. "You can go in to supper, you know, mother—chaperons are always expected to do that—and stay there as long as you like, talk- ing to the other chaperons. And as for father well, there's sure to be a place where he can smoke and drink and play cards. But I do so want to stop to the end, as it's sure to be such a jolly programme; they always have such an aw- ful lot of waltzes at military balls, and soldiers are splendid dancers, too, and—you will stay, won't you, mother?" "I have no wish to be late," said my wife. "We must stop to the bitter end—extras and all, of course," said Stevens in a cocksure way. "Thanks for your consideration," said I coldly. "However, as it will be a treat of rare occur- rence to Daisy, and as she so particularly wishes it, we will stop." "Miss Appleby will, no doubt, be pleased," said my wife, with a significance there was no mis- taking. "And Captain Talbot, too," exclaimed Walter, with a bit of a sneer. "What do you mean?" said I, a little sternly perhaps. "Oh, well," he answered, "a 'quid pro quo' is always fair." "You have challenged the remark Mrs. Stor- mouth just made," said I, "by the marked degree of attention you have paid to Major Appleby's daughter since we made their acquaintance. In fact. I cannot help admitting that I regard the thing as in very bad taste on your part, as an engaged man. Your reference to Captain Talbot is in equally bad taste, seeing that he has merely been paying Daisy those common little acts of attention which she might naturally have expect- ed to receive from you." I spoke with a little warmth, for I was now touching upon a subject to which I had been in- tending to refer for some time past. The young fellow, still preserving his congenital smile, color- ed deeply, and toyed with his wine glass, but made no answer. "Walter was only joking," said Daisy. "Do not let us have a quarrel just on the eve of going to a ball. It would quite spoil our fun for the remainder of the evening." "I am sure I do not wish to quarrel," said Stevens, magnanimously, and with this the sub- ject dropped. Daisy was greatly exercised as to how she should get to the dance without ruffling her hair, over which I believe she had spent an hour and a half. If she put on a hat she would disarrange the tresses, and this, of course, was quite out of the question. "We should have ordered a carriage to be at the gangway steps by ten o'clock," said I, gravely. "What a pity now that I forgot it when we were ashore." "No, but seriously, what is Daisy to do?" said my wife. "She cannot wear a hat, and she certainly cannot walk through the streets without one." "Will you be able to wear a hat?" said I. "Yes; and I can put on my walking cloak over this costume. But Daisy—" "I might manage to walk a little way," said Daisy. "My opera cloak is long and warm, and the hood of it would cover my head." "And it will be pretty dark, so that nobody will notice you much," added Stevens, encouragingly. "Then I think we can get over the difficulty," said I, "From the pier to the barracks is a long walk, but from "Walmer beach to the barracks is only a biscuit-toss. We will make our boat pull up to Walmer and land there, when you will only have to trip across the shingle, and there you are." Stevens was at hand with an objection. He muttered that the pebbles of the beach would ruin his pumps, in which he had apparently contem- plated walking through the Deal streets. But the thing was so frivolous nobody took any notice of his complaint. By half-past nine we were all ready for going ashore. Twenty minutes' row brought us right abreast of the Marine Barracks; I held the yoke lines in my own hands, and headed the boat in for the beach. She grated her forefoot lightly upon the shingle; two watermen flung their immense carcasses upon her, and by sheer strength of arm dragged the little fabric to half her length high and dry. We jumped out. "Shall you want us to wait for you, sir?" ex- claimed Spry. "No. We shall probably be very late," I an- swered. To tell the truth, I had not, until that moment, thought about making provision for our getting on board the hulk again after the dance, and, of course, it was quite out of the question to keep the two men waiting there all night. "Going to the ball, sir, as the orficer gents are a-giving?" croaked one of the watermen, staring with a light grin from Daisy's white cloak and gauze- like dress, to Stevens' pumps. "Yes," said I. "What toime d'ye reckon as you'll be wanting to go aboard again arter the caper-cutting is over?" enquired the other boatman, smearing his nose with the back of his hand. "Oh, probably not till 3 or 4 o'clock in the morn- ing," I answered. "Ger' bless me! A koind of an all-night swarry. It'll be loight by then. Well, we shall be crawling about the beach here by that toime; we'll put ye aboard if you like." "Can I depend upon you?" "As sure as chalk ain't cheese," he answered. Our own boat shoved off to return to the Cal- enture, and the four of us trooped up the shingle towards the barrack gates. The fifes and drums were beating the tattoo as we approached; they ceased abruptly, and a fanfare of bugles rang out in sonorous notes upon the still night air, sing- ing the soldiers' good-night—the "Last Post." Well I knew that call; again and again had I hearkened to it, in the eventide monotony of many a long month, when my ship lay a hired transport off the Taku Forts during our second war with China. A constant procession of carriages rattled past us during our short walk from the water's edge to that portion of the barracks in which the ball was being given. When we arrived at the en- trance, we found a crush of ladies in fluff and feathers and flowers, and men in glittering uni- forms of the sable garb of evening dress. The murmur of many voices arose, whilst from within came the soft silvery strains of a string band, and the subdued rustle of numerous revolving couples. We were marshalled off to the various cloak-rooms by neat- looking soldiers, with white rosettes upon their breasts, where their war me- dals should have been, who seemed to have been chosen for this office on account of being parti- cularly well-spoken, and parting their hair fault- lessly down the middle. I divested myself of my coat and hat, fumbled into one white glove and hopelessly split the other, and allowed myself to drift with the little human stream through into the ball-room. It was a gay, and brilliant, and pretty enough scene, as indeed such spectacles usually are. The immense room—which was the military gymnasi- um—was tastefully decorated for the occasion, as the newspaper reporters would say, and it looked most bright and festive in the abundant drapery of flags and colored bunting which festooned the walls. The gorgeously attired band sat up in a gallery, half-concealed by great folds of crimson hangings, on which were emblazoned the arms and motto of the Royal Marines. But all the life and vivacity of that animated scene was imparted to it by the brilliant crowd, who came and went in a ceaseless, confused blending of hues as they whir- led in unison to the music, or dodged the revolving couples in an erratic promenade on the well-waxed floor. The glittering uniforms of the numerous officers lent an additional sparkle of color to the picture; the eye grew bewildered by the rapid com- ing and going of the redcoats among the rotating multitude, till they speedily grew to look like tongues of flame darting through the restless crowds. Jewels flashed, eyes sparkled; "the rays of the countless streaming lights fell upon the ivory white shoulders of comely women, or gleamed softly from the golden tresses of many waving heads. My wife and Daisy came in by another door, and, spying them enter, I joined them. "Where is Walter?" said Daisy, twirling the programme by the pencil cord. "I don't know; I have lost sight of him," I re- plied. "He was with me in the cloak room, but since then we have got separated by the crowd." Just then the music swelled, as though in a last expiring effort, and died out in a long yearning tremor: and there immediately followed a wild stampede on the part of the dancers. We seated ourselves, and a few moments later Captain Tal- bot, looking very replendent in all his bravery of scarlet and gold, came twisting and writhing his way up to us. "Here you are!" said he shaking hands with us all round. "So delighted to see you. Let me find you a comfortable seat, Mrs. Stormouth. Come this way." He piloted us through the crowd to a far corner of the room, and ensconced my wife upon a long settee, in company with some other dignified looking dowagers to whom he introduced her. "Where is Dr. Stevens?" said he, looking round, as though suddenly missing his presence. "Haven't you brought him with you?" "Yes, but we lost him in the crush," answered I. "I trust I shall profit from his absence," he con- tinued, holding out his hand for Daisy's pro- gramme. "You will give me a dance, Miss Stor- mouth?" "With pleasure." He took her card and wrote his name in three or four places; then exclaim- ing that she must permit him to introduce some partners to her, he went away, and brought up a series of moustache-tipped warriors, who bowed and "requested the pleasure" with a much care- less ease of manner as though they had spent all their lives in doing this sort of thing. "Ought I not to keep several dances for Walter, mother?" said Daisy, when Captain Talbot had gone away in quest of more eligible subalterns. "I should not worry about him; he should be here to claim them," said Maria, with a little toss of her head. "I have discovered Dr. Stevens," said Captain Talbot, returning presently, followed by a giant in blue and scarlet. "He is in one of the ante- rooms, talking to the Applebys. I told him you were here. The Major has come in his Hussar uniform, and quite takes the shine out of us all. Miss Stormouth, may I introduce Lieutenant East- ney, of the Marine Artillery?" The giant inclined his figure from the peaked termination of his shell jacket, and glided into an amiable chat upon the subject of our hulk. Whilst he was talking, Stevens approached. "I have been looking for you everywhere," said he. "Daisy, I hope you have kept plenty of dan- ces for me?" "I can only give you three now!" she answer- ed, whilst the gigantic artilleryman glared at him as though he would like to know what business he bad to come thrusting his oar in. "Three!" He took her card, sulkily, and wrote his name without another word. The music now commenced afresh, and Captain Talbot sprang up spontaneously with the opening bars to present his glistening arm to Daisy, and lead her out to dance. There were a good many people in the room whose acquaintance we had made since we first came into the Downs in our hulk, and we had no lack of pleasant company. The Applebys came across to talk to us, the Major looking a very fine, imposing figure in his gold-braided uniform. His daughter was splendid and radiant in her rich ball dress, but the hectic of her cheeks, the deep cherry hue of her lips, and the unnatural brilliance of her quick, rolling eyes, suggested a degree of health not wholly natural. I thought that, after all, in spite of her distinguished air and proud carriage, the young lady contrasted but indifferently with the girlish freshness of Daisy. My wife and I ventured, on the persuasion of Captain Talbot, to stand up in a set of quadrilles. But it was so long since I had danced, that I found I had forgotten some of the figures, and I fear I must have blundered through the perform- ance in a sorry manner, to the discomfiture of those who were endeavoring to do the involved business in ship-shape style. The good-humored dame who was my partner derived plenty of mer- riment from my mistakes. "You ought to dance well, too," said she. "Sailors are usually the best of dancers." "You should make some allowance for my age, and also for the fact that I have not indulged in the pastime for a long while," said I. "Time was when I reckoned that I could flap a foot with anybody. When I was third mate of a ship named the Highflyer we had a young Irish ap- prentice who was very anxious indeed to learn dancing. I said I woud teach him, and one quiet dog- watch we set-to in a secluded spot of the main deck. He was a hot-headed youth, with somewhat erratic ideas of things. 'Now,' said I, 'I'll teach you the Lancers.' 'Will you?' said he, doubtfully. 'Yes,' I answered. 'You stand over there.' 'You're not making game of me, are you?' said he. 'Of course not,' I answered, laughing. 'Now, you're my vis-a-vis.' 'What do you call me?' he yelled. 'Be jabers, you're another then, and a dhirty blaguard besides.' Our dancing lessons ended with this first experi- ence." (To be continued.) 