STYX RIVER. New EngW District. Ons of Nature's Beauty Spots. By Our Sproeal Correspondent, Styx River ! an infernal soumflnir name— fumiliftr to reader of Greek mythology, yefc known to fow us a river which flows within tho territory of Australia's maternal colony. Yet, though remaining 44 unhonoured and unsung," this modem Stygian stream flows on as day follows day through one of tho most nictiiroMiini slTctches of com j try imairin- ublo. 44 whero is it r will be the question usked. Its Urtliplnco is in the Maclcay Range, at a spot »omo 43 miles almost due east from Arrnidale. Hero trickKs tlio gutiilo rivulet which, gainitig Mrengrh as it finds its way through the rocky gullies, an length becomes a swiftly rushing torrent. Kb sluggish dwifcli stream this, but a liviug force. Irs waters have a goal ro attain, and will nor. bo baulked. So on thojr go with impetuous bound, until they join forces with tho Macleuy, pud finally the confluence flings Itself into tho ocean. At a point some ol> miles from its source tho Styx River is intersected by tho main road from Kompsey. tho head of navigation on tho Maclcuy, and tho somewhat sleepy town of Arinidiile. Unlike its namesake in tho notlior world, tho modern Sfcvx is crossed by no ghost-propolloii ferry heat, hut is spanned by a substantial-looking bridge. Tim trafiio along this road is very heavy at times, and the bridge, notwithstand ing its apparent .sianelmoss, is getting beyond its sphere of usoinlnoss. The wido- awalco Roads and Fridges Department of the oldor colony has therefore placed a b m upon it, and before many weeks have passed if will be superseded by a more imposing structure, ami one more uuennutn to meet tho demands inane upon its strength. Tho now bridge is to bo of tho timber beam order, aud tho work of erect ion lias already boon commenced by Mr. W. F. Oatccs. u coniracior who lias previously carried out similar undertakings in the sumo watershed. Tho spot at which the bridge is to bo placed is one of tlio prottiost iu tho district. Tho -road from Arrnidale approaches it by many sharply turned windings, much resembling a spiral staircase iu the regularity and circumscribed nature of its circling. Tho traveller who essays to approach it by buggy '« other like vehicle must needs bo an export with the 44 ribbon," and keep tho tocd or steeds well in hand, as a very slight deviation from tho propel track would mean headlong precipitation down tho almost, perpendicular which borders tho road all along its downward course. Careful as the driver may be, tho sensation is of necessity thrilling, and tho foot of tho bills is reached with a decided feeling of relief. On this kvnl being reached, ilio traveller, unless de void of all appreciation of natural beauty, is impelled to look in admiration on the rugged liiiis of thrt .Tcogla Range, which bom in the river on cithor side. Thickly tim bered slopes rise abruptly from tho road- side, and attain no inconsiderable altitude. The high country, being also well grassed/and covered with scrub, abounds iu inursupiuls of all kinds, and tlieso enjoy comparative im munity from tho invasion of tlio sportsman. A climb up any of the >toep ascents will re veal to the intruder worosof startled wallabies and wallaroos, vapidly doing tho disap pearing trick to tho accompaniment of tho 44 thump! thump!" of their for midable caudal appendages. Lucky for them if they escitpo the cruel bullet of tho skin seeker. In the rivor itself living creatures are extremely scarce. Tho fisherman will anulo in vain for any of the fumy tribes, unless content to capture tho .slimy, slippery eel, which, by tho way, grows to a trcman- dou« size in many instance. Tlio platypus, that amphibious curiosity, may bo soon in fairly largo numbers at early morning or towards tlio eloso of day, and tho value of the well furred skins spoils death to many of them. Along tho hunlw-of tho rivor the sportsman has ample opportunities of tilling iiis bag, black duck and wood duck being frequently scon, whilo swamp plmasums and other game birds are also in t with occasion ally. Such aro same of tho attractions of thin delightful vallov. Proceeding upward along tho road which loads to Armi- dnlo, u drive of 13 miles from the Styx Rivor bridge brings the traveller to a belated little township culled Wollo- mombi. Its principal buildings comprise two lintel, to one of which is uUmmed a post office and general store, whilo a smithy com- plotcs tho list, of its business places. Of other residents there aro practical! v none. The post office contains a public, telephone, connecting with tho mining settlement of Billirrovo, Knmo 3 miles distant. By moans of this 44 speaking wiro" telegraphed messages cun ho received from, and transmitted to, tlio telegraph station ut TTillgrove, and in this way communication with tho outside world is available. Leaving this nut-of-tlro way linm- lot and pursuing tho road toward Arrnidale for a short, distance, one omno to the hiru-off to Hillgrovo. a mining settlement, of «nmo 12 years standing. Tho one thing Hillgrovo boasts of i« its electric light installation, but. with all that thrown in, tlio place has a very scattered aud desolate appearance. As one who had vVitcd it. remarked, 44 T didn't seo a footpath or a policeman ; so what sort of a town mm you call it?" Unpleaing uk is tho appearance of tho settlement itself, it is how ever well worth a visit, if only to sco the awful gnmd"iir of the gorge on tho edgo of which it is built. At tho base of this immunso gap, the depth of whinh fairly takes one's breath away, mining operations aro bning actively carried on by several syndicates, tho oliicf among which D what i- known as tho Raker's Creek. The workings aro reached by moans of wiro oaves lowered from tho top of the gorge on atonr Mcnl cabins. Mining mn iters in TTill- jrrovi?, which have within the past few months fen languishing somewhat, nro now bream ing brisker, and it. is believed there U a bright, future before tho piano and its htuplo industry. Between Hillgrovo and Amiidftlo tho land is utilised almost ex clusively for grazing purposes, iu is tho enso with tho bulk of tho New England country. The district is renowned for tho salubrity of its climate, the air being fine and invigorating by reason of its altitude above hcii level. Just at the present time it is becoming almost too bracing for tlio northerner, the morning frosts being rather painfully aouto. 