SHORT STORIES. THE JOINVILLE TUNNEL. (Fred M. White, in the November "Cornhill.") CHAPTER I. The sergeant was obdurate. He had his orders, which were as Holy Writ in his eyes. They were cold grey eyes in a face hammered hard on the anvil of officialism. There were more im- portant things than Red Cross stores. "Your stores cannot proceed by this train, Major," said the Bavarian. The whole of the cases consigned to Versailles lay piled up on one another on the narrow platform of St. Quentin station. It was all the more annoying because the horses and wagons had been sent on by Eustace to a point some thirty miles further along the line to Paris, and he had been promised a fair conveyance to Joinville by the gene- ral commanding the Prussian forces in the district. But General Deganfeld was not avail- able at present. It was many miles over the frozen country to his base. A strong French force under General de la Jonge had pushed forward from Arras, and their advent was keeping Deganfeld's hands full. There were rumours that a smaller force of French- men had forced the lines behind Join- ville, and had thus obtained command of the railway line beyond the famous tunnel. But of this the Bavarian sergeant professed to know nothing. A train load of provisions strongly guarded had left for Joinville two hours ago. The sergeant was inclined to flout the idea that this same had fallen into the hands of the enemy. Another train would pass through shortly. This Eustace and Huddlestone had hoped to make use of. They could only sit on their cases now and bemoan their ill fortune. Scattered over the good-sheds beyond the station, a com- pany of Bavarian Infantry held the line. If there were officers, they did not show themselves. "Nothing of the Chesterfield about these fellows," Huddlestone grumbled. "What on earth shall we do now?" Eustace was at a loss for a reply. Sad as it may seem, the Red Cross car- ried suspicion in its train. Doubtless the sacred cause had been abused by spies and others; indeed, the history of the war testifies to the fact. There was the ghost of a grin on the ser- geant's face as he clanked away. Eustace looked along the blackness of the Orloy woods rising to the crest of the hill under which the great tunnel of Joinville bored its way. "Hang me if I know," he said. "We must leave the stores here and get them to pass us on to Joinville. Then we can send the wagons back----" Something came like the hum of a home-flying bee between the two men, and thudded into a wooden sentry box behind them. Along the dark belt of the bending woods a score of smoke jets puffed. Crack, crack, came the bullets. Then a bugle rang out, and from the goods-sheds the Bavarians poured forth like angry grey wasps. Hardly had they formed into line before a cloud of Francs-tireurs broke from under cover and dashed down upon the station. They were as two to one to the Ger- mans. A raking volley barely served to check their headlong progress. They shot through the thin Bavarian line as if it had been so much brown paper. Then, as the Francs-tireurs came hur- ling down on the left flank of the doomed Bavarians, Eustace saw the big sergeant borne down and his skull shattered by the sweeping glance of a sword. Then the Bavarians broke like sheen, and ran for the upper spur of the woods, pursued by the victorious horse men. It was a mere affair of minutes. The affray was barely over before a heavy train came puffing into the station. In less time than it takes to tell, every German aboard, to the number of two score, were prisoners. 'That was well done." said a gay voice as the French cavalry officer in command strode up. "Deganfeld has had the feather drawn over his eye this time. What have we here?" The speaker saluted Eustace and his comrade politely. Huddlestone ex- plained. "Surely you are Captain Armand?" he concluded. "I recollect meeting you after the fall of Metz." "Ah, yes. Pardon that I did not re- cognise Captain Huddlestone. I owe you one good turn, which fortune has enabled me to return. Your stores shall go on to Joinville, and I will accompany them. Indeed. I have strong reasons for getting to Joinville myself. I may say that we only hold the line on sufferance. Deganfeld is closer up than those Bavarians imagine. There are four trains at Martay yonder bringing up supports for the German force beyond Joinville, and the first of these trains may follow on at any mo- ment. So you see I am really between the devil and the deep sea. Still, if I can only get to Joinville----" "Would it not be better to lose no further time?" Eustace suggested. "We have the train here all ready to pro- ceed. With the assistance of your men we could get our stores aboard in a few minutes." Armand agreed. Anxious and wor- ried as he was, nothing appeared to de- prive him of his gay manner. It was more than possible that on emerging from the far side of Joinville tunnel he would find himself and his company of infantry prisoners. What had hap- pened beyond the hills nobody knew. And Armand had his own urgent rea- sons for a flying visit there. Acting upon the instructions of their captain, the troop of cavalry deployed again under the cover of the wood. By this time the stores were aboard the train, together with the handful of infantry that Armand had at his com- mand. Eustace felt his spirits rising. "What a slice of luck for us," he said, gleefully. "Personally, it doesn't matter a scrap to us what happens when we are on the other side of the tunnel. Once there, it is no far cry to our wagons." "Wish we were out of it all the same," Huddlestone muttered. "Tun- nels in war time are best avoided. And there are four miles of this one." Armand swaggered up gaily. The adventure had found him in spirits. "May I ask what your object is?" said Eustace. "Who knows?" responded the vola- tile captain. "Joinville is my destina- tion. Mayhap we shall steam into the hands of the Germans. If you had been waiting, waiting as I have been \--driven from pillar to post--you would understand my thirst for action." "Meanwhile a train load of German troops may be up to us at any mo- ment," said Huddlestone. "This is a mere coup de maine of yours." Armand responded serenely that such was the fact. Even as he spoke the shrill note of a distant whistle cleft the frosty air. The railway was a wind- ing one, and as the crow flies the ap- proaching train was not distant more than a mile--twice that distance as the track went. A thin jet of steam trailed along the valley. "We must go on," Armand cried. "There are troops coming, I hear. All aboard there. We shall have a race for it yet. Laden down as we are, the other train will have the pull of us." A moment later, and the engine was jolting forward. Armand had spoken truly. His little strategy could not remain successful for long, added to which his knowledge told him that the approaching train was laden with Ger- man troops. But it was a race be- tween a passenger and a goods train. Doubtless by this time one of the Ba- varian fugitives had explained matters. Full speed ahead was the order of the day. Despite his gay air and care- less smile, Armand gazed from time to time behind him. There were the most urgent reasons why he should reach Joinville without delay. "They are gaining on us," he cried. The Englishmen responded nothing. The truth was painfully apparent. And the jolt and rattle of the heavy goods trucks rendered conversation a difficulty. So far as Eustace and his colleagues were concerned, the ultimate issue mattered little, as long as they eventually cleared the tunnel. But this was anything but a cer- tainty. A mile or more of line level as a billiard table and straight as a gunbarrel lay before them, ending in the small circular bore that meant the entrance to the tunnel. And by the time Armand and his party were half way to this, he could see behind them the buffers of the approaching engine. "A stern chase is a long chase,'" said Eustace. Armand smiled grimly. Gone was his butterfly manner; no longer did he cherish his moustache. There were enough soldiers on the approaching train to cut his little force to pieces ten times over. "They will be up to us before we are through," said Huddlestone. "You are fond of sport," Armand cut in swiftly. "You bet a little, of course--all Englishmen do. Then I will bet you what you call six to four if that yonder engine never catches us at all." "You can't prevent it," said Eustace. By way of reply Armand scrambled to the front of the truck where the three were standing. He gave a quick, crisp command to the engine driver, and the train immediately commenced to slacken speed. When finally it came to a standstill, its whole length was secreted in the blackness of the tunnel, like a worm underground. "Are you mad?" Eustace cried. "Man alive, in three minutes that other train will be on to us. To destroy them is very well, but why allow us to perish?" "Enough," Armand responded curtly, "I know my business. You will see what you shall see. Uncouple the last three trucks there." The situation looked desperate enough for anything. There was any odds on a fight between the two trains, with the balance faintly in favour of the Germans.. To bring this matter to an issue in the black suffocation of a tunnel was horrible. The train stood fast inside the grim, smoky tunnel. Already, some eight hundred yards away, the pursuing en- gine forged steadily onward. Eustace would have interfered had he dared. In a wondering sort of way he watched a handful of sappers uncoupling the last three trucks, he felt the jolt and jerk as the locomotive slowly moved on, and then he saw a pair of rails with their sleepers wrenched away, leaving an ugly hole in the track. "Now do you understand?" Armand whispered, fiercely. Eustace held his breath in the ex- citement of the moment. He could distinctly hear the thud, thud of the coming train. Then its whistle shrieked hideously, there was a re- sounding crash as the two solid masses met, and in less time than it takes to tell the mouth of the tunnel was packed, jammed with hundreds of tons of wood and steel. There was a scream of escaping steam, the thud of an explosion, a few yells and groans, and all was still. Armand had left behind him a rampart welded into a solid mass like liquid iron is forged under a hammer. Many an hour would ne- cessarily elapse before the way would be cleared again. "This is horrible!" Huddlestone cried. "It may not be war, perhaps," Ar- mand said coolly; "but you will ad- mit that this is no time for the ex- change of social amenities. But for my little stratagem you would have been a long time getting your stores to Joinville. The train was jolting and pounding forward again. For some minutes nobody spoke. The Englishmen were peering somewhat anxiously ahead. Away down the line Eustace could see two lights travelling. "Surely there is something on the track," he cried. "The driver----" But the driver was already aware of the fact. Armand shortly demanded of him what was wrong. "A train backing along the tunnel," came the startling reply, "and on the same line of rails as ourselves. Mon Dieu, it----" The rest of the speech was drowned in the shrill whistle of the engine. (To be Continued.) 