Exciting Adventure in the Skies. TWO AMATEUKS IT-OWN' AWAY WITH. LONDON, July H.— 'l'lio advan tages of tlio fine old crusted Yorkshire axiom 'Whon in doot tnk' a soop'. (i.e., havo a lhjuor) woro novor moro conspicuously oxcmplifiod thnn on Saturday afternoon last, whon two plucky ' tykes' probably snvod their norvo and thoir lives by roinomboring tho ndnire. Thoir ndvontuvo began iu n public park at llrndfnrd, whore a gain. '''1 ?port woro in progress, a prominent foaturo of tho show being tlio ascent of ltramhall's balloon. Mr. ISramhall is an oxporionnd aeronaut, though weighing 1 Cut., ami thnrofaro, rather hoavy for tho rolo. Ho has niudo scoros of successful ascent, and oil Saturday tried a new balloon called tho ' Lord Musham,' of 2H,-I(KI cubic foot capacity. Two friends— Mr. Schmidt, of tho Empress Ilotel, and Mr. Crofts, of tho Bradford Town Council— went up with him, and 111 duo course took thoir seats in tho car. Mr. Uranihall had also swung himself on tho edge, and cried ' let go,' when a gust of wind suddenly drove tho bul loon in a wrong direction, aud tho aeronaut, striking a tree, was knocked over into a clump of laurels. As for the balloon it did not wait to hear more, but, relieved of Mr. JJramlmll's ltist., shot up swiftly into tho skies. About 10,000 people were iu iho park, the groat majority of wboin were watchiug the aecent of the balloon. Mr. Bramhall is well known, and whec it wa» seen that the balloon had goon up without bim the danger of tbo nitua. tion was realized. The great crowd behaved ss if panic-stricken. A rush was made lor the galea, especially by the women and eliildreu, and at ouch of the park entrances ihero was lor several minutes a very ugly block. After omorgiug from the patk large numbors'took tbo various roads loadiDg in tho direction whith the wind was carrying tho balloou. Mr. lirauihall was naturally in a c nidi, ion of cou ?idorabla anxiety. Tho baloon, he rays, soon attained an altitudo ef 6000(t , and nppenroii to Lo ti availing fast iu tlie dircrtion t f Laede. Alder man Speight, of i?c;nrr Hull 1 ?- at liiiu u fast trotting horse, and with this and a light dog car ho was sot u his way to Ltods. The eon of Mr. Oiott, 0110 of tho passengers in tbo baloon, was prefont with bis cycle, aud he and a friend at oncn started iu Iho aaaio di rection with the utmost speoj. In the tneantimp, tbo baloon paBPOti rapidly away, and both Mr. Bran.ha'1 and Mr. Croft, juu.i had to tiaco it by in quiries'. The foldings of the tiro elderly gen tlemen, Meaatf. Croft and Schmidt, when they fully realised that they weie ' alonn in the wido, wide eky,' and drifting towards the Gorman Oconn in a rapidly-rising gale, without having tbo ghost of a notion how to help themselves, may bo left to the imagination. Mr. Schmidt, fortu nately, is Angle German and phleg matte. ' Dar is nodings to bo done whilst we're over Bradford,' he said, wisely ; 'let us eoa if Bramhall has a drink on board. It will us good do.' They ezamiooj the oar, and in Mr. Bramball's coat found a fliek of brandy. Of this they drank, and then, (feeling much bolter) began to praoti cally considir what to do. Neither had 1 03n in a balloon bofore, and ao they had only the knowledge of the ordinary reader. They set themselves, as thoy say, to carefully study the rigging, and came to the conclusion as to what coin so to tako to reach tbo earth. But the balloon, as afterwards shown, had been going SO miles an hour, and by the time they were over Kirkstnll, between Bradford and Leeds, they folt it would be impossible to attempt to alight for some time in this papulous distiict, and as the bal loon appeared to bo slightly descend ing, Mr. Schmidt throw out sjmc ballast. Tho balloon rOso again, and both gentleman now are strong iu their appreciation of the beautiful views th«y hid. Although windy, the aky was clear, and they describo most appreciably the panoramic sight pre sented to them Af er the balloon bad passed a con siderable distance from Leeds, they saw au extensive agricultural district ahead, and here thoy resolved to drop. Mr. Schmidt took charge of the valve rope, and Mr. Croft of tho grapnel Both gentlemen hnd it dithcult to doscribo exactly what occurred. By the increasing size of details 111 the landscape, tho balloon appeared to descend with alarming rapidity, l'or tunately, it came down upon a wlieac bold. Almost before they knew it, the grapnel caught, and the balloou, winch Mr. Uniinhull snys must have come dottu ulmost liko a parachute, lay, apparently half- emptied of gas, and only bumping slightly upon tho wheat crop, while tho two thaukful passengers | siood onco nioro 011 terra bruia. They had como down at Bramhaui, uear Boston Spa. It whs a quarter to S, or 50 minutes from tliu tune the balloou left Bradford, and thedutniice travelled was 27 miles. Curiously enough, the farmer rent ing tbo held (who was quickly on the spot) compliance! that the aeronauts had chosen a wheat lield to alight in. They explained that they wcreamatcurs adrift, and would pay compensation for any damage to the wheat. Some villagers soon arrived, and carried the balloon to tho farm. Air Schmidt and Mr. Croft then drove to Honour, on the North-Eastern Railway, and tele graphed to Bradford. Before they left, both Mr. Bramhall, who had taken a second horse on the way, and Air. Croft's son, and his friend had the pleasure of coming up with the amateur aeronauts, and mutual and hearty con gi'atulattous passed, 