GoULBURN and Albury, both rival aspirants for being selected as the Washington ot Australia, now have their editors, or some of tlxetB.ftard at it figuratively puncliing one another over the matter. The Gou'burn paper (the Post) lashed out at (lie good folks of the border city the other day fo.r their presumption in daring to set up llieir claims to preferment against the Episcopal oity nod comparing its climate to a b:i ker's oven. The Albury News retaliated nrd us to the boast of Goulburn's bracing climate, reniiiks 'Yes, it certainly is bracing, so bracing that if a stranger survives the frosts be is tolerably certain to be cut off pre maturely by the fogs *hich are on Jmnd mostly nil the time.' To this our Goulburn contemporary, which is a great barracker stall times toe its city and getting for it the lion's share of all the good things in the «??? y of Goveriinipnt grants and Government works that can he obtained by hook or by ?iook from the powers that be, lays on the -rush with no niggard hand in painting. Gou.burn u the one spot outshining all ere. t ion. Here is a clipping from this highly strung effusion :—'' Such frosts as we get s.uiply ciutea p'easurable thrill, a more rapid circu lation of the blood, a sense of exhilaration that causes one to burst into spontaneous carols. Strangers coming into town when tUe delicate rime silvers the tre--s and makes even the pi-o?ab ierbihgs beautiful rub their hauds with unwonted enthusiasm and pro claim the City of the South a fairy's para dise. As for fogs, they can occasionally be *een at early morn in the far-off valleys of the GpoKbundon ranges, slowly turning their ?nowy breasts to the rising sun and dusipa tlog, even as one watches them, in wisps and ' films of irridescent cloud that disappear like '.' ghosts into the scrub ? The best proof ol the bracing character of the el nuue is * glance at the people who lire in if Such Bturdy limbs ; such rose, chubby faces ; such numbers ot octogenarians, and such agility and playfulness amongst them ; such sppe tibet! None of your washed- out rags of humanity, such' as come here from the federal liest to recup»v»te.' Thackeray aonrnvehwre remarks upon the evils of this over- laudulion, that there is a class of critics ' who clnp their friends so boisterously on the back, and trumpet -their merits with such prodigious energy, as to make their friends themselves wiuetimes ui-easy.' 