Personal Paragraphs. Sir Rupert Clarke, Bart., has in formed the Minister of Defence that in the event of troops buing sent from Vic toria to the Transvaal he will place his services at the disposal of the military authorities. Mr Andrew King, writing to the Mel bourne 'Argus,' which stated that a lady who recently died was possibly the oldest lady in New South Wales, having been born in Sydaey, says :— ' For the benefit of those interested in Australian longevity, allow me to state that a lady ^a relative of mine) is now living at Ash field, and was born near Parramatta in January, 1803.' A telegram, addressed to 'The Hm peror of the A.N.A.,' was received at the city branch banquet last nighfc (-says Tuesday's ' Ballarat Courier '). It went straight into the hands of the man for whom it was intended —Mr J. L. Purges Ot Madame Melba as Lucia di Lam mermoor, th« London ' Daily IsT^ws ' says : — (i Although by no means the list of the great fl.irid singers — for Madame Patti, Madame. Sembricfa, Madame Wevada, Madame Marie Marimon, and others are still living and more or less before the public ? the Australian prirrja_ donna is the youngest, and may perhaps eventually prove to.be the final survivor of the vocaJisfs of this particular genre.. .Nowadays,. -except for Handelian and other -oratorios, florid vocalism is hardly needed, and, despite die beautifully, finished and birdlike manner with which Madame : Melba on Saturday night executed the trills and -roulades 'in which the demented Lucia seeks to convey news of the tragic death of her liuyb;md to a party of quite unsympathetic Scotch j noblemen and ladies who form a semi. ' circle round her, the so-called ' mad ' - mnsie in ' Lucia' seemed vastly absurd. The performance was remarkable chiefly as a demonstration of pure and almost perSV-ct florid singing. The cadenza with the flute was even i epeated ; for, although the demented Lucia may have been mad, she was ao^ so msd as to refuse an e» core on one of the most aristocratic nights of the season.' lij a strange melancholy coincidence the City (if Edinburgh has (s*ys the '? Daily News ' of June 7) been deprived of two representatives within a week. Mr Robert Cox, the member for South Edinburgh, died last Thursday at Aix. He was much respected in Edinburgh, though little known outside of it. 'Mr R-obert Wallace, the member for Ease Edinburgh, who fell down in a fit while addressing; the House o? Commons on Monday night, and difdatan early hour yesterday morning, w-ts a very remark able man. A Scot of the Scots, he was born in Fife, and educated in Edin burgh, of which he us.id to boast that he knew every street, every house, and every stone. As a young man he became a minister of the Established Church, and rose to great eminence as a preacher at Greyfriars. He was also a Theological Professor in the University of Edinburgh, and the University of Glasgow made him a Doctor of Divinity. Twenty years ago he abandoned the clerical profession, resigned his Profes sorship, and was af.pouued Editor oi. the ' Scotsman.' He did not occupy that post very long, but in 1886 he achieved a brilliant triumph by turning Mr 8-oschen out of East Edinburgh, which he represented ever since. He also qualified as a barrister, and soon enjoye.i a good pracvics. Hs was a man of sound learning, and great ability, with a speculative turn of thought and a ?really brilliant w'it. At his best there was no one like him in the Honse of Commons. His speech on the In and Out Clause, as it was called, in the Home Rule Bill of' 1893 has been com pared with Sheridan, and it completely overcome Mr Gladstone, who laughed in spite of himself . In private life, Mr Wallace was a singularly genial and amiable man, though extremely fond of controversy and argument. He wrote, as' he spoke, with polished ease, and the current numb:!1-' of the ' Contemporary Review ' contains a caustic diatribe against Imperialism ?frona'his pen. In spite of some weak nesi-.es and a habit of saying what came into liis head without respect of persons, Mr Wallace was exceedingly popular in Edinburgh. If th« serious part of the middle c'ass thonght that he had turned his back too completely upon h'13 former profession, the populace were amused with hivs jokes, and always came out to hear him. He had a tendency to dif-, fusiveness, and once apologised for thsv length of a speech with the. plea th.it he had been looking for a sentence to sit down on. Yet he was never tedious. He was too racy and original to fatigue his audience. He was GS, but he did not; look his age, aad iris quaint humor can ill be spared in the dullest House of Commons that ever sat. Last Monday's ' Warsaw Courier ' (says a Paris telegram of June 8, in the London ' .Daily Mail ') announces that Paderewski was rr^arried on May 31, with the utmost secrecy, to Mis9 Helen Rosen,*- at the Church of the Holy Ghost, in Warsaw. The n§wly msvried couple are now in Paderewski'g villa near Lausanne, where they intend to spend the honeymoon. A London correspondent says : — ' Mrs Besant is back again at her old quarters in St John's Wood, but theo sophy has taken a back . seat, her chief enthusiasm now being the - education of the pious Hindu. The prophetess ha;; returned in order to collect money for the Central Hindu College. Asked whether it was true that she had em braced the Hindu faith, Mrs Besant said, ' I certainly think it comes nearer to my religious ideal than any other. Whan I am in Benares, where I reside for six months of each year, I live as a Hindu, excepting as regards certain laws and restrictions which apply to women. Otherwise I am practically a Hindu, and as I am almost a vegetarian, the dietary is perfectly acceptable to me.' ' As you all know the benign Paul Blouet (otherwise Max O'Rell), the followiug from an v, interview in the 'Idler ' may amuse you: — 'M. Blouet's home, we are told, is in Britt-.uvy, and the way in which his mother (who died some years ago) viewed the suggestion that her son should take to lecturing is worth repeti tion. She wrote to him from the native village, whieh she had never left for more than a day, to say that she did not think appearing before audiences to be a reputable business, and when he replied that he had decided to do it, and had signed a contract to that effect, the dear old ladv wrote back that she was ' still ' his loving mother, and that she would tell no one in the village about it.' What is a very laudable effort is being ma.de by certain cricket enthu siasts in England to put a stop to ihe importation of Australian cricketers by English county clubs. Vigorous protests are made against this practice, which appears to many to threaten to ? destroy the' essential spirit of the national sport, and is, it is contended, entirely contrary to the spirit in which the cruiuty caampionship is intended to be piayed. A suggestion has been made that the :other counties should refuse to meet, ? in the championship games, any county who ipiporfs players a ia Middlesex, and this idea seems to be generally -Hcpeptable to cricketers in England— especially to the, professionals— who: naturally view the i incursion of- Australian professional c/icketers with profound dissatisfaction. The- gipsy king of the Hungarian violinists, Primas Rigo Jnnesi, who captured the heart of the beautiful Prin 3esse de Chimay, is reported by the [ London 'Telegraph's' Vienna corres pondent, under date Jnne 7, to have died from the plague. He was at Alex- ( andria with the princess. Becoming : uneasy owing to reports about the piagu?, : they wished to rrturn to Austria, bur, : before thry could set out Rigo died. Another interesting item of news comes from the ''New York Journal.' It is to the effect that th« Princesse de Chimay is the happy mother of twin boys, iigo's name was constantly before the public for nearly two years. He made the acquaintance at a concert in Brussels of the Princesse de Chimay, an Ameri can lady, whose maiden mime was Clara Ward. The princess formed such a passionaie attachment for Rigo that she left her husbind and t*vo children and fled with Kigo. The pair travi-lUd nearly nil ovei Kurop--, creating every where a sensation by their eccentric behavior. Rigo commenced divorce proceedings against his own wife in Hungary, as he w'shed to marry the Princesse de Chitnuy, who had already been divorced. The last place the couple visited was Cairo. 