CHAPTER III. They had to ehoose Friday night for their orgie, because that was when their mother went away to give a spelling lesson to three grown-up girls. At 7 o'clock the blackness of midnight lay over the land, and a whistling wind filled the air with gloom. Little Nora shuddered when she looked from the doorway. To be a ghost in the golden sunshine and to be a ghost in the black night were two very different matters. And George half-frightened her. He had chalked his face so that its white ness was fearsome to her, and his eyes glittered and looked black. Jane, who had discovered that her ser vices as third ghost were dispensed with because they were not required, was be sought so earnestly ..by George to render advice and assistance over the dressing pro cess that she sallied into the breach with a proud head, and a feeling that she, a grown-up, was humouring two mischievous children. She dressed Jane in a white summer frock, pinned a piece of mosquito net in her hair, bridal veil fashion, and made her face as ghastly as chalk could make it—which was very ghastly indeed. George was conscience-stricken at the whole-hearted way in which she entered into it all. He stood in the centre of the room, holding his long black dress high above his boot tops. His young ghastly face stared out from under the black cowl like shawl regretfully. "If there was time I'd swap you, old girl," be said. Hut Jane shook her head in a mature way. "I wouldn't spoil your game for any thing," she said. After that he did not feel sorry any longer. They went through the darkness together—all the long lonely road up the hill. They passed cottages, with blinds drawn and lamps shining in their windows, a few stray dogs, and one man. At last they reached the little wicket gate, which was' inseparably connected with Red House in their minds. Nora's teeth made a noise chattering together, and Jane's were un steady as she reproved her, but George was merely in one . of his cool planning moods. "We may have to repeat this for three nights," he said, "before we can get my old gentleman into a death-bed sort of mood. What's the matter?" For Nora had stopped suddenly. ; "I—I—I couldn't b—be a ghost for, for free more n—-nightB," she said. Her brother laughed at her. /'Don't be a little cur," he said. "Here, give us your hand. Just try and feel as if I'm your mother, and we're hungry and cold. An' this is where my father lives— an' if he'll only give in and take us home all our troubles are over." His dark eyes shone. "You'd better get somewhere be hind a tree- Jane," he said, , "and wait. Here, you'd better stay at the gate. YouTl be nearer going if we have to run." On the side of the belt of scrub land a lighted window gleamed. The blind was down, as the boy had said it would be. Over the small intervening path they stepped, right up to the window. Then George stooped and lifted his little sister into his arms. "All you've to do is to press your face on the glass and cry," he whispered. "Then he'll lift up the blind. When he drops it I'll put you down, and we must scoot in among the trees, because he'll be coming to the door, you know." . They pressed their faces close on the flass, and the wind whistled round them, 'hen George's voice rose horribly in imita tion of the moaning wind, and he tapped on the glass with his finger-tips. Three times did lie wail out the words, "Father, my father," before there was any response from within. Then they heard a shambling step across the room, and the blind flew to the top of the window. Rufus Castledon and the young ghaBtly faces were staring at each other. The effect was electrical. After the first glance the old man flung his arms over his head, and staggered backwards. When he looked again—nervously, and over his shoulder—only the bare black window met his eyes. He put up one hand hastily toj draw down the blind, and before it was i half-way down the wail arose again, and a ghastly face was looking into his once more. "Father, my father, let us in." The cry beat into the little bare room. Then came silence, and a whistling wind and chatter ing window-panes. Suddenly the old man, without another glance at the window, strode towards the door—the outer one. And at the same moment there was a sound of crisp footsteps on the gravel without. The old man peered from the doorway into the darkness, and a pitiful, half-strangled sob smote his ear. Silence again, but his quick eye had caught l a patch of whiteness on the path. It was | a stationary patch and low-lying. "Come here," said Rufus Castledon in voice of thunder. It did not move. "Come here," he ordered; "come here at j once, or I shoot." At that the patch wavered about, and then sobbingly came towards him. The j mosquito net veil waved wildly in the wind. "Come inside," ordered the dread man, and in another moment he bad shut the j door, and he himself and the small ghastly girl were alone in the den. He did not seem a bit afraid of her, she saw, but his eyes glowered upon her and his bushy eye-1 brows worked. But the poor little ghost j was shaking and trembling, and the chat tering of her teeth could be heard in the furthest corner of the room. "I'll lower the blind first," said the old man, but while he was about it there came a tapping at the door, and he called out brazenly enough, "Come in!" . George entered, the shawl taken from his head, and half the chalk rubbed away from his face. "This is interesting," said the old man,' and he locked the door and pocketed the key. [ "Now, have you anything to say for i yourselves before I hand you over to the ] police?" I "We were only ghosts," sobbed Nora miserably. "Only playing at being ghosts." "What for?" The dread man was look ing straight into the boy's luminous eyes. "We—we wanted to frighten you," said the boy, and the man smiled slightly at his assumed valour. "We were only furtening you," sobbed Nora. "What for?" again asked the man, and he looked over his eagle nose at the two very sternly, so sternly that the truth fled ! from Nora's twitching lips. ] "We—we wanted you to adopt us," she | said. After that only the truth was possible. George, who generally got a key-hole view of things before others had opened their eyes, adjusted himself as usual to the occasion. "We ," he began. "We didn't know how to get a fortune, else," interrupted Nora. "Except by frightening me?" George dropped the dress he had been holding, and it fell over his rough boots. "We've tried a lot of things," he said. | "Finding old mines and hidden treasures." j lie was trembling perceptibly. "And lost wills," said Nora. "And now you are trying to frighten a j harmless old man out of his wits, eh?" The harmless old man snorted savagely, and Nora lost her few remaining senses. "We—we—only wanted to buring us all I together," she wailed; "and—and get far- j ver home again." A flash of light darted into Rufus Castle don's brain. He drew out his key, and made as if he would open the door. But George was at the beginning of the way into all things. The light sprang into his eves, his lips trembled, here and there through the chalk the red showed in his cheeks, and he talked in his old excited way that compelled attention. He showed the old man many things, and some were true and . some half-true. And the old man listened. .After a while he sat down and listened, and his eyes kindled, and now and again a smile came to his lips, for the boy's idea of adoption tickled his fancy immensely. George always said afterwards ihat he had had such a shock that he had to give in," but Nora never felt that quite ac counted for the old man .going out- into the night alone and bringing Jane in. Nor j for him sitting there for so long, talking to them; nor for writing a tiny letter, and telling them to take it at once to their mother; nor for sending them home after wards in the care of his own man. Though, of course, even she owned it was the shook alone that softened his heart. Jane raid he was tired of living alone, and Nora be lieved that too. Aha she believed it more firmly when - young laughter waked up echoes in Red-house, and she and her grandfather walked hand in hand down the very path he' had threatened to shoot "her.' It Was only* George who persisted in it that the old man was so afraid that he would not risk another ghostly visitant. He compelled everyone to admit it was a more effective way of growing wealthy than of searching for lost wills. 