MADAME'S CHOST. H „c n curious old house, built in the I -nf tne first Bonaparte. A French UT tradition said she was a cojraec- 3ad3' f vapoleon's or a very dear friend; is certainly not mentioned -in any __built the house ana occupjcu it. .I n news came of his death she died I £rief Since then, they said, she of, metimes open a door into the I »»d »de out d. l!i: „ K"m ,s not keep that door locked, nor I Cf faSen it This is what the old 'Inle who kept the place, told Captain when he thought of buying it. flfi,ou=hi it all the same. He was not H afraid oi madame's ghost. H Btiil there can he no denying the fact that that door did open curloucly at mysterious times. Dirk, the German boy who had heen found hungry on the road a i,a,i been taken in and made a ser- rant of declared he had seen madame I III in white; hut she had hurt nobody. And here the family had lived, and Hetahef, the youngest, had been born. I They had all been very happy, despite the mysterious door that would open, and madame's ghost. But changes came, alas'. The dear wife and mother died; I one son went into business in California; I one "daughter married a man who tork I her straight away to "Canada; and the I other, though not far off, was still away. I Old Captain Pearce had only his young- I gtyi y.ilh him now, and it. is little I -ponder that he was loth to lose her. I it was natural for him to dislike any I suitor who came, and particularly dis- I agreeable to him was any one who I seemed to him to take her fancy, "When, I 3'oung Jack Halpine offered, himself, | Hetabell was commanded to refuse him. I She did not obey. She simply told Jack I tliat her lather objected, and said they I must wait until he changed his mind. After that, Jack did not caH, but the mysterious door opened very often, and madame seemed to go out and in very frequency. Dirk saw her, from his ! garret window, in a white robe; but he did not see the white robe thrown aside afterwards, as Hetabell talked with Jack in the arbor. That door was such a friend to the two in , -i p.' They waited long. Captain Pearce did not relent. Jack "followed the sea," and he would never give liis girl to a sailor, he said. A sailor's wife never know whether her husband was alive or dead. Even a captain could not make :t fortune.. He knew that. For tune hud bestowed a legacy upon Cap tain Pearce himself, or where would he have heen? He knew the sea and sail ors and he had said "No" once, and -""No" again, and "Njy for ever, until, one morning, the, ghost of madame left the door wide open behind her. It was found so in the morning, and for a while the servants said "She had carried Miss Hetabell with her. But a letter was found on the pillow,7 of hemm- rumpled bed that told another-story. Hetabell had gone away with young Jack Halpine to marry him. /She begged her father to forgive her, and she said she loved him and would obey him in anything else. But the captain had no longer any faith in his daughter. Frcm thai moment he cast her off. He w7ould not read the letters she sent him, and When she came to his door he told the servant to hid her begone. Still, while the honeymoon lasted, 'Jack and Hetabell were happy. They forgot everything in their love for each other. To he together always, what a dream that was! 'And Jack kept it up until money was very low in his purse, and he- began to think of filling it. "The Sea Gull sails on "Wednesday," he said, one day. "Hoes she?" asked Hetabell. "But Why do you tell me of it?" ; fV.'hy, I sail with her," said Jack. "Oh, you cannot dream of leaving me!" manned Hetabell. "Needs must," said Jack. "Why, my Soar, you knew you'd married a sailor." "Ton must take to some other busi ness. You must not, shall not, be for ever away from me!" sobbed Hetabell. He' Jack explained to her that at h-'s age in- must go on as he had begun. One day h-. would get a ship ; then she could always sail with him. But now— he gave .ler his pay and kissed her; and on YO.rdnesday he sailed. The day that he was- gone, Hetabell Went to her father's house again. Dirk opened the door. "It res no use, madame," he said, when Hetn.l-.ell asked him to speak to her fathvi-. "No use. De old shentleman is bcujf you must' not gome in." H- r-ame out of the door as he spoke, and drew it close behind him. tl "He vas not veil, your fader," he said. I must not egsite him. He is very queer. (He has sent avay effry von but fle' 3.cooIl> I do all. You does a very bad t ing yen you marries dat fellow, ilou never can up pick spilled milk." Hetabell went away again. The ser vant s manner was condescending and Onsive. She lived alone in her little suite of rooms. She waited for a letter from Jack. \ At last one came. A" passing ship had r"'"fht the mail of the Sea Gull. A-mther came when they reached pert, ana now he would start for home— for time0 and Hetabe,I in about a week's tw e,% he wrote tllat they would be bn news- Z7 n-?Xt day" After that, no stovmo m,S and tidings of fearful Gull woo fn they id that the Sea y" missing. t v TwkS passed- Months went by. xSSwlg!00 for- it was quite certain now to everybody that the Sea Gull was lost with all on board. And soon th€ last penny in poor Hetabell's purse was gone. The landlady was a good woman, but she was poor. She came to Hetabell one day, and, in a confused manner with with a tear in her eye, told her that she : could no longer have the rooms. "You see, I need the rent," she said. "And you Save a father, I'm told. Go to him. He's sure to help you." Poor Hetabell! € She had sold almost all of any value that she possessed. She offered, the landlady her remaining bits of furniture, and the woman accepted them. Then she wrapped her child in a shawl, put on a cloak and hat, and took her last hit of money. She had sold her clock to get it. It went to pay the fare to her father's home. She had walked from the station, and now, in the twilight, lingered about the garden. She dreaded an encounter with Dirk. If she could but see her father! But no one came out. A light was lit in the upper room — none below. After a while Dirk ap peared, fastened the shutters, and look ed about him. She took heart of grace and went up to him. "Dirk," she said, "I must see papa!" The man had looked at her coldly be fore. This time his glance was furious. "I vill obey my orders," he said. "You must go away. "Ven you marry dat fel low you know it is ofer here. Go! Go, quick!" Hetabell went out at the gate and up the road. Dirk entered the house, and the bars ar.d holts clanked within; but Hetabell felt a new hope in her heart. Dirk was not obeying orders. She felt sure he was, for some purpose of his own, an xious to keep her away from her father. She lingered in the shadow of the old church until all seemed quiet in the house, then she re- entered the garden. She passed through the neglected space where once flowers grew in abundance and came to the little side-door — the mysterious door — "Madame's door," as it was called. She tried it with her hand, but it was fast. She sat on the old bench under a willow tree hard by, warming her babe as best she could in her arms. The tradition ran that on moonlight nights madame's ghost opened this door precisely at twelve o'clock. There was a moon to-night. At twelve o'clock it was at its full. , How long the hours seemed ! The church clock told them one by one — nine— ten — eleven— until the midnight was at hand. All the village seemed asleep. On such a night she was wont to come forth at that door to meet her lover. On such a riight she left it to become his wife. How still it was! How strange! How dark! A sense of terror in the air, too, thrilling her every nerve! And now the clock was striking: One — two — three — four — five — six — (Heta bell's eyes were riveted on the door) — seven — eight — nine — she counted ; ten — eleven — twelve! Great Heaven! The door had opened silently and softly. She fancied a little mist or smoke — a vapour— a shadowy figure, that vanished as she looked upon it. But whether this were so or not— the door of her father's house had heen mysteriously opened to her. She waited not one instant. She arose and glided in. She knew the stairs too well to miss them.. She glided up and entered her nwn nlH rnnrn Thfi mnnn RhnnA full through the window. She laid the babe upon the bed; and it came into her mind to lie down there and sleep, and in the morning tp seek her father. She heard him in his own room; his heavy breathing came through the widened crevice of the door. Softly she crept towards it and peeped in. , He slept soundly. His face looked worn and old in the light of the night-lamp. "He will forgive me," she said. Then she took her white nightgown from the hag she carried, put it on, and lay down beside her babe. She left the door open for the comfort of hearing her father breathe. Soon she slept, but not long. There was a foot on the stairs. Someone stealthily descended from the garret and entered her father's room. She sprang to ber feet, the blood curdling in her veins, and stole to the door. She peeped through the aperture. Dirk stood beside her father's bed, a fiendish look upon his face, a hatchet lifted above liis head. It was evident that he was about to murder his mas ter?# Hetabell was a woman and unarmed; but she did not pause to say to herself, "He will kill me also!" .She only flung the door wide and rushed in and upon him. She was dumb with horror. She saw her father arouse himself and fix his eyes upon Dirk and start to his feet; but as for the German, the effect of her appearance was astonishing. The hat chet fell from his hand; he shrieked aloud, "It is tlie ghost of madame! It is the ghost of madame!" and fled to wards the stairs. Down them he rushed to the mysterious door and out of it, and away, blindly, madly— anywhere. Next morning some fieldward-going ploughmen found liim lying at the fopt of a precipice, with his hack broken, and before he died he confessed that he had long planned to murder and rob his master. However, Captain Pearce was not afraid of ghosts, and when his daughter knelt and told her story he forgave her. Besides, she had saved his life. She had come in good time; and who would ever know how .the door was opened for her? The old man- took Hetabell to his heart again. Nor did he turn from her when one day, not long after, news came that Jack Halpine was -alive. The . Sea Gull had been lost, but many of the crew were saved by a steamer bound for dis tant parts. Now he was on his way home, and soon he clasped his wife in his arms and shook hands with the happy father. "When you go away again, Jack," the old man said, "Hetabell will stay with me, and while you are here you will stay, too. Madame's ghost has opened me aoor ror ootn or you. — London Weekly Budget." 