SATURDAY, AUGUST 5, 1S09. THE SOUTHERN BOKDEll LINE. IT. Tiieub is now the very mucli vexed question of the routes to-he considered. Tlvo question requires no introduction to a \Vnr»ick audience. Everybody knows tli 15 " routes" refers to the ways which claim to be the best to get a railway to the St. George country. For many years llio controversy Ims waxed and waned -waxed with tlie npproacli of a "rail way policy," and waned as retrench ment rather than public works seemed to he the desire of the country. Now once more the country is promised a railway policy, and we a;;ain take up the burden so often taken up and laid down. Jn order to cbnsider the question oil its merits, apart altogether from tho local bins that dismisses all other claims than the local one with an impatient wave of the hand, it will be necessary to lay down the general principles applicable to the claims of one railway route over another generally, but more especially in this particular instance. Let us draft, a set of principles, then, as follows : - (1). The lowest total cost. (2). Lowest cost per mile for main tenance. (3). Shortest distance to construct. (1). Lowest through mileage from Brislmne. (5). Least mileage over flooded caun try. (C). Most free from prickly pear. (7). Extent of existing settlement. (8). Prospects of further close settle ment, (!)). Best liue to secure the border trude. Our readers will perhaps say we have arranged these considerations in a cres cendo order, the least being first and tho greatest last. Certainly, as tho grand desideratum is the border trade, 4auch weight must attach to the iray in which the last question is answered. But to take them in order No. 1.-Lenst total cost-These are the estimates of construction-Room, £243,000; Yeulba, £271,000; Pitts worth, £453,400; Warwick, £595,000. Hero a word or two seems necessary. In the four- leader issue of the Tommomba Chronicle of the 22nd ult. appear these words: " During this debate" fa debate which took place in tho Legislative As sembly in October, 1880] " it was asser ted that the line from Warwick to St. George would cost about £2,000,000." It were perhaps too curious to enquire who " asserted" it. It might be some one with an interest in one of tho rival routes. Tn all probability it was one who looked with no benignant eye on Warwick's claim. Anyhow, tho Chro nicle leader writer shortly afterwards adopts this asserted estimate as if it had come from the surveyor of the route or other person having authority. Tho estimate given above (£595,000) is that which has the stump of authority, the latest authoritative estimate given. No. 2.-Lowed cost per mile for main tenance The order is Roma, Pitts worth, Yeulba, Warwick. No. 3.-Shortest distance U> construct: -lloina, 105 miles; Yeulba, 110 miles; Pittsworth, 203 miles; Warwick, 235 miles. Here another word of commen tary is indicated. These Ggures, and in fact the whole set of considerations, re gard a railway to St. (Jeorge, Wo said enough in our last to justify the statement of the Premier that St. George should not be regarded as tho objective, but boiuo point about thirty miles nearer the border, and we gave Dirranhandi as admirably fulfilling the conditions of the terminus. If, then, the question were (as it must eventually be) the question of a railway to Dirran bandi, instead of St. Ucorge, 30 miles would have to be added to all the routes oxcept Warwick's, making them : Roma, 135; Yeulba, 140; Pittsworth, 233; Warwick, 235. No. 5.-Shortest through mileage from ttrisbane : - Pittsworth, 340 miles; Yeulha, 397 miles; Warwick, 404 miles; Roma, 423 miles. It is just hero where the word of explanation conies in. This distance from the port is the crucial consideration, seeing that it means haulage of the bulk of ^ the trallic served by tho liiie for all time. It is obvious thut there must come a timo when the saving ell'octetl by tho shorter lino will overtake tho diH'urcnoe between its initial cost and that of any other longer line, uo matter how much cheaper in construction. And as Pitts worth conies lirst here, and Warwick only third, is not Pittsworth's claim predominant? It might be so were that claim « " fair" one. But it is not. Properly the distuiicn from St. George to Urisbane via Warwick is not 404 miles, tut the distance from Warwick to St. licorge, 235 miles, as given above, plus 108 miles, tho distance from Warwick to Brisbane by fno direct route. That is 313 miles. Still Pitts worth seems to have the superiority by i three miles-to St. George. But if the i route is to he 30 miles nearer the bor- 1 dor, Warwick will have tho advantage ; by several miles. The railway of the future will thus give the for all time ad- i vantage to the Warwick route, and it is ! to the railway of the future we look, far , now when Australia is on the eve of i federation it is not too soon to look to it. i No. fi. - IA'.IIS! hiih'injr onv jUwM j ciuntry.-Tliis is a question iliat cannot , be accurately (nor absolutely ^ determined | in the abscnce of Kpociiil surveys, but wo i nit; not nfrnid of giving flic preference | to our rivals, and placing tlio order | against;purselves, thus-Hoinn, Yeulbn, Pittswortli, Warwick. No. 0.-Mni.1 fnr from prickly pear. -Here tlio Wnrwick route is patently the superior. Tlio best authorities place the order as follows-Warwick, Roma, Yeulba, Pittswortli. No. 7.-k'.rtait of existing settlement. -Here Warwick is facile prinenps, tlio order being - Warwick, Pittswortli, Yeulba, ltoma. No. 8.-J'l'unpceln of further close settlement.-Again Warwick is in the first place, the order being-Warwick, Yeulba, Pittswortli, Romn. No. 9 -Best line to sc.cnrc the border trade.-Warwick, Pittswortli, Yeulba, Ilom a. It will be seen that the only route having a "ghost of ft show" with the projected border extension from War wick by wny of Jnglewood and Goondi windi is that from Pittswortli, and when the consideration is securing the border trade, rather than accommodating St. George, Pittsworth's show is only a poor one. Via Warwick must eventu ally become tlio shortest route to port. That one consideration should settlo it; yet so overwhelming are the other advantages in favour of Warwick that, even under existing conditions, an official most competent of all others to deal with the question prefers that route to any other. " Having regard to all considerations involved, I am," lie says, " forced to the conclusion that tlio War-' wick route i'b the one which will promote the greatest extent of settlement and at the same time divert to our own line the greatest portion of the traffic which now passes over the Border to the railways of the neighboring colony." This, remember, is the opinion of a capable and trusted surveyor, given without any consideration to tlio dircct route to the metropolis, which must come as sure as the rising of the sun. liven with the handicap of being the longest road to port, the preference is given to Warwick on account of the line being so much more serviceable in both assistingpresent settlement, promoting future settlement, and conserving the border trade. Were the tremendous consideration of shortest route added to all this, Warwick's claim must indeed stand paramount. And this consideration must be War wick's sooner or later. Must be, we say, for when the country to the west-. than which there is none more fertile in Australia-is covered with happy homes, the old policy of dragging railway Hues all over the colony to try to enhance tlio value of somebody's acres will no longer be tolerated. The people will demand the shortest practicable road to port-and will get it. Possibly we may not have to wait so long for an act of common justice to the whole colony, for the direct line is not going to servo Warwick alouc. It will form part of the intercolonial trunk railway. But the direct line is important enough to claim an article to itself, and we shall endeavor to deal with it in our next. 