SHASDECKtlGHf^ PARTH. CHAPTER X.—(Continued.) : •""SV BY &SS; MAY AGNES ilflfflffi. Author of "Tim Star of Xte Vere," "Wed, Yet Wife," -'aona Rory." "A "Woniflil'« ~ Haat" "A Wonderful Woman." "Norme," &c.;, fee. Veia stands a moment In that mosnent a cisange. comes over her; she is tlie JVera the worid knows again. The shock Sb past: there is no need for her to be glad to see this man. He has mistaken het- (once, he shall not again. Dora's words return to her: whatever the business that brings him bere, it is quite unnecessary that Ph.-- should show gladness at his-coming, or trouble him with.an eSusiveswelcome. There is ur.t a man dancing*there' 5n the baiSroom who is not as much to her »8 this man is over likely to be: -She takes herself well in hand, then opens the 'floor arid frees in. He turns quickly. Miss Martinez's taste Sn dress simple, and j ers—the reality, her iDora's o-.vu. creamy whit yellow gc'ld, Bnd a crimp iiv i fiect always of looking '•*« beholders—male beholder t.-c-auty unadorned. Ik artfrobe rivals in expense She wears white to-night— siik. with ornaments of call trr,-_> : ouches of rich oia lacs, rosn in her hair. Eer splendid ryes Tight like brown stars, the dusk pallor of her Spanish face: \\\ ; That pallor is deeper than usual,, the laces r;so' and J ail with the rebellious J.atfn^s oi the heart beneath then:: but he- docs rot distinguish the pallor. ::v h-air-beats, so no ham: ••ry unexpected pleasure, " sh-v s^;.. . ana with the instinct of h o u t her hand. "L,et ant v- .y y ^ back to Charlton, Colon-; . . . . . i '-'^cond the slender, unrc-sp^usiva ha» 1-. ihi-n drops it, and places a chair for *'W;ii y L ;u n. 'i: too?" she asks, rvand resumes his place fcy th-? ch!;rno} fi'ii his former position. much, but somethinglf:r 1 yes, chills him as the in her tur.e. in cold niirnt win 1 ~:;/hing about the gables cculd 'J". In her beauty and her pri ic, }y?r •r rirh the gleam of yellow gold. cs S'::- si- si the ruby shine of the fire, shethat h trr.? bis eyes away with a feeling -so far. so high above him, eJn'n :c. Jespiir. He rea lises, as 3io never realised before, that the \>ra,o£ years ago is as utterly gofct out ci this world as though the daisies grew -iver her grave.. This beautiful, reticent, gra-aful, chill-voiced, fine lady, is no mere hi? black-eyed, laughing romping, loving,, madcap Vera than The brpwri. t v-y&s; flash up their golden light svdder.ly upon him. "When did you. come?" she "-asks.; * From England. I mean." " . ! "Three days "I trust ycu icl; all our mutual friends very well?" He turns his fixed moodily on the fire, w;th a.-.swift. passionate glance to her fan." "I saw Beltrarv: Talbct before I left," he tays. abruptly. 1 "Yes." Ecr voice does not change, but a faint color nses, and-the-band that" holds her fan is not quite steady. "And I know that yon refused h:m.- {Vera, why?" She meets his glance steadily—slow, intense surprise and anger in her eyes. "I decline to answer that question. '. I tleny your right to ask it" ^ "I claim no right," he says, steiadily. "'It should be ample enough, Heaven knows; but a right enforced—in this ease— would *haraly be worth the claiming 1 . {Vera, I-wohfier if'Sny otHer human being •erer changed so utterly in six years as <y° u have'done! There is not a trace, not a tone, not a look of the little Vera of lhat past suminer 'left."- - A smile creaks the proud, set gravity of fcer face—a smile of triumph. • "Tou preferred that othfer"'Vsra?" she feays." 'J ' He looks at her again, and the story his leyes tell is the story told since the world fcegan-to be. told till the world ends. "I liked that other Vera," he answers; "'I love this." - -...,--,. She is'lyii^" bafck in the chair; now 'she fcits suddenly erect The wtiiiis give her an absolute shock.' She believes X)ora'e fiction; she ' believes implicitly''In " that ^•someone" in Cuba;' she has "never Breamed herself other than a drag on 'his life, not easily get rid of, and novr ' to tear this! \- . •"••" "In all these years," he goes ofi, "the Image of that other Vera has never left «ne. I saw her always as I saw her f a s t — * Ke stops' abruptly at a gesture from fctr. "- J - s saw me last." she repeats, Eiowly. "Yes; neither of us is likely ever to forget that" Some of the old pain, the old humiliation of that day returns to her now across the years. Again she is crouching in rhe summer-house, her wedding dress crushed amid the rank weeds and damp grasses, listening to the strident .voice that deneunces her.as : a bold creature, lost to all modesty or maidenly pride. A flush Classes over her face, a light "comes into »er aagry teyes, her fluttering hands grow steady, her swift heart-beats cease. Some perverse*. spirit enters into her. If she ever acknowledges to this man, forced to «narry her, that she loves him, then she deserves all Mrs Charlton has said. - "I saw.always the little .Vera I had left, he goes on; "my dear little, brighteye* child-bride—I came, back and found Her a woman, more beautiful than I had ever thought my little gipsy could be end from the .first hour.I knew her I loved iier. That she had forgotten me, except es one who stood between her and, hapni. »ess, I was told,-, and did not doubt It eeemed natural enough. - But-I -bWin^to Boubt all 1 5 have heard; some truth there *nay be. bjit also many falsehoods; Tou teftised Sir Seltram Talbot-you could cot do otherwise, of course-^but it is the Knowledge of that reftisal "that has sent «oe nera. Vera. ^have-httle-your world -roll ten you, nothing—to offer but my love, deep, changeless, true, 1 siva r s eur marriage indeed to be looked upon as fl nnsfortune? Can. you. never be™ • Wife in reality, as well as in name'" He stops, catching his breath hard, it Is not-when the heart is fullest the lini are most eloouent The .proudly handsome fece befose -him does not soften-one whit ®or the first time she doubts Hieharti lUTrench's word. She " is. in a • fal c e post SwT 8 " 10 EaVe faer « "I- know of old," she answers, "how fomaatic and chivalrous is Colonel Reach's sense tef duty. It led him once teSh^^ schoolgirl, when ^ womld have done much better to- have her sourly fr her folly in runniS gone and left her. mze hkd nothing tf^ »mderstand,that Asto tte sacrfS^ propose to make, Jh acceptin/Se ™ thrust upon you six years ago, while deeply grateful, I yet decline My me •u ts me very well.^ I am not a blight^ WKOats. I can dispense with lovers in the (present and b husband In the future, extraordinary «s it may seem. Your ljriena f shall always fae,jC^onel Ffrench.- yoyr »*Fife, 6<her than 1 how—never!'.' Her 'pride Is strong wttfain ber; »lt"rings For a' Woniait Ths" 1 dbeS 1, not; speak. In •bat pause a great buret tit music comes • the ba£^i»m, the flrst bar of a' ' uiMPa. *T;m^a-tfeis," .shev&Bswers;, and Ineets jhls eyes full; „ ' * "Than ^^i^fto saidJ fiai-ingrtSlren Tod Wnfyimr ftferi&s.; Golja- Bfebt and"gooa- Uy<e^.^TV^ , - An Impulse ts jupon" her, thoroughly contradictory, and thoroughly womanly, to call him back, to claim,him jcegp him, love him. Vera is a very woman, and consistently inconsistent. A flush sweeps over her face, to the very temples^ • .-••: ''Oh, come back—do not go!" is on her lips, bat- her lips refuse to speak. She stands so a moment, /battling with her pride, and In that moment he goes; The door closes behind him; the sweep of the triumphal march speeds: him.. He; is gone without even the poor return of an answer to his good-night. Pride has fought and won. . ... A wise general has said that next to a great defeat victory is the most, cruel of all things. Perhaps Vera realises this now. She sits'.where he, has left her, feeling faint and sick, her face hidden in her haixls. " The crashisg tide music comes down to" her; the feet at the dancers'teehO overhead. She must go b2ck to them, make one of them, wear a smiling face to the end. She loves Kiohard Ffreneh. an'3 she has sent him away'. In the last halfhour s-.b-vbas done what she will regret her whole life leng: - - " Meantime. the unbidden-guest is gone. Once more he is la the outer darkness, in "••s night and the-storm. The melan- . oholy rain still drips, drips; "the melancholy wind blows in long, sighing blasts; the black trees toss about like tall spectres against the blacker sky, and a figure sheltered beneath them—the laggin pedestrian, of an hour before—watches him with sinister eyes unM iie is out-of sight. CHAPTER XI.—A CRT IX THE NIGHT. Mrs Fanshawe's ball is what Mrs Fanshawe has mtiant it to be—a brilliant success. Her own spirits never flag, she dances - incessantly, the red of her cheeks redder, the light of her eyes brighter, as the hours, wear on. Who shall say that this radiant little hostess, dancing like a Bacchante, wild with high spirits, flirting with the men about her with desperate recklessness and levity, is a neglected, slighted, supplanted, uulove<Twife? At supper she drinks iced champagne as if parched with feverthirst, until Vera's brows contract with wender and alarm. She keeps near her sister through it all; something in Dora's wild excitement startles her; she dances scarcely once after her return to the ballroom. "Where have you been?" Dora asks, I hitting her a perfumed blow with her fan. "Why do you wear that owl-like face? This is no place for owlish faces. Why do you not dance? Everybody has been asking for you. What is the matter with you to-night my solemn Vera?" Her elfish laugh rings out—she flits on. i A gentleman passing" smiles to the lady on his arm. "A case of twinkle, twinkle, little star," he remarks. "What a radiantly happy woman our charming hostess must be!" The lady shrugs her shoulders, and puts on. a scornful little chin. "She is half crazy to-night, or—tipsy. "With her own champagne. Did you not see how she drank at supper? it . was, perfectly shocking. See her sister watching her.. Beautiful girl, Miss Martinez—do you not think?—a. perfect type of. the handsomest sort of bipinette." The gentleman smiles slightly, knowing better than to. accept this artful challenge; but the eyes that rest for : a moment on Vera have in them a light that makes his fair friend bite her lip. "Some romance attaches to her it does not seem <iuite clear what—but- something connected with Dick Ffrench. You remember Captain Dick, of course. I have,heard, but that-1 do not believe, .that she was privately married to him before he went away." . -"Fortunate Dick:Ffrench;" r.. . - ."Oh,., it is a myth, of course—'they say' * being 'the only authority. It is added that she was very desperately in love with him, but that statement also is to be taken, with a, pinch: of salt She was little better than a cliild at tlie time—I recollect her well; a tall, slim girl, with a thin, dark face, big black eyes, and •hardly a trace of the stately beauty we all admire now. .Look at Mrs Fanshawe with Fred. Howell! Really, Mr -.Fanjshawe should be here to keep his wife in order. No one advocates matrimonial freedom more than I do. but there is a line, and she oversteps it. Upon my 'word, she is quite too horrid." , • Such comments, from ladies principally run the round of the rooms. The gen- .tiemeh, more indulgent,' only glance at 'each other, and smile. All recall afterjwards, when , the tragedy of this night rings through 1 the country with a'-thrill, lier brilliatice.'^e^ flashes of wit, her ! reckless spirits;' her incessant dancing, I her flushed cheeks, her streaming eyes, hsr flashing diamonds. Censpiious tongues stop then appalled, •fair censors falter—they recall her only ias a bright little butterfly, looking hardly accountable for. her acts, so fair, so frail, so almost unearthly. . Bjit just now, before the curtain "falls on that last act, and the intoxication of music, and waltzing, and wine is at its height.- they do cot =spare her. -One or two words fall on Vera's ears, and her eyes flash out their indignation on the speakers. They .are her guests, they break her bread and eat her salt, and sit oif judgment" on her. But oh! what alls Dot? How rash she is—she has never gone to such extremes before. • It is more of Dane Fanshawe's ,-work; he has goaded her to madness, this ' is her reckless revenge. Perhaps it 5s well for Vera's peace' -of mind that no time is left for her to think of herself, of her own wayward folly. She has acted like'a fool in one way-^Dora is acting'like a "fool in another; there lis little to choose between them, that she admits jbitteriy. She keeps as close to Dora as may be; she tries to restrain her unper- •eeived; she absolutely refuses to "dance. . "For pity's sake, Dot, do not go on so— every one is looking at you," she whispers," angrily; once.'' "You are insane, I tMnk, to-night. Do not diance with Fred HoweH again. He ought ii be ashamed of him- self " ' J '"• * ' But Dora 'iri terrupts?with one of her frequent bursts of laughter. - "Oh, Fred, listeh here!" she calls; "here Is "richness. Xook at Vera's owlish fatee;' listen to Iter words of wisdom. "Do not dance with Fred Howell again.' He ought to be ashamed of himself.' Are you ashamed,'Fred? You ought to be, if my sober sister says-so^-she is never wrong." Mr Howell stoops and ,whispers>iMs answer. Se glances-at Vera..witix a^malar;. cious smile, he'owes jher a. grudge lor more than one cut direct, and he conllally bates supercilious Dane Fanshawe. :He is pay-,, ing a double debt to-night, 4n cQm&romising; his liates.- Vera draws backpindigr nar.t and disgusted, and gees than ^ -Dora clinging to : his arm; Fred-HoweU'« tall, dark head bent over -her blonde one-V themost pronouncedflirtatiori possifile. But It ends at last - • ilrs Fanshawe, foolish though she be in. many things, is wise enough never to let daylight surprise^ her well-bred orgies, and stare in on hagbird faces and leaden eyes. A little after three the guests begin to depart at halftiast the roll of carriages is continual, at ^our jall bjxt the guests are -so^e,. ; And- -when the' last good-night is said, Fanshawe drops into a-chair, and lifts a j face to her sister, a face so drawn, -so worn, eo miserable, that all her sins 'aid follies are forgotten.. _ •"•-""); As by the 'touch o£ a magic jvand, every trace, of youtli' and prettiness departs ^.second. ; - , 'J ^ "I am tired to death!" she says. % am tired to death!" _ , > jdraws a long, bard breatli,' and flings jup .her arms pyer her.head. / - "I jam tired to deaa-^r^t-^lred-^g^ture, heart-sidaieBs so utter, ate. yera's anfeer melts like snow. She has meant to eoold DotatorJier maad- n&s;, buf in h. pjissiimof^^Mjia lo^p., r "Uyvoor says. -As a- other might, jibe gaOiers the rsr. yoursfif-'t^^t^ ^imeiwei teped for you. j am b6 glad ItMJ over, 'and'that you rest "^M iBer you ^are tlr^il—yoii ^Eanced^ err dance. -jLet jnoe take you Jp'you^ 1 om."aiid help you toed." " ^ " Without a word Jpjpr^ rises, and trSHs her rich ball-robe slowly and wearily up the stairs to her own. rbom. - Here she s inks in a powerless sort'of way againrlnV ! to the chair. ' "" .'•• . , .* ' . "I am dead tired,'* she repeats, mech-: anically. "If I only could sleep and not walte for the . next forty-eight hours, .1 might be,cested by the end of that time. Nothing less, will do." . . ' ^ ; She -lifts her heavy and dim eyes;- and* th-^y fall on the dreary picture of the "Foolish Virgins." There they remain in sombre silence for-.a long time. ; Vera sends away Felicia, and disrobes Dora herself with swift, deft fingers—withsoft,- •sowthing touches. . . . "Do you know," Dora says, at length,; "that through it all—the crash of the; band, and the whirl of.the waltz, and the > talk of those men—the face of that wcraan there has "haunted me like a i ghost ? I can understand now how men tak? to drink to drown memory or remorse. All these long hours it has been beside me. Sometimes when I looked in Fred Howell's face—faugh! faugh! what a fool he is!—it was the deadlywhite face nf-tfcat crouching woman I saw. And the words went with the vision—'.Too late, too late! ye cannot enter now!* They hate been ringing in ray ears lilts a death-knell:" . . " - - •• , "You iure morbid, your nerves are all unstrung," is Vera's answer. "I wish I had mot sung it. It is a weird picture— gloomy enough to haunt anyone. Do net look at it any more. Shut your poor, tired eyes while I brush out your hair. It will quiet ycu." But the sombre blue eyes never leave the picture, and u-hen she speaks again, her question startles her sister so that, she nearly drops the brushy "Vera," she says, "are you afraid to die?" "Dot!" "Afraid of the awful loneliness, the awful darkness,- the awful Unknown. Vera, Vera! I am afraid to grow old but I hope—I liope—I hope I may be seventy, eighty, ninety, before I die. I am afraid of death—horribly afraid. If one could come back from the dead and tell us what it is like—where all this -that ^ches so in life, heart, soul, conscience, whatever you call it, goes after that ghastly ; change. But they never do, and we go on blindly, .and then all at once the world slips from under us, and we-are—where? Or is it .the end, and are we blankness and nothingness, as feefcre we were born? That would be best. I do not think i would fear that much!" Vera kneels down beside her, and puts ier arms round her, every trace of color leaving her face, her eyes dark and dilated with sudden terror, "Dora," she says—"Dora, what is this? Are ycu in pain? Does your heart hurt you? Is it the spasms again?" "Oh, no!" Dora answers, wearily; "no-, thing of that I feel well enough; I never Sf^t so well or happy in my life as I. did to-night, i am dead tired now, that is all. Xnd that, picture troubles me like bad dreams. And your song—I cannot get that despairing, refrain out of my ears. I wish I -were a better woman. Vera—I wish . I. were as good, as wise as you-r—" . "As I?" Vera interrupts, almost with a cry. "Oh, Dot. Dot. as U" "You never carry on with men as the rest of us do. They have to' respect you. ,You would not make a.fool of yourself 1 with Fred Howell as I did, come what might Yoii go. to church every Sunday, rain or shine. You have pious little books, and you reafi them.^and you believe in God, and Heaven, and all good things. Vera," she breaks, out, and it is a cry of passionate pain, of a soul in utter darkness, " is there a God, and must I answer to Him for the life I lead, and when I die will He send me forever to"—— * But Vera's hand is over her mouth. Dora is certainly mad to-night—her husband's cruelty has turned her brain! "Hush, hush, hush!" she exclaims, in horror. "Oh, my Dot, my Dot!" What shall she say to this blind, groping soul-, lest in the chaos of unbelief? What she does say is in a broken voice, full of pity imii pathos; • Dora is too. worn out to listen" to "much."But she speaks of the infinite goodness and love of Him whose tender mercies are over all' His works.- "If you would i>riy," says, imploringly, "it is all, it is everything—the •key of the day and the lock of the night* Only this morning I was reading a book of Eastern travels, and the writer-'-says a beautiful thing. - He - is -speaking of the camels so heavily -laden 'all the weary day --who kneel at its close to be Unstrapped and unladen; and he says - we, like camels, kneel down at .night; and our burdens are lifted from ;us. If you would but kneel. Dot, and believe alid pray, our loving Father, who hears the cry of every hopeless heart before it is spoken, would help you to, bear it "all.™ - • * Dora d , oe's : "not answer; she lies back with-closed eyes, wliite, spent, mute. Vera- rises and resumes her work; In a few minutes an embroidered night-dress has replaced the -rainbow costume and jewels, aid^Mrs Fanshawe-lies'down on her white bed with' a long, tired sigfe. -- . > "It is good-to* Test," she says.- "I hope I may sleep " until" sunset to-morrow. See that I am not disturbed, will you? - I want to sleep—to sleep—to sleep." ' The words trail ofi heavily, and then,' with closed eyes, she lies still among the pillows. Vera hastilyreplaces "the jewel* in their caskets, and arranges. them on the table near the bed, "flings the • ball costume over a chair, turns down the 'gas to a tiny point, kisses her' sister gently, iocts the "door on the inside; and* leaves the bedroom. She goes "by way of the dressingrootn adjoining,-the door of which she-also locks and takes the kCy^ • Felicia may enter-In -the morning, according to custom, with her ladys matutinal chocolate, and Dbra*6 slefep must not - be"-distuibed. ' " Xn her own rbom she throws open- the wiiidowi folds her own wrap about her, and sits dqvra. feiad to he alone. She feeis ho desire fer sleep; "her mind Is abnormally wakeful and-&«?tive."- How' dark'-it is and heavfly it rdttosT "^The' sceht of wet grasses and drippingttrees ascends: -There-is not a'Tay of ligfrlln-the black skyr the tphote world seems' lflotted~ outbid darkness and wet, and she the ouly-living thing left. - - Is Dora asleep, she wonders — poor, poor Dora! Thank Heaven it is not yet too late! Thank Heaven there is yet time for faith said repentance, and the begihning of a tetter, less worldly life.' It has been a great and silent'trouble to Vera during the past six years,' the cynical, scoffing unbeliefs of-her-sister, so hateful in a man, sa-utterly ^revolting in a woman., But it "is npt too late!, it is never loo late fcf penitence and amendment this side of eternity. Then herytbo i ue£l& Y phlft: ; the face - fit Richard Ffn^ich rise^ before -her in . the gloom, so full .of silent, „ sad reproachl She ; !oves. hisn, and she has sent "him from her —®h, foljy beyond^belief! and yet'so thoroughly the fojly of a w6man. "^ llked that Ver^.^— I loVe bound that her heart gives as she recaps' the worois! SSiey are" true, or" he would not speak them. Ifo sense of loyalty to her would L tell her ^.tlpjig that is false. He Is ' J "i a^ihTltrtie "aslsteel, 'a ^odtti a »bravev: a nqblp';gep13eyna"ur-. And she'lias g^ihim. ja>payl —.the,: Hioijght stiuEs har w|th Jceeitest'pain and regnet , ~C&,*£his. pride' flwit esacts' sucti a price! Is it too tete"^ afe^i^ct? E&ng; hack to Cuba, to hisjdeath, it may' he. / jNo 'm&n; cab carryj-j^- <;htiiini5fl life tor eveii arid fe 5rill.t«verimaw ,sjie loyea^ him.,; * && "a,sudden,' glad t-eSQluUon fills — lor.hert W^orf 'iJSbi ^pentan^^po late. , He<&i;^o0e£veBk, iShn's befQK'£even 4:u-moiT0W' l "— ^hetje % anu^ tofsrpaSt^ ^'^ JSheSvlU* writ? Aim, jwd tdl WiM>aH — Uie whblp truth. One of the men ^shall ^aft with the letter i then a smile ant^shltiSii tipwjhaf;Ace he wifi f8ta|a , ifid ^ t . % fr " ^ wife. sits down, without -waiting to ^liffk? -J rfSi ' ' rfthkn^afe tean^th. all. that Is in hfe*-'heart j Wifely wordsr^thafwill sii&Sr; ^ J If is not ionfe; Bttle will ; sne signs, and seals, ahd dlrects. ' Then, as she sits looking at the familiar' name, a thought strikes her; It is the'second'- time in her life she has -written to' Richard Ffrench. - She recalls that other 1 letter, and laughs-in the new hope and happiness of her heart. Was-there ever such another absiurd. epistle penned? Nowonderv Dot: was amused — poor Dot!' who ^declared that in the annals of'senti- "mental- literature it would stand alone. She Is well, disposed to.-forgive Dot to-^ h5ght fpr her share in her marriage. H she were,sail free to choose, he is the man Of all men ghewouldgive herself to. Many men shehas^nCt, known, esteemed liked— loved not one, , except this man whose wife she is, and him : she loves with her whole •heart. • .k. . ' . Five strikes somewhere down stair?.. She is not . sleepy, but it is ..best to lie down and rest. So in a few moments she is amid .her pillows, and very soon the deep, tranquU sleep of first youth and perfect health falls upon her, and she slumbers quietly as a little child." What is that? She sits up in sudden terror in the darkness. Was it a cry—-a cry fcr help? She listens, her heart beating fast. Dead silence reigns—deep darkness is everywhere. Has she been dreaming, or was it the ehriek of a night bird—thfe scream of a belated gulI?,IJo second sounjjt follows, ^ad yets -libw likea cry v it wajfr- Imman" cry of leaf, of pain! ,. She rises hastily; "she. most.make sure; perhaps Dot — she dare not finish the sentence. She throws on a dressinggown, and hurries to Dora's room. A dim light bums in the corridor; she inserts the key softly in the dressing-room door; enters, approaches the bedroom, and looks in. All is peace. The gas burns, a tiny etar of light; on the bed Dora lies, faintly to be discerned, quite still, sleeping deeply. "Thank Heaven!" Vera breathes. "It was a dream or a night bird, after all." * * * * * s .e • Left alone, Dora Fanshawe drops asleep almost at once—the spent sleep of utter exhaustion. The loud beat of the rain on the windows does not break her rest,' the heavy surging, of the trees is unheard. . She sleeps heavily, dreamlessly, and then, without sound or cause, suddenly awakes. And yet there is a sound in the room—a sound faint indeed, but terrible, the sound of a man stealthily opening the je,wel-cases. She springs up; in bed, and a shriek, wild, piercing, long, rings through the house. He turns with an oath, and puts his.- hand over her mouth. But Dora is sl. plucky little woman, and struggles in his grasp like a tiger-cat. . . „ ., , *-j. you!" he says, between his clenched teeth. 'Til shoot you if you don't be stilL" i • A crape, mask covers his face. With one, hand she tears it pff, with the other she grasps the heavy whiskers he wears. Their eyes meet—the light of the gas-je "falls upon him—the struggle ceases—fo one a^vful instant she stares up at him ihe down on her. Then, with a dull, in • articulate sound she falls back, 'still re taining her hold. He tears himsel free violently, and,, without, giving! her second glance, thrusts the last of the jewels into /his pockets, unlocks th. chamber 'door, and "flies.' He is Out i" the pitch darkness ot the wild, we morning before" Vera looks into he sister's room. And Dora lies still and sleeps on, but with wide open, glazed eyes, .fixed in some strong horror! She lies "mbtion 'less, and the open eyes staring blankly at the ceiling flutter not, nor close. . She has her wish; she will sleep, an on this earth that sleep wiil never b broken. The splendor and the glory £ the world spread at her feet would fat to win one'glance of gladness from thos sightless eyes. - ' The mighty problem is solved—o Time and Eternity—the soul that ha fled in the darkness and silence of th night has looked upon the holy and aw flil face of God. The hours wear on; inside the sleeper sleep, and quiet reigns; outside the win veers, and drives the storm-clouds before it; a few stars palely usher in ihe dawn. Sounds of life begin in the house; servants, stilly -sleepy and tired, drag themselves down stairs. Scarlet, and crimson clouds push - away with rosy, hands the blackness, and presently the sun-rises like the smile of God upon the world.... But Dora Fanshawe rises. not, will rise no more until the Resurrectio Day!-. > * j (To .be continued.! 