\- SHORT STO-ti Y- GABBIELLE'S GHOST, ' Ton English polioe,' said Monsieur Gar- aier,.the world-famous French deteotive, as i'e leaned -back in Mb chair, ard lit a oigar — yon English police have your methods of . detection, which are admirable in their way, Aid yet whioh fall short in something, and that something is imaginativeness. Having once obtained a olne. yod can work it np as skillfully as any detectives in. the world, but faiiingAsdoh olne; I must confess, Sentlemen, your little plans are too .often oomed to' failure. . . Imaginativeness is, in 'tny hjqnjkble., opinion, ';.as ...neeeBsary to the deteotive as to the snecessfn) novelist, and . .. if yon will forgive my talking of myself,' I ' ' Will. -t.jreu>-thb: stdity of the case whioh rkntjma . what". -fame l .bave the bononr to -.pSaieife.:' ;.:. : in;;-that citse'-we j had not theplighteet clue to go upon,SJbut the im- aginative instinot served me in snoh. a. man? ner that Trahipyu ' ' i One :snltry i mdrinhg in . August, I was oomndssioned to go to the Chateau Money, at Villefort, a rnral district athont. forty milee from Paris, where, it /ilmed' ns- \ ta&UB-; -crime had been committed..; MadBffi6ii&lter;?Gabrielle Monoy, tW only" daughrllpf'thl ohateau, had beenfound on theflobriuher bedroom early-tbafe .morning quite, dea Oie medic<dlhb!.!alv|!hig ' Jthat Oie had be«a killed by poison. ''jObsrrival&t; the ohateau, I., .was atonoe udped! ;idtd; T 'the presenfl«;'df Monsieur. . Money; a aignified, midd&t;'aged man; 'who rose to greet me as I entered. He i'was overacmo.with grief, and it-was plain'totsee tlihehad n weeping continuously;- v ' VtBe;vseatef ; moneienr,' he saidj'.iit/rtow itbhe%i»l'ill give you all thenar tibulars at mydiepcisal of this awful: affair/ . ' Eobeyed Ids request, add' 'seated myself : hearthe:ini|ow. Issaid, qiuefcly, I am. antircdyat your service? . <ln: that 'case,' h&;retutned, 1 1'will pro oeed to explain fmatters. . .'to yon -Without'-, farther- delay. Yesterday niorniug I went : ia' paris to aftend a vtfttinjgf of th'e-Ohamber oflteputiesjDf which I.have thehonour of 'being a member. I lsft in the house my pobr daughter Gabrielle, her cousin Monsieur Ernest MoUoy, my secretary— a young man nambd.'Ydntrm— and;ihe; house servants, in-- duding'Madame Blanohe, the honsekeeper... > '«be'Obtti&beittifHSig;"lajte last' evening, I «ayed at an hotel where I usually put up. hen in .Paris j| '.jd;4lda :'i|abriiitig-; at-nine . o'clock' I was horrified to receive a telegram from my -honsekeeper informing me that my., danghter had been discovered dead I at onoe came post-haste to this house, and found 5 hat the message was only too true. The doctor who had been hastily Bnmmoned declared that my daughter had been poisoned by means of some vegetable drag, suoh as braoine or stryohnihe.' This' is all 1 have to iellyou.' 'Do yon suspect anyone ?' 1 asked, after a short pause, in the passing of which the \- distressed father sat looking at me with anxious eyes. ' Is there anyone in thehoose who wontd benefit by this death ?' ' Only one— Monsieur Earnest Monoy, , . my poor daughter's cousin, the next of kin. fiat he is so admirable and excellent a young man that to snspeot him is madness.' ' The secretary ?' 'Is a man whom I have taken from poverty and destitution, and whose fortune I am making, seeing that I am to obtain for ' him a secretaryship to the Minister for In- " strnotion. Hardly the man, monBienr, to repay me for my services by murdering my only ohild.' ' True euongh. The other inmates of the honse are, I suppose, not to be suspected for a moment ?' ' Not for a moment. They all loved my child, and would have died for her.' ' Could anyone have obtained admittance to the house during the night V ' Impossible. Every door was barred and \- bolted as nsnal, so the hausekeeper informs me.' 'Some visitors might have oailed last evening ?' No visitor oould have oallod. The storm kept everyone away.' ' From whom do yon obtain these facts ?' ' From Madame Blanohe, the honse keeper. Perhaps yon wonld like to inter rogate her?' 'It wonld be as well, I think.' 'Monsieur Monoy touched a bell, and summoned the woman, who waB evidently muoh agitated. She answered my questions in a straightforward, sensible manner, and, whilst it is not nsnal for men of my pro- feesion to judge from appearance, I never thelesB felt convinced when Madame filanoae quitted the room that she was as innooeut of dnplio.ty in evidence as Bhe was of complicity In the orime. ' Yi n are satisfied with the honsokeeper ?' naked Monsieur Monoy when ehi had de parted. ' Quite. There seems no reason to doubt . the accuracy of her statements. She affirms \- ' that Mademoiselle Gabrielle did not quit the house yesterday, and no visitor oailed. Now what does the doctor say aB to the time when the poison was swallowed ?' 'He' can say nothing very definite until after the post- mortem ; but he is willing to swear that the poison was administered within twelve hours of the finding of the . body thiB morning.' ' Then it is pretty olear that the poison was administered by eome individual in this Bouse?' 'Undoubtedly. There ean be no other theory ?' 'Exoepting one,' I pat in, nervously, ' and yon will not be offended at my refer ring to it. Young ladies have been known before now to destroy themselves. Can it be possible that this is a case in point P' 'He sprang. Monsieur Gamier,' he oried passionately, 'dismiss that idea from your mind at once. My daughter was the happiest girl in the provinoe, and more than that, her firm religion would have led her to look upon suicide as a deadly sin. i am willing to awearbythe Almighty who made me that ha who lies dead upstairs did not die by her own hand.' ' Calm yourself, monsieur,' I said, gently, feeling much sympathy for the heartbroken man, ' calm' yourself, and remember that it is. only by calmness that yon can aid myself ..and the police in arriving at the truth. We will dismiss the theory of self-destruction, since yon say that snoha, coarse was im possible to your daughter, - and we will re turn to the ' possibilities. They are as follows.' 'Go. on,! be said, qniikly; 'I am lis tening.' , ' We have proved to our own satisfaction that . your daughter has died of a poison given her by an inmate of this house. It is hardiy likely that any of the menial motion jo the household can be concerned in the affair, and the honsekeeper also is apparently above snspioion. . This narrows down our possibilities tb twb persons.' V.-I paused. He nodded to me to go on, .ahdlcontinned : Those persons ere Monsieur Ernest, yonr \- nephew, and the other person your secretary.' . impossible !' he oried ; ' Vautrin, the seoretary, could have no possible motive- Ernest would have a motive certainly, but his nature wonld shrink from snoh a crime.' ' We are merely disonssing possibilities,' I returned, slowly, ' and the realm of snoh fis, p.3 yon know, a lerge one It seems to me, however, that, even assuming one of these men is guilty, it will be impossible to fasten his guilt npon him.' - Why?' 'Snreiy it 'is' plain enough. Yon hare two men in a' bouse,: either of whom may have administered a poison. How shall yon say whioh of those two men it is ?' Ah | y qaV" It is- . a' terrible mystery. Mon Dien 1 What is to be done \- '.Nothing can. he done, monsieur,' I said, rising, ' until after the inquest had been held and the post-mortem examination made. PerhapB some little assistance may be gained by suoh inquiry ; but I fear it will be very Vttle. And now, with yonr permission, £ should likejto view the body/ ' He sighed heavily, and rang the bell. . , Madame . Blanohe shall aooompany yon,' he said ; 1 1 have not the oonrage.' The honsekeeper conduoted me to the chamber where the unfortunate girl lay, pud, going towards the bed, I lifted the 'sheet whioh conoealed the rigid face. And as I did so I uttered a low ory; ' By some strange coincidence, the face was the image of a certain cousin of my ac quaintance — a young girl known as Julie de Meran — who was studying at the Conserva toire, with a view to beooming an actress. It is Baid that all men and women have somewhere their doubles ; the double of this dead girl was my cousin Julie de Meran. 'As I gazed on the wonderful likeness, there rose in my brain a sodden inspiration. It flashed through my mind like lightning, and fasomated me there and then. Going hastily downstairs, after replaoing the sheet, I returned to Moneienr Money's room and closed the door. Monsieur, I said, 'I have seen the corpse. And the seeing of it has given me a plan.' A plan ! he oried. ' What do yon mean ? A plan of deteotion ?' ' Aye. A plan by whioh, if ell goes well, confession can be extorted from the criminal, and justice done on your daughter's as sassin/ ' He came towards me and grasped my hands. ' Monsieur Gamier,' he said, in a voice husky with emotion, ' do this, and you will have earned my everlasting thanks.' ' I will confide to yon my plan,' I said, when he had somewhat oaimed himself. ' I warn you, first of all, that it may appear to yon theatrical iu the first place, and de- rccrating to the memory of yonr danghter in the second plaoe. But I can think of no other plan, and I leave it outirely to you whether I shall go through with it or not/ ' Whatever yon suggest,' he returned, ' shall be done. Let justice ba thought of before all else. Tell me your plan.' ' It is merely this,' I said, quietly. 'When I looked on your daughter's iace a moment ago, 1 was struck by her resemblance to a cousin of mine — a young actress, Mile. Julie de Meran. It ooourred to me then and there that I might prevail upon her to come to tbis ohateau at midnight in a month's time, and to impersonate the spirit of your departed ohild. Taken to the apartments of the suspected patties, the guilty one would surely proclaim his guilt when brought face to face at that weird hour of midnight with the pbantom, as he would suppose, of his poor victim. The admission of guilt onoe made, all details as to the purpose and method >f the crime oould be elicited, and taken down by me from outside the chambi r door. The plan is a Btrange one, but I think it is worth trying, and, more than that, Monsienr Money, I think one other thing.' ' And that is ?' he oried, his eyes on fire with excitement/ ' I think,' I returned, delibsrately, ' that it will succeed/ ' There was a long pause. Then he Bpoke and'the words came firmly ; | friend,' he said, ' the plan is a tor- I rible one, and to aid yon in it will be an ordeal snoh as 1 have never imagined. Bat since at the end of it there may be suoccsr, I say to yon, ' Go on with yonr scheme, and may Heaven help yon to discover the murderer of my poor little Gabrielle.' ' Discovering the oniprit,' I made anayrer, ' will he useless unless we ean fasten the gnilt on him, and that is my reason for for mulating the strange soheme of whioh I have told yon. However, it is possible that between now and the next few weeks some other way of doing jnstioe on the murderer will he found, in wnioh case, of course, my fantastic proposition will ba dispensed with.' ' Be it so,' he made answer, after a pause. ' It is now the 7th of Angnst. If by Sep tember 7 the mystery is not cleared np, I will telegraph to yon, ' Come to Villefort,' and yon will understand that the message is yonr authority to pat yonr plan into action. I understand, I returned ; ' And now let me give yon some instructions as to what is to be done in oase I an sent for. In the first plaoe, nobody is to know of my coming; and, seoondly, the keys of the doors of yonr secretary and nephew most be taken away so that their apartments oan be entered. The slightest obstacle in our way might upset the whole affair most completely/ ' He assured me that theBO points should have his attention, and then we shook hands and said adieu. ' A month passed. At ten a.m. on Sep tember 7 I reoeived-ft telegram. It simply said, 'dome to Villefort/ I knew then that the mystery was still unsolved, and that it remained with me to help to Bolve it.' ' My Oonsin Julie took in tho whole affair immediately, and, bo far from refusing her assistance, gladly proffered it when she she realised the importance of the issne at stake. It therefore came to pass that as the i clocks were pealing the hour of midnight on September 7, Julie and myself knocked softly at tho honBe door, and were admitted by Monsieur Money. ' Gome in,' he said, his hands shaking with nervousness whioh he tried to master. dome in, and let us get this awful scene over.' ' At this moment he oanght sight of Julie, and he reeded. ' Merciful Heavens !' he oried ; ' what a resemblance. It is my daughter's living image.' ' Hush !' I oried, fearful lest his voice might disturb the inmates of the honse. ' Hash ! and let as lose no time. Conduct as first of all to the apartment of your nephew.' ' Ah !' he cried ; ' then it is him yon bus- pcot ?' ' Be good enough monsienr, to wait and see.' ' We reached the apartment of Ernest Monoy, and fonnd the door Blightly ajar. The room was in drrkness save for the moonlight, whioh oame fitfully through the blind Julie, trembling slightly, but thor oughly calm, glided into the room, and touched tbe sleeping man on the shoulder. ' He awoke with a low cry. 'Mon Dion! It is the apparition of Gabrielle come book from the grave !' ' Yes ; it is I — Gabrielle !' Bhe said, in a low tone ; ' I have come baok to find who was my murderer.' ' It is not I !' he said. ' I loved yon too well, Gabrielle, to injure yon, and since yonr death I have tried in vain to find yonr assassin.' 'It is well,' she returned, in the etme tone. 'Adieu.' ' Monoy fell baok in a fainting condition, and Julie rejoined us. ' Our next step was to go to the room of the Secretary Vautrin. Here a terrible scent ooourred, for no sooner had the man's gaze fallen npon the midnight visitor, than he jumped from his conch, and shrieked out : Ah ! God help me, have meroy upon me ! It is the phantom of Gabrielle come baok to haHnt me since I took her life. Help ! help! help!' 'Becalm,' said Julie, 'and tell me why you took my life.' Do you not know f Turn away your eyes that they may not pieroe my soul, and I will tell you. That night — that awful night of August 6, do yon not remember. I insulted yon, and you swore to tell your father, on his return, of the insult.' ' Foam was on his lips. He wiped it away, and went on, hoarsely : ' 1 knew that if your father heard of my behaviour, I was ruined. My position m this honse was destroyed, and — worse than that— my prospects blasted in the future. A udden thought inspired by the fiend oame to me, and that thought said, ' Ktll her, and then she can do you no harm.' ' Onoe again he wiped his lips with the sheet. ' Go on,' said the white robed figure, ' tell me all.' ' All ! There is little more to tell. A year proviously, a college friend bad sent me some strychnine for experimental use in conneotion with a treatise I was writing on chemistry, and tbat strychnine lay in my desk unused. Going to the desk, 1 took the- powder and emptied the whole of it into the milk jug left by the servant on the tray outside your room, your customary drink in the nights. I flattered myself that deteotion was out of the queBtion, for who was to know that I deBired yonr removal P and it seemed to me also tbat suspioioa would fall on your cousin, who would benefit by your death.' 4 Yod have no more to say P' asked the quiet figure at the bedside. 'No more. Bat, if yon would not drive me mad, leave me now, and promise that yon will return no more. For rather than be haunted by yon, I swear that I will destroy myself at onoe, or su rrender £my self ' to the polioe at daybreak.' J There is no need for either of those ao to, Monsienr Vautrin,' 1 oried, banting into the room, followed by M. Monoy, ' for the polioo will save you the trouble of giving yourself up. Yon are my prisoner. I . arrest yon in the name of. the Bepnblio on yonr own confession of the wiifnl murder of Mademoiselle Gabrielle Money/ ' He tried to speak, bat words failed him. His jaw dropped, his eyes started from his head ; if ever hopeless despair was written in a man's faoe, it was written in his face then. He made no resistance when Ihand- ouffed him, and submitted to being led away - to the polioe depot without a word. _' His confession, taken down by me, and . witnessed by Julie and Monsienr Money, was duly brought up at his trial, and he wasu of aonrse, found guilty. He went to the' guillotine, probably the first man in the his tory of orime whose confession of guilt had . been extracted by snoh means as I have re- lated, and whioh nieans, I claim, were the resnlt of the imaginative instinct whioh is essential to the Buooess of the deteotive of today.' 