. The Brothers. BY SHAN F. BULLOCK, - .Author of. Pity Thrasun Itlver," "King o' Ituslios," &c.;, &0\. .e ICOPYBIGHT. v I. . Ave, Dennis Hayes :and oneself, wore on the broad rood which "from the shores of Lough Lmnnr runs right nnd straight through tho. outskirts of Cnvnu, then crosses the border, and soon Is wending for Leek ' town and the heart of Alonth. Hitherto, our, way had lain' tlirniifii ft n ft rtfl flAltnioir . n. place of bleak, rocky mountains, scrubby - hills and bare cottages scattered sparsely among barren unsheltered' fields; now, oaco in fat Alentli, suddouly. all was changed. I'roin a desert w e had passed, ns- It were, to a land . of gardens. Tho hedges sprang thick .mid .tall, tho hills stood' round and fiiiltful, tlio. Holds lay lush and soft; hero wns a fox cover, there a cluster of giant pop lars, far off stretched a fir plmitntlon backed by the. light blue of a- mountain and the lighter,, azure of the - horizon: everywhere .prosperity lay brooding and smiling— on the golden ore-hards,- tlio snugThrm houses, the great wide spreading pastures. ' AVe w-oro Just lu the thick of nil that; . when; suddenly, almost In- sight of the white walls of Leek,, over the . hedgerow on our loft,' rose tho gaunt skeleton of ii- house. Like ' tho ivrcek of "some high nmlrnl" It lav, for-' lorn und pitiable. Its rafters naked to I ha sky. Its window holes empty mid mossgrown; its walls cracked mid weather stained; with in niul without a place of woods nnd desola tion, a home of loneliness and ghosts. Like a plague spot.lt showed on the comeliness of the cifmitry. side. The sudden Incongruity of It nil was stiirtllng, mid Involuntarily I turned to Dennis. "What, In heaven's name, docs It moan?" said I. "Is — Is It haunted or what?'" AA'itUout a word Dennis stepped across tho road, iiiounted-tbc'dllc-h mid stood looking over the hedgerow. Quickly I followed; mid there had sight of tlic .whole ; forlornncss of the place. Here w-as an orchard, tangled; broken; There n haggard building, empty mill disordered; - between them hty -n garden In riotous ruin, ii wilderness of. cliokcd fruit . Irees, flaunting weeds, overgrown paths; lum: ; . hied .-.beehives. 'J lio yard was a meadow: thr outhouses a long misery of broken walls and . battered" roofs. Not n bird stirred In the empty oaves, not u hoof showed Itself on hill or field: right mid left, hero anil there, wns. only loneliness mid desolation. . - For a while I stood there looking mid won dering; then, quite suddenly niul discordant ly, like the sound of a meadow crnkc break ing through the stillness of tho night; cnme tlio hnrsli voleo or Dennis. , "It, gets .worse an'. worse." snld he, and slowly wagged his head; "worse an' worse. Last time' I came these parts 'twas only nn . .eyesore.; now— now li s like some deserted graveyard of oilier. Aye. It's miserable to eiist eyes on It. It s like something you'd: ilrenm about. An , man, the pity It Is. The ' fine place It was once, the flue prosperous - place; the, best house In nll AIcalh, an' tho host land from here to hack again, les. sir. An' now look it— look at It! . . . An' all through a ii-omiiii," said Dennis, mid cut viciously nt tho hedge with Ills stick; "alt through a woman!" "A woman?" snld- 1, looking around. "A ; woiiinn, j-ou snld, Denuls?" . . —Aye," returned, lie. "That's It. . But, don't you know?" asked he, wllh :.a '. lull T-t lii'H of Ills liend. "Ye don't i Then' where, lii glory's name, were ye? Abroad Is It? Aw, yes Indeed. Abroad where they, live' lu their Ignorance, mi' want to know nbilili;,' nh' never see n paper. AA'ell, come away nii' I'll tell ye," said lie; thou left the ditch, took again tho road, lu a while clam bered over a rusty Iron gate mid led tho way niong a narrow track which ran through the fields' 'mid down tlio slope on whose broad crest stood tho mined house. "The best Ihiid lii Ireland," moaned Dennis as he went, his hands benenth Ills coat tails, mid Ills eye roaming far niul near; "an' It gone to the dlvll. Look nt It, goln' to waste. Think o' the flocks an' herds, tlicshccp mi cattle, an' horses, that ought to ho sportln' through all lliem fields. An' not one there Is; not one. An' not n, soul Is there to lie seen. An' hardiy a foot ever stirs the ileiv ou It. An'— AA'liy? yo'nsk. AA'ell, Just for this: That ; there's a curse oil It: nn' there's blood on It; and 'tlierc's ' n ghost on lt. But wait." said Domiis, with a wave of Ills arm. "Take your limp. / Leave that for u while." ' At the foot of the slope we cnme to i stream, just then soiucw'hnt shallow, but steep nudTilgh In its banks, that ran plea santly towards tho road (lining crossed there by a sluglc- arelicd stoue bridge) mid cnine bickering merrily 'past' the meadows, and poplars nnd willow clumps along the valley. Towards this from the liouso a path e'nine down, reached n footplnnk thitt stretched from bnnk to bank, and went on, as It were, past a hazel thicket, and up the slope on the farther side. The phmk was broad and stout, and worn somewhat In the middle; It we crossed enslly, Dennis crossing himself devoutly the while, nnd near It sat down In the cool 'grass with our feet dangling ovet- t lie wntor. All was very peaceful and gracious Just there, In thnt golden afternoon; Just a voice' at Intervals from the road nud the fields' beyond It. a soft babble from tlic stream, the hum of gnnts and the tivltter ot hlrils; over nil the serenity of n summer sky. Den nis lit his pipe; leant his elbows on his knees,' crossed Ills arms uud looked at the foot plank. "Ay," said ho, "that's the place. Who'd think, lookln' at It now, that sunshiny an' Innocent It looks, that ever such things could ." ha' happened? Ah, It's wonderful the ways o' the world, an' the way it changes. An' there's the trees It was tied to; an' there's where he fell; and there's where she Never mind; wait till I come to It," said Dennis, sitting upright; then took two or three Quick puffs and went on. "It's wonderful to the world," said Den nis, In that sententious way he had at times, "the difference there Is in people. I often think of it. There's a whole mile between every man, woman an' child In every town land; an' there's from here to Mulllngar be tween every two nations. Ay, there Is that. .You're yourself, an' I'tn mine, an' t'other chap has his own grip o' things; an' there's more than the sea (for that God be thanked) keepin' England from Ireland. Take us as ye like; In farmln'. In ways o' lookin' at things. In our talk, an' our songs, an' our habits, we're Just as much like the English in these parts as a turnip's like a carrot. 'Ay, we arc; an' I'll bring ye a proof by polutln' to the house up there, an' telllu' about the men that used to own it. "What hap pened to them would never ha' happened to one of ourselves; the way they lived, an' spoke, an' dressed, an' carried on . wasn't our way; an' If you'd meet them out there on the road, you'd turn an' look at them, an' say to yourself that the blood In them was as foreign as a Chinaman's. Ye would so; an' you'd be right. "'Twus far buck, years and yenrs ago, that the father o' them came to Meath, an' took the land you're sittin' ou, an' settled down In the big house above, an' gave us all a squint at his English ways. He was a big, hard hearted, cliver man; a powerful hand at farmln', open enough In the hand, a ma gistrate too, an' as well liked as the kind of him Ivor got the chance to be. The wife died ydung; one o' the daughters went after her; t'other married a Dublin doctor nn's there yet; an' when at last th' ould man went his ways the two sons stepped into bis shoes an' between them carried on things. ' "It's them I'm to tell ye about." The' . ouldest was a decent chap — Harry, they call ed him — big, hearty, good- lookln', free wl' his money an' his drink, an' with the best eye In the world for the points of n horse. Man, - but he was the boy could ride, an' shoot, an' make the fat rise on a beast; an' In fair, or market he was as good at a bar gain as he was broad in the back. We liked Harry well In these parts; ay, we did. He had always a good word for one, an' a laugh, an' a Joke. If ye wunted advice he'd give ..It; if a beast was sick he'd glory In curin' It;, he'd lend ye nnythln' he had from a plough to a hatchet; an' no man ever went from Ills door wP a slack waistcoat. But t'other — that's Ned — wasn't like that aw— Klvll a bit. He was middlo-sized an' dark, an' thin o' the face, an' none too free with. his money or his company; he'd owe a grudge aguinst his own father, an' keep it till he paid It; an' he lind a temper— n bluek- bloodcd ugly temper, . that came surely to him from some ould Suxon cutthroat. Ay, he was dark, was Ned. You'd never knoiv Jiow to take bira. He couldn't look ye straight In the face. He never went to a hunt, or played cards, or stood ye n drink, or tried to make himself agreeable; he'd walk a mile wl' ye au' never open Ills lips, an' hardly ever did a laugh rattle in his . throat. . . . An' yet there was good hi him," said Dennis, and looked' thoughtfully at his boots. "Aw, sure there was. . . only 'twas a day's journey to find It. \- "Well, sir, the two, o' them buries the father; gives him an' the mother n flue tombstone wl' ratlin's round it beyond In Deck gruvcyurd, an settles-down In the big house above. - They bud room enough, Lord . knows,, with all them rooms an' hnlls an' passages, au' work enough In all them fields; an' for a while things went swlmuilu' with them; They were whut you'd call gentle men, farmers; these kind that bolcevc In workiu' with their eyes an' wits an' keepin' their hands in their pockets. You'd never lliid one o' fheiu at the tail of a plough, or bcndin'.a hay fork across his knee, or sittin' down to his dinner at the back of a ditch. Aw no. That wasn't their English way. .They knew better than that. 'Twus out o' bed at daybreak an' away through the fields an' the dew; 'twas back to their breakfast at C, an' out again to set the men to their Work; then 'twas saddle a horse an' away .with Ilarry over the laud, roauiln'- up an' down, here an' there; an' out after him .'d go Ned, a gun on his arm, a dog at Ids heels, an' not man nor mortal wi' the ghost of n notion where he wus golu'. , "No, sir; no man could fathom Ned. You'd see Harry ou the horse a mile away, an' you'd know his whereabouts by the laugh an' whistle of him; but Ned 'd come upon ye as sudden as u cat on the stairs, an' him Wl' hts eyes down, an' tlieui burnin' holes In everything he'd sec. Nothlu' \l escape him; un' God help the man he found wastln' a minute. He'd hardly give ye time to light your pipe; nil' if so be you'd anger him, he'd fin re out at ye wl' English oaths that 'd make ye gasp like a Uylu' fish. But set a woman In Ned's way, be she lady or beggar woman, an' he'd be as soft in the tongue an' bright in the eye us a draper tryiu' to sell ye u suit o' clothes. Yes: women were Ned's .weakness. He liked them, an' he said lie- did, and he told thcin so; nu' sure, belli' Wlmt they are, they listened to his bleathcr, an' liked him back. Anyway, one did, an" It's no matter about. the rest; an' it's about herself I'll now be tellln' ye." Dennis knocked the nslies from Ills pipe, slowly refilled uud lit -It; then lay back on his elbow, crossed his legs, and looking towards the big house, went on. "She was the daughter of one James Long, h gentleman farmer himself, and a big man in his way, that lives a mile or so beyond the rood there t'other side of the railway. She- bad money at her back, was an only daugh ter; an' for the rest, was a tight bouuein' lump of a lassie, wl' her share o' good looks nn' ways, but, as far as ever I could see, a bit too fine in the bone an' soft in the man ners for your farmer's wife. Set her down at the phuio, or put her on a horse, or sit her in a big arm chair wl' a story book In her hand, an' she was in her glory; but give her a big churnln' o' butter to mukc, or it row o' cows to milk, or ask licr to lend n hand at the liny when work was throng, an' where was she? That! She wus worse than useless; she'd muddle things, bo in the way, be afraid o' soilln' her hands. She was the kind o' female I have no lilsin' for," said Dennis. 'Tier an' her likes ought to be put in chairs an' fed with spoon meat. What I like to sec in a woman is good temper, good wllllu' hands on her, a taste for the kitchen, an' the pots an' pans; Just that an' n good share o' health. Good looks," said Dennis, with a snort. "White hands, an' nice teeth, an' the ways of a lady! That! Tliinkln o' them disgusts me— disgusts me!" And Dennis shot upright, set his lips, aud looked as fierce as Brian Boru. "Howsomcver, all that's as mny be," he continued, lu a while; "an' Just now one or another's little matter. So long as women's women an' men fools, so long, I suppose, will your doll's face be like a candle for the moths. Ay, it will; an' so it wns wl' Long's daughter. The country went wild after her. You'd think 'twas the Queen o' Shcbn had come to life again. Wherever ye went 'twas Letty Long this, an' Letty Long that, till ye were sick o' the name of her. You'd think she wns the only woman In the country side. 'Good night,' you'd suy to some young fel low or another you'd meet. 'Good night,' he'd answer, an' shuffle on. 'Aren't ye coinin' my way?' you'd say at that. 'Aw, no,' he'd answer over his shoulder. 'I'm— I'm — Good night to ye, Dennis,' and oft he'd march to Long's. Au' the next man you'd meet 'd be golu' to Long's; and the next, till, 'poll me davy, you'd begin to wonder where in glory they found room round the hearth stone for all the fools. Acb! 'twas slcken- in'. I have no pntlence wl' such foolery. "An, there among them Miss Letty'd sit, mnkln' eyes at this one, an' eyes at that, an' she in her fal-lals, an' flounces, and there the gomerils'd sit worshippin' her, an' glowerlb' at one another, an' ready to cut throats for her sake. Ach! 'twas sickonin'. An' withal not a finger Letty'd raise In favor o' one more than 'tother; not n finger till one night, when who walks in an' sits him down but my darlint Ned Smith. An' then was the scatteniient. Then was the whillaloo through the countryside. It wns just as if a hawk bad dropped among the chickens. Everywhere ye went the jabber wns in your enrs. 'Ha' ye heard the news?' this one'd say, nil' take ye by the collar. 'Hn' ye heard about Ned Smith an'— 'Ach, gluck!' you'd answer an' break away; an' there before' you'd be another man wl' the same Btory, an' when you'd, get home sure your cars were tired hearln' o' the wny Ned scattered t'other follows, an' the flue goiiteel English fashion he had o' courtlu', nn' the way he'd read to Letty from books, an'" take her for walks in the orchard, an' the "things lid was buyln for her— brooches, an hats, an gloves— an' the glee Letty her self was ill j an' the big spirits the father wns In, ;'seeln': such a line, moneyed, decent boy sitting by liis fireside — sure one's cars were tired of It all, I tell ye, sick an' tired of it. Who wants to hour o' such foolery? Who but a foreigner 'd go courtln' In such fashion. Couldn't he ha' stuck his toes lu the ashes like another, an' made his kiiley, an' stole ail odd kiss if ho wanted it now an' then. Instead o' "Ach," cried Dennis, "I can't spake o' such lunacy. It's beyond me. There's more time wasted these parts runnin' after women thun'd do to plough the country side twice over; but when It comes to your English way o' courtlu' I'm only fit for cursln". 'The foolishness of It! An' Ned Smith, too Black Ned! Sure, In a way, 'twas only pure chnrlty when, one day, Harry easts eyes on Letty, goes to see the father, takes to vlsitlu' at Long's, an' sets himself to rival the brother. 'Twas so. But sure— but sure— 'twas foolish, maybe, after all. Ah, it was. Think o' what came of It," said Dennis, and wagged his head dolefully. "Look round ye an' see what came of it. Look aP the bare rafters up there, nu' the tumbled ofiices, an' the bare fields. An' all because one day Harry Smith cast eyes ou a woman an' set himself to rival the brother! Isn't it powerful to the world the .strnugo way things are ninuaged in it? Isn't It woeful curious that women can do such things, an' men be such fools? An' doesn't strike ye as curious loo, when ye consider all the females Hint's scattered over a countryside, that two brothers must cast their eyes 011 the same woman, an' fall to corn-tin' her, an' fall to treatln' each other «b If they were strangers— ay' an' worse than strangers? Eh," said Dennis, "what d'ye think yourself?" "I thluk with you, Dennis," said I. "It's curious— perhaps a little more than that." "Ay," said Dennis. "Well, we'll leave it there, then, for there's 110 use In talkin'. Maybe, 'twas I'rovldeuco ordered things ; maybe, 'twas only chance sent Harry to Long's; maybe .'twas the devil himself; uuyway, he came, au' that's enough, an' that was the bcglmiln' 0' sport." "Talk? The country was buzzlu' with It luslde n week. 'Sure the queerest thing it Is,' ye henrd from everyone: 'the strangest thing lu the world. Think o' the two Smiths after the one girl— think 0' ono brother tryln' to oust t'other — think 0' me darlint Letty sittin' yonder, wl' glowerln' Ned this side of her mi' laughln' Harry t'other side, an' them ns keen to outdo one another as it they were blddln' for the same horse at a fair I An' listen, they'd say .to ye nil' look at ye that kuowln', there'll be sport afore all's over, an' there'll be murder ns sure as Heaven above ye, If so be Harry wins. There will, I tell ye. An' listen: It'll not be Hnrry that'll give the blow, nn' It'll not ho.. Ned that'll win; Is it Ned Smith win, black- faced Ned! All, not at all; not at all. But wnlt! There'll be sport, ns sure as the sun's shinin', or the dlvll Isn't sittin' In Ned Smith's eyes for uothln'.' "That was how people talked; an' mnybe they had reason. Anyhow, they had plenty to go on; for wasn't the whole play actin' golu' 011 there before their eyes'! Couldn't they see Ned steppln' off after dusk — an' him bound for Long's? Couldn't they hear the tramp o Harry's horse most evenlu's —an' it off for Long's? Couldn't this one see this for himself, an' that one for that? An', for the rest, hadn't yo only to meet Ned any evenln' an' look In his face to see trouble In Ills eyes? Ah, to be sure. An", Lord knows, 'twas hard not to pity him. For whut chance had he against Harry from the very .first day? Chance! About as much as a terrier has against a bulldog. Chance! He had none. Is It against big, strong, hearty, good-natured, good-lookiu' Harry; an" him the eldest; an' him a magistrate; an' him wl' most money; au' him the finest match from top to toe that stepped In coun ty Mcalli? IMiow! It's ridiculous to think of it. A blind woman 'd choose Harry from a houseful 0' Neds. She had only to hear him laugh, or lay her hund on his shoulder, or sit listcniu' to him one night by the fire, an' the thing was done. Ay, done. "An Letty wasn't blind, nor the father, nor one of his kind. Ah, 'deed they weren't. Tliey knew how many ha'pence made a penny, an' how to cut a meadow when the sky wns blue; tin', so it happened jnst as everyone expected, for ono day word cainc. that Ned .was out on the stop, an Harry In side in the .hall, an' Letty at Harry's side an' the fox of a father blcsslu' them. An", God knows, for myself, I pitied the poor dlvll of a Ned; for lie had ills good points, an was first in the field, au' the brother did the mean thing an' the unnatural thing, to come steppln' between blin an' Ills .girl. ITwas the chances o' .war, I know; still, God knows, I pitied -the white face 0' him first time I met him after his downfall. I did," said Dennis, "God knows I did." "He took it III, ns bad as ever man did ; not in an open, blusterin', damn your eyes kind o' way— the wny, you'll understand, men take such things in these parts— but just ns if you'd bled the blond from him, or killed the heart in him, or cut him with insults to the very quick. The day ould Long refused him Letty, he just rose from his chair, took down his lint, an' wi' his face like ashes, walked out wl'out a word, an' home. An' that night he didn't spcalc, nor the next day, nil' hardly a word for weeks; au' when Harry comes to lilm wl' his hund. out, an' the cheerful word on his tongue, iiu' him askln' for forgiveness, Ned just shivered lu his boots, wheeled round, an' marched off to the fields. Nothln' 'd make him laugh. He avoided every one. The only thing he'd speak to or look at was the dog. If Hnrry met liim he'd turn his licnd an' pass; If he'd spenlc Ned 'd nod an' tlgliteu his lips. He had Ills meals by himself, ne went about like a ghost, his head down, his bauds behind him, an' his eyes burnin'. . . . Au', God knows, I pitied him. He was fool ish an' linrd to understand, an' sure no wo man ever born was worth such suffcrln'; for all that I was sorry for the boy, nu' there wasn't a woman in the country but cried bitter tears for him, an' not a man but was angry with Hnrry in his henrt. But If ye spoke to Ilnrry, an' some of us did, too, he'd only laugh at ye; an' if ye dared to pity Ned he'd stare at ye; nn' so things went on. (To be continued.) 