WESTRA LI A N VERSION MACBETH. OF ACT I.—SCENE III.—A HEATH. THUNDER. ENTER THREE WITCHES. 1ST WITCH : Whero hast thou been, sistor? 2ND WITCH : Killing time. 3RD WITCH : Sister, where thou ? 1ST WITCH: A. sailor's wife had apples in her lap, With codlin moth infecting all the air, And mounch'dandmounch'dand inounch'd. Give me, quoth I: •"Aroint thee, witch," the rumpled ronyon cries, " These be not Charlie's apples, but were brought From fair Victoria in my husband's pack ; Good fruit, got by sailor's wives alone When witches rule the crops.' 1 3RD WITCH «' A drum, a drum, Macbeth doth come. ALL : The weird sisters, hand in hand, Strew their mischief thro' the land. Thus do go about lauding politician stout. (Jive him rope and scope to rule: who opposes i6 a fool; Ruler of the land and sea, crown him King of Bunbury! Thrice to thine and thrice to mine, And thrice again to make up nine: Peace !--the charm's wound up. Enter MACBETH OF BUNBURY and BANKO WESTRALIA. MACBETH : So foul and fair a day I have not seen. BANKO: HOW far is't called to Guildford ? What are these So withered and so wild in their attire; These surely are not our Westralian flowers Called Everlastings. Yet from their appearance They seem immortal, but belonging not To heaven's mighty dome. Live you ? or are you aught That man may question? You seem to understand me By each at once her choppy finger laying Along her skinny nose. You should be womenj And yet your beards forbid me to interpret That you are so. MACBETH : Speak if you can: What are you ? 1ST WITCH: All hail, Macbeth, Jock O' the Forest called. 2ND WITCH : All hail, Macbeth, a knighthood shall be thine. 3RD WITCH : All hail, Macbeth, a federal king hereafter. BANKO : Good sir, why do you start and seem to fear Things that do sound so fair. Observe the times And note the people's humor. Learn to float Upon the crest of each convenient wave, and so Helped by the tidelof popularity to gain The shores of affluence, the pinnacle of greatness. She saya a federal king, and what for no P MACBETH : Stay, you imperfect speakers, tell me more ! For though my followers be strong, I fear The constant coming of the strangers here, Attracted by the riches of our land, Will far outnumber those who follow me With unabated confidence. Say from whence You owe this strange intelligence ? Or why Upon this blasted heath you stop our way With such prophetic greeting P Speak, I charge you. (WitcheB vanish). BAN. : The earth hath bubbles as the water has - ~ And these are of them. 'Tie but a ^orry trick To fight the senseless. We being sensible Can see our way without such prophecies. These strange misshapen creatures ever so From their conception, and with minds so warp'd That reason dwellB not -with them nor is welcome Within their charmed circle. They imagine Their utterances affright us. It -were better Bather to humor them, lest their influence Among the ignorant should weigh against you. MACB. : Truly, good Banko, wisdom's self doth dwell Within thy composition. Yet would I hea r more Of t heir prognostications which have stirred my soul And seem to draw me from the beaten path Of certain rectitude. BANKO : Stay ! who comes here ? (Enter MESSENGER). MES. : I have a message from across the ocean For bold Macbeth. Our gracious queen Has Vieen well pleased to bestow upon him The dignity of knighthood. MACB. : 'Tis as they foretold! BANKO : And yet no cleverness attaches to them For everwhere it was anticipated The honor would be yours. MACB. : Let's to the cave to hear their further words. (Exeunt). ENTER THE THREE WITCHES. 1ST WITCH : Thrice the brindled cat hath mewed— 2ND WITCH : Thrice; and once the h^dge-pig whined. 3RD WITCH : Harper cries, " 'Tis time, 'tis time." 1ST WITCH : Round about the cauldron go, In the poisoned extracts throw. Toad that under coldest stone Days and nights has thirty-one— ALL : Double double toil and trouble. \- 2ND WITCH : Filletof.aJBuriy amake~ In the cauldron boil and hake, He can change his coat, so we Throw him in so merrily. Ring of meat of forest herd— Tax'ein, tax'em, that's the word; Profit for the magic ring E'en the Herald Angels sing, AppleB of our Harper's growing Shut the strangers out so knowing; Duties on the people's food Throw in as an interlude ; Women's votes the scale to turn, Will our James' fingers burn. ALL : Double, double, toil and trouble, Figures in our favor double. Figures that Hgainst us tell We will swift consign to hell. 3RD WITCH : For the liypociite who thinks Him a fool who ever drinks Liquor stronger in its power Than the brew at Leisure Hour. Throw in table balls and cueB. He can never learn to use. ALL : Double, double, toil and trouble, Drink too much and you'll see double. 2ND WITC »: Put dry WOOD the fire upon, Thow in, hurl in, MATHESON, Who has .dared our path- to cross Drown him 'ere we suffer loss. Pluck the LEEK and thtow it in \- Sess'mn^for our soup of. sin, Then for simples scour the earth, Just one single SHILLINGSWORTH. Next within the myotic brew, JameB' powders we will shew, He the gambling would put down, Long ads. pay so he must drown, While the odds we advertise Drawing boys as treacle flies, While the gold to us does run Let's rejoice if evil's done. ALL : Double, double, toil and trouble, Pop it on, you'll strike a double. 1ST WITCH : Here's the, hardest nut to crack, E'en when placed upon the rack; See the kernel hard as nails Grim investigation fails; Bid the white-faced ghosts arise, Shriek their horrors to the skies ; Murders Btalk throughout the land Unavenged, while well-paid bind, Like some hounds we're won't to see Each bark up the wrong tree; Throw the kernal in and give Extra stir while murderers live. 2ND WITCH : By the pricking of my thumbs Something wicked this way conies:— Open, Jocks, whoever knocks Enter SIR JOHN MACPOREST (foimerly MACBETH). SIR JOHN : How now you secret black, and midnight lings? What is't you do ? Your deeds of darkness Shall fly around the world at daylight's dawn, And cause weak fools to tremble at your power. Yet still the wise man clamors for the proofs. ALL: Devils, Devils, bring the dripping proofs. SIR JOHN : Stay 1 stay ! I meant not to offend you, I am no reader; take the proofs away. Tell me as you've the gift of prophecy, How does my power to hold this kingdom lie P 1ST WITCH : An echo caught your final word and like- A brazed trumpet Bounded i' the air, Lie ! Lie! Lie! Lie ! and therein lies your strength. SIR JOHN : Nay, I will not descend to such a trick, E'en tho' I lose the kingdom. I may shuffle For present purposes, to serve my ends. But in my heart I'm honest, and will ever Preserve mine honesty. What have you to say ? Canst give uie hope ? (To 2ND WITCH.) 2ND WITCH : Another e il»o flying through the murk Cries Hope! Hope! Ever hold to hope, But 'ware of Esperance. There lies thy doom. If in weak moment thou shalt e'er connect Thy fields of gold with Esperance. Beware ! Thy power is gone for aye. For as the river Tends to the ocean, so the trade o' the fields Shall headlong rush to Esperance, leaving dry And parched the seat of government And its surroundings. So beware y of Esperance ! (WITCHES vanish.) FCIR JOHN : They've disappeared into their cauldron hot. In vulgar parlance, they can go to pot. Still, I have gleaned some wisdom from their words " Beware of Esperance." It was ever so And ever will be. But this thing I know Our Port shall live and Swan's great city thrive; Its commerce with the Fields I'll keep alive ; The reins I'll ho'd nor shall my fingers numb Till Esperance unto the Fields shall come. (Highland Fling and exit.) ing. For instance, in one fairly large yard labelled " Golden Pheasant," or something similar, a rather poor specimen of the common back-yara cockerel was contentedly feeding with a diminutive guiuea-pig ; while in another pen, supposed to be apportioned to some gorgeously-plumed birds, were roosting two crows that might have done credit to any suburban slaughter-house.— CANMOKE. Mr Orpheus M. M'Adoo, whose picture is here shown, will be well remembered as having brought to Australia recently that pleasurable entertainment given by the Fisk Jubilee Singers. He is now returning to Perth with an entirely new organisation known as the Original Alabama Cake-Walkers, to whom reference is made elsewhere. Mr M'Adoo, having decided upon making Australia his future home, is at present engaged completing several big enterprises in the "show" line that will involve much capital, and which will duly be announced. A few years back, when West Australia was little known except as the home of the Six Families and a few other things, a Fremantle merchant stuck one of his customers up in High-street and said, "When are you going to pay me for that cheese you bought from me?" "Cheese!" said the other man in astonishment, " I never got a cheese from you in my life. Why, I don't eat cheese and I never have eaten it; neither does my wife or any of the family." "Come down to my office" (they actually had offices in those days—at least they dignified their boxes with the title of office), urged the merchant, " and I will show you my books." The customer went, and on tntering the alleged office he was shown a book with marks, not writing, that beat the presentday stenography hollow. " Oh," said the merchant after a glance at the hieroglyphics, " I see I have made a mistake. It wasn't a cheese you got—it was a grindstone. I put down a circle the same as I would put The management of the Perth Zoo deserve great credit fo.r the progress made within such a limited space of time, but one thing occurred to me worthy of further attentionduring a recent visit—the classification of the exhibits. Fiom an educational standpoint it is important that each class aud type of animal and bird should be properly named, so that no doubt should exist in the mindB of the visiting public as to what particular specimen they are examin- for a cheese, but I forgot to put a hole in the centre." The merchant couldn't write a single letter of the alphabet—neither can he to-day—yet he could keep a strict record of every penny that was owing to him, and at the present time he has at Fremantle one of the moBt flourishing businesses in the colony, while his rent-roll for dwellinghouses alone is .£80 a week, and his credit balance at the bank one of the largest of any man in W.A. SCENE IV.—A DARK CAVE. IN THE MIDDLE A CAULDRON BOILI>G. THUNDER. "Hello, Billy ! Got a new pair of pauts?"' "No; they're dad's cut down, and he calls them a redistribution of seats, but mum says she'll alter things wheu she gets the franchise." 