BEYOND THE GREAT SOUTH WALL. -are-. BEING SOME BtmraisiNa DETAILS OF THE VOYAGE OF THE S.Y. RACOON, AS IinronTcn BY BERI OWNER, JOHN, VISCOUNT llEATirEBSME, TO THANK SAVILB, Author of A' John Ship, Mariner," &e.; [ALL. RIGHTS BESKEVHJ.J CHAPTER XVIII. A DESPERATE BETROTHAL.. At the farthest limit of the cave we leaned upon the rock, and looked at that wicked, weaving head. Twice before had I seen it, but never in such circumstances BE this. On both occasions we had been men alone. The peril had been distributed so to speak, amongst us all. But with a girl, and a beautiful girl moreover, with whom I happened to be desperately in love to have that outrageous atrocity mouthing upon her and me alone, and to feel that any accident might send her into its bestial maw-good God, it might turn any brain. I stood between Gwen and the entrance and tried to smile into her face. "I wouldn't, look that way, if I were you," said I persuasively. " He'll take himself off directly, I hope." Her lips were very white and they trembled unrestrainedly, but she smiled back into my eyes -a ghostly uncertain sort of smile, though, I must confess. I don't mind. Not much at least." Then with a strained attempt to look at the humorous side of it she added, " What an opportunity for M. Lessnution and his squirt." I loved to see the pluck of her, and answered cheerfully. " Gaclioko will be distracting the brute's attention directly with the Mannlicher rifle," said I, " I happen to know he took it up with him when we moved camp, for use in just such a possibility as this. He'll be trying the effect of the bullet with the top bitten off, I added, to keep the right side of the question uppermost, though it was a watery sort of sprightliness at the best. From the edge above, where the weight of the great body was pressing, a lump of granite fell, and splashed into splinters in the narrows of the gulf. It widened the mouth of the fissure by a foot or more. The horrible trunk surged forward a yard or two, and one of the huge legs, dropping from between the belly and the rocks, slid into the opening. The five white claws waggled and gripped an empty space, and the gloom in the cave increased. Fidget was beyond harking now, and backed against the uttermost services with a sort of bleating gasp. I think that never have I seen unadulterated terror more plainly expressed on an animal's features. With the increased room for the body, the long sinuous nook came forward a like space. The thin snout was now fairly in the cavern. The nauseous breath hissed at us in gustB-siokoning as a plague wind. Suddenly the little neck stiffened. The evil eyes concentrated their gaze upon Gwen. Their Board seemed to go past my cheek with the searing directness of a flash-light. In an instant the memory of the power that lay in that wicked glare came back to me. I dashed forward and slapped my palms upon Gwen's face, calling to her wildly to close eyes. I gathered her to my bosom and on, the ecstasy of it, even in that desperate stress-and stammered incoherently of the fatal trap that lay in that unwinking gaze. She was content enough to bury her face in the folds of my loose jacket, and thus for a moment we stood shuddering. Fidget crept and fawned shiverings about Gwen's skirts. I kicked my foot against an object on the floor. It was the tin of mustard Gwen had been carrying when she started on that road race down the boulders. It was now and shining, just out of store. I hold it before my face to look at the reflection therein. Finding his efforts unavailing, the Monster was drawing his head back into the outer part of the cave, relaxing his tongue glare We turned to face him He served his neck into a half circle, his great throat muscles working with swallowing Then with a sudden dart he flung it out upon us, gaping wide his mouth with a gasp and a roar his breath burst upon us, and upon the wall of rock at our back, hissing stridently like a gale through taut rigging It best us back almost irresistibly in the return draught, thrusting us out from the back of the cave towards his waiting lips Par one desperate moment we swayed in that noisome gust, and my free arm-for one still encircled G wen's waist whirled in the air frantically as I braced myself to meet it But as its first strength died down I flung myself with Gwen upon the ground, and grasping at a lodge hung on with despair own grip In the case of Fidget the Monitor s wife defeated his object The back swirl of his breath whisked the little dog like a leaf past the lowering head and on into the outer chest With a sound half bird, half squeal, she leaped upon the unwieldy body before the neck could cost itself out of the inner cave We heard her yapping past swift tly out among the boulders, and die away up the empty lake side. There was the thud of a bullet on the think hide, and the crack of annie followed smartly on the shot A flake or scale of parchment si in floated past the cave month, and rustled slowly into the depths below not by so much as the flicker of an eyelid did the brute show that he had felt anything Another shot followed, with the same result They glittered on above a score of them but they worried him no more than the buzzing of mosquitoes Finally one must have hit a wart like excrescence on his shoulder A lump about the size of my fist fell with a slap upon the stones, glanced readily for a second, and bounced on into the depths below But it left a tell tale smear upon the granite, and scarlet drops trickled down the hanging neck, dripping in a small pool at the threshold of the env 0 Yet the monster lay in feeding, and we begun to _,nhp with the unutter- able murkiness of his breathing, which filled the air At Gwen a request I passed her the tin of mustard, and she held it like a smelling bottle to her nostrils, to got relief from the disgusting fog We began to pass it backwards and forwards to one another, and it was then that an inspiration I think I may justly call it that flashed into my brain With the gun in my hand I turned to face the great head again, waiting till the thin lips parted aana--iiwus i'MsaMwiiii-«- !??!??? grass in one of their deep-drawn breaths. Then I tossed my missile accurately towards the open jaws, and like a flash of crimson the gums gaped wide and the yellow teeth closed upon it. For a single instant we saw no gleam brightly betweEn them. There was a staunch and a grinding sound among the great fangs, and then the yellow powder sank bitingly into the saliva. The brute opened his mouth, and a bellow pealed out of the strained throat, enveloping us in a volume of merciless sound and hot putrid air. The long pink tongue shivered and twisted between the burning gums, showing ruddy streaks where the metal had gashed it. In one such ragged wound I a remnant of the bright tin was still sticking ; the flaming paste of powder and saliva was filling the torn veins with agony. He dashed his head desperately from side to side, slamming it on the hard rock sides of the cavern. His unearthly screams threatened to burst our ear drums. He beat the air with his great clumsy foot, and we could hear the thunderous boom of his great tail against the timbers of the ship. / Finally with the swiftness of an escaping bird the tortured had fled out of the cave mouth, and we heard his great carcass drag and rustle from the cleft. The blessed sunlight began to flow down to us again, and the filthy stench began to fade. I let go my grip upon the rock, and, more un- willingly, ray encirclement of 6 wen's waist. I looked inquiringly into her eyes as I helped her up. She staggered as she rose, and for one delightful moment clung to me. I felt that mere courtesy bade me tender again my support, and so for two or three delicious seconds we stood. Then she found her voice and the ghost of a smile. " I think you're quite the cleverest person I ever met," she said gratefully. " How on earth did you come to think of the mustard ?" I really haven't the least idea," said I honestly. '* his mouth was there and I had the tin in my hand. It seemed the most natural thing in the world to throw it in. The effect was more than I dared to hope for." She drew herself unostentatiously away from my arm as she spoke, and leaned against the rocks behind her. " Well," she remarked, " we've saved poor little Fidget, at any rate. Even if we're doomed to be devoured we shall have the satisfaction of knowing that." " We !" said I, rebuking. " Should I over have been such a sentimentalist as to risk a horrible death for a dog ?" Frank above Fidget in your opinion then, as you have chosen to accompany me into this trap. Ton do me too much honour," and she bowed to me charmingly. (To be Continued.) 