American Letter. FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRES PONDENT. CHINIQUY : Oarkkr of this Notorious ' ' Ex- PlUHST.' 'Montreal, January 16. — Father Chiniquy died to-day. To tho end ho adhered to the Protestant faith.' This brief dispatoh, which appeared in the daily press, records the death of tho most notorious ( ' ex-priest' of tho century. Raised to tho dignity of the priesthood (30 years a(?o, he gave promise of a most successful oarror. Jiut priclo ana passion wrought ins downfall, and for over 40 years ho spent hie talents in reviling the Church at whoso altars he once ministered. Ho i.s dead now and with him has died all tho bitter fooling against him in tho heart 8 ^ of Catholics. Nothing but pity will bo felt for a blighted oaroor j a tear of sorrow will bo shed by ovory Catholic for tho poor, misguidod oveature. ' To tho. end ho adhered to the Protestant . faith !' St. Paul, wrote to tho Hobrows : 'For it is impossible for .those who were onoo illuminated, having taatod also the heavenly gift and were mado partakors of tho Holy Ghost, havo moreover tasted the good word of God and Uio powers of tho world to come and ivru fallon away, to bo renevved again to penance, crucifying again to themselves the Son of God and'making Him a.mookory.' Charles Gliiniquy was born in Quobeo, on July HO, kSOl). In 18H3 ho was ordainod to tho priosthood and dintinguished himself by his talents aa a pulpit orator. Ho professed a great zeal in the oauso of tompovanco and honors came thiok upon him. Bub dis tinction turned his head and causod his fall. Ho became careless in his. rongious dutios and foil into many irregularities. Ho was. tried by an ocolosiastical court in '.1.85 L and suspended from tho ministry. Ha then loft Canada and oamo to Chicago. Horo trouble followed and tho Bishop had to suspend him again. Then poor Chiniquy took to tho road and appeared as an ' ox priest.' At that timo, of course, bigotry was more intonso and ignorance of the Catholic Church tnoro widespread. Ohiniquy travelled to Europe and 'told of tho suooess ful homo for 'converted' priests which ho had founded near Chicago. The seminary was a myth and tho ' converted' priests numbered only one — Ohiniquy himself. Still ho suocoodorl in reaping a rich harvest of coin from tho English Protestants and he returned, to Chicago comparatively wealthy. Tho Protestant 'Synod expelled him for gross fraud and for a timo he managed to gob ulong with tho Presbyterians. Finally tho lattor body rejected him for having squandered vast sums of money. Then ho om'barkod again on his anti-Oatnolio career. Ho lectured in ovory country of tho English - speaking world. I-Hh addresses wore of a very vilo and blasphemous character and ohookod tho religious sen timents of respoabablo non ? Catholics. Though ho orontod much trouble whorover ho wont, sbill his misrepresentations of Catholic doctrines and practices wore so uttorly distorted that decent people became disgusted with him and with the cause that needed such champions. Of late yours ho had beon lecturing somewhat for tho Orangemen and tho A.P.A., and ho visited England about IS months ago. He failed utterly to draw .audioncos, and was com polled' by publio opinion to leave England after. a few tirades against'' tho Church Ohiniquy was tho original inventor of the calumny that President Lincoln's assassina tion was tho result of a Catholic plot. This slander has beon utterly refuted, in fact, there was not tho slightest foundation for ib, but still it did valiant sorvico for the ? A.P.A,'s. But Ohiniquy is dead and bho Lord is his judge. ''* Wherefore he that thinkoth him self to stand, lot him take hood lest he fall.' 