jn IMioiis Topics. i coacitmax in the " service of a y ulynear Bath is said to be one- of $ieirs uo a fortune of £15,000,000. distant relative many years ago, so ? storv s-oes. acouired 40 acres of id in America, upon which some of l:\j63t; propeifab Broadway, New i .Mow stand — o — yiTY-six vehicles pass the Man - " - ", ouse in a minute at noon, the "huSSkt time vof the day. A reporter V counted 1942 'passing . east and west in -a ' single hour. Of these - 648 were- h buses, capable of carrying 1 6,848 persons, and 504 were drays, capable ' > -of hauling 1000 tons. C A lalY reported at Bed Hill station the -loss of a pet dog (says a Man- thester paper). Its description was telephoned toReigate Station, and the '"Tmswer came immediately that a dog lof that description had just been | brought in. The receiver was put to the dog's ear, and the lady was asked v to speak to him, which she did. The ef- feet was electrical and amusing, for there C - was a mutual recognition of voices, twhich'was afterwards confirmed. - —o— , At Jonannesburg, Transvaal,' Mrs. Mackintosh was accidentally shot doad , by hdr husband at night in their house. %:& Mr. and Mrs. Mackintosh liad been on ; Jf the lookout for burglars for some considerable tiino past, and Mr. Mackintosh purchased a revolver. Mrs. Mackintosh thought she heard and-, aroused lier husband, he could not.-hear anything. She jot up subsequently and rooked out of \- the Window. Mr. Mackintosh woke again, and seeing a face at the window /srfired, and shot his wife through the 'Ifhead. Mr. Mackintosh was arrested, .ll&giLlias; been released on bail. :1111m — o— ' Miss M. A. Ellis contributed a pajgsr- to tho British Association on the human ear a-means of identification. . She pointciKut that the helix, orouter H rim of the iarj'and the general shape .i -of the-'-pffma? or whole outer ear, were the most useful for purposes of , identification. Ears ' do. not change shape after childhood, although they h enlarge slightly after ; middle life. ?Fiom the varieties of 64 pairs. of ears, many belonging to "individuals noted; "t' jn art, science and literature, printed from life by Miss Ellis, it has been1 ' . ; found that the right and left of each #;> pair of ears usually vary in shape. " — o — -'The latest invention coming from the United States is a neat little ar- y -xnngement of fishhooks for catching .'ypickpcckets. The hooks are in-; 'geniously sewn into the lining of a slady's pocket,' .and it is a bad look- (out, for the unwary thief when once \- "his hand is inserted, for it is im- \- i' mediately transfixed and out into by ?many" sharp points, and before he has recovered from his nnined. Riuurise be is givea-into.custoriv. Ladies, however,:- -tiiw py/uut fish-hook pick--. jKtycktt ..catcher have at first, to: take 4Kj.nct to inadvertently get their own -an da caught. The invention has y .jeen used successfully by at least one lady, within the past few weeks. x Covington (Kentucky) city '.pBrnis, some daj's ago, in seining fish .rom the waterworks reservoir, caught heir net on a snag, and one of them tapped and dived down to loosen it. /judge Hodge asked, thqgrand jury :b indict this man for violation of the 'ftw urohibiting bathing in the reser- Vcr: Reporter Hamilton made fun of and the grand jury . Judge Hodge, by way of revenge, maue the reporter '"4 occupy a seat wi.th;him on, the bench, 'the whole of the nexl daj". Then tho , . judge . informed the attorneys and' >:£>lhers present .that he now had an associate judge with him on tho bench. ijHeporter Hamilton, he said, had volun- Jgjteered to give him advice and sugges- .SPrrons as to hj»w to conduct the admin- " istrations of law in his court, and ho . had "concluded that the young man could be of more service to him if called to the Bench than through the 5-flJfumns of his newspaper: Lawyers l|s<jemed to think that Judge Hodgo "brought tile court into dooper contempt by this action than report or Hamilton could possibly have done. t. Bo many-tof tho wonvcp|T>ass -the medical' exuminMpractise ! a w 0 1 nau vas MHHHPfiieru are over.-r40 wo- feIractisiug in London .alone, and jjrtthe Modicai Register thoro > aro nearly 150. The greater, number.- of hese go to China, India, and' Eastern, .. rdai'es generally to practise, but ' i|pa,'aia now frequently employed EKe "Government when medical ex- > "nations aro required in tho case of ale post office c-mployoes, boarded-, . .workhouse children, and so on. ._jj'Asylums Board and t-lrc. infirni- . " J employ them largely also. Soino 7 " lie women . who avo practising ' - jrid aro rapidly making fortunes, 'jvu-MLknow" one in India whose income year amounted to £4000— she had : i jlpresent of over £500. \- master f Downing. Col-- . "1 i J i ii rf1l_ " " 1 a paper at the. feeent nieetingmN4jjPa,hiry Jnsti- f Auto of -England, wifSbo tn.o of #tlJnnatural Death." T«lUlls i MVarors that about ono million hiretios , re born annually in England ; d0,0Dh : Jtlio million would die violent deaths - Jfe-nccident, 80,000 would /lie im- .necessarily from tuberculosis, aiu f i "20:000 movo from other nbsoliuely .. i -prevonliblo causes, such as smallpox, ti measles, and- scarlet fever.. Only 'hio-ooo would bo allowed to live out .llu-ir natural lives, and nearly, one in ,...-20 would die because the ',,a!"h'!ic v was worn out.' One-foprth ot aU the "T>sscs which dcffi'pv-'life-aroabso-. lutely preventible, and 15 years would at once be added to ;its average dura tion if the practice of hygiene were placed on a level with its theory. Br. Hill attributed the greater number of the diseases over which the individuals affected by them have personal control to mistake in eating and driking. The famousrich man of ancient times Croesus, is calculated to have possessed about £4,000,000. . , — O— Tiie Avmidale Clergy Training Col lege will be opened early this year. — o — .... . A distixouished French specialist says that cards frequently played with are absolutely impregnated with germs. On a square centimetre of one card he found no fewer than 6160 bacteria. . — o— . J. Fraxklix Browx, the hypnotist, died recently at the. German Hospital, San Francisco. Hd tried a few months ago to hypnotise a lion and the beast resented his familiarity, biting him on the hand. The wound seemed trifling, but blood poisoning supervened, and he was kept in a hospital for some weeks, but was finally discharged as cured. . A few days ago bo scratched his hand, blood poisoning set in, and he died. — o— A writer in the Fortnightly Review compares Lord Bosebei-y to Disraeli, and says he established a continuous and strong foreign policy, believing that consistency is the best means of national safety. It is reported in Paris that London capitalists are largely financing Don Carlos. Mr. Dillon -states that the new United Irish League is organising a land war in Ireland Lord Iveagh has pre sented £250,000 to the Jenner Insti tute, in aid of bacteriological research. . — o — A curious incident was brought to light, near Peterborough, by the tele graph officials. A London centre found that the insulation of a principal wire to .the north was so imperfect as to rondor. it impossible to get a message through, j They wired up to Peter borough, where the officials, on testing for location, discovered that there was a contact with the wires somewhere between Glinton arid Market Deeping, ft few miles "north of Peterborough. A telegraph employee set off in haste, upon his bicycle, to remedy the defect, and what was his surprise to discover thftt a big snake, a coluber natrix, over 4ft. in .length, was hanging upon the wires. "With difficulty he removed the reptile, which was quite dead, and immediately contact was disestab lished and insulation made complete. From the ' time London wired the ob struction to the time of the defect be ing remedied, barely half-an-hour had elapsed. It was assumed that some lads had killed . the reptile and, in a mischievous mood, had thrown it up on the wires. — o — Sixce the days of Ovid, it has been considered unlucky to be married in May, and those students who spend their time in digging up roots and reasons have given us what they sup pose to be the origin of the superstition as follows : — In ancient Rome thoro used to he held in May a festival called the Lemuria, or Feast of tho Lemures, which was a ceremonial in honor of the Speeches of Departed Souls. It became with the Romans what we should call had form to have matri monial rejoicings at the season of such a solemn ritual, being probably con sidered an insult to the dead to - marry fat- such a time at all. From this a series of stories would grow of the re venges made by tho outraged ; ghosts uponthose who ventured to disregard them, and if anything unfortunate happened to a couple who had been wedded in -May, - it would certaiuly have been put down to retribution. So the tradition of ill-luck arose, and its influence has lasted ever since, ; even to our day. — o — Her Majesty lias again preformed ono of those kindly actions which en dear her name not only to gallant soldiers who fight and die on the field of honour, but to all her subjects wherever they : be and whatever their lot in life. Captain Findlay, of the 79th. Highlanders— one of the- most: stalwart men in the British Army,- for "twrKtoodix feet six— was killed at the ! battle of Atbara a few months after liis;marriag"epand for some time the news of his death vvas kept fn»m liis widow becauso of ,lier_ condition. Quite recently she gave birth to a son, and although the infant will. .never look upou his father, lie js to have the.. .Queen for his godmother. Her Majesty has expressed a desire to act in that capacity to the son of a bravo officer who lost his life in her service, and has also wished tho child to be 'called Victor Alexander, ner Majesty has pi-esented to the infant a hand- come baptismal cloak. Mrs. Findlay is a daughter of Colonel Barron, one of the chief instructors at the School of Gunnery. > — o — The experiment triod by the London School Board of teaching domestic oconomy to girls oil a' new plan has proved most successful. Tho children are "taught all the household routine, from lighting a fire to sweeping a room" to the purchase and cooking of a joint or the manufacture of gravy or a soup. Tho course takes three years to coiu- pluto, and is both theoretical and practical — much different from the old \ .system, wli -n: in cooking classes inf'- possible dishes wore made at double tluhcost a working man eould afford. -ThtiScliool Management Committee report that scvoraL girls have actually been engag/i.i tor - good situations as tho result of tho teaching iu the schools,- and some optimistic members arc emlited with- the belief that this kind o'vAnstruction will go far to set tling 'i thc servant girl question." it 