CRICKET BY THE OLD MAN. Intercolonial cricket this season bas ean of the order only properly escribed as wonderful. Victoria .enered the lists apparently weaker than ither of her competitors, but' still, ust in thejjick of time, the man, or jen, of the hour came along, and she as won her every engagement New i>uth Wales started off with a great lourish. On figures her team was ood enough to send to England as a epresentative Australian Eleven ; but ut of the three matches played by the ydney lads only one has been won, nd that not too brilliantly. In Adeaide, South Australia simply walked way from New South Wales, while he tatter team never had the ghost of show on the Melbourne Cricket round, when Worrall, on a wet icket, and against Noble, Howell and cKibbin, knocked up 109 out of a otal of 184 scbred off the bat, thereby overing himself, with glory. That erformance stamped Worrall as the best bad wicket oatsman in Australia at the present time and placed him on an equal plane with' the mighty Percy McDonnell, who scored 82 out of 86 for the Australian Eleven at Manchester many years agov Victoria has been mainly remarkable for general consistency and all round evenness— that is of course taking the contests right through. Big scores have been made by different^ men in different atches The shining light of the team is of coarse Truiuble, who appears to be • a worthy successor to tiiffen as the beet all-round man in Australia. McLeod has bowled well on all occasions, and of the three certainties for the next eleven no province supplies stronger men than Victoria Hill has woa his spurs, and can be classed as absolutely the best bitsman of the day, either north or south of the line. He never plays better cricket than when his side is put to the test, and once set, which as a lule is when he smacks at the first ball, all bowling comes alike to him, until it looks as though be could go on for ever. Darling of course everybody knows as they do Jones .who strikes terror to the heart of the nervous. During the tour of the last team in England when Jones was rattling the stumps down wholesale the crowd yelled that it wasn't fair to have a fast bowler on a wet wicket. When Trott took off Jones he was sheered. But he put on young Eady, who bowls quite as fast and sometimes as deadly as Jones, and then, Trott once more became unpopular with the crowd, Their mighty deeds have put Nobis, Kelly, and Gregory into the team But who are to be the other men is a question that is now vexing the soul of all Australia. Three of the old timers, Frank Allan, Tommy Horan, and Harty Boyle are agreed upon Johns, Iredale, ar.d Howell. Allan and Horan put McKibbin and Graham in. Horan and Boyle put in Giffen, while Boyle adds Trumper to hn list.- The claims of Pye for a place have been entirely overlooked In every match played he has come off either with the bat or ball, and sometimes with both. He is an uncommonly useful marc, and all round men are of the greatest value to a team during a long and arduous tour such as a trip through England is. Giffen, although the veteran of the green turf, has undeniable claims. In a couple of matches he bas shown all the deadli ness with the ball that made him so much feared in the past, and has de veloped a style which is thought by the best judges will be found effectual on "the English wickets. Then again at a critical time during the match with New South Wales he came out of his shell and made runs, just at the moment they were wanted. But G'ffen is not popular with the majority of the nine certain ties, and not having created a sensation does not look to have a particularly rosy chance of inclusion. When the remainder of the team will be picked has not yet been decided. What it is probable will be done will be to put a couple more men in the team, thus mitking eleven and choose the others at the conclusion of the match against he next best, and the next best which will be chosen from Donnan, Giffen, Lyons, Duff, Newell, F. Jarvis, Reedman, Giller, Bruce, Warne and other good men will give the champions a real good go. A good story comes from over tlie water of & Scottish minister and bis man, who were returning vary late and very " full " from a real old-fasbionod wedding feast. OB drawing near the manse the minister, who was a duly qualified, legally ordained married man, stopped short, and, laying his hand on hie servant's shoulder so as to steady both, he gravely said : " Sandy, ma tnon, I think we had-better (hie) gang iu by th' back the nicht." ---*• For why," queried Sandy, blinking like-an owl at midday. " Eor this," replied his master, " Y' ken there has been a deal of whuekey gaein' aboot, andas some o' it cam' oor way think it wad be better to take th' back mad." " Na, na," persisted Sandy, " we're ue fou , so let us sang Btraueht ,forrit, straucht forrit." "Vera weel, then," said the other revfeUer, " but, at' ooy rate, I'll walk on 111 front a few paces, and do you ell trtt how I'm daeing't" "Tticht you re," returned Sandy, and then the inister staggered ahead lor a oouple of inutes and called out: " Hoo am I bnpin', Sandy?" *' Br&wly;, air, rieht rawly," exclaimed Sandy ; " but who th' feil is that other mon that's wi' ye now, Bore Eyes. The Remedy, Morris's Imperial Eye Ointent, Is acknowledeged die only oertala emtny :neveriails to give instant rdirf. efuse all others, jan<T get the genuine. PoU,3s. .Spldeverywhere. 970 