A .SYDNEY LETTER. lFEDERAL POLITICS 'N SYDNEY'.--THIIE Tna SVAAL 'AND TIlE MAYOR. WHAT ISA PLACE'OFIWORSI1P ?~ THE B ALMAIN TRAOEDY.--THE LIABILITY OF SOLDIERS FOR DEBT. -CARRIERS AND DISEASED MEAT. -THE GOVIERNOR'S INFATUATION. -WHAT MAY:'SOME DAY HAPPEN ON A MAIL BOAT. Te .r : SYDNEY, Thllursday. There's' a lilllJust now in,Federal politics In the lcity. This no doubt is:becauso of le abh~sene of the chief stewards of, tho cause, Messrs., Reid andBarton..: In a proe vious letter it was mentlonedlas-probabi that -the- Anti-Bill men would Lake advan ta5e of their; presence elsewhere to malk things warm. There are now londlcations that the provlnelalists are.bocomin:g ':grog 'gy," the lack of bl. men p-lead having paralysed their efforts. The Influence hoped for in the spreeches of .Messrs. MacLaur.in anid Pilcher has ~completely passed away. Never before were any addresses by prom mnent men so evanescent; The "Telegraph' endeavours to keep the doctor's before the public by constantly .amplifying his figures. .but the.thing.is. tame-the public have for. giotten both tho speaker, as Ihe appeared at the Protestant IHal;. and his address to kill the bill. So as the only ghost of a chance of defeating Federatlon existed in the capital city this sllows extlremely well for the result of 30th,.lune.. The Mayor of Sydney has been requested by the Imperial South African Association, London, to convene a publio meeting to con sider the Transvanal question, and has calle?d one for this afternoon at,4 o'clock; :. The idea had by the association Is to strengthen the bands of the Briltlsh pubile inthelir demands for, justice for their oppressed countrymen in Oom Paul's territory. Itis thought that things will 'bo assisted by get ting the sympathetic co- operation of the colonies whic.h,' by the way, are'known to have plenty of their "subjects" keeping company with the uttlanded Britisher pro per. The.association also wants uniformity, as Indlcatlon of which it submits the reso-. lution which it will bhe desirable to pass: "Twenty-one thousand British subjects In the Trausvaal having petitioned the Queen. througlh the High Commissioner, Sir Alfred Mllner,.to extend her protection to them, to cause tin Inquiry to be- held into their. grievances to secure the reform of abuses, and to obtain substantial guaran tees. fronm th Transvanl Government and recognition of petitioners' rights, this moot ing desires to record their sympathy- with their fullow-countrymen in the Transvaal, and hopes that her Majesty may be pneased togrnut-the prayer of.her subjects." That is the resolutioninffull, though It is not Improbable that if the Mayor's meeting is anything, like representative it will be improved uo?tn by the addition of something stinging .To our warm Australian:roeading the paragiraph Ihas length, without sumelcient breadth, ntd thdro is a tameness in the mere expression of a "hope." &c.;, that makes it unilntoresting. As simllarlrequests to that made Sydney have been sent the other capi tals it msight be better, for; the united capl tals, after passing the association's resolu tion in all Its baldness, to adopt onqtthem selves, with i tall to it something like this: And these colonies are of opinion that the continued neglect.of the interests of Brl tlsi subjects it the Transvnal by the Ia perial Government Is unworthy of theina tlon and a reollection on. Its boasted supro 57C· . . 5·. 55 .* ·i·'~ " Whnt is a place?" "lioas given way to! "What. is a place of 'w6rshll?'" '-This in a Christian country. has hitherto ibeen decided, as any house or building dlovoted to the worship'of,.thnd Christlan's G ode;-:ButLtho Globe Council, porhaps imaghnlnig,,that? Chiistlanltyln that' suhurbais rothor adul terated, has resolved-that a Joss-house is a plnace of worship, and as such deserving of relle from'rates,: It'appeara' thatthe Chi nose petltioied·afor this; claimlng that a "Jors" was as much a god in their eyes as. Johovah wits in the eyes of Chriatians and demanding the usnual exemptidni When: the affair came onffor discussion' the alder me-n were iLncllned to laugh tt oit oL court, but conslderation:ofIthe meriti of the vego table growers' doltyor.woodand onhre lead iag to the bellef that ititwas as.scrednasthe tmental .concetloin of the ,. Christ ion the Crosso..they resolved,as ostated.,, Terhaps thty wore in. some measure inducd st .thls, by a remark that If. the Christlantlnsisted on going to Chlna. to conivert the Chobiv iti was only';edsonableo to expdct' the oChioa man to .come to Australia to convert the average Globe couneillor. Anliyhow it li' In teresting to know'thlitt wo'have a ?'represon tatlve bodyofsinen in: Sydnoy' who aro pro pared to afllrm that a'-Joss-housois "a-placo; of ,?worshlp,'!land instructive to;learn.how devoted Christian ministers must be to theirI duties when the elect of-an impirtant? city: btioogh. cdn serioei pIoislnto 'al pagan's godj on-the samo level ?wlt Lth.Al:mlhty... It was.indeed I ghitiiy tragedy that Which was cncted at Bnalmndtoi Tiuesday, ",Tho infortunate miin ;:..Briker,~ wh: hatnged' his infaiit child from the bed-post duirling the habsence of the rest of the family ls 'xtreme lywell hnown and' highly respectod? Thoro is little 'doubt that lio is a lunnti?o, and as such should have been examinedn by the doctoras attendlng hiu' carllor.'- It is not as. thoughl itweretlhls first outbreak. , PIo has bees in the enylumintwice already, onto beforo Mrs, ~1laker maiirried hnl tweiity years ago, and once dirldg thoi" weddad lif e. It lppcara that he suffered agreat shock ?a coiiple of montlis ago inallbut teilng'run/ over, at tho railway sheds, it Rsdforn,Iwhore hoe.wa employedo as nil overseer of carriages. This It seemastegnin unhlngedhis nlnsti al not uenmmons thullig in tile eanse of men who hihvo suffered boefore, ,andbroughtwl thhls malanndy on iricllnatlnoin .to., takoe life. Dur nlag thle absence of hIls: faimily on iTdesday! lie accomplished .his,. dreadful ,purposeao by gettiag, hlis little seoveltecs , miuths old baby and shanging it by thb neck to. thel bed-post. Then he wont out and confessed to a neolghlbonr, :who,, havig sent for the utnfortunate wife, came Isn'and out the bodty down. Tlle saiguslh of itle poor mothor msy" well:'bo inlagihed, but it was hardly less .than- the i fathors ,oll his regaining a lucid laterval -.The lcouno between him and Ills Wife at.the mtorgue was dreadful, ansl in Court ho did nothilg but moan and roefei?r 'to his .mental sufferings. The Jury, how over, had only one ditty before thenl--tltey, colmlmitted him to take his trial at the next Crlmninal Colrt for, wilful murder. Offlccra In the New South Wales "Army" willl-not in. futur' hold themsoelves respon slblo for thie deobts ot themon, This roads solnetling like ~the advertisement of the sca-eanplnla, whol geooerally tdoes tile aslle thing with his orow.:: But' the difference is this-the soldiers are itlizeuns, and the decislon is therefore of phublio interest. lkoe all Govertsnmnt proclamations, thie no ticoe.nllrmlig .ths is vague In the ex trenmo. '.General French had sometlhing on ills,~ind, and wanted to eay It, and, brlolly put, It Itay have amounted to a refuulm to boe responalbtlo fort the debts of his forces, but uoltotlow Ie got a thousandi wordis oil tihe pnper withoilt tho.seuno of a handred. There is a lot of iat in the advertisement of tho Queen's regulations, tho Mdutiny Act, &c.;, but tho point of non-responsibility is not too clear. Wh'iien the ship captain snays he will not Ibe responosble for the debta of his crew we hnow what is imeant-if we trust them wo mout tahe the usunl chance of getting our money. But with the Gene ral we aro not so suoe. It may bo that he merely disclaims responsibility for debts contracted by his men, and if so hbi action is tohbe commended. But it may be quite another thing-that the men, as well as the General, ore relieved of responsibility, and that if we trust one of them, bhlleving him to be a respectable citizen- we shall, if he repudiates the claim, bo left in the lurch. The ambiguous notice by General French clearly wants an interpreter; Is a oarrier liable for the nature of the goods he carries? In, the case of most things, no0' In: the case of food unfit for human consumption, the Court says yes. It came about in this way. Howard Smith and Co., had stored some meat that came under the ban of the Act without knowing its quality, and were sued before the 8:If.,. and acquitted "'n thd ground of ignorance. -Then there was_ an appeal, and the Judges on Tuesdaylaid'down the law an follows: Tlhat.:vhereas ignorance might 'boe' 'a.plea in regard' to' fiost things, it could not .be held in.regard" to food'.nas.the Act die tinctly "placed the' respbnsibility on 'the shoulders of those in possossion, it matter not whether owners, agents, or carriers. Consequently the case was referred back to the Polico Cotirt,' with instructionsn to the S.nI. to retry it. STheiew Goi'ernor :has arrivedrat Albanoy; and we would have nothing to say had he arrived at siotlhing else: But, accordiing to the papers, he has arrived at the conclu lsion, on what he has seen of it, that Au? tralla is abaonutiful place, and *this causes us to suspect his connection with Blarney. The journals this morning seriously In torm us that when he stepped asbore at Al bany he became "enraptured," and the quesltion is this--What sllould we do about it? We don't want tu'lose oUr Governor tho momentof his comling.among te,.but if he li."cnraptuired" with Albany, there is a fear that tihe sight or Adelaide will un man him, Mlelbourne paralyso him, and Sydney harbour cause him to go off in a fit of ecstasy. This must be guarded against at any cost, and thcreforb the sug gestidn is thrown out to MIr. Wragge that he ;nalhce/his Excolloncy too 'slck;to ap prednate any furthor-dovelopments of Aus tralian scenery. The proposal Is not uin Iindly> meant;: it ILs said in'sthe interests of the noble gentleman himself. A man who would rave over Albany Is clearly not to be trusted in Sydney' or IMelbourne, uIn less in a strong glass c?nse, The Salnmeda was the scene of a torrin bloe.outrageoa few days ago. Wheh two hun dred mlles out a dozen masked men, .who hald shipped as passengers, Tushedc out of theilr cabins, and drawing their revolvers compelled the ship's crow to surrender the' veasel. Then, as they, vweroeo evidoently ex pert navigntors, they turned her head north, vwith. the..intention . of getting .into the Mlalny Archipolago, and after a quick run, the captain and crew, with the aggressive portion of the passengers, having beeon put In irons, reached an island, and went eshore with the gold boxps. These con tained £150,000, and constituted the-mo tivo no doubt.of the not of plracy.. After: going ashore the men disappeared, and the passengers who had boeen leftfree;'re covering from the timidity they had ex. perlenced in -tlie hands' of tha outlti~a; plucked up enough courageo to liberato~ the captain and sailors. Tile vessel was, then run for the nearest port, and- the'senna tional story laid before tho authorities." The above is a lie of course, but is wvrlt ten with the object of showing the folly of always pubilshnfg the gold-spelole con signments that are taken away by tho mail: steamers. Every mail vessel, that sails from Sydney,, the ajhount bf soveroligns carried in her strong- room, is always'set out in the ,papers with boastful' promln ency,. c if HRON 0. 