Notes and Comments. The demands of commerce and the requirements of the people seem to be more and more trenching on Sunday as a business day. Papers are published on that day. Trams and trains run on the seventh day, and now an innovation has been in certain qualifications adopted in London, which, if it works satisfactorily, may be adopted elsewhere. The Imperial Postmaster-General has issued the following notice : — ' The inconvenience which, in cases of emergency or illness, is caused by the inability of personB in the country to procure the delivery of letters to their friends in London on Sunday morning; and, with a view . t - remeay tnis inconvenience, witnout unauiy increasing tne labour of postal servants on Sundays, he has decided that in future express lettsrs and packets forwarded by the ordinary night mails from the provinces shall be delivered by special messenger from the General Post Office, Saint Martln's-le-Grand, in any part of the London postal district on Sunday mornings. It will be necessary that the letters should be marked with the words ' Express delivery on Sunday,' and with a thiok line drawn perpendicularly on each Bide of the cover, and should also be prepaid, in addition to the ordinary postage, with the express delivery fee— calculatcd from the General PoBt Office— at the rate of 3d a mile. Information will bo given at any post-office as to the amount due for the special fee and postage combined. This ser vice will also apply to express mail letters posted in the Loudon postal district for othor parts of the same district too late for oxpross delivery on Saturday night. The arrangement will begin on Saturday, the 11th February.' A small catalog uo of Ceylon teas wero offered yesterday at the City mart on account of Messrs. Fraser, Ramsay and Co. Only four lots changed hands, as follow : — One lot of Pekoe Souchong at 7d, one of Pekoe 7:', d and two at 7^d. Yesterday reference was made to the break down in German-Australian freights, so called by the daily papers. Merchant or shipping firms do not appear to have been advised of the specific drop, but circulars wero some time ago received stating that Mr. Paul Adler hud severed his connection with the firm of August Blumenthal, and had started business on his own account in the same lino, having seoured the services of a number of his old employees. This, perhaps, has something to do with the reportod drop in freights, it being quite possible that these two firms are fight ing for the trade by means of cut rates. Now that the butter export season has drawn to a close, there is a wild rush on the part of those in the trade to fill up their cold stores and prepare for the winter. So great has been the demand that, not withstanding very con siderable supplies, prices have within the last fortnight advanced from S.Vd to lid, and it is fully expected that in the course of a few days Is per lb will bo touched. The fact must not be lost sight of, however, tint the Now Zea land season is considerably later than ours, and that negotiations are oven now pending for the importation of large quantities from that quarter. Barbed wire is being gradually strengthened on spot, owing to the concentration of stocks, Most linldftrs nnw nnlr ^.11 10a wliinli in now quite a legitimate figure considering the laid-down cost of this line. If the wheat growers of this colony do not soon wake up they will find themselves in an unenviable position. iiarly in the season they allowed the Victorian farmers and mill ers to diddle them out of their own legitimate market, and now it looks as j? they are going to play their cards so carelessly that the New Zealand folk will be enabled to step in aud follow the cue set them by the Victorians earlier in the season. Although there does not appear to be the ghost of a chance of prices permanently impro\ing, yet holders in the country are holdi-ig on to their crain like glue, influenced Drobably by the diy weather with which they are surrounded, and fondly imcsing that their lot is the lot of all the world beside, Leather and hides in London. — Messrs. Bontcher, Mortimore and Co. advise us under date 8th February : — The demand for Austra lian sides continues steady at very firm rates, the light averages being in better request. Australian dressing sides, yearlings rid calt skins are in Bhort supply and sell freely at current lates. Basils are also in very short supply and further supplies will meet with a good market as prices are a little higher. A very short Bupply of market hides again this week, although the quantity ia perhaps in ex cess of that which we have had for the last fortnight in London. The hides are chiefly composed of Anglo and South American classes. The market shows no change v. ith a steady tone. 