THE FRENCH 3STAVY. A VERY few days ago it looked as ttougL. the relations between Great Britain and France were quieting down, and would not . give for the present any fresh cause for alarm. ? Mr. Goschen formally announced in the House of Commons that he had reduced his naval programme because French naval preparations appeared moderate, and the Queen upon her arrival at Nice specially telegraphed to Lord Salisbury ex lt pressing her satisfaction at the very cordial nature of her reception. In face of all this, and while Her Majesty is still on Erench territory, M. Lockroy, the French Minister for Marine, has made, in introduc ing his navy estimates, a speech concerning ?which it is not too much to say that were such another made on the army estimates and directed against the power most for midable to France upon land, a de claration at war from the Kaiser, ?unanimously, supported by the consti tutional authorities, would be inevitable. Great Britain, -with the Channel between her and her nearest neighbor, can afford to take more chances in regard to her fractious neighbor than Germany with a mere land frontier, which can be marched over ; but it behoves even Great Britain not to give way to any feeling «f talse security, for never in a^time of peace has so unfriendly a speech been delivered concerning her by a respon sible Minister and delivered in such pecu liar circumstances. M. Lockroy said that France would be wise in acting as if war -were to be declared to-morrow, that her submarine torpedo boats gave her an unquestionable superiority, and that the Gustavo Zede (the submarine torpedo boat,, which has been most heard of, and the efficiency or wnicn nas been doubted by some French experts) was a terrible weapoi^ 23ie Minister added that the naval programme required the -whole financial power of the nation, and that the renovation of the navy had been protracted, and was now urgent. He also said that Bizerta (Tunis) and Corsica were good naval bases. It is necessary here to remark that Bizerta as. a strong naval base threatens Sicily, Southern Italy, and Malta, and already causes the Italians much uneasiness, while Corsica threatens the western Goast of Italy, and a strong force there would be inconveniently close to the Italian naval station at Spezzia. But Cor sica and Bizerta were not the only naval bases mentioned by this bellicose Minister. He pointed oiri — and this is of especial in terest for Australia— the need of developing \- and he repeated officially from the tri bune of the chamber .and gave a formal adhesion to that scheme of a sort of organised piracy which Admiral Aube (who was also once MiniBter of Marine) pror pounded in a series of remarkable articles some years ago. The Minister of Marine (Sespite the declaration . pf r . Paris 'to-which, France was a treaty in 1856) justined pri vateering in time of war, and counselled striking straight at the heart of trade. In connection 'with this privateering notion it is interesting to recall that in the old Wars of aearly a 'century since the . coast of Madagascar was a greet rendez vous for prryateeravpreyxngriq-on. Englazid's Eastern trade 5 while it is unnecessary to state the patent fact that Noumea is very close' to our own shores. No wonder that in face of all this the British papers declare ^hat M. Lockroy has done his best to strengthen Great Britain's naval prepara tions, and consider that the language used in his speech is little short of a menace. It may be that M. Lockroy found in the exigencies of politics some particular reason for playing to the gallery. Possibly -when he wanted big navy estimates from a people already burdened with the largest army expenditure and the largest debt in the world, a debt which is increasing even in time of peace, he had to put his case very strongly. That is ' the most reaseuring view to take of his conduct, and it may be that the British Ministers dis count his f uries by some such consideration. If they took him exactly and literally at his word the sojourn of trie Queen, her daughter, and her granddaughter near Nice would have to be interrupted. If that were to happen it would be a very serious sign indeed. If M. Lockroy's outburst were isolated less might be thought of it ; he might be re garded as an old Radical journalist of the duelling type, as he is, not yet sobered by official responsibility, of which, however, he has had a very con siderable share. But M. Lockroy's Anglophobia, for the talk about m-ivateerimr and submarine boats aims at no one else but England, is by no means peculiar to him. It isshared in some quarters where England should be thoroughly understood, and the circumstance leaves ho doubt that Fashoda left a rankling wound, as after that did probably Muscat. * Here is an extract from a very interesting article of M. Paul .Leroy Beaulieu, reproduced in the latest issue of the ' Courrier Australien ' : ' During the last four months we have come ' to the conclusion that there is no question ' of a general war but of a kind of special, ' that is, naval, war which, as far as we ' can judge, we could prolong for two or ' three years without our national interests ' being seriously affected. We should only ' have to confine our fleet within our ports, ' sending out for raids, upon favorable ' occasions, a few cruisers, torpedo boats, ' and submarine boats — at last putting the ' enemy into a very difficult position, and ?*' exposiag them to all the chances of the ' encroachments of rival Powsrs upon now -' vacant territories, and upon tottering ' States. Such_ at present is the state of ' mind in -France. We feel greatly ' comforted by these reflections 5 we ' certainly still have a horror of war, ' but if Britain is anxious for it, ' claiming indefinite concessions, France ' will stoutly resign herself to it as being ' a lesser evil than a series of successive ' abdications,' Here are the ideas of M. Lockroy and of Admiral Aube, but set forth not by a fire-eater, civil or naval, but by a grave gentleman, a member of the Academyj one, who lias for years made a special study of English institu tions and has written upon them authoritatively. M. Leroy Beaulieu too can hardly desire unjust war for the greater glory of the Republic for he is of con servative leanings. Evidently lie con scientiously holds that France has been subjected to gratuitoua humiliations, and he is especially severe on the provocative language of certain English statesmen. M. Leroy Beaulieu believes that some sort of a settlement of pending Anglo-French ques tions might be arrived at upon. the basis of a partition of Siani, t'aX only if a policy of British menace be -ia*pped. His opinions at least show that among a sec tion in France, apart from those who may be actuated by political motives, there is a feeling that their country has been treated in a way that she i cannot with dignity endure. British people may hold such a feeling to be unreasonable, but it has to be taken account of all the same. There is something else that has to be taken account of, and that is the vagaries of the Paris press and mob, too often ' light hearted at the wrong moment. The press had much to do with stirring up the mpb to the enthusiasm which would have rendered any holding back of a declaration of war in 1870 after a very short time impossible. It is a newspaper which has raised the present furore for, and a subscription for the pur chase of, 'submarine boats. M. Lockroy's boasts about the Gustavo Zede and her con sort rather remind one ott the confidence of the French Imperial Af£»r in 1870 in the death-dealing mitrailleuse^ the thing which was to settle battles in ' twov minutes. A French caricature of the time represented a zouave explaining the excellent operation of this inachine to the terrified ghost of Frede rick the Great, who, if papers are permitted to circulate in his appointed place, must, after Sedan, have modi enjoyed the joke. But the mitawSleuse did . not play the wonderful part expected of it, and the French were not as ready as they, thought they were. Some of the gaiter buttons spoken of by Marshal Le Boeuf were at the last moment missing. Perhaps it; may ..be. the same again- M. Lockrby in the chamber excited surprise and indignation by declaring that -France was within a hair's breadth of war in 1898, when she was absolutely unprepared for hostili ties, and -would have .been unable W man fifty-six out of 200 coast batteries. This deficiency has. eince been provided for by allotting 3.0*000 naval reserve men, to the ?*a ? . - shore batteries, but at the critical moment some other defect might be revealed, the warlike plans of all nations being better on paper than in practice. But it is to be hoped that the warlike plans of France and Great Britain will remain on paper. Among( peaceful influences have to be counted the Queen's stay at Nice and the forthcoming great Paris Exhibition, which no French Cabinet would wish to spoil. 