PUBLIC A 710 XS RECEI The August number of the "Reviews of Re views" is of unusual interest, owing to the fact that it deals with a great i=<niiv matters of import anee and popularity which have hap pened during the period uader review. The "History of the Month" deals largely wit It the federal movement, and also devot:-;; space to current politics, whilst abroad Mr. W. T. Stead's contribution embraces all thatjs worth attention from an international standpoint. To cricketers, the number is of especial in terest, as Mr. C. 13. Fry relates how England lost tlie second test match, and Mr. A. C. Mac laren, captain of the English team, describes the third test. The Rev. \V. II. FiUhett writes pleasantly of "What an Australian seea in London," and describes, amongst other things, a 'bus ride through London streets. "■The Influence of Climate on Character," which is generally regarded as a stock subject for debating societies, is dealt with by the Rev. R. Waddell, M.A., D.D., who puts the case for Xcw Zealand. Mr. Stead impatiently criticises '"The Martyrdom of an Empress," the book of the month, by an unknown author, and which he describes as a record ol scandal ous chronicles of the Austrian court. The character sketch is of Sir Alfred Milncr, Go vernor of Cape Colony, who luis been trying of late to reduce President Krugev to a reason able state of mind. The topic of the month is "War or 1'cace with the Transvaal r" whilst there is a long list of reprints from leading articles in the review. The finance and trade of Xew South Wales is hopefully dealt with by Mr. V. C. Nash, whilst Mr. "A. G. Wilson," junr., deals with Victoria and the "West in this regard. The illustrations are, as usual, of a high order of attractiveness in their own particular classes. The brightly written, beautifully illustrated "Windsor Magazine" is once more to hand froTn Mr. W. Hampton, bookseller, of View Point. The August number contains a fur ther instalment of the serial, "Joan of the Sword," by S. R. Crockett, and a variety of illustrated stories, including one by Ian Maclaren. "Germaine and the Ghost ." by Al fred Slai'e, is a very int erestiag contribution, and there is a deal of li erary merit on nearly every pa je. That popular and widely read monthly, "The Australian Journal" (June number), is as vi-.'il written as ever. The stories of the penal days, the serial, "The Rival Claimants," "The Detective s Album," "The Ladies ' Page," and some very good poetical contributions are the chief features of an excellent number, v:h:ch may ho obtained at Mr. W. Hampton's, View Point. "The Uses and Abuses of the Public Hos als" is the title of a pamphlet- written by Bruek, of Sydney, a gentleman who pro fesses to have had. a varied experience of the si.biect upon which he treats. The production deals w'th the matter at some len gth. and cu'min.ites in '-''2 practical suggestions for re form. Some of the suggestions have much to recommend them, while the result of others, if adopted, would be decidedly doubtful. The fifth issue of "The Boofclov'er" is to hand. It contains some brief literary reviews and criticisms, together with numerous art and literary notes, all of winch are more or less interesting. We have received the 2Sth annual report of the Victorian Society for the Protcct'ion of Animals. It is pleising to oteorvc that the organisation is getting the amount of public support which it deserves, and tl-at its efforts in the humane cause which it 1ms undertaken, aro generally guccossf'il.' 