OUR LIARLESS WIRES. \- I [OwcfG to the great inaccuracies to be found I in the daily cable services, Truth ia now solely re-lying on tbe new system, as below. ] (Copyrighted) [By Sigkob Marcaboki Pasquino.] A SERAGLIO SOAR'S. The Harem Guard Doubled. I-'Coxtixentisople, Feast of Ramadan. — The Sultan and his numerous wife feel annoyed at' the news tho press got of Truth's last libel. Abdul the Damned thinks tho interference with the simple re creative customs ot the Strathiield Asylum ites most wanton. J. Norton having been in Constantinople, lest a similar accusation be made tho harem guards will bo multi plied artificially. Also, and as a protest against J. Norton's impertinence in exposing the arcadian simplicity aforesaid, the Sultan has ordered that in all palace card parties the future custom shall be to invariably go it blind. IN HIGH SPIRITS. Tho Ghost'of a Show*' Rookwood, St. Sepulchre's Day. — Much satisfaction is felt here at the rumor of the definite opening of the George-street tram line. Owing to the crowd, thfe damp' and* dark, and tho cheerless and cold allotments, the permanent residents here are most un comfortable. They, therefore welcome the fixing of the date aforesaid, as they con sider it points to an early arrival of the Judgment Day. Corpse Revivers are likely to be in de mand. CHINA AND JAPAN. Food Restrictions on Angoras. Yokohama, Tlie Geisha House. . — Tho Government rejects tlie scheme for intro* ducing from China sick goats as an article of diet. Emetics are quieter, but Lord Salisbury is still with the Queen. Later. — It is all kid. The fact is, the Japanese Diet has thrown up by aixty rotes tho idea of a Chinese alliance. Lord Salis bury has been forcibly removed. A FISHING BOOM. Whore is Farnell's Trawl ? Owing to Russian tyranny in Finland, thousands are swimming out to avoid mili tary emeshment, Eight thousand Finns have already hooked it, and as the persecu tion iB not likely to abate, great numbers of Finns of all shapes and sizes will come to i rettle in Australia. The nett- gain should I be large to the land sharks, I THE WAR AGAINST *W AR. | Testimonials to tbe Peace Pudding Fairly ! Roll in. ! Philadelphia, Feast of Fratricide. — | Everything is going splendidly; no fighting will break out until war is declared. Eng land reports the discovery of a new gun, guaranteed to slay 600 men a second. France's submarine boats will shortly be ready to sink anv enemy. Germany is adding another million men to the army's peace-footing. Russia will soon succeed in a patent deadly disease disseminator por .microbes of bubonic plague enclosed in an explosive shell. Italy's stock of poisoned bayonets is nearly oomplete, and America is in a position to supply troops with decayed canned beef. It is therefore certain no bat tles will ever again be fought until each friendly power has perfected the sort of scientific slaughter machine it most favors. EXTRAORDINARY DISLIKES. irtrenzo Make? a Point News from S. Africa. Delagoa Bay. — Lest the Boors try to put der leg o'er the boundary^ Lorenzo, Portu gal's representative, has awakenod the garrison (who arc mostly all pockets and posteriors) and put it on its feet underarms. Krnger deplores the Portugeese dislike to the pawky Boers. He considers it the more inexplicable because cach, down to the youngest Portugosling, has a deal of the foul pig about him. Mr, Chamberlain has wired Lorenzo as follows: 'Don't fly; be sago and you'll knock the stuffing from ?em. Oom Pail wants a port, you goose.' Uganda, how. ever, reports all quiet. THE OLD ADAM. Love Lust Leads to Blood Lust. Eden ; Garden Corner. — Whilst eating his peaceful supper- a teamster, named Saville Hoy, was savagely attacked by a big dog of a native who lurked near. No reason can be assigned for the assault save that the teamster had with him several fine samples of gin. AN ABSURD GARBLE, Edek ; Poultice Pocket. — The teamster, whose' name, by the way, is Burke, was simply attacked by a native dog. ItB cannibal nxture, being attracted by the smell of the sausages frying for supper, prompted it to make several schnapps. COMETH UP AS A FLOWER All Couleur de Hose. Berlin, Pots Damn. — Herr Rose, German Consul at Samoa, has been presented with the Collar of tho Red Eagle. Had Mein Hen's name been anything else, the tint of the bird of prey would have been altered to match. Meantime the German Emperor will probably present the American Chief Justice Chambers with the certificate of the spread Eagle. CONTENTED CONNOISSEURS. A Fine and Fruity Vintage* London. — Owing to the frequent deaths from plague at Oporto, tbis season's wines | will be sure to contain more body than j usual. I The French claret merchants declare it I will injure Bordeaux trade if bubo's arc not at once imported for propogating purposes. BESIEGED TRAITORS. ** Slick Guerin's Murderous Missiles. Virulent Verses. Pabis, Sunday afternoon. — Mick Guerin's house is still barricaded, but the besiegers are weakening. ^Guerin's conduct is quite cagainst international law, and savors of barbarism. Not content with bombarding the coppers with gibbers, he is now heaving chunks of home-made poetiy at them. Several have succumbed, ana there is a » general feeling here that the President should cable Sydney's Old-age-Pension poet and warrior for a supply of fiery eftsoon and de^ly gadaooks lyrics, for retaliatory pur poses. TAMPERING WITH CORRESPON DENCE. Italy Indignant Iceycreamo Palazzo, Bologna. — Italy declares all her mails aro being tampered with and bowdlerised by the French authorities. Italian newspapers therefore consider that if all French corespondents were similarly tretfted, the 'scandals would soon cease. A CASUS BELLY-ACHE. ! Brighton, Victoria. — The newly-elected mayor being a rigid never-touchit, will j expend any booze allowance for the ad- i vanoement of the citizens. Soft stuff merchants are anticipating a boom, and local chemists are laying in large stocks of , such abdominal soothers and stimulants as ' chlorodyne and ouiskee. The citizens re gard the coming advancement with some apprehension, as they expect a rise in the sanitary rate. THE DRHYFtjg AFFAIR^ , - Paris. — Labori, Dreyfus' Mat&ri;§|o$! Maitre 1 Ed. Truth) declares that ' Sfftid herr and Henry are dead, and Pat the Clam tnust be too, judging by the strong scent they are on.' The army asserts its honor is at least , dean outside 