notes and comments. Bendigo continues to grow bigger. With-, in its boundaries buildings .ire every d.ly'-: wpi'inging up, and yet in no town in Victoria is" a"~sutt«bio" li'(Vu'se~h.mIcr to"' procure". XaturaUy, as the available spacc within the city becomes occupied, builders, "speculators and intending householders are beginning to look further alield, ;ind consequently a minia ture boom in property adjoining the city within the Shire of Strathlieldsaye has set in. Allotments are being pegged in '.all directions, and buildings of a permanent^ or temporary character are springing into exist ence on all sides. Crs. Abbott and Keek have directed attention to the necessity of having the whole of this locality properly laid out and surveyed, but though tne at tention of the proper authorities has been called to the mat'ei nothing of any conse quence has been done up to the present There is little doubt but that this settlement will be of a permanent character, and streets and right-of-ways will be absolutely neces sary. So that if the Government stand by and sec this land taken up promiscuously it will eventually have to purchase it back at aiiy price that the owners name, as well as being involved in endless vexatious disputes with people who object to parting with their recently acquired possessions. It is to be presumed that .the Surveyor-General's de partment is moving in the matter, but more prompt action is required. • ■ •••'• I'AitLiAMEXT.—Both Houses) of the Legis lature meet to-day. In the Council, the Poisons Act Amendment Bill will be dealt with ill its final stage, and tlic Life As surap.ee Companies Bill will be taken through committee. The Solicitor-General also expects that the Meat Supervision Bill will be passed by the Council. When the Assembly meets to-day the Premier ' will move'the second, reading of the Old Age Pensions'Bill, ex plaining its provisions, and .alsostatinghow' the 50,000 per annum required] for the payment of the pensions is to be raised. As already announced in this journal, it is very probable that a proposal will be mado to lower the amount of the minimum sum on which; income taX'is imposed,' which is now .£200', so as to get. in the additional revenue required. "When lie has - concluded his speech the debate will be adjourned, and the Government will then ask the Ilouse to pass the second reading of the Women's Suffrage Bill. The Treasurer also hopes to'get the supplementary estimates through committee. It' is the intention of the Premier to ask private members who have notices of motion on the business- paper for "Wednesday even ing to conscnt to their postponment for a fortnight to allow the discussion on the Budget to be continued, without interrup tion, till*11 o'clock that night.' The House will be asked to sit late on Thursday night, to finish the Budget debate. The English Mail.—The P. and O. Co's Royal mail steamer Australia arrived at Port Adelaide on Saturday afternoon. Iler mails were sent on by express train from Adelaide, and the liendigo portion was delivered yes terday evening. ' A Runaway.—Yesterday morning some excitement was occasioned by a horse, har nessed to a waggonette, bolting furiously along the Mall. The owner, Mr. David Robertson, of Frederick-street, left the ani mal and cart standing in Bridge- Street, the wheel of the vehicle being secured by a strap, while he did some business in one of the shops. The horse took fright and bolted along the Mall into Bull-street. A con stable attempted to check its wild career, and it ran into a street tree near the Town Hall, where it came to a standstill, and was secured. The swingle-bar, the shafts and portions of the harness were broken. The owner did not miss the horse and vehicle until he came out of the shop. Titk Proposed 'J'KSTixr: Plant.— The ques tion of the site for the proposed testing plant in connection with the .School of Mines again cropped up at tiie meeting of the Administra tive Council of that body last night, when a communication was received from the Me chanics' Institute committee stating, in reply to letters from the council, that they would be prepared to recommend the subscribers to the Mechanics' Institute to grant a lease of land at the rear of the library for five years at an annual rental of £30, and subject to such pro visions as were necessary to ensure to the sub scribers of the institute immunity from an noyance, inconvenience or any nuisance that the proposed works might creatc. The registrar, Mr. G. Alec. Thomson, suggested that the communication should be forwarded on to the departmental advisory board, which now has charge of all these matters. The president agreed with the proposal,"winch "wus adopted, the opinion being expressed that the council would only he wasting time bv dis cussing the offer before the advisory board had dealt with it. Consideration of an oiler by' Mr. W. Manning to forego .the remainder of his lease of land in M'Crae-street for £;>50j. payable in weekly instalments, was further. postponed. j ' A"12oz."NL'(iCiEi.—On Saturday last, _two" sluicCrs.nanied Messrs. Jack'son rtnd Ilawkins; .while cleaning out their sluice-at--Kafiir Gully; near Crusoe, discovered a nugget of gold; "'weighing 12.oz.and worth nearly--£a0... A smaller piece valued at £2 .18s was found ill' the;s!\ni.6. locality some time" previously by a dfcgoi-; _ •„ : ; , -■ Tiif, "Miutia.—The monthly march of the. local .battalion will take place this evening: Headed ;..by.j.t,he i-band .the men will march .through:the principal.streets in the city, and oii .theirrfcturulo the Orderly-room the com-r maridihg officer,'Captain Thomson, will distri- I buto the sergcalits and corporals' certilic.iM.es. 'and the militia club prizes in the Orderly-room. ~ Phevkxtiox ok Mi sin i i Accidents.—Min ing Inspector Abraham has suggested to the Minister of Mines that a clause be inserted in the Mining Act, making it compulsory for all drills to be placed in a box-truck when being taken to the surface. The Minister has not yet intimated whether he can fall in with the suggestion or not, but several of our mining managers, perceiving its value as a means of preventing accidents to miners-and machinery,' have adopted tho idea, and provided the neces sary truck. Accidents.—On Friday afternoon a little girl named Lizzie Stevens, at daughter of Mr. .Tames Stevens, of Ironbark, met with aii'ac cident in Rosalind Park. She was returning from school, in company with some com panions, and was j>laying near the .'fish pojid, when sho lost her footing and fell in. She was dragged out in a semi-conscious state, and taken to Dr. J. M. Eadie's surgery, where it was ascertained she was suffering from 'severe shock and several bruises on the head. Yesterday sho was in a fair way to wards recoveiy. A married man named Sid ney Best, a resident of Ophir-strcct, Golden square, was following his usual avocation underground at the Great Britain mine yes terday morning, when a sharp piece of stone fell on his left hand, inflicting a deep wound and exposing the bone. His injury was also at tended to by Dr. J. M. Eadie, who found it necessary to insert nine stitches. School of Minks ScnoL.uai.urs.—Amongst the correspondence read at the meeting of tho School of Mines Administrative Council last night was a letter from the Bendigo branch A.M.A., enclosing its annual donation, of £10 10s, and nominating the president, Mr. Jas'. Williams, as a life-governor of the school. Mr. Thomson read a portion of a report by the tutorial board, in which attention was directed to the monetary loss sustained by the school by the granting of so many scholarships. The registrar added that although the Miners' As sociation subscribed £10 10s annually to the school, it was allowed 10 free scholarships open to members of that body. The fees which would otherwise be derived from those 10 students would amount to £12 per annum. In addition to those scholarship! the Eaglehawk Enginedrivers'" Assccia'ion was allowed one and donated £ I Is, while the BenrbVn Wnmnn. drivers wore allowed three and.contributed £3 3a. .'That marie if total of 14 scholarships, the value of which amounted to £04 a year, while the school was only receiving £14 14s. He considered that that was too much for--the school to lose, especially in view of its present financial position. Mr. Hicks inquired if the students would attend if they did not get .the scholarships. The registrar replied that the Question had been brought under the notice of tutorial board through one of'the students, who had been paying the usual fees, securing a scholarship and bo being enabled to continue his studies without payment. After further discuss-ion.it was decided to refer the matter to the classes committee for inquiry and report. The question of the ' appointment of Mr. Wil liams as a life governor was also deferied. Mr. J. Richardson,.the nawly-appointed representa tive of tlie. Mechanics' Institute on tlie.adminis ■tral.iye council, observed that the.City Council also voted £10 10s annually to the school, and inquired if that body ever claimed the right to nominate life governors. The registrar replied in the .negalivc, and the president, Dr. If. lioyd, cxnrossc.-t'. th" opinion that the amountof the City Couir;ii'~ enntributiops was not at all coinmensurati! v. Ub what it should be, bearing in mind the fact that this is a milling com munity, and tic.' school was disseminating scientific knowledge as applied to mining. London Mykiorama Company.— Mr. John Fuller and his new London Myrioramaf Com". pany will give their highly attractive and i meritorious entertainment in the Royal Prin cess's Theatre to-morrow night. The latest' phenomenal Melbourne success, "Through Ire land on a .Jaunting Car," will be produced by a complete and powerful Tnyrioramic apparatus, which «ill be manipulated by their expert, Mr. John Fiora. .Between the part scenes, several .nuisical items.\vill._b.Q.given,„ among which.are., the popular melo(ties..._ "The Last Rase of Summer" aiul-"Killainey" by Miss Ethel V. Bergin, and the "Irish Emigrant" and "Ora Pro Nobis" by Mr. John Fuller, the gifted Rnclish tenor. Special myrioramic effects of "The Old Mill Wheel," illustrative of the same scene by day, moonlight, summer and winter will be produced, and altogether a very attrac tive programme is provided. The box plan may be seen at Suttons'. Dkstkuctio.v ok Yines.—A notice is pub. lished in the "Government Gazette" to the eilcct that all vines ordered to be destroyed under the Vine Disease Act, 1800, :u the county ofBendigo must be destroyed by the following method :—All stakes in the vineyard shall be removed and disinfected ; whilst all vines, their tap roots and email roots shall be uprooted and burned. The infested vineyards shall be ploughed to a depth of 12in., which may be ac complished by two ploughings, the first 7in. deep and the second oin. further into the sub soil, and the land harrowed witli a heavy pair of harrows. The . soil shall be treated with bisulphide of carbon and salt and kerosene, in such quantities as the inspecting officer may direct. Death of Mi:. AT. Toi-sep..—Mr. Mark Poyser, ail old and respected resident of Old Violet-street, expired yesterday at the age of 47 years, after an illness of only sh.irt duration. Mr. Poysor was born in Adelaide, South Australia, and came to Victoria when very young, where, lie has lived ever since. He leaves a widow and family, for whom much sympathy is felt; in this their second bereavement, Miss Annie. JPoyycr, aged 10 years, having died only a few weeks back. The funeral takes place on Wednesday, at 3.30 p.m. to the liendig-o Cemetery. Tub "Weather.—Yesterday the weather ■was fine and clear, and the indications point to a continuance of agreeable atmospheric conditions. The readings at Mr. J. B. Ed wards', jeweller,, were .•—Thermometer— •!) a.m., -18 dcg.; 12, GO deg.; 3 p.m., G6 deg. ; deg.; 12, 30.0; maximum, GO deg.; mini mum, *14 deg. Barometer—V a.m., 50.10 deg.; 12, 30.0 deg.: 3 p.m., 29.90 dcg ; 0 p.m., 29.81 deg. Bendigo Warden's- CoriiT.—Mr.. Warden Dickson presided yester©y. L. G. M. And erson v. 11. F. Nicolai, application for the for feiture of leaso No. 7124, at Monument- Hill, for non-compliance with the labor covenants. Mr. Dunlop appeared for the applicant, but defendant did nut appear. Tho applicant stat ed that he resided at Queen-street. The lease in question had not been worked for the last five or six years. To the warden : There i\ as no collusion between him and the lessee. Ho was prcp;ired to work the ground as soon as he obtained the lease. William Berry, miner, Lily-street, paid that no work Wd been done on the lease for three years, at least To the warden: He was not appear ing in the interests of any syndicate. The warden recommended forfeiture of the lease, with the view of its being granted to, the applicant. Letitia Broekley v. Rosamia I Brockley, application for the cancellation of residence area, No. G715. Mr. Macoboy ap peared for complainant, and asked, for 'a week's adjournment, which was granted. The court then adjourned. Insolvency Meetim!.^Yesterday .a meet ing of creditors in .the; estate, of" William Thomas Edwards, of Frcdcrick-sireet, .inner, way to have been held. There were no creditors present or represented, and the meeting was declared closed. Resisting me Polici:.—John Clean*, a well-known character, was lodged in" tho lockup yesterday afternoon bv Constable Davidson. Cleary, it is alleged, was in a very drunken state in Ilargreavcs-street, and when the constable proceeded to take him him to the lockup he resisted violently, and attempted to kick him several times. He will have to answer a charge of being an habitual drunkard, and also of resisting the police. ° Owner Required.—Ail owner is required by Detective M'Pherson for two pairs of mill- : ing trucks and axles at the city watch house. Tlicy wore found by the detective at Grassy Flat yesterday, and are supposed to have been stolen from a mine. City Pouok Cowm—Messrs. Dickson, P.M., Faul, Wibon and Beehe, Js.P ad judicated yesterday. Two drunkards "'were fined 10/ and -if. Sevez'al debt cases were dealt with, and the court adjourned. Miss Alice CnAwronn.—Referring to this I young lady's recital at the Melbourne Town ! H.ill oil Saturday, the ''Age'' says that Miss Crawford, who appears to be about 18 years ot age, and of attractive personality, chose for her first number Jean Inglelow's weird and somewhat mournful poem, "High Tide " on ' the Coast of Lincolnshire." Its interpretation j -showed .the young-■ elocutionist to possess ' capacities for tragic, passion and tender feci- | ing -above the average:, and demonstrated that she has been trained carefully in v-iain ciation and gesture. The. words were clear the gestures graceful and appropriate and : tho voice tones' well .measured.: The piece ! however, did not afford scope for those quali ties, of-piquant, womanliness which her' first I ■-encore..Selection"and her second number, | :-^Ui p S ^CStini- 10,1 of Hei' Suitors," showed ; M Crawford to possess. ■ As Portia she was subtle, o erfiowmg with humor, and vet ' !'U r"! (1":l!unl- .The nervousness, which I J\\..n slightly perceptible during the Ino-elow ' i ;iT.citah9n was.ab.ent in the Shakcsperiau • number.- In.her third-piece,.Byron's "Water- I Cr^'ford •»,ade- Sood the claim to Juim..t c- powers, and a descriptive facnltv : which the previous- recitations had indicted. -Jm! ..toned for by excellencies. Miss Crawford is ^undoubtedly a talented reciter ' Biven°Iif pA->'nER^-The entertainment I fttr(cte 1 J !iI!1Cer S 1 lltre last evening Uie \ortb i a!!dlence' Tho- " Wizard of I the -North,. who was assisted bv Mdlle vi le J n,ucl! enjoyment and caused no little w^ier at t.mes. The entertainment eonsi ed of necromancy, sp.ntnaiislic seances, and ' some of the best stage tricks which have made ent=r tmneis like ] rofessor Anderson so well known in the past. The professor produced eg"* •i hen, money, etc., out of apparently nothing, at will, . whilst Mdlle Blanclie [ gave an exhibition of cerebration and transm s° rlhrhv :v,ifh mystificti u,° audice. 1 he seaied sack tnck, the materialisation of a ghost and the -coffin trick were all successfully ! 3 H d aia of-Mdlle. Blanche In the latter fjet. thejady- is placed .inside tho box is apparently pierced with a sword, and the eofhn is opened, disclosing a state of emptiness "latlam® immediately appears from lie' hind the stage tj the audience's view. A bun eating contest caused hearty laughter, and a pri/.e y.as awarded to the handsomest lady the commit.ee wisely alloting it to a five-year-old maiden, and to the best looking gentleman audience^1' (listl'ibl^d a'»°ngst the AND THE lNCO.UB TaW Ithiinel, in his Parliamentary "-ossjp .Wnong tho Members," in (he "Argus" nrites' as follows.-— _\0 one attaches much iin- : poi tance to the. old age pension proposals. If the Premier had really expected niv „v. penditure under that head during the present financial year he would .have provided for it Either he eipeetsTodrt? , } Assem'bIy or to have it ro ill olsewhcre. Unless our aged persons Zeahm tile'1 ed WC!4!],ier tha" those of Xcw at lo ut £ m mrlT must aiir ( he llti i-'- a yoai' niorc, especially ai the! bill brings in a new class of those nre i maturely a the incL^ £ reduced SZTtta charge there will he (rouble in tlie'ltem-' „ • thousands who receive over I -^votirbuti\i-ixmi3,u;ij;vL\\-disi'e=aidtd thirds;! ass pasj^'cr, «»": I'Ltwies. Wcr, ™Je.5,00"li"' ( 