>(• THET USUALLY DO LEAHiK. " Tou and your wife didn't gp~away anywhere thiB summer ?" asked Anderson of Stone. " Ifot particularly." replied Stone cautiously. " You di'in't go last year, did you ?" " No, but I don't know whether I can work it another." "Why, have you gotany scheme to circumvent it ? "If you have, for goodness sake let me into it. 91 " Well, it's this way. 1 have always allowed my wife so much cash for her own use and tlie use of the house, and she has always spent it. Last year 1 told her I hadn't the money to spend in a summer trip, unless she could save a little on liei allowance to help me out" " And she didn't do it, or you would have gone, of course ?" interrupted Anderson. " That's where you're off," continued the wretched husband; "she saved aud saved, and reported to me every week, and I kept telling her we would go when she hsd a few more dollars. She kept alu-:r : mriucent simplicity, and, finally, j. 1 concluded wchad enough to meet tit:- expenses it was Coo late to go, nnd .1 was ahead just that mijch." "Great head!" exclaimed Anderson. " Tou'll work it agninthat way, of course ?" " Don't know," sighed Stone, " she's a year older now, and n young wife learns an awful quantity abgpt her husband in that time, if she wants to." M* A Cool lieccptioi).—Mrs. Iluzby: Was it very hot here wben I was in the country ? Mr. Buzby: Yes; but it scold enough now you're home again, Maria. Bride (putting on travelling drees): Did I look nervous at all during the ceremony, Kate ? Kate (bribe's eldest sister): A little at first, hut not after Alfred hnd said 1 Yes." " •I* " Bhc tak<(6 after her father. She has got his hair," remarked the visitor. " No, tbe baby doesn't," interrupted little Tommy. "It's ma who tnuk after pa und got'tbe hair. She got n whole handful of it." The look the parents gate Tummy made the visitor's blood run o ld. A Heartless Itclort.—Wife : Haven't I suffered in a thousand wAys since I married you ? Heartless Husband: There is one way you haven't. Wife (indignantly) : In what way is tlmt ? Heartless Husband: In silence. Slightly lioprovod Quarters.—" How aro you gelling along ?"' asked u widow of her late husband, who apjieared to her at mid • nigbt as a ghoBt. Ghost: Very well, indeed—much better than during my twenty ycJirs of married life on earth. Widow (delighted): Then you are in Heaven ? "Oh, no." «t» He Let Things Run.—" Sec here," said a fault-finding husband to his wife, " wo must iavc things arranged in this l^ouec so tliyjt e qhall know just where everything is ept," "With a|J my hsart," sjie sweetly; anwms<J>' and Jpt tjs iBjgio wjUj'yoijr late -CUlJ&, tfly Ijpvij; I.should dearlylike.to know wjuire ttay «re kep^' He let things run on as usual. JJr. Bugjklgy: Gmjjg to leajc, James Why, wh^fUyogrgpcv^pce ? James: Hi can't put up wi' tli' missus hany longer, sir. Mr. Buckley: liut just think, James, how long I've put with her. Jajne6: Yes, sir—quite true, sir. But— beggin' yer pardon, sir—if I might he bo bold, sir—it's my hopinion, sir, as how ynu ai n't exactly a free hagent, sir. Don't you tliiuk 1 look killing ?" inquired Mrs. Biasfolds,- as she eutered the room in a nev briek-dust costume. Mrs. BiasfnldB is what one might call decidedly plump; aud when Biasfolds calmly replied, " Yes, my dear, you look fat enough to kill, if that is what you mean," it was not unnatural that Mis. B. should flounce out of the apartment with a very flushed face and a quivering tongue. A gentleman goes to an armourer's and asks for a revolver. Here's a real nice family weapon," says the clerk. Family weapon!" Yes, ffemily weapon; just the tiling for domestic tragedies; six-shooter, you sec, sir —two bullets for your wife, two bullets for the destroyerof your happiness, two Tor yourself. All the gQ, sir. Sell hundreds of 'em for bridal presents, sir." Suspicion Aroused.—" It • wasn't that!" exclaimed Mr.Bandere, indignantly. " You see, I didn't say a word at all." How'd she find out, then ?" asked one of die party. "Why, I went home and sheasked if it mi me- I told her it was. Took the chances on that, you know. Then she asked me if I'd been drinking. I told her'no. And there! stopped. Neversaid anotherword." "But yon Bay she caught on somewhere. How was that f" " Just a blunder I made. When I told her I hadn't drools anything, die was Eatiified. but when T came to go to bed I put on'my ovoBsbat instead of my oightshirt And that aicltediuspi'uoB." ' .. 