''iAtlL::^tU&^' DREAM. (FOR THE 'SUNDAY TIMES.') There Is a man well-known to fame . Who bears a three-fold Bible name. And plays a deep and artful game — ?' Faul Kruger. He chastens them, lie says, because They will not keep the. kind- ly laws The Voliksraad passed amid applause For Kruger. He is a pdoua mac, end good, Who bates the base Outland or brood — It seems they never under stood Paul Kruger. His faitb is in the Lord of Hosts— ns one of his most frequent boasts; zet, spite ot faith, unhallowed ghosts Haunt Kruger. Extortion, murder, tyranny. Oppression and Monopoly Disturb the equanimity v Of Kruger. He slept the other night— to find The evil visions of Ms mind In concrete shape approach to find Paul Kruger. Huge forms rose up about Ms bed Awful, innumerable, dread ? 'God in His Heaven ! Am i dead ?' Said Kruger. He saw a hundred monster ships nK^*lhe docks' and Carves, and slips Of (half the world— sweat stood 5n drips On Kruger. He_saw them sail for Afric's shore, 'And sixty thousand men they bore, And in his ear a voice said 'Poor \- Old Kruger.' They landed several hundred guns: They landed shell by tons and tons. A soldier cried: 'These are Bath buns For Kruger ! ' wfJ*?^ legIons ao^Hward came, ' With flash of steel and glare or flame ' And every man cried out the name Of Kruger ! 'Where are my burgihers stout and tried To drive these dogs away ?' he cried. Again the pitying Voice replied: '..??? 'Dead, Kruger ! 'Fallen, and dead, and white, and still By spruit, and drift, and town, and hill They lie— no more to work your will, Paul Kruger ! 'The stranger whom you scorn and foate, Whose home you rendered desolate, Now stands within your city gate, Paul Kruger ! 'You would not learn, you would not heed Your trust you placed in Force and Greed— You leaned upon a broken reea, . Paul Kruger ! 'You thought to drive them to *he sea, And set up an. autocracy, Wherein no man would dare toe free, Paul Kruger ! 'Behold their armies tread your land, The broken sword falls from your hand. Where shall you flee — where shall you stand — Now, Kruger ?' The Voice was still, but through and through The dreamer's mdnd the winged words flew. : He started— woke— and found It true— Ah, Kruger ! —EDWARD NEWTON M'CULLOOH. Sydney, November 30, 1899. . : -? ' : 