? XOTS&M; AND JETSAM. A PKMANTUB." FT- V..-V i bec-!i -es i:i ; I am sure the com- •. c sick of, and bar tbe v pjir. and for which entries i;in. t litre will be no more ,(•:•• Sweet by-and- bye." Of •: V be classed as a fiasco, fo -:Ves iaced the starter on for vim extremely rich Btake. Th \\-er, be blamed for this, of liortfs must, as the terms were oeral. especially for this club, which es its Jul! pound of flesh from horse r as Saturday last was concerned, the * • be really styled the " Wilson Stakes," as Bobadil and Revenue were owned by Mr. W. R. Wilson; Alix and Lee- Metford were trained hy Jas. Wilson, junr. ; and Wait-a Bit belongs to Messrs. W. and C. Wilson, thus leaving only Locksmith unaccounted for by the Wilsons; moreover, last year Mr. W. R. Wilson took first and second moDey. THE day was none too nice to attract visitors other than regular racegoers, as it was muggy and close, but, nevertheless, tli^re was a really fair attendance of sports, although I noted that the grand stand did not display its usual quota ot gowns, bntperhaps the fair sex preferred the ladies' swimming matches at Brighton, as they can view races almost any time, whereas the novelty ot their sex exercising in the natatorial art is something wholly uncommon, especially as " that brute man" was deprived of the' interesting spectacle, and, moreover, required his field-glasses for their more legitimate use at Caulfield. But the sterner half of mankind rolled up in good numbers and battled away satisfactorily with the fielders, the latter having a bit the worse of the duel, as every winner was fairly backed during the afternoon with the exception of Safety, whom I selected in last week's PONCH as the winner, owing to her sterling gallop on the Tuesday morning. IT goes without saying that Mr. Tom Moule bad everything in apple pie order at Caulfield, and the celebrated heath looked really delightful. Perhaps the only lache was the omission to inform the public that Lissadurn had not been in the hands of the starter, as I met a few backers who held tickets on the filly and were refused a refund by the fielders, although some few of the latter returned the amounts betted. PROCEEDINGS commenced with the Alma Stakes, for which all the baker's dozen coloured on the card went to ihe post, although Lissadurn was so terribly fractious, even to dislodging Paddy Guinane, that the field was sent away without her. From the opening of the betting Bobadil's sister Rona, was a pronounced favourite, with Ideal also on the market, but the N.Z. bred filly retired a bit and Condiment actually started second favourite. Tremarden, who has grown into a really magnificent colt, was looking so well that he was nibbled at, but the weight of coin was really on Rona, who has more bone than her celebrated brother. She had every opportunity to win, as being smart on her legs she jumped off in front and was not headed until the half-distance, where Condiment slipped up on the inside and won comfortably with Tremarden, who had all the bad luck of the race, a really good third. Condiment 6howed her form by winning at Flemington in the Epring, and is trained by that great general amongst two-year-olds, the veteran TomLamond. IRAMOO was a strong taviurite tor the Hurdle Race, and going off at scire never gave his opponents the ghost of a shew, although he hit one or two of the obstacles nrt tty heavily. The piece dc resistance of the afternom, the Futurity Stakes, followed/and Bobadil opeied at 0 to 4 on him, but in the absence of stabk support, the flying son of Bill of Portland retired to evens, although 10 to 9 was wanted a couple of minutes prior to starting time. "Five to one, bar one," was the cry, aud this was for <Vait-a-Bit, who looked big and lusty. Alix and Lee Metford were supported, but Locksmith ran for the stable without a copper on, the stake being the inducement. BOHADIL was reported to have been absolutely off bin feed since his arrival at headquarters, but, nevertheless, he did not betray it, and looked bigger, lustier and fresher than in the spring, when he bore such a wasted and dried-up appearance. Alix looked as fit as possible, but for some unknown reiison did not claim her sexual allowance, in addition to that of maidenhood. I don't think I ever saw Lee Metford looking half the horse he did on Saturday, as lie has lost that waspish appearance and now presents quite a respectable look, so that 1 have yet strong hopes of this gentleman proving a really good one. Revenue has neither thickened nor grown much since his 8pnng victories, and it struck me that the candidates which have summered best of all were Bobadil and Lee Met- ford. THE race needs no description, a& Alix at once begau to cart them along in line style, making the pace pretty merrily, whilst Bobtail was a bit slow on his feet. Bert Morrison allowed him to "gang his ain gait," and never flustered the son of Bill of Portland, but once around the home turn simply asked bim to gallop, and he came right away, winning in a common canter from Alix, who beat Wait-a-Bit really badly for second money. Lee Metford and Revenue followed, with the groy deceiver Locksmith very close to the two-year- old. WHEN the cheering had subsided and the cashbetters had received over their popular fancy, they invested pretty well all their winningsxm Leeway for the Steeeplechase, but N.Z. and Hyena were both substantially supported. The favourite jumped badly, and was really never in the hunt, tor Jfiumeralla aud Hyena made the pace so solid that he was compelled to carry his weight. The two leaders in turn Iwth flattered their admirers over the last obstacle, but gradually Hyena wore down his opponent and finally won comfortably, Bostedo, who for once succeeded in Btauding up, taking third money. No less than one-and-twenty horses appeared a the post for the Kooyong Welter Race, and North British was at once pounced on as the specially good thing; and so it proved, for after indulging itruger and llfracombe with the lead he came througli and won in a canter, carrying his 10.3 over tne seven furlongs in 1.3U%, beating Bobadil's time over the same course bva quarter ot a second. So far, backers had been doing pretty well, and they pounced on to Majestic lor the Woodclili'e Handicap, bringing him down to C to 4. iSedge, Hainault and Vale Lock were also well supported, and a very small parcel was written down about Safety, some holders ottering 1'2's and others 10's. She jumped oil' in front and won literally pulling up from the favourite, who got terribly bumped abuut, but came with such a fast, run that the majority ot spectators considered him specially unlucky in not getting home. I was not with tliern, as Safety's gallops showed me conclusively that her chance was second to none, and as she won with a lot in hand, I think she deserved her position. Majestic was giving her 301bs., and no matter how clear a run he may have got his jockey could not take him to the front with 9.6 on his hick. At the weights the best horse won. BEACHCOMBER has made a retrograde movement on the market—if there really bo any — for the Newmarket Handicap in consequence of his poor performance at Warwick Farm. On his victory m the High Weight Welter Handicap at Randwick the son of Loctiiel certainly appeared "up to his neck" in the race; but, strange to say, wellinformed Sydneyites do not appreciate his chances very highly, aud one of ' tnu very foremost of tiie Sydney jockeys told me a lew mornings ago that he would willingly sufler any indignity being placed on him if Beachcomber win the jv'ewmark-et Handicap. Moreover, it is generally considered that " Hoppy " is the Hon. Bill's selected for the big autumn sprint. WORK on the tracks at headquarters is not quite so lively as in years past, but during the next few days we may look tor some fast gallops. On Tuesday before it was really daylight Zoe got home in front of Cabin Boy and Vigorous at the end of six furlongs, run in J.19, but it was probably on sufferance, although the Queensland mare is undoubtedly a good.one. Tne Undine on sufferance got home m front of R,eka at the end of a mile aud a half run iu 2.503 , the tirst mile taking 1.55. Stand Urf and Valorous, who on Saturday ran half-a-mile in 5U£, took 1.5| for five furlongs, thus Bhowing how the dense atmosphere affected horseB. Dozoii, who is a really beautitul mover, was sent a sterling mile on the sand, which was the journey given Longford and Alemene, who took 1.5U4, or seconds longer than on Thursday. Yale Lock took 1.20 for (i furlongs, and Carrara finished really well in a similar distance, and occupied half-a-eecond less. Forest, who looks well, was not asked to break evens, which was the task allotted Caviarre and Mystery. Loma ran five furlongs in l.S^-, and Le Var put in a rattling mile and three-quarters, leaving the last mile and a-half behind him iu 1.4S§. This horse is in wonderful fettle and going better than anything else at headquarters, so even if he find 9.1 too much in the Australian Cup, he will have his number hoisted in connection with some of the weight for age events before returning to W.A. The hurdler, J.C.B., was too good for Violet and Gold at the end of a mile encompassed in 1.525. Heretic finished just in front of Crimson, but L think it was only on sufferance, with Eiridsford some lengths in the rear. They ran a mile and quarter in 1.20J, the last half-mile occupying Oojsecs. Aroha, witii very light weight, easily oojsecs. Arona, wit.11 a very iiglit weignc, easuy accounted for The Merry Prince over five furlongs left behind in 1.8, and Model took 1.7} for lire furlongs. Hainault essayed a mile, but coul J not do better than 1.54, the last six furlongs taking 1.25J. Domino, with a very light weight, ran around the sand track in 2.38j, • having Parrakeet and The Provost both well beateD, the last named travelling just as if he vere hobbled. Caralbi accounted for five furlongs in 1.8 J, and Isola, in defeating Spat, knocked the fraction off for the same distance. Churchlight did not move too nicely over six furlongs on tiie tan, run iu 1.261. Ballistite, who has been having a rest, worked on the samp, track in company with St. David, and Hickenbotbam's other horses also used the bruised bark. Blunderer, who on Thursday ran six furlongs in 1.18a, and on Saturday a mile in 1.48, was sent along for a few furlongs, but Safety was not sent out of a fast canter. Embrasure and Mazmtina moved along nicely in company, and some scores of others were sent at various paces. Review and Womba, in company, jumped the schooling fences very nicely, and Sealing Wax had' a spell at the hurdles. ON Saturday next the V. A.T.C. Meeting will be concluded at Cauifield, and as there will be no mammoth stake like the Futurity the club will probably score a financial success. The Oakleigh Plate and Purse are combined worth a thousand, aud will, therefore, beyond all question, attract good fields ;]in fact, the racing on Saturday next should be of a most interesting character, and when the first starting bell rings at 1.30 I shall anticipate seeing a capital attendance. Final acceptances for the two principal events are due at 4 o'clock this afternoon, and in their absence I select the following to run for me for their various events : — ORRONU TWO- YPAR-OLD HANDI- CAP. IDOL ... 1 ST. ALISANS BEST... ... ... 2 Garalbi ... ... ... ... 3 WA1ROA HTJRDLK KACE. REALGAR or HOMESPUN ... 1 MINKSTKA... ... ... ... 2 J.V.B. ... ... ... ... 3 OAKLEIGH PLATE, VIGOROUS 1 VENEDA ... ... ... ... 2 Veloce. ... ... ... ... 3 Scorn ... ... ... ... 4 JSTANLLFIY STEEPLECHASE OUYEN REVIEW ... Mum&ralla...; 1 H A W K S B U R N CRIMSON LONGFORD... Majestic ... OAK LEI UH H A N D I C A P . 1 P U R S E . ALIX 1 BLCNDEEKB ... ... -•• 2 Tremarden ... ••• ••• 3 "AGED PAT" is informed that Safety was scratched for the Newmarket Handicap at 2.30 p.m. on 6th February, and will not, therefore, be a starter in the big race at Flemington next Saturday week. 