Strategic Positions. Tho following places aro referred ! o in to day's messages: — ALIWAL NORTH. Aliwal North is prottily situated on tho South bank of tho Orange River. Is the terminus of tho East London, Quocnstown, and Eastern Railway, distance 280 miles front tho port of East London, mid now in direot railway communication with Port Elizabeth, 1310 miles ; Capetown, 068 miles; and with .Tiloonifoutein and the Vaal Rivor railway to (the TranHvaul. Tho district population is 10,000, inoluding 4,4(10 natives. Aliwal Ts'orth receives a yearly inorcasing numbor of invalids and other visitors from all parts of -tlio world, in ordor to uso tlio celebrated hot .sulphur springs, about a milo from the town. ' Is tho contro of n largo corn-growing and fwnol-producing country. There nro scvoral churchos, two banks, n club, nnd three hotels., j BURGHERSDORP. j Burghersdorp is tho chiof town of tho : Albert distriot, Eastern proviuco ; popula- 'linn about 3,000; soat of magistracy. The j town is on tho eastern railway system, about j'250 miles from tho terminal port, East Lon- ! don, and is now connected by rail with ovory (South African railway, system. Tbo popula tion of tho district in 1801 was 16,071. j QUEENSTOWN. ! Queenstown is tho chief town of the division not Queenstown, whioh is ono of tho most favoured in Capo Colony, embracing some of fits finest mountuin seonory. Tho olimatois .-dry and bracing, uud tho town is noted as a sanatorium. Essentially an agricultural dis trict, well watered by flowing rivers, mid tho (mountain ranges uro covered with oxoollont tpastnrago. With the exception of ono othor division it is tho largest wool- producing division in the colony, . and there are many flourishing local industries. Quocnstown, which is an important ' contro of trade, is distant . 604 miles east of Capetown, 205 milos north of Port Elizuboth, ,154 miles from . East London, tho nearest port, mid is connected by rail with Aliwul North, East London, Johannesburg, Bioomfontein, Kimbcrioy, Capetown, Port Elizabeth, and Rhodesia. Fine town hall and Government offices. Many churohes anil publio and (private schools. Tho division has a popu lation of 43,661, of which 35,851 aro natives. ! Ghost in Beooade. -> Soe Christmas nnmber (of the Week, illustrated ; price 3d. Ordor joarly. | A carious fatal acoidcnt to a soullor oo- I curred at tbo City nnd St. Mury's Rivor and VDncks Regatta on tho Thames botween (Greenwich and Doptford. G. Andrews, of (Rotherhithe, appeared to ho winning tho (sonllcrs' race easily,, whan ho ran foal of )n barge that was coming out from tho Kont i-sido of tho river, uud going down, was novor .afterwards scon alive. Hie body was sub sequently recovered. 