SELLING SENSATIONS AND PUR- CHASING THEM. Tiieiib is an old gentleman in tho Now Kent Road who has a particular pre- dilietion for witnessing big fires, and will willingly pay any parson who cares to call and apprise liiin of a groat firo in the metropolis nt any hour of tho day or night. Ho usually pays fivo shillings for this privilege, Ho is a man of money and leisure, and boosts of having witnessed all tho big blazes in London during tho post ten years. Tho 'cuto personage who supplies this gentleman with his favourite sensation has mode this odd occupation his profitable hobby for sovoral years. Ho has a long list of clionts! scattered all over the metropolis, aud ho is constantly on tho look out for sensations of all sorts, which I10 notifies to his customers ' ns proinply as possible. Ho told us about two mnideu' Indies- sisters — who rcsido nt Hempstead. They nro ardont students of spiritual phenomena, and will readily forfeit fivo shillings and nny reasonable oxpenses for any reliablo information as to 'haunted' houses iii London or tlio suburbs. They will trnvol miles together and walk nmozino distance at all kinds of uncanny hours, on tho bare chanco of discovering a now sensation in tlio 'ghost' iine. Tho older sister ii writing a work on 1 genuino ghosts ' for ti certain learned socioty ; hence lior anxiety for roliablo data on tlio subject. Another curious client cherishes a morbid passion for mysterious murder eases, and will bestow tips most generously in order to obtain access to a bouse where n crimo lias bcon committed. Tho more ghastly tho crimo tlio moro intense is his anxiety to inspect tho apartment wherein it occurred. Ho hns boon known to pay an informant sovereigns for prompt intellt- enco concerning an apalling crime, and yet anothor sovereign to a policeman for permission to view tlio scene of the tragedy. Ho is u collector of criminal ' relics, ' nnd lias gathered enough of these gruesome articles to stock a small museum. A retired tradesman, at Walworth, is exceedingly fond of gazing upon the bodies of suicidosandattending coronors' inquest. Employes a man to keep him informed of all the suicides that occur iu London, . and ho makes it bis doleful duty to go nnd inspect the deceased, usually representing' iiimsef as an intimate acquaintance or friend of tho dead person. Ho attends tlio inquest, olid there records all tho- evidence in a voluminous notebook. This dono, his interest in tlio caso ceases. A wealthy Amoricnn lady, residing in tlio West of London, will pay nny reason able sum to bo promptly informed of a railway accident which sho hns a passion for witnessing. She will go off nt any ; hour of tlio day or night, nnd travel almost nny distance to satisfy her peculinr craving. Our informant apprised lior of ' the last sad accident 011 a big northern line, and received a couple of pounds for bis pains. The lady then drove imme diately to Euston, went north by tho next express, visited the scene of tlio disaster, and tlioro tarried for two days returning to her homo. In a smart detached villa, in suburban London, livos a wealthy patron of sport, whoso predilection for pugilism is woll known to his numerous acquaintances. For rolinblo information as to tho locality of a prospective prize-fight he will cheerfully forfeit a X5 note. Tlis sum ho gives to the first iufonnant, for thero aro now many who nro aware of liis generosity in his particular. This enthusiastio sportsman — who is now seventy years of age — boasts of having witnessed moro than a thousand notablo prizo-ficbts. rlnriniv Tiio 1n..n -""b »»" wiig vuicur, Ono would Burmiso that ovon tho most morbid-minded of sonsatiou lovers would draw the lino nt the horrors of tho post mortem chamber, but tlioro aro at last two men in London who arc at any timo prepared to pay for tho ' privilego ' of witnessing a post-mortem oxamination. Ono of thoso is a surgeon, whoso once groat reputation was marred by a grave misde meanour. A big legacy brought him independence, and this is now his peculiar hobby. It is gonornlly bcliovcd that tlio common houso martin, which leaves England when ncsting timo is over, spends tho winter in Africa. But although millions of tho birds disappear from Europe ovory autumn, tho ornithologist Dr. Sharpo knows of only ono singlo autliontjc instance of tho capture of a martit) in tho African continent. 