SOCIALISM AND THE LAND QUESTION. [BY IXION.] Crusoe Economies. In every discussion upon the land question r-nrt himself : he will be inaepenueuu : «» Eabour question will be solved ' But the modern producer is not an isolated Crusoe. He does notP live by himself and for himself. Under primitive conditions the wants of the individual were few and satisfied by his own efforts. To-day his requirements are drawn from all parts of the earth. They require the effort of a multitude. Even for his common ?articles of diet— for his tea, sugar, &c;, the moderu tiller of the soil (unlike Crusoe) has need to exchange. That makes all the differ ence ? for the moment he goes upon the market he becomes subject to the fluctuations of unre gulated traffic and to the contest of rivals capable, by reason of their superior appliances and cheaper methods, to undersell him at every turn. Thus, to say teaman, ?' Follow Crusoe take a spade and extract a living from the soil, is like putting the result of the hand loom against the output of large mills. It is an absurdity, because he cannot compete at current prices. Yet with the hand loom, the ? century - back weaver made a splendid living. But then there was no gigantic weaving mill. So Crusoe Economics have no application whatever to modern industrial conditions. tu« m-+l« nKn^nnar Viaa nn mnrfi p.lmnnfi of permanent success against wealthy capitalist rivals than a savage with spear and tomahawk against the man who stands behind the marvel lous weapons of military science and kills at a distance . In every direction the little competi tors are overwhelmed and made serfs by the powerful. The savage is made vassal to the capitalist nation : the artisan to the trust : the agriculturalist to the bonanza. It is the law of war, industrial and otherwise, that the spoils shall be to the victors. . * * ? What shall we do to be Saved ? Some say ' Let us pass laws to prohibit large farms.' In other words, they would, in the name of progress, prevent the application of the most economic methods of production. It is synonymous with the Luddite effort to prevent the development of large - scale manufactory production. It is a reactionary policy. What shall we do 1 Understand, first of all, that efforts at reform can only be effective in so far as they are in accordance with the tendencies of industrial evolution. Those tenden cies are towards production ou a larger and larger scale. The benefits of large-scale pro duction can only be generalised by co-operative ownership. Co-operation to be beneficial to all must embrace all — the whole community. The benefits of industry will then be spread over the tvuuic iittuuu ujl piupimiura, -Lnib CODBHbUteS Socialism. * ♦ * Socialism la not, as some people imagine, a cutand dried scheme, emanating from the brains of idealists and dreatuers, but a social programme based upon an investigation of industrial phe nomena — a recognition of what men must do if they desire to adapt themselves to modern in dustrial conditions. If men will not have employment of the people, by the people, for the benefit of the people, they will have employ ment of the people, by the few, for the benefit of the fevr. Socialism or the syndicate— that is the alternative. And every day that the people delay action, strengthens the syndicate ;aDd multiplies the evils that will ultimately have to be combated. - * * ? A Labour Party's Land Policy. What ought to be the land policy of a Labour Party, so that its political actions shall har monise with Socialist principles 1 Well, we have in Victoria 33,000,000 acres still in posses sion of the Crown. Deducting roads, river- beds, water reserves, and sterile mountain country there remains 27,000,000 acres. Of these 16,000,000 acres are leased for an annual rental of £41,000, 4,000,000 acres are leased for an annual rental of £47,000, leaving 7,000,000 acres still unoccupied. This land is being rapidly alienated. There is a d mand that alienation snail cease. Suppose it Btopped to-morrow : What is to be done with it ? Some say » LeaStj it.' But to whom ? ' To little farmers and village settlers !' Xneir mo.ie of production is obsolete. ' Lease it to large farmers and agricultural companies.' What good will that do? The extension of labour-saving appliances under individual owner smp will still .continue to augment the unem ployed ; consequently it will not bring an im provement in the status of agricultural labourers or of wage-earners generally. There is only one road left open : Advocate the cultivation arid development of the national territory by a ? system of large-scale primary production ad ministered by the State and ^municipalities on ? ' * * ? * Imaginary Objections. It is said that the remaining Grown lands have no utility for agricultural purposes. If this be true, then the continued alienation of ?these lands by the process of- selection is a swindle on the part of both the selectors aud the authorities. Why? Because the establish ment of agricultural properties .is the funda X /eJiSOVPJOn ?hi6h ^'policy, of selection wounded. And sincepriyate individuate -are ao eager ^appropriate ;*he soil, there ' must be * reason for it. If ^it 4s monopoly, %en/aS ???' ? ? ? . ? . . .?.??? - ? ^ Mo- tion is a crime against the public welfare with out any extenuation. If it is for agriculture and'the soil is fit for it, then the objection baq no validity. If it is not fit, then the authorities are trading upon the ignorance of the selectors to sell them land destitute of agricultural value But then, again, those who speak with. Kicardo of the 'inherent and indestructihlp. properties ot the soil-' (aB if its richness or poorness were eternal and unchangeable) speak of something they cannot prove. Alter a few years the richest soil becomes exhausted, and its fertility has to be maintained by manuring and other artificial methods. So the poor virgin soil and the' soil impoverished by use stand in the same category— :they are non-productive I To make them productive, similar methods and efforts are necessary, and their productive I capacity is as much the result of human labour as a steamboat or a plough.: What has been done with the sand dunes of Holland, with the stony ridges of Ireland, with the arid wastes of the Central States by Armour and his syndi eating friends can also be done in Victoria by a company consisting of the people of Victoria. Labour can make the poorest soil rich and pro^ fitable. The Yankee syndicates buv manafwa and scientific ability upon the wage-market. I The co-operated people of Victoria can do ditto |\ with equal profit. And apart from all this, the IV fact remains that it is not true to say that the I I remaining Crown lands are too poor for the' I ,' purposes of agricultural production. Leaving I * the Mallee on one side, there are rich tracts in t i the Western District, held by pastoral lease- It i holders, and there are also large areas of rich lit soil in Northern and Eastern Grippsland. II r When the ' poor soil 'argument is left with- I out a leg, we get the obstacle, 'too far away.' \j It is only true in its application to the poor If settler who must be near to a market in order u to live, but it has no validity whatever to the Y-. Giant Bonanza, whether owned by (Syndicate or ' | State.- - ? : ' ?' ' ? ?' ? -i I 