FROM A 'TEC'S DIARY. (Au RISBW BSSEBVB* J A UVEBFOOL HY8TEBT. m How did it all oome about P" Well, it was a curious hit of business, Nat, a rare combination of iatality and providence, that enabled me that night in January, three years ago, to escape death by means of a cup of tea ; bnt throw same more coal on tbe Ore, aad 111 juat give you tbe particulars of that most strange and nntowati adventure in my life." Drawing the curtain te shut cut .the dreary aspect of the scene without, for it waa a murky dull evening ia October, a small, thin, drizzling rain fallia^ whilst a grimy yellow kiud of atmosphere hung over everjthieg, I prepared to recouat to my friend, Nat Bonner, a new member of tbe foice.the terrible inoidcat that bad occurred ia my career soma three years before. It had been a most inexplicable business, a mysteiy that to tho shrewdest member of the servicc seemed unfathomable— tboro bad been uo getting at it. The game bad born carried on, despite an active search instituted by tbe authorities, witb utter impunity. Sivoral young meu had disappeared *udde»ly from their homes and frienda aa mysteriously as though swallowed up by aa earthquake—nnt tho (.lightest clue was left U explain a way their phantom-like departure from the midst ef their fallows. Matters i-tood thus when fresh terror waa expcrii need bj the inhabitants of tbe good town of Liverpool by tbe unaccountable (lis* appear»noe of a yeuug lady, tbe daughter of a shipping ogeut. Miles Arliogford was well knows end highly respected, and bis pretty daughter, juat about t* be married to tbe captain of a training vessel, suddenly adding another to tbe strange and weird disappearances tbe utraoat consternation prerailed. It was at this juncture that I was sent dowa from Scotland Yard to the Lancashire town ta see if I could ferret uut tbe mystery. Thus it fell abnut, Nat, tbat I fouad myself, one wild, dark January night, well disguised and well armed, too, prowling around the purlieus ef the great shipping city. My objcct was to visit some ef the lowest quarters of the town, tbat I might gather a little information aa to what th* rough element had to say about this enthralling topis. Fate led me ou to a clue to tbe mystery, the unveiling of wbicb, however, was nigh costing me my life. ' I had left a certain pretty little bruastto in London. Much against my indication I bad had this task put upon me, and, in spite of my usual courage, was strangely nervous as to the result. I had turned dowu a daik, narrow street, led on by a glare of light in its centre,thrown across the pathway from oae of tbose large lamps tbat, in form of a barrel, are to be seen outside so many of the public-houses ia Liverpool, Shouts of coarse laughter and a wild chorus of voices rang in the air. Cautiously and warily I now pushed on, presently halting before tbe door «f tbe Jolly Kei fera, for such WSB the >aiga ol the hou^e, and jolly encagh the customers of the foolers appeared to be if •nemigbt judge from tbe noise, oaths, laughter, and uproar that rose from within. I waa debating as to the advisability of entering this rude place of entertainment when 1 was startled by a loud, gruff voice, at the same time that a baary band was laid unceremoniously upon my shoulder. Starting back, I beheld a tall, aurott- lookiBg man af colour—a stalwart sailor, whilst creoeh. iag nervously beside him was a fair, blue-eyed girl, a pretty, timid-looking creature, who, casting a glance at alarm around, exclaimed: " Leave the gentleman alone, Scipip, and get ou heme !" Wildly, entreatingly, the girl strove to draw tbe man awav, but, with evil-louking eyes and a dtutikcu stare, the truculent rufiiaa ejaculated,with a tierce oatb, "Bark *ee,Kaaoe ; just you port your helm aad sail off, and leave the landsman alang with me. I mean him to splice tbe raainhince (drink). If he can't pay, why, I can; tbat'sstraightenough, I gucBS, stranger? come along, old mau." With B slap upon my shoulder tbat fell from no light hand, the darkey uow drew me tawards the doer of the inn. Ktaitled aad bewildered I involuntarily fal lowed, prepared to humour tbe fellow. I waa well armed aad keenly alive ta the daager 1 might IUU in snch company as I might presently be mixed up with, but I was un a mission that impelled me to take up the slightest scent. In auch society as tbe negro sailor and tbe noisy crew within the public-house I might gather some clue that, perchance, would lead on to a discovery of the mysterious rrimes 1 bad baea entrusted to elucidate. With a deep-drawn breath, then, and a smile of qniet humaur and unconcern, I boldly followed in the footsteps of man Gcipio, but evea as I waa entering tbe doors of the house a bushed whisper, a gasping cry of warning escaped tbe lips of tbe youag girl who had stood irteaolute baaide me. " Do aot go with him! Do aot drink I" Then, as myconduclor.discovering she was still at hand, made a savage blow at her, with a stifled scream and pallid faoe she tamed and darted from I he spot. " Guess III spoil her beauty afore I've done witb her," muttered tbe ruffian, aa I now inquiringly followed him into tbe house. Indignant at his brutal behaviour, and struck with tbe beauty of the belpleas girl; woDdering, too, how on earth such a timid creature bad become his associate, I made up my mind to unravel the myatery.and the follow Seipis's conduct, too, before I had donB witb him. With all my senses about me, and oa the qui vive for any emcrgcacy, I now called for two brandies ami cigars, much chagrined, however, at remembering that I bad ne ailver, and almost regretting having so readily aocempanied my doubtful companion. b Ha 1 You land eovea make the quids a sight easier than ua poor devila," ejaculated the sailor as I hastily gathered up tbe change of my t sovereign, more than one pair of ejea greedily, watching me. It was a wild, mttley.-set of gaol-birds I was now mixed up with, and I aaw.at a glance tbat I was in tbe Leuae of a crimp ! " Been Inng on the salt water, Darkey P" I exclaimed as I cool J lighted my cigar, and handed the match to my quondam companion. " Man and boy over thirty years, mate! was born ou it, and 'spect I'il die on it, or in it I" Unless you get scragged aahore, Scip!" ejaculated a one-eyed, hoDk-neaed, villainuus-lookiug fellnw, who obimed in at the moment, giviag a slight wiak at the ma* of colour and a jark ef the thumb at myself, which I was quick ensugh to catch sight of. •• First voyage thin 'ere way alat it, m&te; F Guess you're a London cove. I can tell 'em at sight; know the craft well -, l'va shipped from St. Katberine's and London, know every crib ia the Highway. Lodged at the Home last tin:* when I was paid off. But sum mat was misted. The boss ef the Home hinted Iknewsnmmal about it, «o I gave bim oae between ths daylights as floored him, aad then made tracks. But you gets on precious slow with your physio; liquor np the lotion, old man. I pays tbii g», yau know." Gulping dowa ths remainder of his own brandy, the fellew ordered a fresh brew, whilst f, unseen, poured the contents of my glass upon tke floor. Had I not been so intent on this manoeuvre I should havs detected a trick played upon me by tke ruffian tbat is the denuuemeatnigfa coat me my life. "Chieu If* aa oold as tbe .Arctichen to- ' sight, aaatey, bnt this stuff etowe 1 in tbe hold will keep our crafts ia order. Why tfcn deuca ] don't you drink t " " I cannot stand it as you aaitor chspa man age to," I exclaimed, taking a atrall portico of the hot liquar, maoh against my will, but 1 did not wish to excite the fallow's *uM'icii>na. I had no sooner, however, swallowed the tiery potioa than a shiver of alarm passed through me! 1 in vain fought against a snides faiul ieeliag, then tho bar aad its occupaht6 teemed to swim leuu'd *ud round ; a base, a aentidarkuess falling •neverylhiDg.thure was a humming noise in my ears. Thea tolluwed teltl darkness. Upon returning to couaciauaneas tbe whole scene was changed,and 1 lay for a fan mameata a6 one in a tranco. 1 was, 1 fonud, cxleuried at full length upon a couch, a blight light shoan ia my Walf-cloaed eyes, whilst tbe low bum of voicas sounded ia ay »ua. Stiit as the death tbat 1 fcK Bu^lit be hovtring near me 1 BOW lay, waitUg [De complete letum of n\y balf-dazcd eaues. That I had been drugged 1 was acsuree^ uaa to tbe small portion of the liquor I hsa swallowed I alone owed my quick return to consoipusaess. Coolly, ealmty, at I began tw recover (ram the drugged brandy, * Solved my positionone of utmost peril. Aompt action and daring atone could save me. With bated breath aud half-olceed eyes, I glanced around me, Lying partly,as doubtless I bad been thrown, upon my aide, I was enabled to gather in tho sceae before mo. At a table, bsside a biasing sea-coal fire, sat two men. Ose, with an inward anathema, I recognised as tbe coloured seaman; the other was aa old man whose face aad general bearing were aot in accordanoe with the soene and sooiety of tbe place. An earaest converse, of which I drank in every word, was being carried on between the two. " tt ain't no use, Atkins! You don't rua from the ship aow, not if I kaow it! 1 have beea aware of yeur cussed coirardica aad feara for montba past, but you doa't get out of my hands, eld man I Foul or fair weather I mean to make you stick to the craft 1 Tour babyfaced daughter Nance, too, if sbe don't agree to be switched to me—aad she might have a worse mate—One-eyed Bob Bootle for instance—I'll hang you fitst, and play such a game witb her tbat she'll rue Ibe day she refused me; aBd now, you undrrstaud, she goes aboard tbe Witch to-night with that other bit of piuk-and< white 1 We sail with th6 ebb. Tbat cove there, the clever Londau 'toe—whom I knew when 1 Urst sighted him prowling outside—goes with us, and when we get well out, why, a bit of iron ballaat to his feet, and a drop over tke side, will casure him a batb and a bed too I go muoh for bim 1" A eoarse, low laugh here escaped from tbe calloua ruffian, wha, to my joy and intense relief, now rose and quitted tbe room, evidently under the impression that bit horrible drug would keep me senseless for such time as his fell purpose required. Softly pressing my left hand agaiait my breast, I discovered to my delight tbat my trusty reveller had not been removed. Time for immediate action, then, bad now arrived. Collecting all my esergier, and booing up my asrvei for a dread encounter, I now did off the couok, mad in a second af time was atandiag, revolver in band, orer tbe cowering figure ef tbe old man, who, staoag upon me aae aa though I were a ghost from tbe grava, mumbled a lew unintelligible wards and aank kneeling at my feet; about to start to the door a deadly faintaess again adzed npon me, aBtbe fearful seasatioaa 1 had eadured asms time before now oppresUBB me. Leasing upon the table, a large eup of dark stetming liquid met my dazed eyes, Fain^ nek uate death, my throat ia a flame, my mouth aa a furnace, [tremblingly and involuntarily seized upsa the cup ; in that dread moment I detected the rich, fragrant aroma of strong tea, It needed not tbe array upon the table to inform ma the evening meal of the old man was just conoluded. With a gasp I placed tbe cop to my lips, unsweetened—the pure tea alone, atroag by haviag stood in the urn beside it. Haver in my life bad I quaffed so precious a draught 1 In a few aeoands my bead was clear, my lenses fully restored. btuiag and numbliag sentences af terror and surprise, the old man beeded me not, and, cocking the revolver for immediate use, I made for the door. A low, guttural laugh now fell upon my ear*. There, standing within the entrance of the chamber, tbe deor thrown back upeu tbe hinges, stood tke murderous darkey whilst behind bim upon a level with his shoulders I netcd the evil cenntenance ef the fellow with the one eye ! Ia a second of time I teok in the position of affairs aad unhesitatingly fired two ahots in rapid succession, and tbea, darting forward, f nearly stumbled over the body of tbe sailor, whe, at my brat fire, had fallen doubled op all ef a heap, a cry ef pain and futy escaping the lips of tbe ether ruffian who bad toned and fled. Dashing wildly through the dsorway, ngne now free to me, I rushed madly alwg a dark passage, gained a eecoud chamber, which was uuoooupied, and in a moment after was uut in the street from a Bide doer. Staring wildly round, I was amazad at beholdiag a posse of police that bad surrounded tbe honse. Clinging to ths arm of an officer leading this force, I discovered the shrinking figure of the poer girl who bad waned me of daager ere I had eatered tbe ian. All was then explained, aad it appeared that, risking all danger that might f%II upea her-wretched parent from the banda of the man Ecipio aad his fall companions, tbe brave girl had saade the police the nearest station acquainted witb my perilsaa position. Upon Searching the bouse the villain Scipie was discovered doubled up in the doorway af a ack room as I had loft him, stone dead, with a bullctrhele iu hie forehead. The wretched accomplice ef tbe dead man, he parent of tbe unhappy girl, was extended lifeless by the table, title hrelight flickering fitfully and weirdly upon tbe waxen, rigid featuies 1 Terror and wild horror had caused bis death. The man Bob Baotle, oaptain of a barque called the Witch, was duly captured,, being eventually tiausportedXor life. Upon tbe vessel being searched, tbe poor girl Amy Arlingford, who bad eo strangely disappeared, was discovered imprisoned in the cabia. No trace was ever gained of the other uafortvuates, but, as no more of those mystic abdnctions took place, tbare'was, alas 1 no doubt aa te thpir fate, and tbat to tbe villain Bcipio and his confederates all tbe. strange disappearanoes bad bean due. Tbe diBoovery I had made had saved the peor girl Nancy Atkins and Hiss Arliogford from a fate far worse than death. For myself, it was many weeks before I recovered from the effects of that dreadful adventure at the Jolly Reefers, where I bad been saved by a eup of tea and had unravelled a Liverpool Mystery. 