A SUBSTAIM GHOST. (By Ernest Favenc.) C~ — S WON'T have it,' eaid the S | / shepherd. It was in' the / I 9 '- old days of shepherds and jgr.- -rrr-?\ #* ration - carriers, before Jo§S£c|s| r= wire fences stretched their tfwSI^J ? f* webs' ever the country. feXiTvUr S 'Won't have -what?' OfTO.^xS^1'* said the ration-caiTier vSfaM^S^v sulkily as he dismounted ' ^4/™^, rations for the brigalow ' Vaskv^ **ut ^^ to ^ brought on W ^ r^fex horseback, as tt'ere -was a \ «WK^S. particularly piece of rough ¥ M/^^Sw country to cross, and the 1 *f ^^ usual ration cart was liable I to, be knocked about a bit if it ventured on the track. ^erefore the shepherd who lived and worked at tie brigalow hut had his rations brought to him on horseback, and as it was generally late before the hut was reached, the ration-carrier always stepped Hbe night. On this occasion Ned Byrne, the man with the isaione, muttered sulkily to himself as he undid (be pack and unsaddled, something ab: ui having to slop with a loony all night for Doiistaa. ihs then sbepherd was notorious for being just about ten times as cranky as moist ahepher-ls put to gether. 'What is it you won't hive?' he asked testily alter the horses had been hobWed, rations post away, and he had picked a flreetick out of the fire and lit his pipe with it. Donstan had been putting the tea things on the table, a loin of mutton was sizzling in the camp oven, and a comfortable-looking curram Ca.m\jev reposed an the table; and Ned Byrne thought it \roorld noit be such an uncomfortable camp after all. Donstan stood by the rude table a sbeath-knife in his hand, tapping the table with it as he spoke. He was a shout, sturdy man, with a white beard, well-trimmed for a efhepherd of those Says, and looked what he really was, a broken-down gentle man witti a story, btct in the opinion of the stattan folks he was simply an extra shingle shorter than tUe rest of the shepherds. It may be noticed all tie shepheis startjoned at the brigalow hut were addicted to. mania more or less. Donstan stood there tapping the knife on the ta ? ble in a nervous manner. 'Wihat is it I won't have?' lie repeated. 'Well, I won't have that white-faced Chinaman with the Icie in his forehead corning out of thai brigalow scrub every night, and knocking at the door.' Byrne looked ait him in amazement, and began i» wish he had not turned his horses out. A ride some in the dark would be nothing out of the ray, but this vas too much altogether out of the way. Doraatan went on quite quietly. 'There is no particular reason why he should take such trouble to com© and knock at my door. I did not make *he hole in his forehead.' 'No, I don't suppose you did,' said Ned, to break the uncomfortable silence that ensued after this statement. Donstan laughed uneasily, and put down the knife, much to Ned's relief. 'I've been talking nonsense?' Be asked. 'Not at all,' replied Byrne, anxious to please him. 'Very dry weather, as you were saying.' Donstan took the lid off the camp oven and lift ed out the loin of mutton, and finished the other preparations for the meal. He now seemed to have become quite himself again, and invited Ned to commence in quite a different manner. Ned, much relieved, sat down and began to play a very good knife and fork, inwardly hoping that Donstan would not have any more uncomfortable fits of the sort. Nor did he, and they turned into their tvro bunks at the proper time, having passed quite a cheerful evening. Ned was awakened in the middle of the night by his companion talking. He listened, and distinct ly heard what sounded like three loud knocks at the door. Donstan got out or Ded, and Byrne, uncertain what was going to happen, get out as well. The shepherd, muttering to himself, opened the door, and made a headlong rush out side, striking at something with a weapon he had in his hand, and which Byrne saw, to hie dismay, was a sword. It was moonlight, but the ration carrier could see no one there, and the lunatic was apparently striking wildly at nothing. Pres ently hfrcame back, still talking; and -Ned prudent ly drew back. : 'You saw him, the wretch, didn't you?' he de manded of Ned when he had -shut the door again. Byrne was just going to reply 'No,' when he ??mcjuueicu imvuie Irtitsil LIUU T.na.1 One EIlOUiQ al ivays humor a mad person, so he answered: 'O, yes, quite distinctly. You cut him about terribly! I don't ftink he'll trouble you again.' 'It was the Chinaman with the hole in his fore head. You saw him?' 'Tea, an ugly wretch he was; like Ms impudence knocking at a man's door as though the whole place belonged to him.' Nsd got under his blanket again, but assuredly aid not sleep, keeping a wary eye upon Donstan, who, however, appeared to sleep calmly, until daylight; then he got up, and let the sheep out of the yard, while Byrne went for his 'horses, not sorry to find himself alive. At breakfast, Dons tan did not betray any symptoms of mania, and as Ned rode home, he reflected whether, alter all, Donstan had not been playing a joke to fright en him. 'But where did the knocking come from? -md that thought made him pull up and K-'bder. It had cw^.iniy been wi+bcut any doubt that the knocking ca-.nc from outside, and not from inside, Ned's bushmanship was too keen to admit any doubt o*i that subject; so he rode m with tue burden of unexplained mystery on his shoulders. Arrived at the station, a bright idea struck him. Instead of talking about the thing in the men's hut, he would go and confide in the super. Sin clair was a youngish man, but he had won all their hearts by the accurate knowledge he had displayed of station matters, and, moreover, by the sunniest of tempers, and the most even dis position, that made him laugh under the most de pressing conditions, and keep other people's spi rits up. When Ned told him his tale, Sinclair's face grew grave, and he remarked, 'Don't say any thing to any one on the station, or we will have 6ome fool going out, and driving the man rank crazy, by playing foolish jokes. 'He's the best shepherd we've had out at the brigalow hut for a long time, and has lost less shes^. Keep your tongue between your teeth, and I'll try and find this puzzle out-' One night, when the moon was at the full, shortly after Byrne's experience at the brigalow hut, Sinclair called him, and told him to get a couple of horses, and come with lijm to the shep herd's hut. Ned did not mind -when in company, and, besides that, was anxious to find some clue to the mystery of the knocks, s»- he readily rode out that night. Arrived at the neighborhood of the hut, they tied the horses to trees, and ap proached it on foot. All seemed silent, th~ cheep were in the yard sleeping quietly, and the accus tomed smell of the yard was rising strong. Sin clair thought as he looked that the scene was one of perfect peace and quiet, and apart from: all ghostly associations; suddenly, Ned touched his ana. From the shadow of the brigalow scrub, from which the hut took its name, a white form was stealing. Both men saw it plainly. It -was a Chinaman in white garments, and: be stole up to iie hut, and gave the three ghostly knocks that Byrne remembered so well. What followed? The door opened, Donstan is sued, and commenced the wild attack with thfi sword that Ned had witnessed before. But this time, it ended differently. Donstan, in his ttad fury, fell over a stump, and lay senseless, the figure of the Chinaman disappeared. Sin clair hurried forward, and Byrne, awakening from his stupor of fright, followed him. Donstan was Lisensible. He did not appear to have hurt him self seriously, but he had received a mental shock of some sort 'that had rendered Mm a babbling idiot for a time. 'Sinclair had him conveyed to tiie station, and sent a hard-headed Scotchman to take his place. . . . ? ? Donstan, on bis recovery to«MBCi6asness, wbich tonk place the day afterwards, confided to Sin clair a story which, 4o some extent, explained the mystery of the brigalow hut. 'We had been repulsed from the Peii Ho Forts in China, and a Chinese merchant, who -was a bit of a traitor, came -on board,. and suggested that he could show a way of landing, by which &e; forts could be taken in Sie rear. A party o£ us were sent to investigate the matter, and I, a middy at the timer'-WEs taken %y the Chinese, ana kept Prisoner until $he end of the war. Brea then, I would -have been faepj hidden, unless 1 joined one ot their secret societies, and took aU the oaths. I consented, and Joined. I don't know to this day what was their reason for making me do this, biit I have cause to think they mistook me for another officer, against whom they had a bad sradge. When I got back again amongst my own people,! forgot most of their mummery, and oil- cue occasion fcaa to give evidence aga3&£fesao8§- pirates ws had captured, who -were jfluly. hangeaW This was expressly against the oath t had taken, ?? these pirates being members of the society I had been forced to Join. Froin that jflay tut, Iny life has been a torture to me. ' I 'had to leave the' navy on account of what was thought to be my eccentric conduct, and this has do:rs'ed me ever si::ce, and dragged me down to vrhai I am now. I suppose I have been quite crazy at times, and it was, I believe, in one of these mad fits that it is asserted that I attacked - a ^ Chinaman on a small goldfield, and killed him with a driving pick. I do not believe that I aia it. The man was killed in a quarrel with his own countryman, but owing to my total lapse of memory for a time, I could not prove where I had been. I escaped, however, with a short detention in an asylum. Since then this Chinaman with the hole in his forehead has persistently haunted me.' 'Ned,' said Sinclair, after he had heard the story, 'Iiet us go out and see how Mac. is getting on.' It was evening when they reached the brigalow, and Mac. was just putting- the hurdles up. 'The very man I wanted to see, Mr. Sinclair. Just come withTme.' They followed him. into the hut, and there found a Chinaman securely tied up with straps and a dog chain. 'I could not go in to tell ye of it, but this hea then came, and woke me up knocking at the door last night. When I opened it he gave a kind of shriek, but before he could run I had him by the windpipe, and when I had wellnigh choked him I tied him as you see. I couldn't leave the eheep to go in, and I 'thought I'd keep him so till Ned came. He's one of those bodies from the old dig gings, and can speak English as well as possible, but he won't say a word. Wake up, John!' and Mae. gave the sullen man a good kick, but he only grunted in return. 'So that's the ghost!' said Sinclair, and told Mac. how poor mad Donstan had been tormented. 'How did he slip away the night I was here?' said Ned. 'Oh, just dodged aside and let the lunatic go hacking away at a spectre of his own fancy. But it must be a wonderful society to T)e able to pass this game on from one to another. However, we'll make my gentleman trot into the station, and Donstan shall decide what to do with him.' The effect was magical, and eventually Donstaa, convinced of his illusion, regained his mental health. As they could not well prosecute the Chinaman for merely knocking at a door, he had to be let go with a caution, enforced with a stock whip. 