Diocese of PortpLugusta. A conference of the clergy of the Diocese of Fort Augusta, under the presidancy of the Right Rev. Dr Maher, the Bishop, was held at St. Anadetus' Presbytery, Petersburg, on Tuesday afternoon, the 29thult. m Tho " business was B a - practioal discussion - 1,1 pt ' the desreos of the s Plenary Councils of Sydney, of 1885 and 1895. On Wednesday morning, 30th ult., the Bishop and clergy re-assembled at 9.30 at the Presbytery, and, preceded by the altar attendants, went in .processors to St. Anaolatus' Church. On the way the hymn "Veni Creator fcpiritus" was sung, followed by the chanting of Psalms 80, 83 and 86. The Bishop was then vested in the pontifical eepe and mitre and other vestments proper to assist at the High Mass corioua episeopo. The deacons at the throne were the very Rev. B> and -the Rev. A. Parsch, S.J., {Georgetown)- and Ravi O'Connor {Port Pirie) were the deaoon ^and .sub-deacon, respectively. The Rev. 0Y Q'Mahony (P»rt Augusta) . was the master of the ceremonies. The choir of the Church, with Miss Brady aa organist and Mr A. Malycha as director, sang Bordeae'e "Messe Solennelle" in _ a very devotional end pleaeinsc manner. Minn Brady and Miss Gillespie interpreted the ptincipu solo portions of-tho Mass. : , At the conclusion of the High Mass—at which, from the beginning of the day's ceremonies, a very large eongrejjation of the faithful devoutly assisted—the BiBhop intoned the antiphon Exaudi, -which' was followed by the chanting of the 6Stfo Psalm, after, which some other prayers were solemnly recited by the Bkhop. The Litany of the Saints was then chanted by the Very Rev. J. H. Nertoo, V.G. and the Rev. A. Parsch, S.J., the Bishop and clergy being prostrate on bended knees before the altar, the faithful being in like attitude in their plaoes. The Litany ended, the gospel from St. Luke ix, was solemnly sung by.the deacon Rev. A. Parsch, S.J., after which the Bishop, kneeling before the altar intoned the hymn "Veni Creator Spiritus which was taken up by all the clergy and sung throughout, imploring the Holy Ghost to bless and guide the deliberations of the Synod. The special business of Synod then began, and was "jconcluded with tha episcopal-blessing in time to allow the .clergy to return to their respective - missions in the afternoon- , Besides the>Mv. clergy already namsd the following al5o. took part in the Conference and Synod, viz., the Revs. C. Haondl; S.J., A. listen. S.J. (Burra), E. A. Muleahy (Hawker), W. Dbyle(PertPirie), P. CaiTolltPekina), Jind M.I Ward (Pfiterebtnrg). It should be mentioned £hat the decorations of the altar and sanctuary, and the Bishop's throne were very tastefully executed by the good Sisters of St. Joseph and reflects great credit on them. 