UNIMPROVED CAPITAL VALUE LAND TAX. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. I Sirs-I thought that with the regrettable retirement from public life of the late Attorney-General some slight compensa- tion for the lowered intellectual Parliamentary life caused thereby would be the disappearance at once and for ever of the interminable and hopeless crusade for a tax upon the unimproved capital value of land. But it seems that the ghost of the late agitation still lingers, and enters into the souls of men who yet think the movement is fuller of present life than the late Julius Caesar. As one who, beguiled in past years into the belief that such a tax would be just, wise, and practicable, but has long repeated, the reasons which induced me to become a convert from my original views may be of interest to some who have not yet made up their minds upon the subject. 1\. It is asserted that "land as land," and irrespective of improvements, has been increased in value (priceless) by the general exertions of the community, and (6) by the construction of public works and that such an increase constitutes an " unearned increment." It is claimed, therefore, that land, irrespective of improvements, should he specially taxed in return for unbought gifts to its holders. This I grant, were it possible justly to impose such an impost. But can we do this with justice to the "innocent holder of the land at the present time 'a Free sale and transfer, and the recognition of land, rightly or wrongly, as a mere commodity, has in practice, if not in theory, been the law for generations. The " unearned increment " has, during a succession of sales, been divided between scores of purchasers, who cannot now be reached. The man who paid a full price for land yesterday paid for the land, and also for the unearned increment, which had been capitalised by his predecessors. Why should there he a special tax upon him any more than upon the man who puts his money into any other adventure ? To tax the land you must tax the innocent holder. 2\. The unearned increment" is not, us some suppose, at all peculiar to land. Business and professional men, Civil servants, and other classes, all gain by the general progress and prosperity of the community, and often to a greater extent than landholders. Men who inherit money, or are pushed on by social influence, or obtain lucrative professions owing to education by relatives, all of these, as compared with the man at the bottom of the social tree, have " unearned increments." Why should they be exempt, while the landowner alone pays " ransom ?" 3\. Taxation upon land as land must fall with special severity upon the agricultural class. The business or professional man in the town who makes, Bay, from £200 to £1,000 a year, does not need much "land as land " in proportion to the whole of his capital. In the case of the farmer or pastoralist, the larger part of his capital ies in the unimproved value of land. The tax would, therefore, become a class 'tax. 4\. The tax upon unimproved capital value is intended, I presume, partly to compel cultivation of agricultural areas now used for pasturage only, and to force J the utilisation of unused lands in cities and other places. Such a tax, to be effectual, would need to be heavy, and, in reality, crushing to the agricultural classes. In the cities of the United States of America the "assessments" (taxes) do have this effect, but they reach as high as 4, in the. There are other and better methods of dealing with land monopoly. One is the direct New Zealand method of repurchasing land and re-selling the same under special conditions. There is another way, also, of treating people who. allow capital, whether in land, bank, or elsewhere, to lie dormant or in inglorious security, earning 2 per cent., and that is to tax wealth wherever found and irrespective of what use its owner makes of it. It is nothing to the State whether the capitalist makes 1 or 20 per cent. In both cases there have been equal opportunities let them pay alike. We want but two classes of taxation a wealth tax, to touch those who accumu- late and Customs duties, to levy a toll -Yours, etc., upon those who spend. WILLIAM CROOKE. Sandy Bay, March 21. 