The 'Red Mass.' It is with pleasure that we refer to bhe celebration, on the oocasion of tho opening of the legal year of the Votive Mass of the Holy Ghost, bettor known, perhaps, as tho ' Red Maes ' (says the ' London Register,' writing on tho evo of the ovenb). This anoienb and edifying cusbom was revived nine yoars ngo, and in each succeeding year, ab bho quaint old Church of SS. Anaelm and Cecilia in Sardinia-atreot, Lincoln'sInn Fields, bho abtondunco of members of bobh branches of tho legal profession has shown a maborial inoroiuio. To bho unbiring efforts of Mr. Lister Drummond of tho Inner Templo tho success ib mainly duo. In tho firsb yoar tho numbor of barristers who attendod was vory small, and only very fow of that number wore in ' robos. Tho evonb, however, was widely noticed by bho press, wibh bho result that throe years ago—or fully six yoara nfter tho revival of bho custom by the Catholic members of tho profosBion— a similar seryioo was hold for the first time in Westminster Abboy. That, too, has now boaomo an annual evonb. Those who woro present last yoar at tho ' Rod MaBB ' will remember tho improssivo sight. Lord Russell of Killowon, Mr. Jusbioo Mathew, and Mr. Jusbioo Day woro in bhoir full robes, and bho oooaaion was also honourod by tho prononco of Cardinal Vaughan. Tho aanobuary ond of tho ohuruh was filled by barrisbora in bhoir robes, and by solicitors, whilst tho gallorioa and lowor end of tho church woro hardly largo onough bo accommodate tho gonorul public. In fact, laHb yoar's attendance* waa a maborial advanoo on that of bho prouuding yoar, whon Mr. Juabioo Mathow was tho only judge of tho High Court prosonb, and ho whh not robod. Wo understand that bho Mann will bo oolobratod on Tuoaday next at 10. HO a.m., in tho prononoo of Cardinal Vaughan, and that bho Lord Ohiof Justice hao aignifiod hia inbunbion of being prowonb. It ia possible bhat noxb yoar, whon tho now Cathedral Ib finished, tho Mans will bo oolobratod at Woabminiatoi'. In Parin, no in well known, bho Sainbo Ghapollo ia bho hooiio of bhin intoroating function, bub, ua far aa wo aro uwaro, tho Oabholio momborfl of tho pro fession in Dublin havo nob marked, in this improBBivo way, tho opening of bho legal year. It iB bo be hoped bbab, seeing the s success that has attended bhe revival of bins ancienb custom in England, efforts will be made by bhe Irish Bar in the same direction. 