CIRCULAR NOTES, ; ? -y - Wonderful are the coincidences of history. The treatment accorded to Captain Dreyfus was exceedingly like that bestowed upon 'The man with the Iron Mask,' insofar as the imprisonment was concerned. It has had, however, stronger parallels in different respects in a case which also occurred in the French arrav last century, General de Saint- Aubin, Director of Arsenals, was suspected of profiting by conniving at the frauds of contrac tors and inspectors. He haughtily protested, and denounced one of his colleagues, Colonel the Corapte de Bellegarde (who was suspected of exposing the matter), as a traitor to his country and King. Bellegarde was arrested, tried with closed doors, and sentenced to 20 years' imprisonment. The gang of titled pilferers were for a while triumphant, but the wife of Bellegarde, like the wife of Dreyfus, worked hard to secure her husband's release,' and established his innocence. Like Madame Dreyfus, too, her maiden name was Lucie. Friends inte rested themselves, and after a four years' struggle — the same period as in the Dreyfus case — Queen Marie Antoinette brought about the removal of the Minister for War, and an inquiry into the case fol lowed. This resulted in the triumphant acquittal of Bellegarde, and his restoration to the army. Such a case ought to have been remembered in the French army, but it appears to have been forgotten, or perhaps some of the men who were prosecuting Dreyfus were so deeply involved in the sale of State secrets that they had to go on with the pro secution to save themselves. Time will show, Truth is mighty, and usually prevals in the end. THE LATE COUNTESS ELIZABETH WOLFF-METTERNICH. ... i Federation led to the marriage of Mr. Glynn, M.P., of South Australia, and it seems also to have caught Sir John Downer, the leader of the Oppo sition in the same colony, in the same way. It is asserted that while he was upon a visit to Mr. Edmund Barfcon, M.P,, in Sydney recently, he met Miss Una Russell, the eldest daughter of our Government Astronomer. An engagement resulted, and the wedding will shortly take place. This is the right kind of Federation, and if we have many more of these intercolonial marriages we may not need a Federal Constitution at all. Sir John Downer is 55, and his fiancee about 22. The intended bridegroom does not seem likely to become Premier of South Australia for sume time, but he is a man of ability, nevertheless, and as he is going to stand for the Federal Parliament, he make take a promi nent position there. ooo Do we ever stop to calculate the enormoua sums of money that' are lost upon the turf in a single year? It is stated by the Home Magazine to amount to fifty million pounds. Of this £10,000,000 are said to be lost upon English racecourses, and no less than £24,000,000 at Australian race meetings. We should have thought the figures should have been reversed, but there they are. The balance of £16,000,000 is distributed between France and the United States. We knew we were badly smitten with the horseracing mania, but never imagined that we were foolish enough to squander £24,000,000 a year upon it. We fear that this portion of the story will have to be revised. The 50,000,000 sovereigns thus lost and won would cover a race course 26G9 yards long (the length of the English Derby track) and 11 yards wide. What a stampede there would be to Rand wick if all this money were laid on that course ! The rush to the Melbourne Cup would be nothing to it. The mysterious stone-throwing nuisance is now in full blast at Wellington, New South Wales, and up to last week they had not found the perpe trators. A similar case out Newtown way resulted in the discovery of a girl at the ghostly work. In San^ Rafael, California, a Presbyterian church was subjected to a fusilade of stones. A little boy named Sandy Lewis was arrested. He denied ail knowledge of the matter, but a fierce-looking con stable, with buck teeth, entered the cell with him, and talked of ghosts in a fearsome way. The boy got scared, and then owned up that he and another lad named Garcia had done the trick. Thus another ghost was laid. The people of Hammersmith, near London, would be glad to say the same of a mys terious visitant to the Holy Trinity Church there. He takes the form of a cowled monk in a Domini can dress, and is said to have been seen by many people during the past two years. The Rev. Fathers White and Graut and a girl saw him once glide across the hall of the presbytery out of a Bitting roora, and then go into the church by way of a pas sage. Upon another occasion he was heard playing the organ. It would be wise, however, to take these statements cum gran o sails, because a long experience of English newspapers has convinced us that where Catholic affairs are concerned they are somewhat unreliable. ooo Duelling is a degrading and savage exhibition for men, and much more so for females. The women of France, however, have ever been a power in the State, and have often taken an active part in war. Last century they frequently fought eac^ other with rapiers. It is not surprising, therefore, to hear that they are agt-in resorting to the code duello for the settlement of disputes. Early in June last a. duel was fought on a vacant plot of ground in the Rue d'Alesta, in the Quartier Mont« souris. The combatants were Mademoiselle Juliette Volant and Mademoiselle Jeanne Leroy, both of them members of highly-respectable families. Of course, the quarrel was over a young mane, cne Ernest de Linde. The latter took Jeanne Leroy to a fashionable restaurant, where they were seen by Juliette, who sought out Jeanne later on, and slapped her in the face. 'I will fight you to the death for this,' exclaimmed Jeanne. ' Very well,' said Juliette ; ' that is just what I wanted.'j So they procured long swords, and had them shar pened 'at the end. Then they met in the locality indicated. In the combat both went for the face, and each received cuts there. Jeanne was also ?wounded in the breast and ear, and was carried out oTthe combat shrieking. Then Juliette observed, ' I know that Jeanne Leroy is a good woman, but she only got what she deserved. She took away my fancee, and had to suffer for it. Why should we women not have the right to defend our honour with the sword r' Who says that France is a played-out nation after such a display as that ? If her men should be shot down, her women will pro bably take their places on the battlefield, and strike as heroically as did Joan of Arc and Charlotte Corday, ooo Cynical people may be inclined to observe that if a mouse had been let loose between Juliette and Jeane, during their combat, they would have both dropped their swords and run off the field. It is not safe to make such ramdom predictions nowadays, for an American woman, named Mrs. Edith King man Poyer, of Illinois, has a mouse farm where she raises rodents of many colours and varieties. She has also sent them to Live Stock Shows, and won prizes there with her pets. Now she is forming a club to educate women to a better understanding of the mouse and rat. Mrs. Poyer is possessed of wealth, and iB thus enabled to indulge her fancy to the. utmost. She has imported mice from Egypt, Japan, Europe, and all parts of America, and they are said to perform Bome amazing feats in the danoing line, a? well as to climb up on her lap and go into her hands. The Spring mice— named after the discoverer — are said to be the nobles of the race, and the Americans the plebeians. When women not only engage in duels, but conquer their aversion to mice, the domination of man must be nearing its end. ooo A few years ago a Scotchman named Carnegie started an iron foundry at Homestead, Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, U.S.A. The establishment was worked upon small lines at first, but ultimately it grew to such enormous dimensions that Mr. , Carnegie was enabled to sell out for forty million pounds. He is the one great millionaire in the United States who has made his fortune by indus try ; all the rest have gained their enormous wealth by speculation in railways, kerosene, pork, wheat, mines, etc. In addition to being a manufacturer, Mr. Carnegie is also an author, and his famous book, ?? Triumphant Democracy,' will be remem bered as one that gave the freetrade system some hard knocks. The last big contract obtained by Carnegie's works was for 180,000 tons of rails the Russian Trans-Siberian railway. ; ' 