iiisIIOP COIIutIirs VISIT TO cc MORIWELL. of \-- to On Sunday last Dr Corbett, Bishop hi of Sale, visited the Sacred Heart In Church, Morwell, for tie purpose of of administering confirmation, when there l1 was a very large attendance to witness tl he ceremony. The Bishop at the out- t set stated there were seven sacraments, tr viz., Baptism, Confirmation, Eucharist, 10 Penance, Extreme Unction, Holy 3rders, and Matrimony. For thirty ni years the Lord hid lived a retired life 8' on earth, after which he devoted three p1 yeats to his public ministry, during eC vhich time he instructed the Apostles, tc and preached one doctrin., one faith, tr one Lord, and one true Church-the a Roman Catholic Church. Christ said ' to Peter : "Thou art Peter, and upon tl this rock I will build My church ; and a I will give to thee the keys of the J" Kingdom of Heaven." Chriit had said t " My church," not " My churches." 'I He committed to St. Peter, and to his 01 lawful successors, the care of His flock to and His Church, and said, " I will be lt with you always, even to the end of the world." Ie would be with them P at all times The present Pope Leo. ' XIII. succeeded St. Peter, who was P chief of the Apostles, whilst the suc cessors of the other Apostles were the Bishops of the Holy Catholic Church ; and Christ had promised " that the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." The true Church, besides having the true faith, had the communion of saints and the forgiveness of sins ; the latter power Christ left to the pastors of His Church. The power was given only to the Apostles and their lawful successors of the one true Church. He once heard a man say lie was a Protes tadt and a Catholic, but such a thing was impossible. It was just the same as saying two and two makes four, and 2 two and two made five, and they should put away any such notion. Those about to be confirmed had entered the door by being bapt'sed, for without baptism they could not enter the Kingdom of God. Baptism cleanses 3 from original sin, and made them children of God and heirs to the Kingdom of Heaven. The sacrament he was about to administer would make them christians, and they would receive the gift of the Holy Ghost, viz., wisdom, understanding, counsel, fortitude, knowledge, piety, and the fear of the Lord. Under no circumstance what ever could they be confirmed more than once. There were three sacra ments that it would be absolutely im possible for them to receine more than unce, namely, BUptism, Confirmation, and Holy Orders, because they imprint on the soul a character or spiritual mark that can never be effaced. The other sacraments could be received more titan once. It was right to s receive more than once the Blessed Eucharist (going to communion), and the sacrament of Penance (forgiveness of sins committed after baptism), and Extreme Unction (grace to die well, anl comfort of dying persons). The sacrament of matrimony c( 'd also be received more than once. If the hus band was dead the wife could marry again, or if the wife were dead the hus band could marry again, but the bond could by no means whatever be broken except by death,. It was a disgrace that the law of the land permitted such a thing as divorce, which permitted a justice to grant a decree, whereby a man or woman who had been united in the holy bonds of wedlock could marry again whilst both were living. He would ask any respectable woman what she thought of a divorced woman who married again. It was nothing more or less than living in open adultery, and the woman who did so was nothing better than a common - who walked the streets, and a man who married again was no better than the woman. What God had joined together no man could put asunder. Not even the Pope himself. The single reason why the Church of England separated from the Holy Catholic Church, was beca'ise the Pope refused to grant Henry VIII. adivorce from his wife. The King on that account left the church and divorced himself. The Bishop also mentioned that prosecutions had taken place in consequence of the Pope refusing to comply with the request of the great Napoleon to divorce his brother, who had married a Irotestant. After this Iis Reverence adminis tered the sacrament of confirmation to 17 boys and rg girls (most of the latter being dressed like brides), by making a sign of the cross on their foreheads with chrism, and offerin; up a prayer that the Holy Ghost might descend upon them. After the ceremony the Bishop stated it was necessary for those who had been confirmed to take the temper ance pledge, and they repeated the oath " that they would abstain, with divine assistance from all intoxicating liquors till they reached at least 2 years." The Bishop said if they kept the pledge faithfully till they were 2 1, it was pretty certain they would be temperate all thrir lives. 'They had also certain duties to observe, the first being to God, who was their first Father ind created them out of nothing. In the morning they were to say their prayers, and not rush out of their room like a dog. The plea of no time was ni excuse, for all could find at least five minutes to say their prayers. The next duty was to their parents The fourtl comimandtlment wtas " honor thy faither rnd thy mother, tlhat thy days mrsy ie long upon thie land whichl the Lord thy God giethli thee," and the only comnarrlrrdment tlhat contained a promisea. They were not only to love, hontoru and oley their parents whlilsot they were young, but also when tlhey ware grown up, ird haid, pecrliapa, grjy Ilhir. TTliry shonltld tlen thinrk of thir time wl n t whl tey· rey helpless, and were cared for hy thleir p enti. They were to avoid tId conplhions andl tihose who dlid evil, attd re not to real bad books which were\th worst cor Stianionsof all. It t the duty of a parents to see that tr ..errret1, | only goodl books, an\ - , I should contain books - 'p\ He ventured to say that out of 200 or 300 who often attended mass only a a vry few committed to memory what they heard, and the majority if asked a few days after what the sermon was about, would reply " Blest if I remenm her a word of it." If, however, the pastor was to mention a dozen words about the debt on the church, presby tery, or school, they would samy the sermon was all about money. It was their duty to support the Catholic School, and those who did not send their children to the school, when one was in the district, were doing all they could to undermine it. The religion of a man who said he could not afford to support the school, was simply in his pocket, and he compared himn to a miser who once appeared before a court of justice, and was described by a lawyer as being so mean that if a threepenny piece was rubbed against the bars of a steel mouse-trap tand the trap put to his mouth, .his soul would be caught. They wore to live in peace and har omony one with another, and do all the good they could. If they madeo a promise to a non-catholic it was equally as binding as if it were made to It catholic. They were at all times to speak the truth. A lie was a detestable thing ald a liar could never be trusted. If by telling a lie they could empty hell and purgatory, and till heaven, they would not be jnstified in doing so. In conclusion the Bishop stated it was his duty to speak plainly to them, for in the event of a soul being lost through his neglect to speak out, his own soul would be lost also. In the evening the Bishop also preached ma very interesting sermon to a large congregmation, dlwelling princi pally on the devotions to the Blessed Virgin. 