THE FEDERAL CAPITAL. YASS, Wednesay.--A public meeting was held in the Mechanics' Institute last night for the purpose of considering the desirability of Yass as a site for the federal city. The attendance was very large and representative. A number of resolutions were passed aflirming the suitability of the district as a model site, and an association was formed for the purpose of bringing the claims of Yass prominently before the proper authorities. The Mayor was elected president; Messrs. Griffin and Boety, treasurers; and Messrs. Ross and M'Auley, secre taries to the movement. Mr. Peacock, Chief Secretary of Victoria, inter viewed in Sydney on Wednesday, said with regard to the federal capital " that if the Federal Parliament controlled the selection there would not be the slightest ghost of a show of any other place but Ballarat being the federal capital. I have any amount of private information to confirm me in that opinion." " Where do you think the capital will be '" he was asked, and the reply was-" In the Cooma district, somewhere near Bombala, most likely. And for this reason-Victoria will support such a site, because she wants to open up her mag nificent Gippsland territory. Then also it would open up a lot of Crown lands in New South Wales. The railway from Bairnsdale could be continued to the border, and the Cooma line could be extended to meet it. Of course when I speak about the actual site of the capital I am merely giving my personal views." Bowral, Wednesday.-At a conference of the Mayors of Moss Vale, Bowral, and Mittagong it was resolved to call a public meeting at the Town Hall, Bowral, on Wednesday, March 1, for the purpose of considering the best means of advocating the claims of this district to the federal capital. The Daily Telegraph says :,-The objections to the bill are being made subsidiary now to the question of the capital. The variety of conflicting claims will, it is probable, mean larger Parliamentary support to the measure, because each district that considers its claims entitled to be regarded will see that its member doesn't wreck thle bill while the district itself has even a prospect of being selected for the political metropolis of the Federation. Immediately after the results of the Conferene were mode known Goulburn appeared to rank first in the political betting list. But the prominance that has been given to the Monaro district, and particularly to Bombala, has caused Goulburn to fallback. One advantage claimed in favour of Bombala is that it would be an alternative route between Sydney and Melbourne. Also that the extension from Bairns dale to the New South Wales border could be constructed on the 4ft. 8 1/2in. gauge, the standard gauge, and the gauge of New South Wales. What this means is that a station much nearer Melbourne would be made the changing junction on the inter colonial trains, and that, consequently, passengers leaving here in the evening would not have to change carriages until a much more reason- able hour of the morning than is the case on the Albury route. It is pointed out also that it would be much less dilfieoult as a temporary expedient, pending the adoption of a uniform gauge, to lay a third rail from Bairnsdale to Melbourne than from Albury to Melbourne. 