A VISITING MINISTER. The Hon. Joseph Cook, Minister for Agri- culture, accompanied by Mr. W. S. Campbell, one aZ tho officers of his department, arrived in Brisbane on Wednesday night by Sydney mail train. Both gentlemen, accompanied by the Hon. J. V. Chataway, left yesterday morning on a visit to the Tweed and Rich- mond River districts. Thoy are expected back in Brisbane early next we;k. . SUGAR CROP. .Mr. A. E. Eastick, of tho Yengarie * and Millaquin Sugar Company, who is now on a visit to Brisbane, speaks very favourably of the sugar prospects in the Bundaberg and adjacent districts. In the course of a brief conversation with a representative of the " Courier" yesterday, he expressed the opiuion that the crop would bo very littla below that of last year, which vas a record year. Asked how matters 3tood with regard j to the Maryborough district, he stated that efforts were being made to induce the farmers there to take up sugar-growing. He added that his company were prepared to put up a mill in the district If the farmers would . guarantee to produce sufficient cane to keep ] it going, but at present ho was doubtful whether the farmers would, as a whole, take up the matter. EXAMINATION OF TELEPHONE OPERATOR'S. The examination of candidates, glrl3 and j young women, for positions as switchboard attendants at the Te ephens Exchange ha3 been fixed to take place on Tuesday next, In the Leichhardt-Etreet State Sch.o'. Only thirteen attendants are requlred.bJt nofewer than 167 applications have been received, the ages of the applicants varying from 10 to 25 years. The regulations provide that the attendants when first admitted shall be emp oyed on probation for a period of three months with a weekly salary of 10s. At the end of that time 4he pay will be increased by 2s. 6d. per week for the succeeding three months, after which It will he raised to 15s. At the conclusion of the flrft year of service the pay will b3 20s., and after the second year and subsequently it will be raised to 25s. ANTI-CONVENTION BILL LEAGUE. A. public meeting will be held to-night at the Centennial Hall, under the auspices of the Anti-Convention Bill League, at -which addresses will be delivered on the financial, industrial, agricultural, and commentai clauses of the Convention Bill. .- The LWayor will preside. THE PROPOSED WiHtAiRIF'A'GiE 'EXTENSION. Upon being approached yesterday with re^ ference to the proposed extension of Captain Collin's wharf, Petrie's Bight, Mr. E. A. Cullen, nautical surveyor and assistant en. ginear to the Marine Board, stated that, in his opinion, the extension would in no way be a danger to navigation. The site of the proposed extension, Mr. Cullen pointed out, bears the same relation to the lower side of the point as the present Municipal Wharves do to the upper side. THE PORT OF BRISBANE. Yesterday must have been pretty well a record day for Brisbane so far as inward shipping was concerned. As will be seen from tthe list of arrivals appearing in the shipping columns, no fewer than ten ves- sels, of an aggregate of over 20,000 tons, arrived in the port. Of these, three were oversea vessels-the Devon, from (New York, the Miowera, 'bound from Sydney to Van- couver, and the Taiyuan, .bound from Sydney to Hongkong and Japan. The remainder, with the exception of the barquen'tine Co- quette, which has come up to enter the South Sea Island itrade, were regular trader». BRUSBAINIB .MUNICttPIAL 'COUMOIIL. IA meeting of the Brisbane Municipal Coun- cil will be held this afternoon. The ¡busi- ness on the paper includes reception of ten- ders for drain in Arcade-lane, reception and consideration of reports from Finance, Works, 'Legislative, and General Purposes Committees, and inotóonü pursuant to notice, wliich include one to the effect that an offer be made by the council to the Fire Brigade B'oard of a portion of the land at the rear of the Roma-^roet Market, fronting Allbert strcet, for the purpose of erecting thereon a fire brigade station. .HARMSTON'S CIRCUS, Harmston's large tent was agaln'wcll filled last evening, when tho long and brilliant pro- gramme was repeated». Every turn was fully appreciated by the audience, »nd was ap- plauded generously. Specially deserving of praise was the act in which the educated elephant played a part, and was cleverly directed by Charles Weatherly, Mrs. Harm ston-Love was also seen to great advantage In her act with Ali, the educated Arab stal- lion. Frank Harmston also made a brilliant showing in hi3 hurricane hurdle feat. This performer, together with Gilbert Eldred, fur- ther did some startling feats of horsemanship which pleased the audience exceedingly. Altogether, the show is a good one, and de- serves patronage. The management direct attention to the matinees, OFFICIAL RETURN OP STOCK. The following statement shows the num- ber of stock in the colony on the 1st January of this year. A few returns yet remain to be recorded, but the totals will not be very materially altered :-In the Southern divi- sion there were in January last 229,012 horses, 2,235,069 cattle, 7,201,371 sheep, and 102,724 pigs, as against 228,512 horses, 2,405,099 cattle, 7,559,023 sheep, and 87,810 pigs in 1897. There was thus in 1898 an In- crease In horses of 600, and in pigs of 11,911, and decreases in cattle of 109,430, and sheep of 297,652. In the Central district in 1898 there were 128,673 horses, 1,647,958 cattle, 8,358,011 sheep, and 10,017 pigs, which show- ed an increase over 1897 of 408 pigs, but de- creases of 3482 horses, 153,900 cattle, and 96,583 sheep. In the Northern district in January -last there were 120,252 horses, 1,031,981 cattle, 1,759,838 sheep, and 13,701 pigs, which showed increases of 1639 horses and 266 pigs, and decreases of 250,075 cattle and 24,828 shrep. Summarised, the ligures aro :-1898 : Increase, 15,587 pigs ; decrease, . 1343 horses, 573,405 cattle, and 418,063 »heep. NET-OTSHINtt BOUNDARIES. 1 A proclamation will be Issued under the provisions of the Queensland Fisheries Act of 1S8D rescinding the schedule of the pro- i clamatlon dated 20th August, 1876, by which ' net-fishing in the waters of the Broadwater and Nerang Creek, within certain limits, was prohibited ; and prohibiting net-fishing within the waters of the Broadwater, com- , mencing at Loder's Creek, near the railway , goods-shed, and following the shore or high- water mark uve chains distant to the end of tho Southport Jetty ; theace along the shore to the"lifeboat shed. : BRISBANE MUSICAL UNION. There is a noticeable aciiuty in the musi- cal worlds of Brisbane ju-t at present. Amongst other enorla being made are those for the Musical Union concert on Tuesda>, 9th May. Hho Exhibition Hall has been cn- j gagod, the orchestra has been torougül up to the oompletcEt condition that the íesources of Brisbane will allow, ihe clholr has been carefully selected and trained, and the music ot which the programme consists has been i chosen both to satisly the ordinary music j lover a3 well as the more highly-trained student. It is satisfactory to notice that j those respontlble bave recognised the neces- sity of looking after the comfori. of tho audience, as well as toe gratification of their musical tastes, nnd an auxiliary com- i milbee has teen foi-ra'd, consist ng of M s=rs. Walsh, Murray Smith, Rivers, Shand, and the'Rev. S. C. Harris, who are giving their services for the occasion. The plan of tho concort hall is now open at Paling's, where seats can be reserved. N.'C.U. SMOKE O0.NCIB.RT. The National Cricket Union last evening submitted an excellent programme at the first of their smoke concerts. The Ctn tennial Ha.il was the place chosen, au I everything h:.d been done by the conunlt'cc to insure the comfoit and enjoyment of the audience. It was evident that moro than usual caie end attention had been bestowed upon the arrangements, and the end lully justified 'ho means. . Unfortunately, one or two of the performers wore prevented from attendance, but the efforts of the remain lor wore than compensated for their absence. l\Jr. J. Bottger was in excellent voice lor his two selections; " Bid me to love," and "The Patiol,1' loth of wiich he rendel ed with his aecustomrd artistic interpretation; and Mr. II. J. Reeves was not a whit behind him in "Out on-the Deep" and "When Blight 'Eyes Glance." The several "turns' of Captain Fred. Thomas were veryv clevor 1 and entertaining.- " The Captain" is evi- dently a most versatile performer. B-aidcJ exhibiting examples of hi3 great sKill jn vcmtrijoquial whistling, he showed marked powei as a mimic in h'a imitation of Reubon Fax. in "Trilby," and gave tho audience soveral reminiscences of the Foley-Burke prize fight and sienes on Flemington race- course. tMr. G. Hooper was* well received, and applauded for hiï smart card triclci and feats of ledgerdemain, and his perform- ance was a most- capable one. Mr. J. G. Smith sang, very acceptably, "The Star of Bethlehem," for which he was recalled. Tho comic element, always a strong feature of smoke concerts, wns-in the hands of Messrs F. W. Mason, Pat Harden, and F. Limb, who sang a variety of comic songs, which met with the very hearty approval of the audience. Mr. ' Lloyd was pianist, and played the accompaniments, as well as au overture which fitly opened a successful coacert. FRUIT .EXPORT TRADE. Mr. A. G. Pitt, fruit merchant, of Sydney, Melbourne, and Adelaide, who passed through here on Wednesday, has had a splendid trip up the coast as far a3 Geraldton and Cairns, and has arranged for a shipment weekly tb Adelaide of between 700 and 1000 cases of bananas, averaging four bunches to the case (says the " Maryborough Chronicle"). Seve lal growers also promised large shipments of pineapples and oranges. 'He visited Towns- ville, and partly arranged for shipments of , mangoes and other tropical fruits. Mr. Pitt is greatly taken with the whole of Queens- land visited by him. He considers that Geraldton and Cairns are two months ahead of Maryborough, which in turn Is two months ahead of Sydney in the ripening of citrus fruit ; and contends that Queensland should havo a monopoly of citrus fruits in the South- ern markets up to May. The Cairns district oranges are very fine, but the orchards appear to be neglected. One thing Mr. Pitt em- phasises is that shippers must be particularly careful about grading and packing, as this is the seciet of success in the export of fruit As much caie should be taken as If oranges weie eggs. The Northern fruits are all more tender than the Southern, and neces- sarily íequiro more careful handling, but with care this can be easily done. Mr. Pitt has come to the conclusion that the growers of Queensland are not using the country to the cxtont its natural advantages and thn command of tho market wai rant. We have the soil, rain, and climate for growing many kinds of fruit to perfection. At Geraldton oranges and lemons are growing wild, and have become a nuisance when clearing land. EXCURSION TO SANDGATE. The excursion train run by the Railway Department to the promenade concert in Moora Park on Wednesday evening by the Naval Headquarters Band was well patron- ised, about 340 persons coming by that and the previous train, which brought passen- gers from the intermediate stations (writes our correspondent). Besides the visitors, Sandgate and its neighbourhood contributed little short of 1200 persons, a large number coming in buggies and on horseback. Band- master Bloomfield started the excellent pro- gramme punctually, the first piece, " The Famous Cadet" (Schleiffarth), being well received. The overture, " Light Cavalry" (Suppe), brought out spontaneous applause. A member of the committee announced from the bandstand that the Naval Band had given their services gratuitously to assist the Sandgate body to get new instruments, that their instruments were no more than " rams' horns" in comparison with those they had just had the pleasure of listening to, and that a collection would therefore be taken up. It was announced that £6 19s. 10½d. had been collected, and a lady added the coppers required to make the even £7. Three cheers were given for the Naval Band, followed by three more for Mr. Bloomfield. After "God Save the Queen," the Finance Committee of the Town Band invited the performers to light refreshment at the Sea View Hotel. After paying expenses, there is a balance left of £5 14s. to be put to the special fund. __________ The deputation to the Premier on the Lam- ington Bridge dispute seem to have argued their case as ably as it was possible to do (remarks the " Wide Bay News"). They were under a great disadvantage, however, having an Act of Parliament against them, and this was a heavy handicap. It is cer- tainly not desirable that a constituted body should refuse to acknowledge such an Act passed by their own Parliament, however unjust it might seem to the particular party interested. The council, having explained to the Premier fully their grievance, and seeing no remedy except from the Parliament that passed the Act, have wisely decided to obey the law, and trust to the same Parliament for some relief from the heavy burden im- posed, and especially the manner in which it was imposed. It is well that it has been settled so far. The next step will be to ap- point representatives to the Bridge Board. All's well that ends well. Local oranges arc coming to hand in large quantités, and in excellent condition, and the price is keeping up well (says yesterday's " Wide Bay News"). Yesterday, between 700 and 800 cases were shipped to Sydney and Melbourne, where the fruit is in great de- mand. At the West Maitland (N.S.W.) Polke Court on Monday, Henry L. Whittell, a soli- citor and an alderman of the Borough Council, was committed for trial on a charge of stealing the sum of £200, the property of Henry Vercoe, a client. It 'transpired that the money had boen paid, as well as another sum concerned, since the warrant was taken out; but the magis- trate, who Is also an alderman and the ex Mcyor, refused to take the responsibility of granting a discharge. Bail wag avowed. I The Rev. Samuel Chapman, who has suf- fered an"acute recurrence of heart trouble, was sufficiently convalescent to be able, with ; the assistance of the Rev. W. H. Holdsworth, 1 to conduct the morning service in thek Bap- tist Church, Collins-street, yesterday (says the " Melbourne Argus" of Monday). Mr. Chapman preached a characteristic discourse I on tihe words in Acts, ix., 5-" Who art i thou, Lord ? I am Jesus"-his mood, how- ever, being subdued, and, as he admitted, " want of strength," preventing the expan- sion ot the concluding portion of the sermon. A larger congregation than usual marked the occasion. The bicycle trade of Victoria suffered a severo reverse during 1868 as compared with the previous twelve months (says the j " Argus"). According to a Customs statls | tlcal return just issued bicycles stand at the j top of the list aà* showing tho largest per- cent decrease in Victoria's imports, the fall ing-ofC being 51 per cant. In 1897, when the bicycle trade may be said to ha\e been at Its 'height, the value of machines and parts imported into Victoria was £319,143. In 1898 it had dropped to £155,r01. or to the ex- tent of £103,242. In 1897 Victoria exported bicycles to the value of £114,283 to the other colonies, but the following year the value of thla trade tod increased to £123,5S0, or an Improvement of £6297. From present ap- pearances the trade In imported bicycles for 1899 will show a further decrease on that of last year. The 'lheosophical Society held their annual meeting and ^vening social at their rooms in E'iizabeth-Àreot on Wednesday. An afternoon meeting for memb:rs was followed by a largely-attended social gathering in the evening. During the evening some four or five short nddresse3 were given by some of the more prominent members, two of these being1 ladles, one of whom directed atten- tion specially to womau's place in the Theo sophical movement. Other spenkers took up more general ground, showing the origin of the society, its already achieved results, and its aims with regard to the future in association with the scientific, moral, and religious thought of ifho day. At the South Biisbane Small Debts Court on Wednesday, before Mr. W. Yaldwyn, P.M., the .Brisbane Milling Company (trading as tho Ainswoith Bakery) sued F. W. Garrett for the sum of £14 9s. 7d., alleged to,be due for bread sold. Mr. M'Gregor (Atthów and M'Grogor) appeared for tho complainant, and Mr. P. J. O'Shea for the defendant. After voluminous evidence had been offered on be- half of the plaintiff, company a verdict was entered for plaintiff for the amount claimed, with Cs. 6d. costs of court, £2 23. professional costs, and 15s. witnesses* ex- penses. No evidence was called for the de- fence. Mr. O'Shea' gave formal notice of appeal. The Works Department have accepted the tender of W. Starke for the erection of a new State school at Horton, near Cordalba. The amount of the tender is £535 16s. 6d., and the time four months. The committee of the Lady Bowen Hos- pital met on Tuesday, Mrs. Davidson (vice president) presiding. There were also pre- sent-iMrs. Foxton (vice-president), Mes- dames Cooper, Collings, Eden, Fowingä, Groom, and Marshall. The matron report- ed G patients admitted and 4 discharged during tho week. At Wednesday's committee meeting of the Hospital for Slök Children there were pre- sent-Mrs. Cowlishaw and Mrs. Oxley (vice-presidents). Mesdames Perry , and Thorne, the Misses Bedford, Griffith, Kean, and Roberts. The report showed 29 chil- dren admitted and 25 discharged during the week, leaving 63 under treatment, three of whom were at the Sandgate" Sanatorium. Subscriptions, £6 4n. 6d., and patients' pay- ments, £5 11s., were received. ' 'Accounts passed, £176 10s. lid. The usual monthly committee meeting ot the West End School of Arts' was held on Tuesday cvoning. Mr. J. Davies occupied the chair, one member of committee being absent. A letter was read from Messrs. Mudie and Co., 'London, stating that the books ordered by the committee wore on tho Duke of Westminster. That vessel" le now at the wharf, so that these books will fae Iii-'circulation to subscribers early next week, and will make a creditable addition to the library. Accounts amounting to £7 2s. Od. were passed tor payment. The technical classes lately established in con- nection with the Institution are very -veil attended, new pupils being enrolled each class night. At a meeting of the Boys'. Stale School. Peiile-terrace, tho recretary,' amongst o her matters, was in tructed to get 500 circulars printed, and lo have the same sent to th» parents of children attending the «-chool. soliciting conti Ibu ions towards purchasing additional school furniture and incidentals. iA successful concert.wos given in the West lund School of Arts on Wednesday night, lu aid of the*'Melbourne Cricket Club. Tho audience was large, and-.thc programme at- tractive. During the c-vening St. Mary's Gordon Club Orchestra, under the conduc'or shlp of Herr Stahl, played .two rjelectlouh " Silver Cross" and ".Robert le Diable" wblch wore very carefully rendered. The contributors to a very excellent programme were-Mr. W. Gubbins, little ûPJss Emily Graham, Miss Mildred Saunders [Sanders], Miss Massey, Mr. A. Balding, Mr. G. Rush, Mr. R. H. Bond, Miss C. Bauman, Mr. G. Hooper-, Mr. Parker, Mr. A. Corr, Mr. A.S. Fleming, and Mr. W. Green. The programme con- cluded with a farce, " Ghost in a Pawn- shop," in which (Messrs, Parker, Shuberf, and Hales perforjned very well. Miss J. Hondry and ¡Mr. G. Bond filled the positions of accompanists. During the interval Mr. J, Bauman presented, on behalf of the club, a medal for best tbatllng average. This ¡s truly a record-breaking season in the wool trade (says the " S. D. Telegraph" of Tuesday). Messrs. John Bridge and Co. report bavins disposed of a lou of Queensland scoured wool at as high a'figure as 21d. per lb" thus topping last woek's record by Id. All parties concerned are to be congratulated, A very enjoyable entertainment was held in the Sailors* Hall on Wednesday. The at- tendance was very good. The programme and refreshments were provided by several friends, and cave universal satisfaction. The songs and recitations were In every In- stance well rendel ed. and several of *hn performers had to respond to a well-merited; oncoie At the close of the meeting Mrs, Proctor addressed the audience, and on behalf of tho committee wished tho crew of the City pf Delhi farewell, and thanked thom for the interest they had takçn ip the mission and for thejç regular attepdance, not only nt the concerts, but also at .Sunday service and weekly Bjble class. Mr. Novell!, on behalf of the crew qf the 'City of Delhi, thauiod Mrs. Proctor for the kindneäs shown to them, and said sailors much appreciated the work of tho mission, and wero better men for at- tending the meetings. He wished godspeed to the work, aud trusted they would, be spared; to come to Brisbano çort ajalq. Horse owners ar,d trainers aro. »cmlol«Ml that acceptances fflr «U kandjoans'to fe tun »n connection with the Q.T.e. May Day iMeetuig olosp to- day (Friday) at 4 p.m. Tho newly* constituted Assembly of the United Methodist Free Churches, Queens» land, met for the Ant time In the ï&xir;,« Junction Church on Wednesday evening, an I the following officers were elected :-Presi- dent, T. Melrose ; treasurer, J. Stirling ; soiretary, \V. H. Clark ; sub-secretary, J. T. Marrison. Committees were appointed io draft rules and send a report of the pro- ceedings to tho «orno Church. The Rev. E. Brown having been called to the Eigle Junction Churoh ior the ' next twelve months, It waa decided by the lAp^envbly tq endorse the action of the mem,be,i\s. Glenoadam Whisky.-Undoubtedly Bnest Imported. Kept ftt a.U good hotels.-(Advt ) A meeting ts to toe held in the Builders mid Contractors' Exchange, Courier. Build-, mg, this afternoon, to make arrangements in connorton with the visit of the J$ev. Í, I. Jones, Congregational minister t <»f Welsh- pool, Wales, who ia via.'ting the Australian colon'ies under the auspices of the BritiBh Israel Association, (London. 400 pounds of wools for working, iu.ll looa to the pound, are being cleared by Finney^ Isles/and Co.'at 2s. lid. per lb., in the foin lowing colours and makçs :-Navy hlue and cardinal Shetland, navy blue ' An.qalqtla%, wppb "sin*!1? Berti«,* 