CURIOUS COINCIDENCES. (Extract from "Belgravia.") Mr. James Brinsley Richards, author of "Seven Years at Eton," tells a curious story about himself and Mr. Angelo, the fencing master at Harrow, . Westminster, and other places. It is a very weird incident, and something more than a strange coincidence, and might well claim the attention of Mr. Stead or the Psychical Research So- ciety. Let me tell the story in Mr. Richards's own words:— "A curious adventure occurred to me in connection with Mr. Angelo, which will mention for the benefit of those who like ghost-stories. In March 1869, alighting from a train at Buckingham, I saw Mr. Angelo get out of a com- partment next to mine and walk across the platform, in company with a couple of young fellows who were very gay and frolicsome. One of them gave the other a push, upon. which the latter said, 'Isn't he behaving badly, Mr. Angelo?' "I intended to accost Mr. Angelo, but thought I would wait until he had parted with the two gentlemen, who were'strangers to me. Presently they both entered a private carriage, which had come to the station for them, and 6drove off, but when I looked round for Mr. Angelo I saw he had dis appeared. Imagindng he had entered one of the waiting rooms, I lingered about the entrance to. the station, for a quarter of an hour, but he was not to be seen. I thought this rather strange at the time, for the Buckingham station on the arriving side had but one ap. pioach, and Mr. Angelo could not have walked away along it without being no- ticed by me. "In the following week I was at Har- row, and lunching at the King's Head with a young relative of mine, when the conversation fell upon fencing, and the boy casually alluded to his fencing master as being the successor of An- gelo, who was dead. 'Dead,' I ex- claimed, 'how very sudden! Why I saw him not a week ago!' 'You couldn't have seen Angelo, the fencing master,' answered the boy, 'he has been dead some years.' I really stared. If there had only been the evidence of my eyes as to Mr. Angelo's appearance on the platfornm of Buckingham station, I should have concluded at once that my sight had deceived me, but I had dis- tinctly heard Mr. Angelo addressed by name. I had the plainest recollection of having heard one of the young men in whose company he was say, 'Isn't he behaving badly, Mr. Angelo?' "On my return to town from Harrow, I had the fact of Mr. Angelo's. death some years previously amply confirmed. Here the story ends. Nothing ever came of the apparition I had witnessed. It brought me no portent; it had not been preceded by any thoughts about Mr. Angelo, and it was followed by no circumstance which can throw the faintest light upon it, so that of course I am bound to submit to the inference that I was labourlag under an optical and acoustic delusion. Still I am not convinced of this myself in my own mind, and I have always thought of the incident as being one of those mysteries which are perhaps thrown into our lives to make us weary of scolling too readily at strange things reported by others." A Cambridge lawyer once told me of a queer adventure he had in a railway train on the way to London. On get- ting into his carriage he saw, as he sup posed, a man with whom he was on terms of pretty close intimacy, and ac- costed him in a familiar manner. But the other rejected all his advances, denied the pleasure of, his acquaint ance, and took i'efuge in his paper. My friend, thinking it a joke, tried him again, but with no better result. On reaching town the lawyer, utterly puzzled, and not knowing what to make of it, drove straight to the chambers of the man whom he thought he had seen in the train. He found him in, and heard that he had not been tar from home that day. The lawyer, a hard-headed business man of the world, swears that the likeness was complete in every particular—the one being a facsimile of the other. Here was a pretty plain case of a double, and I have heard pf similar instances, though not so striking. What a mystery, though, might arise out of such an in- cident, and what misleading evidence might be tendered honestly enough in a court of law, in circumstances of similar mistaken identity! ============= 