ftaics jwfl Jfoiite. Ah. Rights Resebvzd.] THE HOUSE ON THE HILL, kv O. B. BD8GIW. (Author ol M AQoa-kcr Girl,' &e.;, ic.) Bast in. Isabel fliir up to her .epulchral apartment, and -almost danced into her riding habit '* Decidedly,' she thought, ' I am increasing my kxowleoge of life to a marvellous extent. People don's go riding about in Uayfmir with handsome voting men v.ithout a chaperon. Handsome young men don't save people's Uvestn thai Brjcerejnonious waj every day. And over 'all there banin a shadow and a fear. Ac. I don't know what the mystery U— it may not -amount' ta much; bat there decidedly is something. I Mem ta have lived years linco yesterday. And everything is happening In * manner-of-fact sort of way which jets all my ideaa of probabilities at defiance. lib only probabilities which are improbable b that a paradox ! I don't know.' Suddenly a shadow awept over herfeatures. She raised her arm, whip in hand. 'I wonder,' ahe aaid to tbe glass, ' what would ' happen if a woman horsewhipped a man. People would say it ih nnfeminine. And yet I think Isbould like to horsewhip that recreant lover ofsrnine — the man who made love to me became lie thought I had mosey, and then quarrelled with me when he found I wai penniless. It wouldn't have any effect 'on him. He-woold take it calmly, as a kind of return which 'be hid deserved for bio conduct. It isn't bis desertion which atiogs me. It is that I should have loved — loved — ic-nally loved a wretch like that 1 What ?tost men think of worn n when we stoop to them id anch away? BeaHy, it aeems to me that when a - fiin meets a man with the exterior of *a- Apollo she doesn't even trouble to look iaaido to tee. if he is anything but a magnificent animal. - When I think that I squally allowed that man to kiss me, I eonld whip myself I? ' She drew on her gloves, and turned to leave the room. ' & Perhaps a straggle with the ehestnnt'wjjl KMore my self-respect. I don't, however, anticipate any trouble. If a nio can't ride her, it is probably became be hasn't tighfrfcands. Imppose we shall have a groom. /Wdanodld hardly ride without a groom— «ren in Derbyshire.' Whouahe eame down ahe ftnnd Geoffrey IJearae niting to pat her on the chestnut. -That Toward 4u-d -fiery animal was dancing round and doing her heat to knock the groom's h»t off sfith her forefeet. The ajppearaaoe of a. habit acted like magic oa her impetnoos nerves. She came don on the path and pawed itopuitctly at Uw gravel A touch, * (iring to the saddle, and Isabel was mounts, -the beautiful cheatant lor setting all pranks in her delight at the light,' firm bana -wtioh held her. Then they reached the lodge-Rite, turned to the leftover the barren moor, and met the rush of the exultant treeia with that keen expectant shiver of delight which never fails a, good « bone and - boree-woman, who feel 'that they will soon be off satisfactory terms with one another. Geotfiey.Hearpe came pounding stolidly along on -bis useful cob. Isabel had forgotten his exisrcneer'~Wnrn she polled in the chest not— her cheeks flashed, eyes glowing, a wandering ^love-tack kissing her pretty neck — he was a hundred yards dUtsnr. Isabel a*t there' patiently awaiting his arrival, and patting the chestnut. 'An,' ahe.«sM, presently, with a leng drawn breath of delight, ' my beauty, my beauty, you have taken the sting and the pain out of my heart! Henceforth I will live !-Uve-Uve.» ** If yon 'do that again,', said GeoSrev Hearne, wro had caught the last word, ' * there is every probability you will break yonr neck :™ bat he smiled admiringly as he aaid it. A beantifnl wotnin on a beautiful mare ! A long streicb of moorland, istersected by broad avennes of tnrL A Line sky, io which the little, fluting foam-flecked cloudlets followed and fastened on to one another. All doubtless very prosaic and commonplace. A man coming in the opposite direction did not appear to think so. ' How well that girl sits her horse,' be said, wonderingiy. ' No Back of potatoes business about that. I seem to know her, too. Wonder who she is? I think I'd rather like to be that other fellow. Tbey are coming this tray.' He lit a cigarette, and availed their arrival. Suddenly, it fell from his lips. ' By all that's improbable !** he gasped ; ' Isabel Archer 1' and, potting tpors to hie horse, he galloped off io the opposite direction. Isabel put her hand to her head as if the had been shot. Then ahe rode oo, strangely ' What was it!' asked Gooflrey. noticing her silence. ' Any one you knoir 7' 'A ghost from the outer .world,' she answered. ?* Let us rids on.' Bat the charm had vanished for the day. Even the chestnut's springy motion coold aot restore it. 'I wonder il be feared ice,' thought Isabel as they turner) homewards. ' I never rJ-.oogbt him a coward before. Exit, Coliu Deep, once and for alL' Io the course of a few days Isabel Archer ceased to feel anything embarrauing in ber position. Geoffrey Hearne was the most masculine tame cat she had ever seen aboot a boose. His duties appeared to be almost nomioal. They consisted of daily rides and brief interviews with tenants, who began by petitioning for the erection of a new barn, and ended in great content with a gate or a pig-sty. At first they would insist oa having the birn, but Geoffrey Hearse's firmness ultimately prevailed. To use the words oi a well-knovrn Transatlantic peet : Thla quiet Mr. BrjWn.' Isabel found herself regarding Geoffrey Hearne with increased respect as time flowed oa. Her ova dntice were very few. She arranged the flowers every day, transmitted Miss Snmmerby's orders to the servants, and took charge of the tea urn. Sbe was even becoming accustomed to her own room. Its darkness harmouieed vita, her somewhat gloomy feelings. When she sat there in the evening, tryiog to discover what the Fates bad in store lor her, the darkness of her eorroundiag* made aa appropriate back ground. She told herself that it was absurd to imagine life coold have nothing farther for ber because of ooe person's defection. Should it ev- r be ia her power sue wonld puoisb this false lover, not (o avenge her own wrong, bat for his crime against trac love. The man had singled ber out ea the object of his attention! — followed her about for Uic whole season. — made love to ber in a thousand insidious ways— filled her whoto life. For what? Only to leave it. And thej, the paltriness of. his motive. He foand she had do money, and so abrupt!? forsook her. Angels might probably forgive £o base an offence, it was rather too much to expect a mere human being to do so. No punishment conld be too great for such vile treachery. She was alone one afternoon, about a month after her arrival at the House on the HilL Geoffrey Hearne had driven off with Mies Snmmerby to interview a refractory tenant. Geoffrey Hearne did not want Miss Sam. nierby to go. 7 be * xcitemcnt of stimulating the recalcitrant tenant's memory wonld give her a headache. Cut do j Miss Snoimerby protested tbat sho didn't mind a headache, and so tbev had departed, the amorous Kinipple g -iiof; mournfully at Mrs. Pilbeun as she helped her mistress into the landau. **It'snon*e lumakft ouc'b self too cheap to impudent creatures like men,' Mrs. Pilbeam had confidentialiy declared to Isabel as ahe turned to the ball door. 'If you do, it's a failure ; tbey tramples on yon— specially a. man like Kinipi.1-, who's got to be kept muter ; not unt what he's a taking mySrilh him when he likes. Let Mm dU for me a little longer, and, perhaps, I may listen to him. You take my advice, Hiss. Men are rery well before marriage, bat unless yon drive 'em with a tight rein tbey are not nearly so meek afterwards.*1 babel sat down in a cr^ry corner of the terrace beneath the spreading shade o! a friendly acacia. She had a writing-case on her knee,- and was thinking over a letter to Mrs. Archer. At the end of the long navel walk the neighbouring wood was £ay with fox-gloves wildly dancing in the breeze. An occasional rabbit perkily tcutted across the path into the undergrowth beyond, or eat up midway and peered round in timid* bewil derment. A portly thrush tugged at a reluctant worm, and dragged it forth to the light of day with a business-like air of a city man swallowing an oyster. There was a dreary quietude about the place. No human voice broke the stillness. Stay ! Wasn't that . the sound of horse's hoofs i& the distance! Who could it Jbe ? Mies Sum merby never vaw anyone. Vo one would surely remember Isabel's existence, and come all the way from London to inquire how she was getting on in her new abode. She shut up her wri-.ing- case, and ro?e expectantly. ' A gentleman to see you, Miss,' said one of the housemaids, enmtng round the corner, and handing Isabel a card on a silver salver. Isabel took, the card with feminine curiosity. 'CaptaiaCalin.Deen-'ehesMa. 'Did he ssk for me V * . 'YeB, Miss,' said the RtrL ,'Ffc*t he asked for Miss Summerbyi and I said she was oat. Then he uked far yon, and I said yos were in. He's in the big drawing-room. Will yon ice him- MUsT 'Y«,'nid Isabel, methodically gathering her beloa^ioga together ; ' I will see him.' She stood Mill for a moment in order to collect ber thoughts. This accounted for the harried disappearance of the mysterious horseman 03 the day of her' first ride with Geoffrey Hearne. There had been many rides Eiocc thro. Sbe wondered if they were the ctnec of Captain Deep's presence at tbe House on the Hill that particular afternoon. Captain Deep, a tall, fair man. with singularly handsome blue eyes, rose to meet her as she entered the room. There were distinct traces of crowb' feet at the cornere of his almost feminine optics. TT-» did not appear to be more than thirty, and was exceedingly neat and well groomed. A long, Sowing, fair moustache hid his month. For once in his life he Kerned ill at ease. His manner had none of tbe characteristic sang froid of military men. He simp'y looked rather foolish, and very mnch ashamed. Isabel coldly returned tbe botr. 'Captain Deep, I think J' she said, anectiDg to Btady the card iu her hand. (tI am afraid Miss Sammeiby is out. The maid said tbat yon had asked for me.' This was what is vulgarly known as a !.' facer ' for tbe gallant Captain. There was a reason only known to himself and one'other fcr fail presence there to-day. He counted upon a scene— reproaches, tears, forgiveness, a blotting out cf the past Bygones had indeed been blotted aot Kith a vengeance when this tall young woman, whose beaalifnl eyes had once looked into his with thy delight, could calmly conrolt the pasteboard in her hand as if doubtful of bis identity. He began to doubt it himself After the way he had behaved, perhaps she was fenfal of surrendering too r. a lily. He knew that she bad once loved him. She was not the first woman who bad done so; his 'fatal gift of beauty,' as Toole say°. had wrought much havoc in many feminine hearts. SbUl, he would be mignamioos, and heal the wonad he had inflicted. He could afford to marry Btv, without reliuqnishuaj any of his own selfish pleasures. , . He stood heiitatitg for a uxmrat, ad then resumed his cbsir. What » lovely grl »»e was ! Those dark shadows under tbe eyes were doubtless hi) work I They must be painted out. . . « fes.' he said, momentarily accepting the lituation, 'I am a new neighbour of Miss Sommerby'a— have just come into some property about here— and reversed the usual order of things by cslliBg on her firs*. She couldn't very well csll on a bachelor.' 'It was very good of you.' said !?-»? cold clear tones, wiA just the faintest infi. colon of sarcasm in them-, bat I am afraid Miss Summerby wonld scarcely appreciate such a departure from the conventionslaes. She goes nowhere.' . ?? Indeed,' said Captain Deep. ' I under stood Miss Suromerby was a comparatively new-comer. Hence my-mf concession to sentiment. I am sorry to have missed her; bat he did not go. ? To Isabel's great annoyance, the maid appeared with afternoon tea. She conM not avoid asking Captiin Deep to have some. He evidently aid not intend to go without an explanation. She drd not want an ex planation ; the man was hateful to her — ahe only wished to punish h-m. Possibly, .Miss Summerby ana Geoffrey Hearne would soon return, and wonder at his presence there. 'WIU you have some U»V raid Isabel, coldly. The maid handed it to Lim, and retired. Isabel drank hers with ladylike enjoyment. What farces our lives sometimes are — or tragedies ! Here were two people wbo a few months ago were oa the most ialimate terms, now affecting to meet as strangers. One had behaved badly, to the other. He was con scious of an avengiug Keinccis, bat did not know wbat shape hi« pnnlahucnt won'd take. Somehow, he bad realise! that he was not going to escape scot- free. And the other? (Jh, there was nothing about the other to call tor comment. She was -nmply^a very hand some girl, sitting blck in ? pretty lounge chair, and drinking her tea with the air of Dne wbo was rather bored and too well-bred to let it appeac Perhaps that was part of the ]nniB-iment. After a few minutes. Captain Seep got np to depart. It was evident that be did not want to go. Isabel also rose. ' ' May I hope to hive tbe pleasure of seeing Miss Summerby on some other occasion ?' I id Ciptain Deep. 'Isabel's eyelids were slightly raised. 'Surely, Captain Deep, it is usual to await a return visit, even in tbe country ?* 'Oh, this wai not count,' said the Captain fatuously. 'This was to yon.' ' Indeed ! Yon do me too .much honour.' V Yes, to you,' said the Captain, eagerly. ' Is.bel, if yoa could on'y know how bitterly I bave regretted my full} V . Isabel again glanced at the card on the table, as if to' assure herself that ahe was not mistaken. . ' Really, Captain Deep, I cannot imagine wby you presume to address me ia such a way.' ' It is presumption, of conise; I knew yon wonld think it was. I can't explain it very welL' 'There is not the slightest necessity for any explanation whatever. -I once had the somewhat doubrrsl pleasure of knowing — or fancying that I knew— someone who bore your name. ?- Then I ceased to know that particular individual. He disappeared. Bis fiiends said b^ most marry money ; he was reported, to have proposed to Miss Jute,- of tylackbarn ; and there was an end of him.' 'I erg jour pardon,' aid tbe Captain. 'Perhaps I ,can supplement the story a little.' ?. . ' I cm afraid. Captain Deep, that I am not snffioiently anxious to hear about a matter of so little moment.' 'Yon bive no right,' zaid tie Captain, ' to be nojust — to condemn any one nnheard. What I have done has been bad and t»se enough. Now I have suddenly come into money, 1 hasten to make you the only paltry reparation in my power. Will yoa be my wife*' Isabel heard him without a thrill of emotion. A few months ago her heart woald hare throbbed with a vild delight. Now it felt like stAne within her. 'It may seem to you that I nave no extenuating circumstances to plead,' said the Captain. ??Well, perhaps I haven't, but what little there are, for hraven'd sake hear them.' She stood cold, calm, and proud, and motioned to him to speak. ?* My allowance was barely enough for me to live. My regimental expenses were heavy. Horses and debts were swamping me. I met yon. Report had it that you were rich. I loved yoa for yourself.' She gave a gesture of incredulity. ' Ah, yes, you may disbelieve me ; but it is so. Then matters came to a crisis. On tbe very verge of proposing to yon, I learned tbat yon had nothing, *!thoogh your mother had plenty of money. To bave asked you to marry me would have been the grossest selfishness. The rope was already round my neck. Miss Jute was my one chance But I couldn't go straight from you to Miss Jute. I went away without a word to you— I dared not see you. My creditors gave me two months more. I went away to stay with gome people. Mia Jste was in the same house. People told you that I was paying my addresses to ber ; it was not trne. never said a word to her which might not have been snouted out from the house-tops, I was nerving myself to do it when the tele gram came which set me free. Norton Lea is my own ; I have two thousand a year to keep it np with— two thoatand absolutely. There ia enough ready money to piy ouT my debts. In a word, I am free 1 Free of every thing except dishonour. That cUnga to me ; it is a gangrene which eats into my flesh I saw yoa the other day and dared not face you, but I bav* had to do it. , moved Isabel, he was mhttkeo. =-when she loves she does not Vf*?'t' why or wherefore. Sbe doe. not )«k for money, position, servants, fin* i^mo. &*, no! ItSss7verydifferenU Poverty.hnnger, m^jesryand holiness of love. God watches over her ? the universe is a garden ; one UtUe ZSi «™d, or touch ol lo« . ta ri-Hjy for -3 the ieat «nd burden of the day. Ab. nol Such mm as you do not know the meaning of the word. You degrade it, lower it into the dust, make ? '?'^oflljtM* £ ot end then would f.in whistle »t back to your call as a plaything for' your idle boorr. Toarehameisyou'-I-™i*m6nt ,?olnefey; perhaps it may be your redemption. Go 1 EieveVwUh to touch your hand or hear your voice again.' 'Good-day!' She rang the belL 'Order Captain Deep's horse, Maiy.' And the Captain rode mutely away^ 'I hear you have had a visitor,' aaid Geoffrey Heame, presently. 'He hasnt taken his tea.' _ 'Perhaps it ots too litter,' * he said. She raised the cop in her hand, as if to throw it into the fireplace, but he took it from her with sJmoBt boyish reverence. Wormwood wonld be sweet from your hands,' he said, end dnised it to ihedreRP. After tbe cup episode, a cew lifebrgan for Isabel. Her self-respect returned. Here «aa another man who evidently admired her. Al though be did not »y,so. Still, he knew that she bad no money, and the knowledge / did not appear to aflVct him in any way. It was evident that he alao bad no mr-ney. But had not the other man made thai » ground' for his desertion? There was something about Geoffrey Hearne which wowed that tie was folly alive to tbe v»lue of money, but that he md not make it bis god U- ? the. exclu sion of everything eke. Be most be regard less of money, or be would never seriously - contemplate bringing opt emendations of Shakespeare. 'But the emendations otSbakc apeare had lately been neglected. G-offrey Hearne had come to the cobdrisiiin Ih&t; there . were too many emendations already. He had recently paid a. vi/it to tbe London Initiate at finebary CSroua. There lie bar} discovered ? huge edition of his favourite poet, each volume of which was about two feet high, and broad in proportion. Oa every {ttge of this edition he found aboot eix lines of text, and that the rest consisted of emenda ttona and-notes! Ic seemed to him rather hard on Shakespeare that the poor poet should be as full of tJtermtioca as a last year's bbonfct'm&de; over, and Co, romehow, thei great wcrk we.* pitched on one eide with ;an irrraololion altogether foreign to Geoffrey Hearse's costaa-.s.~y unaeity of purpose. Isabel had altogether forgotten about tie mystery which she imagined to be contained in the House on the HilL It ceased to ocea|.y 'her, snlil one night ahe was awakened hy e, ray of moonlight daodog through the blind. It fell full on her face, ana uczzled her. Sbe could not sleep. Then a mouse .began to gnaw at the wainscot. The stable do:k struck three. Should she get; up and pnll down the slats of the Venetian blind propeili-, so as to exclude the light, or should the endeavour to go to sleep again ! For tome time she could cot decide ; in fac', ahe was not wholly awake, but in (bat half- ooinnnleut state which gradually resolves itself into slumber if nothing happens to tt'll further rouse the dormant fjcul:ic« But as sbe lay there every littie noise conspired to distmb Isabel. The boards seemed to creak. The funereal canopy overhead actoally shook once or tirice as if moved by iurisible hands. Well-known oi'jects in the room assumed fsn'istic shape, and made mocking motions to her in the changing moonlight. Her cloak thrown carelessly on a distant chair, seemed to hare eome one in it. It almost moved. At times, Isabel fancied that it eat up, as if very much at borne there. She tried counting a hundred, but broke off at thirty-fire, the was too wide awake. Suddenly, sbe bethought herself that in a moment of youthful torture sue had been compelled to commit to memory «ome fifty luus of ' The Excnreion.' II th™ t-he tried, bnt could only remember ten lines and the effort oftryingi recall the rem slnder prevented (heir having a. soothing effect (To be concluded next week.) 