There was observable last niglit in the Assembly a disposition to submit tlio finances of the colony to a keener scrutiny than lias been the case for the past few years. This may have been because tbo Treasurer's expenditure shows a tendency to mount with something of special rapid ity. AVe arc to spend more this year by £571,000 than wc did a .couple of years ago. Our railways alone cost us last year £309,000 more than they did three years since; and, as tlie Treasurer in his Budget Speech, confessed that he sees no escape from a considerable increase of expendi ture in the near future, this seems to have set some lion, members thinking as to where the tendency to expansion may lead ns. The member for Jolimont. is one of these. His soul is deeply concerned and gloomy. But not so Mr.. Gillies. If one can draw any meaning at all out of his last night's labored criticism of the Bud- got, it is his discontent because the Trea surer does not show any inclination to boom the revenue, and, has a perverse dis position to pay off the colony's debts. In our lean years we went over £3,100,000 in debt to the Trust Funds to pay our way, and, in addition to this unfunded liability, we borrowed money on deben tures. Sir George Turner asks Parliament to repay this year to the Trust Funds £200,000 out of his £351,000 surplus, and set aside £50,000 towards meeting some debentures falling due in a few years. To Mr. Gillies this is an unthinkable folly. If Jie had the money to deal with, he says, he would spend it, and, gladly spend it; He wbuld never dream of repaying his dobtsAvi.th. it. . And when.Mit , Fink .asked him' wKotlier tlio arrears of lean years' are not to. bo made up by the surpluses of fat ones,, lie had nothing , to answer exeopt that interjections were embarrassing. He docs not believe in even an attempt to repny the moneys we have borrowed to eke out ourrevenues. Lot them go, he says, and he added to our funded debt! That is a much easier and more agreeable plan than bothering our heads with such trifles as questions of repaying loans. Still, tlie member for Toorak managed to touch one- weak joint in the Treasurer's- harness when, alluding to his Tuesday night's pro posals with regard' to the Old Age Pensions Bill, he asked how it was that with his handsome surplus he could not propose his pensions scheme without loading it with the burden of tho increase of ait odious tax. The member for Jolimont, Mr. Fink, whose soul always revels in statistical cal culations, made a somewhat elaborate com parison between the rclativo rates of taxa tion in Victoria and in the United King dom. He holds a very pessimistic view as to the capacity of Victorians to bear taxation. Tho Income Tax in Great Britain, he finds, yields 6/ -per head from personal exertion. In Victoria it gives only 1/4; while the exemptions are about the same. The municipal taxation in Great Britain is about three times as heavy as it is in Victoria; and yet Great Britain bears it easily, while Victoria groans under it. Comparisons of an opposite character have sometimes been made, and witli a similar degree of justice. We hear it occa sionally put that while the Victorian' re venue is £0 per head of the people, that of Great Britain is less than £3 per head. But it is so easy in comparisons of this character to draw analogies which are not analogous. Tliero are in tho British na tional balance sheet no great revenue swallowing and revenue producing public works like our railways; nor does the Imperial Government perform for its citizens such an educational service as that which Mr. Peacock's Department administers for the benefit of -the Victorian youth. For example, the educational vote of £577,000 for tlie current year amounts in round figures to a tax of 10/ per head on the population of this colony. A simi lar tax in Great Britain would figure in the Imperial Estimates as ubout £20,000,000, . whereas the actual vote is only £10,500,000. When we turn to the railways we find the snmo thing is ob servable. For tho last four years the de ficit in the finances of that Department has averaged ' £4GO,000 a year, and in the year now current tlie prospective deficit is estimated at £472,000. Yet we have just seen a promise given of further remis sion of railway revenue to. the extent of £00,000 in order to enable one set of our industrialists .to lmve a fairer chance of competition with outside rivals. In the Same way it has been repeatedly shown that tlie passenger rates on suburban lines nre lower than almost any corresponding distances in London. What is proved by these instances is that Victorians arc not more heavily taxed than their country men at the other end of the world, but that they prefer to pay for certain public services sucli as railway carriage and edu cation through contributions to the State Treasury rather than by employing their own schoolmaster or paying the full cost of railway service on tho tickets they' buy. So it is probably with tho facts cited by Mr. Fink to show that Victorians are so poor in taxable capacity ds compared with Britons. Unless all our statisticians on .both sides of, the world are at fault, the average incomes in this colony range from £4S to £52 a year, a higher figure than obtains cither in tho United States of America or in England. In the same way tho tests of wealth which tho (statists of our colonics have applied have (convinced them that the average wealth per head of tho Australian colonies exceeds tlmt which exists in Great Britain. What Mr. Fink fails lo take into account is that in Aus tralia the wealth is more evenly diffused than it is in tho old world, where tho rich arc much richer nnd the poor much poorer. Tho wider diffusion hero decreases the tax able capacity, by rendering a larger per centage of our incomes exempt. If tho exemptions, ns lie says, roughly 1 corres pond with those existing hero, then, the productiveness of the Income Tax from personal exertion in tho old country is n proof rather of the enormous incomes of the comparative few than of tlie superior condition of the many. Besides, the taxa tion of a country must bo taken as o whole, if we arc to estimate its taxable capacity. Mr. Fink took only a section of a section — the part of the Income Tax de rived from personal exertion. The taxa tion in Great Britain, according to the latest dales given by the Victorian statist, is £2 per head. At the same date tlio Aus tralian taxation reached £2 14/5 per head. At tho present time, while the mean Victorian taxation is stated at £2 5/8 per head, that of Now Zealand is given in the latest New Zealand Year Book at £3 11/ per head. There cannot be much, therefore, in Mr. Fink's theory of this colony being broken down under taxation. It may ho admitted, however, that the question which Mr. Fink has raised is one of great interest, more especially in view of the proposals of the Treasurer to add nearly 50 per cent, to the existing burdens of the Income Tax. As to the injury which taxation is doing in scaring investors away, -wc must always take these argu ments cum gi-ano. Wo know that when the Now Zealand Government revised its property tax nnd imposed instead an in come and land tax, the air was filled with predictions of the ruin which would he wrought.- And we know that those vaticinations of evil have ljot been realised, showing that when taxation is rightly levied it docs not break a nation down. Indeed, we have M'Cullocii's dictum for it that it is. pos sible to tax a nation into prosperity. But that could only be if -the taxes were judici ously imposed, and expended in the pro motion of national industries. ' This still leaves tho question untouched as to the Treasurer's proposed method of providing for his Old Age Pensions, which it is not too much to say has profoundly disap pointed the expectations of tlie country. Tlie &omation; Bill introduced in the Legislative Council by Mr. Grimwade mere ly aims at bringing Victoria up to the level of the rest of tho world in the matter of the disposal of the dead. Cremation is but a return to a practice which' prevailed as far hack as the Bronze Age, and has always been popular with the majority of, man kind from a very remote period. It re quires no ghost to toll us why, for crema tion resolves dead humanity into its com ponent parts in a manner absolutely in nocuous to .the living. Modern common sense in Europe returned in the "seventies" to this ancient truth. While the Italians were establishing crematoria at Milan and Lodi, and tlie Germans at Gotha, where between 1878 and 1881 eight hundred cre- mations took place, .Sir Henry Thompson began to, move the British world in tho same direction. His book on "the best "method of disposing of tho dead" attrac ted public attention in a marked degree. The Cremation Society of Great Britain' was formed, and lost no time in getting a crematorium built at the Woking Ceme tery, in Surrey, about 25 miles from Lon don; and this example was quickly fol lowed in Glasgow and Manchester. The re-' ligfous objection .which is felt to cremation in some quarters is a fact to he reckoned with; difficult as it is to comprehend how anj'body can imagine that a process which reduces the human body to harmless dust in ninety minutes is more desecrating than one that may take as many years to get the same result loss effectually. But dis cussion of that- point is needless, because the Bill proposes to make cremation op tional, not compulsory. Tho objections to tlie system strongly urged two years ago were aimed, not at tho principle of crema tion, hut at its practice in cemeteries situ ated in populous suburbs. The framer of this Bill has now, in tho nintli clause, ar ranged to bring cremation under all tho provisions of the Cemeteries Act of 1890 which regulate the closing of cemeteries. It runs as follows:— "The power given to "the Governor in Council by section forty- "thrcc of tho Cemeteries Act 1890 to "direct the discontinuance of burials in "any cemetery . . . after a time mcn- "tioned in such order shall ejitend to and include the discontinuance of cremation "therein"; arid the provision is enforced by the same penalties. Moreover, the Bill requires trustees of a . cemetery to give a month's notice of their intention to erect a crematorium. Tho residents of the locality would therefore have time to enter their protest, if necessary.- It is in teresting to note that in his last report the secretary of the Cremation Society of Great- Britain places the average cost of the actual burning over a number of cases at thirty shillings, and states that if the practice were more general the average, ex pense would ho much- less, as the furnace would in that event not >equire to he re heated for each case. The actual burning costs less than the actual burying. The secretary states, in addition, that the fur nace in. the crematorium reduces a body in an hour and a half to' fpur pounds weight "of white ash. This touches the main point of the whole question, which is that "graveyards 'arc a menace to the "commonweal," as a distinguished authori ty .has said. Pasteur, has shown that earth retains, instead of destroying, the germs of disease. The Parisian Cemetery of Pere la Chaise was held by the Academy of Medicine .to bo "a hotbed of disease.'-' Sir Lyon Plfiyfair. attributed Roman fever to "the decaying bodies of the millions "buried in ;tlie Eternal City." In Den mark a Sanitary -Commission three years ago condemned G05 graveyards out of 650 examined. That "four pounds weight of "white ash" is the best argument in favor of cremation. The strongest objection to tlie best hy gienic method of dealing witli the dead is tho encouragement it may give to murder. The Bill provides safeguards which seem adequate. Firstly, it forbids cremation outside of cemeteries under a penalty up to £500, Then it attaches certain condi tions to the granting of permission by tlie cemetery trustees for cremation, viz., the production of two certificates of death- one by the medical man who attended the deceased, the other by the health officer of the district; the former contairiing par ticulars and duration of illness, length of times, of attendance on and personal knowledge of dcccnscd, and identification, tiiq other giving various details of official knowledge. These regulations will cer tainly prove a formidable deterrent to. tho would-be poisoner. The Bill seems suffici ently well designed to he accepted ns tho menus for introducing nnd regulating the most wholesome of all methods of dispos ing of tlie dead without injury to the in terests or sentiments of tlie living. The Russian Imperial Rescript, recently published, ends one chapter of Mus covite history, and tlio Russo-Gcrmnn diplomatic friction nt Constantinople opens another. Russia has at the end of tho first reached tlie Pacific Ocean nt Talicnwan, nnd hopes by tlio end of tho second to establish herself on tlio Indian Ocean, somewhere on the Persian Gulf. Botli aro what tho Rescript frankly des cribes as tlie "traditional policy" of Rus sia. Tho establishment at Talicnwan is, by a euphemism essentially Muscovite, ascribed to "the friendly attitude and wise "policy" of tho Chinese Government, and the object of tho diplomacy at Constanti nople is to induce the German Chancellory to favor tho traditional policy of Russia in a similar manner. There is "friction" at Constantinople, it is true; hut that is not necessarily discouraging to Russia, bc: cause there wns friction at Pokin before Talicnwan became Russian by "lease." The movement which has just brought. Russia to tlio Chinese littoral began in 1581, three centuries ago, when General Ycrmak crossed the Ural Mountains and plunged into the wastes of Siberia. No mountain ranges or other natural obstacle intervening, the conquest wns rapid, and by 1030 the Russians wero established on tho shores of tho Sea of Okhotsk, and twelve years later they discovered Beh- ring Strait. It lias been pointed out by a recent Russian writer thn.t this crossing of Asia in fifty-five years compares favor ably with tho American crossing from At lantic to Pacific, which took two centuries, and with the Australian crossing from Bass Strait to tho Arafura Sea, which was not accomplished till nearly a century after tho arrival of tho first colonists. Much more could he said about the com parison, and to tho credit of tho Anglo- Saxon performances, but the important point is that, history proves tho Rus sian capacity for rapid conquest. The Bamo thing lias been demonstrated in our own time, for in the last forty years the Russians have swept from tho shores of the Caspian, across the Central Asian steppes, to the Pamir plateau, annexing the Tartar Khanates in their passage, and returning to the East the compliment of invasion which Tamerlane paid tho West five centuries ago; with, we may add, far hotter results to humanity. These are the two great transcontinental move ments of the Russians in pursuance of their "traditional policy." The Im perial Rescript writes "Finis" to. the first, and gives its blessing to a further develop ment of Russian policy in the Far East, wliieh is to begin by absorbing Manchuria through the medium of military settle ments under the protection of a large army of occupation. The rest of tho world is asked to be satisfied with "free access" to the new. ports in the Chinese waiters. . The second transcontinental -movement' requires, it has been found, a commercial outlet by Persia to the Indian Ocean. But on thus turning aside Russia finds the way in danger of being barred by the de velopment of tho Eastern policy of Ger many. Early in the current month tlie Russian Press was, urging that -the rim-.- patient patriotism -of Russia felt the want of commercial outlets, and was insisting on obtaining a route for Russian merchan dise through Persia to the Indian Ocean. At the same time it cautioned public opinion that in official circles the idea .was that nothing ought to be done until after the absorption of Manchuria. In all pro bability tlie Russian Press was told tq agitate tho nearer question -without dis- turhirig matters in tho Far East. The. sudden and firm stand of Russian diplo macy at Constantinople shows that Gcr- riiany has nearly forestalled the Russian project for getting to the Indian Ocean. It has been known since the German Kai ser's visit to the Sultan that Asiatic Tur key is the happy hunting ground of Ger man officials and commercial agents. But the discovery that negotiations arc nearly complete for a railway concession in the Euphrates Valley to a German syndicate must be recent. It is enough to account for the diplomatic friction between Russia and Germany at Constantinople. It may also go some way towards explaining the visit of the French Foreign Minister t« St. Petersburg. 