NOTES. Appended is a clever and sug gestive epigram from the pen of a genial student of human na ture. It is the fruit of much cogitation upon the puzzling problem of why so many un finished match games are sent to adjudication. "Among the many merits of chess, one of the chief is that it provides a philosophic inquirer with . innumerable studies in diseased egotism." The "Jewish Chronicle" states that Steinitz was about 20 years of age wHien he went to Vienna. He was then preparing, to gradu ate in a technical school. He stood very high in mathematics; but, as a consequence of his de fective eyesight, he failed to pass his examination in drawing and in mineralogy. So he he came a journalist, obtaining an appointment on the staff of one of the leading. Vienna news papers. This engagement the state of his eyesight compelled him to give up. At the opening, a few weeks ago, of the eleventh season of (he Ardwick Chess Club, the president, Dr. A. Wahltuch, delivered an address, in which he compared the chess of the modern school with the chess favoured by Morphy, and strongly advocated the adoption of the latter style. Brilliant chete depended on one of three things — genius, unequal strength, and blunders. On lookers enjoy quick moving, sacrifices, and surprising mates. Dr. Wahltuch concluded by urging ' his fellow-members to play chess for pleasure; never to lose their tempers; and to consider all games, whether won or lost, as fresh Unks of friend p between themselves and their opponents. Appended is a fine sonnet by Mr. Herbert Tourtcl, published in a recent number of the "New Zealand Mail," under the title, "Checkmate":— "With eager glance and cautious touch The players watch Ui' em battled board: Nations in council rarely such Deliberation dare afford. " Indifferent waits the Royal Lord The onset; trembling over much, To join far issues in accord A Pawn creeps forward an its crutcb. Then Bishops cross the eheq uered ways, Then bravely spurs the agile Knight, Then moves One where She will in state. Full oft the Pawn disaster stays. The Castle stalks to left, to Dntifthf the wing receives his mate." The "Otago Witness" pub lishes an interesting account ot a chat in London between Steinitz and an old friend, Dr. Hdnemann, formerly of Dun edin. Asked bow he could ac count for losing to Lasker, the veteran replied:—"Young blood, my dear friend; but be has not yet beaten my record of winning the whole of the game* in a tournament of 17 play era. Lea ker has original ideas, hut does not make-tue game a scientific study, and, unless he changes, will never he the founder ot a. new school of players." Asked whether playing with superior opponents conduced to improve ment more or less than playing with inferior, Steinitz said.— "To play with a master to de cidedly best. He to able to , show pop things which it would he impossible for anyone bat a naster to point out," adding, as an after-thought:—*Tlay not with the mere object of win ning, hut rather with the view of 'observing how the master loadlmcerwinattscks and de feneet-^-ln short, with fhe in tention of learning." Asked for his opinion as to how Js nowaky was likely to fare in his msctdi with Inudcer, Kteimtz answered"He has not t ghost of a chance of winning, to a twjjnugj«ptwho^ew to the WW of study Jog problems, with a view to ^prorement in play. "Waste said the von wfsh to1 broOme an expert to mlytog problans, wait tBl the aototton tobefore you/torf D^Jook at the principle in volved. If yoa do that for air 