flilTEBIATllMI LITERARY GOSSIP. Bosnia is a country which still remains almost a terra Incognita to the ordinary traveller. The Intelligent reader may know something of Its locality, and a little abou: Its hrstory, but lie will confess that the characteristics of the people are an uiirevoal- od pnge. The collection of sketches which, under the title of Selnin, have -bcuii Inclu ded In Jnrrohl's Colonial Library, will help to remedy this: Ignorance. . Their accuracy may be accepted,"' as the author, Mtlcaa Mrnzovlc, claims nil -Inherited attachment, to these provinces, and offers "this bunch ot modest flcld flowers culled In far oft valleys and on lonely heights" ns an attempt to afford an insight Into thc son) of an unknown and tho'refoa'e.dcsplsed raco. 'The halt dozen or so short tales which the volume contains are distinctly. Interesting, , both from their novelty and tlie dramatic Incidents depicted. One gains a glimpse of a people who have lived for. centuries under Turkish tyranny without losing:. their national spirit. Their habits nnd customs are widely different from l those which prevail under more pro- sale conditions, but the main 'elements of human nature are still discoverable. "Kmln's Luck" gives a most curious Insight Into the facilities of divorce; wliicli Mnhomotnii iaiv allows. A ..Mahometan husband has tho right to annul'liis legal innrrlage 1/y tile act ot "easting off." , This -feasting oft" can be either "ridschll," revocable, or "bain," Irre vocable. In the latter. case the word must be uttered three times or -tlio number "three" be named. Every act of "cnstlng off" may also he associated with the naming of a con dition or future perlod of time; lu which case the marriage remains valid until that con dition or. period of time he rcaehpil. Should the husband desire to take lmck his "bain" cast off wife tills can. only he accomplished by her marrying some other man, and being "bain" east off by him; - The explanation Is necessary to understand. how the' love diffi culties of Emln and his relatives are. ulti mately straightened oat. All thc Durvlsii Il lustrates the mystical -fanaticism of the race, while the Match Making Fcriuljiili is of a humorous r tendency: The story of Ahla is one; of pathetic self siicrltlcc, and Yussuf's Asliyklil; of woman's calloiisiiess nnd deceit. Itorn Out cf Time and Mnhinud Balm are sad in'. couccipMon, but a Bosnian Snmlriunldc possesses all the. qualifications of strange and mysterious romance. These sketches of Bosnian life can be -recommended to loaders who are pleased to wander sometimes off the beaten track. Tliejrunslatlon ftom the Ger man lias been ; done by ; Mrs! 'AVaugh (Ellis Wright), who furnished the English version of Miliums Jolcnl's "Green Book." "C'lissvlTs Mbgazine," for August has an abundance of Action, innd popular taste ds ca-' terod for wlitli ah much .variety as Is pos sible. Guy Boothby's sltory, "A Maker of Nations," Is the serial, and tho present la- s'tolmen't develops the very improbable plot a 'degree or two further. The supply of this kind of writing presupposes a demand, but in e'lod raait; In llitemtu re does not rise to any higher' Uevei of artilsHc exee'neiice than It does on the sl'nge. The Blioitt stories exhibit a sll'tniJar tendency to suorlflee everything to sensatllon. Moifley ltoberfs, in "The Doctor of lllie Swni'ii," Is iiuiltntive -of Kipling, hut wlt'hout his grip. The abducted amiiassailer, ii'lfo Is kldifti'pped by a French Duke, In order to prove Ito Elm t'lia't Hie French duel docs uot always deserve the sneer at Its harm- lossncss, belongs 'to the . oa tegory of 'the hiinioTousTy absurd. "At lilie Same Table," by Aiulrcnv lfnilesltone, Is more ordlnaiy in character, 'bu't '"The Itcd Speck," by Fred. M. WliPtc, snakes ' ample; ainemls for this lapse Into the commonplace. It seems that there. 13 , a specky spider- like a split pea, red and hairy, ivStli t'wo tlny beady eyes, and several legs, like black- tlirend, whose hlto dries up iflhe veKscfls -of the blood nud pro duces an agony of Vd 01 1 riant that cnn-'only faintly he Imagined. - A traveller. In Mada gascar Us captured by a black Princess, whose love lie had scorned when she was a ah-cus pci'tormer fln Pauls, and she condemns 'him Ito u Itoriiriflc 'daalth by torture through fllie means of theise tusc'dfs. Thc inoldouUs arc a little fliicrcdtljie. so «c may refuse to believe ifihe author avben flic dcclurcs that this spider Is known in 'South 'Australia. Among tilie general articles there is one dealing with flic foiltlhcoming Wmgner festtlvnl at Bay- rcntb. Parsifal, his hist. and, according to some critics, his greatest, avork can be heard In its entirety only atvitnyreulh, nnd the 'Festival Theatre 'Is 'the only hu'lldlng tin tho world w'hlnh J3 So oonstiuotwl as to conform to tllio requilreinonltis of. AV'aguer's ideal. The 'llliis'tration of English pleas will give, a glimpse of Iflhe posslbflirt'las ivhWh n little on torprise 'm'lghlt rcn'lise nt St. Kllda .and Bfllghton. Thcre lmve been proposals In t'hls direction, but they, have never yet taken practical form. In the "Review of Reviews" for August, cricket occupies a very large share of atten tion. The views of C.'B. Fry and A. C. Mnclnron on' the second and third test mat ches will Interest those whose enthusiasm over tlie Australian' performances In England still remains unabated. The Rev. It. Wad- dell writes on tlie Influence of cllmnto on character, especially In relation to New Zen- laud, which he patriotically considers to be specially -favored. In Australia he thinks existence will be divided largely between business and pleasure. Men will run Into work to get a living,, -and run out of It ngulii to rest mid be happy. There Is too much sunshine in Australia, and licncc In such a climate character will tend to become volup tuous and pleasure loving nnd easy going. But the climatic conditions of New Zealand, especially of the South Island, ought to pro duce tlie strongest character physically, In tellectually nnd ethically In Australasia, It Is well that New Zenlandcrs should know what tlioy arc expected to live up to. Mr. W. T. Stead monopolises almost entirely tho Eng lish portion of the magazine. IIo looms larger nnd ever .larger in bis own imagination until be has renlly come to .liellevo that the world hangs breathless on ills utterances. He fills pages over what he litis been doing at Thc Hague to bfltng about universal arbitration, more pages with u character sketch of his association w'ltlb Sir Alfred iMilncr; .he ileitis also with tlie Transvnal trouble on the principle that we may bluff, but must do no more than threaten; then finally lie ridicules thc sup posed revelations about thc Austrian Court lu 'the Martyrdom of an Empress, though tho book Is one written exactly in the style of which he Is 'the Journalistic apostle. Mr. Stead, however, la always Interesting, even If only as a character study himself. "Scrlbner's Magazine" for July contains a number of letters written by Robert Louis Stevenson during Ids stay at Bournemouth from September, 1S84, to August, 1887. Al though, In the matter of health, these were among his worst mill most trying years, they were also, ill the matter of work done, sonic of the most active anil. successful. During tlie first two months of his life at Bournemouth thc two plays. Admiral Guinea and Beau Austin, were written in collaboration with Mr. Ilenlcy. In 1885 he published three volumes, ..viz., "More New Arabian Nlglits," "The Child's Garden of Verse's" nnd "l'rlnce Otto," tlie two latter having been in most part previously written. In 18S0 appeared "The .Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde" anil "Kidnapped," tlie two books which, together with "Treasure Island," did most to win for lilui' funic mid honor. Thc year 1887 was chiefly— with tlie exception of the "Life of Flceining Jcnkln"— ii year of collections and reprints. In It were publish ed "Underwood's," "The Merry Men," "Me mories and Portraits," and "The Black Ar row," In volume form. Tlie letters are full of interest, anil of- that vivid, play of mood and character which never failed lu him, whe ther he was slclc or well. Other articles of Interest arc. mi appreciation of the artistic work of John La Fnrge, who has done many things during n. career of 40 yeurs; a descrip tion of the way In which the foreign mall service Is carried out In New York, and a review . of the causes which - made Daiiloi Webster one of: thc greatest figures 1n Ame rican history. Webster's great service to the country, says Senator Hour— a service second to Hint of Washington alone— Is that he inspired In the people to whom union nnd self-government seemed but a doubtful ex periment the sentiment of nationality, of love of the flag, and a passionate attachment to the whole country. He awoke In tho bo- sonrof his countrymen the conception of na tional unity and national greatness. An ar ticle on Havana. since the occupation shows some of flic difficulties which have to he overcome, "and Which prove that a nation cannot be built in a day. Some descriptions of scenes nnd characters in Mrs. Humphry .Ward's forthcoming book are written by the authoress herself. Here Is the man:— "He Is 32, of good family, with some 'experience' of tho diplomatic anil social world, eccentric and fastidious. Has Inherit ed some money, withdrawn from active life and gflvea hlmseir over to writing, travelling and tho getting of 'experience.' A maker of hooks and phrases. Magnificent 'head and shoulders, sot on a somewhat clumsy mid ungainly frame.'. A. magnetic, brllllnnt, faul ty creature, more attractive to women than to men; But a certiiln force- of genius— wlilch Is not unlovable— makes bim Incapable of subordination and concentration." This is oqe of the women: — "Fragile, sym pathetic, plaintive.: Not handsome, lint channlng— beautiful eyes.. Grace in mind and movement. Intellectual mid rcspoiisJve- . . . . Beneath tile outward grace, nnd plain tive sweetness there is a passionate and' fevered stnto.1 . Mrs. . Ward sums : up the hook as follows:— "The book will he a pure love story with— In Its framing anil atmosphere— ifs tnucli sug gestion as possible, without set (rescript ions, and without nhtlqunrlanlsui, of the great ghosts liml the great ideas that .meet lu Rome.'.'. But-very, little of t'he action passes la Rome. Rome is n near haunting presence. Tho vast villa, with Its bare rooms anil tor- raced garden, the weeds of Allmno and the slopes ot the Tusculum form the main set ting." : : . ' . 