ETursery ILccidcnts. When anything gets into the eye the eye should be widely opened by the finger and thumb of tbe left hand of ' be operator, while the little object can then be temoved on the corner of a handkerchief by the right hand. If it is inside the upper lid, however, a pencil or darning-needle must be placed flat upon the upper eyelid about half-an-inch above the lashes, and the lashes are then drawn upwards^ while the pencil is kept steadily pressed against the eyeball, and the patient told to look down. If there is anything in the eye the lid should be kept closed, and the affected eye should not be rubbed; but sometimes it is a good plan to rub the other eye, causing an increased flow of tears, by which means the object may be got rid of ; and blowing the nose will also sometimes draw the tears that way and help its removal. Cold water or cold tea may then be applied to subdue any inflammation. Idme, mortar, or plaster in &e; eye are very dangerous, but if seen directly after the accident they should be treated by syringing with cold weak vinegai and water. If some time has passed by olive oil should be applied. The child should be put to bed, and a doctor sent for as soon as possible, to ascertain the an^ount of tbe injury. Children will often push some little object up the nose or into tbe ear, and this is best left till the surgeon can re move it, although it may (sometimes bG got out by a loop of fine, wire, or by syringing; but it must be remembered that a very delicate membrane, called the drum of the ear, is stretched across tbe end of the outer canal, which is only about an inch and a-quarter long, and that If the nozzle of the syringe Is pushed in too far, or the syringing is too forcible, or if the syringe Is put iii in sueh a way that it interferes witli the water flowing out, this mcmbrand may be ruptured, AVhleh often leads tc deafness. It is particularly Important never to syringe the ear or nose if a pea l bean, or. other substance of that kind is in it, as the water will cause these bp swell gmd lessen the chance of get : ting them out easily. A box on the ear or the firing. of a heavy gun will sometimes rupture the irum, and then a sort of humming soun^ is beard like that of a sea-shell placed against the ear. A drop of glycerine may .be very carefully dropped into thq sar,- or a little piece of wool put in very lightly at the orifice to break any vibrations of sound. Poisoning.—Children are so curious as to the contents of various cupboards, bottles, &e.;, that it Is viery necessary to be on one's guard against poisoning. All poisonous articles should be put high above their reach, and their tendency to Investigate the contents of dottles should be checked. I know of one. case in whiel: i baby of 2 years of age died from the effects of drinking nearly islf-a-pint of raw brandy. Should such i thing happen, and the child take an overdose of alcohol in this way, the »cst thing; is to make it sick by "giving it a dose of mustard and water or nckling the throat with a" feathc-r. Tbe ittle ones should hot be allowed to suc-k :he paint off their toys. It sometimes happens, however, that i child, owing to carelessness or Ignorance on the part of Its nurse, accidentally takes poison. In this case, of ;course, treatment chiefly, depends on «vhat has been taken, if it is possible tc ascertain tills; but if you do not know jwhat the poison is, administer olive oil, : linseed oil, or salad oil, and barley water, copiously. If a .poison makes a child sleepy, or Insensible, or very excited and delirioas. give an snietic at once, and this should also be ,ione if there is pain in the stomach, iccompanied by vomiting and diarrhoea. A tablespoonful of salt In warm water. >r half the quantity of mustard, or a iessertspoonful of Ipecacuanha wine, in i little less than a tumblerful of warm water, acts powerfully ; or the throat 'should be tickled with' the finger or a feather.— : By a new French law any one touna guilty of revealing the contents of a private letter will be punished, with imprisonment for six days tliert^/m to be inareased where the -jpeiiins of tlie letter is not accidental, even if the contents have not been divulged. Theatrical Item.—" Do you think that as a rule people who attend theatres arc superstitious ?" " Do I think so ? I know it. I have seen people sit for an hour waiting for a ghost to walk." " For that matter the actors themselves often wait longer than that." " Home Notes." 