ANOTHEIl MEtBl IlSlTER tifew.. SOME ORIGINAL, AMUSINfe,.:AND. PATHETIC RgMlNiSCENCES'. ? There is , Sri, .intetestirig iiiustrated Iri tefview with KldMirie Melba- iri -the January number of ,th;e' '/Strand .Magazihe.' Though sb'ine of ttie matter iiecessafiiy' appeared iri the; priml-dbrimv.9 ': autobiography, which was:, republistied, in Lih.ese. 'columns from London. 'M.A.P.';: some, few nidnths ago; . therer is . niudh- th'at is. altpgeth.fer .^original, aind1 which ^yill- bq&.t; repetition.- Iiete. ..After 'rete'rring';.to'' ttio^Uufebet.. of, ceiebriUcs— both lit:e^;aVy..^Q^M^ tias.presentea'^pjng *tbrl3,. 'the' wfitefvpro ceeds:— ..-?; ?-, ??'-.:? j:..'. - ?. ,.-.'.'? -'I But Melba stands 'alone. .Towering head and shoulders .'pvbr every other aspirant' to the highest honors' ot 'grand., 'Qpera, the retirement o f Madame FattI irdrri the operatic field tia3 left 'ttier Australian Nightingale' uu . disputed ruler of an,,., empire pro bably the prbufl elt :'ifi tiie sfls Of t h i.s. .,. . .planefs mpst. desirable pp^se'ssibris. Yet tnfese kre, honors ;.iiecpiriiri^ly arid graciously wbrii by ..one^ ... .^jib^ scarcely a deeaile ago, was . little more, tfiari ,.& nariie1 tb the pS trp'ris. . arid... su p- pprters of tile ptiera'. ; ... ....,, ,As Isit;in her 'salpritd-day,. arid caat,-itli. this queeriiy wdfriaji, wtipse, great est charm assuredly ' lies' in her „ ^tdrisideratib'ri for others,. I wdnder whether; she, eyer. recalls that little .v^hite-.rdbed, girl (tiersejif ) . . wtip, in far-off Melbourne, in the dead .of nigtit, startled her. patents arid, brought, them downstairs try tier ' playiiig of Beettidven's 'Mponlight Sonata.' r Itrss a^re'ttj' Stpry; with a.Rrctticr sequel. _ For the parerits; of that .littie. jfeirl had noi .ttie .heart ,tb .ctiiafe ttieir offspring for her. ''precocity,' (tliat. unmeaning 'vVord in wiiich' ttie b'egiiinihffii bf nieriiiiii iite s'o bfteri cbricfikled): -but rk tlier .did;(they.cqax'-tiHer b'a^k.tb iji5'd'astney marvelisid ..dyer-, what -they... ... had ..hear.a.. Surely tjiey must, t .even „. at t that early aay, have tiad some.- fairit-gliriiiiiering-o'f the ril tvire in storjs for ttie;ctsitfing. prima donna ! '. ;I. was' interested to find that' the subject of this interview can trace .ttie gift of music 'jBptii . dri the ibaterriai and; paternal side or trie house.., To- this day tier father slnga in the local choir, and his daughter told me etie well reirierabereci his voice as a deep bassb of beatitlful titribre., He has alwkyis been, .passioilately fdrid of music, and lss, in addii'i.bri' to, his. vpcal talent (to quote til| daugliter's dsyri expression), ''a^fiddler. 6t pd mean ability.' Madame Melba speaks in the most affectionate teriris of both her parents. Her riicther died while the great singer was in her tee'ris', tiiit Meibd btie'r ishes many sweet recollections of her. 'She was a natural artist — not as regards music only, for one reiriembers it in the general expressiori of her life. She was, aruorig other tliifags, a ctiarining painter oil china, arid the .dessert- service still in riSc at tipriie . was. decorated by her brush.' . . Thus, finding that the Australian singer inherits the gift of song from either side df her family, I inquired whether this pas sion for inusic did not begin tb take shape at a vdry tedder age. '.'In illustration that that was so,' she answered, 'I remember once our family inovlrig into 'Winter quarters' at one df 'my father's butiying stations. I was ten years pld, at the tinie, but I know I felt furious,; on, arrival, to find that there was no piano in the house. My gentle mother consoled me with the gift of a concertina, which I taugtit riiyself to play during ttifc three .months , ttiat; we' . reinaiijed , there i In those' sequestered places, in the case bf country houses very far removed from a church or chapel, it is custbiriafy for a clergyman or lay preacher .to cbrhe along on Sundays ? arid preach to the family, the servants, and station hands— often quite a. large congregation, particularly at shear irig time. . , . . .. 'One Sunday— I ^as then, pernaps, thirteen years old — we were visited by a worthy man. v;h'b. chanced tp be a par ticularly ,pocfr preacher. At . , the cpnetu siori of his Very Jong, arid (as., we children thoiigtit) .spnieWnat wearisome discpur.se, tie suggested th'at we . sHouldtsing a hymn. ?Th'ere wiis, a1 hrirnloriiurii in the rdb'm, and my mother asked me to play a familiar hymn. I accordingly seated myself, but, in revenge for having been so bored, I played — tp the horror of some and the secret de light bf dttiers— a. inusic-h'alT ditty which' had -succeeded in penetrating, our wilder ness ! it was called,: 'You Should See Me Dance the. Polka.' In the sequel, I. received the well-merited punishment of being' sent to bed for the remainder of the day.. . .,,„ , 'It rniist. tiave been about the end of tiie same year that I had, what I thought at tne time, a. very fearsome adventure indeed ! It happened at Melbourne. I was' learning to play the organ, and I had. permission occa sionally, to practise on the great organ !ri the Scots Church. Late one afternoon j ceased playing and fell into a reverie. Wh?ri, at -last I proceeded to leave, the church,. I found, to iny horror, I was locked in ! My playing having ceased for some time,; the sexton had concluded I was gorie, arid ,tiad. locked the church and left. You cannot conceive the agdtiy. of. mind I en dured. The church was .yery dark, and the pulpit and altar. in ttieir grey dust-cloths looked, tb my frigtitened imagination, like mpnstrous ghosts. What should J do ?..... At. last ttie, sexton returned— ^by. the mefes;t chance he had fprgbtteri sbniethirig, whicn tie came back to fetcti, and so I pbtained my release..' ? . ...... , ? .. I asked the priiria ddrina wtietfier she. has ever experienced the exciteinent and dariger cf a theatre fire. 'Yes, on two occasions,' she told me; 'iri San Francisco and In London. -In both cases the danger was happily averted.. At Coverit Garden the outbreak actually happened on the stage during i performance of 'Faust,' and the purtairi tiafl to be rung dowri. I chanced, to be in .the 'wings' at the. time, and. while they were battling 'with the flames behind the curtain, I came iri front arid begged the' people to remain, seate'd. Fortunately that most terrible of calamities, a theatre panic,, was .averted. ..As soon as I found inyse'lf behind ttie scenes once more I com mitted the weakness of fainting.' There hjave, been nqt, unnaturally.,, spiric striking incidents connected witti Meltii's enormous popularity at .the. Paris .Opera House. There is one of them, however,, tp which a pathetic interest attaches by reason of the comparatively recent death, of Ma dame Carnot, who figured in' it in .very sympathetic fashion. The opera was 'Lucia di Lammermoor' — one of Melba's greatest if riot her, very greatest assumptions. It happened that the terior(, Monsieur, Cossira, arrived at the Opera House feelins very unweil; but apparently recovering before the .opera began, he decided to go on. Egrly iri the first act. however, he. almost lost his voice I .When it came to the duet with Lucia in the first act, it utterly failed hlin. Ttie prima donna, frill of sympattiy for his difficulty, for a time, sang his. music ks well as her own; but ultimately the curtain had to.be rurig down, and for a few moments it Appeared as though ttie performance could riot proceed, since— surely a thing unpre cedented at the Paris Opera House — Mon- sler Cassira , .. was not, provided with an understudy... . As luck would have it, though, among the audience was 1(1. EngeJ, who had sung the part with Melba; riot long before,' in Brus sels. Grasping the situation, he went be. b,ihd the scenes arid proffered his services, whicti were- gladly arid gratefully accepted. The performance proceeded, and for seve ral nights thereafter M. Engel sang the part. ' , 'At the close of the evening,'- added: Madame Melba, in telling me of the .inci dent, .'Madame Carriot sent for me. It was during Monsieur Carnot's reign at the Ely see, arid so his wife was pecupyiris tne Presidential . box at., the _ opera. B^iri^ a woman of very quick perception, Madame Carriot had .observed my efforts at covering the confusion p£, rrjy po.or . colleague. . Lean never, forget: tier. kind, wprds tp me then, ripr ,shall; T. Readily foTget, the .sb'r'f owl Jeli '$it,efy$ii;as on hearing the news' df Presi dent Carnp.t!s terrible end, arid of her own death sulise'q'fieritiy:' ..: _._.- .'?„ .' . '. By thb .time this , interview arrears In print, Madamb, Meiba. ,wiil .be in the thicic of tier fifth visit to the United States. Her previous operatic tours of the American Continent have been full' of varied arid in teresting experiences. One of tfae: nibst ctiaracteristic, 'Melba s.tories' that I know dates frprii her. last tour but one. It .was at St.. Louis,. where, thanks' tb a late train, the diva arid tier , company arrived, only a very little ... time before the hour fixed for the commeuceriient. Ttiere, was,, in, factj bpiy just tiirie fof the artists tb make for their respective dres3ing-roolns. But MelBa., looking down from a coign of vantage itito ttie orchestra, observed, to her disuiky and annoyance, that her musicians Were in morning dress. She. promptly, sent, for .the chef d^brches'tra. The\\.ppor man expdstu-. lkted, remonstrate.d; . they had but a few minutes before corne off. ttie cars; tliere was no time, &c.; But Melba was firm. 'If. the gentlemen of my orctiestra do not choose to appear in everilrig dress, I shall refuse to, go on the stage: 1 Owe' a duty to the public as weJi a^'tq riiyself.' This in.exqr.able inandat.e .had its. effect, arid the inusicians were soon seen filing out of the orchestra, tb return a: few minutes later; suitably clad in the evening, garb of cpmparatiye. civilisation.. Then the cdftain rose arid .th'e. opera commericed — oiily. a very little behind time. The incident did not, however, pass ynrecogriis.ed. The critics of the P.reSs tiad seen thb riiusiclaris disappear and. reappear/ and correctly surmising the cause, of. ttieir 'quick -change,' the result was -a series of . graceful vlj,ttle articles in the St. Loiiis papers compltriientirig the ?p*ppular fo\\-prite upon tier sense of the fit ness b£ tliiriga. ? i ? An iugiderit. witliout precedent on. the cpnc.ert. stage rbarked the great cdricer.t whicti Mciba give, kt ttie Albert Hail, .pri November 2, to Gighaiise. tier departure for her. . present transV Atlantic tour. Of , the three principal pavfonriprs— i.e., Madatoo Melb4 herself, Miss Ada Crossiey, the codt tfaltd, arid . Mr. Joliann Kruse, the solo violinist— all were riot only Australians, but Victorians by birth. Iininediateiy after. her few, but brilliant appearances at Coven't Garden last, season, Madamo' Melba . . rented, a . . . charmingly situated house, called. 'JTerniey,' near .the river at Maidenhead.. Here she entertained many friend^, including Haddbri Ctiainbei's arid Mr. Bertram1 Ml^nrial. It will be In terestins tO'i'pur readers that the last named ..distinguished, com patriot of Madame iielba's is oxecutlns a bust of the diva, which slie has decided to present to the Public Library of, Melbourne. A bust pi ttie Melbourne. Melba, by ttie MelboUrric M'Kennal,. is obviously an artistic event of peculiar interest. ._ _ ? .Far and away the most in tejestirig .epi sode o'f ttie stay at' Fer'nley. was a visit, which the prima donna and sdme members of her house party paid to the grave of tiie poet Gray in Stoke , Pogis churchyard, Here, it will be reriieriiDered, Gray wfdte tiis beautiful 'Elegy,' arid here, too, Meiba (who, I oini.tted to say, is an accompiis'tied organist, arid often used to play that in strument in the. Scots Church at Mel bourne) expressed a desire to try ttie' organ in the charming old church of Stoke Pogls. Thereby hahss this tale: Ttie. rector, on it being represented to him that 'Madame Melba would likp. to , play ttie organ,' courteously Handed over the riecessai-y keys, and Melba gave' great . pleasure to her audience. of. half a dozen friends by playing -?rid singing for them , a selection of pieces, wtiicti included the 'Gounbd 'Ave Maria,' arid ended, with -the .National Anth'em. Asked bygone of, the party, hpw she; had ep. i'qy'id ..the iiriprdinii.tu .sacred ...coricerl, the old lady whe was in charge of the church; arid whose Services had .been requisitioned tdi b.l,ow. . the organ, . .eattiusi^s'ticaliy. re jdined: 'Oti, it was all beadtifUl; ni'm, bUt 'God Save ttie. Queen' were best -6f dli.' I km reminded of ope. riiore 'Meiba aneeddte.' Two dr three years ago she took a party- of friends to see the^ interior of La Scala, the noble operarhqusfe where many .of her triumphs have been $.on. Throwing open the door of .a. dressing room, their ci.cerone exclaimed: 'This' 13 where the celebrated Melba.' used to dress J' The great singer's' friends , began; to laugh, but she, looking h'a'rd at the man, quietly asked him: 'What ! don't you know me ?' And then this ,806 of Italy perceived tha.t, sans voice and saris' diara'drids -though srie might be, she still was 'Melba.' . . It is, I think illustrative of Madame Melba's large humanity that the siriipler and more sympathetic the anecdote, the bet ter is stie pleased to tell it.- For example, 'one touch of nature' is to her much more than to tell of her many, meetings with Royalty— of her brilliant career as queen or ppefa— of tier iiripressions of. ttie niany great ones of the wbrld into. whose. society she has been ifirbwn. Of tierdebut in opera she readily speaks, for must it not always rank as one of her pleasantest memories ? It occurred at the Brussels Opera House, and at the age. of twenty-two. Nbt at that time knowing French, Melba was permitted to sing in Italian, while the other artists sang French— an unprecedented concession to a debutante on the part of the local cpera authprities. ... On that evening the next box to the one occupied by. some friends and relatives of Madame Melba con tained a lady and gentlemin.. At the close of the flrst act, the latter asTced his com panion as to her opinion of ttie debutante, when the lady was tieard to reply: 'De- butante ! Nonsense ! I heard her in Ma drid ten years ago. -She was an awful failure, and she's forty if she's a. day 2' 'Did ,yoii feel any resentment when you tieard the story ,?' I asked. 'Not in the least,' replied- Madame Melba, laughing merrily, 'albeit in those early days I tiad riot grown accustomed, as, alas ! I have since, to' hearing strangely false reports about myself— reports seme times amazing; sometimes absurd, and sometimes, I fear, malicious. Besides. I was iri far tbo godd a huriior with the public success I had achieved to feel angry; and If the story appears in your article, and the lady sees it, I shall feel amply avenged,' , ,. ... , . :..,-? . An incident in connection with tier first American tour was related to me so feel lingly by the i-rima donna, that ' I must do my best to reproduce it.. I,t occurred in New York* Melba had been practisirigf her part at her. hotel one afternoon... Just as s^he had finished, arid was cdmirig out or her rooms, she encountered a strange lady, whose rooms opened into the same corridor. The unknown approached her, and said: 'Madame I think you would be touched to hear what my little boy said just now. He is lying in bed getting dyer an illness; and when you began to sing he lifted his tiny forefinger arid whispered: 'Hist, mummy ! Birdie !' My interesting visit to Madame Melba terminated with, on rriy.part,.a very natural regret. I carried away with ine an indelible impression — the impression of a queenly woman, an incomparable artist, bearing her unrivalled gifts and her regal position in the world of music with -a simplicity and a womanly modesty which, while un able to enhance their value, add a singular grace and charm to their possession. , And I found it a pleasing reflection that I had been accorded an audience of a queen who is delightfully unconscious of tier sove reignty, and who, everi if robbed, of the gifts which now enchant the world, would still retain those qualities which enchant her. friends — her bright intelligence, her ever-ready sympathies, and her true wo manliness. 