Police Court. Tuesday, January 9. (Before Messrs. C. E. Doyle, Is. T. Keys, and W. Clendinning, J's.P.) Wm. Monaghaii and _vym. Hennes sey, two youths, .were. charged with bathing in view of a public place, on Sundny, •ist.iiistant,:; during /prohibited hours*. ,l< ; „ Both sthe :.accused:;.pleaded guilty, and were.eaclr fine^as:'aiid half cost of.summons,''4s ,iod. Mr. Fitz-.Qerald guaranteed: the fine and ther;lads>:were allowed to ^depart. Reeni^Tamby: -proceeded against Benjamin , Edjnonds Defendant was charged with' having assaulted Hie com plainant"On-:itiie?:-iCayuga:; road, on the night of December 31. "Mn FitzGerald. ■ appeared for the complainant, ' I Defendant pleaded not guilty. Reenie Tambv, .a; cook,presiding at ' Kayflga;v/:deposed :-*:.The.*«-irifoi:mation read-is truej and accused-is" the .person complained of;'I recollect Saturday night,' December 31on -my :\yay home to Kayuga'I' saw tdefendant,.;vabout 50 yards the.oth'er:side :of-the'ironi bridge; I was riding';; thcT>accused:and;another mail were "walking jl.wisliedthcin a Happy New Year as I passed ; accused called"me names and asked who"! was; he called me black <'Macintyre when I told_him who I was ; he had hold of the reins all the-time,and tried to pull me off the pony ; I spurred the pony and galloped away ; I do not know the name of the.other man; accused chased me throwing sticks and stones at me ; this was, about r t.30 ; he called me a dirty black '; I told him if he called me:the name again I would go for the police; he continued to call me names and I returned to Muswellbrook, and made a- complaint to Sergeant Forrest, who'; sent-: Constable Haigh with me as' far as defendant's place; I then went ' straight home; I did nothing to provoke defendant; I was afraid of him. v. To defendant: I was not .drunk ; you did not say good night :to mejl will swear you threw sticks and stones at me ; I did not call you a white — Constable Haigh deposed : I know complainant and defendant; recollect the night of the 31st Dec.; saw the complainant; was in the company of theSergeant at the tiriie; he complained to the Sergeant about defendant and another man ; I went out past defen dant's residence ' with complainant; did not sse defendant then, but saw him in town during the evening; he was not perfectly sober when I saw him ; complainant was sober when he interviewed us. By Defendant : I saw you in Hill's billiard room ; I did not consider you drunk enough to lock you up. - To the Bench: . Complainant is always well conducted when he comes infn fmvn. Benjamin. Edmods,;a farmer,'residing at Ascot, deposed : I am farming for Mr. Campbell ; on the night of.the 31st December we met complainant about 50 or 60 yards over the iron bridge on the Kayuga road-; he said "Good night " to us, and I said " Good night." I turned round to_my mate, and said " it was a blackfellow the language complainant used was not fit lor a human being to hear; we ordered him away, but he would not go ; he was riding and we were- walking; lie fol lowed us for about a mile and a quarter. To the Bench : I did not catch hold of the complainant's bridle, and^ did not interfere with him ; I never spoke to complainant before. Adam Jaeger, a farmer, residing near Mus'.vellbrook, deposed^ I did not see defendant hit complainant, or catch hold of his bridle and hold his horse ; was quite close to him ; complainant came along and said " Good night," and we said " Good night." Defendant then said to me, " He's a blackfellow." Complainant then said, " You're a white ^ ." Defendant replied, " Don't get in a scot, I did not mean any harm." Complainant continued to abuse him and I told him to get away home as we wanted no row ; he would get a bit ahead and we used to stop, but he would come back again ; complainant said several times, " Only for your mate I'd kill you." I heard him call defendant a white . By Mr. FiU-Gerald : Defendant was a little the worse for drink; I think complainant must have had drink, or else he would have gone home; I was quite sober. Complainant, re-called, deposed : It is not true that I used bad language ; I called defendant a white ghost; I had no drink and was perfectly sober. Mr. Fitz-Gerald addressed the Bench contending that no reliance could be placed on the evidence of defendant, that complainant had fairly proved his case, and that complainant was a truthful witness. He thought the case was one which called for the infliction of a severe penalty. The Bench ratired and after consul tation, dismissed the case. A. 11. Lang v II. FMnustoin. Cotn plninnnt applied to hnvo dafondnut ej"Cted from rooms rented by hiui in, iMnrkot Streot. Dufondant objected to the informa tion on tlio ground thnt the place was dotnclifld and not part of tho houao, and stated that his rent was paid up to dato. Tho Bench overruled tlxo objection Alox. Robert Lang;, deposed : I have heard the information rend, it is true; I gave defendant notice to quit my premises ; defendant come lo me nnd routed the shop from week to weolc, the rent lo be paid evory Mon dayjnorning ; I agreed to rent it to him at 7s per weelc; ho did not l.uow whether sufficient inducement would bo offered to keep him in town ; I wished him to leave tho premises and served him with a notice to quit, but made an on or in the date and lie ig nored if ; I sent another notice on tlio 26th December; defendant said he would not leave the premises, and I said I would use the law to put him out Henry Bloustein, (sworn with, hat on) a watchmaker, residing in Muswellbrook, and defendant in the case, deposed : The last week in Oc tober I arrived in Muswellbiook and took a shop oil Mr, Lang for 3 months; he said no one had over paid him any rent for the shop previously, and he wanted his rout paid every Monday; I have paid the rent every week up till last week ; I told com plainant th it as soon .as the three months wns up I should get a stiop up the town ; I received first one notice of which I took no notice; the second notice expired on January 'he 2nd, when Mr. Ling culled for the rent on that date I said to him, " about that notice, I have premises btif ciariot eatei; thorn before the end of the month lie said, " Well pay me extra rent and stop on;" I s.iiii I'd see him hanged first, and told him he was trying ro fix me in a corner ; he walked away, and o minutes nfter~ wards I called him back and sail we can talk thi-t quietly ovor ; I c.iu'd put 1 my things in the street ; I have a lot of repairs belonging to people in the country, and if they heard I was out of the shop they might bo running to the police to find out what had become nf ino; if it w isn't for that I would have taken them to my private resi dence; I asked him if he had change of a pound to take the rent; he said he had not ; I paid him the rent on Thursday ; I am put to a lot of incon venience and expense in having to got another shop. To Complainant: There wis sooii mention about 8 months; tlio rent was paid every Monday. Defendant asked to be allowed^ to the end of the following-week to quit the premises. Complainant agreed to an order" which was mnde Cor the 21st inst. 