The Mystery of Craven's Party. Bv C. E. DOWELI.. fortf-HE exploration of strange regions glllj lias always had a fascination for yf? fearless, adventurous men, de "J,' sirous of fame and possessing a craving for excitement; and many have journeyed with an intrepid spirit and bright hopes into the Unknown, and some have never returned. More than one Government party has been swal lowed up and left no trace behind, and parties despatched by private enterprise have been lost among the desert sand hills and the swamps, or have returned thinned in numbers, starving and bleed ing, and bound down by the chains of dreary failure and disappointment. Others have returned elated with success, and related (ales of suffering and weary wanderings ere the goal was reached. Undeterred, expeditions have gone out in succession, filled with the certainty of glorious success and making light of, or ignoring, the possibility of failure. When Barlow and his ten companions turned their faces north-west eich man was filled witli determination and hope. Never before, it was said, had an expedi tion been so well equipped, and the leader had his followers' confidence and respect and shared their hope, and though a quiet, unassuming man was experienced as a leader and possessed indomitable energy, perseverance and courage. For two weeks the party journeyed rapidly forward, and it was like one long picnic to the work-hardened ex plorers. But one day the expedition passed the last tree and plunged into a silent waste, where the horses and camels sank deep into the fine sand, tor mented by insects and the heat, and staggering under the heavy loads it was necessary for them to carry. On the fourth day of travel through this desert one of the poor animals col lapsed under the strain, and Barlow brought the expedition to a rocky line of low hills and ordered a week's rest. Wells were dug, good water obtained, and the party again set forth refreshed and prepared to face whatever lay iu front. Soon a dreary, impossible swamp stretched before them, and a weary detour was made. Then another desert was crossed, sandy like the first and strewn with gnarled boulders, and here vegetation fouud no existence. The re maining sheep were killed and the ex pedition pushed on. Through swamps and over wildernesses of desert, and wastes of never-ending sandhills, where the sun blazed with unbearable fury, and no living thing could exist, thirsting and worn out, but with eyes turned straight ahead, Barlow and his party proceeded on their woy, unaware that they were taking much the same route as that of an expedition which had set out ten years before and gone to swell the army of the lost, for not one member ever re turned. Barlow was nearing a high rocky range, bristling with volcanic peaks. Beyond that barrier, he hoped, were the rich, grassy plains and abundant rivers of which he had thought and dreamed for years, and the presence of these, somewhere north, he regarded as certain. The possibility of whites inhabiting this country of his dreams he considered most unlikely. Gilbert Barlow, though in most respects a practical man of the world, clung strenuously to this belief respecting a hidden country of large extent, and he had organised bis expedition for the express purpose of ascertaining the truth of his theory. But many weary days of travel yet lay before the adventurers. At last two of the horses were killed and the flesh dried, and Barlow, startled at the rapid decrease of the stores, sent two men back to bring up fresh supplies. Their comrades gave them a feeble cheer, and watched their departure until they became dots on the horizon. On again through the awful solitudes, tormented by thirst, for the supply of water was very precarious, dazzled by mirages, which receded as the party ad vanced, and suffering more at every step. After four months weary travel Barlow found himself within forty miles of the range, and at dusk one night pitched his camp among some sand Hills. Wearily they dug a well and dranlr deeply of the water as it slowly oozed up. Then, stretching their aching limbs on the sand, oppressed by the awful loneliness, the explorers talked monotonously in low tones of what they had accomplished and of what remained. The night wag pleasantly cool, and millions of stars twinkled calmly in the great dome of the skies, and a full tnoon shed its pale light upon the wanderers, perhaps in faint surprise that human beings should penetrate so far into such a land of barren desolation. The horses and camels, or rather the few that re mained, stood or by about the well, waiting patiently to satisfy their thirst, or aimlessly wandering about in search of the rcant herbage. Suddenly every man sprang to his feet in amazement. Borne on a puff of hot air came the sound of voices talking loudly ; but not a word could they hear distinctly, for the rattle' of cart wheels and harness and the grunting of camels confused the words uttered. Nothing conld be seen, either, for the expedition was encamped among the sand-ridges, which stretched in billowy confusion on either side. It was awesome and startling to hear those sounds coining faintly across the desert, when, to the explorers strict belief, no Europeans were within hundreds of utiles. " Well I'm d d !" said one of the men, as he dropped to the ground, over come with astonishment at this extra ordinary incident. Meanwhile the sounds were dying away, and soon not a murmur flould be distinguished. Without a word Harlow picked up a rifle, and, running up a steep sand-hill, peered eagerly around. Owing to the forma tion of the country, however, his range of vision was limited, and he returned to his companions bewildered and puzzled. That another party was pur suing the same investigations as himself was improbable, he felt, but certainly possible. Tormented by doubt the leader de termined to reach the goal, if possible, before liis apparent competitors, and started at dawn without milking any search for the tracks of the supposed party, or otherwise attempting to solve the mystery. Throughout their slow advance that day Barlow and his com panions kept a careful lookout, but the sun again dropped behind the grim, black range before them, and they were still in douht. ISagerly they listened for a repetition of the last night's strange incident, and with indescribable awe and and surprise their ears again absorbed the sounds which, on the previous night, had roused their curiosity ; and, evi dently, the party which occasioned the noise was passing the explorers, though liidded behind the great sand-billows of the desert. " We must find out who they are, men !" exclaimed Barlow. " Shout for all you're worth !" They shouted till their dried lips cracked, and the echoes multiplied the sounds, until it seemed to the exhausted men as though the spirits of the desert were mocking their efforts. They at last desisted from thei.- vain efforts, and again the solitude and quiet were unbroken. The mysteri ous travellers had passed ou, and their voices were lost in the distance. Barlow attributed the manifest uneasiness of their beasts of burden to the noise they had been making or the vicinity of others of their species. One of the men thought of Leichhardt, and of the ill fated expedition with which Craven had passed into oblivion, and shuddered at the grim theory suggested by the thought that their phantoms traversed the desert, restless and accursed. Bar low, though his own theories were un real and far-fetched occasionally, smoked his pipe and listened with a feeling of scornful amusement to the fanciful, vague conjectures expressed by his com panions, and sought out from the tangle of thought some more suitable solution of the problem. At dawn, with two companions, he pressed on, leaving the others to travel more leisurely. After several futile casts over the desert in search of tracks the man who was leading gave a cry and dismounted close by something white lying on the sand. The heat-haze and the glare made it appear indistinct, and not until he was within a few yards did he see that it was a human skeleton, bleached to a spotless white, probably the remains of a roan who hod died alone and in agony, with not a fellow creature in sight, and the crows hover ing aloft awaiting his last moment with greedy interest. A few fragments of clothing still clung to the skeleton, and close by, imprinted deep in the yielding sand, were the naked footprints of a man. His two subordinates were whispering together and pointing to the tracks, when Barlow bade them covcr up the bones and proceed. Silently the men rode forward, half blinded by the glare, following the trait which led on straight towards the mountains. At dusk they had crossed the edge of the desert, and were within a short distance of the range, lin , camped by a muddy lagoon, and with : the leaves of the gum trees rulstling ?softly above than, the exhausted men took their well-earned repose. Nor were they disturbed throughout the night, and arose refreshed and hopeful soon after dawn, prepared for another day of labor. The explorers were now in scrubby country, and hills and swamps beset their path. The trail they had been following on the preceding day was now lost, and so the party veered towards the north-east in seal'ch of an easier path across the range, than that which lay in front. . . No incidents of any moment occurred during, the next forty-eight hours, but late in the tbird night every member of the expedition awoke to hear the mysterious party, which had before sur prised them, blundering and stumbling among the rocks to the right, and ?? aking a fearful hubbub, shouting and cursing at their loudest pitch. It was a dark night, oppressively hot and cloudy, and nothing could bo seen, and though Barlow and his men repeatedly hailed the strangers no reply was tendered, and the voices died away as before into a deep silence. Grouped round the fire in picturesque ease the explorers talked of ghosts and spirits in low voices, and with uneasy glances at the surrounding blackness whispered that the noises they had heard were made by phantoms and not by men. And Barlow, suffering under the three months' strain and anxiety, began to think they might be correct. Such things might be pondered in such a God forsaken land as this, and he shivered as he thought of the expeditions that had been lost, and recollected the tale of Craven and his party, lost for ever in these desolate regions. As another day dawned the leader set out with one companion to find a pass across the barrier suitable for the passage of the animals. All hope of finding the man whose tracks thoy had traced was now abandoned, and, as Barlow stood at the foot of a great hill and measured its height with his eye, he was astonished to see a figure climbing over a huge boulder some distance up the mountain. Shouting to attract his attention the ex plorer and his companion commenced the ' ascent, slipping and stumbling in their , haste, and came up with their quarry in I a state of exhaustion. But such haste was unnecessar}'. The stranger, leaning on a stick, quietly waited their approach. He spoke 110 greeting, and the two ex plorers recovered breath, and scrutinised the man's appearance for some moments. To their amazement they perceived that the man before them was white, tall, gaunt, aud withered, with a great grizzled beard, and long matted hair, bis half-naked body bearing the marks of injury and exposure, for his clothing consisted merely of a skin tied round his waist. But the face of the stranger shocked them-so terrible and unex pected was the sight. His features bore the impress of misery and suffering, and were wrinkled and withered; and the black, sunken eyes glittered with the light of madness, filled and dilated with horror indescribable. " Wiio are you, my man r" asked Barlow, alter a long silence. The man clapped a hand to his fore head, and muttered incoherently. He appeared to be thinking. Suddenly he cried out hoarsely, " John Craven!" and fixed his eyes upon Barlow's face. I Barlow recoiled, "Whatv" he ex claimed. "1 am Craven! Craven the lost! Craren the tortured !" shouted the mad man, bis manner growing excited ; and then the firo died out of his eyes, his figure seemed to shrink and shrivel, aud before the explorers stood an old man, I bowed and trembling, muttering brokenly 111 unintelligible words. Barlow thought for a moment. He soothingly persuaded the unfortunate man, who was very weak and exhausted, to return to the camp with him. The excitement therein was great when the trio arrived. After n bath in the lagoon, and some food, the man who called himself Craven appeared more rational. Barlow sent him to lie down, and he slept for many hours, closely watched by two of the party. About nine o clock that night the rescued man awoke and came out of the shadow into the light of the camp fire. Seated be neath a great gum-tree, with the ex plorers grouped around, he told his j story, sometimes muttering vaguely and losing the thread of his narrative: oc casionally ceasing to speak and sullenly I brooding, with many uneasy glances I around into the darkness, speaking, sometimes in accents of fear, and again j in great excitement; while the wan derers beside biro listened in breathless silence and awe. The camp-fire flickered in the warm breeze, and from the dark ness came a sound of whispering and soft movement, as if the very trees were bending forward to hear the strange story. The Lost Expedition of whom ' the tale was told bereft of its leader ' made no sound. . « * # * ^" You tell nic." said Craven, turning his face to Barlow," that I have been lost ten years. Ay, lost! Ten years of suffering and misery unequalled." He shuddered, and passed his hand across his forehead. " I remember the day we started from oar station and passed into the deserts, aiid went | through months of peril, and privation. How we hungered and thirsted ; how the horses dropped exhausted, and how we struggled on regardless of difficulties and danger. Wo approached a water hole nearly dried, when almost dying, and a few miserable blacks staggering towards it. We feared we should lose it-the precious fluid-and we were mad ! mad! We fall upon, and killed them! How we dashed into the mud and ooze, aud ravenously drank the put rid fluid for which ire bad lost our souls ; J And then we went forward, ever forward, accursed and doomed! ! " Our suffering increased as wo advanced ! bat we dared not turn. Doggedly we pushed on, without food or drink. We were devils at the end of two burning days, without water, and stumbled on, cursing and blaspheming ; urged on to further exertions by the fear of death. Blood-guilty as we were we dare not I die!" Craven paused for breath, a dull glow in his eyes, and panting heavily with excitement. >. Then one fell, and we jeered at him and left him ! Oh! God! it was an awful deed and sight! How the sun blazed, and the sand glittered, and our tongues rattled against our cracked lips, black and dry." Ciaven rose to his feet in terrible excite ment. " Behold ! a range of mountains ahead. Madly we struggled towards thein and Iluss, raving, and dying, crawls after us, writhingand screaming J We left him far behind, and his bones lie th°re in the desert, bleached and white." The unfortunate explorer paused overcome by emotion, but pre sently continued his story ; talkiii" dis jointedly, but with less excitement." We reached water and the range at last, .The sensation of feeling the cool waters of a creek flowing over us were like heaven. But devils cannot have heaven, and thereafter life was « burden to inc." C.aven stopped and *tmvd fixedly at the fire for some time. ILis confused and weakened brain had been unable to re- J tain a full recollection of his terrible experience. "Well, we crossed the mountains, 1 do not know how. There were eight of us-no, nine ; 1 cannot think now, but we crossed the range. And there we saw grass and trees and water, and birds fluttering on the branches above us. But wc were starv ing and wc could not kill, for we had no fire- arms. \\\r e struggled on and at dusk saw a black, a huge man, with a string offish. We were reckless, and starving, and we crept after him and flung him down. He fell heavily on a stone and was dead in a fevv minutes! We left bim there and J marched on. Soon we came to n; villages and were well received, and worshipped as £ods. They hail never j seen white men before, so we told them ' that we had come from the stars. They i had a priest, an old and fearful man. whom they reverenced even be/ore us! They said he had magic and we had none to show. He hated us bitterly, we knew, and one day we went into'their church or temple and destroyed iha Hie priest-they culled him /vnliooa came in and tried to thwart us. 1 knocked him down, eager to show my power, and contempt for him, lie cursed us, with the blood running' tloivn his beard, and swore to destroy us. I laughed, utterly reckless, and struck him a-,'ain! Our ; doom was sealed. If we had fled all might have been well, for the nativesI feared us more thnu they hated us. But I I one day the body of the wtin we hatl j I killed was founcj, and the priest, Kaboon, came, armed with a poisoned spear, and accused us. His little eyes gleamed with hate, and, lie shook his spear in menace as he turned away. How 1 longed to kill him, but dare not. And that night 1 woke to find myself bound ! My men were helpless also, and in the hut were many natives who kicked and mocked us. Soon Ivabooa come holding a blazing torch, hut said no word. They dragged us into the Icinplc before the three mutilated images. The place was large and was lit with many torches, and crowded with armed blacks, and women and children. Clouds of foul smelling smoke from the torches floated in the temple and we could see cruel eyes watching us on every side. We knew our time was come. Helpless and bound we waited in agony for death !" Craven shuddered, and continued his tale with gestures of fierce excitement. " They forced us to stand up, with our hands bound, and when I essayed to speak their priest struck me in the mouth !^ The scar remains, 1 think? Then Kabooa cursed us and said that all but I should die! With screams and curses my companions fell beneath the spears and clubs! 1 was dragged away, bruised and bleeding, and the savages took me back over the hills and left me in tuc desert. But before they went, Kabooa cursed me! It was a terrible curse, dooming me to wander in misery until I died, pursued by the spirits of my men, to have no rest at night and little by day; to endure hunger and thirst, and suffering unutter ably until the end !* And if I return and cross the mountains I shall die by tor ture !" The outcast ceased speaking, and glared at the darkness in evident apprehension. "I vainly endeavor to escnpc from the phantoms of my party ! I climb high hills and they follow, I hide in caves but they gather round me, and where ever I. go I am pursued! Seel" he exclaimed, stabbing at the darkness witli oue withered Jingure; '' they stand there now, waiting! They beckon, I tell you! Let me go! Let I me go !'. Struggling with maniacal strength, the madman tried his utmost to break away from tlie detaining arms of the explorers, bnt weakened by what lie hnd endured, Ik: soon became ex hausted, and sank into a Iwary sleep. A. thunderstorm broke over tbo party, the lightning flickered unceas ingly, and mingled with the thunder of voices of the Lost Explorers seek ing their leader were faintly audible The darkness at last vanished, and the sun shone out. Barlow ordered au advance, and after two days of arduous climbing, the top of tli9 range was gained. With an expression of triumph on his sun-burnt, care-worn face. Barlow looked down on the country of his dreams, aud to fiud which " he had endured so much. | Great forssts, wide, grass-covered plains, creeks, lagoons, and tree-clothed hills were out before him, and he could with difficulty repress a shout of joy. Then he wont down the mountain with his party and pitched his camp in a pretty gorge, filled with high grass and flowers, and with a clear spring rippling past. Here they hghtod a lire to roast a wallaby they had killed, and sank into sleep with out a thought of danger. Craven, who had remained in a kind of stuper since his outburst of fury after the conclusion of his narrative two days before was left unwatched. Some hours had passed and the fire was burning low when Barlow, vaguely startled by ho knew not what, sud denly awoke. Mis companions were asleep, and it was a very dark night. The fire was almost out but a few shining coals threw a faint glow around. Suddenly, a man stepped in to this glow and Harlow sittiug up, rubbed his eyes in amazement, unable to believe his senses. The stranger was a native, with a great quantity of white hair falling on his shoulders, and a body fearfully attenuated, and painted a bright, darling white. His face was grotesque and wrinkled, his lips were shrunkoi), and his jaws tooth less, and bis small ready eyes; lived on Barlow with a look of devilish malice and cunning, gleamed red in the glow. The midnight visitor stepped lightly towards the explorer : who sprang to his feet in alarm, and dropped a bundle of dried grass upon the sslies of the lire. The ftuff flared | up and illuminated the sides of the gorge, and also a great number of armed and fantastically painted blacks surrounding the party. Every man now awoke and looked about in bewilderment and terror. Harlow was the first to realise their peril and called out to hisiEicu to close up and get their weapons ready. The hideous aboriginal, who had first startled the explorers now stepped back a little, and withanimatodgesturcs to emphasise his words, addressed a long speech to his companions. Thcfirclight flickered up and down, shining on the faces of the grim warriors around, and on the furious, convulsed, face of the speaker. When ho had finished his arms dropped to his sides while a low murmur ran along the ranks of the savages. In perfect unison they struck their spears and shields together thrice. There was a sharp, guttural exclamation, a rush, and Barlow and his men were fighting and struggling in the midst of the horde of yelling blacks. Weakened as they were, their resist ance was useless. They was speadily overpowered aud bound. Throughout the remainder of the night they were left pinioned while the blacks gathered around their fires, ate, and drank, and talked exitedly until dawn. Then they rose, and the weary, anxious explorers were supplied with food aud water, and were then roughly dragged to their feet. The few horses and camels that remained were loaded with the camp utensils and small stock of provisions, and the cavalcade set out, fully two hundred of the aboriginals surrounding the small body of white men. Craven, in a paroxym of insane fury cursed and raved Vainly, trying to burst his cords and attack the terrible-looking leader of the blacks, whom he had recognised as his enemy Kabooa, the priest. Two days of rapid travel, of pain, anxiety, and fatigue,and the explorers were again at their old camping-place at the edge of the desert. There the blacks left them with their hands still bound, shouting a few fierce words as they departed. Barlow dare not dis regard the evident warning those words implied, and saw with bitter regret, that it would be impossible to return to the region from which they had just been expelled, well-knowing that death would be their reward if they did so. Accordingly, he prepared for the return journey, and with many fore bodings of evil, faced tho terrible swamps, and deserts which set between him and civilisation. They set out, I Craven still in their company, but j with his mind now totally gone. For days and weeks the explorers travelled, killing their miserable beasts of burden for food as they proceeded, and on one occasion oven drauk the blood of a slaughtered animal. And each night Craven would atvake from the stupor in which his brain was plunged, and cry out that his lost companions were beckoning him from the darkneBB, and that be must go ! he would go ! and raved aud struggled to escape, until his (strength was exhausted, and he slept. Barlow's one hope of salva tion for himself and party, was the return of the two men whom he had sent back for provisions. Fortunately when the supply of dried horse was consumed, the relief party arrived. They were received with faint cheers, and, a little water having been found, they camped for the uight, and Bar low sat late re'ating his experiences to the leader of tbe relief party. The noise and bustle of that afternoon had apparently awakened Craven from hia y stupor and ho talked a little. But there was a cunning expression in his dark, wild eyes, and that night his customary struggles to escape were not so prolonged, lie speedily became still and Beeined to sleep. When Barlow laid down to rest, the maduiau was sleeping quietly, to all appearance. But near dawn a sound of wild laugh ter, shouts, and the noise of horses' and camels' hoofs rattling against the stones of the desert, awoke the sleep ing explorers. They listened in sur prise aud terror for a moment, and then someone asked, .' Where is Craven r" He was gone, and Barlow, listeuing to the weird, fading voices, thought that he could distinguish that of Craven amongst them. The Lo9fc Explorers had regained their leader, and when the sun rose above the edge of the desert, nothing living was visible on the waste of saud. Craven was again lost for ever. 