IN THE GALLERY. Those who predicted that yesterday would be the closing day of the session, and a short one, were doomed to disappointment, for Mr. Philp sought at the outset to introduce a bill (Which presented, as it transpired, many elements of desertion. it was a bill to amend the Sugar Works Guarantee Act, and a corollary to a vote of £100,000 passed on the Loan Estimates on Saturday morning. lAmticipatlng objection, the Premier re started that if it proved contentious he would not go on with it. But it was desired to build two millstone on the Johnstone, the other on the Mulgrave, and to effect repairs to others and although the (wisdom of going further in the Central mill system might be questioned, since the exist- ing mills had met proved an unqualified success, he reminded members that such works rarely were remunerative during their first years. Mr. Dawson, who had called " Not formal," explained that he had so acted in protest against such a 'bill being brought down at so late a period. As a matter of fact, the Premier had agreed to close the session last week, yet now he came along notwithstanding all his promises with a most contentious (measure, containing principles to which the Labour Party strongly objected. He held that the sugar industry had been unduly favoured, and in order to bolster it up others had to suffer. MR. Fitzgerald had no 'sympathy with the Government, nor had he much in common With his 'leader on this particular question. As a matter of fact, a loan had been promised by the late Hon. T. J. Byrnes to the Johnstone (River, and besides there was no (surprise about the business, because the other night a vote of £100,000 had been passed on the understanding that a bill would be brought in to advocate it. And If the hill was not put through this session practically the whole of the land on the Johnstone and Mulgrave would fall into the hands of the banks, and " that octopus and monopoly," the Colonial Sugar Refining Company. This criticism of his leader, (mild enough may be, caused some little cnlTtlh among the gentlemen sitting opposite, some of whom, at the same time, indicated their objection to the bill by Interjection. (According to Mr. G. Thorn, the whole question of sugar growing and the central mill system demanded very careful consideration before any further financial aid was conceded. Mr. Armstrong was on the side of the Opposition, too in fact, he was with Mr. Dawson, and the announcement prompted an invitation to " come over." The suggestion was ignored, and the member for Lockyer went on to adversely criticise " these constant attempts to whitewash the central mills by funding the debts in the way proposed. But his real objection seemed to be rather against the fact of the agricultural industry, in its other branches, being allegedly overlooked year after year than anything else for he held plainly enough that he, as one of the (representatives of that industry would vote against any further pampering of sugar until justice had been dealt out elsewhere. The debate so far had taken place on the motion that the Speaker leave the chair, and when Mr. Armstrong had finished, Mr. (Morgan was allowed to give place to Mr. Grimes. In Committee, for the introduc- tion of the bill, Mr. Turley fiercely assailed the Government, who, he said, had place the amount on the Estimates, rushed them through in the small hours of the morning, and then declared that members would still Itlfy themselves if they did not pass the hill, and he said straight out that he would exhaust the forms of the House in opposing the bill to the death. In response to an invitation from the Premier, Mr. Turley temporarily resumed his seat to allow Mr. Philp to speak. Mr. Philp briefly denied that any trap had been set, or that anything Underhand had been- done. As, however, there appeared to be considerable opposition on both sides of the House, he moved the Chairman out of the chair. This in itself was a surprise, but a greater was in store. Both Mr. Givens and Mr. Glassey gave indications of temper. Mr. Givens rose first, and he went at his leader and Mr. Turley In a way that was entirely novel. He did more than this he declared that he was returned to assist the the sugar industry, and if he did not do that now in connection with the bill, he would have won his seat by false pretences. Under these circumstances, and in view of the fact that he could not ally himself with any other party in the House, he would, immediately On returning to Cairns, place his resignation In the hands of his constituents. Mr. Givens said much besides, including a threat to block if possible the votes for " the palatial buildings in Brisbane, but his chief string was resignation. He " fetched" his leader, who distinctly repudiated the statement of his colleague that he (Mr. Dawson) was' allied in his opposition with the Colonial Sugar Company, and that the bill was being withdrawn because of the opposition of the Labour party. And in this view he was supported by Mr. Philp, who declared that it was the objection of both parties which had prompted him to take the course he had done. He believed in State aid, but he Wanted State aid In equal doses. Mr. Browne got home on Mr. Givens, whose speech he described as " blatant talk, and that of an interested party who tried to drag his colleagues to support him in a matter affecting his particular district and against their principles. He showed that he and others had always fought the Guarantee Act. The trouble involved a strange blend of parties. For instance, Mr. Cowley championed Mr. Givens, whose speech was " an eloquent one," and not " blatant talk." 'And having whitewashed him, he endeavoured to show how sugar-growing in the North benefited the Southern farmers, and how the industry was being hardly dealt With. Indeed, it was sugar against the World. Mr. Leahy's opinion was that the (relief proposed was no relief at all-that was, it might relieve the mills of their overdraft, and place the debts on the shoulders of the State. Further than this, the bill laid down a principle that had never been contemplated, and he asked where would the industry be if federation said black labour must cease ? Where would the Government security be 7 Mr. Givens did not mean to lose any ground for want of a little wind ; his reply occupied the best part of an hour. Towards half-past 7, several other members having spoken in the meantime, the Premier reminded the House that there was not a ghost of a show of passing the bill. Why, then beat the air. The objection was not so much to the bill as to the time at which it was introduced, and he promised that the bill would be one of the first brought down next session. Mr. Glassey interjected that this ought to be satisfactory, but it wasn't, and the talk went on much as before. It was 8 o'clock before sweet reasonableness reigned and the Chairman was allowed to leave the chair. The loan proposals of the Government, which totalled about two and three- quarter (millions, and covered only works completed or in progress, gave Mr. Givens a further opportunity to obstruct. By way of protest, he divided the House on the vote for works, and the ten members who voted with him indicated] the feeling to be North v. South. But even with this, Mr. Givens was not satisfied, and he talked to an unconscionable length". in connection with this debate, Mr. (Bowman made his maiden effort. It was brief and reasonable, and elicited all-round applause. By 10 o'clock, after another division, the loan proposals had been approved, and a bill covering the proposals was presented and dealt with. This bill called forth an able speech from the Treasurer, and a critical reply from Mr. Kidston, both efforts eliciting a most interested attention. Mr. (Philp explained that it was not necessary, nor would it be wise, to go on the market just now for we had enough to carry us over twelve months, and money was dear is not scarce. He explained where these funds were to come front, and declared that if care was exercised there would be nothing to fear, and the finances would remain in the same healthy position as at present. Con- cluding, he predicted some criticism on the way the Savings Bank funds had been drawn, and deprecated any discussion which would (promote public distrust In the Institution. Mr. Kidston, who had evidently prepared his speech with care, generally condemned the Premier, not only for creating a loss on Savings Bank deposits, but for actually rais- ing a loan without the sanction of Parliament. (He declared that he had failed in his duty in not covering himself at the end of last session 'with a loan bill. The conclusion he drew was that the healthiest thing that could happen to the public life of the colony would be a complete change of government. The other speaches were harmless and, it seemed, unnecessary. They had, however, the merit of (brevity. The (Loan Bill had been passed through all its stages, and so had the neccesary Appropria- tion Bill, by 12.10 a.m., at which hour the 'House rose till to-day for the last time this session. 