WW EKE WALK . li- ? ? ^ (From the '.'JEboyal Magazine.') (By .Edmiandf^s Sail.) , Soattered all over, our 'Happy Isles' , may be seen many 'mansion's and ghos tly looking ruinsj where tradition tells us spirits frequent and goblins hold their mid-night revels. Many churchyardsl; especially those in tbe oountry, still retain their 'ghost' gend is bhat in connection with Kelrc don, Eteex. it appears tb;--t a jicor mil ler, who, though nonest, found it im possible to make both ends meet, and uanged himself irom the branches of in old tree. Tradition states him to Have been tho 'only honest miller in Essex,' and that his spirit may sometimes be seen wandering around the churchyard with a halter around its neck and its tongue lolling out, certainly not a very pleasant eight. The remarkable story of the appari tion at Berry Pomeroy Castle, near To-' tnes, appears to be authentic, and is well-known in the West of England. I lhe legend runs that in the latter part of the last century Dr. Walter I Korquhar, who was then at Torquay, was called to the Castle to at tent I the steward's -wife. On his arrival he was shown into a room on the ground Hour and asked to wait a. moment; After some minutes bad elapsed he grew im patient and arose to question a female who had opened a side door and was walking across -the room. His surprise, however, was great when he^toticed h«r manner and garb. She was dressed in rich attire, out in an absolutely outof date costume, and wrung her hands in a pitiful manner, her face evincing si&is; of great distress. She walked to a flight of oak stairs, and^quickening her pace, disappeared. At that moment the steward entered the room, and announced that his wife was ready to see him. Dr. Farquh.tr found his patient- dangerously ill; and he was so much engrossed with the case that he forgot-, ere he left the building, to question the steward as to the youug lady in tbe curious dress he had seen. On the following day he found his pa tient much improved, and remembered to ask the steward about the myster ious young lady. As the -i.ick'r ie counted his experience the poor fellow showed unmisbakeaUe signs of fear an1! trembling, and told the doctor that now he was sure his wife would '.'n; die. as the spectre was the spirit pf the dnuglitt-r oi an early owner of the castle who had murdered her child, and liml since np Deared as an omen foretelling the death of an inmate. Dr. Farquhar quickly gave the stew ard every assurance of his wife's turn for tho better and that he thought that die would continue to improve, but the credulous old stoward would not hear of it. The next day the doctor called at thr Castle, and was astounded to find that his patient had died soon after he left tiie place the preceding day. The most strange part of the story is to come. After an interval of several years Dr. Farquhar was well known in lLondon as Sir Walter Farquhar (1796) and could count among ltis clients and friends certain members of nobility and Royalty. One day a lady came to him in great distress saying her sister was ill. ami appeared to bo wasting away, and th;it on being questioned, she was most em phatic in saying she saw a ghost when visiting in Devonshire some weeks be fore, which had left such an impression upon her that do what she would she could not shake it off. The lady further said that the spectre appeared at Berry Poineroy Castle, at which Sir Walter started, told his experiences, and re quested to see the young lady immedi ately, whom he found suffering as de scribed. The poor giri appeared great ly relieved to be speaking to someone who shared her -uncomfortable exped ience. and, it may be added, soon re gained her usual health. Sykdslumb Farm, near Blackburn. Lancashire, has a well-known reputa tion for beine haunted. The house itself i sa very primitive dwelling, built of large, roughly hewn blocks of coarse limestone having a lone ly situation in a secluded dell by the banks of the Mellor brook. Several parties have asserted that they have seen an old, wrinkled wo man pass along the rood which led to the Lumb, but were so afraid that they never dared to question her. It came to pass tbat a young farmer occupied the premises, and, on seeing the ghost one night beneath an old apple tree in the orchard he accosted her, when she pointed to the ground. Tbe young man dug and soon came upon a number of earthenware jars contain ing ancient gold and silver coins of nun dreds of pounds value. After this night it is said the old dame has not troubled the country folks so much. Heath Old ' Hall, near Wakefield t Yorkshire, also has its ghost. This man sion is a splendid pile of -the Elizabeth an period, and the windows were for \- merly emblazoned with the arms of some of the chief of England's nobility. In 1593 William Witham, who was in possession, was suddenly taken ill and died. A later owner of tiie1 hall wan a sister of Witham's — Lady Mary Bowles — a strong minded woman, who was lo cally known as 'Old Mother Hubbard,*' and who, it' is repented, died in 16t-2 at tbe age of 83. Tradition says this lady's spirit still haunts the place. Her favorite spot appears to be the old ban queting hall, where she has been seen to glide along in a-jnost mysterious fas hion. This ghost is also reported to have walked in Heath Grove, hut was afterwards sonjured down into a hole ot the river, which is even to this 'day known as 'BoHe's Pit.-' There is a strange story of the super natural in connection with Hackwood House, an old mansion near Basing stoke in the shape of the ghost of a young lady, said to hitVe been murdered there. She was seen soon after the house was purchased by Lord Bolton, by iiord Bolton himself and two of his friends. The ghost of Barbara Villicrs, Duc hess of Cleveland ,is said to haunt Wat pole House, Ohiswick Mall, uu(l her spirit appears at short intervals .at a bedroom window in^the upper part of the house, wringing ' its -hands aud be seeching some unknown person to 'Give i lier back her lost beauty.' Away in the north the old mansion of Dentou Hall, near Newcastle-on-Xyne I is haunted by a spectre rejoicing in the namo ol 'Silky,' whereby hangs a love story. in tho time of tho Stuarts a gallant cavalier was paying attentions to an el der sister, but he afterwards incontin ently transferred his affections to a younger sister, an extremely beautiful girl. The discarded -sister, inad -with jealous passion, sought the favored girl's bod and strangled her. Ihe restless spirit of the murderess has been fre quently seen dressed in white silk of 1 out-of-date design-, silently moving along the passages and up the great staircase of the house to tbe room where the tra gedy was committed. . As ' late as 1884 the mysterious form appeared and was seemingly dragging something across the floors of two rooms to an open win dow. Her sudden appeaiM'oe has been known to act as wanting of death to - certain of the inmates; and Several in- - stances are reported to have^ome true. In one case the spectre appeared' to a young lady who happened to be stayiug at Denton Hall, and warned her agam-t a young man who 'had been paying her attentions. It is-said that some time afterwards some facts became known which shtlwed the young fellow to be 'a very undesirable character as a suitor for the hand of the young lady. This gill, it should be mentioned, had not heard of 'Silky' and her warning propensities, and was under the impression that her visitor was some cranky old lady who was staying in the house, as the appir ition, in addition to- her white dress, wore jewellery, and even wrinkles were plainly discernaUe upon her face. The incident leaked out V the girl telling ? friend in oonfideooe «f 'the interfer ing -W womtp,' m the pot it. gerergl instances' oan be quoted of visitors, who had either enoountered or heard 'some- thing,' and refused to stay -in the house. Of the magnificent palace of Rich mond, built on Richmond Green by -Henry VIL, the old gate is the chief ornament, and tbis is said to be haun ted by the ghost of IQue^n EXzabejbhj who died here in 1603. The spirit of another Queen, that of Catherine, is reputed to haunt the gal lery -of the great staircase of Hampton Court Palace. It appears she had been confined to her room, and, escaping, ran .screaming along the staircase to speak with King Henry VIII., who was at his devotions ( P) in the chapel. The guards, however bore her back to her ohamber still scre aming, and she afterwards met her doom on Tower Hill. The ghost still screams, and is said to wear a look of Gtter despair as it rushes' along the pas sages. Coming again west we find that Tavistock also has its traditions, and the credulous townsmen will tell you that the notorious Lady Howard — in the usual ghost form — can be frequen tly be Been riding in a carriage of bones drawn by a headless horse over the bri dge at the witching hour of midnignt. Torquay, besides ita beautiful scen ery, is famous as having' had a prison during the Spanish Armada. At that time the old barn in the grounds of Tor Abbey was used as a place of confine ment for Spanish prisoners, and tradi tion states that numbers of these Span iards were starved -to death there, and their hungry ghosts still haunt the place One legend in particular runs that a woman, the wife of a Spanish offic:r (who had somehow joined . the service to be near her husband) rides a whitj headless horse, and when seen by those qualified to see such sights, wears white flowing robes, and frequents the leafy Lime and Chestnut avenues near the Spanish Barn. We will conclude this article with a recount of the remarkable ghost story of No 50, Berkely Square. London, which will bear repeating. The house Is situated oil the west side of the squ are, and shows nothing extraordinary from an outside inspection. Its history records that a bedroom on tho second floor is visited by night by 'something' so terrible that those who see it are nearly 'frightened to death.' In support of this one instance is put forward of a servant being foun-l on the floor in convulsions after a eight of this horrible apparition. Another instance is related where the inmates were sor«4y -troubled by un canny noises, and a young man, en gaged to one of the daughters, volun teered to stay a night in the room and so discover the oirgin of the mysteri ous sounds. He was to have a bell cn the table, and it was arranged that should he ring once it signified that he had seen something, but no one was to enter the room. If he rang twice some one was to come to his aid. During the night the bell was heard to ring again, and, as was agreed, no. cne responded. After a time -the bell was rung again, this time furiously, and upon his friends lushing in the ghost scoffer was discov ered on the floor dead. This -is but one of the many strange stories connected with the 'Haunted j House' in Berkeley Square. i 