DEATH OF THE REV. GEORGE PEPPER. the ' fighting parson' and brilliant orator, one op Ireland's best and boldest friends. Readers of the Sy dney Freeman to whom years ago the name of the Rev. George VV. Pepper, D.D., ? was familiar, will receive with regret the announce ment of his death. Most of the speeches delivered by this warm-hearted, Irish- Protestant patriot have been reprinted in the Freeman. The Chicago Citizen, August 12, says the death at his home, Maddison Avenue, Cleveland, O., of the gifted and noble-hearted Rev. George W. Pepper, D.D., removes a gentleman whose services to America and Ireland have ' channeled deep' the hearts of both nations by ?' constancy and worth.' Dr. Pepper was born of an old Methodist family of Ulster and continued, in his own person, that long line of Irish Protestant patriots which be gan with William Molyneaux, in the rtign of William III., and through good and ill fought for Irish rights 'by work or word, by voice or sword' from his tiras to the brilliant days of Swift and Lucas ; from their day to the glorious epoch of Flood and Grattan ; mounted che scaffold with 'William Orr ; fought beside Monroe and M'Cracken in Down and Antrim; Ved in the dungeon with Lord Edward and Wolfe Tone ; wept for the early doom of Emmet; thrilled with Davis; laboured with Mitchel ; trod the plank of the felon ship with him and Smith O'Brien, and rallied around Parnell in his tremendous Parliamentary battle for '.the rooting of the Irish people to their soil.' George W. Pepper had in him the heart of a hero and the soul of a crusader. He was the friend nf human liberty in all. lands and under all circum stances. His love for humanity was not bounded by clime, colour, condition, or creed. The death of such of such a broad, grand character is an irre parable loss to the cause of freedom everywhere. As soldier, clergyman, patriot, citizen, husband, father, he won the admiration of all who were acquainted with his fine career, and their name is legion in the new world and the old. As an orator he had few equals. Ireland and the Irish may well weep for the noble son and brother whose ringing tones will be heard on earth no more for ever. To the Irish people of Chicago he was a long-familiar figure. He was twice orator of the diy at the annual Irish National demonstration in this city, and spoke re peatedly at .Central Mu9ic Hall on Emmet and Parnell. HE FOLLOWED MEAGHER OF THE SWORD, As a youth of 14 he heard Thomas Francis Meagher's incomparable address to the Protestants of Ulster in Belfast in 1847, and he once described to us how the Orange youngsters of the University which he attended and who crowded one portion of the great hall rose and cheered till the rafters cracked when the then youthful Meagher, having brilliantly apostrophized the States of Europe that had risen against their oppressors and became free and independent, exclaimed towards the close of that most splendid of all his superb I speeches : ' How say you, voemen of the North ! Has the Red Hand withered ?' Hats were thrown / to the ceiling, orange and green handkerchiefs were Maved, the ladies in the galleries went wild and rained flowers on the young Irish Cicero, whose features flashing with heroic light, and blue eyes dilating with the passion of patriotism, seemed illumined by the sacred fire of the Holy Ghost. Meagher carried everything before him after that. The grim old Orangemen who muttered of ' Papists ' and ' the Blue ' hung their heads. Even the ' pious, glorious, and immortal memory' of their Royal Dutch idol could not blind them to the fact that they had. at last, seen and heard an Irish ?' Papist,' who could advocate the liberty of Ireland without giving offence to the followers of King William. The ' Old Ireland' faction, which had been boisterous on account of Young Ireland's quarrel with O'Connell, was shamed into silence. Never before, or probably since, did the voice of an 11 inspired boy,' or man for that matter, produce such an effect on a hostile audience. In Donahoe's Magazine for June Dr. Pepper gave some of his recollections of Meagher. PBRSONAL PARTICULARS. Dr. Pepper was born in Ballinagarrick, County Tyrone, Ireland, July 11, 1833. He came to Ame rica in 1852, and completed his studies at Kenyon College. Soon afterwards he was ordained minis ter of the Methodist Episcopal Church, and joined the North Ohio Conference, of which he remained a member for more than 40 years. Feeling strongly on the subject of negro emancipation, he joined, soon after the bieaking out of the Civil War, the 80th Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and speedily rose to the rank of captain. He fought in the bloody battle of Corinth and throughout the trying Vicks burg campaign, giving splendid evidence of his in herent Irish courage in every engagement. The men, who adored him, called him — for all soldiers nickname their favourites — ' the fighting parson.' When the war ended, Dr. Pepper became chaplain of General Xelson A. Miles' regiment, and served with it in Virginia and North Carolina for some years. He left the army in 1867 and resumed church work, in which he was highly successful. Among his closest personal friends were the late General John A. Logan, Hon. James G. Blaine, Zacariah Chandler, and Wendell Phillips ; and among his prominent surviving friends may be mentioned President M'Kinley, General Miles, and the Hon. John Sherman. Dr. Pepper leaves five children. They are George W. Pepper, superintendent of the railway mail service of Cleveland ; S. A. Pepper, of Mon tana, now in the Klondyke; Charles M. Pepper, of Washington ; Miss Lena Pepper, and Miss May S. Pepper, of Cleveland. 