shomh. mrirBCB — Tie Iter. Tl. F Seofct, anouiribaiit of St, PftiiFe Anglican Church, Sale, 3ias bean aj>-| pointed rum) rimn of Sale. >' The Iter. Tl. -T. W. Criaittufl Wisdom, £.A., who i*-: coming from ifco ft®.;! come <!in-ntc of St. Charge'#, Moht&t;, mui \- ' t.v tin Iter. H. IB. Maaari/ney , iMy ji. ip. aww«»-wfl * geleeted by • d ^bomoe^ tit fljfae ccntlv ol - - ^ center 01 - reguesf of Cimon Banks Smitou ; Archbishop Onrr tens appointed Hae Stev, i W. GnuJoy, of FJeroington, to socooed tf9re| fete J?ev. W. H. Qumk, art afte Church tiff ftunred Tfeiii't, St. 3G3da Mtedfc. Hlbel * —*cn I tie Snored Tinart, ct. «u««, Rev. M- f)«7ToI], of Dandanang, wSB tfiTIi' Father GanlrvV plnoe at. fSenan^fce®. UbeS Father ^nina'a former!! Rev. Johu GJewon, tt'tucaer vrmi"*® VUliUiKH. curate, at St. K ilfla W«St> goes to Bamde Eong, and tie Iter, JL May wall ifcafee Father GJeeson'* place. ' The Per- Father EG Adelaide by the 'Ophir, and wiffl take cbatjge \- "-A-Ji.firtjwtGilai Terraui* Bonian Catholte jBtetoeftt,«3en ££'d Futber ffibrtF wsited AMnade 17^7 7?«7 Iris Simons ® St.] FfMieiF Xsvicr's Cathedral Sbtho' Mr. fiithaaiaBin.' Mr. George Bell is the chairman of jUbel Congregational Vnion -and Mnftmcm of Vic-1 ~ *J j4—■ mtw4i«nri tori a for ]8!W-1P(KI. At the annual sneehragjj of the union. held this week, tie Rev. JE,| H. J ores, of Wilhametown, was rfeeb«s! chaiiman for IfflO-L Hhe Eer. j„ J. H&lJey-;] was re-appointed secretary by 45 votes to J 21. The council of the Bnrwood Methodist! ladies' Onljcge, Sydney, has unanirownsly i agreed to nominate the Rev. E. J. Rodd for] the presidency of the college, in s#oces-f ' 1 1 * — J ^ * IVfcBkanrt+i u mHKtu i son to the Iter. C. j. PresootJ, MJL, who j has teen appointed president ami head; master of >e«-ington Wesleyaa CbBcge,; StsomoTB. i PilJ^treei Wesleyan CSrcaiL Auckland, j has invited the Rev. W. J. vTillnias to 1 remain a fifth year. It was also resolved j at the last quarterly meeting of the circuit to request tbe eonJerenoe to appoint an-| other minister, in addition to the throe al ready in the cireirit. As an espressjon of gratitude to God for the blessings of the rear the Sydney circuit I of the I'mted Methodist Free Churches has decided to increase the minister's sti pend by £30 per annum, ami a cordial iu n't-ation was pren to him to remain a sixth The Rev. F. J. Wilkin, who has just re- J moved from Kerang, is supplying the pul pit of the Brighton Baptist Church for a month, and the Rev. R. Williamson is aupplvicg at MsJdon. In *3853 the Rev. A. Adam was mint by the Geelong Presbytery to take charge erf Ballarat and Burn bank (the name then given to Beaufort). Finding the double charge too much he gare up Ballarat, ajad has ever since been at Beaufort. Being now in his 76th year and in failing health, he has resigned his position, and trill re tire front active worn at the end of the year, and thus close a long and honourable pastorate. On his return from the recent Geelong Christian Convention^ the Rev. J. T. Piereey. of the Christian Mission Church, Launceston. was presented with a puree ot sovereigns by his people at a welcome meet ing, and a silver pickle- jar and silver butter-dish were given to Mrs. Piereey. The Eev. H. F. Miller, fonneriy incum bent of the Wliittlesea Anglican Church, and notv in the employment of the British and Foreign Bible Society, was last re ported «it Manila, Philippine Islands, and doing very well in his work, generally sell ing CO Bibles per day. Every forenoon he goes through the native quarter, street by street and trotn bouse to house. The Bishop of Melbourne is "wonder fully better, and making rapid progress towards complete recovery." Special reference to Canon Mercer's death was made on Sunday in all the Angli can churches in Ballarat, and also in many of the other Protestant churches. The es teem in which lie was held was well ex pressed by the Dean of Ballarat, at the Cathedral Church—"Canon Mercer was a singularly sincere and upright man." "The record of his life is written in imperishable lines. . - ' Before his ordination, the late Canon was' a lay reader in the Western district of the l ' " «■»"- fT VDI«4U UWUlVt VI l>UC colony. Having passed through a course ol tram in? at ol training at Moore Theological College, New South Wales, he was ordained deacon in 1872, and priest in 1873. 'From 1875 to 1892 he was incumbent of St. John's, Sol dier's Hill, Ballarat. In 1882 he was ap pointed a canon of the Cathedral Church, and archdeacon in 1895. He never mar ried. AmnTr, 'ias rea<*ed Sydney that one :.i_ i „r£hhyterian missionaries in the _ ....„,„n,au missionaries m tnej island of Tanna, New Hebrides, has been! murdered by the natives, and the name of the ltev. Alexander Gillies has been J mentioned as that of the victim. It is ] thought, however, that an -attack known to 1 have been made on a trader has been the I »*•» •* laauc* IIQO UCCU ^kliC occasion of a mistake between the natives who communicated the news of a murder and the French people who brought it, and that Mr. Gillies is safe. - _ On the other hand, the Sydney "Daily telegraph" publishes the last letter re _ . wc ism iewer re ceived by Mr. W. S. Park, of Sydney, from Mr. Gillies, which shows that at the time! of writing the missionary was , me missionary was in great danger. Sir. Gillies states that a tribe, in censed at the rapid growth of gospel wor ship, had begun ana were ^carrying on a herce and bloody war, in which h number had been killed, and a good many wounded. His own life had been threatened, and a plot laid to carry him off to be tortured, and then - - and then j on 10 »e tortured, Ptevidentiallv 1/ ®Mjen> hut this ha^ win iri. l been frustrated. • "We wfflhavevoi™.» ^fraBtratod. • "We "and we 'are if™™ A natives, you." e kcePmS the oven hot for Since the above was written H.MS. Wal laroo has returned from: Tareha, where parties were landed for Hie purpose of cap turing the natives concerned in the attack on a trailer's station. The Wallaroo:SCports j that an attempt had been made on-the life of the Rev. F.11. L. Vateiu; On |he invito* 1 tion of one the chiefs, "Air. J?aton went to an island village, oteupiea 'by a , rather; bihe, and while there was shot at. escaped, but the native teacher who ac- j oomiiamed him was killed. -This is, no; ^ht, the origin of the ruinour Hat one. w b>e ■white missionaries was killed.. • . s \ iJ?y of the Rev, David Bat-j ttey, of Williamstown «•<» —- ~r """ offaTr. S»«k. WfflkJSS?l',!£S'.s'wfelterUn Am amnwing anoiflawt, sag« tflte "TUraBdh-j mum," fcaaorensfitQinanc Stec.. T®r. Asvfb-1 (fliUTi ^BBcihJiii tihe Qnte Sydney "Synod, Me was dteulsimmg <eranes% a^umfft I8he uise >ofj tamtflas, mdian <a «knik from She registry walked «dlenn% up tthe middle <nf the <ohap tordiouBe wiilih a $)air of large Ijrbbk <ctmdle sftidks, «udh eorttnnring a awnfflft. TJtay vntei tfftisn planed >on Mie auraaftaries* teiblti, «&fl;| oeremlmmTly Salted, auniist ra&re; *£ laugh ter, in which (everyone irom tttm jneaideht; (domgxwatpfln tmBrt% joined, 39c. ArdbiMl! cirfly (CHfiespted. TSie anmriben ■cff dike NinitihOTjrua toffm,! foam Juaaiatariki, Wbqj%, 3fow 22ea3and,| Hume returned Co Che WeSleyaii Onirdh. Ait; least H) ytwr£ <ngo Whey ld& Ce join She Mot-, mums. Hie four longest Baptist (churches in Uug Ssnd ace Che M^espmitee ffflhemwftej SBeBS,-' one 4&2z 3Enut (London, 2,185; WwWjh Tabemnatfle 1,S8S^ and Broadmead, Bristol,' | h <bpb year fee Cibeiflagm Baptist Church, j SEriton, Buftfoghamsham, IM members, (darohnimefl the >ex'iBting <dhmrdh sfldbt by) 1CSL286, and the iSboreditdh Baptist Taiber-j cade radnned its <debt 4w iCSidOO, while toe; idnrrdb at Kidby Manuoe, Leicestershire,: deuced df a in toe year at the rate; off £45/96/ par member. •Great efforts ace iwdng made on feeibalfl off toe Bafiar&t; AtngTioaTi ©jooesam fbstivai: ho be held <on Che 25th inst. The members: off the Ghrnreh of England in the diooese toe jftitoop to^hrad an_^*gol-|j den offerings^ to She Home Mission SkmcL i and toejSHnday schools are also requested toj^aajia there special -eOTtirifaurifms. «an be no question that one of the earn which bare produced a decrease; ia chnrchfraxng in the country »the growth of different notions as to the reghf way of; spending Sunday, the increasing Sunday; travelling, bkystaii®, and other occupations j and amusements.'"—"London Gnardia* In the Church of England Synod for the diocese of Waaapn, New Zealand, the veto ing was in Savour of a motion for granting the franchise to women, bOt the bishop exercised his right id veto, and the resolu tion was therefore thrown oat. The Victorian Christian Endeavour Con-, relation, held last week an Ben dago, was a great success, and the attendance, specially at the Christian citizenship meeting, under ■ the presidency of Dr. Quick, was very large. The banner for the largest society1 connected with the union was awarded to the WlUiamstowa Baptist Society, with 148 members. Gedong (Yarra^street) Wes leyan Society hat a roll of 500 members, but gave up ate claim to the banner. There are S56 Christian Endeavour so cieties m the Victorian union, with* total membership of 29,019. Of these 90 per j . are aw i ~ cent, are also church members. At the last meeting of the Metropolitan ■ Boards of Advice a resolution in favour of j elementary tmsectarian religious instrue- j lion an state schools was earned by 9 votes to 6. The annual meeting of the Evangelisa tjnn Society of Australasia will be held in j toe Collins-street Baptist Church on Tucs- i day next, i7to inst. The rear which has jnst closed is reported to be "the best of all in conversions," On Sunday the Rev. Dr. Marshall, at Scots Church, and the Rev. J. Alwyn Rwen, at the Cairns Memorial Church, dealt with dm religious faith of Edison, as published by '"The Argus" in an article taken from the London "Daily News." Both ministers expressed their thankful aees to the great scientist for the "vast and sacred concession" he had made to the truth "that some vast intelligence is governing this and the othe? planets, al though ther regretted that, beside that, there is, theologically, little to thank him for, and his creed, as Mr. Eweti stated, is "painfully bald and crude." The Rev. E. H. Scott, of Kangaroo Flat, adversely criticises, in the "Bendigo Inde pendent," the proposal to form a new Church of England diocese in Victoria, lie j asks, ""What js the meaning and purport j of this new bishopric idea? Is it a desire to send into our midst greater spiritual force and power, men full of the Hol.v, Ghost, or is it to ?" adding, "I think j I will let the promoters fill the blank." Of Canon Godby's speech in favour of the j project he writes:—"As a bit of oratory | the speech was clever. He tried to cajole j us, persuade us, frighten us, Hatter us. lie raised hopes, evoked fears, pulled out the superstition stop, trotted out the auc tioneer's dodge of 'never such a bargain again* and even went so far as to venture a little mild bullying. The canon only overlooked one thing in his masterly speech, i.e., the men of the north were not a pack of fools." "The Church Council of Western Aus tralia" was inaugurated in Perth last month. The eouneil is formed for the pre sent of representatives from the Baptist., Congregational, Methodist, and Presby terian churches, and its objects are—"To facilitate fraternal intercourse and co-opera tion among the churches; to encourage de votional fellowship and mutual counsel concerning the spiritual life and religious activities of the churches; to advocate the New Testament doctrine of the church, and to defend the rights of the associated churches; to promote the application of the law of Christ in every relation of human life." At the first meeting of the council the Rev. D. Ross, Presbyterian minister, of Perth, was elected president, and delivered an inaugural address, which the Rev. G. E. Rowe described as "lovely and able." Mr. Ross is the minister who has just re ceived a call ,to the St. Kilda Presbyterian Church to succeed the late Dr. Robinson. The "Ballarat Courier" writes of the Rev. Henry Howard's mission:—"The attractive personality of .the Rev. Henry Howard is' stamped on the 12 days* mission being con-1 ducted at the Alfred Hall by the Ballarat | Evangelical Alliance. As the man is so is j the service, and his marked individuality, impressive,, but never aggressive, catches the notice instantly, and men who 'drop in just for a minute to see what is going on* stay to listen. The earnestness ana force of the preacher generally kept in re straint, but sometimes flaahmg out_ into j OldWUlif uuv p an appeal of dramatic power, ^give a vitality to the service that is too often lacking at these missions, and it is this life, this j movement, which has given the present one j so much of its attraction." "God has not "left His universe, and gone] gone off on a vacation, forgetful that He has creatures depending on His mercy and, goodness; and, though He has hidden His secret from the yyorloiy-wisc, yet He has re vealed it to the humble, believing soul. In gis word, and in His Son, Jesus Christ, ^ e has taught us a better secret than thai secret of a Supreme Intelligence, even the j secret of His infinite goodness, and here stooping down from heaven to the loneli ness bf earth to save Mind, wandering sin- j nen, who have 'stubbed' their souls ugatoit eternal law, and who would have wept qut tbetrlivea in sorrow, pain, and despair, had j |#ot Supreme Compassion, * infinity ttorei than Supreme Inidutgeaoa] aalvation, J^;pes$&;:: and] 