Literature, Art, lite. — * — . But wordfi are thing's, and a email drop of ink, Palling like dew upon a thought, produces that which makes thousands, perhaps millions, think. Among the literary men that have recently " gone over" iB M. Emile Erckmann, who, with his collaborator M. Chatrian, wrote those charming little stories known as the Erckmann- Ohatrian novels. Born at Phalsbourg in Alsace, M. Erckmann gave some delightfully beautiful sketches of life in his native Vosges, there being little doubt that most of the characters in these little books were living men and women, and that the author lived among them, and gave them to us as he saw and knew them. For it is an open secret the M. Erckmann constructed the stories, M. Chatrian taking the part of censor, rendering the novels more attractive by cutting out and adding thereto, and doing yeoman's work in facing and making the best bargains with publishers, a work that M. Erckmann, with the true poetical instinct, could not do with much measure of success. Tbeco. worked harmoniously for many years during which time they produced the " Blockade," " Conscript," " Dr Maltheus," " Madame Thercse," " Waterloo," " The History of a Peasant," in four books—including "The States General," " The Country in Danger," " The Tear 1 of the Republic," and " Citizen Buonaparte." These, and many others, full of the most charming characters and situations, comprising a series of tales told with a style so full of captivating simplicity that it is to be hoped that these excellent little works will live Ioug to fascinate our young people and their elders whose spirit never grows old. As historians these novelists have given some invaluable additions to Revolutionary and Napoleonic lore, the pictures of peasant life during these stirring times bearing the stamp of true originality, particularly the frightful sufferings of the peasantry in pre- Revolutionary times so graphically depicted in " The States General." Among the most graphic descriptions of battle scenes with which the books abound, mention may be made of the street fight in " Madame Theresa," as described by the little boy. The side of the square " bending in like a bow," before the cavalry onslaught, and the volley that caused 4 all our plaster to fall" are delineatious full of graphic realism. Then the excellent sound common sense pervading the whole of the stories. Just one example, terna after the Napoleonic Wars, and, inconnection with Universal Disarmament, exceedingly apropos:—" And the workmen and the easants shouted Peace for Ever, Pecause men were tired of wandering about like homeless vagabonds, and getting knocked on the head for what did not concern them." With this apt quotation and the praise and thanks of thousands of grateful readers we close these recollections by hoping M Erckmann will have a good time among the many lovable men and women he told us about in that simple charming style of his. Miss Mary Angela DickenB has written a new story dealing with life ini the greenroom, and given it the title of " On the Edge of a Precipice." Over 100,000 copies of the sixpenny edition of that fascinating work " With Kitchener to Khartoum " has been ordered. London critics maintain that " Daughters of Babylon " is a fai more finished production than "The Sign of the Cross." Doubtless this is due to the Bhare Robert Hichens had in the writing of the book, since his name appears on the title page in conjunction with that of Wilson Barrett. Mr J. A. Turner, an artist who has made a special study of Australian bush scenery has had a successful sale of a collection of his works in Melbourne recently. One of his most ambitious paintings is entitled " The Enemy," and depicts the scene of a bush fire in Gippsland, with a party of men engaged in fighting the destroyer which is approaching too closely the homstead. Mr Turner is happy in hispourtrayal of local color. Thus the " Melbourne Argus " :— Mr J. H. Scheltema, who is wellknown in Melbourne as an artist of ability, with a special leaning towards cattle subjects, has returned from a prolonged trip to Europe, and has taken a studio in Cromwell-buildings, Bourke-street, where he shows the artistic results of his tour. Mr Scheltema has been away for nearly 12 months, and during that time be has visited Switzerland, Belgium, and Holland on the look- out for attractive subjects for his brush, and has also been to Tunie, where he made many studies of Moorish figures and architecture. In his native Holland, Mr Scheltema painted two large studies of cattle, and one of them, which shows a couple of black and white cows, with their calves, resting in the low fiats near the Hague, is a specially interesting picture. James Milne, who became intimately acquainted with Sir George Grey dur- .ing the years he spent in England prior to his death, is bringing out a book dealing with the life and memoirs of that statesman, under the happy title of " The Romance of a Pro-Consul." Richard Le Gallienne's new novel " Young Lives " is published by J. W. Arrowsmith, and a still new story The Worshipper of the Image" is in the bands of John Lane for publication. Mr Geo. Webb, an artist well-known in Melbourne, who has been working at his art in Adelaide for the last two years, has just completed a life-size portrait of the late lamented Dr. Allan Campbell, M.L.C.. which has been purchased by the relatived of the deceased gentleman. Mr John Peele, who had a sale of N.Z. paintings in Perth last year, has just had a successful sale of more of his works in Adelaide. Another magazine for boys is announced by Newnes, the price only 6d, and the title " The Captain." Doubtless Charles M. Sheldon has kicked the beam with his semi- religious novel " In His Steps," for it is reported that in America alone two million copies of the work have been sold, while in England no less than a dozen publishers are issuing the book. Clement K. Shorter is responsible for the statement that Dickens is far more widely read and appreciated now than at any time since he began writing. Though dead he yet speaketh. The appreciation of Webster's International Dictionary, from the pen of the Rev. David Ross, M.A., published in the " Morning Herald" of Saturday last, is well worth reading. Mr Robert J. Haddon, formerly of the W.A. Artists' Society, is doing very well in Adelaide, and is to read a paper before the Easel Club in that city next month, the subject being " Arts and Crafts." The "Studio" gives very good attention to the works of the'Australian artists which have been shown at the recent exhibition in London, and seven of the pictures have been reproduced in its pages. Syd. Long, Lister Lister, Frank Mahoney, Albert Hanon, Vander Welden, Salvana and Garlick are names synonomous of various styles of painting, and it is pleasing to know that their works have obtained a certain amount of recognition in England. Mrs Delvis Broughton, an artist well known in Melbourne, has been awarded second " Studio " prize for her painting eutitled "Little Tat," which is an " Interior " picture, showing an old lacemaker at work with pillow on knee, intent on the fascinating craft of lace-making. Novelist Slaughter chose, in collaboration with Miss Dale, a singular title for the new story which in the work of their several pens, viz., " Two Fortunes and Old Patch." It is a tale of English and Indian life with a good deal of the sporting element mingled in the yarn, and is light and breezy in style. " Children, Racehorses, and Ghosts" is the voluminous title of the collection of shoi t stories emanating from the pen of Edward H. Cooper. In bis introduction to "Quentin Durward" the latest volume of Ninno's border edition of Scott, Audrew Lang says :—" The liberty taken with history is slight, and is confessed; the diamatic circumstances of Louis's visit to Charles the Bold, the inopportune outbreak of the revolt which Louis had fomented in Liege; the imprisonment of the king in the donjon, where Charles the Simple had been murdered —these events supply Sir Walter with his motive, and he most skilfully combines all with the adventures of his Scotch soldier of fortune. Here no Deus ex inachina is needed; here the love- affair in an inevitable consequence of romantic proximity, not a mere sop to the public taste for a love story. The somewhat heavy and mechanical pleasantries of other tales are conspicuously absent; in " Quentin Durward" all hasU-ns to the predeteimined conclusion, through scenes gorgeous, stimulating, and in accord with historical truth of manners and events. The landscape, the environment, are novel; the patriotic genius finds room and impulse among the Scottish Guard, descendants of Jeanne d'Arc's heroic companions-in-arms. All the characters are full of blood and life, all play their parts to admiration; and "Quentin Durward" was not only applauded in France for its French coloring, but because, in this romance, the French genius recognised Scott's most finishedand most perfect work of art." The "Studio's" leading article is devoted to Mr Wilfred Ball, RE., who iB the hon. sec. of the Royal Anglo-Australian Society of Artists, a distinguished painter-etcher. A reproduction, full page size, is given of his etching of " Venice from the Lido," which was shown in the Paris salon. An interview with the celebrated novelist, Mrs W. K. Clifford, is contributed by Miss Maty Angela Dickens of the March number of the " Windsor Magazine." Mrs Clifford, it seems, is a burner of the midnight oil. She has great faith in regular work which is done to order, or because the hour for work has struck. When she is not inclined for creative work she simply fills up her time in other ways. Neither has she any faith in the afternoon hours. "The afternoon is no good," she is wont to say, " except for novels, tea, and walking." Mrs Meade has produced over one hundred works of fiction,and is still a lady in her prime. Mrs Hodgson Burnett began her literary career in earnest at the early age of fifteen. Reverses had come to her family by reason of the Lancashire cotton famine, and she was anxious to help the family funds. Edna Lyall began to write stories when she was about nine years old. She wrote, as she says, " for the joy of writing," and because she could not resist the craving to describe the beloved heroes and heroines who filled her young imagination. Lord Russell, the Lord Chief Justice, calls the American Sunday papers " monumental and awful," and says that they remind him of an old gentleman in England who read his weekly paper thoroughly, but was gradually getting farther and farther behind the current issue, owing to the size of the paper. Mrs Nansen, the wife of the great explorer, was before her marriage a singer. Like most Swedish women, she speaks English well, and is very fond of British illustrated papers. Indeed, most of the leading periodicals find thfiir way to their picturesque home at Ly&aker;, a village near Christiania. With characteristic energy and industry M. Zola, quietly lodged in an English town, has set to work with his pen. He has undertaken not one, but a series of three novels, [t is to be the final completion of the familiar Romgon-Macquart series. Arrangements have been made with a London publisher for the simultaneous appearance of the work in this country and in France. It is remarkable (says " New Ireland ") that a new novel by Charles Lever should wait for publication 1899; but the fact remains that " Gerald Fitzgerald, the Chevalier," has not hitherto been known except to the possessors of the " Dublin University Review," long since dead. The romance deals with the Rebellion of '45 and the Young Pretender. Its publication in book form will be awaited with interest. Thackery was more of a philosopher than a pessimist if he is to be judged by the following letter sent to the daughter of an old friend on the occasion of the latter's death: I send no condolements about the departure of your good old father. He was readv, I suppose, and his passport made out for the journey. Next couies our little turn to pack up and depart. To stay is well enough, but shall we be very sorry to go ? What more is there in life that we haven't tried ? What we have tried is so very much worth repitition or endurance F I have just come from a beefsteak and potatoes (one franc), a bottle of claret (five francs), both excellent of their kind, but we can part from them without a very sore pang, and note that we shall get no greater pleasure than these from this time to the end of our days. What is a greater pleasure? Gratified ambition, accumulation of money—what? Fruition of some sort of desire, perhaps ? When one is twenty, yes; but at forty-seven ! M. Dugas, a Frenchman, has (says " Science Shiftings ") written an extremely interesting paper on " Timidity." He finds that the vast majority of people are timid in their youth, a considerable minority remain timid all their lives. Timidity leads to meditation and analysis. It enters into the temperament of the philosopher and man of science. Per contra, a thoroughly Btupid man is seldom stupid. Firgil, Horace, Benjamin Constant, Michelet, and Amiel were all notably timid men M. Dugas notes that in the intellectual man you are apt to find great speculative hardihood combined with a practical timidity. Carlyle'e is the typical case. The mere thought of having to order a coat or buy a pair of gloves caused him the mostacuce discomfort. In its extreme type timidity approaches the malady of the will, which some medical dictionaries call agoraphobia—the dread of the crowd, of the gaze of other people. All pu lie sDeakers have known this feeling—even, it is said, the brazen M. Rochfort. Cicero, used as he was to the rostrum, was prevented by " blue funk " from delivering his " Milonian " speech. M. Sarcey, who has lectured every week for twenty years, says he has never been able to conquer his timidity. Paillet, a famous Parisian advocate, was so nervous that he used to say he half hoped some accident would happen to —BTRON. ^bim in the street on his way to the court, so that he might be prevented from appearing. Veteran actors, when they are worth their salt, seldom get ver their " stage-fright." Mr Mackie, Anglican Chinese Perth missionary, says "there's more in the •Chinaman than people imagine." There will not be found many to dispute this statement. Continuing, Mr M. proves that he has, phrenologically, " Hope, large," for he thought that ia another 20 years they would be sending their own miBsionpries to China; and he felt sure that it would b3 either the Chinese or -Japanese missionaries who would eventually win over to Christianity those four hundred million heathen souls living in -China. This is a fairly large order. It is doubtful whether even an American firm would care to take the 400,000,000 in one let. There is much to be said on the saving to be effected by euch a course. To do it: They'll work full time iu the Gospel mills, And cake those heathen, much like pills, In quantities ot largest *ize, And iu that way—cnouomise. 