FRANCIS CAREW. CHAPTER XLI. HABDLV had the words ' I will come' passed Mabel's lips than she would have given anything to recall them. ' Caleb,' she whispered again. But no doubt he had counted upon a possible change of mood, knowing women so well. ' Be ready—in one hour from now, or five minutes after the coast's clear!' was all he said, before he crept away round the corner. Well, then—the deed must be done. And but a short time ago she would have done the deed without a grain of scruple or a shadow of fear. Absence had done nothing to change her lover— could it be she that had chbnged ? Some sort of change there was assuredly : and she wasted the first portion of her last hour of freedom in wondering what .the change could be. But thought had fallen into Buch an entanglement between heart and mind, that no amount of thinking could help her now. It was all wrong. She wished she had never met Captain Quickset. She wished, how she wished, that she had never sent Francis Carow away. She wished that Mr. Vernon instead of the Parson had fished her up out of the sea. What was Francis doing now ? What would be say if he could see the WOUIBD for whose least whim be bad gone into exile preparing for (light with a rival, and that rival his own familiar friend ? Well—it was to be hoped he had forgotten his folly : and no doubt he had, by now. Then she went over all the old ground—how it would be all for the beBt: how Bhe owed it to the Vicar to make a brilliant match, in case the Captain should reccver his grandeur and power : how she owed devotion and loyalty to Caleb himself so long as he continued persecuted and poor. But she could not bring herself to that exalted mood in which self-sacrifice becomes a plain and simple thing. And that her flight with Caleb would amount to self sacrifice her heart of hearts bad gone a long way in learning. For half a moment she seriously thought of going to bed, and answering Caleb's signal by pulling the blankets over her ears. Perhaps she might wake up and find her troubles gone—might once more with a clear conscience hear the waking pigs salute day, and use her wits to better purpose than in getting clandestine letters from the housekeeper at Hornaeombe. She began to pine for the old peace, when Parson Pengold represented all mankind. But no—when one is loved by a lion, one must not drive him to despair. He would assuredly burn the house down, and carry her off, like the cavalier of the ballad, in the flames ; or he would deliver himself up to the blood-hounds who were after him, as he had sworn, with a curse upon the perfidy of all womankind. And the Parson ? But that did not much trouble her. At the best he would gain a patron—perhaps a mitre : at the worst he would be relieved of having to support a useless and troublesome girl. ' If I were a fat pig, he would caro a little then,' thought she. 1 It is not as if his pipe were going to run away, or as if he really minded when his wig gets awiy.' At last, however, delay as 6he might, she felt the time draw near. The voiceB below had sunk into silence: ehe had heard the door open and shut, and the broken garden-gate clatter and scream. Mr. Vernon had gone. She would never see Old Pigtail again. And oh, what would he say ? It was strange : but what this stranger might think troubled her more than all else besides. She might, with a littlo patience, have discovered that it was ho who, by force of contrast, bad put her somothing out of conceit with what had once dazzled her eyes. But she bad no time for patience now—not a minute more. If she let herself think in that direction she would never go at all: and go she must—that was the only thing that was clear. She had never learned to look upon the Vicarage as her home, but some remembrance of it she muBt take, lest she should never see again the house where she had been so dull. There was her mother's crucifix —she must take thatand, in a word, she brought her courage to the point, and carried her candle softly downstairs. There is supposed to be something romantic about elopements to engage even middle-aged sympathies, and to brand them who oppose them as tyrants, who would part true lovers, and hinder true love from having its way. But, realizing all the cowardices, the tiickeries, the meannesses, which must needs make up the details of all such affairs, it is very difficult indeed to say why. The only sort of elopement worthy of respont was Young Locliinvar's—there was nothing about that which a gentleman might not ask a lady to go through for his sake, and love's, and liberty's. Mabel felt her pride shrink miserably as she crept into the bower that she no longer had the right to call her own. Well—it is the woman who always, or nearly always, has to go through the worst of such things. And, as Caleb Quickset was not only waiting, but waiting in discomfort, he clearly had no attention to spare for any mere mental miseries that Mabel had to endure. What miseries should she be having, indeed ?. She had gone through all the proper and common forms; she had said her can't, and her won't, and her must'nt, and her pleas for delay, and her coynesses, and all the other proper thipgs, and was now free to revel in the prospect of being Mrs. Caleb Quickset before another four-and-twenty hours were gone. What more enchanting prospect could any girl enjoy? She was not hungry with driving a gig from Barnstaple, She was not cold withkneeling at a window, and colder still with standing behind a corner round which the wet sea-wind blew. She' was not all alone in the dark, and—if the truth must be told—a trifle afraid. Not that Captain Quickset was afraid of the dark, after the manner of a child; for not onlyWEB he fully grown up, but a good deal of his professional work, and all his pastime, had exceedingly little to do with sunshine, But a hero has a Wtoric right to be nervous when on the (threshold of his grandest coup. Who would ever have believed that he, Caleb Quiobset, whose greatest success hitherto (despite all his impudence and all his craft) had been to develop from a walking gentleman on the provincial boards into a lawyer's dirty-work man —who, he asked, would ever have dreamed that this Caleb Quickset would be engaged in carrying off the greatest heiress in the County of Kent and in Devon besides ? How old Ware of Tunbridge would stare and grovel to find his out-of-door clerk changed into Caleb Quickset Heron, Esquire, prospectively of Wrenehaw; for he had quite made up his mind to assume hiB father-inlaw's name and arms. It would please the old gentleman, and look ever so much better on cards. He would get a commission—the militia would do, seeing it was war time—and become a Captain indeed. Of course there might be Bome trouble with certain old comrades, male and female; but they were a blackguard lot, whom a gentleman could afford to treat with scorn. And see what came of being a frugal man— if he had not made the most of Frank Carew's mare, not to speak of other little matters which had all gone to fill the secret money-box at home, he might have missed this magnificent prize for want of means to cut a dash and to pay the post-boys. No wonder ho felt nervous, even while shaking hands so cordially that he almost made them warm. He, too, at last heard tho door open and close, and the garden-gate clatter and scream. He waited for a good while, to give the coast ample time to clear—then time enough for the Parson to begin snoring. Then he ventured another handful of small shingle upon Mabel's window-pane. He waited another minute ; and then tried another cast, a trifle sharper. But there was no answering sign. 1 Confound the girl!' muttered the poor fellow aloud, bis teeth chattering, and his fingers getting numb with cold. ' And confound you, you vermin !' all at once thundered behind him, while a heavy hand, descending like n hammer upon an anvil, clutched his collar, nsarly dislocating his neck, and sent the frozen blood tingling through his veins. ' Who are you, throwiug stones at honest men's windows at nigh half-past one ? . . , Captain Quickset, by all that's blue !' For one moment, the Captain shrank and cowered into hie shoes. But Mabel, also, had suffered a surprise. She had crept into her bower like a thief; although it was not ehe who was stealing, but who was being stolen. She tet down her candle. Once more she thought of turning back, though ehe knew it could no longer be done To have gone through all this self-torment all for nothing—she would never be able to look in the looking-glass again for the rest of her days. Anything rather than depend any longer upon herself ; anything to escape from a life that was no life; anything to have done with lies. But what was her dismay, and how her heart sank, when she heard slow, Bteady steps along the passage, and presently saw the shadows change about the half-open door. It was not the Parson's unmistakable footstep ; it was not the maid's ; and there was nobody in the houBe but herself and theSe two. Hornaeombe was haunted, and so had Derrick's cottage been of late ; but not the Vicarage, despite its being next door to the churchyard, that she had ever heard. Hurredly she blew out the candle. Ghost or not, it could have nothing to do with her bower. Moreover she crossed herself, and whispered a prayer by way of a charm. Alas'. the charm was in vain. The steps did stop at her door; the new candle-light did enter therein. A rob ber ? No—Stoke Juliot was too well occupied with robbing the King and the sea to have time for vulgar burglary. If this was the sort of thing that happens to people who sit up late at night, never, so long as she lived, would she sit up at night again. Happily, the candles of thoBe days were not things that carried about with them a flood of light, and it was easy enough for her to vanish into tho window-seat and to hide behind the hang- ings drawn before the bow. She could also hold the hangings so as to peep out; and, though ber alarm was great, curiosity was stronger still. And it was then came her surprise. Holding the curtain between one thumb and finger, just enough apart for a single eye to peep between, she saw no ICSB a person than Old Pigtail; and alone. He had not left the house, then, after all. But why had he remained, and not in (he spare bed-chamber if it was too late to go home ? Or had he really gone when the gate chattered and then secretly returned ? In any case, why should he be prowling about the house at such an hour ? He set down hiB lighted candle beside her dead one, and closed the door. She noticod his face before he turned his back to the light, and she noticed a grave, sad, weary look, such as ehe could never, without seeing it have associated with its normal expression of refined placidity. He looked like a man who had relieved himself of a mask, and she was startled to see how much older and grayer his face really was than she had believed. Since she had bidden him good-night, and left him to talk to the Parson, he seemed to have aged ten years. Nor bad it struck her till now that there was a mystery about this man. After all, it was straDg®, when she came to think of it, that a man so fitted to enjoy and help others to enjoy (he world should bury himself away in a miserable corner like Stoke Juliot, with a bundle of rhymes. Could he be haunted by remorse for any sin or crime ? Could he be like Caleb, iD hiding from a world of which, now that she was about to cross its threshold, ehe was beginning to be somewhat afraid ? But nothing of all this aocounted for his prowling about her own special room, whon all but poaohers, smugglers and lovers ought to be asleep and dreaming. Presently he walked to her crucifix over the bowl of flowers, and regarded it intently '-still. At last he laid it down on the table with a heavy sigh. ' Poor Peggy!' said he. And— Poor girl!' 1 A sigh? Nay, it was sob that she heard—a.man's sob; the sound that no woman, though her whims and humors have no better mother than the BOB, ca bear to hear. Mabel tried to hold even her breath, feeling that though this was her own room, she waB the intruder, and not he. It was as if she were looking straight into this old man's heart, and so profaning the law that hides hearts from eyes. She would almost aB soon that he bad looked into her own. So he, old as he was, had a love-story too. . . . And why not ? He muet have been a handsome man in his youth, and there was a charm about him even now. Mabel began almost to forget herself for the moment in the eight of a man who had loved and had not forgotten. And Peggy—Peggy was dead, of course, and that was why old Pigtail was so all alone and so odd in his ways. ' If I died, who would cry over me when he is old ?' she asked herself silently. And ehe flushed crimson in the dark when her heart answered her— So distinctly the name came upon her that she seemed to have heard it with her ears. But she had no time to think about that: her ears without question heard something else—the tinkle of shingle upon a window-pane. Caleb had come back for lier—what on earth was to be done now ? She was imprisoned in a bow- window, with Old Pigtail before her and heavy shutters, bolted and barred, behind. It was despair. Again the shingle tinkled on her lattice. But there was no time for despair now, with the bellow of the Parson's thunder and the thud of his lie's in her ears, and only a shutter between. She tore aside the curtains and burst into the room. ' Good God—Peggy!' exclaimed Mr. Vernon, Btarting from liis se.it, and overthrowing table, crucifix, vaBe, flowers, and all, as if a ghost had suddenly come back to him from the grave. ' For Heaven's sake, Sir !' she cried, don't lose an instant—go out to them ; one of them will be killed !' ' Oh !' Ho tried to regain his composure as best ho might; but that was 110 easy task for a man suddenly found by an excited girl in her own private room at midnight, standing in the middle of a general overthrow. And then, what else might she not have heard and seen of what would make a grave and silent man prefer any other torture te that of discovery? 'Killed? Oh, DO. Only the Parson thought there was something wrong in the sty, be heard such a whining and wheezing outside; and while he went out I strolled in here to see your museum. But it is bad for your eyes to be up so late—very bad indeed. What can I say ? I'm afraid I've been taken with a faintness ; I am at times—' 'Hark! Can't you hear?' Indeed he must have been deafer than Horneek's Steeple if he had not heard the slam of the bouse-door and the whirlwind in which the Parson returned from his visit to the sties. He was portentous in his wrath: his wig was where never wig had beon seen before, and his veins and musoles swelled liko a bull's. ' That's what comes of prowling round my hen-roosts,' thundered he, with a look at Mr. Vernon full of meaning. ' Thafe for number one ! Number two will get something more than a shaking, as sure as that's my fist and these are my toes. If only the whipper snap - per had shown fight, he'd have got off with more than a shaking too—but one can't knock a man down that won't stand up, worse luck. Girl—take off your hat and go to your room.' But there is one grand thing about mat'ors at their worst : if one has a grain of courage, out it comes. Mabel fuund hers. ' Is he safe ?' asked she. 'Be safe? As safe as (wo wheels and six heels can make him—a gig's, and a horse's and his own. It's you, my lass, that I mean to see safe : and what's more, I will,' said hp, with another look of thunder at Mr. Vernon, who certainly, unloss he had been startled out of bis courtesy, ought forthwith to have gone. ' I'll make the rounds every night, and I'll begin now with the kitchen door. My spoons aren't silver, but they cost too much to lose. Still Mr. Vernon lingered. He could hardly misjudge the meaning of Mabel's waiting in the dark after midnight, hatted and cloaked, while a gig and a driver were also waiting ou'side. ' I think wo are friends, child,' he said gently. At any rate, I am yours—and you promised to come to me whenever you need help or are in trouble, whatever it may be. . . . Mr. Pengold has told me to night that you are engaged to be married to my landlord, Mr. Carew, now a prisoner" of war in France—a gentleman of good birth and character and fair fortune. Is it not true ?' ' Oh, Sir ! I am the most miserable girl in the world ! I don't know if it's true : but ' ' You don't love him ? You have seen someone else you love more? Come, child, don't be afraid—everything always cornea right, unless one is afraid : and then it's bound to go wrong. Don't you know that cowardice is the sin of sins 'i No—there is one worse. It is to bo a slave. If you are being forced to an engagement with Mr. Carew against your will, loving anothor, I tell you, as I will tell Mr. Pengold, that you are right, and he is wrong. If to run away was the only thing left you—the only thing, mind—you were right to run away. But it was not the only thing : and so far you are to be blamed : yes, my child : severely blamed.' She had never been spoken to in this wise, at onoe with tenderness that stung and with sharpness that did not wound. She was touched and melted—and that he was speaking with heart knowledge, and not merely with the dry light of the head, none could tell bettor than ehe who had soon that heart laying itsolf bare. ' What could I have done ?' asked she. ' Mabel—how can you aBk ! You should have come to Me.' 'To you ? Oh, Sir—you would—you are—but what could you do ? How could you understand ?' 'Not understand—that you should love a man who loves you ? And what could I do? You shall see. . . . Tell trying carry off his lady love in the good old n style!' 6 ' A gentleman ?' It was less his words than his whole manner that filled Mabel with a new emotion as if, in a desolate and bewildering world, she bad at last found a pilot whom she might trust without fear. Or rather it was less his manner itself than the knowledge that he, aleo, had had his romance, and that out of the fulnesB of hiB own heart his lipB were speaking to her ears. He was indeed different from any man the pool: girl had ever known ; if he had told her bigger lies than her Quickset, she would have believed them, and if Bhe hesitated about declaring her lover a gentleman, it was because that would have been placing another mortal on the same level as Old Pigtail. All that he was, what could any other mortal be? ' I mean, said he,' is he one who, if I were your own father, 1 you would have no doubt about asking me to receive as your husband and my son ?' He is a soldier, Sir ' ' And not fighting the frog- eat era ? Well, I suppose that's turn and turn. Come—is he old or young : high or low ; rich or poor ? I won't ask you if he's handsome—every lover is that to his own lass. Nor if he's good—you can't tell that within a month from the wedding day.' ' He is—everything : except—except ' Oh, Sir, I know not how to say. He has powerful enemies who are aiming at his life, so that he dares not court me openly, as even a fisherman might a dairy-maid. No, Sir. You can't help him. Nobody can. I have Bworn not to nam9 even hiB name.' ' Mr. Vernon suddenly looked grave. ' I'm sorry to hear that,' Baid he. ' But as I at length am no enemy of his, or any man's, and may pretend to some power of my own, I think I can undertake to put that straight, is That is a big "if" though. . . Do you trust me ? I mean as you would trust a friend whom you had known ' ' She thought of " Peggy." ' Indeed, Sir, I do ! I trust you as if you were my own father. And would to Heaven you were'.' ' Mabel! Then, by Heaven, so it shall be ! It Bhall be " it" no' more. Your lover, if he is the gallant fellow he has shown himself, will come again —you shall bid him come, for you have a post-office between you, I'll be bound. We used to, when 1 was young. . . And then I will see him; and, one way or another, all shall be well. I won't ask you to trust me, for you mutt, and you do.' Was Bhe violating her promise to her lovor? She did not stop to ask—Bhe was so convinced of Old Pigtail's good faith that to doubt it never entered her mind; not even so much as a thought to be dismissed the moment it came. She only knew that, if he took matters in band, all must needs be well. ' Good,' said Old Pigtail. ' Then run off to bed before the Parson's done with the back door. And don't be afraid— I'll make it all right for you with him, too.' (TO BE CONTINUED 0 ' Francis Carew.' 