Vrom our owsi (-orrospoil dents. BEACHPORT. October 18. We have had a special experience of weather both hot and wintry served Up lately. Captain H. C. Pearce passed a way last Friday from heart disease, aged 74 years. The Captain was one of the old *chool of mariners and first went to sea in 1987. and climbed up the hard ladder of promotion until he commanded some fine ships. He -has had a very chequered career indeed. On one occasion when in China his ship the Moultan being anchored and thought safe, was carried inshore some 70 yards and left high and dry. It was a pleasure to sit and listen to the captain's old time yarns ! of moving accidents by flood or field. He commanded the 4ne passenger ship Tartar for about 18 years running to West Australia and London, and this ship was at the time the dipper vessel running to West Australia with passengers. The funeral took place on Sunday last, the service being conducted by the Rev. E. V. Simpkinson, M.A., (C.E.), the pall bearers being Captain White, Captain Weir, Mr. p. Kiley, Mr. E. Riley, and Mr. Davies, Sen. The Rev. Simpkinson said a few words .at the grave, emphasising the lesson that wan in death for the living. In the evening at the Church of England the preacher made referance to his straighforward Christain life and that no one had a grievance against the late Captain. ^ Captain Pearce was one of those quiet men who do man? a quiet action by helping those in need and blush to find it fame. He will he missed. He was twice married and leaves a grown up family ai d widow. Only about 18 or 14 went by the special passenger train to Mount Gambier this morning, the influenza I fancy being .responsible for many absentees. . TANTANOOLA, October 18. Our cricketers are on the warpath again. They held their preliminary mealing; last Saturday, when Mr. A. j. Rogers presided., The bnlance-slu-et showed a credit balance of j£4. The election of officers resulted as follows :— President Mr. J. Livingston, with several Vice-Presidents, Treasurer Mr. J. Lane, Secretary Mr. W. J. Beaton, Captain Mr. J. Richards, Vice-Captain Mr. M. Telfer. General Committee—Messts. Rogers, F. Richards, F. Telfer and S. Godfrey to act with" other -officers. Selection Committee—Captain, ; Messrs. J; Love abd ! A. Humphries '•> •":-;.!P£lii*i!e • 'suri-otmding districts tti^%e:lrtclihed td thii&thjit; Tantanoola vlrjikli^l^riBjj with milk artd money when they learn: that 6,000 gallons* *>f fliilk frere Biippited to the Butter. Cheese and '' a -; factory last ''^ceH^m^^e^et;; last a Hi J. B. MIT The public of Tantanoola, who have been making anxious enquiries after Mrs. R. Kennedy since she underwent surgical treatment for cancer, aie pleased to learn that she is progressing favorably. At the close of the meeting between the Public Hall Trustees and the deputation last Saturday, Mr. Telfer said he had lately received an anonymous letter re the results of the Public Hall meetings, and there were cries of " Don't read it." Jt was. however, resolved that it should be read, but not entertained. The said letter proved to be the production of some morbid, maudlin, mamby-pamby individual, with Annanias or Saphira proclivities, signed "Stand Fast," but which should have been alliteratively signed " Stagnation and Stench." Results of Reading—indignation, contempt and ridicule. MOUNT MCINTIRE OCTOBER 16th, A meeting of those connected with the local cooperative society was convened for the afternoon of the 13th lust, to consider tbe question of regularly organising and registering the association, but as all those belonging to it did not turn up the matter Was postponed. HowpVer, those present had a very good time, as during the afternoon the men folk indulged in cricket with the ladies . as onlookers. In the evening a concert was held. with Mr. R. J Williams in the chair. Judging by the enthusiastic applause following each item, the audience thoroughly enjoyed themselves.' Tbe The programme was.as fo! lows;—Instrumental. duet, Mr. and Mrs. J. RedFord ; song. Stand by your Mother, Mr. Jas. Brooks, which Was encored when he gave "The Maid of Tarlee," recitation. ** A Similar Case," Mr. R. Campbell; reading, "A Ghost Story," (O'Malley) Mr, R. J. Williams; gong, " She. wasn't far out," Mr. J. Bedford (encored); song, Miss Prider; reading from*' Sam Slick." by Mr. R; Campbell; song, Kate of Itillarney," Mrs. Bedford; dialogue, " The Irish Schoolmaster," by Masters C. and A. Redford; recitation " The old Colonel explains," by Mr. R. J. Williams. A dance followed f\e above and was thoroughly enjoyed by all engaged in it, notwithstanding the sraallness of the building for such a purpose. -Mr. Hanel acted as M.C. 