\- . CUtfllENT TOPICS. "Fools rush In .where angels fear to tread," It 1b' -.vlthln the bounds of possibility that some learned Sydney City Councillor may apply the foregoing dictum to. the councils of lielclihardt. Petersham, and Ashlleld, which have actually had the fesoludlou to declare that Incineration is the, proper method for des troying garbage, and /are golhig to set about Instituting a destructor. The councils named iiiijjiit) iiunuyci, uciuy uiMl wucu me uiuci manic "angels" are deluding themselves Into the belief they are making valuable inquiries, when they are really Indulging In heavy s'.umbor, It Is time, not for > fools, but for live business men ,-to rush 'in, and effect sometiilng. So Lelichhardt, jpetersham and Ashfieli! will probably have tb|elr destructors, while our own Rip Van Wlnklris' are patiently- waiting for 'that final lnclneriitlon to 'which we took the liberty of referring on a pre vious cccasion. The strongest thing done for sd|mc years by a French Government Is the exclusion of the Patriot League from the funerni of the late President, 'rhis League Is the last refuge of the AHtl-Semltic Party. It was smarted under a prdgfamme vague enough to catch the un itary of all colours, the intention; being con cealed under a pretence of bt'lngfitig together all In France that is "Intellectual," not ''anti-military i" and hot "anti-Krench." But the. Intention blazed out very soa-n, and the League received Very severe castl Rations ifrOm Bolhe of the most prominent iVfit hrs In Paris. The first official check it met wiith tras the prohibition against joining IssUe h to the of ficers of the army. Oilly tHe othisrday AI. de Pressense asked the League nlhy, if they wished, to put down all Irl-egula titles, Chey said nothing about the vloicht ancit vile abuse of the Court of Cassation, .'pershtted in for months, by the anti-Semitic journals. Upon this the demahd of the Judges for close car riages at the funeral of the president throws a vivid light. The exclusion of tlie League from the proceedings Is strong enough to be crucial. It iihows that the Republic Is ca pable, after all, of asserting itself for justice. A municipality like Shellharbour, cover ing 30,000 acres, is gigantic; its pigmy re venue of £701 Is unromuntic; and its deslr" to separate Is pedantic. No doubt, one sec tion of the Inhabitants feels aggrieved it it be true that the bulk of the revenues Is spent outside their ward, which everybody knows to be the hub of the universe, and the future site — if there bp virtue In natural beauty and municipal perfection— both of the Paris In ternational exhibition and the federal capi tal. ' But this happens to be n common grievance in every "hub" of every universe. Now. compromise nlso abounds In "hubs" — why not compromise? It would be better than the bankruptcy which all those long roads and separation, will spell out of the three little figures of the pigmy £761. "When -the population of Shellharbour becomes a hundred thousand, sepai-atlon Into four muni cipalities will probably be an accomplished fact. For the present, the proudest "hub" must compromise. To that end all that Is necessary is an arbitration of three heads, hard, practical, and — this Is important — not without u sense of humour. Nothing seems to fill a clvll-military authority quite so full of bliss as the chance to tread upon a purely military person. When, for instance, a British War Office official manages to come down heavily on the head, say, of a Alajor- General, there Is so much happinesB In the War Office that an" outsider might, witnessing It, deem the morning stars Bang together for' Joy. And the rule generally obtains. At the present moment tlie Defence Allnlster person of Victoria Is attempting to take a fall out of that sterling old soldier. Colonel Bingham, the Imperial officer who teaches the Victorian Idea how to shoot, be- ea'use the Colonel seems to have left his office without saying to the Allnlster, "Please, may I go out?" or placing the legend, "Back in 5 minutes," on his door. It Is alleged that the Colonel has gone on "six weeks' leave " with out asking leave. ' Which sounds idiotic. He Is to be recalled and asked to explain. Iri the ultimo push ease the Jury returned u perfectly proper verdict. Here a citizen had been coolly dragged out of a house and brutally kicked to death, In a fashion the pre valence of which gives to its perpetrators an Indefensible title to the halo of deliberate riiurder, coloured black with cruelty , and cowardice. No doubt the Jury felt that for this" horror an' example ought tribe made. But an example can onljiSe made with the right men, and In (his case the wrong men ivere In the' dock. Why. did. the police riot put the right men there?' This is not the only cuse. At Woolloomooloo not many weeks ago a- man was kicked to death deliberately on the wharf, and his. murderers walk about as free as the wind, than which they are even more Idle. But the crime seems to have departed to the dim regions of forgotten things. How long Is this city to he push-ridden? The patriotic Agulnaldo is becoming some what of a nuisance. His flowery manifestoes and his verbal contortions take up too much .of the public eye.- His denunciations of Ame rica are altogether too theatrical to be ac cepted at par, and his assurance, "My coun try will perish In preference to accepting the odious'' dominion of America," merely : shows that he Is prepared to shed the last drop of his brother's blood, in order that Emlllo Agulnaldo may 'pose as a person of far greater Importance than he is. Alost em phatically the Filipinos are utterly unfit for self-government, and they have most con clusively proved It by taking seriously tlie rhodomontade of this man Agulnaldo, who lias a very keen eye for the main chaitce, and does not mind plunging Ills unhappy and somi-civlllsed countrymen into misery In pursuit of his own interests. It was an unkind and unnecessary proceed ing on the part of the French detectives to seize those 10,000 mednls bearing a represen tation, more or less accurate, of the profile of the Duke of Orleans. Of course, had the me dals seized been silver, the Government woul.l have, been justified in annexing so much valuable property, but the Duke of Orleans must have altered very much If he has gone to the expense of giving away silver tokens for an enthusiastic populace to wear at its button-hole, or trade for absinthe. The municipality of Hurstville, not to be out of municipal fashion, has gone painfully to leeward In Its financial arrangements. Ac counts representing close upon £900 are now before the council, and there Is -not a shot In the Hurstville locker. A bank will, however, come to the temporary rescue of the afflicted municipality— but on terms. These include a mortgage on the council-chambers, which, presumably, will Include the municipal roller, water-cart (If any), and wheelbarrow, proba bly also the Alayor's JcwelB of office and his robes. And even then', If the overdraft for £1000 be not paid off within three months, Hie bank, which doesn't seem to have any blind faith In the recuperative power of Hurst ville, will want a personal guarantee from each alderman. On Buch terms even the giddy aldermanic altitude is hardly worth attaining. . It was all a mistake about France and Mus cat. France never desired a port there. She merely looked In to see whether there were any umbrellas to mend, or scissors to grind, and -the fact that she was, had she not been stopped, ..walking away with the. front door mat 1b mei-ely a proof of her amiability, her warm love for England, or anything ap pertaining thereto, and perhaps, In lesser de gree, of France's absence of mind. The Soudan bad been pacified, by thei simple expedient of mowing down with most modern machinery all the wicked, turbulent, Fuzzy- Wuzzles ; the Sirdar, the gifted mover of all the most modern machinery, had gone to England, there to receive decorations, titles, swords of honour,, aijd freedom of cltleO ; tho enthusiastic Englandere had raised an enor mous fund to teach the orphans of the de funct FuzzleB Occidental ologles and isms; the officers -of the army in the Soudan had come out of the- desert, and were enjoying the chaste delights of Cairo, In company, it may he,' with Wrint and Connauglit. "The sea was bright and' the bark rode well!" , "When— puff! A White Squall! Up get the Wtizzles, or their ghosts, 16,000 or 20,000 of them, and once. more the battle will rage, once, again the Soudan must be pacified— all the business has to be done over again, And that, from time Immemorial, has been the atory of the- Soudan! Mr. Atltchell having given up half hlB big collection of books long before the time ori ginally contemplated, the public thus bene fited must first return thanks from the bot tom of Its heabt to one 'of the few Austra lians who have proved that the private en- bowers of public libraries are not confined to Europe arid America. The -next thing the publlq hhs to do is to protest against the necessity for : putting these books lhto the building at i the back," and making rcgula- tkns similar somewhat to t)te existing ones for the admission of the -public. - During the half-year that has elapsed since Air. MlU chell announced his gift - and Its conditions there has been time to get a handsome and convenient library building, not only design ed: but begun, in stone, on "tlie best site la Sydney. No other Government would have hesitated a moment before this handsome offer of 30,000 volumes. This Government does not appear to have given the matter a thought since the offer was made. Probably, after burying the' 15,000 volumes In "that building at the back" It will dismiss the subject for ever. It Is evident that his Excellency the. Go vernor, or his family circle, will' be enabled to carry away more, than one specimen of our chief native industry, in the shape of testimonials, Illuminated, -varniBhed, framed, and glazed. ' No doubt also the Governor, as in duty bound, will, on, receipt of such pre sentations, be. "visibly affected," and will de clare- his intention of cherishing the prlceleVf- things, and handing them. down, even un>. the third and fourth generation. 'At the same time we still fall to see preclsely'what use these instruments can be. to his lordship. Of course; if at any time he should have tq apply for another situation as Governor, he could produce his testimonials, If they .sur-: vlved, as a- proof of his . good character and general fitness for the billet. ,. A correspondent, with some lasted, talent in sophistry, writes to a morning paper to complain that' he has been "upralded"— does tjils mean, as It ought to, that he has been punished ?T-for sweeping In front of his shop after 8 a.m., although hp "carefully watered the pavement" first. He contends that ho would have "escaped censure " had lie swept, without watering, before 8 a.m. In other words, he thinks, If he makes his accumulated disease gep-ms wet, and his. shop mud, he Is entitled to credit! for breaking the bylaw, which enjoins that shop-fronts shall be swept before 8 a.m. and after 7 p.m. Shop-front sweeping' after 8 a.m. Is contrary- to the municipal bylaws, and the officials of the City Council should Initiate prosecutions against all who infringe the regulation referred to, and thus inflict an Intolerable nuisance up on our citizens. ' The matter is dally becoming more urgent. - - - i From Sydney the epidemic of vain words "has reached Melbourne, and we have the "Age" filhng.its columns with claptrap of the order we are accustomed to hear, only the claptrap is of a different colour— to balance the political eyeBlght, The "Age" discovers that Victoria has been shamefully treated, .gulled at .every point, by tlie -wily Held, choused out of everything, and about .to lose her birthright of protection. As a burlesque on what has been written elsewhere this Is screaming, and the caricature Is completed by the gravity with which the "Age" pictures the- situation. The point of. the story is clear enough. Noxv lhat .we. have got to words, and that the words have got to bur-- lesque,' It Is time' for- Federals to shut ears and eyes, and get to the Voting with all pos sible 'speed,- . , . For want of a nail a shoe was lost, arid foe want of . the shoe the horse was lost. So runs the old saying, arid now, fori want of a 'bus conductor, no doubt many .a passenger In lost. Something more serious :,wlll- yet bo lost If this doubtful form of cutting down ex penses. Is continued, for several citizens com plain ' that they- have nearly sustained tho loss of their 'eyes through the vicious cuts which a 'bus driver makes .to the rear when a venturesome small boy surreptitiously seats shouts "whip belijnd," with a view to hasten his removal. Very often a youthful humorist will shout this warning cry wheri there is no boy on the step at' all, and then, the chance or a passenger near the dqor getting a slash in the face Is "odds on." Every admirer of genius will grieve that the 9yeator of Alulveaney, Ortherls, and Lea- royd, the brilliant youngster— for he was lit tle more then— who' wrote, ""The Man Who Would be King," and the "Drums of the Fore and Aft," and many anothe'r -wonderful tale .of flood and field, lies near death's door In inclement New York. Were pallid death to take Kipling now the English reading- world would mourn. Yet, from an artistic and Ideal point of view, such an ending to a wonderful career would not lack a certain appropriateness. He would be snatched away in tlie height of bis fame, before the disillu sions and the slower-coursing blood of' age bad quenched his fire, and tho pride ol? purse or disappointment had made lilm. prosy, Germany modestly requests of Great Bri tain and America that Air. Chambers, Chief Justice of Samoa, the gentleman who has heen the centre, so to speak, of the . recent S&mouu; political hurricane, should be super seded. Doesn't Germany hope she may get it? To act on this suggestion would be to tacitly give the whole case for England, and America away, to show the cunning and time-serving natives that Germany had her own way, that Germany could make or mar what Samoan King she likca, and that Eng land and America were very sriiall "potatoes, indeed when the man with' the mailed list had his say. Well, there are thrc-e British men-o'-war at Samoa to answer Germany's latest little joke! ThO recent trouble in the Mayoral corner of the Town Hall over the re-engagement of AI. Wiegand recalls the fact that when that gentleman was asked If he did - not con sider his' salary of £500 a year excessive he replied, "Certainly not. I have worked and studied hard for 20 years." That reply embodied a principle which applies, to art lu general, but which is, unfortunately, very hard to make unprofessional people under stand. During the hearing of tlie Whistler v. Ruskin case In London the Attorney-Gene ral said, "Mr. Whistler, can you tell me how long it took you to knock off that nocturne referred- to?" "I was two days at work on It," replied the painter. "Oh, oh!" guffawed the lawyer; "Only two days! And Is it for the labour of two days that you ask 200 guineas?" "No," returned Whistler, with crushing effect, "I ask it for the labour and study of a life time devoted to. my art!" . In a like spirit Air. Ruskin himself once salil, "Some of Tur ner's best drawings were done In 20 minutes; but those 20 minutes contained tlie fruit of "9 years' previous labour." Phil May once sub mitted a drawing to a local editor, who ob jected. "There are only 12 lines In this sketch, and yet you ask £5 for it." "Yes," said May, "and if I could do It In six lines my charge would be £10." 