GHEATED. A FIGHT FOR LIFE. 1 (By Gilbert Lloyd, in "Answers.") (Concluded from last AA'eek.) . II. That night Sir Geoffrey was restless and anxious. He heard the clock in the turret aboA'e the stable ring out the hour of one sharply- Then he fell asleep to troubled dreams. . Sir Charles Stanton Avas the only wake ful person in the house. Although he in variably prescribed sleep to his patients, he Avas a consistent sinner against the laws of Nature in this respect, and seldom sought his couch till well on in the small hours of the morning. From the depths of a wonderful port manteau he had produced a microscope, a vast array of test-tubes, and a bulky note-book, and the early hours of the morning found him Avith a cigar between his lips, deeply immersed in bacteriologi cal research. Presently he started A'lolently, as a sharp rap sounded at his door. "Are you awake, Sir Charies? For Heaven's sake, come at once to Miss Chat teris!" cried a voice outside. He sprang to the door and opened it, to discoA'er Mrs Mantrap shiA'ering in her dressing-gown. "What is the matter?" lie asked. "I am afraid she is dying." Sir Charies snatched up a small leathern case and raced duwn the corridors of G;c-y. lands to the Blue Room, Mrs Mantrap at his heels, a good second. Miss Chatteris was lying in the great four-post bed, white and rigid, with a slight foam upon her lips. The great surgeon made no remark. He opened the leather case, and, producing his stethoscope, listened intently for a few moments to the labored breathing of the inanimate figure. Then he turned back the eyelids, and peered into the eyes. "Will you kindly bring alight?" ha said, coolly, to Mrs Mantrap, who stood, pallid and shuddering, in the background. "When did you discover herin this state?" lie queried. "Only five minuies ago," replied Mrs Mantrap. "I could not go to sleep. I was anxious about her sleeping in this horrid room, eo I came to see that she was all right. "Urn! And found her all Avrong," re plied Sir Charies. "Will you kindiy hold the light closely in front of her eyes ? That's just right. Thank you." Pie made no further remark, and gave no sign that he had noticed the sliding panel of the room Avas slightly moved, and that upon his patient's lips was a faint blue mark— the death-mark of Grc- ylar.ds Abbey. This he examined Avith a magnifying- glass, and found it to be a tiny punctured Avound. He had seen a similar Avound several times before, but never singly, for it was the mark of a serpent's fang. "She's fainted, that's all," ho said. cool ly, as, unperceiA-ed by Mrs Mantrap, he drew a tiny fairy-like syringe from his pocket. This he filled from a small vial, and pressed it against the white arm of the rigid figure on the bed. Then this Avonderful man produced an other tiny syringe charged with a poison Avhieh, in unskilled hands, brings death, but which, set to fight against the poison of a serpent's fang, brings life to the stricken A'ictim. This he pressed against the patient's arm. "Now, work her arms backwards and forwards — so!" said he. Mrs Mantrap, dishevelled, and with all her wrinkles and crow's-feet show ing with uncompromising distinctness, did as she Avas bid, and for an hour she and Sir Charies fought silently and stealthily for their patient's life. "The major?" queried Sir Charles. "Ts asleep," replied Mrs Mantrap. "If he Avakes?" "The major ne\Ter wakes," answered Mrs Mantrap. Presently signs of life began to return, the fixed rigidity died away from the stiff limbs, the natural hue returned to the blue lips. "She's coming round," said Sir Charles to Mrs Mantrap, who Avas heating waier on a spirit-lamp. Presently Miss Chatteris moaned and opened her eyes. "There! there! it's all right! It's all right, my dear — don't be frightened. Here's Mrs Mantrap come to see you!" cooed the great doctor in his most sooth ing professional tones. "Just a fainting fit," he continued. "Only just a little fainting fit. Want to cry, my dear? Ve-ry well, my dearie shall cry . on the old doctor's shoulder. Thei-e!" Sir Charles sat on the edge of the bed whilst his patient cried heartily and healthily upon his shoulder. "About as near a sha\re as I have ever seen," he murmured to himself. "Five minutes later, and she would hai'e hee|A dead! A snake Avith a single fang, too. Then he spoke aloud to Mrs Mantiap. "She has receiA'ed a severe nervous shock," he said, calmly. "I am going to shift her into my room. Will you get things ready?" "Now," he murmured, when Mrs Man trap had hurried off, "this is a big dose of opium for a little girl, but I daresaxi she can stand it." - Another tiny syringe was piesseu against the white arm. _iOOTi "That's right Now you U go to and I'll call your brother to help ca y, you out of this chamber of horrors, f the"SrtbeheaVy head fen back i 0n the everyone had heard At SfSSSS had been frightened hysterics during: the night, and was iSPofoffrey was greatly distressed, v Hoe" was mildly elated. Had he t caidftat she would-be frightened? si- r-harles, wan and worn withjns „ Sm for life against death, had a great J VP to kick Mr Hogg, hut desisted. In hour after breakfast he lit a cigar J walked round to the terrace that ran sir. nrth side of the,house un t!P windows of the ill-fated room It the hollow buttress he paused. Then . , dropped his handkerchief. as he stooped to pick it up again he marked how one of the stones was loos- e"lf t'"e 'dusf were footmarks plainly discernible by Sir Charles's keen eye The mysterious footsteps have left their impression," said Sir Charles to mlLif "The ghost wore dress-pumps, So "judging from the width and shal- imvnc"=e of the heel." Then he returned to the house to see his patient He found her feverish, but recovering rapidly. ' She was greatly surprised to find her- „if in sir Charles's room; also to find a tobacco-pouch and pipe under her pil- lSho had no recollection of the previous niht beyond having lain awake in the srreat bed of the Blue Room, and of bavin" watched the piercing eyes of the cardinal's portrait till, they seemed to have bewitched her. "You hypnotised yourself, said Sir Charles. "But, proceed." 4 little after one in the morning she had dozed off.but had been awakened by a siisrht stinging sensation on the lip. Then the terror of some unseen presence in the room had overcome her, and she could remember no more. With this information Sir Charles was forced to content himself. He sought his host, who was evidently great lv depressed by the incident. In fact, the manner of his inquiries left no doubt in the mind of the observant doc tor that Sir Geoffrey was deeply in love. "And yet . the footmarks on the terrace are just the size of his dress-shoes!" marvelled Sir Charles. "Never mind, we'll sl-c to-night!" III. Next night, Sir Charles, with a hand ful of cigars, a riding- whip, and a six- chamhered revolver, quietly sought the Blue Room, and seated himself in the corner to await the ghost of Greylands. One, two, three! The stable clock told the hours. Sir Charles had smoked all the cigars he wnntt-d. He stretched himself on the bed and began to doze. The ghost or serpc-nt was evidently not coming to night, but lie would- see the affair through. i, Presently he awoke with a start. There was a faint creaking in the corner of the room. "A rati" he thought. Nevertheless, his heart began to beat violently, and he reached out for the revolver that lay handy to the bedside. Slowly the sliding panel ground back, wh 1 1 1 '.-.rough the aperture a whit® figure crept into the room. "Cli.-k!" The cocking trigger of Sir Charles's re volver sounded loud in the stillness of the loom, The fiauro approached the bed! "Sir iP -'ft rey. by George — a somnambu list!" murmured the doctor under his breath. A b.-ight gleam of moonlight shone over the liner. As the figure, with outstretched hands I and wide-open expressionless eyes, pass- I ed through the belt of light towards the bed, the doctor saw the gleam of a large jewel i_n the middle finger of the right hand. "s ir Geoffrey approached the doctor slid cautiously over to the opposite side I of the br-l, uncocking his revolver, but holding the butt-end ready for a blow. Sir Geoffrey paused at the bedside, i. Bis left hand strayed to the ring, which he twisted on his finger till the shining ' v,e' Inward on his palm, r lien be pressed his hand gently upon |i the pillow, and with a deep sigh turned I;. towan.s the open panel. I" A Borgia ring, by Jingo!" breathlessly L. hiin mured the doctor, as he peered cau- I iously over the edge of the bed after the I. receding figure, "and an inherited uncon- I |cndency to make use of it." I-' '-'bring off his shoes, he waited till Sir I: eo.in-y had slid back the panel to its I; farmer position. p TP n tV' lj0un<9 he was across the room, p hirl lianfcl slid t>ack silently, in time for I fio-i catoh a glimpse of Sir Geoffrey's <we uniin" the corner that led" to the flej-Ci:nding staircase. I: pai)®e,011e!led- The somnambulist had ii anrtUn,0f t1le darkness there came a clink I- lowtm i! sound of a closing drawer, fol- s » y a shuffling of feet downstairs, L- Eoi.n or tW0 afterwards a dull thud If ,U"ded «P the stairs. I Sir dropped the stone!" exclaimed l . Ro0m He ran back to the Blue I etched Shi rhr«'ingr Up the window< I alone r eo ey 85 he walked slowly ! n apartments.6 direction of his | eitA'ng b6hind him' and 1 i In the nIIiin'Utes Slr Charles came back ? a small a with a chisel and Probing he m r some tapping and $ Woodwork » COvei'ed a spot where the "f Sn„LaVTe back a hollow bound. I hidden snrto J 0Ught to flnd the I ory books " I 7 always a in the I "Anywav L muttt"?ed, with a smile, g- L here goes!"6 A few well-directed blows with hammer and chisel rent the 'wainscot. I "Brutal, hut efficient!" murmured the doctor, as he drew forth the shattered remnant of a secret drawer. j A gleam of gold showed amongst the ! splinters, and wrapping his handkerchief over his-fingers, the doctor cautiously lifted a massive signet ring. His next movement was mysterious. Passing down the hidden staircase, he lifted the massive stone that hid its out let, and ran swiftly round past the stable- yard. He had noticed that the coachman's lit tle boy kept guinea-pigs. In a few minu tes he was back again, with a stolen guinea- pig tied in his handkerchief. Closing the stone gently over the en trance, and wrapping the ring carefully in an old envelope, he crept stealthily back to his room. He locked the door, and carried the guinea-pig into the light of the reading- lamp; then, lifting the ring by its circlet, he pressed it upon the shoulder of its in nocent victim. There was a shudder, a convulsive kick, and the guinea-pig lay dead upon the table. Through the magnificent sapphire ; with which it was set a tiny grooved fang : projected. i "H'm!" remarked the doctor. "Borgia, . after all, knew a bit more than the art of , fly -paper poisoning. I don't suppose I that Sir Geoffrey, if he only knew of its ! existence, would object to my stealing this ring for the College of Surgeons. In fact, I am sure he would not, considering that I have exorcised the ghost of Grey- lands Abbey, saved the life of the very charming girl he is going to marry, and have made up my mind to cure him of somnambulism. The rest is my secret." The doctor's prophecy was fulfilled. In a week Miss Chatteris had fully recover ed from the mysterious terror of the Blue Room, whilst Sir Geoffrey, proud and happy, announced his engagement to Miss Maude Chatteris, blissfully ignorant of the very existence of the fatal ring, which lay snuggly hidden away in Sir Charles Stanton's portmanteau. 