Christianity SCEPTICAL OBJECTIONS. . h Budoe. Sniil Clark, ' Suffer not your faith to be shakon by the sophistries of sceptics.' Let no despondoncv or timidity or secret scepticism, lend anyono to doubt the truth of Christianity. The scopticnl systorn subverts tho whole foundation of morals. "When a false argument puts on tho appcarnijco of a true one, then it is properly called a sophism, or fallacy. To say that tho prophecios preceding the Christian era. wore written after tho events which they describe took place requires ignoranco so great and conscionco so small ns to say that there novor wore such mon as Wellington, Napoleon, Nolson, Julius Crosur, or Alexander. 'Tis true men would lift their oyobrows in derision and declino to waste argument on so unreasonable a porson. Still the ubsurdity can bo said, and tho offor bo made to give reason in support. Nothing is easier than such assertions. All ho need to do who ventures to say it, is. to cast away tho foundations on which all received history stands. Thore is no national history in tho world that has so many marks of literal and conscientious truthfulno3s about it as the Jewish. It is a grave account of a course of misconduct and disaster on the part of the Jews to road which must have been to them mortifying in- tho oxtreme. Nothing but honesty would have thought of constructing such rocords; nothing but their indisputable truthfulness could havo compelled so proud a race as the Jews to acknowledge them as genuine history. Now these candid, severe, and searching annals inform us that Isaiah wroto ono hundred years before the destruction of Tyro, ono hundrod and sixty years before the destruction of Babylon, and seven hundred years before Christ; that Ezekiel, Amos, and Zachariah wroto about throe hundred years before tho second fall of Tyre, and all the prophets at least four hundred years before Christ. Wo are certified of these dates in precisely tho same manner in which wo are cortified of tho works of several Pagan authors whoso works wo have now, aud because our public libraries havo books bearing their names attributed to them by universal tradition. Certain books bear tho names of Isaiah, Ezokiol, Daniel. They aro such as these men would naturally write, and tradition say* ihey wore the authors. Let tho man to whom this is not enough quit his hold of historical facts altogether; to him tho whole great past is dead. The scones which genius has pictured, schools have studied, cabinets have walked by, are all a mere novel. At tho time when Isaiah wroto Tyro was in all her strength and glory, and for the thousand years of her history had novor onco bem subject to a foreign State. At tho same time tho Chnideans were a weak and obsoure people, little likely in human judgment to perform the feat predicted of them. Tho Chaldean crnqueror, the escape, tho restoration, tho soventy years, tho ago of the conqueror, tho second fall, tho burning, tho casting of all tho ruins into tho soa, the partial restoration, tho Christianizing, tho perpetual desolation. Evon tho single particular that evory trnco of tho city should vanish has never been realised in tho caso of any other historical city ' They shall lay thy stono nnd thy timber and thy dust in tho midst of the waters, and though thou bo sought In', yet shalt thou never bo found again.' Thoro is but ono explanation ; those Jows spoke by inspiration of Him who seeB the end from tho beginning. The Book of Isaiah was written ono hundrod and sixty yoars before tho fall of Babylon, and tho Book of Joremiah sixty yoars before that evont. Babylon should bo shut up by tho Modos and 'Persians, their leader should be named Cyrus, the river should be dried up, the gates should bo loft open, the city should bo taken during; a feoat when all tor rulers and mighty inen wore drunken, the king and his family should bo slain, the citv should cease to he inhabited, the shepherd should not make his fold nor tho Arab pitch his tent; it should become pools of water, a homo for bitterns, a den for wild beasts. Such were the predictions, Ytavs pass away, and the Modes and Persians aro blockading Babylon; thfeir chief is Cyrus. He changes the course of tho river that flows through tho city, enters bv the dry_ bed at night, finds tho gates up from tho river ne glectod in tho disordor of the feast, marches to tho palaco where tho principal men are over come with wine, and Babylon is fallen. Tho obstructed Euphrates overflows and makes pools along tho forsaken streets, tho plain is parched into a desert whero no shepherd can feed his sheep, nor Arab his camels. Lions roar to lions in deserted temples, dragons hiss to dragons in vacant palaces, tho bitterns from their pools cry to bitterns, and to owls and cormorants in coaled houses. Nothing but ruin to this day, one wide scene of unrelieved deso lation. Suppose all this was predicted of Sydney and wo could look down the streamof time a thousand years and find facts answering to the prophecy m every particular, would we hesitate to say ' This is a real prophecy; tho men who make it are counselled by Him who dwells in tho remote future as in the present.' "What would it signify though somo should begin to descant on the power of a clear prediction to verify itself P Do we not know that such a thing would bo likely to do quite as much to dofond tho city as to destroy it P The Baby lonians were more likely than their assailants to have b3en aware of the Jewish prophecies respecting tho fall of their capital. Tho Jews, with Daniel at their head, had been living among them for years. Certainly the fall of Babylon and its' subsequent condition are a monument to the reality of a Divine inspira tion hard to be gainsaid. Put the book by the facts, and the mind says solemn Amen to all civilised ages and nations who have weMiieard the facts, as with one voice they say, ' Holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost. The Old Testament prophecies were written centuries beforo the time of Jesus. The follow ing particulars are given: Shiloh always understood by the Jews , to be the Messiah, should come before the sceptre, should, depart from Judah, should come while the temple was yet standing, should come at the end of four hundred and eighty three years from tho issue of an edict to rebuild Jerusalem, should have-a forerunner stronglj resembling Elijah, should bo of tho tribe of Judah, the familv of David and city of' Bethle hem, should do tie first preaching in Galilee, nhould announce himself the Messiah, should be a man of Borrows, despised, rejected, put to death with the wicked and entombed with tho rich. Now, look at the fulfilment. Twelve years after the birth of Jesus Judea was reduced to a Boman province, and has never since had a ruler of her own. The temple was yet standing, from tho twentieth year of Artaxerxes, who gave the order to rebuild Jerusalem to the crucifixion are in round numbers four hundred and eighty three years. John the Baptist prepared the way of Jesus in tho spirit and power of Elijah; his lineage and place of birth were according to prediction— tho first preaching, the scorn, tho persecution, the rejection, the death, the burial also, facts which were never denied by tho early Jews. No _ room hero for the supposition of happy conjocture and accidental coinoidencies, save J esus. There was no person who claimed to be the Messiah, or suffered as such, till long after the departure of the sceptre from Judah, tho destruction of tho temple and the time predicted of all mankind; Jesus is the only person whom all these predictions suit. But Thomas Pain says " This is no solution of ours; we have a better one, most natural and satisfactory. How easy for some Jew who happened to find himself a native of Bethlehom and a descendant of JJnvid, and living about the time to which the Old Testament had ventured to point, to conceivo the idea of passing himself off as a person predicted and get put to death for his pains " But will Pain toll us whether an impostor is likely to set out to personate such a spiritual and sorrowful Messiah as the Prophets pre dicted ? Will he tell us whether the Jews would have despised and rejected him had he come in the guise of a secular and conquering prince ? He knotfs history, he knows the Jews, he knows also that Jesus of Nazareth always claimed to be only the meek and suffering head of a kingdom, not of the world. Lot him or his disciples answer these questions to the reason whoso ago he celebrates and whose honor he drownod in his cups. And when he or they are about it (for I take Pain to live in his followers) •will ho not tell us further how it happened that the passing away of the sceptre and the destruction of the temple and the completion of the four hundred and eighty three years managed to ooour in the life of one man ? Will he tell us how many ambitious imposters havo lived and died like Jesus Christ P Will he tell us what Jesus would havo gained, that a wicked man cares for, had he gained all ho asked ? Let this man Pain, by his followers, protest that, of all pretonders he ever met with, this same Jesus is the most unaccountable; and in a sudden flash of clear conviction let him declare that Jesus was no pretender, that the laws of human nature, the teachings of history, and the instincts of conscience all pronounce the thing incredible. From Tyre, from Babylon, from the Son of Mary we accept the testimony. The one plunges headlong from her sea throne into nihility, and her last word is, Thus spake the prophets. Another lies putrescent and vulture flapped and outcast of all nations, and tho giant corpse coases not to repoat, Thus spako the prophets. And Thou, Son of Man, as born, living, dying, beautiful in Thy human relation ships and heavenly works, in Thy crowns of goodness and crosses of trial—Thou sayest to our ears with a yet more majestic sound, Thus spake tho. prophets. Even so, for the holy men spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost. How worthy of faith is that great Biblical religion, which, compacted into a unit, ' offers in behalf of itself such a broad seal of authentification in fulfilled prophecy ! Such a seal validates Christianity. It affirms, in the same breath, God, His message, and that message centring in Jesus Christ. | 