ISIfflB IJiWS. ? — ? -?— — — — Our New Guinea correspondent writes: A Sydney man named Brennan, who. arrived here by the steamer Moresby, in January, to take up a position as mate on a trading schooner, has just sot into serious trouble throush the use of fire arms. It appears he was left in charge one sight in harbor -at New Britain, and had - under his charge a native crew, and fifty Solomon Island laborers returning' home. At about 10 o'clock at night the captain whistled from shore for a boat, and the native who bad night watch went . to ' get the boat to carry the captain on . board. Brennan heard the noise of the boat alongside, and jumped out of his cabin and ordered the boy to leave the boat alone. The boy, evidently knowing that Brennan was new to his position on the labor vessel, endeavored to explain that the captain wax waiting for the boat, but Brennan seemed to have lost his pre sence of mind and. ran to his cabin, from which he brought a Winchester r.fle, and, presenting it at the boy, who was leaning over the side of the vessel pulling iii the boat, shot him dead. He was arreetei and tried, and sentenced to' three years' imprisonment in German t. No efforts having been made to secure the capture of the murderers of Captain Coslson, who vat killed l^st year in Bougainville, it came as a but prise when one of the culprits was captured in New Britain, having come there to work on the plantations. He was exposed by another native who was on board at the time of the Ejurder, and -was identified by the boy who acted as cook on tbe illfated Sea Ghost. From their description it appears that the prisoner seized a hatchet, and whilst others held the captain he cleft his skull in twain. He was sen^ tenced to be hanged. A determined attempt was made by the Bouka natives here to kill one of the informers, and the latter had to be taken into police quarters for. protection. A case of cannibalism is reported from Beinirg, on the .North Coiet'. The tribes of the bush have been fighting tke beach tribes for some time, and it appears the latter captured three of their enemies, whom they disposed of in their own diabolical way. Cannibalism is very frequent to tbe north of Beinirg. 