A BUSHMAN'S ROMANCE, PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. v ESgr S2.-U.sss ©11, Author of "The Wreck of the Grosvenor," "The Golden Hope," "The Death Ship." "The Frozen Pirate," "An Ocean Tragedy," "A Sea Queen," "My Danish ' Sweetheart" . "Til" Good Ship Mohock," "Alone on a Wide, Wide" Sea The Tale of the Ten," &c;„ &c.; ' COPYRIGHT. ' CHAPTER iV.-(Contimiod.) The moment the order to begin was shout ed piiiety bauds darted forth on each side the tables and broke the loaves to pieces. Fierce was tliat' llrst snatching, and every boy look ed to See what pieces the other had. I munch ed away at a thick slice of broad and butter, and peering into my mug asked Rawdon if X could have some tea.'1" ' .. . . "Silericol" exclaimed the French .master, who had accosted mo in the playground. His ' name was Mascot. ' 'Mr. Dodson seemeil to know when we had finished tea without being told, for he came In rather mysteriously, and said grace, and this grace was all too long for Impatient boys and for such a tea. The masters rose, and all ' the boys rose, making a roaring noise through pushing the forms In so doing, and we then rushed away Into the playground, freeing our pipes In shrill calls the Instant we were clear of that long eat/mg-room, and the crows, high in the tall, silent trees, answered ub with their funereal notes. I began to forget myself In running about and swinging, in chasing, and In being chas ed. It Is the pleasure of boys of the age I then was to run after each other In circles. One pursues the other, commonly .with some thlrs-' ty resolution to fight hint Jf he should come up Svlth him. But should he overtake him the thirst or his resolution Is quenched. There may happen a slight shower of fists with closed eyes. Then the boys begin to run in n;clrcle over again. It Is boys' pleasure. I was. now beginning to think that having, plenty of companions of my own age to play With was better than aimlessly wandering about a lonely garden, and hunting In dry ditches for unimaginod things. I was hang ing by a bar when I heard a bell, and perceiv ed a general movement of the boys towards the cloistered staircase. vIn a very few mo ments the ground was empty, and 1 was left alone hanging by the bar. Presently I spied the figure of a man observing me from one. of the windows of the, school-room; it Qisap- peared, and in a minute there arrived Mi. Dodson, who approached me with very long strides. I dropped from the bar. "Don't you know ..that preparation has be gun, sir?" he exclaimed. "Do you suppose that your mother placed you here to. do no thing but play?" "I don't know what you want," I answered. "I'll tell you," he exclaimed, and gripping my wrist he bore 'me off to the cloisters. Mr. Dodson took me up to Mr. O'Connor, and said: , . ', "Discover his degree of proficiency. I feai it is nil. Put him In his place, and set him a task of preparation." "Can you read?" said Mr. O Connor. "Yes," I answerqd.. - 'Sir'— say 'sir,' If you please," cried -O'Connor, "read that,", and lie put a volume of Goldsmith's "History of England," in my hand. , ,, 1 read a dozen or twenty lines, stuttering at one 'or two words. Mr.' O'Connor then said : " f "That will do. Can y oil write?" ; "Yes, sir," I answered. .. ' , / "Sit up here," said he, "and let me see how beautifully you can write." ' He hoisted me on to his own stool and dic tated a letter home In very simple words: "I am very happy, and would hot go home again, for anything. , There is no! place like, school, where bed Is hard and eggs are bad." I tftok this down with the utmost gravity; he read It; tore it up, and told me to follow him. Ke walked to the bottom of the school room, and at the end desk, which meant the bottom of the very' bottom class, I took my seat with some little English. book before me, from which I was expected to commit a page to memory.. They called this preparation. I forget at what hour preparation came to an end;" It was then " dark, . and lamps, like the lamps over billiard tables, were lighted. The knock-kneed Ambrose entered, stagger ing under the load of a basket of dry bread, of which every boy took one' piece. He then made the rounds with ajar of cold water and a tin vessel, and every boy who was; thirsty drank. This was our supper, and I have eaten better since. We now went to prayers; the boys knelt along the benches or forms, and Mr. Dodson read from the Prayer-Book. We trooped downstairs In a thunder of feet, and passed through the playground to the house where the dormitories were. Here we put on our slippers. A single flight of steps In n house next to the headmaster's residence led to a large bedroom — how manly occupied it 1 do not rememher. I was one who slept in that rOom; a row of beds went down on the side 1 occupied, and there were beds between the windows (.oposlte. A long, narrow centrul stand or tublc looked scorbutic, with its out break of basins for the boys to wash In. At the end of the room was a door through which two or tliree of- the masters passed -to their sleeping apartments. We were not to be troubled by the masters yet. They did not arrive pntll after supper, and meantime, the monitors were supposed to keep us quiet. But In truth they were amongst the noisiest. An oid woman, named Wilkinson, a sort of deputy-housekeeper, had followed In our tall to Bhow me my bed, then vanished before the boys fell upon her. This little bed was at the bottom of the row of beds, with a chair beside It. I found my night-shirt placed forme, and jumped into bed to get out of the way. The loiig sleeping-room had changed into a wlK/ extraordinary scene , of half-naked, rushing, leaping figures of boys, who yelled In thrilling notes as they chased one another with slippers and knotted towels. .'Jt was a novqj picture of life to me after my little quiet bedroom in the cottage, and I wondered what my mother would think If she haw It. Boys leaped in and out of .bed like hares, dis appeared, emerged, whooped, and here and there a stand-up fight was making bloody progress. The room was Imperfectly lighted by n few clieap candles, placed at Intervals upon the long wash-stand. But the moon streamed In through the four high undraped windows, and the white dry boards ' shone with lakes of glittering moonlight which shimmered Into the atmosphere off tho floor. A boy was sitting up in his bed alongside mine, watching tile. flying nnd yelling con fusion of figures In nightdresses. (They had a look of plucked turkeys, with their thin legs and white bodies.) I peered at my ne'lghbour nnd discovered that he was Rnw- "What a -row they make," said he; "do you want to go to sleep?"-'. "No, I like watching them," I answered. "How long does It go on fdr?" , . "Mr. Mascot will be up at nine, and every boy will rush' to bed; for tiny boy caught out of bed when tho French master arrives, has to learn fifty lines of French before break fast, and he is made to stand upon a form whilst he learns it." The noise was so great that It was diffi cult to talk, but It. calmed down presently, owing to a number of boys getting Into bed and, slopping there. And some time before Mr. Mascot arrived, the whole of Ahe boys were in bed. ' Suddenly at the other end of the room a- sweet girlish voice began to sing. A second followed, a third/and a fourth. They sang an old English glee., and their tores to my young unaccustomed' ear swelled in such har monies that I might have believed I had gone to Heaven, and was listening to the quiring of the angels. I. Imagined they sung a hymn. All the rest of us lay muto, listening. How sweet, clear, hlgh-renchlng, pure was the silver note of tho hoy who had started that glee.! .After the glee was over, the hoy with the pure high note sang "Annie Laurie." I lis tened in an ecstasy of delight. "Does he sing every night?" I asked Ratv-; don. ' "Nearly." "How Jolly!" said I. "I shall be glad of bedtime to hear him. What's his name?" . "Mowbray,"- answered Rawdon. _ . 1 Mr? Mascot came in at nine,, and 'walked! slowly down the room, blowing out the enri-; dies and looking to right and left. He was. followed by two other masters, and the three; disappeared through the door at the extrem ity. I do not Intend to detain you with the dry relation of my schooldays; how we rose,! prayed, breakfasted, studied, dined, played, and the like. Indeed the pirate Time has scratched a good deal of the silver' off this mirror, and I distinguish In It with difficulty'.! CHAPTER V.— THE MIDSHIPMAN'S AD- VICE. ,Tlie years passed, and one day my birthday arrived and made me thirteen. . My father had consulted" a midshipman whose, friends lived at Bouvllle, and Ue had told him that 13 was' Just the age for a boy to start in the sea-life. He was asked to dinner In con-, sequence of this reply, and I met him flesh to flesh, for the first lime, though I had often, viewed 'him afar; and gazed at his' uniform with envy and admiration. ' After dinner the midshipman honoured me with an Invitation to accompany lilm in a stroll upon the pier, and he offered to talk to me about the sea. . My father and. mo.ther were very grateful, and .1 was .extremely, proud. I would have sooner been seen In' the company of that or any other midshipman In buttons and badge: than arm-in-arm with u prince of the blood royal, if dressedUn PlJin clothes, and a landsman, He talked to me about the beef and pork which the sailors oat, "No man knows what beast of the field the beef wits when It was. created, and how long It had been extinct; and the pork is a greater wonder even than the beef, because it is not real pig, such '.-as people eat ashore, but an animal that. was. originally discovered by shipowners, and herded by them In South American plains,' expressly for sailors' use." He told mo of pieces of ship's biscuit which he had; -with his own eye's, seen moving upon the table; upon the legs of the maggots It contained. Y enjoyed my stroll with this midshipman, and was very proud of myself., We stood:on the edge of the quay, and he made me ob-' serve the difference between the brlgantlne and the brig, the lugger and the schooner.', I asked him if he knew the compass; and he at once boxed It for me, both backwards and forwards, much to my delight and astonish ment at his powerful memory. In about a fortnight after this, my father, took me with lilm to London. In. those days there were no steamers from Bouvllle to- tlie opposite coast, and we had to travel by the' diligence, a distance of fifty or sixty miles, to. reach a port which would provide us with steam. We broke tlie journey at a small, an-, . cient town, and next day before noon we ar-. rived at the seaport. '. I , A steamer was sailing that" night for Lon don Bridge, and' we made haste to secure a passage. We were at liberty to embark In the afternoon, and did so, nnd at six o'clock we were drinking tea with the master of the ves-.. sel lri the saloon, a hearty, well- ted man ot' a rich, red complexion, dressed In a cap with 'a. gold band round -It, and a coat with brass buttons. I had never before seen a steamer, and, going on deck, stood staring up at the very tall funnel with the utmost. amazement. I leaned over the. side to count the paddles,, then I wandered to a hatch covered with brass wire, through which I peered and saw an immense arm of metal burled in the gloom, and I managed' to make out something that resembled a grasshopper of giant size waiting for the order to hop. - The tide did not serve until eight;, the cap tain mounted tho bridge and the ship began tn move, and a very large crowd grew excit ed and ran with us along the quayside. Steam was still very young, so that a paddle-boat should have been viewed with admiration and wonder is not strange. She would as tonish us even in this age of the oeean-liner and the gorgeous interior. It was a dark, but a clear night, and there was a half-moon somewhere in tho sky. I watched the lights along the harbour slide past, And- then the pier lights went astern, and .next moment the steamer was bowing to the sen with a sullen roar of foam forward,' whilst the ereapitng' race of her oaddles ran Into a wake as long r.s the Milky Way. Thick coils if smoke; spangled with tho golden gems of the fur nace blew from the chimney, and the wind, carried them In a thunder-cloud down upon the sea.. It was ' wonderful! I gazed up and,' I gazed round, but, unfortunately, my father- began to feel sea-sick and cbld. "Why can't I remain on deck," said I. "I don't feel sick, and when I'm a sailor 1 shall be forced to keep on deck." This was an original view, nnd struck him.. Muttering. "Very wel: you know our cabin,"; he rushed to the companion-way, and I heaid him through tlie skylight, a frame of which lay open, howling for the steward. q walked about the deck, and managed to keep my feet. A nmhber of people lay about the fore-declc In wideawakes and.cloaks, help lessly sea-sick. Every /now and again a strop of the bow cooled the poor beggars with half a bucket of brine, but they were past caring. Come death! Come damnation! It;' wnB all one, and their groans wore hideous/ They were Frenchmen, and It Is impossible, not to sympathise with Mr. Thackeray's coq- tcmnt of Frenchmen as sailors. » Whilst I was looking the captain approach ed, and observing me called me to him. I'lV father, when wo drank tea with the old gen tleman. had told him I was going to be a mer chant sailor, and this, I suppose, made him take an Interest In me. "Would you like to step on the br'dse, young fellow-my-lad?" said he , -I should, Indeed, sir," I answered. "Then come along," and at once wo ri01""- ed the ladder. . , I Immediately supposed tho weatnei nan. changed, and that It had come on w gale ut the very instant of our set"ng wot on the bridge. What I felt was the sonB jr8?ze made by the ship's own progress- nna tnis, backed by the wind that was ex- cited me as greatly as If our noJ'Ues had toll ed us into a heavy storm. ' a?J' Inking a view of tho sea at nlffht Jor? height of the bridge of a v'.SBnHirn,t steaming through the wate> a' about twelve ktThe captain allowed me 10 remain on the bridge half an hour, and talked to me as If I had been a man; .lie then advised me to go below and turn In. IVe arrived at four o'clock In the afternoon at London Bridge. A dingy haze In "the river delayed us; It did more, It shrouded, .and obscured the view all the way from Gravcsond. ' Of what followed I have ho clear recollec tion, owing probably to the fog. The first thing I did was to lose myqfather, and as 1 had no money in my pocket, and no address to drive to, I was In a state of terror, and ran about amongst men hi tall hats and linen coats, and amongst foreigners, who could 'r.ot speak our tongue, and shook their fists at people who could. It Is impossible to de scribe the' character of tho crowd (the whole pervaded by a curious smell of dried fish and stale beer) through whose legs and under whose arms I darted in my terrified hunt for my. father; till all at once I saw him standing at tlie door of a cab, with our portmanteaux on the top, and in a few minutes we were rumbling on our way to an hotel In the city. I shall always he of opinion that the little, old-fa'sliioned hotel in the City was amazing ly more comfortable in respect of food, ser vice, and lodging than the huge buildings In which we wander, like the living dead after the Resurrection who roamed about search ing for their friends. - I remember a cosy dining-room, 'plenty of old oak richly Hushed, a chimney-piece which might have framed Henry VIII.'s burly figure when he warmed himself, a few small tables . prepared for the meal, a gleam of silver and cutlery. It was pleasant to draw to a fire after sitting In that cab of damp straw/ Never before did I enjoy n meal so much as that plain din ner of fried sole, English roast beef and cauli flower. My father ordered some port, and said to me quietly, when the waiter was not listening, that it was very fine wine, full of body. I drank ginger beer. Next morning after breakfast we went to Lirnehouse, where were situated the olllces of the owner in whose employ my father had determined to enter me as a mldBhipman. I do not propose to Introduce the reader to the shipowner whose offices were at Lime- house. Tior will I ask him to accompany me on my first, second, and third voyages. The romance of my youth did not begin till I had started on my fourth voyage. I was then third mate, and my age was about twenty, ...By this time my father and. mother, having grown weary of Bouvllle, had taken a house at Hammersmith, and were In good health, and happy, and seemed to enjoy the change from French habits and fashions to the cus toms .and victuals they had been born Into. My ship was the Glendower, a full- rlgged Bhip of 1320 tons register. Owing to a chill. I was unable to join her in the East India Docks, and wrote to the office that I was 111, hut should I be better would go to Plymouth, and there catch the ship. I sent my chest to the vessel before Bhe left the Thames. I recovered as I expected, bade father and mo ther good-bye, Jumped into a cab with a small b.ag, and was driven to the terminus of the Great Western Railway at Paddtngton. I was too soon. A row of carriages stood beside the platform, but.no locomotive was /attached. Some drunken Navy sailors were arguing on a bench. "A few people moved about, or. stood beside their baggage, I se lected a carriage, put my bag on the seat to secure It, lighted a pipe, and walked up and down, the platform waiting for the train to start. Much about this time two people came along, followed by a manservant, who carried a shawl or two and a lady's portmanteau.One of. the two was an elderly man, rather rough in appearance; he was bfonzed, bruised, and wrinkled with what I guessed had- been a long but successful struggle for lite In the Colonies/ The other was a young lady. As I stood, opposite mycarrlage theyapproaclied, looking . into the several compartments as they walked, and I obtained without imper tinently staring a very good view of the girl. .She interested me In an Instant, and I could ,not imagine why. It was, not her beauty;, fair indeed she was. A sweeter face no man ever fell in love with; hair a delicate pale auburn, eyes dark violet and thoughtful, cheeks colourless. "What was It? She looked at me once, -but not again. Her attire was some dark stuff, but X don't think it was mourning. They passed down the length of a few more carriages, then came back. . I remained standing opposite the compart ment I had chosen. Whilst they walked the rough-looking gentleman gazed at me fixed ly. He stopped and said gruffly, but'quite politely:' "Beg pardon, but you are a sailor?"- "X am," I said. ! "Bound to Plymouth, sir?" . "That's my port." What ship, sir?" - "The Glendower." I anfiwered.. "I had no doubt of it," he exclalmedj "I remember your face.- I came on board your ship the Glendower at Sydney, and asked you some questions." I did not recollect the circumstance, so merely bowed. "What post do you occupy?" he asked; and now I noticed that the girl observed me steadfastly. "I am third mate,'," I answered; "which means no more th/"''mldsnlpman." "My nlecf dald he, "Is going to" 'Sydney, to .her awl't by your ship. 1 am unable to see. her 3afo on board. Do you know if there are okiy of the Glendower's! passengers join ing /lier by this train?" was. unable to tell him. More people had cilme draining in, and the platform was f, airly populous. But nobody looked as If he /vas going, to Australia. The young lady 'Hushing up, exclaimed: "Is your name Longmore?"- ' . "It Is;" said I; and then even as I looked I saw before me that strange and beautiful phantom of the pond, whose expression had been neither glad nor sorrowful. "Is it possible?" said I, "that you are the Belle Stuart I played horses with?" "I am indeed," she answered, "and I be lieve I knew you when I first saw you." "Is this the gentleman who saw your ghost, Belle?" asked the rough-looking gen- tlemnn. She smiled, with plenty of colour left '7A queer yarn— a little fantastical; Belle does not forget it," said he. "This Is a for tunate meeting. I shall feel easy whilst thinking of my niece as under the care of an officer of the ship, and an old playfellow. John, put Miss Stuart's wraps and bag Ln." ' "I am delighted to think that you are go ing out as a passenger," said I, looking into her charming face, which awoke many me mories, though I was so young when that In cident of the pond occurred that it had pro duced no emotional impression whatever, so. that when the little girl did not come to drink tea I had forgotten that she had been asked. (TO BE CONTINUED) . | 