The Ghapel ol Easel Bj Harriet Riddle Davis. CHAPTER XIX. — (OomrauBD). ' The doctor has gone, sir : he told me to say, when you oame in, that he sees nothing alarming in Mrs Cecil's condition ; that, bo far as he oan judge, she is nervously ex hausted, bat he thinks die will be all right j with reet and care. After you went out, air, j she recovered consciousness, and asked fm yon, and when told you were not here she beoame so excited that the doctor was ob liged to gin her something to quieten her. She has dropped off to sleep. If she wakes again, yon may see her; bat there most be absolute quiet ; there must he nothing to excite her.' John stepped softly past tiie nurse into the - dimly lighted room. She followed him, and 1 whispered, wiutirmingly,— ' Zon must not wake her on any aooount, dr.* I John shook his head in silence and quietly j took up a position where he oould see her i faoe. It seemed to him that it was tiie ghost of Hester, the ghost of his love, that I lay bsfora him. Her faoe was white and I exhausted; her yellow hair had been ] gathered off her faoe, evidently in hurried fashion, and lay in a rope over tiie pillow, i I Her half -open hands lay nervondy on the 1 oounterpane, ana mere were town of suffering in thea and in every line of tiie faoe. As he noted them, there swept over him a feeling of emotion that threatened to overmaster him. He oould fed tiie swift tide rise from his heart and spread straight to his lips, which quivoed beneath it, and co his eyes which became suddenly dim. He had to shut his hands to keep down tiie flood gates. Everything that had bean wretched and horrible in the events of the : day fell away from him. completely. He wondsced how anything on earth oould ever have mattered to him when balanced against Hester's life and love : it all seemed so little, ai^ pitiful, and mean. He waB' so lost in contemplation of ha faoe and in the thoughts and emotions that asms crowding to his brain that he did net know how long he had been standing, nor realize how worn out and overwrought he was, until the narse quietly brought htm a chair, and, placing it by tiie hedrds, motioned him to sit down. He gratefully aooepted it, and leauedhis tired head against thereof the bed, and his long vigil Wan. Once, later, tits nurse came again to him, andssid,— ' Tou look very tired, sir; you had better go to bed. I will call yon if she wakes.' Bet John shook his head. He would not deep until Hester diould ooea bsc eyss again aailook at him. He eoeld not forget tiie last terrible eijiesrion ha hadaaeki tu thsn when sbe faad tamed ber faoe to him after the serv|p6 #asover in tiie cburoh: . ' A little after midnigLt Hester bensme very restless, and began to matter broken, dis jointed words. Finally she opened her eyes and looked eagerly round tiie room, and oalled John's name in a frightened voioe. He instantly bent' over her. She was Bo startled when Bhe saw his eyes looking into hers that John's heart stood stUL He thought that she did not know him ; but almost immediately tiie startled look died out of her face, tsars gathsred dowij in her eyes, she tried to speak, her lips quivered, and finally die turned her faoe from him. ? What isit, Hester f be said, anxiously, though softly. She made an effort to keep Sick the tears, and said, slowly and brokenly, ' Why wouldn't you heu my explanation P Why dul you give me npp' It was evident that she had either for gotten or had not sensed the marriage servioe. Her mind had not gone beyond the soene with John in the vestibule of the church ; everything else had been blotted out. John lifted up her nerveless hands in his, pressed his lips to them, and said, quietly, — 'I did not give you up; we were married, Hester; you are my wife; that is why I am here beside you.* ' ' She turned her faoe eagerly towards him ; a life oame to her eyes. She was about to speak again, bat the nurse oame to the bed and made a warning gesture, which John understood. He bent his head dose to Hester's, and, kissing her softly, said, in a hushed voioe, — ' Don't try to talk any more now, Hester ; I shall watch beside you all through the night ; I shall not leave you for a moment, and I am strong and happy in my love for you.' The look of relief whioh spread over her faoe waa instantaneous. Bhe asked no further questions ; she did not want to talk ; John was beside her, he had said that he would not leave ber. She dimly understood that he knew everything, and Bhe oonld rest at last. With a sigh of infinite oontent, she smiled into his eyes, then her own closed heavily and she sank into a deep sleep. Her slender, nervous fingers dang to his hand and never relaxed their hold all through the silent peaoefnl night. And John kept his vigil at her dde. When the mail-bag was opened a few days later at Chapel House, there were two letters in John's handwriting. One was for Aunt Jenifer, and one was for Carey Aunt Jenifer wiped her spectacles, adjusted them carefully, and proceeded to open hers, wondering what John could find to write to her about. Carey oarried hers over to the window in order to spell out John's queer handwriting, but her attention was im mediately attraoted by a big bluebottle fly whioh had somehow managed to defy the oold weather and was bussing and humming around with ail the cheerfulness and con fidence appropriate to a day in June. Carey oould not attend to her letter, even though it was from John, till she had despatched this exciting fly. She determined to out him in two with Aunt Jenifer's shears, and she was just beginning a lively chase up and down the window panes, when she was as tonished to see Aunt Jenifer rise suddenly from her chair, npset her work-basket, and call out in a sharp voioe to the entiie house hold, although no one was present but Oarey, — 'Oarey! Becky! Jasper! sll of yoal They've gone and got married in town r ' Who's gone and got married in town P' asked Carey, mak'ng dabs at the fly with the shears. ' Why, John Cecil's gone and married Hester, to be sore. Weil! well! I never heard tiie like ot it.' 'John and Hester got married P* echoed Oarey, dropping the shears and suddenly sitting down on tiie settle with a thump. ' I don't b'lieve it,' she exclaimed. 4 Yes, hern it is : John says, ' Dear Aunt Jenifer,' (' Dear Aunt,' indeed !' she sniffed, though it was dear from the puoker around her lips that John's adoption of her as a relative was highly pleasing to her,) ' I may as well tell you without any flourish that Hester and I were married on Wednesday at St Paul's Ohuroh, and, barring the faot that Hester has had an attaok similar to the one when she fainted last * inter, snd that I have been awfully worried and npset about her, we are the two happiest people I know of. We don't know when we shall return. 1 hope you will paoify Carey before we oome; I shall probably have to give her half of my possessions in order to appease her. Hester sends her love, and will write very soon. ' Yours affectionately, ' Jobs Wobthujotos Cecil. r It's the meanest, sneakin'est, most low down thing I ever heard of, to go off and get married all by themselves and leave us all ' ont, and then stay in town and have a good time ; 'twould been a heap more fun for 'em to 've had me and Jasper and the dog along. I just tell yoa. Aunt Jenifer, I'm goin' real mad about it ; I ain't goin* to Bpesk to 'em or notice 'em when they do get baok, and I guess they'll wish they behaved better,' angrily exclaimed Carey. Then she was rfilent while aho tried to adjust her mind to the new order of things. At last she broke out again: ' 111 just make John fork over lots of things ; I'll make him gimme tiie new beagle pupmes, and his douUe-bladed jack-knife, and nis best pair of dividers, and I guess I might as well speak for tiie yearling colt while I'm 'bout it,' she wonnd np, jumping np irom the settle and already fall of the idea of her new possession!, whioh, nnder the circumstances, die knew die oonld wheedle oat of John. ' Well, I know what Caroline Jenifer's goin' to do,' said Aunt Jenifer, arranging the contents of her work-basket, taking off her apron, and piaking the threads off her gown, were was determination in her tone and a flush on her smooth, rank faoe. ' I'm goin' to march myself to Dorset, and I'm going to tell every man, woman and child in that village that John iand Hester ace mar ried. and I'll wager that before night it will be known all over Dorset parish and the whole country to boot ; and if some of those people yonder don't fed aboat the size of a pea when Fm done with 'em, then my name ain't Caroline Jenifer.' And Aunt Jenifer, with skirts tanked up, and her sturdy feet encased in goloshes, was soon splsdiing her way ova the muddy road to spread the news of John and Hester's marriage. Her triumph was oomplete. The villagers stared in one another's faoes. There was no truth in the dreadful stories, and there never had been ; Colonel Brant was dead,, and Hester had been a widow after all. and John Cecil had known all the time what he waa about. Everybody agreed that it was the most suitable matoh that had been made in the county for years; and the whole parish was in an idyllio state of delight over the marriage of John an d Hester, and their ? antiripated return to Oapel House, destined to be to them, in a new sense, traly aChapd (Tax Esz-.) On every engine on tiie London, Brighton, and South Ooast Line there is printed be tween the look-out windows the name of the driver, under whioh there is the date when the engine was built. It it is an old engine there u at the dde of the date a number ot miles, which is usually about half a million, and then another dSrte is printed. The ; seoond date is when the engine was over hauled and repaired, and the number repre sents tbe distances in miles the engine has travelled from the time it was built to the 1 time when it had to tie repaired. Thui system has many advantages. , In the first plaoe, every man keeps to his own engine, lie knows all its good points, knows exactly its capabilities and limitations. Then, again, having his name printed an his engine makes ) every driver take a pride in it, and it is a -pnod day for him when he makes a reoord COB. 