BULL Vi LION FIGHT. * The good people oE Roubaix, in tlio north, oE Franco, eelebrntod National Fote day., last weok in a peculiarly atrocious manner. The programme of amuseroonts in cluded a round of bull-fighting', nnd " a grand wiud up " in tlio slmpo 1>f an cn» counter botweon n huge )ion, " Goliath," and a Spanish bull, tlio contestants being put together in a largo case. Tho reBiilt was most disnppointing to tlio spectators, for Goliath, born ami reared in captivity, proved a cowardly brute. He " roared spleudidly," but Ihosliouta oE tho bloodthirsty spectators ami mad rush of tho goaded hull cowed him coui» jpletely. ; ' The first encounter wan decisive, Tho bull gorod tho lion's (lank terribly, and in tlio tuadncsa of pain Goliath bit, oft tho bull's car. But that was his only nUornpt ut reprisals, for next moment he was rolling on tho ground, bleeding profusely and groaning with agony. Meanwhilo tho bull stood with ready head waiting tho lion's next move. 'Whrin it cauio it was a desporato at tempt to got anywhore out of the rnngo oE the toro'u terrible horns. To do so, G-oliath tried to climb the bars of tho cage, and as ho roao tho bull charged ngain, driving his horns into tho hapless lion's mouth. Tho wounded brtito bit Savagely on tho born and scored the bull's thick neck with a blow of his paw, but it was a last effort, and ns tho bull drew off for nnother charge Goliath tolled over in tho lost throes. In vain did tho Chulos try to irritate tlio poor boast into a final effort; in vnin thoy tried to make tho bull ehargo once again. Ho would not touch tho iuort tawny macs, and Leo gavo up tlio ghost whilst . 1-1,000 presumably civilised beings cheered the vietor, and hotipod maledictions on tho vanquished, i . So fur. tho authorities do not nppoar to liavo taken any action against tho promotor of this inhuman show,; and further lion v. bull fights aro on tho tapis. Bibol, tlio monngerie uinn, had oJTorbd to put 0110 of his lions against two of Mazwntini's best Spanish bulls. The toreador, on his side, says ha will match ono toro against two lions or tigers for £1000. 