€lK6a p metropolis Earl Beaucliamp last week was the social sensation of the Gay Metrop. He drove through, our wide streets, admired our trams, visited Parliament Houses, shook hands with the only George Jenkins, Clerk of Parliament, went to the picture gallery, and dutifully expressed himself delighted with all he saw. Beauchamp's pale blue eyes twinkled with suppressed emotion on board the Himalaya just before that gorgeous P. and O. boat oast anchor under the direction of a Lascar bo'sun, who blew a silver whistle furiously, and swore at his crew in Hindostanee. The rain on that afternoon came down in a perfect deluge, and most" women' protected their pretty little feet with gaiters. In anticipation of a strong breeze or something as they went up the gangway, many women had put on their smartest silk underskirts. /Alas! those skirts, the rain ruined them all in that one afternoon. But to the reason that made the Earl's pale blue eyes twinkle, and his pretty mouth break into a smile. A lot of people went in the first saloon to Sydnov who had more money than manners. One of them, a girl, was dying to make the Earl look at her, or. perhaps, it was just by an accident that she stood near him, and bowled a parcel straight into the hands of a porter on the pier. "Oh, Annie, you forgot your kike," said she in a raspy voice. Then she giggled, and Annie, who had just left the gangway, received the parcel of "kike" from the bewildered porter, who, when he had seen it coming swiftly over the steamer's side, for a moment thought it a cricket ball from the hands of Howell's ghost. The going without gloves craze (which, however, is a boon to manicurists and brings in trade to them), will not die yet. One of the Earl's party went on board the Himalaya at Port Melb. with bare hands, her fingers blazing with diamond rings. Lord Hindlip, the new aide, will return to London, if not a Benedict, at least thoroughly spoiled. Some of our smartest and raciest girls have made a pet of him already, and little lunch and tennis parties, afternoon teas, and small dances are being given especially for him all over Toorak and S. Yarra. He is a poio maniac, and has bought two of Maoriland Baker's best polo ponies. Govt. House stables at present are quite full. His Ex. goes out riding every afternoon that he is free of an engagement. The groom, in the Brassey brown livery, who follows fifty yards behind the Governor, has quite as trying time from State- scliool children, who are just going home, as the first Melb. cyclistes used to have. The only difference is that S.S. young democrats don't throw road metal and their hats at His Ex.'s groom. What's in a name? To literary and artistic people there can only be one Beardsley, the artist who drew all things in curves and died young. But there is quite another Beardsley in Melb. He is kennel huntsman to the Melbourne hounds, and the only curves he can draw are with his whip. Austral Salonites held a debate on Thursday evening. "Wealth or Intellect, which is the greater factor in civilization?" All the debaters were in their smartest evening dress, and looked very . different to members of the usual woman's intellectual society. The opener on the Intellect side was a vision in white satin and- pearl embroidery. Her golden Jiaiv was ornamented with white plumes, and she looked quite as attractive as the bride at a Cathedral wedding. Another speaker on her side was also in white satin, and a third, a pretty fair-haired girl who speaks all the European languages fluently, was in turquoise duchesse satin, the bodice cut to show a remarkably plump, and pretty pair of shoulders to the greatest advantage. All the ladies spoke well. One of them, a critic on the debate, described as wittily sarcastic. The lady during the debate had remarked that Wealth was the greater civilizer,. and that- when gold was discovered in Westralia all the inhabitants of the eastern provinces had ruehed violently over to make the acquaintance of the Cinderella of Australia, and in return for her wealth were quite willing to teach lier some of their boasted civilization. The same critic accused another speaker of goingover tod much ground, of talking from the time of the ancient Britains to the success of frozen mutton in N.Z. The wittily sarcastic speaker said the Intellect side were too Utopian, and that if wealth and intellect were as universally distributed as they wished, we should all live in an Earthly Paradise that the Salon would probably be a temple of gold and all Salonites angels. The audience voted on the question, and decided by 45 against five that Intellect had it. Henrietta Watson, who is to play Miladi in The Three Musketeers at the Princess's, is staying at the George Hotel, St. Kilda, with sister Elizabeth. Some one ought to put on phonograph records in the dining-room, for an astonishing number of clever people stay at that hotel, and so do society people when the servant trouble grows beyond endurance. Henrietta has adopted Sinnon's movements and glides about a room like a beautiful tropical serpent. (This is meant for a compliment—not a libel). Her skirts cling. to her like a second skin, and she wears a fine leather Batcliel on the right side of her skirt, as she says every woman in London is doing at the present "moment. His Excellency, known to Freemasons as Grand Master Brother Brassey, entertained the fraternity at Govt. House on Wednesday night. The rain came down heavily just as the company were leaving their homes, consequently, the trams were empty, and hansoms in request. Usually the majority of people tram it to Govt. House gates, and from the iron gates walk up the broad paths that lead to possible destruction from cab and carriage horses, for it is very dark in Govt. House grounds, and an economical public works department are sparing in their supply of gas and electric light to Her Majesty's representative. As a function the At Home was not thrillsomely gay—indeed, it might be called dull, judging by the many times gold repeaters were drawn from the waistcoat pockets of the fraternity as they listened to part songs from members of the Clarke Lodge choir, selections from veteran Herr Plock's German Band, and songs from a few vocalists. Brother Sir George Turner, Past Grand Senior Warden, and Brother Peacooir, Pro. Grand Master (his Ex.'s understudy, as it were), were amongst the company, whom one jostled at the buffet, and met in the state dining-room at a very fine supper. On the same evening members of the Athenaeum Club gave a house dinner.. Many of the members are It.C.'s, and, therefore, not Freemasons. Baritone Wallace Brownlow sang for them, and one or two pressmen, guests of members, entertained the company with some if their best smoking-room stories, told as? dramatically as if they had been on the stage as long as on the press. Some Melb. women franchise agitators are wildly excited over the Ladies' Federation League formed at Hay, N.S.W., bv Mrs. Miller, Mayoress of the town. lis quite possible that Melb. will have ill? little league of ladies sworn to influence their menkind on how to vote for Federation. Not that many Victorians oppose Federation, but there are possibilities in a woman's league of a Federation more social than political. Julius Marcus Knight, instead of being thrown to the lions at the end of the Sign of the Cross performance, came before the curtain and made a little farewell speech. He had no time to change his white Roman sacrificial robes, and it was rather odd to hear an early Christian tell a crowd that lie was not leaving Australia because he was tired of it afi^er two years, but just because he wanted to go home. And when he told them how many friends he had made in Australia, and how much he owed them for their kindness, quite a number of giddy gushers said, "Isn't he a darling?" Just keep a little corner in your hearts and memories for IvLarc-os Superbus," he entreate^ in his musical, caressing voice, and the girls and i* lot of men shotted. "Of course we will." The mayor of a fashionable Mslb. suburb, who poses as a "Liberal and a democrat," was recently due for his annual ball. Gov. Brassey's promise to attend was secured, and lur. Mayor thereupon issued his invite cards, headed "To meet Lord and Lady Brassey." Sassiety people of that suburo smiled loudly. They had "met Lord and Lady B." times out of number elsewhere, if the mayor hadn't, and they stopped away from the ball. The late Archdeacon Stretch, of Melb., left personal property valued at <£1,560, bequeathing it all to his youngest daughter, with the remark : "It is not for lack of affection that my other children are not mentioned; I know, however, that they are provided for, and what property I leave will not be worth dividing." A matter of opinion, perhaps; but for a prelate in active service for over 40 years the amount of treasure laid upon earth is modest enough, compared with the average "cutting up" of church dignitaries. The friends of Mr. Louis Luscombe are working with the greatest enthusiasm to make his forthcoming complimentary concert a great success, and the arrangements already made certainly point in that direction. Distinguished patronage has been secured, and the general committee numbers about a hundred influential people, a special ladies' committee having also been formed. It is intended, however, not to rely solely on the personal popularity of the beneficiare to secure a bumper house, for the patrons of the concert will have their "money's worth" in a programme of very much more than ordinary interest, in which not only Mr. Luscombe himself, but nearly all the leading artists of Melbourne will be heard to the best advantage, and a full orchestra has also given its valuable services. In the glimmer of the dawn one morning last week a crowd of people had early breakfast, took the first trains into town, and waited outside a music shop until 9 o'clock (about three hours) until the doors opened. Coupons were given to the waiting crowd in the order in which they arrived, thus saving the wild whirling rush for the box plan as in the old days when the strongest had the best chance of buying good seats. The rush was for Amy <'a.°.tles' concert and every reserved seat was taken in two hours. When Amyfirst came to Melb. she was very poor, as everyone knows, and after singing for the first time in public, eagerly jumped at the offer of Mrs. Doubleday to sing at a Town Hall concert for fifteen guineas. The concert proved a huge success, and the promoter, instead of sending Amy Castles a cheque for fifteen guineas, gave her one for seventy-five guineas. It is a pity this was not known at the time, for a lot of very nasty things need not have been said about the motive for which the concert was given. Business men advised Mrs. Doubleday not to risk the entertainment, and to pay necessary exes, she sold her carriage to a foreign consul for .£45. Mr. Turnbull, the well-known oarsman, who was killed from a fall down the slip- pery stairs leading from Prince's Bridge to the boat sheds -was only twenty- seven. Ho was a nephew of Mrs. Eobert Harper, whose husband has made a fortune out of Empire cocoa and oatmeal. Mrs. Harper is a daughter of the late Rev. Dr. Cairns. Solicitor Rennick, who shot himself in his Melb. office last week was a son-inlaw of Sir Arthur Snowden, ex-Mayor of Melb.,, with whom he and his wife and child lived since their marriage five years ago. Cause of suicide a mystery, unless it was overwork, deceased being a man of mercurial mind, and always taking on enough "graft" for three. Photo, by Johnstone O'Shannessy, Melbourne. The Long and the Brief of it. MB. JAMES McKEAN, Melb.'s Giant Solicitor. Talma photo., Melbourne. " County and Sessions." JUDGE GAUNT, Melb. 