II. Maud Redworth had been giving some holiday music lessons to a coal miner's children, and it was growing dark when she entered the rusty iron gates leading to the wildnemess of garden. Although she had been up and down the avenue of Norfolk pines many times since they had some to the Redworth House, she never could resist the impulse which bade her race up it at full speed as if pursued by some unseen enemy, so that her two brothers, who reached home before her, were not surprised this Christ- mas eve at the manner of her coming. She flew into the hall and banged the door behind her. 'Thank goodness,' she said. 'I'm safe home. Those creepy pines do howl: I don't wonder they never could let this awful place, it's enough to give any one the blues.' Angus swept his law books to the other end of the table and unearthed a teapot from the debris, (he read for the law at night, and worked in an account- ant's office during the daytime), and Fred pulled up a big chair to the fireplace. Poor Fred, whose vocation was certainly a bush one, and whose heart was wrapped up in Moonbi, probably felt the altered circumstances the most of the trio. He had got a billet of coach driving from the owner of the livery stables, and was con- tent to take it until something better turned up. Meanwhile this dreary house, with its endless empty rooms and echoing passages and falling ceiling, and uneven floors, was shelter, although it was hard to be cheer- ful this first sorrowful Christmas, with the memory of bygone ones so full of merri- ment and joy on the wide verandah at the homestead, beyond the ranges, and the gloomy outlook for the coming year be- fore them. Angus unearthed some crockery from a dark cupboard, and Fred prepared to toast the bread, but Maude dropped her golden head on her soft white hands, and refused to cheer up, even at the thought of toast and tea. 'Horrid old places' she said again. 'Listen to the wind shaking the laths in the corridor; no wonder .people say its haunted, though I beiieve the ghosts are only wind in those disgusting trees!' 'No doubt,' said Angus, promptly. 'Ghosts are only a matter of nerves. Mine are a bit run down lately, I think, for I've had a ridiculous impression some times that someone was in the room with me—looking at me—and I've jumped round to see as if I'd been shot. It would make you laugh if you had seen me. Only I'm not going to give way to it again.' He sets his lips firmly as he spoke, and Maude laughed. 'When you put on that stern expres- sion,' she said, 'you don't look quite so like Uncle Angus' twin brother; his face was weaker than yours, poor dear. Look at his picture without any wreath round it, and to-morrow is Christmas. I must really decorate a little before breakfast.' Angus of the present inqyed over to the fireplace and looked up at the dim oil painting of Angus of the past. 'We are alike,' "he said. And so. they were—the same hand- some, clear cut features, the olive skin and grey eyes, under level brows, save the slight difference in expression, and that the Angus of the past wore his hair longer than did the Angus of the present. 'He was about my age, too; twenty- two when he died,' said the latter, dream- ily. 'And loved a damse of the name of the name of Heron also,' said Maude slily. 'All sorts of coincidences if you come to think of it.' A shadow crossed fthe young fellow's face, for Mary Heron, daughter of a wealthy judge was as far beyond the reach of penniless Angus Redworth as the moon is from the earth. 'For goodness sake came to tea,' shouted honest-faced Fred, impatiently. 'I'm as hungry as a starved dingo, and the fried scones are getting cold. Bring up that arm chair, Angus. I guess the Colonel must have sold most of his furni- ture and all his carpets before he died. Its cool weather for Xmas. and no mis- take.' 'I guess the old chap was rather hard up after his 'treasure' was stolen. Rum start converting everything into hard cash, and most of the cash into precious stones. Only wish we could run across the cash-box now, eh Maude?' said An- gus. Maude laughed. Indeed Maude laugh- ed on any pretext, for she was a merry little soul. 'If we did,' she said, 'you would make your share of the find into a necklace for Mary Heron. Don't forget that you are to drive me over to spend the New Year with her,' and she glanced merrily again at her grave-faced brother, who, to change the conversation took a thin sheet of printed papers from his pocket and threw over to her. 'There's a Government Gazette' of the early days,' he said, 'my boss gave it to me to-day. Is quite a curiosity and in- teresting to us, because it contains a de- scription of 'Olive Scarrow,' the convict servant who bolted with the loot. Read it out, and tell me if you don't think the old man had good taste.' Maude bent over the badly printed slip, and read out the name of Olive Scarrow from the list of run-away con- vices. 'Age 28, tall, well developed figure, very red month. wavy bright brown hair, of a pale complexion, very white teeth, and small very white hands; eyes hazel, very piercing. Assigned servant to Colonel Redworth, of Redworth estate, Great Western road; disappeared December 24th., 18—; sus- pected of having unset jewels (rubies and diamomds) in her possession.' 'Sounds vey pretty,* said Fred. *Too pretty for a suspected poisoner, as some say she was. I have heard father say he just remembers her coming not long be- fore he got the kick out. She would be a jolly old woman if she were alive now. Rusty, old boy, cheer up,' (this to the big cattle dog Iying by the hearth). 'The climate of Redworth house does not agree wih him; he always seems uneasy and restless now.' 'I believe he sees ghosts,' said Maude 'He is always staring into dark corners. Poor old doggie. Have you got the blues because you can't go mustering on Moon- bi?' And she took the big brown head on her lap and talked nonsense to her old playmate, while Fred smoked, and Angus read his law books. He was siill reading when Maude fol- lowed Fred upstairs to bed, for nothing could induce her to go up alone, especially to-night, when the NorfoIk pines were wailing outside more weirdly than usual. As for Angus, he read on until mid- night, then lit a candle, locked the hall doors back and front, Rusty following him everywhere with a pathetic look in his eyes. More than once Angus had the firm conviction that someone or some thing was staring fixedly at him, an impression which had taken him in its clutches more than once or twice of late. 'This comes of burning the midnight oil,' he said. 'I shall be as fanciful as an hysterical girl next. Come along Rusty, old man, its time we were asleep.' He had taken for himself a big room off the landing; a date and the initial A.R. cut on the windowsill pointed to the fact that it had once belonged to the Angus of the past. Some of the old furniture still remained, in particular a heavy carved oaken chest, on which stood an old fashioned looking glass in an elab- orately worked bronze stand and frame. The glass was so heavy that Angus had always regarded it as a fixture in some way fastened into the oak. However, to-night as he was poking about it for a mislaid stud he noticed a small scrap of paper between the edge of the stand and the oaken top of the chest—and giving the bronze monstrosity a shake and a pull brought it off the paper, which looked like the torn end of a letter, yellow and faded by time. He held it up to the light ; the writing was dim, but he read easily the words :— '——to be your Christmas gift from yours in this world and beyond, —Olive Scarrow.' How that woman's name kept crop- ping up to-night, and now to crown all he must find a piece of her writing that had lain for half a century undiscovered. 'Queer place for it to be, at any rate,' he muttered. A resounding bang shaking the house from roof to basement cut short his cog- itations—the front door had blown open evidently—(the lock could not have caught. Angus swore, of course, but lost no time in going downstairs and clos- ing the door ; he locked it securely ; the hall was filled with the chill of the night wind, and he shivered as he sped up the stairs again. At the first landing he turned quickly—someone was surely be- hind him this time, staring at him. For a moment his eyes were fairly dazzled, for a flood of light filled the hall, streaming out from the open dining room door. Then a woman crossed it, she was carrying an empty tray, and was smiling her head turned towards the dining room door, as if she had just answered some- one in the room. She was dressed in a full-skirted lilac dress, and her hair, primly parted down the middle, fell on either side of her face in ringlets. It was a very beautiful face, with its red lips and clear pale skin, and wonderful, wonderful eyes—a face that through all the long years of Angus Red- worth's future life would rise, uncalled for though it was, fresh in every detail until a sweet, blue-eyed face would fade and grow indistinct, and the blood would course through his veins with a madness that seethed like a spell from another life of other memories, other loves. He tried to move, but a strange numb- ness came over him, and he felt as if root- ed the spot. The woman passed on into the shadow, and still he did not move, was it minutes or hours, that he stood there until a strange weird cry as if from a lost soul in mortal agony rang out from the dining room. Then the woman's figure passed again, hurriedly, swiftly out of the shadow and into the lighted room. He caught a glimpse of her face as she passed, so changed that he hardly thought it could be the same, with its look of unutterable fear, of all prevailing despair. Then Angus made a supreme effort, and rushed down the stairs after her, but the hall was in complete darkness. He struck a match and went cautiously to- wards the dining room: it was quite empty, and every door securely dosed. So it was, as he thought, an optical de- lusion—was his brain over-wrought, was not old Colonel Redworth more than ec- centric ? A dumb fear tore at his heart. The fear of madness, and then he shook it off and went slowly up the stairs ; overwork and madness were two very dif- ferent things, although the symptoms might be alike, and yet everything seem- ed so real. The woman's face, in partic- ular, was burnt into his brain. He looked in at Fred's room as he passed, and found him fast asleep, and there was no sound from Maud's room. No ! There could not have been any noise, or else they would, have wakened, and that cry was enough to wake the dead. The best thing was to go to bed and forget all about the delusion if he could. He turned in, and soon fell asleep to the sighing and wailing of the wind in the pines. No for long, however. Again that curious feeling of the watching eyes and he opened his own to see the room full of the same mysterious light—no ! it was not mysterious—only bright moonlight filling all the space between the open win- dow and the oaken chest, before which stood the same woman's figure, busily groping for something near the looking glass. He could see the small hands plainly ; they were white as death. Again the strange numbness chained him as if with bonds of iron. The woman turned, moving stealthily as if afraid to be seen, crushing something in her hand. She had evidently found what she had sought. The moonlight showed her face white and hoplessly despairing, as he had last seen it. Was she only some common thief tak- ing advantage of the windy night and the open hall door to creep into the house. Oh! for the power to move or call out. She moved quicklyacross the room to- wards, the door, when, with a low growl, the big cattle dog sprang between—faith- ful Rusty, whose great jaws could hold with a bull dog's tenacity. His hair bristled and his eyes seemed to start out of his head as he showed all his strong white teeth, and crouched to spring. The girl—whose eyes seemed to shine like stars in the semi-darkness—touched the dog lightly on the head with one of her tiny hands, and without a sound Rusty collapsed in a huddled heap on the floor. Then the spell left his master, and springing from his bed he rushed after the girl. How fast she went—there—they were in the hall. How she seemed to glide into the shadows as if afraid with more than mortal terror. Why! the back door was wide open. 'Devil take the doors,' shouted Angus. 'Here, stop! my lady. You might as well sooner than later.' And he made a determined rush to catch her, just as she flitted across the moonlit yard towards the black cavern- like entrance to the wine cellars. Angus had won many a race in his school days, and was accounted a good runner, but the mysterious girl had wing- ed feet, apparently, for with no seeming effort she outstripped him eaeily. How ever, Angus knew that the cellar had no outlet, the stable lantern hung close by, and it was an easy matter to find and light it, and to plunge boldly into the damp arched space. Both outer and in- ner cellar were quite empty. Just for a moment the play of the light on the far wail of the inner cellar caused it to look as if it were broken into a gaping hole, with a pile of loose bricks on the floor beside it. A delusion again, for on coming closer he saw that it was firm and new as it had been since the day the Colonel laid the last bricks together with his own hands. Thoroughly mystified and overwhelmed with that fear for the balance of his own worried brain, Angus slowly retraced his steps. It was no laughing matter now; he must see a doctor in the morning, for this way lay madness.' The moonlight still flooded the bed- room, and Rusty still lay in that curious huddled manner, sound asleep. No doubt the dog had never stirred all night, and that had only been another of his fancies. He stopped to pat the dog for the companionship of even a dumb animal was comforting, and then he kicked him gently to wake him, but still Rusty did not stir. With a swift movement Angus bent down and turned the dog over. 'My God!' he cried, 'Rusty is dead.' And so it was. Poor Rusty was life- less, and already strangely stiff and cold as if he had been dead for days. Here at last was something tangible. The young man lost no time in rousing his brother, and telling him the story. Together they examined the dog, but could make no guess at the cause of his sudden end. His whole aspect was that of a crea- ture who had died in mortal agony and terror, the eyes protruding and the lips drawn back and showing the sharp white teeth set in a strange grin of fear. 'Its a rum go.' said Fred, 'but of course there's some commonplace explanation of the whole thing. Maude will cry her eyes out when we tell her that Rusty is dead.' 'Suppose,' said Angus, 'that we pull down that cellar wall to-morrow morning. 'Agreed,' said Fred laconically The cellar was full of dust as the last bricks fell, disclosing a narrow space be- tween the old wall and the new. Angus threw down his crowbar and waited until it subsided a little, but an exclamation from Fred brought him forward again. 'Light the lantern, Angus, it's so infern- ally dark ; there's something in the cor- ner ; lend me the crowbar—now the light. Ah!' Both young men fell back a step or two, for the bright rays fellon a skeleton, wedged in an upright position at the end of the narrow passage-like space. The grinning skull with the leathery skin still clinging to it in patches was like no hu- man face, and yet both men cried simul- taneously : 'Olive Scarrow !* Fred dislodged a few more bricks, and as the figure fell with a dull rattle to the ground, Angus turned sick and faint. 'Brick it up again,' he cried, 'it is de- secration ; let the dead rest. She was such a beautiful woman.* 'Are you crazy ?' shouted Fred, mak- ing a dive forward. 'Brick it up as soon as you like when I've got this out. Here, man, help me, for it's as heavy as lead.' And then Angus saw that he was tug- ging at a smalt brass-bound box which had been partly hidden by the volumin ous lilac skirts that were fast turning to dust before their eyes. 'It is the Colonel's lost cash-box,' cried Fred. 'God-send ; it's still the same as when he lost it. Give me the axe—the wood is pretty soft round the lock.' His eyes shone with excitement as he wrench- ed open the lock, and small wonder, for on the first tray shone and sparkled dia- monds, and rubies, and a greater number of uncut gems in the rough. 'Maude ! Maude!' he shouted. 'Stop!' said Angus. 'Maude must not see this,' pointing to the shapeless heap in the corner. 'Her fate must have been an awful one. Fred, can it be pos- sible that Colonel Redworth knew she was here when he bricked up the gap.' 'Of course not ; anyway, she would have called out. I believe she must have crept in to hide herself, and perhaps died ; besides, Angus, the Colonel would not have hidden his own treasure ; no sane man—' 'But he wasn't a sane man,' said Angus grimly. 'I believe the poor girl died like a rat in a hole—no one would hear her down in these depths if she called out ever so much.' 'She was a strong woman, no doubt,' said Fred, and the Colonel would need both hands for his brick-work ; unless she had died or fainted she would have es- caped. But what is the use of speculat- ing ; she was undoubtedly a thief, if not something worse, and has been dead half a century.' Fred's honest face was flush- ed with annoyance. He did not like to give way to imagination at any time, but he could see the force of his brother's de- duction, and they made him decidedly un- comfortable. 'Anyway,' he said 'this may explain things,' and he held up a yellow half- sheet of note paper which had fallen from the soft ashy lilac sheds. 'By Jove, Angus, it's a wonder it is so well pre- erved. when everything else is falling to pieces. I declare, it is addressed to you, Angus Redworth.' 'To Uncle Angus, I expect,' said the living Angus quietly, 'hold the lantern steady and let us read it. And bending closely over the yellow paper with its faint sloping writing the brothers read together the message from the dead: 'Hearts beloved,' it began, 'do I blame you when circumstances throw you with that white-faced Eve Heron ? No, be- cause I know you love me, and you should knaw I love you as surely, and give rest to your doubts.' 'Have patience for one night more, and bear with the Colonel; your fate would be your exiled brother's over again were you to tell him that you would not marry Heron's lass with her money and her grand relations, but Olive Scarrow, who whatever she was once, is assigned servant now—a convict woman! And yet I swear this same Olive has it in her power to give you more than Eve Heron ever could, more because she can give un- dying love and greater beauty, with wealth. You must ask me no questions, but believe me the time is short that divides us from each other I am a few years older than you, I am many years older in the knowledge of the world, sorrow and suffering teaches quickly. You would marry me and ask his forgiveness. As well ask for mercy from a prejudiced judge and bribed wit- nesses, as well ask for pity and love from a granite rock! No; you must leave the way to me. The old man will sleep well to-night. I will but add a drop more than usual of his sleeping draught to the wine, and then we shall steal off to a place I know of until we can take ship to another land. You must leave father, friends, and all, for me. But I know you will do it gladly, and I promise you will never regret—wealth, love, all shall be yours, my darling—my brave, true lover. Years hence I shall confess to you one sin—if sin it Is to give a man his own— to hurry the inevitable. For to-night be careful. Take the tall glass with the twisted stem; make no mistake; for the drug which the Colonel has been used to for years is a poison. A little more will but make his sleep the sounder, for his sytem is full of it, and so proof against it. But to you it might mean death, and death to you would be death to me. I will put this in our usual post bag, viz. under the mirror, and be sure to find it. Make ready to meet me at the summer house directly the Colonel falls asleep, and be sure to take the tall glass. The drug is powerful, and has effect on the heart's action—and who knows but you inherit a weakness there for your mother died of heart disease, and you follow her closely in outward seeming at any rate. Good-bye, again. Bear with the stem old man for last time, fall in with all his plans of wedding you to Eve Heron, and comfort your heart, all the time thinking of the love and wealth that shall——' Here the paper was torn across. Angus pulled the scrap he had found from his pocket and fitted it on to the larger sheet. It then read: 'That shall be the Xmas gift from yours in this world and beyond, OLIVE SCARROW." Both men were silent a moment after reading this letter from the dead breath- jng deathless love and undying passion. 'Poor girl,' said Angus at last. 'How she loved him,' 'Even with her perverted moral sense that thought stealing no crime, because in justice the jewels would someday be- long to her lover; poor girl, indeed.' said Fred. 'For she killed Angus Redworth— killed him, can't you see it, and I believe then that she finished herself the same way.' 'Of course. Good God! Why it's as plain as daylight. What a tragedy,' cried Angus. 'I can see it all,' continued Fred ex- citedly. 'She meant to send the Colonel off into a drugged sleep—Angus never got his letter perhaps—and so was un- warned, and so took the wrong glass. I believe now the doctor's certificate— "death due to failure of the heart's ac- tion"'—was near enough to the truth as the drunken old sot could get." 'But the scream I heard?' said his brother. 'Ah! Well—yes. Who knows how the drug acted; it was poison. The letter reads like truth, though the fact of the girl being a convict and a—' Angus interrupted hastily, 'She is dead.' he said almost pleadingly. 'It's a rum go altogether,' said Fred,— still following his train of thought—'the Colonel's actions were those of a madman —perhaps he thought he was taking re- venge for the murder of his favorite son by entombing a dead woman. No doubt she stole back to get the incriminating letter during the confusion—just as you thought you saw her last night—but we never shall know the rights of things.' 'Just as I thought I saw her,' said Angus slowly, 'and there she came to hide —the jewels were here already. I am sure of that for she had nothing with her. This letter need not be made public, Fred, though the finding of the jewels must be—and—' 'Oh yes,' interrupted Fred the practical, 'We must report the finding of the re- mains, and what is this, I should like to know?' 'This' being a thin queerly shaped bottle unstoppered and empty—but the faded label was whole enough to show what it had been. 'This settles the question I think, and our respected grandfather had not added murder to his list of sins—the girl evi- dently did away with herself—I suppose 'm a brute to speak lightly of a lot of people I never saw—but your lace is fun- ereal enough for anything. And I'm all of a jump to report this find to Maude, and I can't think of anything but blessing Olive Scamnv for her timely gift—why there's enough here to mean 'Moonbi' again for me and yaur heart's desire to you.' Then he added, 'Why I am jolly glad the lady didn't appear to me as was her duty to the eldest son; no doubt she thought you were Angus Redworth In the flesh again. Cheer up, old man there's nothing between you and Mary Heron now.' * * * And no more there was. In due time Angus wooed and won the sweet faced Mary and lived a life of prosperity and happiness. And Mary does not know that deep in her husband's heart lies the image of a lovelier face than hers, and that his dearest earthly treasure is a torn slip of paper to 'Angus Redworth from yours, in this world and beyond, OLIVE SCARROW. 