LOIS EBGOTT. THE STORY OF AN ACTRESS.' CHAPTER V.-HUSBAND AND WIFE. BY KATHARINE S. MACQUOID. Author of "Patty," "Appledor* Farm,' &.C., &c.; One morning, a few weeks later, Mrs. Ercott came into her husband's study. He looked up from his book, and the fair blue-eyed woman saw his forehead pucker into a query at the interruption; it was contrary to her habits to appear in the study at eleven o'oloclt. Looking at his wife, Mr. Ercott saw that something abnormal must have happened to bring so bright a flush of pleasure to her comely face and to darken her eyes with excitement. She was certainly a fine woman, and very handsome; sbe stood facing him, her plump white hands resting on the edge of his writingtable. " Well," he smoothed his forehead, and 6miled, " What is it, Agatha?" " I want you to spare me a few minutes, dear." She had a sharper voice than might have Been expected from her pink and white aspect; the constant drilling ofschooi children end their teachers had increased a natural acidity oE tone; ehe went on speaking quickly^ doubtful whether her plan would please her husband. "Do you not think, Robert, we might ask Sir Miles Caveraham to dinner? I fancy it would only be a suitable return for his kindness." Mr. Ercott stared out of his frightened eyes aa if he saw a terrible ghost. " I do not understand your meaning. I am not aware that Sir Miles has shown us any kindness that calls for return. He has told his gardener to send you a few flowers, the act of any civil neighbour, but he takeB no notice of me. He called here, but he neither asked for me nor left a card." Mrs. Ercott had seated herself so that her husband could not look at her without turning his head. " I am going to tell you about it all," she said." The fact is that yon seeined to care so little for that first bouquet I showed you that I did not worry you with the others, but— well—dear—flowers have been coming every day, lovely hothouse blossoms, and so on. Lois dotes on flowers, you know ; she has most of them in her room. Just now oaine a basket of beautiful fruit. I ean hardly' believe it was griJwn at the Manor House; such apricot* I never saw." Mr. Ercott turned suddenly round. "Agatha! how could you keep this from me? I ought to have been told at once. You know how I detest an obligation, especially from a person I see no way of repaying, and now you propose to send a dinner invitation to the Manor House. Good heavens 1 Can yon think that a man with a French cook, a man who lives in that sort of style, could find pleasure in any dinner we could Bet before him?" Mrs. Ercott simpered and thereby showed her pretty teeth. " Robert, dear, that is so like a man ; hasn't it occurred to you that Sir Miles might care to come on account of Lois?" He again stared at her. "Lois, an unformed child, that is really too absurd." 1 He suddenly reddened, and the look of alarm came back to his eyes. " What do you mean, Agatha? I thought you were particular about girls. No, there is no need to ask Sir Miles to dinner." He was very much annoyed and he went back to his book; hitherto his married life had been peaceful, he had felt full reliance on his wife's common sense. Mrs. Ercott was. fond of her husband; she was proud of his scholarship, but she thought him remarkably ignorant about the worid and society. She told herself he wanted savoirfaire. After a short silence, she said— . "Lois must marry some day. She is going to be very handsome. In a few years' time she will be quite a man's beauty. Leave ber to me, Robert. I can see that, with a little judicious encouragement, Sir Miles will be brought to propose for her. I'm sure ha admires her. Last Sunday in church he never took his eyes off her all through the sermon." Mr. Ercott sat upright, grasping each arm of his chair. "May I ask why I was not told sooner of this?" Then, after a pause, he said in a different tone, with a ghastly attempt at a smile, "There can be nothing in it of any consequence ; Lois has never spoken to Sir Miles." His wife did not notice the question in his eyes, and natural contradictions hurried her answer. " Lois met him twice when she was out with the dogs; she said he introduced himself, and was very pleasant; be called a day or two after, but as you say, he did not leave a card, and you were not at home." " Did he come in?" Mrs. Ercott raised her eyebrows at the irritable tone. " I should have told you dear, if he had; I was out too. I fancy Lois saw him in the garden, and he spoke to her." Ercott turned abruptly away. " Robert, dear, surely you would lie satisfied with such a marriage for LoiB. He has money and position, and his sister. Lady Symore, is extremely fashionable, I often see her name in the papers, she would be an excellent chaperon for Lois when Bhe first goes into society." Mr. Eroott's lip curled; he secretly set a high value on all the things his wife had named, but they sounded hollow when set forth as requisites for his child's happiness. He remembered the stories the former rector of Brinsby had told him about the absent squire, also about Sir Miles's father and grandfather, and how he attributed the eril repute of the villagers far more to the example set them by their superiors, than to the curse which was said to hang over Brinsby. Involuntarily he shook his head. "Sir Miles is not a marrying man, Agatha. He only talks to Lois to amuse himself, but you should have told me about those flowers." "And if I had, what would you have done? You could not have sent them back r Robert;; it would have been rude." He began to walk up and down the pleasant old-fashioned room; there were cushioned seats below the broad latticed windows and quaint recesses in the thick walls. He was not much troubled about Lois and the squire, though his wife had certainly been careless about her. He thought the girl was too young and undeveloped to have formed any attachment to Sir Miles, and it was perhaps natural that her brusque, original talk should amuse a bias! 5 man of the world. He could not, however, shake oS a foreboding of trouble, and it •waa extremely galling to find that gifts had been persistently lavished on him by a man who apparently did not consider him an equaL . He stopped at last in his walk. | " This is worse than awkward; you really must loek more closely after Lois, and if I see occasion for it, I will speak to her. You do not know as much about Sir Miles as I do. Agatha; he may do fairly well as a husband for a modern fashionable girl who will take her own way, and will let him go his, but don't you deceive yourself, he would never think of marrying Lois, he is altogether worldly, and—I tell you this in confidence— , remember he has lived a profligate life for vears past, and I have no reason to think he has turned over a new leaf." Aa he spoks he became more and more excited. Sbe put ber hand on his arm, and her eyeB beamed with the sweetest pity. " Dear Robert, don't excite yourself; they say a reformed man always makes a good husband; you have only to go to poor Giles's cottage—by-the-by, you never seem to go there, though you can't think how your visit would be appreciated, I assure you; you needn't be afraid to sit down in it, I have so lectured Elsie about keeping chairs well brushed and dusted; poor soul, Bhe's nevar tired of praising her husband ; so long as he has his pipe, she says, he's always content." "Ishould think so, indeed," Mrs. Ercott said gruffly. "If Giles had been a steady follow and a good husband he'd not have met with the aocident which crippled him. He has to stay quietly at home now whether he likes it or not. He has a better wife than he deserves, but her praise of him only shows that his long illness has for the time changed his habits." "Ob, my dear, you are a complete unbeliever." _ ife-* He seated himself again, but she saw that he was very irritable; his mouth twitched as he looked nt her. " It is most unfortunate that this Bhould have happened," he said; "you must really watch over Lois, and contrivethat she does not get opportunity to meet Sir Males. I am sorry to give you this trouble," he added courteously, " but you will do it more skilfully than i could, and there is no other way so long as he stays at the Manor House." Mrs. Ercott threw hor head backwards, thereby showing the soft creaaes which promised a yet fuller development of her rounded chin; she was very much vexed by this decided opposition to her pet soheme, and her vexation showed itself by unusual abruptness. "Surely the best way is for me to tell Loia that you don'fe wish her to encourage Sir Miles." " My dear Agatha! that would be most injudicious. Lois is full of contradiction, and you risk putting an idea in her head which does not at present exist there." But his wife was not easily repreued. ''Suppose I speak to Sir Miles; I can hint to him that Lois is still very young and impressionable, and that I think him too attractive to be a desirable companion for her." . Sbe heard a sound just a* if hor husband stamped his foot on the floor, but be answered quietly— "No, I think not; reticenoe is best, but yon can easily say to Dawson that just now you are too busy to see visiters. I will find you plenty, of occupation. Your refusal to see Sir Miles, should he call, will be a sufficient rebuff: and —and I think if you would keep Lois withyoir as much as possible it might be usefoL Where is she?" "I left her enjoying those splendid apricots." "Ah!" He looked disgusted, and tuned away. (To be continued to-morrow.) 