Extracts Tiie largest perfumery distillery in the world is at Chiiiioh, in tlio South of Franco, whoro ovor 000,0001b of flowers are used every year. The robbery ot graves is tho only crimo under Chineso law for which tho thief may be justly killftl on tlio spot by anyono finding him cut. Oat's eyes are now a favourite gem A good specimen realised, lately, in London, £1500, whilst other* not no large fetched from £300 to £400. The Japanese do not care much for novels Among 27,000 now books printed last year only 402 were works of fiction. Fifty pounds of honoy aro annually produced by a hivo of 5,000 boos. In iivo years tho l.ecs will have increased to 50,000. ! Vienna tolephono girls are required to change their dress and woar a uni form when on duty, as tho dirt they bring in from tho streets afreets the instruments. Wooden logs, according to statisti cians, aro used by ovor ] ,000,000 English- speaking inon, and this ac counts for the enormous trade in litnbs of this kind. Tub latest Government census in India showed 0,010,75!) girls between five and nine years of age who were already married, of whom 170,000 had become widows. I.v Hush in if a man marries an heiress he does not got tho control of hor inonoy. Thorn '» <* marriage sot tloment and tho wife controls her property as absolutely as the spinster. A now of gun cotton reaching from Edinburgh to London, it is said, could bo fired in two minutes, ho rapid is thu transmission of detonation from one part to another. Venice is built ou 80 islands, and has '100 bridges, which aro very steep and havo many stops. The circum ference of tho city is about eight miles. Accohuino to Kilseon, tho zoologist, tho woighfc of a full-grown Greenland' whalo is 100 tons, or 224,0001b, or equal to tliut of' 88 elephants or 140 bears. A hai.mon has boon known to pro duco 10,000,000 oggs. Home femalo spiders prouueo 2,000 oggs, while a queen boo produces 100,000 eggs in a season. A sunoKSTio.v has lately boon made that glass would bo a bettor and moro lasting material than stono for making monuments which aro exposed to tho wearing action of tho woather. Tub polico forco in India numbers 17,000 suporiorandsubordiiiateollicerH, and 120,000 constables, not reckoning tho 16,880 of Uppor Burmah, and half a million of village watchmen. It is calulated that tho yearly pro duction of tho paper in tho world in 3,000,000,0001b weight, and according to an estimate which has licon made, thin emanates from 2,891 mills. Itf tho ocean woro dried up, all tho water passing away as vapour, tho amount of salt remaining would bo enough to cover 5,000,000 square miles with u layer one inilo thi.-k. In England placing tho thumb to tho noso and extending tliu fingers is tho sign of derision. Among certain hill tribes in India it is tho most oxprossivo manner of showing respect. In inany parts o£ Oliina there aro mounds, earthworks, look-out terracos —tho remains of ancient cities and fortrossos—which mark tho sitos of capitals from the very dawn of authon tic history. Many acres of canary seed are annually grown in Kent, many per sons there being solely canary soed farmers. Tho straw of tho canary seed plant is highly valued as fodder for horsos. In fasting foats the sect of Jains, in India, is far ahead of all rivals Fasts of from thirty to forts days aro very common, and onco a year thoy aro said to abstain from food for soveiity-fivo days. Tiib settlors on Graham's Valloy pastoral holding, near Glen bines, re cently thrown open to selection, liavo already begun to improve tho land. A largo area h to be devoted to fruit culture. In tho roign o£ Edward III. all the browers and bakers were women, and whon mon began to engage in those occupations it was thought so strange that thoy were called men-browers and men-bakera. In Sweedon yarn is not allowed to bo sold if it contains -0009 percent, of arsonic. A carpet has been condomned by the inspectors because it contained 1000th part of a grain of arsenic in 1G square inches. Naval experts put down tho active life of a modern battleship at about lfl years. A hundred years ago battleships lasted nearly six times as long, and were on activo service nearly tho wholo time of their commission. Wiikn the German JCmporor travels on German railways a detailed bill is made out for overy ongine and car used and for tho distance travorsed. It is estimated that ho pays tho Prussian railways about .£">000 a year. Tjib diminution of cost of produc tion effected in modern times by tho improvements in processes of manu facture is wonderful. Thus a gross of stcol pens, which aro sold today for half-a-crown, formerly cost £7 to produce. Thin'us must indeed bo brink nnd news plentiful lit liunbury (W.A). The following item from Banbury " Southern Times " speaks for itself : " Our leading article, foreign find local telegrams mid othor interesting matter aro crowded out of this issue." It is possible to seo a greater stretch of surrounding country from tlio top of Ijoith Hill, Surrey, than from any spot in England. Parts of ten, and with a telescope eleven, counties can bo scon from the summit. Tiikiik is a plant in Jamaica called the life-plant, because it is almost im possible to kill it. When a loaf is cut oil and hung up by a string, it sonds out white, thread-liko roots, gathers moisture from tho air, and begins to ' grow new leaves. Tiik largest sun-dial'in tho world is Hayou Haioo, a largo promontory, extending liOOOft abovo tho VKgean Soa. As tho sun swings round the shadow of this mountain it touches, ono by one, a circle of islands which i act as hour-marks. ' Pjioiiaiii.y the only dogless town in Europo is that of Piaok, in Bohemia. A case of hydrophobia having token place there, the authorities peremptor ily ordered every dog in the town to bo either sent away or killed, which woh dono at once. While in America, Mr, W. S. Gil bert was one evening at a fasbionablo function givon by a lady of the "new rich " order, who posed as a patron of rnuaic, but who bad not bad time to oducutu hersnlf She was foolish anough to attempt to 14 show off" bn foro tho Enulitli cnlobriiy. "And what is Bach [• Batch * nho called it] doiog now 7* she said;" Io ho com posing anything?" "No, madam," immediately ropliod Mr Gilbert, with out the ghost of a stniln. •' No madam, Batch in just now decomposing, A PREJUDWK ag-iinsfc tvics and tbeir mothers dominates tbo nativnB of the Nig*r Ooait Protectorate. Despite ths influence of British ruin, it is the usual thing for twins to be killed as noon as born. The mother is troated as o defiled outcast. This, says Miss Slftflsor, who has worked for 22 years under the auspices of the United Proobytorion Minoion at Old Crtlabar, is booaQse witchcraftis assumed to have boon responsible for tbeir plurality. It was at Drury-Inne when Charlie Harris, wbo was a brother of tho late Sir Augustus Harris, was in charge of tho stage. The unforfonate individual I wbo*o duty it was to simulate tho roar 1 of tho thunder had failed to carry out his work in propur and workmanlike fashion. Meanwhile, unbeknown to those inside tho houno, a veri'oblo thundnrstorm had burst over tho S'rand, and as the first clap crashed through the theatre, Harris thinking that the man - was having another try, shook his Hit at tho place wbero tho man was hidden in the (lies, and beside himself with passion, shouted, 11 Not a bit like if, you adjective idiot J" Tiik following curious experience is told by Mr. Melton Prior, tho distin guished war artist; " I was going out to tho Zulu War in one of the Union Company's vessel*, the G«rman. On board this Bteamer J dreamt on two occasions—that is to say I had two divams precisely similar in their tenor that. 1 was idiot deod and then buried. In my dreams I saw myself killed, and witncsH^d my own funoral in all its dreary detail. Shortly after ray ar rival at tho Royal Hotel in Durban I had a l^t'er from my mother, in which sho stated (hut she had a dream( which I found to be precisoly liko my own, and bogged mo to bo careful and, if possible, not to go to the rolief of Etchowo, This dream coincidence cer tainly had etfVcr. on my inind, and in a weak moment I decid» d I would not «o. 1 I'll tin limited if I go up 11 EtcbowG,' and I didn't. It h«> happened that 1 heard a gentleman, than in Durban, who could sketch very well, end when I had put mynelf in communication with him, he offered 'o lake my place and send his sketches down to me, so that 1 could touob them up and scud thorn to England. I communicated with the proprietors of tho " Illustra ted London Newe, " informing them of tho whole incident and what. I had done. Well Mr, William Ingram (now Sir William Ingram) sent me a oablfgram • 1 E* Krt-k1 *t rau* 4 your not going into battle at Etchowe. Perhaps . our special artist is preserved for better 1 things to come ' ft is a Very curious | thing that out of the aix>y or rooro battles I've been present at, and wit nessed and *ketchod, such nil idea as i 1 keeping out it' never occurred to me. The man who weut up for mo wan one of the first killed in the fighting. I" It is astonishing-bow prolific a source of peerages the woalth and commerce of Lindon was in olden times. Smith, son the apothecary does not atVnd alone. The Earldom of Oornwallis wau foun ded by Thoroaa Cornwall^, the Cheap Bide merchant; that of Essex by Wil liam Oapel, the draper ;that of Craven by Wm. Craven, »be merchant tailor. The founders of 'he families of Dart mouth, Radnor, Ducie, and Pomfrot, were respectively a&kinner;,a silk manu fuo urer, a merchant tnilir, nnd & OaUi? merchant whilst. tho founders of the peerages of Tonkervillo, D jrmer, and Coventry wero mercers. Edward Osborne, the founder of the dukedom of Leedn, was an apprentice to William Hewett, a rich old clnthworker on London Bridge, whose only daughter he courageously rescued from drowning by leaping into the ThameB after her, and whom ho eventually married. Among others of (ho oldor. peerages founded by tradn arc those of l«Vz wiiliam, Leigh, Hill, Poire, Oowper, Damley, and Oarrington. Modern blue- blooded families, whoso origin may bo traced to wealth acquired in trade of every description, are aimply to numerous to mention. Tub 'Klondyke Nugget " is a vory bright little paper published away up on the odgo of the Arotio circle. It has only four pnges. Ytu can't buy whi'o paper in Duwson for a song. F >r tlie name reason subscribers pay £5 a year for the " Nuggets," or 2* a number. It appears weekly. The publishers guarantee a " paid circul ation " five times larger than that of any other paper published hetwoon Juneau and the North Pole." The advertisompnU of the uNugg«t" of Novetnhe 21 include 15 saloons, one brewery, 'wo a'eamboat oompaniep, four doctors, four lawyers. Thon there are announcements of town lots for sale, and the advertisements of bukorios and of a tailor. One girl seeks work as a bookkeeper; ono wnm an wants a eitnation ae a cook. Thn principal news item in a two-column* anda-half story about a town official aB.saulting a newspaper man whiln they wore drinking tiR^'ber. Living must bo luxurious in Dawson. A ,c per flonal " btutnp that one Mr Churchill in limping around from an attack of g' ut A. Blenowski in I ho newmgnnt of Dawson. Ilii enterprise is common tied. Ho is tho only ono^legged nina who over wont ovpr Chilcoot Pobb in winter with a 501b. pack. A now swindle is t'xpoofd. " Tbo would l »* swindler, " says tho " Nuggot" ropor , "Gils a sack partly full of shot and en* tcrs ono of our playhousos. Throwing the aack curolctnly on thn table, ho calU for'astaok of whites' or 'bluo.'aO' cording to his ambition. Thn dealer drops tho saok into his drawer. If the player wins his anck is returned o him and gold to tho amount of his win rungs is woighed out to him. If fco 10909, tho bank is richor by soino excel lont buoksbot. But how tho ewindh r oeoapes having eomo of it permeate his anatomy tho"Nuggot M «aid not. Colonki, Guntcr, oommand&nt; of the Quconalanil defcuco force, han accopted an invitation to attend tho Kaatcr military cncampmoot in Sydnoy. 