T'e 'Apparatus' Can Lie. ? Photographers, especially ^amateur photographers,' will tell you* that the camera cannot lie. This only proves that photographers, especially amateur pho tographers, can ; for the 'dry plate can fib as badly as the canvas on: occasion, and: is. actually more pernicious because of its undeserved reputation of veracity Who (asks the 'Pall Mull Gazette') would believe a ghost story on the un corroborated evidence of a painted pic ture ? Yet a photograph. of a house at Halesowen, taken a- few days ago, in cluded the likeness of the wealthy lady who vacated it six months back. As she vacated it for the churchyard, the plate appropriately enough exhibited her dressed in a shroud ; and so con vincing was this very counterfeit pre sentment ; that a regular ghost » scare broke out, and several women aVerrt--£ that they could see the dead-lady at the* wiudow.' -r.Op.-' Saturday -it wasr- di's; covered that it. was all due to some' flaw: in the. photographic apparatus, just as in a very; similar case at Ipswich, iEng land, some- time ago: .There the view represented a backwater off the River '(tipping, and in the water there was clearly outlined a drowned female figure— waist, bust, features, hair and all. They actually dragged the river to see what they could find, and found nothing. Curiously enough, a woman was really drowiied at that very spot a few weeks later. ; so that Ipswielv'.pho: tography seems tio be as previous as Halesowen is;' retrospective. . ? ' - M.' Worth' is said to have .made close upon a million out of his gowns. , ;, Titled people are not always ^ leaders of fashion, as many seem to think. ::'4 certain countess is said to dress ;«o plainly that on one occasioir she wii^ asked by a gentleman at a fashionable ; gathering to fetch him a spo,on— he thought she was a housemaid ! More over, she did so, and treated the' whole thing as a joke when the gentleman dis covered his mistake. Another lady was told In a stage whisper, by a waiter, to eat her soup with a spoon only, he evi dently thinking she was strange to the manners of ultra-fashionable society judging by her plain dress, that she was a nobody ; but the lady often tells this to her friends, and makes light of, the cir cumstances. 