PELIOBIME ITEJIIS. {From otiv Correspondent). The political situation still remains mixed. Ministers are congratulating themselves on having turned an awkward corner regardless of the fact that the late debates proved nothing so clearly as that the Government has lost control of the House and is out of touch with pnblic feeling. That Mr Isaacs will go home is tolerably certain, but that he will go home as Attorney General is by no means likely since members generally seem to feel that even if it be necessary to turn out the Ministry as a whole the proposed arrangement shall not be allowed to stand. The debate on the Bubject was amusing as well as in structive. The humour was for the onlookers, the instruction should have been for Ministers, sinee time after time they were told by hitherto staunch supporters that they were putting too great a strain on the fealty of their followers. Scandal after scandal has been passed by in comparative silehce out of a desire not to make &ny; change in the face of the great ' change that must be made next year and also on iccount olfthe supineness and want of cohesion in the opposition, bat members on all sides seem to be at one in considering the Isaacs business the last straw. The estimates will afford the much desired opportunity for again dealing with this subject and the many others on which Ministers and members are at variance, and despite the hope* fulness of members of the Government I shall be much surprised if unlooked for developments do not follow. The Best-Jackson affair is to be revived and all its unsavoury surroundings as well as Mr Isaacs attempt to take a long holiday at an important crisis, while at the same time members say that awkward questions will be asked over the loan transactions between a Minister and a member of the Legis lative Council, who baa transactions with the department, the whole details of which were recently set forth in a labor paper which has not been brought up for breach of privilege. Singularly enough this paper is supposed to be edited by a Government servant and run by an ex member who has been selected by the Trades Hall to contest Footscray in the labor interest. The little dodge resorted to by the Government in the Upper House of re fusing last week to go on with the Water Trusts Advances Bill because the Factories Bill was still in danger in the Assembly was too transparent to pass unnoticed, and Mr Fitzgerald was so severe on the Solicitor-General that at last the president had to inter fere on behalf of the Government, and after nearly an hour’s badgering the Ministry got its adjournment for a week. Castlemaine was still dissatis fied, but when he began to joke Balla rat with “ By the Lord Henry Cuth bert, I’m told-” the friendly Sir William Zeal with a hurried glance at the Reporters Gallery hurried the pair into seclusion whence in a few seconds the tinkle of a decanter against a glass could be heard. Christmas is coming and with it all the terrors of of the ordinary Christ mas dinner. Even' in our penal es tablishments the festive season is specially marked by a' little feast, but the thoughts of the coming banquet were too much for one unfortunate prisoner, who. the other day gave np the ghost after a long spell of ordinary prison fare. The ordinary inquest wa3 held, but to the surprise of the public the verdict was “death from indiges tion,” which to most people seemed very anomalous in the case of a priso ner. If ordinary prison fare induces fatal attacta of indigestion what will the pentridge pudding at Christmas do? 