NOVEL. The Martlet Seal. By Jeanette Walworth. OHAPTEB VlII.-(OomannD.) ' Oeleite wu a wiser nurse than I took her for. 1 had no business ooming in here to talk to my little slok wife. I am going Norrie, and I shan't oome back until you send for me, darling. Only don't keep me away too long. I miss you so, dear. So do all the boyo. I with ? ' * Stop 1 stop ! stop 1' It was a ory of pain. He did stop, and stood wonderingly silent vtTiiIa mTia went a*i imnAtnnnalB . ' Tou aie talking to me as if I were a lunatic or a child. A. chili yon know I am not. A lunatic possibly I might lissome, if felgenesi, dwelt, cowardice, daplioity is a man were all that wat necessary to make a lunatio of a woman. When I said that I bated you, I meant it! When I reooiled from yoor touoh as I would from tbat of a reptile, I meant it .' Ton ar» a reptile, John Loiimer I' He blanched at h6r Bcatbing denunciation of him, and, turning his face from her, he stood with folded arms looking down into the fire. It was on reoard in the medical journals, he reminded himself, that people frequently turned npon their very dearest friends when dementia seised upon them. Chalmers niuat b» summoned at ones. He would not add to her excitement by a (ingle word. She stopped speaking. He could hear the tuumltuoua breathing that lifted the folds of her white wrapper in billows of passion. Aner a iitue wnue ner oreatn oame more plaotdly. ? Is that all, Nora P he tamed and uked her quietly. To tsolhe her excited nerves wan his one object just then. ' Tbat is all. Is it not enough F' ' Quite enough in the way of oondemna tlon.\ He had turned towards the door. ' You are going P she aiked, drearily. ' Is not that what you want me to do P 'Yes.' ?Tou know my theory always has bonu that the vejy worst a good woman oan think of a man falls far short of his deserv ing. 1 hope you trill feel better to-morrow, Nora. Try to sleep now, dear.' He was gone 1 She looked stupidly at the wooden panels of the door throngh whioh he had disppeared. \- Not one word in teU- defenoe ! He could not look me in the face and defend himself 1 That muoh to his oredit. And now let me finish my work.' She resumed her writing. Her pen fairly flew over the paper. Sheet after sheet she ailed, folded, enveloped, and directed, until four dosed envelopes lay before her, npon one only of irhioh she put a govern ment stamp. When Oeleste brought her luncheon to the door, she found herself locked out. Whea she knocked two or three tours later, and informed 'Madame' that she was there with the dinner-tray, she was still looked out. When she oune again at lamp-light, oravlng permission to put the ohild to bed, the doo* was opened sumoiently wide for Ninette to creep in, and through the crevioe Oeleete was informed that Mrs Lorimer would attend to the child herself that sight. She was at liberty to dispose of her evening in ner own way. ' The way Oeleste did dispose of it was not at all in ' her own way.' She was entrapped on her way down the stairs by the mistress of White Cliffs and drawn into the sitting-room, where the family pbysioiaa, assisted by John Lorimer and his mother, cross-questioned her rigidly and exhaustively us to ifrsLurimer'a mental condition daring previous neuralgio attaoks. She dipped away from them, when they had extraoted from her a vast deal of infor mation she bad never autpeoted herself possessed of, and crept into a cot in the hall, just outside Mora's door. John himself had looated it. She had assured him ooondnntly that A mnnRA nnnld nnt. ntlr in WtiAntnn'm room and she, Oeleste, not hear it from that position. It was from that night that Oeleste Bougereaux always dated her belief in ghosts, and regardud their visitations as presages of evil. Sue told the story of the White Cliffs ghost always with unotion. ' It was not of gbosta I was thinking,' she would tell you, 'that night. I wan awake. I could not sleep. The ball was large and strange to me. The cot was narrow- I was restless. I was thinking of the child Ninette, and how she most have missed me, when of a sudden 1 felt a cold wave sweep over my face and I saw a white figure gliding noleelowly aoroia the hall and turn towards the uteps. I covered my head with the blankets, chilled but not frightened. Oeleste Bougereaux is not a coward. When X looked again, there was nothing to be eeen but the ooid pale moonlight streaming through the unourtained dormer window npon the bare floor of the hall. The next morning, Mrs John Lonmer was not to be found. I told no one of that visitation from the White Cliffs ghost. Bah! the pro vincials, they would h»Te had no faith in it or in me. But I have seen what I have eeea.' One portion of Oeleste Bougereaux's story was irrefragable. It was on the morning after she slept on the out in the hail that John's wife was not to be found. On the desk in her room were lying three sealed envelopes. One of the envelope: was addressed to her husband. To him she said,— ' I married yo.i for Ninette's sake, I leave yon for your oun. - Tou way be a trifle chocked at this violent rending of tne feeble chain that links us together, bat I fanoy you will be infinitely obligod to mo in the long ran. Consult twmo of your lawyer friends and see how the knot oan be untied legally, foi I would not have yoa lose the f all traits oi tnis saonnan ny reason oi oDitaoles in the path of your marrying again,— moro felicit ously next time, I will hope. I have no intention of making away with myself.' Another une of the envelopes watt addressed to Celeste. To her she taid,— 'Ai soon ai you have read this, ask Mt jurimerto send you and the ohlld to Glen bomle. Take with you her trunk and the envelope addressed to Hut Fairbanks, whioh Heave with this.. Be good to Ninette, and stay with her : it will be to you interest.' The third envelope was addreatod to Miss Fairbanks. To hex (he said,- , - ? X am not eondaoting my project (a thfe wsy I had planned before oomhu to WUte Cliffs. But, after all, we are the misrest poppets in the hands of fits. I had meant my little Ninette ebould win her own way with yon before I made lor her the startling claims of kinship. She is BIWey Fairbanks daughter— Us only ohtld, bom in holy wed- . lock. Her mother and father did not live ngether happily. He detstted her: the had to make her own support. As all of the papers were in Us possession, It may be some time yet before the child's legal claim npon you or npon your father oan be estab lished. She U the child of my only sister— a younger sister, to whom I was idolatroutly attached. John Lorimer's suit for my hand carried so weight with it until he asotdent ally mentioned the fact of having the Fair bank* of Glenbarnie at neighbors. I meant to have kept Ninette myself until hat olalm npon, her grandfather bad been made so clear tbat he wanld gladly Jure iwrtfatd it; but it has been ordered otherwise. If your first impulse should be to order Oeleste, the child's nurse, to leave you pretense and take the ohlld with her, atop and deliberate twice before you send your brother Slbley's infant daughter adrift hi as aabiandly world. Until I procure the proofs oi what I say, yoa must take my simple assertion. Every word in this latter!* absolutely tne.' CHAPTER IX. Flowers ! flowers everywhere t The aaoft expensive sorts at the most expensive Mason J Bat expense w»s never tekm into aotount in the Nororose establishment. Did Mrs Nor cross desire a thing F And was that thing the very best of its kind? Those wen the only two questions worth the asking or the answering. Friday was Mrs Eugene Nororots's day. Not that every day was npt entirely at her own frivolous disposal, but even butterflits are subject to exhaustion, and it Mr florcross had not set anart one dav out of tha a»«n f oi ' special observances,' the gayest butterfly of fashion that all Bsplanads Street, in the city of New Orleans, could boast, would have suooumbed to the burden of its own popularity. On Friday, therefore, one was sure of finding Mrs Noroross at home, dotted in one ot those marvels of French oostnaes that all her,' set was raving over.' One was also sure of finding the house oonverted into a bower of roses, while from every ooruar of the spacious lower floor, Soring the regula tion hours, floated the mingled aroma of English breakfast tea and feminine gossip. Apparently, no one enjoyed Mrs Noroross's Friday afternoons more thoroughly than she did herself. No ohlld freshly admitted into fairy-land oould have outdone her in jo/ons gayoty, as she flashed from group to group of the tea* drinkers, moving her lithe form with its glistening satin train, and her jewelled arms and handa, with an tSsetive grace not altogether unstudied. All of those who drank her tea were not good-natured towards Eugene Noroross's young wife. Some of them, perhaps, had not yet got over the secret smart of his defection from the ranks of their own possible suitora. Some of them, perhaps, would have preferred his marrying a woman whom somebody knew. Among these was his annt, Mrs Mellioeat Noroross, who con fidentiaUv assured his married sitter, Mrs Delanoy Delany, on the Friday In question, that — ' If Noreross had not brought her dlreot from Paris, one would be tempted to aosiue her of gauoherie.' 'Not gauoherie! Anything but that. For a woman in her first winter here, she is the most absolutely self possessed young thing I ever saw.' ' Well, then, provincialism, if you prefer. I imagine she has seen very little of thU sort of thing. Her enjoyment of it is too undisguised, too absurdly genuine.' ' It is rather patent. She is a pretty creature, though, Melifoent. One - oan ecuoely blame Bugene for beoomuur in fatuated so late in life.' ? She Is exquisite I Ohio from the orown of her blonde hair to the tips of those little twinkling yellow satin suppers. It is her effusive gayety I oondemn. I should prefer moro repose of manner.' ' Her oostume is daring. No woman less sure of her complexion would have ventured so muoh yellow at onoe. She doe* laugh too muoh.' lira Delanoy Delany lowered her long handled eye-glaaeas, and sighed. Mrs Heilioent Noreross towered hers, and smiled : ?After all, why should she not laugh f Life mart be an altogether pleasant thing for her. The adored wife of Eugene Nor. cross, no ohildren, assured position, old family, wealth, beauty, youth, health I ? I envy her, my dear, positively.' ' And— yet— a skeleton i' Mrs Melliocnt shrugged her plump should ers and lowered her voice : ' Tou mean Eugene himself f ' ? As jealous as a Spaniard 1' ? What wonld you have? Perfeotionf I imagine her Friday afternoons are free from his espionage only became he knows that no men ever oome here before gas-light. He ' Doubtless ! It is an nglr serpent in this pretty Eden.' 'She walks too rapidly.. She lacks repose.' Then opportunity for further orlttclcm was Iobc Sirs Noreross was coming towards them, followed by a tray-bearer. Ehe swooned down unon them smlllun- : ?Ton are nelLher eating nor drinking I This is abominable.! ' No : we were gossiping, and about you.' ' About me P Sue olasped two jewelled hands to her pink ears. Tho diamonds that flashed upon them were priceless family gems. ? It is the left one that burns. Tou were saying naughty things about me. ' ' On the contrary. We were saying that Eugene was always a most fortunate man. But— Bennet Is trying to catch your eye. He has a card there. One does sot need sards to-day.' Mrs Noroross turned towards the butler, who was standing behind her extending a card and wearing his most impassive facial expression. She flushed under this im plication of social ignorance, and made no motion towards taking the card : ' I am at home to all my friends to-dav, Bennett.' 'This is not a friend, madam. It is a pe[0uu . ' Then I am not at home to her* ? She insists upon seeing you. She would not go. She has written something on the oard. I have shown her into Itr Noroross's study.' Mia Nonoross lifted the oard from the salver. It was one of the sort Bennet always kept in the drawor of the hall rack for emergencies. There was nothing written on it but a name : 'Nora.' A Blight tremor, as Blight as the waving of a willow wand when a rude wind shakes it i.uddenlj, passed through her frame, leaving her color a shade fainter, and her voico a trifle less resonant in its say dear tones: 1 Presently.' She waved Bennett out of her presenoe vridi that one eoftty-spoken word, and onoe moro gave her exclusive attention to Mr uwmwv o &DU9uvt;», on, Una at iRTOr IvaSi of both of them : ' Would dear Hrs Delany come to her on next Monday and dine en famille P She and Eugene oould not agree npon tht location of the conservatory. They needed an empire. Eogene was positively autocratic' ? A»d -would dew HrtNororow make -one J at the tiKrtm-patiy ah* was getting op lor Irving's Ant night f' , Than, with joyous thanks, and an adieu wavei from the tips of her pearUaUoked ostrioh-feether tan, the turned from them her wayloihe velvet portiere that 'separated lie pMlors. from the tear of the house, ihB disappeared behfod them. ' * ' ' * , J'^njHidetfalJ'^^&fe-; Delany ' cxolsiined, In tones of genaine admiration, as the velvet draperies fell softly together onoe more, .shutting ont the radiant vision. -^ * What?' ~; . ? ?Amelia's self oontrol. The card that Bennett brought her agitated her exoesaively. She had twirted itlntoap«feotoorksoMw before you had made up your mind about the tbeatre-party. The person it not w«l OOIES.* ; 'That, at least, goes to prove that Bugene did not many a provincial.' ' 'I yield that point: Bat one would like to know a little something of Hie aoteoedeola of one's own brother's wile.' If it had been Mrs Delany's privilege to go with herjliter- in-Uw into the presenoe of the person who was patiently waiting in the study, her curiosity might have been amply if not agreeably satisfied on the soore of antecedents. It wat John Unimer'a wife who sat there waiting for the tardy ooming of her sister Amelia, Ninette's mother. As the radiant young dung who had just anooessfnlly tun die gauntlet of several aeon of critical eye* flitted into the dimmer region of l£r Nor. oroaeS* study, Nora stood np ooniused and bewildered. They Hated etch other, mad they «aued eaohotner ?Norrie' and 'Kellle,' bat, even at their embracing arms fell apart, the look of pain and bewilderment deepening on lbi Lortaar's face, ehe recognised that she was looking at her sitter over a yawning abyss. 1 1 don't understand at all, Amelia ! 1 have been trying to find you for a month. When I heatd that you were Mrs Bugene Noroross, I Jtrew more utterly bewildered than ever. What does it mean P Ton oan not— have ? ' 'My letter was explicit enough, heaven mows!' Mrs Nororois interrupted her rudely, laughed nervously, and settled herself on the other end of Nora's tola. Torn letter P ' Tee,— my letter, hi whioh I told you the whole truth. I thought it would be safest. When I sent Ninette to you and told yoa I was going to Europe with that old woman as her paid companion, I told yoa that I oould not take Ninette with me, beoauu it was only on the understanding that I had no ties she would have me. She said ehe wanted no tear-shedding females about h«r. Ton knew all that, before.' « Well. I thought no wsong of it, either.' ' But I did not tell you the whole truth Nora. If that old woman had not been Eugene Noroross's mother, and if he bad not been going over with her, Jl never would have taken the position. It all turned out splendidly. The old lady died in Nice. I had eeen none of her family, but her xon, on this side. I came back Mrs Eugene Nor oroeB. When I wrote you from Paris that I waa going on tiu stage, it was to prevent you from hunting me np, ma ohfire. I knew your horror of stage people. One oannot nope to succeed in life, — eucoeed as I have, — she glanced comprehensively about her, — ' If one dare not flnsue a little, even with one's own sister. At for the child, she was always much fonder of you than she was of me. I wrote you a long letter three weeks ago. I told you in that letter that I did not mean Ninette should be a pecuniary harden to you.' Nora put her hand to her head with a dis traoted gesture : 'I grow more bewildered at every word, Amelia. I never got your letter. I havs hoard from yoa but once since the day Celeste oame to me with your little girl, bringing the letter telling me you were going to Europe as a oompanion. That once was when yoa wrote me you were going on the stage. I cried over that letter, Mellie, and I prayed so hard that yon might be kept pnre and tweet.' jiua jjiu(jwd *i wiutuBB euiixea luQuigenuy : 4 A ruse, Norrie, my dear, but a neoessary one. I knew your abhorranae of the stage, and I knew, or thought I knew, that if you believed me to be on the stage you would shun me as yon would a leper.' ' And yoa wsnted me to ehun you P 'Tes.' A cold, hard lock had oome into the radiant young face. ' I, who have been mother and sister and teacher all la one to yon, MeUieP I, who never wanted you even to try to support yourself at type- writing P 1 Tes.' It came monotonously from the f nil red lips whioh after each utterance Mrs Norcross drew fieroely In under her glistening 'white teeth. 'But why !' ' I told you why in thai letter.' ' But I never got the letter, I toll you.' ' Then I will have to go over the whole hateful chapter onoe more. But not here. This is Mr Noroross's study, and he might some in unexpectedly.' She got up, almost dragging her sister with her. * Why should Mr Nororois not find me here P Nora asked, resentfully. ? I have a right to oome to see my own sister, have I not, Amelia F, Amelia made an irritated motion with her pretty hands : ' I have so muoh to tell you, Nora, and the house is so full of people. Ton must follow me. Some one might interrupt us. ' She dropped her sister's hands, and, sweeping rapidly forward, led tho way, by a rear ptaircase, to the upper floor, never onoe pausing in her graceful sinuous progress until thoy reached a small dressing. room, perfeot in all appointments, through tho open door of whioh she got a glimpse into a bedroom fitted up with still more Oriental splendor. 'Now! We are safe I— quite safe! Eugene never intrudes here. We can talk comfortably.' She pushed Nora into an easy ohair, and, seating herself close beside her, began nervously : ' I am sorry you failed to get that letter. It would have saved you this trip.' 'No. I came to the city independently of any expectation of seeing yon. I had oe lieved you were oc the stage. I had Riven yon up for dead. I placed the ohild where Its proper protectors would be obliged to oare for it, and then— then ? But I did not oome here to talk abont myself. Tell me all that you have kept from me so long, Amelia.' (To be ooutinued.) The Most Valuabm Cloak ra tub Wobld. — Tae most valuable clonk in tbe world is probably that in possession of Lady BrasMy. This mantlo was presented by Queen Bomane, of the Sindwioh Islands, to Uaptain Thomson, of the British Navy, for the protection extended to hor against the French in 1843. The foundation of thu mantle is a network of native hemp, and to it are attached by nne threads of the same material the feathers of birds found only in tne Hawaiian Islands. The upper and lateral borders, whioh are corded with a string of hemp, are deooratod with alternate erescent-Ehapud figures composed of either red or yellow feathers. The cloak is four feet is length and eleven and a half foot in width at the bottom, tapering up to twenty three inches at the top. The great difficulty experienced in procuring tne feathers and the garment oonatitate it* obief claim to value, its yellow feathers are especially valuable, and the bird from whioh they are obtained ik rare and difficult to capture. The market prioe of five of these feathers is about ten shillings ; and by this estimate the value of the whole t^fcing in the amount of labour involved, it about £160,000. 