FICTION. , THE RED-HEADED MAN. Bi Fergus Home. OHAPTER XXI. Donna. Mama, Explains. For onoo lu his life Torry.was dumbfoundod. Ho sat with staring eyes, his mouth open, and his face red, gasping like' a fish out of water. Of all tbe names connected with tbe Grent caso Frederick Leighbourne's was the last ho oxpeotod to hear. " It is impossible," said he, on recovering his speech. . - - . " It is tho truth ; tho managor of tho Hampstead bank told me so. H9 knows Loighbourno, and BAld that Lelghbourne bad no wieh to deoy bis Identity." Torry jumped up and mado for the door, dragging Darrct along with him. M Comoon," said ho, qaiokly ; 41 we must see Loighbourno atohce." v . . - " Do you intend to arrest him ?" " If I see just cause." ' « Ynu'll Ben no causQ -of his showing." retortod barrel, as thoy went downstaire and bailed a cab, " Tho man will lie freely." 41 Naturally, to savo his own neck." " What 1 You don't think that Loighbourno killed Grant." " I don't tblnk anything about It." was Tony's impatient' response. 41 1 am not capable of thinking, as this nows has token mo by surpriso. Oh, what Ignorant fools tho best of us are ! .Well, we shall see if Leigh- bourne, junior, has on explanation lor us." As it turned out, young Frederick had an oxpianauon on tne up ui uia muuo, uuu u very feasible ono.it proved to bo. In placo of shrinking from an inquiry into tho motives of hie conduct he assumed an attitude of outraged virtue, dud courted Torry's questions. By his own explanation there was never so upright dud 'badly treated a gentleman as Frederick Lelghbourne, Esquire.". v 14 You dare to . connect- me with the com mittal of this crime hccausp I ohangod thp notes ?" ho orlcd white with suppressed fury. " What right have you, or either oho of you, to mako so ecaodaloos a statement ?" , "Youohanged tho notes," said -.Torry feebly, wondering- If ho was wrong in sus pecting the man. 44 Yes; elr, I did. I ohangod the notes at tho request of Mr. Grout." H 44 At tho request of Mr. Grent?" repeated Danel, "Why ?'! - "Booauao Gaptaln Mannel, who gave- Gront tho notos, wished it." " That isn't true," cried Torry. " Manuel was oa astonished as I that tne. notes bad been changed." "I don't know about- that," retorted Loighbourno sullenly. "All I know is that a'fortnight before his m.nrder Grent asked me down to Wray-honso and told me tHhfc he. wanted my assistance In.some rather dollcato business. As he was my partner and my father's, of bourse I promised my willingnoss to servo him. Do you blame me ?" 44 No ; quite righi, quite natural. But wlint vna tliA hnnlnAM 91' Mr, Grent explained that when la Fern he had become mixed up with somo native society. Last yoar tbo Government 0! tho Republio tried to break it up and seize tho funds, so tho mombors fled to other countries Willi vud iuouojh ol 1uu puuit)./. uuu Ul uluoo members was Captain Manuel who brought to England' the sum o! £10,000, which ho changed into English bank- notes valued at £500 each. As ho know that Grent sympa thised with tho aims of tho sooiety-— " - "What aro the aims of the" society ?" interrupted Darrol. " Somo patriotic rubbish 0! restoring, Ihoa rule," said Lelghbourne crossly. "But;. at oil ovents, Grent sympathised with this aim, so Manuel asked him to take charge of tbo money, and It was kept down In Wray-house. Thon, according to Grant's story, Manuel oame to hlm.ana said 'he was afraid that tho Peruvian Government might discover the numbers of the noted and render them valueless by explaining to the English Government that they wore forfeited monoys. To prevent this bo asked Grent to ohange tho 'notes for. others of a like value bat different numbers. Grent, being so well known in tho banking world, was unwilling to ohange tho notes personally, so ho asked me to ao so. I agreed, and I did so." 44 Why did you not change 'them at. tbo Bank of England ?" 44 Manuol objected to that being done, on account of the Peruvian Government, so, by Grant's directions, 1 wont round. to several suburban banks, and so explained the matter tbRt J pot alj tbe notei changed without difficulty. Igavo them back to- Grant, who kept them at Wray-houso ; thon on tho Frk day bofore ho intended to start for Italy he brought thom up hero and gave them to Vans to put In tho safo. That Is all I kiiow.' ; V «,4 And quito sufficient," sold Torry wrath- fully. 41 Why did you hot tell us- all this before?'! ' ' 44 For two reasons.- One -was Ibat Grcnt asked mo to .hold m/.. tongue"; tho othor bocauso I was afraid lest you should Accuse' mo of "being concerned in this, murder, as you have done," finished Loighbourno with a scowl.-/; ; . 7'", "Well, well,'' said Torry goodhumorcdly, ,4yotl have defended' yourself very .woll against the implied accusation." " Implied accusation ?" echoed Fredoriok with scorn.-' - - > " My very words,".- rctorlcd Torry drily. 44 1 did riot acouso you of being an accessory tothoorlmoor tho criminal himself. I did notoven oak you if you lmd stolen tho nolos.. I merely , inquired how it camo about that you changed them." . 44 Woll, now you know,'.' said Leighboumo Insolently ; '" and ab I have oxplalned myself, perhaps you aad yottr friend wlii take.your- selves off." . ' Dooming tills rude epeeoh unworthy of reply, Darrel left the room without taking leave of the banker, but Torry halted at tho door to fire a porting shot. .«.Young man," said he, /ragging, on admonitory forefinger at Lelghbourne, 44 pride focs before a fall. Remember that," and oavlng tbo young man to digest thiB unpalat able proverb at his leisure, Torry followed tbe novelist. 41 What are you going, to do?" aBked tbe latter,, when thoy were In the street. ".Visit Captain Manuel, and find out if he really countenanced the cbanging.of the bank notes," replied Torrv ; 44 and you ?". I intend to caU at Wray-house. and seo Miss 8aodoval." , 44 You wish to find out what she knows ?" " Yos. I'll try and persuade her, to toll mo thbtruth." . 44 You'll be a elevcr man if you do that; sir. Well, good-byo and good luck," and Torry turned away. . ".I say 1" ho "called . out. . ; ,4 Yost". said Darrol, with ; his 'foot on the . tep of 0 hansom. . 'Tho dotcctive retraced his steps and spoxe in. a low tone. "I'am'convinccd of- ono thine." he said'hastilv. . 41 Grent had ' those- notes changed so that be could bolt wi th them. I don't believe Manuel asked him to change them;" ' ' / . . " Loighbourno said ho did." . v ' 44 Yes, bocauso Grent told him to say. so. That good -innn deceived both . Manuel and Leigbboarno. Ho . bad Ntbe notes on him when he .was murdered." : 440h," sighed Darrel. with; a groan, '44 bow you do hold to that theory.'.' 44 Because it Is a truo one," eaid Torry ehatnly, 44 and sooner or later I am sure we shall bo able to prove It. Good-bye.". ' - Frank shrugged his shoulders and drove off' to Waterloo station, where in half an hour he. took, a fast train to Wraybridgo. . Ho bad not much faith in Torry's theory, as; with his trained sense of logical argument, bo oould not seo how Grent, in tho face of Vaas's assertion, oould hayo become possessed of the money. Ho tried to think about the matter, but lovo, as usuair intorfercd with business, ana wnon no rccouooiea mat no wouia soon seo Donna Maria he surrendered himsolf to deliolous fanoles about the coming interview. She— Frank had got tho length of oalltng Donna Maria 44 she " — she would be cold, ebe would be amiable, she would smile, she would frown, sbe wouldAo a hundred and one con tradiotory things not likely to ocour. Truly, Frahk'Darrel was a very foolish young gentle man to indolgo in so confused a reverie. But he was only 25, and he was in lovo— two ox ouses .tbat cover the follies of the majority of mortals. \ . ' Shown Into tho presence of hiB goddess, the worshipper grew red and confused, rather to the surprise of Donna Maria, as sbe had no notion of fho disturbed state of bis heart. To pat him at his caso, aho' sought to induce speech .by asking him what he wished to.soe bor about. Then Frank became more con fused than over, for ha did not-vory woll know bow to begin. Howover, as a beginning bad to bo mado, ho spoko to tho point and in a brusque way by reason of his modesty. 44 1 have come to toil you how the oase is getting on;" he said hurriedly. 44 That is very kind of you," said Donna' Maria, half smiling at his humor, although sha scoretly wondered what oould be tnb oause of -it. 44 Has anything been discovered - about ray'poor unole's murder?" 44 Not so much that- as about the bank- notes." 44 The bank-notes?" Donna Maria turned polo and spoke nervously. ' " Yos, tno £10,Q0Q wnioh was stolen from tbe safe. Tho monoy.;has been returned to Oaptaln Manuol.V ' . ' Donna Merift rose suddbrily/ 44 It can4t be I" she orled, making a step towards tbe astonisbod Frank. "I tell you itoan'tbel" uu) ik is, uuno , uuuul/vui. . Manuol has' the money now in his possos- sion." ./. "Then the assassin .of my undo has been- arrested?": 44 No, I am sorry to say ho has — - — :»44 Not arrested ?" cried Donna Maria, her color rising and her oyes sparkling, 44 and the money returned ?" '/ \- 44 The money was returned by an unknown man," said Frank, 44 arid he went away after delivering the . parcel of notes nt Captain Manubl'enotol." \ xuen way woe tne assassin-. /He tooktbe money-from my unole's dend. body. . . In foot, I bellovo ho .killed -Mr. Grent iu order to rob blm." , ... "But bow can .that ho ?" orled Darrel, muoh porplexed.- 44 Mr." Grant left the money In hie private safe, and did not oomo book to got It. How could hehave beeu iii possession of the money on that night?" : ' V Maria passed her bnna across her forehead and sighed. "True I True 1 What rtra I to do? Oh" — she wrung her banda-44 if I could only speak ?" " 44 You must speak," said Frank, seizing his opportunity; 44 or. else condemn an innocent man;"' . ? 41 An innocent man ? Who?!' s. "Mr. Frederick Lelghbourne. We have' found out that he changed some of Uie notes/ eo It Is just possible' that ho may be oooused' of tho robbery'.' 44 No. co." cried Mnrtn. mnnb ikrihifad it i» cannot bo, Mr. Lelghbourne did not take that: mopey out of. the safe. I can provo it." " Then do so and save him from possible arrest, " Tb'e girl looked wildly round the room, then' gue.inu iv VM» niuuuw, biiruilg obck 10 open the .door and oloso It again ; finally she paused before Frankondsoizcdhishand. The touch thrilled him. 44 Mr. Darrol, 'i sho said hurriedly, 44 you are. a gentleman and I trust you. I havo kept silent out of fear of tho Secret Society, and I shall do so no longer, Mr. Loighbourno did not take the mqnoy.oat of tbo safe, but I can tell you who did.14 44 Oaptaln Manuel?" asked Darrel, with a start. 44 No," she said slowly, 44 Maria Sandoval ".You I You!" I — I took tho money and gavo it to Mr. Grant." , - OHAPTER XXH. The Locket. Tho information wqs so unexpected and terrible that .Frank felt the blood lenvo his ebeoks. Palo, as a ghost, he roso from his obair, and looked nt Donna Maria with dilated eyes. From her confession ho fauoled that she must be implicated in the dcnblo orirao ; and a fooling of terror soizod him at tbo idea of tho woman ho loved haying brought her self within reach of the law. Donna Maria | sawhls expression, and with tho swift instiaot lot bor., sex guessed hie thoughts. With a I haughty guasturo she' flung back her head, I m w cjr«l sparkled like stars on a frosty night as she spoke to bim. ' .' "'"Oh, don't think- 1 have done anything .wrong," she cried defiantly. What I did was at tho request ot my .uncle. Sit down, Mr. Darrel, and I'll tell you the story in detail." She pointed to his choir with a regal gesture, -.and when he resumed his seat faced him rwitira .wonderfully composed look. She -began her confession— as, it may be called— tamely enough ; but as tho story becamo. .more dramatic she warmed to her' work, and finished with all tho fire and faryand gesticulation bfher Southern nature.'. Irank, OTmpathising with her qulok spirit, was en- thralled by her beauty, moved by bor eloquence and felt that here was a woman to dio for. . 44 When my unelo took leave of us here tp go. to Italy," eho said, 44 ho called me Into bis study, and after "asking me not to reveal what he was. about to; tell. mo, made a con fession. Thnl I riavefil it now in tn'tinvn nn innocent man from arrest!" : '4I Truo enough, Miss Sandoval. 'But the confession?" ' , 44 Was that when in Lima 10 years ago— at whioh time ho married my aunt— ho had bocorae entangled with a certain association called—"/' 44,Tho Peruvian Patriots," interrupted Frank, " I know all about that soclotyand Its green mummies, ; Go on,.please.M 44 Well, Mr. Grent was bound In somo way —I don't know how— to assist this society, under penalty 'of death. : Ho married, and oamo to England, .and thought he would bear no more about the matter. But this year, Oaptaln Manuel; with that £10,000 which be longed to tho Peruvian Patriots, came to Lon don and called to seo my'unolo. In his hands, aftor reminding him of bis connection- with tho society — Manuel placed tho money, and told him to look after it. Myuncledid .so, ondkoptit In this house. A week before his murder he found- on his table a Green Image." "Ah J A Green Mommy— tbo sign of death." Preolsoly ; and withlt a letter stating that the money was to be paid over to a member of tbe . eoolety, oolled Oenta, a man whom my unolo bad never seen. Failing this the letter do olared, Mr. Grent would be killed, Now." ooqttouoQ Maria, "my unolo v&a; so Urrlfic at' tho thdught Of - being scoretly assassinatod . — for he know tho powor and' rooklessncss of tho society— that he resolvod - to oboy this letter;" v How did ho know that the-lettcr was authontio?1' "By the Green Imago. Only members .of tbo . Peruvian Patriots possess theso tomb ironges, and tbey are not obtainablo in Eng land, or, for the . matter of that, In Peru oithor." 44 H'm 1 . 1 suppose he was right to boliave in tho letter?- Well, so. ho resolved to oboy it, and hand tho monoy over to this mysterious Oonta?" . " Yes, but he wished to do so wltbpnt letting Manuel know,, as ho was afraid' lost Manuel, enraged at tho want of faith shown to him by tbo society, might t&ko; tho law into his own hands aoa assassinate him." . Darrel could not hcip'lnugbing. 44 My dear lady," said ho, "I am afmld'Mr. Grent must have been, ft very oredulous man. Tholawv does not countenance wholesale murder , in this country, whatever it may do in Peru." . /." But you forget," . cried Donna Maria, angrily. - 44 My uncle's foreboding camo truo. Ho was murdered by the society, as the token of tho Green .Mummy .left beside him proves, but whether, by Manuel or Gontft I .cannot aay.,''://' -.' ..-;- ' 44 Why," said Frank t hough tiuUy,- " thero is something in that, but wo'll discuss tbo point later. .Please continue."- ' - 44 Well; Mr, Darrel, my uncle determined to tako.the money up to the bank.ln Fleet-street and put it in his private safe. Then ho in tended to write a loiter to' Manuel asking him. to coll at his rooms 1n . Duke-street, on Saturday afternoon. He designed to tol Manuel that tbe money was In the bank, and that if be wanted to see it there ho'eould ask Mr. VaRB'-to. sbow it to him.'- In tho mean-, 'time I was to go to tho bank on the Saturday morning, on the pretence of getting the'tiokets for the journey— which boa been purposely, loft-behind— and get tho moneiy." 44 But how woro you to open tbe safe?"-. "Why,: Mr. Grent gave me bis private, 'key." .. ' v ' 44 Oh, -I' understand, but,", added' Barrel,. " ifyou were ' to toko away the' monoy, and Oaptniri' Manuol was to bo told in 'tho after noon that ho could.Boo.lt in the safe, the whole thing wonld conio outi as the money would not bo there for him'to see.". "Not at all'. You forget that it was Baturi. day, and Oaptaln Manuel could not look into, the safe before Monday, morning,. Now, my unolo intended to give the money to Oenta on Saturday night, ond thon go off to Italy ;' so, you see; thoro was absolatoly.no dangor." "A very pretty plot," ; said Darrel drily. ' So you agreed1) Bssist in it ?" Donna. Maria flushed red, and responded haughtily, 44 1 am from. Lima, and I know how. terriblo is the vengoanco of tho. Peruvian Patriots when they are, betrayed. I assisted my unolo to 6ave his lifo." 44 So it all fell out as planned ?" ' . 44 Yes. Mr. Grent took tho -money up. on Friday and.plnced it in tbo safe, with Mr. Vaos as a witness. . Then he went to his rooms and telegraphed to roo to do my part. I went np.'on, Saturday morning on the pre tence of getting tho tickets, -and saw Mr. Vnas in zny uncle's private room. -To get rid of Him 1 asked him for a glass, of water. ; He left the room, -and I at once opened the safe with Mr. Yaae returned .with the water the safe was locked again, and I had tbo notes in my pocket. In the afternoon I . went to Mr. Grant's rooms and gave him the money ; then I said good-bye and came away. ; My uncle told me thnt ho had seen Oaptaln Manuel." . Yes.I know Slbnuel called; Mock said so; and I suppoeo Grent told him to look into tho safc on-Monday. As a matter. of fact he did. not do so until Tuesday or Wednesday,, and then Yaos disco.vbred tho Iqm. But toll me, how did Mr. Grent hope to pacify Manuel.?" "By, absence., Ho intended to write -from i Italy, and, tell him that ho' had given tbe money to Centa; and, as ho proposed to re main abroad for some time, ho thought that Manuol's anger would abato, and he would not wish to harm him when he returned."... 44 1 see," said Frank thoughtfully. "I must say that Mr. Grant provided for: own safety remarkably well." . 44 And all involn, poor man," sighod Maria, 44 since ho was killed by tho society." . 14 1 don't believo he was," eaid Darrel bluntly. . .. 44 But the Green Image ? " -.4,.What about. tho. returned money, Miss Sandoval? . Why should the soolcty instruct oianuei--. or fenta to rnu urent ana , roo nis body, -then give back the < money to itself? That's robbing Fetor to pay Paul with a ven geance.'; . 44 So it is. I can't understand it at all." " Then, again,"- said Frank, warming, Vdid yon' hot- take two tickets from the. bank ? " I don't know. " Mr.' Grent mentioned only one ticket, and it was in an envelope. But now you mention it, Mr. Darrel; the envelope was rather bulky ; there might have been two tiakets." "There were ; -one for Mr.-Grent, tho other for Miss Hargono." She- bad '.arranged to elope with Grout— at least she fooled him into believing so; but . Instead of going she sent Julia Brawn, disguised in that fawn-colored mantle. Then Grent was killed," \ "By whom ?". asked Maria, much agi tated.-. - . v . .. ' 44 1, can't say. Perhaps that Oenta you speak of got wind that Grent was boltlngwlth the monoy to Italy, and followod to kill him. But who can tell ? It is all a mystery." II T J.-li -l-l. 1. I. ill -1 . it. 3 3 > X UUU I nlDU |U uMvi.) Ui . vi Uiu ueuu, said Maria with a sign,- 44 but it eeems to me that my unole was aoting very badly. That he should deceivo my poor- aunt, who loved him so dearly I " And a tear trickled down, herfaoe. . . \- Darrel said nothing, but ho was quite satis fied thathe knew tbe extent of Grant's vlllany. He had- stolen the. ten thousand pounds. in such a way ab to throw the blame on Yoas, and he had intended to fly to South America, with Lydia H argons, deserting bis wife for a woman who had deceived him at the last.' But Providence, which rules All things, had thwarted his evil plane, and Instead of getting away with.the fruits of bis iniquity he had met with - a cruel death at the hands of an unknown- man. . As be . bad sown, so had ho reaped. . "/ ".Let .mo abk'you ono thing," said Darrel, as he took his leavo ; why did'you not tell us this before ? " 4<Becausp, in tho first place, I promised roy unole to' keep silent; and In tbo sbcond, ho told mo that if I spoke tho society— since ho hoped to osoane It— might kill my aunt. It was. for her sake that I kept silent.' II I.. 1!„_ II. _ I li lt. 1 T» 1 i. rm , \- OJIOO, HUB, ilea i luuugu i/mrei, ucai a liar Grent. was." . . . Whgnho .got 'back'totownhe saw Torry and told him the-wholo story, whereat the dotectivo was much pleased. 14 Didn't I say. that Grent etolo tho money," eaid ho, slapplog his thigh. 44 What a plot to get it, tho cunning old fax ! I'm almost loth to catoh and hang the maq who killed him.'( 44 Tho hare runs yot on the mountains," . said Darrel, drily, and took his leave, of the jubilant dotectivo to go borne and dream of Mario. The interview with her bad leit him more in love thAn ever. . Next morning he was hardly awake when Torry, wildly exoltod, burst into hie bedroom and exoouted a kind of war dance. 44 I've found the tramp who robbed the dead body of Julia Brawn," ho cried, and be gavo up this logket, whloh he took from her. neck. Seo, see I It is of gold with letters. 4 G. V., and 4 J. B.' That is tho lover to the lass." 44 The lover of Julia Brawn ? " said Darrel jumping out of bed. 44 Yea, yes; tbo man who was with her on that night. -The raoq who killed Grant." t But bis naiuo— bis name ? " 41 Look at the .initials. G. Y.— Gustavaa Vaas. Hp is the mnrderar I !' (to llb continued.) - 