GOD'S MEASURE. (By the Rev. J. T. Forbes, M.A., Edin burgh.) "Who hath measu:ed the waters in the hollow of His hand; and meted out heaven with the span, and comprehended the dust of the earth in a measure, and weighed the mountains in scales, and the hills in a balance?"-Isaiah, 40, 12. "Thou feedest them with the bread of tears; and givest them tears to drink in a measure."-Psalm, 80, 5. 'Man's tears and earth's dust are both measured by God. He puts them both into "a measure." What impresses men to-day is the vast ness of the universe; the earth is little, but the universe is great. MIen are over awed by the extent in space and the duration in time of the world. A man is a speck in the infnities; his life a ripple in the sea of time. And the world is so vast and so much with men that THEY CAN HARDLY SE. GOD. What impressed the Hebrew was the greatness of the world's Maker. .ie did not abase himselr before the mountains, but before their Maker.. Ocean was vast, but the hollow of God's palm held it; hea ven was high, but the fingers of God's hand spanned it; the mountains He set in scales and the hills in a balance; and the dust, the innumerous dust of earth, He comprehended in a tierce. It was the assurance that this gre. tness was on their side that made Isaiah's mes sage of hope and comfort to his people. This power was for them. God weighed mountains, and carried the lambs in His bosom. He sat lpon, the circle of the. earth, and He gave power to the faint. And the Psalmist felt the sarme truth. His whole hope was in the God who gave His people tears to drink out of a measure. Their lives were in His keeping: "Turn us again," he prayed, "and cause Thy face to shine, and we shall be saved." THE GRAINS OF DUST AR- MEA SURED BY GOD and the tears of man. He comprehends them in a measure, distributes them with a measure. The dust is th: foundation and home of precious things and qualities. Rus kin shows how from the slime of the pathway, the brick-dust and soot, and sand and water, things new and strange are formed in the laboratory of nature. Out of the clay-purified, whitened, con gealed by fire-is fashioned the finest porclain fit for queens. -Or, if it be left in perfect rest. with law, and time for law to work, its like elements will come by strange secret affinities together, atom to atom; it will clarify and harden; it will set in fair forms, and, absorbing every other element of the sun's light, will re flect only the blue of heaven. From clay to saphires, from sand to opals, from soot to diamonds-nothing But doth suffer a "land" ch ange Into something new and strange. The fine lava dust becomes the rich val ley soil, it passes into the nutriment and sap of grain and vines: it waves in heavy ears that bend before the autumn w:nd; it lives in the oak trunk and the grape bunch. The earth hath dust of gold, ind God comprehends it in a measure. He has counted the sea sands and weighed the mountain masses. His eye seeth every precious thing. TEARS ARE PRECIOUS. They are almost as common as dust. The world is full of weepers. And each life has its share appointed for it. It is not a chance thing-the diet of tears. God gives men tears to drink in a measure meted out, considered, appointed. There is an order in the seeming chaos, a meth od in the passion of the world. This is what is often not clear. The tears of the world's trouble seem made to fall as the dust whirls at the wind's will, blinding the eyes and hiding the fair face of things from us. The moral ap pointments of life seem as mysterious, more, than the natural. But close looking often sheds some light on both. It used to be brought up as an objection to the argument to final causes, that the world had in it vast deserts, fields of ice, hot and humid climes. In the Middle Ages men had no admiration for the wild scenery of the hills. Mountains were to them the haunts of gloom. And the forces of nature, that bore often de struction in their track, like eruptions, lightning, and tempests, seemed enemies of man. -ow men are learning a little of THE HARMONY AND INTERDEPEN DENCE OF GOD'S WORLD. Interfere with one mountain range, and you break the steadfastness of the rain fall and destroy human lives. In the old upheavals that lifted up the lava from the bottom of the sea, or through the fis sures in the rocks that stand up here and there near our most fertile corn lands, there was destruction; but the fine dust was covering the earth with fertility, and where desolation lay, golden plenty smiles. So there are moral wastes in life to be fertilised by tears. And if by making men weep God can teach them to love, He will give tears to drink in a measure.You cannot see why there is brine in the cup God sends you from His table. But in that bit of mind-soil given to be tilled for Him GOD'S TILLED LAND there are spots that have not yet yielded, thin soil, where the rocks crop out, foot paths where the hurrying thoughts crowd one another away; and out of that field of yours there must come, by sun and shower, by dust and wind, by toil and sweat, by dew of tears if need be, a har vest for God. Sadness is not blind, dumb, useless. Men learn in it. They grow in it. They be come tender in it. And-the eyes that cannot see outer things clearly through the mist of grief, grow used to the dim ness and behold in it the face of, Jesus Christ. Who cares for the dust? Blown about the pendent world, trodden under foot, whirling in unregarded clouds along the highway, crushed by the wheel, torn and harrowed in the field? God, God hath comprehended it all in a measure-made some of it into mountains and some into crystals, built it into the granite or the Jewel. WHO NOTES THE MIYRIAD OF TEARS that drop from human eyes? fen know and mark a great sorrow. When an amiable prince dies there is national grief; when a great leader falls there is foreboding and sorrow; but what of the unknown tears from the thousands of heavy eyes in homes where illness and loss have been? What of the tears shed in secret over personal disappointments and failures and sins? What are those that quietly flow over the troubles and an noyances of the day? What of the weep ing of the widow and the orphan? Thou givest them tears to drink in a measure." God apportions human grief, God notices human grief. With tears GOD WORKS MARVELS. greater than the- transforming of dust into jewels. He fashions character by their means. So much grief seems use less to us. But if God sends it and mea sures it, its use is secured. Leaves and blossoms, fruit and flowers, are made from the dust by the divine chemistry, and hope and faith are wrought from our pains and losses that cut deep into the life. "Patience worketh experience, and experience hope, and hope maketh not ashamed, because the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost given unto us." Every day. of your wandering, every shelter-spot bn the road, every step when the tired feet could hardly go, is known and planned by God, and has its part in THE FINAL OUTCOME OF LIFE. And from them shall at last be wrought the manhood, the fulness of. soul whose completion will be marked by the remov al of all tears. God sends them. God serves them out in measure, and at last, when their work on men and women is done; He wipes them away. "And God Himself shall wipe all tears from their eyes." "The earth hath dust of gold."' Dust is precious. Tears are precious. Christ took our human dust upon Him, and wept our tears. He took dust into union with Spirit, with Himself. "God made man of the dust of the earth." "He remembereth that we are dust." And "He was made in all things like unto His brethren." "He took hold on the seed of Abraham." What capacities in dust to be made in union with God!He has com prehended the dust of the earth, the dust man is made of, in a measure-taken it into the complex personality of the Son of God, stamped it with His immortality and the seal of eternal life. "And He is the Saviour of the body." All science is A LESSON IN TRANSFORMATION OF MATERIAL. From the rock that lies cold, immobile in its mountain bed, to the feather-dust of the insect's wing that glistens in the light of a summer afternoon, nothing is truly and absolutely still. All is a current, a flux. From the chemical affinities of the mineral kingdom to the plant selections, from plant to animal, all the world rises, and Christ's work shows the Spirit sav ing, ruling, transmuting, using all to the higher ends of the soul and God's King dom. Ascetism condemns and ex cludes. Christ harmonises and compre hends. From soul through matter to soul, again, the world moves, but to soul triumphant, melodious, inclusive, and supreme. "Thou givest them tears to drink in a measure." He gave them to Christ to drink. "Jesus wept." "He prayed with strong crying and tears." This was a real incarnation. NOT AN IMPASSIBLE GOD. an intangible, ineffable Divinity appear ing in human form, and retreating in every trouble into the untroubled depths Within Him,but One that might be touch ed. Goethe, in "Wilhelm Meister," calls Christianity the "Worship of Sorrow." It is the sanctification of sorrow, the using of it to the end of life, the forcing it to yield its fruit of spiritual result. Men press the grapes of pain to drink the wine of life. Jesus trod the wine-press, and trod it alone, that all mourners might call Him friend for ever more. The Stoic and the Christian fashion of comfort are two very different things. There is a supposed possibility of finding repose of soul by a keen sense of one's absolute insignificance, and this is the Stoic way~: "There's consolation. The universe is infinite. In the lre sence of 'its celestial magnitu des, who is there who is really great or small, and what is the difference be tween you and me. my work and youms?" ("Mark I:utherford's Deliverance," p. 192). This is ANNIITII.ATING LIFE. NOT SAVING IT: it is losing. not comprehending, the single life. Jesus says the infinitude of God is full of an infinite variety: it counts the hair of one's head, it notes the sparrow that falleth to the ground. Peace, repose will not abide with men by their being told that they are nothing and nobodies. Christ's way is different. You may be lost, vile, hopeless, but yet you are a lost sheep from God's fold, a lost coin from His treasury, a lost son from His home. if man is nothing, why make a fuss about either his loss or his salvation? od thinks him worth saving, Christ thinks him worth saving, and this makes loss more awful, and salvation more glor ious. YOURI WORK. PLEASURE, HOPES, GRIEFS, joys, tears, are known to God, of interest to God. He is mighty, and despiseth not any. He comprehends the Just of the earth in a measure, and the tears of man. You think sometimes that you have more than your share of trouble. Others are placid, unmoved, happy. You awing from change to change, and never con tinue in one stay. You seem to have sorrow uron sorrow. But the limit is rigidly fixed. Not one more tear will ever fall from between your eyelids than God meant. He gives them in a measure. He will not permit you to be overborne, overwhelmed. He will not suffer you to be tempted above that ye are able to bear-as E. B. Browning says in "TITHE MEASURE." God, the Creator, with a pulseless hand Of unoriginated power, bath weighed The dust of earth and tears of men in one Measure and by one weight; So saith His holy Book. Shall we, then, who have issued from the dust And there return, shall we who toil for dust And wrap our winnings in this "dusty life," Say, "No more tears, Lord God! The measure runneth o'er?" O, lgHlder of the Balance, laughest Thou? Nay, Lord! be gentler to our foolishness: For His sake who assumed our dust, and turns On Thee pathetic eyes Still moistened with our tears. And teach us, 0 our Father, while we weep, To look in patience on earth and learn Waiting in that meek gesture. till at last. These tearful eyes be filled With the dry dust of death. AFTER EVERY RAINFALL, CLEAR SHINING awaits the Christian; after the night of weeping, the morning of jy. There is hope in tears-hope in the tears let fall for sin. If God has made you weep for your own past and present and looked-for future, He will yet, if you regard, put a new song in your mouth. Tears are the dew of hope. When God's bow is in the cloud, there is not one, but myriads, for it is in every- raindrop. "Blessed are ye that mourn." "Mercy rejoiceth against judgment." There is for each life mercy, if you will seek it. "Clouds and dark ness" may be round your earthly path, as they are around God's throne, but cleave unto Jesus Christ with full purpose of heart, and the sunlight will stream forth again above your heads, and there will come to the landscape of your life a pure and heavenly ,eauty. And "on the earth" of God's husbandry the lowers w!Ill appear, and the time of the singing of birds be come." W'hile tilhe r:lpid and remlarkable tde velopmlent of the ]r'itishl Navy durixng the past ten years has been much com "mented upon. the equlally rapid and equlally remarka:lble development of foreign nslvies lhls been to a grea:lt ex tent overlooked by these writers. Be tween 1S79 and 1tSSS Great Britain launcllhed 1(0.700 ions of battleships: between 159 -and 1SOS no less than :63,.300 tons, thus more thaln doubling her ouitpult. But the six other great naval 'Powers mlaintained this same ratio, and raised the tonnage lunnched from 2t2,900 tdns in the former decen nlal pieriod to 5378,500 tons in thie latter period. Thle British per'centage of tihe total tonnage :lunched by the seven Powers (including Great Britain) was thirty-eight in the first a:nd thirty-eight and a half in the second period. • That is to say, it remnins virtually the samie. Only becnise others are building more we have had to build mnlore.-"Nine teenth Century." 