CRICKET CHATTER. By FELIX. 'WISDENV | The yellow book is with us once again, i and a perusal of its 500 pages makes mani fest that it maintains its position as the ! premier cricket guide of the world. It 'reflects credit on Australia that Albert J Trott get a place in the special photos, of I "five great players of the season." "Wis den" refers to Albert as follows:—f/lt was during the tour in Australia of Mr. Stod dart's first team during the winter of 1894 ,95 that Albert Trott's name first became familiar to cricketers in this country. His success against the English players in tliaf; memorable trip was nothing less than as-' itonishing. In the eleven-aside matcuesj? I with four not-outs to help him, he scowSEj 1331 runs, with an average of 66, and as .S j bowler he came out fourth, taking wickets, with an average of 24. In bowl-"1 ing he enjoyed only one conspicuous triumph, obtaining eight wickets in the second innings of the Englishmen in the test match at Adelaide, and contributing in a very marked degree to an overwhelm ing; victory for the Australians by 382 runs. As a batsman, however, he was consistently successful. In the match at Adelaide he scored 38 and 73, both times not out, and in other games—two for All Australia and two for Victoria—bis scores included 86 (not out), 46, and 44. After the brilliant form he had shown his inclusion in the team for England in 1896 was regarded in this country as certain, but for some rea son Which lias never been properly ex plained his claims were overlooked, in the1 light of what he has since done, there is something comical in the idea of his being j passed over in favour of Graham, Eady, or even Donnan. Disappointed of a place in the Australian team, he came over to Eng land in 1896, with the idea of qualifying for Middlesex^ and was at once attached to the ground staff at Lord's. In half-a dozen matches or so for the leading club he did' fairly well, scoring 246 arid taking 26 wickets. His doings, however, in 1896 gave only a mild suggestion of his true powers. In 1897 he bowled superbly for the M.C.C., taking 48 wickets in first-class matches, with an average of 14, and meet ing witn extraordinary success, especially at Lord's, in matches of smaller import ance. In the month of August everybody at Lord's was talking about his bowling, and the most sanguine hopes were enter tained as to what he would do for Middle sex when in 1898 he became qualified by residence for the county. As everyone knows, expectation was for once more than fulfilled, Trotfs bowling, in conjunction with that of J. T. Hearne, being chiefly in strumental in gaining for Middlesex second place amongst the counties. His first ap pearance in county cricket was delayed for some time by a painful injury to his hand, sustained at Cambridge—though not in actual play—during the progress of a tch between the University and tl match between the University and the M.C.Q., and when he was at last able to assist Middlesex he could not do himself justice. Gradually, however, he regained the full use of his bowling hand, and thenceforward he }«et with nothing but sucfcees." As a bowler, Albert Trott is a true Aus tralian, commanding as he does every variety of pace ana device. Though his' action is not at all' like George Palmer's, 7 r*—5TT—■. *-r; he reminds oneoLthafgreat boiler in the skill with which he. will rave A .batsman several entirely different balls in the course of an over. He says that in bowling: his "curly" ball he owes much to the' practice he obtained as a pitcher at baseball. As a pitcher is allowed to throw as hard as he can at 16. yards, it rays a good, deal fox Trott that, despite his experience of base* ball, his bowling action should be uniin* peachably hair. Born on January 6, 1873, he is just now in the very prime of. hia cricket, and as he seems to have definitely thrown in his Lot with Middlesex, he is likely to play a very important part on our cricket grounds for a good many sea sons to come. Of Wilfred Rhodes; the Yorkshire bowler, very favourable mention is made. "Quite unknown at the beginning of May outside the limits of local cricket in Yorkshire, he sprang at once into fame, bowling in match after match with astounding success. Ilia sudden rise to the front recalled the doings of Mr. A. G. Steel in. 1878, there being a, close parallel between the performances of the two bowlers. He bowls with a high, easy action,- his pitch is wonderfully ac curate, and whenever the ground gives him assistance he can get a lot of spin on the balL His value as a cricketer is by no meanr restricted to. his bowling, as he has already proved himself a dangerous run getter. Only 21 years old, and with a posi tion already established, it will he disap pointing indeed if he does not enjoy a - brilliant career in the Yorkshire eleven/'' Several interesting contributions respect ing high scoring and the law of leg- before wicket are set forth in "Wisden," ana in addition to readable sketches the statistical information is as full as the most ardent lover of the game could de sire. RICHMOND DEFEAT SOUTH MELBOURNE. A decided feather in the Richmond cap is the victory over South Melbourne. Dur ing the day Sam Morris was in the South Melbourne pavilion, expecting every mo ment a telephone message asking him to go to Richmond, but the Southern captain, Giller, did not consider it right to ask Sam to bat, seeing that he had already batted for the second of South against the second of Richmond. So Sam remained at South Melbourne. It will be remembered that in reply to the Richmond set of 239, the South had lost seven wickets for 259, Giller not out 141. The latter added 5 to his finely obtained score of the preceding Saturday, and then Wade held him off Kelly. The innings terminated for 275. Easthaugh got four wickets for 56, Kelly two for 43, Wade one for 52, Parsons one for 20. In their second innings Richmond "declared" with 97 up for five wickets. Kelly put ■the wood on for 29, and other doubles were Wade 14;- .Green 14, Sholl 16 not out. Through move by Dick Kelly, the cjoi^Lh had vto b^t again, and the result was no^Uul.v a Complete surprise, but furnished theOpokers-oh' with the most interesting and canting fibisK. that has been seen on old todand wganany a day. With 43 Jer three wjekqts, it seemed all right nan South, but/ Shel 1 and Parsons played' sui^te'muTB^JavOgAvith the remaining men that 'ftfll.'WeRe" for 59, and Richmond won in granlFstyle by 2 runs. There were only two doubles on the Southern side, Ingleton 22 and Sutherland 15. Sholl took four wickets for 11 and Parsons four for 9. Sholl took the last two wickets for nought. It is hardly necessary to state that the Richmond fellows and their supporters were hugely pleased at the result. ST. KIT-DA V. FITZROY. When T met Jack Worrall up at Carlton he said that the Saints and Fitzroy would probably play by about half-past 3 or 4 o'clock. They did. Fitzroy made all the runs they could by forcing, and when they had added 53 to their record of 124 for five wickets, they "declared" with seven, down for 177. Webb played well for 32, and Twenty man deserves favourable men tion for his 25 not out. Sharpe totted up 14 not out briskly. Robertson cap tured three wickets for 65, Fitzgerald one for- 48, Marshall one for 42. The excite-. ment began when the Saints opened, and lost Gillie Wilson right away. Bob MitchelL said, "I would like, ta get Wilspn first ball," and sure enough he aid. Wil son let out to make a leg-nit, the ball went. in the air behind the wicket,, and-Webb, running round from the slips, made an easy catch. Freame and Russ succumbed inst.auter, and three were down for nought. Fitzroy were jubilant, for there was about an hour and a half left for play, and seven wickets to fall on a pitch that was cer tainlv not improving. Four were down for 9. and five for 20 odd, and then came a imich-rieeded stand" between Pcryman and Robertson. The former was missed by Boaeliam at 10, and by F. Tarrant in. the twenties, and these mistakes proved fatal to Fitzroy kopes. Peryinan was caught and bowled by Mitchell for a capi tal 36, and Robertson stonewalled for II not out. They called the "Digger" "Saw dust," but he didn't mind. He evidently wanted all the sawdust he could get, ,&na;~ hie stand with Peryman saved the feamts. The record at call of time was 56 for six wickets. Bob Mitchell was in rare fettle, and' took four for 19. Tarrant secured one for 20. The Saints won by <1 runs on the first innings. MELBOURNE V. CARLTON. There was no play in this match on Saturdav. The umpires, Messrs. Barrass and Foo'te, inspected the pitch shortly after 2 o'clock, and finding pools of water upon the northern end, they,' without/ any lon& deliberation, decided that no play could take place." As they were leaving the ground I met them, and. they went back, with me to have another look at the pitch. We were joined by the two captains, Messrs. Ross and Worrall, and it was rather amus ing to see the- latter daintily picking his way to avoid landing in a water pool. The skippers endorsed the opinion of the um pires, who were informed that after the re turn of the Victorian team from Sydney the match would be continued on a date of which the. umpires will be duly ap prised. riAWKSRURN V. NORTH MELBOURNE. Having found no play at Carlton, we sought fresh woods aiid pastures new by padding the hoof along the Sydney road in the -direction of North Melbourne, We had spot down as ffer as tike beautiful grounds and colleges roundsabout the Uni versity when we spotted, two well-known North Melbourne supporters, Tom. Laun ders and Billy M'Lean, making then- way towards the Carlton ground* We agoer-1 tained from them that as Hawksburn. were/ hopelessly i ttlhe near (204 to 329 ten tihtea*' wickets), they were not eager to fieul' dtt Hie saturated turf, an&vM-; North Mcu bouren batsmen u'oreif^jai^S' jnclihed: to flomider in to pass that- there was - jday in/ this con irfcli win by seven" __ UK^JgRSETr V. i Though?- the- two- te&tehetr;— w> above ma not proceed* Mte JidinmhH^ieo** Burned, with 63 for one wicket, against University, and finished their second in nings for a total of 223. Carter carried his 39 (not out) to 76 by excellent cricket. He hit five 4's and a good fiver between 1 square-leg and long-on off O'Hara. Laver played an admirable game for 63, on a bowler's wicket. He hit six 4's, gave not the ghost of a chance, and watched the ball splendidly throughout. A special feature of his display was his pulling, but all round the wicket he was seen to ad vantage. He was at the wickets for an hour and a half. Clarke's 24 was a de serving contribution. He hit a rattling fourer to square leg, one of the old sort. J. Godb.v shaped very well indeed for 16 (not out). Meares took two wickets for 68 off 108 balls, Gray two for 28 off 57 balls, O'Hara one for 22 off 24 balls, Rainey one for 40 off 90 balls. In all, eight Uni- j versity bowlers had a try at the crease. In their second essay the representatives of Alma Mater found Laver so deadly on the difficult wicket that they went off with a remarkably feeble pop; the whole side, bar O'Hara, who was absent, disappearing in one hour's play for a total of 44, to which C. Miller contributed 10. This was . the solitary double in the sad array of University figures, and . 48 minutes were occupied in compiling tiic 10\. Laver sent down 72 balls for 12 run;, I 4 maidens, and 6 wickets. He is in such ; trim, both in batting and bowling, that one j wonders more than ever how he played so I painfully and laboriously for that 22 (not j out) against New South Wales, at Christ- I mas, and on a good wicket too. Ho has ' the biggest intercolonial batting average so 1 far this season, and in addition to his i bowling ability, he is one of the finest1 points in the world. Christian took two I wickets for 3 runs off 12 balls; and Carter j one for 27 off 66 balls. Ivilgower (sub.) and P. M'Alister each missed a chance. Wright, the East Melbourne wicket-keeper, got a nasty blow, but like the game 'un he is, lie speedily pulled himself together and '-kept'' in line style to the finish. LEAGUE MATCHES. Cnburp, batting one man short, added 9 to their 134 for eight wickets. Buzolich , took six wickets for 53. On such a pitch ; as they had to bat on, Essendon were hope lessly out of it, their effort to get the 276 ■ required to win producing the small aggre-: gate of 08, to which Christian contributed j 23, R. .Steele 20, Smith 16, and Ramsay 12.1 T. Eaterson took three wickets for 11. j Cobiirg won by 177. 1 oil Melbourne had the bad luck to con tinue on a bowler's wicket at Malvern, and. though there were five wickets to fall, the addition to the 190 for five wickets was no more than 17. Fowler took five wickets for 34. Malvern, at their second attempt, put up 199, of which T. Fowler made 15, II. M'Lean 33, Jack Ballantync 30, Grant 27, M'Inernev 19, and Jas. Bal lantync IS not out. J. Begg bagged five for 33. The Ports, in their second innings, lost two for 9. Malvern won on the first innings by 135. Wifliainstown and Brighton did not play, and the match is a win for Brighton by 59 runs on first innings. Brighton scored 307, WilHanistowti 248. THE NEXT BEST TEAM. It is a pity that trouble has occurred in ! Sydney about the selection of the team to j meet the Australian Eleven. Messrs.; Blackham and (larrett are excellent men to | represent Victoria and New South Wales, on a selection committee. It is hardly j reasonable "to suppose that any local com-1 mittee would choose a team that would . give satisfaction to all the colonies eon-, eerned. Eac-h colony undoubtedly should j have a representative on the selection com mittee. It is the one way to enable each j colony to get something like just treat ment. j NOTES. I Several admirers of that fine left-handed; liatsman, Syd Donahoo, have asked me why he did not play in Brisbane against South Australia. I find that he is away from Brisbane on Mr. Coldham's station, near Barcaldine, about 400 miles from Rock hampton. {So eager were the members of the association to secure Syd's sendees for the*- match that they offered to pay all. travelling and hotel expenses, but as they were very busy on the station, he could! not 6ee his way to go to Brisbane. Mr. I Uoldham is an enthusiast about cricket. He j has a good pitch laid out, close to the* homestead, and pleasant matches are played 1 there, Syd, of course, is top sawyer with the bat. The climate of Barcaldine suits Syd's health down the ground (especially the cricket-ground), and Air. Coldham has been very kind to him. It's a way the Coldhams have. From Launceston I learn that E. A. Windsor has been about again with, bat and ball. Playing for Cornwall against j £sk in a pennant match, he took seven I wickets for 73, off 190 bails, and scored 59. (not out) out of a total of 130 for two! wickets. C. Shew batted well for 46 (not! outl. In a match between Kew and Mr. j Hilcke's team of Jolimonters, the latter: scored 181, and dismissed Kew for 89. Going in for a second try, the Jolimonters nut up 211 for three wickets in 90 minutes. Pretty rapid, 1 call it. Gus Officer made 81, Slay 50, Green 35, Williamson 34 (not outj. - The latter is a promising colt. Phil. Slay did the hat trick, and, alto gether, got four for 16. "" ,JLyl ' The '\Lyltelton Times" states that Jim Phillips gives every satisfaction as coach to the Canterbury Cricket Association. He reckons New Zealand cricket better than that of Tasmania and Queensland. Jim is reported to have left for Australia in the Talune on the 20th inst. ■C. BoxshaJl, of the New Zealand team, made *207 (not out) for Lyttelton against Iiagley-park. J. Sfahar scored 145, and 421 were put up in three hours and 10 minutes. ' I met Win Murray on Monday, and he informed me that Castlemaine got home against Bendigo United, on the Castlemaine ground, on Saturday. One of the factors in the success of Castlemaine was the bowling of Hansen, of Harcourt. Though handi . capped by a pronounced malformation of hand and arm,, he sends down a really puzzling ball, with a break-back that sent more than one .Bendigonian to the right about. "So much did he work," observed Win, "that I had to play him with my' iegB for the most part, lie bowled George "^tckay with a beauty, which just lifted bail." ... the Bendigo fast bowler, has o)ylingat the practice nets for two ~ eyjenings. He is a cousin of the j , Hround player Jack Harry. He1 ism* a; -tastish ball from a good j but Jbis bitch is rather erratic. I " o' Hay against Derwent, C.' 231- (not out) out of 425, splendidly, jjahce* .viz., at 1130, This I Sasmsdeover 201); but execord for the island i 