The Central Mission. 'We gladly direct attention to the very ? complete arrangements of the Central Mission Committee for the celebration of their ' Social and Rescue Work ' . ^anniversary next week. The ' forward movement' in modern Methodism is 'but one step — a very important one, we admit — in the law of re ligious evolution. Like Methodism itself, it was a distinct child of Provi dence. It grew out of circumstances that gave the hour and the call for a something that has grown into one of .the most widely popular institutions of \- our Church. In this, as in so many other of our movements, Methodism has pioneered a workable idea for the moral uplifting of the people that other churches are pretty generally imitating. So much the better for them, and for us. There is no gainsaying the fact that in the laree towns of England. Mftthn dism was, fifteen years ago, in a very unsatisfactory condition. Our states men were alarmed at our failure to reach the great masses — then wrongly termed .the 'lapsed masses' — of the cities. On the one hand were to be found streets packed with people as Christless as the heathen of South America ; and \- on the other hand were to be seen large churches practically empty. To-day , all that is being gradually but surely . . altered. It is not our present purpose to give the genesis of this remarkable movemeut. Suffice it to say that, as is the case with all radical reforms, this movement has passed through the successive stages of indifference, oppo sition, criticism, acceptance, enthusiastic working. He would be a bold Metho dist to-day who ventured to utter one word in condemnation of the great Cen tral Missions of England. They have captivated the imagination and the hearts of our people, and certainly furnish a startling phenomenon, unknown in all earlier developments of the Church, in that not one single mission started has been other than a pronounced success. It has mattered little to what order the ministers appointed to this work have belonged. Given a wholehearted enthusiasm, a baptism of the Holy Ghost and common - sensed audacity, and everywhere there has been success. Peter Thompson, with his big soul in a big body ; H. Price Hughes, the most popular man in modern Methodism ; Fred Wiseman, the ex- college tutor and musical adept ; Crawford Johnson, the model street preacher; Ja.bez Bridge, the erratic . but successful ex- African missionary ; Collier, a second - rate preacher, but a man who would have made a fortune as a theatrical manager ; Chadwick, a bold inventive genius, who is to-day the foremost among the young men of the Conference; Jackson, who ha3 captivated the Scotch mind ; all these, and many others, have, in ever varying manner, solved the great city problem. To-day one of the most comforting reflections touching the condition of British Methodism lies in the fact of the complete awakening of our people to grasp the question of the hour — how to reach and uplift the masses — both body and soul. Our own Central Mission enjoys the distinction of being the first one started, ante-dating that of East London by one or two years. It also has had its diffi culties and its critics. But it lives to-day a power in this city and in our Connexion that no sane man will attempt to gainsay. Under its various superintendents the seedling planted in 1884 has grown, until to-day it is a tree of goodly pro portions, whose fruit is for the healing of the people. To illustrate our remark as to the gradual development of this great work we need but furnish the dates of the establishment of its leading social and rescue work branches : — The Seamen's Mission was started in 1886, Evangelist's Training Home in 1889, Sisters' Home 1890, Children's Home 1893, Medical Institute 1897. To-day all these are agencies of which any Church may justly feel'proud. Never were the prospects of this Con nexional Mission brighter than they are to-day. The Conference has dealt liberally with the Centenary Hall Trust, the Century Commemoration Fund will still further aid this Connexional build ing, so that the trustees are much more hopeful than in the past. The Mission proper is more than paying its way, and is gradually getting rid of its old debt. The Committee in charge are* united and enthusiastic, and the Superintendent though admittedly overworked, is doing his best to make the Mission still more worthy of our Church. We venture to urge our people, in every circuit of the Connexion, to stand by and support this work. Here centre the philanthropies of the Connexion. We have no need to be ashamed of them. . But is it fair, as the Committee have just pointed out in the prospectus of their next week's anniversary, that upon the subscription lists of many of the philanthropic agencies of the colony are to be found the names of many of our people who do not appear as sub scribers to our own aggressive and rescue work?' This is certainly not just to our own Church, and surely only ?needs to be pointed out to be remedied. We understand that the Committee are most anxious to open a ' Home for Friendless and Fallen Women.' For the want of this the C.M.M. workers in their toil among the degraded women of the city are greatly hindered. But this cannot be attempted until the present debt is removed and a credit balance is in hand. We commend this entire work to the generous support of our whole people, and express the hope that the various meetings of next week will be everything the Committee desire them to be. 