TIk' llnmiH'tl House Tub runty gate hangs on its broken hasp, The ivy's green embrace tho only clasp. The only breath that breathes is deep decay Brooding itbove the spot from day to day. Tho yew-lrefts twiuu their arms about the bowers Onco chosen home of beauteous mingled flowers. The green ferns droop above the darkened well, The nighiingalo alone awakes the spell. The tundial, overthrown, lies on the lawn, And never more shall mark the rising dawn. The duiBy and tho primrose from the grass Forget the sound of gliding feet that pass. The broken marble fountain throws no stream Of dowdrops in the lillies' waxen gleam. Choked is the pool with vegetation rank ; Hoarse croak the frogs from out the green weeds dank ; Only the wild-birds ofltimca come to drink Their morniDg sip of nootar from ite brink. The ringdove builds her uiry palace near, ? And coos her love-song to no listening ear. TOLa tlt*,natl.k nnnr al/inn nurnlraa the. nua Whose wild thrown sprays aloft the south wind blows. No shutters oloae the staring windows' eyes ; Their sightless orbs look out to meet the Bkies. No living foot treads o'er that silent floor ; No human hand throws open wide the door ; No fitful firelight banishes the light. No shadows dance upon the parlour wall, Throwing reflections, weird and grim and tall. Only tho gray shades of the departed, Only the pale ghosts of the true-hearted, Hover anon about the closed door, In mute remembrance of the days of yore. Through summor'o sunny days and' dusky nights, Through all prolific Nature's deep delights, 'Mid all the desolation, listless roam The shades of thoBe who knew the place as home ; And down the cedar-walk a lady glides — A velvet hood her dainty beauty hides, The satin hoop her tiny feet reveals As through me ruutling leaves she silent steals ; And all udown the deep mysterious glade Tha moonbeams flicker through, and soflly fade.' A youth is strolling soflly by her aide, The dreamy Bhades their lingering kisses hide ; And through the bushes gleam a pair of eyes, And muffled figures from the shadows rise. A point of steel has vanished in her breast— Her stifled cry and breathing are at rest). When Winter's icy grip of crystal frost, When song of bird and running stream arc lo»t, When every herb and leaf and fruit and flower Slumbers, to gain anew their magic power, Then empty echoing silence reigns supreme ; No more the sad-eyed ghostly forms are seen. 'Tis only with the wakiug touch of Spring, When all the woods and fluty voices ring, That slender shades oreep round the home onoe more, ' That stealthy footsteps falter o'er the floor, And scare the living from the mournful scene Of former joys, and what they might have been. They say a aurse hangs o'er the old homestead ; Hence oreeps the bindwood o'er the lilies doad, The gray moss olothoi the hoary apple spray, And all things speak of ruin and decay. Perchance if some pure spirit from the skies Would Ioobo a tear of pity trom her eyes, 'Twould lay the tireless shades of dark despair That through the summer, earth-bound, linger there. Then onee again might girlish voices sing, And happy chimes of children's laughter riag, And lovers' whispers murmur deep delights Through summer days and silent starry nighln. — Violet Twkedalb, in Chambers'). 