CURRENT TOPICS. Anti-Catholic Catholicism. The article which must be looked upon as the piece cle resistance of the Austral Light for the present month seems to need something more of a notice than can be confined to the limits ordinarily devoted to the review of an article in a magazine. The article is one on whose inclusion between its covers we are unable to congratulate our contem porary, forming, as it does, a very notable departure from that standard of Catholic excellence for which the Austral Light had : hitherto been remarkable. # # # V # We allude to the article with which the number commences — " Isaac Hecker " by Ei. A. Julian, The writer, or rather the compiler, for the article is throughout a compilation, and may possibly be more so than the reader is able to discern, the pre caution of inverted commas not being always observed, deals with very debate- able matters, and deals with them in a manner that, at least in appearance, is sympathetic with much that must be con demned as anti-Catholic. In selecting his authorities the compiler has not been care ful to exclude writers whose statements or opinions should be quoted in a Catholic publication only by way of repudiation or refutation. On the contrary, he quotes . them with approval— but of this more anon. # # At the very outset the writer appears to display an inspiration that is not Catholic. He assigns to the definition of the dogma _ of Papal Infallibility a place secondary in importance to that assigned by him in effect to the mental progress of the period, what ever may be its worth. He also makes a somewhat light allusion to the usurpa tion of the Temporal Power — an action that generally seems to concern him very little. # # With relation to the importance of the dogma of infallibility, however, the writer evidently differs from the priest of whose career he treats. Dr. Barry, for example, a well known Catholic writer, from whom also Mr. Julian quotes extensively, assigns to the definition in question a place in Father Hecker's mind of the first import ance, as closing the era of the Eeformation, and overthrowing the false Protestant idea" of private judgment. " From the Vatican Council/' adds Dr. Barry, " Hecker dates by anticipation an expanding era in which freedom, under recognised authority > shall be the motive power of a Catholic Benaissance." Mr. Julian prefers to the period of the Vatican definition " the era when the thoughts of men were widened, the era of the triumph of the evolutionary concept." # . # # But is it from Father Elliott's life of Hecker that Mr. J ulian quotes the passage he gives, with inverted commas, relating to the guidance of the Holy Ghost ? The quotation is not from Dr. Barry, who dwells at greater length on this point, and claims for Hecker's doctrine, which he interprets differently, an undoubted conformity with that of the Catholic Church. " Said Father Hecker," according to Mr. Julian — ' There is too much waiting upon the action of others. The layman waits for the priest, the priest waits for the bishop, the bishop for the Pope, while the Holy Ghost sends down to all the reproof that He is prompt ing each one, and no one moves for him. . God's will in this age is to serve him in a spirit of rational freedom.' " # # # Mr. Julian, nevertheless, tells us that there never was the shadow of suspicion about Father Hecker's orthodoxy, and that the policy founded by him does not raise any question of doctrine. It is a hazardous thing for any one who is not a duly authorised theologian to deal with points of Catholic doctrine. There is a doctrine, however, that all of us may in terpret — nay, are called upon to' do so by those who profess it. The doctrine of the " Evangelical " Protestant, or that of the Quaker is evidently defined in the pas sage quoted. The Evangelical who takes up his Bible and finds his own meaning in the inspired text is, he believes, directly moved by the Holy Ghost. The Quaker in his niAfitino' hniisa sits in silann.A ivrntint q — for such motion — and each believes himself to serve God in a " spirit of rational free dom." # Such doctrine could hardly be that of Father Hecker, who, as we have seen, had hailed the Vatican Council as putting an end to the false Protestant idea of private judgment. It is not for us to explain what the Catholic doctrine on the point is, but it is not that of the Bible Christian or the Quaker. As to the charge brought against the Pope of a disregard of the promptings of the Holy Ghost it would seem not out of keeping with the beginnings of a heresiarch or of an anti-Pope." # # ' That there is doctrinal error, moreover, in the opinions on the point referred to which have been attributed to Father Hecker appears from the Pope's letter to Cardinal Gibbons. "There is no one" says the Holy Father, " who calls in ques tion the truth that the Hcfly Spirit does work by a secret descent into the souls of the just and that He stirs them alike by warnings and impulses, since unless this were the case all outward defence and authority would be unavailing." This, too, we may remark in passing, seems to have been the doctrine of Father Hecker as in terpreted by Dr. Barry. We quote again from the Pope's letter. " Moreover, as ex perience shows, these monitions and im pulses of the Holy Spirit are for the most part felt through the medium of the aid and light of an external teaching authority. To quote St. Augustine, 'He (the Holy Spirit) co-operates to the fruit gathered from the good trees, since He externally waters and cultivates them by the outward ministry of men and yet himself bestows the inward increase.' " The Pope, in short, condemns the proposition that the minis try or instrumentality of men can be dis pensed with. " Such guidance," he says, " has ever obtained in the Church ; it has been the universal teaching of those who throughout the ages have been eminent for wisdom and sanctity — hence to reject it would be to commit one's self to a belief at once rash and dangerous." # # # # Mr. Julian also attributes to Father Hecker's writings a rather superfluous virtue. Among things between which he accredits those writings with showing a noble tone of conciliation he includes " the letter and the spirit of the Catholic , religion." But what Catholic could possi bly hold that these things had ever been at variance? The true Catholic would know that the closer -he kept to the letter of his religion the surer he was of entering into its spirit. # # # # We have said that Mr. Julian quotes as authorities writers who should only be dealt with to be refuted. One of these seems beneath notice, and has been passed over as such by Catholic apologists who were acquainted with his standing and notoriety as an anti-Catholic writer. We allude to the writer, who, under the name of " Voces Catholic® " contributed an article to the May number of the Contemporary. From him Mr. Julian quotes a long extract in a note — showing besides in the body of his article abundant traces of kindred senti ments. Another writer is the Hon. Mr. Gibson, whose production was published in the Nineteenth Century for the same month. We can not certainly say that Mr. Julian has also taken a tone from the Abbe Bourrier, likewise a contributor to the May Contemporary, giving an account of the condition of the Church in France, somewhat after the style, and plainly with the same motives as those of the late un happy Pastor Chiniquy. Mr. Julian, how ever, is open to suspicion in the matter. # # # With regard to Mr. Gibson his article seemed to us so complete a realisation of " the Prig " that, for own part, we thought it hardly worthy of attention. Mr. Wilfrid Ward, nevertheless, has considered it not beneath his notice, and has replied to it in the Nineteenth Century. Mr. J ulian might there have found all the answer required to the charges of obscurantism which he echoes — and echoes so discordantly in ' the pages of a Catholic publication. Mr. Gibson begins by narrating how an independent course of thought had, somehow or other, brought him into the Catholic Church. But arrived there, " all ho saw, all that he heard in conversation, all that he read in authorised sources, tended to convince him that Catholic theology was hopelessly at variance with all that was sound or healthy in the modern world." # # Mr. Ward shows that a specific charge brought by this phenomenal convert is un founded. It is one that he brings against Biblicial criticism. As concerns scientific teaching also Mr. Ward proves that the charge of obscuratism brought against the Church is gi'oundless. He gives his per sonal experience, with regard to Darwin's theory, as a student at a Catholic college. He quotes, too, the definition given by Cardinal Newman, when he was Eector of the Dublin University of the requirements of the modern Catholic critic, apologist or scientist, and his duties towards theologi cal authority. They are perfectly in keep ing with rational freedom and quite ex- nliifiivA n f rt.l! nhsn.nm.nfiaf siiororAsf.irma # # # # Mr. Ward, Ave may conclude, had also seen the article of "Voces Catholic®." He had probably classed it with that of the ex-Abbe Bourrier, published in the same periodical, as beneath contempt. In the July number of the Contemporary, how ever, a reply to this writer is published over the signature " A Modern Catholic." He is shown to have relied on ex parte statements and misleading information. Another authority quoted by Mr. Julian is Mr. Bodley, who contributed an article on Catholicism in America to the Nineteenth Century for November, 1889. Mr. \Julian speaks of Mr. Bodley as an " intelligent observer." But why had he previously quoted a passage from that writer without acknowledgement — even so much as in verted commas ? The passage it . might be i thought would be one that a Catholic writer would be careful to disown. Mr. Bodley is advocating the appointment of an American Pope. " All the best friends of the Papacy outside the 'Italian ring' which fences it round," he says, "are agreed that the time has come when it would be for the highest interest of the Church to break down the rigid tradition of the last three centuries and a half which prescribes that the occupant of St. Peter's chair shall invariably be an Italian." This .is the passage which Mr. Julian, to all in tents and purposes, claims as his own. Mr. Bodley is very hot on the subject of having the Cardinalate and the Papacy wrested from the predominance of the Latin races and conferred on the Teutons and Anglo- Saxons. Mr. Julian takes this " intelligent observer" — whose intelligence, neverthe less, does not always appear very clear — as his guide, and gives him a servile following. # # Mr. Bodley, indeed, shows a good deal of Catholic sympathy, or what, without in vestigation, might be taken for such. But his constituting himself first a Pope, to create Cardinals, and then a conclave to elect a Pope, of itself alone might bring his intelligence, or possibly his sincerity, into question. A peep at the cloven foot, too, is otherwise here and there apparent in his article. He speaks, for example, of Wil liam of Orange as " the most enlightened Prince who ever sat on the throne of Eng land, who moreover secured the British Constitution and the Protestant Succes sion." He would also almost consent to the election as Pope of either of two Italian Cardinals named by him, because he looks on them as liberal and likely to find a modus vivendi between the Vatican and the Italian Government — were it not, as he says, that " the Church needs a ruler whose wisdom and enlightenment is capable of dealing with further-reaching questions than those which relate to the limits of the Kingdom of Italy." Mr. Bodley, again, is anxious to minimise the Irish element in the American Church. We have, then, a goodly list of authorities drawn on by Mr. Julian in compiling an instructive article for publication in a Catholic magazine. # # # # Mr. Julian, too, is ready to instruct 'bis readers on a point that had perhaps so far puzzled not a few of them. He gives them for instance, whether following Mr. Bodley or not we cannot say, a clear definition of the term " Americanism."' "Americanism," he says, "means the future supremacy of the Teutonic peoples over the Latin races in the guidance and governance of the Church." # # Our part, however, is not to explain "Americanism," any more than it is to defend or condemn the memory of Father Hecker. The definition we have quoted, absurd as it seems, may, for all we have now to say to the contrary, be possibly exact. We have referred to the article in question as an exception to what we had been accustomed to find in our contem porary's columns. Jt is an exception that we confess has both surprised and pained us. 