BOOKS & : PTJBMÓilTIQyS. Foi- thoa© who yearn for. the. literary equivalent nf tho blood and thunder melodrama, a suitable feast is provided lu Mr. James Baker's "Cardinal's Page" (Macmillan's Colonial Library). Ho des cribes' it as a story of historical adventure, and etato3 in tho preface that as far as the Cardinal (the famous Henry Beaufort of Winchester) is concerned, ho has adhered pretty closely to the history of. the period, the first,half of the fifteenth century. Although the page, Ralph Branspath, who tells his own Btory, Is an Englishman, the chief scone of his adventures ls Bohemia, where tho fanatical Cardinal and his adherents attempt to uproot the HUHS heresy, by acts of unutterable cruelty and persecution. The scenes described are according to tho writer, "actual'scenes, full, still; in their ruins of the odor of the tragedies and romance that have been played out In old days;wlthin their walls," and the horror of the tor tures endured during the religious struggles of those fierce days ia heightened by the sense that . human be ings did in truth suffer unimaginable torments at the hands of their ¿fellow-creatures. Possibly lt ls well that we-should realise the blessings of civilisation in these pessimistic times, but such .stories certainly cannot supply unalloyed pleasure even to the most ardent seeker after sensation. It ls a pity that a writer like Florence Warden, Who has attained popularity by her cl overly r con structed sensational stories, should' Bink to the level reached In her latest novel, "The Secret of Lynndalé" (Grant. Rlchards's Colonial Library; George Robertson and Company, Sydney). Tue plot is of tho flimsiest description, the characters are merely lay "figures, draped to represent con ventional types, and their- behavior IB utterly puerile and unnatural. A young girl goes to stay in a country house, and after much irrele vant chatter on the part of two plain girls, and a grown-up brother, who behaves like a spoiled and silly schoolboy, sho is gradually introduced to the family skeleton, in the shape^of a weird individual, supposed tbsbefunder)th<Bshadow-of an unspeakable cr inverai JCfee.rpT, is oJ&Q;>;a rfamily ghost, whose appearance portends misfortune, and the poor girl is waTjTie.dj.tp;:death by glimpses into a mystery which certainly proxesi:/Utterly un worthy of : either her trouble or the reader's to disentangle. Credit, .however, should certainly be given-to a writer who can. contrive to spin out so bald and dull a plot over more than 300 pages, its extreme tenuity, being balanced by a certain hazy vagueness as to details which might' be ir ritating if it were possible to get up the slightest interest in so weak and improbable a tale.' Sev eral obvious slips occur, which suggest" slovenly writing, noticeably that In which Anthony is de scribed as a "scapegoat," where "scapegrace" is evidently intended. V A glimpse at the headings of the chapters' of George Manville Penn's novel, "The Vi bart ! Affair" (Bell's Indian and Colonial , Library; : George Robertson and Company," Sydney), is enough to.prepare the reader for startling deve lopments. For example, "The Colonel's Skele ton," "The Family Ghost," ..There Will be an In quest," "Thuggism," "A New Horror, "At the Ruins," conjure up the most sensational sugges tions, all of which are more than justified in the pages of Mr. Penn's books. Nihilists, a dipso maniac wife, a forger in hiding, a case.of poison^ ing, a mysterious figure in a cloak, and veil who flits about the house at night, a rascally, colo nel, who meets. hlB well-deserved fate, a good young man and a charming girl who suffer in silence from the vices and crimes of others-all these provide plenty of material for a thrilling romance of modern, times. Of course, all comes right in the end, the wicked are suitably disposed of, the virtuous rewarded, and the reader, with a satisfied sigh, closes the last page with the sooth ing reflection that "All's right with the world." "A Country Schoolmaster, James Shaw, Tyuran, Dumfriesshire," edited by Robert Wallace, Pro fessor of Agriculture and Rural Economy in Edin burgh University,, reaches us from the publishers, Messrs. Oliver and Boyd, Edinburgh, N.B. The editor, in the preface, refers to the subject of the memoir as being remembered "not only as an in teresting contributor to current prose literature, but as a poet, a man of science, an antiquarian, and a most enjoyable and engaging companion. He also quotes the saying of one-of his admirers, that "he was a large man, fated to play out his life-drama on a small and dimly-lighted stage," and,' indeed, his name and .reputation"appear not to have penetrated far bèyond the vicinity bf his own immediate circle. Those, however, to whom: his home and writing are unfamiliar, have, npjv the advantage of Professor Wallace's introduc tion to the public of the . cultivated Scotchman, whose portrait occupies the frontispiece, and his writings, in prose and verse,, the greater part of thc volume under notice. * . '? "'';~ "The Scarlet. City" Ts" tbe striking title of a no vel, running into nearly 600 pages, by "Pot" and "Swears" in Sands and; Company's Indian and Co lonial Library, and forwarded by Messrs. George Robertson and Company. It is described In a sub-title aB "Tho Adventure of John" Franklyn and his Friend, Anthony Fuller, in-and out arid round about the Wicked World in the Second Half of the Nineteenth Century," the aforesaid John Franklyn being his'own and his friend's biogra pher. It opens early In the hero's career by de scribing how he and his brother, George Victor, abscond from their aunt's house in Bath to .eváde the tyranny of their Irish tutor, the specious Mr. O'Fiaherty. Their flight is, however, intercepted by their uncle, Philip Franklyn, an extremely good-natured commander in the Navy, who in terferes <ïectively on their behalf, and while George is handed over to a naval instructor to prepare for his: future career at sea, John goes first to a private school and then to Eaton. Here he distinguishes himself by various exploits, some to Ms credit and others the reverse/and thus prepares himself for the very variegated career of his maturer years, li is impossible to attempt to follow its devious windings, or describe the many vicissitudes of his adventurous life In which more or less disreputable theatrical people play leading parts-all of which aro described In detail, and with considerable spirit. Romantic episodes, of course, are numerous, and the love affairs of the .ho« involve -bim" In no little trouble an 1. dlf «'.uî'.y, hut after sowing his wild oata and reap »u« a somewhat hitter. crop, we leave Mr. John Franklyn with tho promise of better things, and oh the eve of .a happier if tí. less exciting life. 