WATER SUPPLY IN THE REEDBEDS. INTERESTING FACTS. Owing to the dryness of recent seasons localities where there is usually a good water supply have ruu short. This is per haps not altogether an unmixed evil, as it una uiiiue tins louu. ruuuu aim. a ucu ter supply for the purpose of intense cul ture. .Perhaps there is no place within the Adelaide districts that has suffered more, comparatively speaking, from the dry sea sons than the Reeclbeds, the immediate neighbourhood surrounding the outlet of the River Torrens. Owing to the shortness of the water coming down the river the residents have been obliged to seek below the surface for a more abundant supply, which from all appearances seems to be permanent. With a view of ascertaining to what extent these operations have been carried out a representative of "The Reg ister" paid a visit of inspection, and saw nearly all the wells in full work. The first well examined was that of Messrs. Stanford Brothers, which is situated about three-quarters of a mile from the Town ship or Fulham, and on the north side of the River Torrens, being the most norther ly well in the immediate district. Mr. M. S-'tjmfnv*} ffflVft cmtiP ii&pfnl; infViniiJit.inn The tanford gave some useful information. The ] well is dug 12 ft. x 12 ft. x 23 ft. deep, being cased with stout jarrah planks for about three parts of the way up, and the rest of the walls galvanized iron, the whole being braced across witli stout timber, as in a mine. At the bottom of the well, which consists of a layer of limestone substance, there are four holes knocked through; from these the water gushes through as clear as crystal and perfectly fresh, bringing with it small quantities of white fine sand. This water rises to within 13 ft. of the surface in summer. A 61-horsepower Otto (Jrossley oil-engine, with all the latest improvements, working a patent centrifugal pump with 3-in piping, bringing to the surface 15,000 gallons per hour, will only just keep it m check, and with a speed of 12,000 gallons per hour a continuous stream can he kept Eall day, and even all night if required, e water is used in cultivating a plant of lucerne that has been in for some years, and is conveyed in a large, long, open sta tionary galvanized iron gutter, and thence in 6-in. galvanized pipes, which can be easily moved at will. The water is run on when the crop is cut off, which is done piece b3' piece, so that when the last is cut it is ready to stai't at the beginning again; and it is surprising to see bow the lucerne grows when thus treated. Mr. Stanford uses it for feeding dairy cows. The next well visited was that of Mr. F. Hills's, which is only a stone's throw from Messrs. Stanfoi'd Brothers', in a southerly direction; in fact, rather too close, as when both pumps are working together^ the sup plv is not ouitc so good. The well is 10 ft. x 10 ft. x 2° ft. deep, and eased with wood and ii'on. The water flows in through a large hole in the bottom about the size of a man's body, and also brings in sand, some of which is rather coarse. Mr. Hills was also working his oil-engine, which is a 7 horsepowcr Hornsby. working a 3-in. centri fugal pump. This well will also continuously supplv 12,000 gallons per hour, at a cost, Mr. Hills estimates, of from 3s. 0d. to 7s. per day of ten hours for the oil used. Lu eerne is also the product here irrigated, the modus operandi of wutonng being the same as before explained. Mr. Hills's lu cnnie is about eighteen months old, and has been cut three times already, that standing being from 21 ft. to 3 ft. high, looking thick and heed thy. Mr. Hibs esti mates that a tin of hero-sine will produce about 3 tons of lucerne, which is also used for cow-fodder. He is of opinion that a good soaking is better than only watering the surface. Keeping a southerly course, the next well is that of Mr. H. G. Butter field, the web-known proprietor of Henley View Hairy, but this supply comes from a lower level than those formerly visited, the weii being 32 ft. deep, and three bores 4 in. in diameter go 16 ft. deeper. The well is likewise caused around with jarrah and .cor rugated iron. The wafer simply shoots up through the bores, making quite a commo tion in the well as it rushes up. This is especially noticeable if two of the boreholes are stopped up. and only one left to run. The water in the well will rise to within 8 ft. of the sin fa re in winter time, but the summer level is 12 ft. The well is oblong in shape, being 10 ft. wide by 20 ft._ long, thus it can be seen that the capacity of holding is great. One of the Otto Crossley oil-engines, Gl-liorsepowei", fitted with 3-in. centrifugal pump, does the lifting work, and a nice, cool stream there was issuing from the outlet-pipe into the open gutters, and thence into 8-in. elosed and movable galvanized-iron down-piping. Mr. Butter field's engineer. Mr. Smith, states that the work done during the summer time ave rages nine hours a day all through, and that 108,000 gallons a day had been raised, but that 135,000 gallons a day c-ould easily have been brought up, and this lias been existing for four yc-ars, and yet the supply is the same, showing conclusively that deep well-boring is inevitable if a l-egular and constant supply of the precious liquid is wanted. During the four summers that Mr. Butterfield's engine has been in work it has had only one overhauling up to now, when once more a clean-out was required, thus giving good work with but little la bour. When asked if the quantity of kero sine to raise the water from such a depth was great, Mr. Smith replied that as near as he could say about four gallons were consumed in eight hours. The lucerne, maize, sorghum, &c.;, that were growing under this irrigation presented a beauti fully fresh green appearance, mak ing things quite cool. The lucerne then being watered was not twelve months old, and a considerable quan tity had already been cut off it and used for milk-production. Mr. Butterueld also uses the water for household purposes, having it laid on with gaspiping from an elevated tank above the well, and supplied by the engine, but when this is not working a windmill pumps the supply needed to water stock, &c.; The property of Sir. Thomas Stanford joins that of Mr. II. G. Bntterfield on the south side. When I visited Mr. Stanford lie was busily engaged in watering lucerne, ' which, he stated, would have produced no thing worth cutting if it were not for the water supply. The well is constructed somewhat on the same _ principle as the others visited, being 10 ft. square, and walled to abovg high water mark with stout jarrah timber, topped off with corrugated galvanized iron, and numerously cross-stayed with , sub stantial Oregon beams to prevent the earth caving in, .which it did last winter, as Mr. Stanford tells me, owing to insufficient staying on the iron. The well is 23 ft. deep, and is supplied with water from a hole in one corner, which comes in at a great rate, equal to about 10,000 gallons per hour, but Mr. Stanford expects to in crease this by digging his well a foot deep er. It is needless to say that when tha engine is stopped the water soon fills the spacious well, rising to within 13 ft. of the surface. A 3-iii, patent centrifugal pump, worked by a six-horsepower impiovea Crossley oil-engine, brings the water above the surface at the rate of over 9,000 gal lons per hour. The first few feet of water can be pumped out quickly, but after that it is slow work to lessen the Bupply even if speed is increased to over 12,000 gailona per hour. The water on being raised is dis posed of into the usual galvanized iron guttering, raised above the ground on tres tles of timber to get the necessary slope, and thence to the lucerne through movable round piping of the 0 m. calibre, con nected by stout calico or canvas joints. It is interesting here to note that it was in this well that the -fossil skeleton of the diprotodon was found at a depth of 18 ft. from the surface, being the first and only whole frame of tnat extinct mammal found on the Adelaide Plains. Other speci mens were fragmentary bones supposed to have been washed down from the North, where the animals were plentiful- in their time. Prom this well a visit was next paid to "llolmfirth," the estate of Mr. John P. Meilor, situated at Fulham, and being still farther south-west than the last place vi sited. Here Mr. Meilor has one of the very best wells of drinking water in the colony, which holds date as being one of the oldest wells in the neighbourhood. It is not large, being circular and bricked throughout; it is 25 ft. deep by 6 ft. dia meter at top and 4 ft. 0 in. at the bottom. Here a 2-in. bore penetrates the earth for 18 ft., and goes into sand where the sea has originally been ages ago, and it is from this depth that the water comes, bringing with it a quantity of white sea sand, and at times small pieces of seaweed that have been entombed for ages past. It is nedless to say that the water com ing from this locality of the bowels of the earth is as clear as crystal and as cold as ice, this especially being so on a hot day, when a drink from these recesses is refreshing and invigorating after having to undergo the lukewarm stuff that collects in the pipes in the city, which so much re minds one of the liquid that vendors bring to one's door first thing in the morning, which they call "Milk, oh!" Mr. Meilor has not yet tested the supply of his well with an engine, but it is sufficient to say that it supplies all the wants of the farm cattle, horses, poultry, garden, and house hold requirements, and will hold its own against a windmill working a 3-in. force pump, also a hand force-pump of the same size, and a number 8 (.largest size) Doug las pump, throwing half a gallon at a stroke. The water rises in the well to about I 12 ft. from the surface in summer, but much nearer in the winter time. These un derground supplies seem to be somewhat local in their habits, for Mr. Meilor has tried in several other places to get a sup ply, but so far has failed. In a well about thirty yards away from the one in question a bore was put down 50 odd feet without the desired efi'ect, and about 30 yards fur ther on a bore has been sunk to a .depth of over GO ft., with only a surface water supply at a deptli of 13 ft. down, which is not of great pressure, consequently the supply is not enough. In another direction in a well about- a hundred yards from the first-men tioned one another try was made by bor ing down to a depth of 75 ft. from the-sur face, but only a moderate supply comes up. In boring these various holes the chief sub stance encountered was a thickness of black surface soil, under which comes limestone substance and sand, with here and there some coarse gravel, where a river bed has originally been before the land gradually filled up. Under this there are strata of red, yellow, blue, and grey clay, which is so hard that even the boring-machine will, at times, hardly touch it, consequently any water that may he above this cannot pos sibly get away, and that below has not a ghost of a chance to force its way up un til pierced by the bore, intermixed some times with this there is a layer of line sand, hut below this again there is the white sea sand, where the supply seems to come from. Leaving Holmfirth, I made my way across country to llie properly of Mr. Chas. A, Smith, jun., of the firm of C. A. Smith and Son, engineers, of Adelaide. Mr. Smith's properly is situated about half-way be tween Henley Beach and Glenelg, and about a quarter of a mile from the sea, be ing still more south- westerly than the other supplies met with. Mr, Smith, being of a mechanical turn of mind, decided that he would start operations, and bore until he met with success of some sort or another, and success has certainly rewarded him for his enterprise, for after sinking to a depth of 228 ft. a supply was tapped, with pres sure enough to force the water to a height of 6 ft. above the surface, hut as the bore put down is only a small one, the flow is naturally small also, hut nevertheless the stream of water is more than sufficient in a day to fill a 2,000-gallon tank raised seve ral feet above the ground, and Mr. Smith says this stream has increased a little since it started. This, it must be borne in mind, is done without the necessity of any artifi« cial lifting, which in all cases nine into ex pense. Mr. Smith says he is confident with a 10-in., or even a 12-in., bore, he could raise enough water, or at least the water would raise itself in quanti ties sufficient to completely flood his land, and with proper taps could be worked at will. Mr. Smith's method of boring ivae by hydraulic power, being, he states, the first time it has been worked on this principle in the colony, and is far cheaper than the usual way of the auger principle or diamond-drill, there being no lift-ing'of rods to clean out the dirt, &c.; Tliis is done by the pressure of water, which is forced down a J-in. gaspipe with the aid of a powerful steam- engine working a hydraulic pump, the pressure being 250 lb. of water to the square inch; consequently the piping must be of the very best, else it will bum and have to be hauled up again. This pipe is worked inside a 2-in. casing pipe, which is driven down as the earth is blown away by the force of water. All the dirt comes up outside the J-in. pipe, but inside the easing. On the end of the rod is fixed a steel cross chisel for jumping any hard substance, but so placed that it does not interfere with the force. During the boring operations several thicknesses of rock of a flinty limestone formation were encoun tered and pierced, also one seam of rock much resembling granite, but not so hard. At 135 ft. a stratum 10 ft. thick of river pebbles of considerable size were met with, aim again at l'UO ft. down another layer was discovered, thus showing what depth of filling up has gone on since the water rushed over them as a sunlit stream. Below. this and at a depth of 219 ft. a seam of 12 ill, thick of white pijitclay came to view, immediately beneath which a bed of fine yellowish-red sand was held in confine ment. Hub sand is identical with the yellow-red sandhills which are so nume rous in and around the district, thus show ing that the sandhills have come by some force from a depth- beiow the surface of more than 220 ft., an interesting fact. At this point the red sand is 8 ft. thick, making a denth of 228 ft. fronr the eurfacej and 2 ft. below this the pressure of water is derived. Sand of a river aud pebbly nature was also met with at 105 ft., anil again at 115 ft., when bori"" was easy. Mr. Smith states that he went ItiO ft. in three days,, and in eight daw completed the whole 230 ft., which would have taken months to finish with the outer methods. On the top of the casing Mr. Smith has fixed a pipe from a windmill working a 4J-in. force-pump reduced to o 2-in. pipe, and by these means lie can set the mill "to draw up with- the aid of the water-forcing 1,000 gauous per hour. It conies up with such freedom that it is neeessarv to have two 2-in. delivery pipes to carry off the water of the one 2-in. pipe below. From the reservoir tanks there is a system of water-pipes which carry the water to various pails of the land to lie used for stock, irrigation, and household purposes. When asked if the process was an expen sive one, Mr. Smith replied that, he had just contracted to put down a bore 220 ft. deep for Mr. J. H. Aldridge at his farm at l'ichiuond, for £50, and find all materials. This he expected -would take eight days to complete. 