Open Column. We do not identify oiiriehet with the opinion* of our correspondent*. OUR WATER SUPPLY. (To the Edi'or of the Daily free Preu.') . Sir,— Permit me to quote categorically, with answers supplied by myself, a series of interrogations propounded by Dr. Maohattie, bearing upon the failure of our water supply, at the present juncture. Interrogations — Is it a Fact? 1\. That tho water supply has once more failed ? Answer: 'It needs no Ghost, Horatio,' &o.; 2\. That the aldermen knew this would happen for many months past ? Answer : It is not a foot, inasmuch as the aldermen lay no claim to prescience as regards the seasons— nor does Mr. Clement Wragge. 8\. That the citizens have been badly in convenienced for several days ? Vide answer to first conundrum. \- 4. That in some parts of the town there bos been no water since Saturday ? Answer : This is a fact, whioh hardly needs insisting upon. 5\. That the state of affairs apparently causes far more concern to the people than to the aldermen ? Answer: This is not a foot. 6\. That no effort on a sufficiently large scale has been made to supply water, in spite of the fact that the river supply has failed for months ? Answer : This may be said to be not a fact, inasmuch as the question depends for the need of its refutation upon the assump tion that the river supply has failed for months past, which assumption as applied to the tunnel at the Waterworks is not the case. 7\. That through economy and '? good management the Council's overdraft has been reduced from £14,000 to £8000? Answer : This is approximately a fact.' 8\. That the financial condition of the Council does, therefore, not prevent: the aldermen from a strenuous effort to supply the people with water ? ? - : Answer : This is a fact. -..-? «-' \- 9. That the only aotion that is being taken at present is in driving a smajl 4ft. Gin. gallery with a shift of only, three - men ? Answer : This is not a fact. ??. . : ' ?'?.??-- 10.: That a number of drives will therefore give more water and more storage ??' t / Answer : This ' faot' is a nonsequitu.r and 'therefore' (sic) -does not call for further reply. 11\. That a special meeting of the Counoil should be called at onoe ? - Answer: This is unnecessary ,- as the: Counoil does not ' play to the gallery,': contenting itself with doing its work and ; doing it well in the confident expectation , that subh work will be appreciated by every , ratepayer capable of the exeroise of reflection. 12\. That the aldermen should by bestir- . ring themselves show the people that they j are fully seized of the gravity of the ? situation? ' | Answer : The digging of a well or the ! extension' of a tunnel hardly seems to call j for any hysterical manifestations on the part,, of the Council. '! 18\. That one who knows every corner of the Waterworks states that a sufficient number of drives will give a good supply arid ( storage ? ? , Answer : This novel and stupendous fact' as applied to on inexhaustible water-bearing drift may be conceded, provided that it is ? inexhaustible, upon whioh assumption the \ ' fact ' is based. 14\. . That at a time like this it is useless to , regard the formality of red tape, and equally . useless to depend upon tho Government ? 1 Answer : This does not seem very much to the point, but it hardly seems worth gain saying. I am, Sir, Yours, etc., W.. PRIOHARD BASSETT, A Member of the Effete, Bathurst Munioipal Council. ' - February 20th, 1899. . * P.S.— Permit me to take this opportunity of drawing further attention if need be to the | terse and sensible letter of Mr. E. T. Webb, | tendering the advice that all drinkirtg Water - from disused wells suoh as are likely to be ' drawn upon during the present scarcity should I be boiled as a precautionary measure. . :. j W.P.B. 1 