ANTI-FEDERAL SPEAKERS AT THE VALLEY. Messrs. Groom and Unmade could not complain of the audience which greeted them at the Foresters' Hall last night. It was attentive if not enthusiastic, and every opportunity was given for the full unfolding of the case against the Commonwealth Bill. Nothing new, however, was advanced as a reason why Queensland should reject the measure, nor was any attempt made to outline a better measure. The dilemma of opponents of the Bill, who profess to be unionists under some constitution or other better than the one proposed, is that they can- not produce a better scheme of union, in New South Wales they have been urged again and again to outline an alternative to the Commonwealth Bill, but so far Uieav has not been even the ghost of an attempt to meet the charge that they cannot do anything of the sort. Thus It is that the term "anti-federal" has been applied to their efforts!. Thus it is that anti- billites in Queensland are classed as anti-federal, because their professed regard for union is not solid enough. Thus it is that Messrs. Groom and Unmack must he considered and federalists and indeed, their minds would appear to be hopelessly inimical to any scheme of federation whatever. Mr. Groom in particular would seem not to want union now in any shape or form. He is as uncompromis- ing in his hostility as Mr. Keogh, who makes no profession of understanding the Commonwealth Bill and only asks to see it shelved. But curiously enough Mr. Groom's address last night opened with the strongest of reasons why Queensland should not fear federation. Tile colony rests upon its primary industries, it has the finest agricultural country in Australia, is exports as we try to show in the next article ave a standing petition for free-trade between the colonies, and yet we are asked to light with tooth and claw for the barriers to extended trade ! Mr. Groom was thus hoist with his own petard after quoting Sir William Mitchell's eulogy of the Darling Downs and explaining that our magnificent assets there were but a drop in the bucket of our resources. Then he tried to show that the cutting up of the repurchased areas had brought life to the agricultural industry of Queensland. But who are the men that have done so much to open the Darling Downs on the new system V Ave not many of them South Australian and Vic f crian farmers ? They are men who have come to this colony attracted by cheap land, and they are helping to make Toowoomba prosperous to-day. Do they fear federation ? Not much. They know too well the value of intercolonial free-trade. They are opening the eyes of Queensland farmers with their energy and enterprise and the progress Mr. (Groom talks of as due to protection must really he attributed to better methods of cultivation, improved machinery, and the throwing down of barriers. Even on his own showing it was the restriction of' squatterdom which kept the early farmer back. Protection helped him not at all then. So in these days the restriction of lands locked up lins kept the Downs a sealed book, Probation has not helped the farmer", nor when neip man. Mr. Groom's appeal to st Valley audience, on the" side of the secondary industries, needs to be read in connection with our interviews yesterday with Mr. Stewart and Mr. Finney for the latter are practical men where factories are concerned. Mr. 'Stewart's outspoken opinion in favour of federation is a complete reply to the letter we published last week from a clothing manufacturer who said that he had an up-to-date plant, but who practically confessed that he was not man enough to run it if he had to com- pete with the South. Mr. Stewart is not afraid of Sydney-if Mr. Hirst Mr. and Mr. Groom's academic views may be dismissed in the meantime. With regard to Mr. Unmack's speech last night It may be said that the observation of Emerson's cynic could be applied to it. There was nothing: new in it, and it does not squatter. He made out that federation would cost Queen's hand half-a-million sterling, or ten per head of the population, by the following delightful hum in arithmetic : under the Braddon clause utic-fjuartjer of our Customs revenue, or £330,000. V to go leaving; not a farthing behind. Mr'- U» mark conveniently forgot to explain that only our share of the cost of the Federal Government, something between fifty and a hundred thousand pounds--, could be taken out of the "330.U0U, and that in all probability a solid quarter of a mill tion of his bugbear would be left to provide for debts now due by the colony. Then to his precious £3.10.000, he added £100 000 for loss of intercolonial duties, conveniently forgetting again to remind his hearers that the money would not be lost at all, but would remain in their pockets if not collected at the Customs. To make up his half-million he then added a cheerful £100,000 from nowhere ! Such a recipe for piling up money is worthy of Mr. Hooley not of' sober Mr. Umtuxck, and it is a sample of his argument right through. He is an apostle of the gospel of " If." He had to quote Dr. MacLaurin, whose figures are built on " it's," and on such a basis it is possible to say that next Queen's Birthday every man in Queensland may be to Sir or an Honoura'ble. It' the Queen pleases she may make Mr. Un- made a peer ; but she hardly will, unless his new-born concern for the Civil Service moves that body to petition her Majesty to so diHliugnish anti-federal jam, and the glorious, common sense which is characteristic of the first lady in the Empire suddenly deserts her. 