ST. STEPHEN'S LUTHERAN CHURCH. An interesting ceremony was performed on Saturday afternoon, when the Chief Jus tice, Right Hon. Sir Samuel Way, Bart., laid the foundation-stone of the new Evan gelical Lutheran Church in Wakefield street, which has been dedicated to St. Ste phen the Martyr. The occasion was a historic one, and there was a large atten dance of elders, members, and friends of the Church, the scene being gay with flags, which fluttered from the scaffold poles. The new edifice, when completed, is intended to take the place of the little Church in Pirie street which was erected nearly forty years ago for the purpose of administering to German colonists in their own language the blessings of the Gospel under the es tablished Lutheran faith. The plan of the building is in the form of the Latin Cross, measuring from end to nave to end of chan cel 78 feet, and from end to end of tran sept 50 feet, the width of nave is 26 feet, and the height from floor to ceiling 22 feet 6 inches. The general design of the building is in the Early English style. The lower portion of the walls is built with Tapley's Hill bluestone, and that above the plinth of light freestone, with a combination of cement and brick dressings. Large trace ried windows form the main features of the front transept and chancel, and the main buttresses are surmounted by pinnacles. At the intersection of the roofs an elegant fleche is a striking feature, rising to the height of 65 feet from the ground. This thoroughly ventilates the roof. The small fluted galvanized iron ceiling is carried up into the roof about 5 feet, exposing to view the lower part of the hammer-beam principals. The altar, pulpit, and pews are of polished kauri pine, and the floor of jarrah. The Church will be well ventilated with sufficient inlets and patent exhaust ventilators. The work is being carried out from plans and specifications prepared by Messrs. Williams & Good, the architects for the budding. The contractor is Mr. G. Kleingunther. The Chief Justice, who was accompanied by Lady Way, arrived at 3 o'clock, and after a service in German had been con ducted jointly by Dr. Eitel and Pastor Kaestner, of Tanunda. Mr. G. Kleingunt her, the contractor, stepped forward and presented Sir Samuel with a handsome sil ver trowel suitably inscribed as a memento of the occasion. The stone having been lowered into position Sir Samuel said: - "To the glory of God and in the faith of Jesus Christ I declare this stone to be well and faithfully laid in the name of the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Ghost." Following the recognised German practice, the Churchwarden then advanced sepa- rately, and each having tapped the stone with a mallet, recited a text from Scripture. The inscription on the stone read:-"Zur Ehre Gottes wurde Stein gelegt von dem, Right Honourable Sir Samuel James Way, Bart., October 14, 1899." Dr. E. J. Eitel, Evangelical Lutheran pas tor of St. Stephen's Church, said he could not address those present without giving expression to the deep feeling of the obli gation under which the congregation and himself had been placed by the generous sympathy of all classes of the Adelaide pub lic, evidenced by that gathering, and es pecially by the large-hearted kindness of that typical representative of South Aus tralia's broad-mindedness, the Right Hon. Sir Samuel Way, their Honoured and be loved Chief Justice, who had oftener than any man in Australia filled the high post of Lieutenant - Governor, and who had gen erously consented to lay the foundation stone of that German Church. The build ing the foundation-stone of which had just been laid was intended to take the place of the little Church in Pirie-street, erected thirty-eight years ago, under the pastorate of the Rev. Christian Maschmedt, whose faithful ministry was still held in blessed memory by numbers of German settlers of Klemzig, Adelaide, Hope Valley, and neigh bourhood. Like its predecessor, this Church was also dedicated to St. Stephen the Martyr, whose undying example called upon them to stand by the faith of the glorified Redeemer with unshaken fidelity. The aims of that Church were to adminis ter to their German fellow- colonists the blessings of the Gospel and the holy Sacra ments on the basis of the word of God, and in conformity with the established Lu theran faith, and for that purpose to culti vate the use of the German language and the love of their German Fatherland. They considered these aims to be perfectly compatible, on the one hand, with the hearty and loyal submission which they owed to the suzerain British Government; and, on the other hand, with the con sciousness that unless the stream of Ger man immigration was soon renewed the German element in this colony was bound to be absorbed in the overwhelming flood of kindred Anglo Saxon life. They bowed to the inevitable. But meanwhile they who were born Germans persevered even there, under the shadow of the generous British flag, in their love and duty to God, Kaiser, and Fatherland; and they believed they had therein the sympathy of every enlightened Englishman. The finances of their Church were such that they were glad to accept the generous donations of their English as well as their German friends. They had sold their ground in Pirie- street for £1,200. They had purchased the present site for £900. That building would cost from £1,500 to £1,600. They had therefore to raise over £1,200 merely to erect that edi fice, but they were in urgent need of an ad ditional building for the purpose of a Sun day-school. The Chief Justice said:-Dr. Eitel, elders, members, and friends of the Evangelical Lutheran Church, will you permit me first to thank you for the cordial welcome which you have accorded Lady Way and myself to this historical gathering, and let me thank you also on my own behalf for hav ing done me the honour of allowing me to take part in this ceremonial. I shall al ways value the trowel with which I have been presented as a precious memento of one of the most interesting incidents of my life. Whilst dwelling on these personal details I must also express the great grati fication I feel that I have the honour of being associated with my distinguished friend the Rev. Dr. Eitel at this early part of his labours in the City of Adelaide. The great services of Dr. Eitel in the cause of education are a part of the history of the British colony of Hongkong, and his learning has been acknowledged within the walls of the British Parliament itself. (Hear, hear.) I do not wonder that St. Stephen's Church, in Pirie-street, has been found too small to accommodate the con gregation who are desirous of coming under Dr. Eitel's faithful, learned, and earnest ministry. It affords me also as a South Australian colonist the highest gra tification in being here and taking part in the proceedings of to- day. These proceed ings connect themselves with an event in South Australian settlement; nay, I should rather say, in the colonization of this con tinent, which more than almost any other touches the heroic and the sublime. In No vember, 1838, the good ship Prince George anchored in Port Adelaide with 200 Ger mans on board. That ship was the South Australian Mayflower. The Pilgrim Fa thers in both cases left their native land to secure religious freedom. Those of 200 years ago sailed to North America, those of 1838 came here to help build up South Australia. Those Silesian peasants were signally qualified to take part in the early settlement of a country. They were most of them husbandmen. They had learned in the valley of the Oder the cultivation of the vine and the manage- ment of Merino sheep. They were much impressed with a doctrine that has become very popular lately—the importance, of the close settlement of the land. They brought with them habits of thrift and in- dustry. But the most precious freight which they brought with them was a passion for liberty of con science. The most dramatic incident of the Reformation I think you will agree with me, was at the Diet of Worms, an incident with which you are all familiar, when Mar tin Luther stood up and withstood Emperor, princes, nobles, soldiers, cardi nals, legates, bishops—the whole power of the German Empire and the Papacy com bined. "Here," cried he, "I take my stand. God help me;" and when he uttered those historical words he secured for the modern world freedom of private judgment. Our Pilgrim Fathers in South Australia were his worthy successors. They had borne fines, imprisonment, and the confiscation of their goods, they had left their much loved native land, and come to an unknown country to secure a free Church in a free State. And all South Australians next year will go into federation with greater pride because of the sturdy courage of these Ger man Pilgrim Fathers. (Applause.) But I cannot allow my German friends to mono polize all the honour and the glory of the event to which I have referred. It is something that we Englishmen two years before had established upon principles of civil and religious liberty a colony in which these exiles could find a safe asylum. We did not cavil about terms. We welcomed them to a free citizenship. If the Boers had acted on the same principles towards the Uitlanders—English, German, and other nationalities who have built up the Transvaal—we should not be mourning a war in South Africa to-day. But I wish to go a step further as to my own nationality. These pioneers came here by the help of a British merchant, and they could not have come without that help. He spent thousands and thousands of pounds in bringing out shipload after shipload of these religious refugees, and to this move ment we owe Klemzig, Hahndorf, Lobethal, Tanunda, Angaston, and the other German settlements which are amongst the most striking and attractive features of South Australia. And in estimating the quality of that act we must remember that this money was advanced when this liberal benefactor was in straitened circum stances in consequence of his capital being locked up in this new colony. He put down his carriage, he endangered the whole of his fortune, in order to give help to those refugees. It is some compensation for growing old that I can remember the tall and slender form, the long hair, and the striking features of Pastor Kavel, who was the leader of this immigration, and it is one of my proudest memories that I was honoured with the friendship of their muni ficent benefactor, who brought them out to this colony, George Fife Angas, the father and founder of South Australia. (Applause.) At the Easel Club, which is now holding its exhibition on North- ter race, there is a little picture of an old cottage, just such a cottage as you may see by the hundreds and thousands in your Fatherland, and alongside that old cottage there is an almond-tree in full blossom. The title of the picture is "The Last of a Once Flourishing Township, Klemzig." It is true that the men and women who built Klemzig are gone, and their cottages also. "Their place knows them no more." But their children and children's children —some of them bearing English surnames in consequence of intermarriages—are spread throughout South Australia, and are amongst the most industrious, the most flourishing, and the most law-abiding of our population. St. Stephen's Church, in Pirie-street, was the successor of the little Chapel in Klemzig, and it is to be followed by this more spacious building. But I ven ture to say that so long as there are des cendants of those Pilgrim Fathers amongst us, so long as South Australia is the home of a free, a happy, and a prosperous people, we have not seen the last of Klemzig. (Ap plause.) The almond-tree in the picture blossoming and bearing fruit year after year is a true emblem of the living virtue of Klemzig. (Applause.) When I was in England in 1891 I saw in the gardens at Marlborough House the foremost man in Europe, and the best and the greatest woman in the wide world, walking to gether. The aged Queen of England was accepting the support of the strong arm of the Emperor of Germany. That I thought personifies what ought to be the relations between the German and the English Empires. (Applause.) That, I say, does symbolize the relations of Germans and English in South Australia. (Ap plause.) We are not simply one race, we are one family. Those of us who come from the three Kingdoms and the princi pality surrounded by the four seas on the other side of the world are not more loyal to Her Majesty the Queen than are the patriotic German colonists of South Australia. (Applause.) When we speak of the mother country all of us think at once of England, and when the Fatherland is mentioned we all, from wherever we come, mean the Empire of Germany. (Applause.) We have English and Caledonian and Hibernian and Cambrian and Cornish Societies to keep fresh the memories of our dear old homes; and I agree with Dr. Eitel that you Germans also should cherish a love of your great Fatherland, and that you should make its history and its tradi tions a part of our common inheritance in this great Australia of ours. Our intellec tual life will be all the richer if we possess ourselves of the treasures of German litera- ture. The German language is the key to the latest discoveries of modern science. We recognise that in the University of Ade laide, and are doing all we can to encourage a study of the German language, and to aid our efforts Dr. Eitel has kindly consented to give lectures to our students on the sub ject. (Applause.) In its deepest and highest aspect Christianity obliterates national and social distinction, "there is neither Jew nor Greek, there is neither bond nor free, there is neither male nor fe male, for ye are all one in Christ Jesus." But Christianity was never intended to de stroy good citizenship or to efface our loyalty and our patriotism. Depend upon it, religion in South Aus tralia will flourish all the more strongly, whilst the doctrines of the great Reformer are faithfully preached in his mother tongue, and whilst your devotions rise to Heaven in the very words of the hymn, "A Strong Tower is our God," and the other hymns from the pen of Martin Luther and from Martin Luther's land. This, I know, I may venture to assure you, that every right-feeling South Aus tralian, whether of English, Irish, Scotch, or German birth, wishes this Church peace and prosperity, and fervently joins in the prayer that it may have God's blessing. (Applause.) Mr. H. C. E. Muecke, on behalf of those present, thanked the Chief Justice and Lady Way for their presence. He assured them that the German loved his Father land, his customs, and, above all, his re ligion. In his own experience he had found that those who were strongest in their af fection for that country also formed the most excellent citizens of South Australia. He thought it was the inborn love in the German character which created in Ger- mans a love for the new country they had chosen for their future home. He again thanked the Chief Justice for the kindly act he had conferred on the congregation in laying the foundation-stone. (Applause.) The offerings laid upon the stone amount ed to £55 11s. 