THE ECLIPSE OF SPAIN. A few days ago the reputed remains of Christopher Columbus were publicly in terred In the Cathedral at Seville amid im pressive demonstrations of profound national inOmiHLI. All tllUllllUllo tUllLUUloU iLL- tended the ceremony, and as the eotllu was lowered into tlie vault the multitude was ilccplr affected, recognising in the burial a symbol of the end of Spain's great colo nial empire." The Philippines have liecn secured by the United States; the dominion of Spain in Cuba is broken; tlie Spanish Premier is asking authority to sell the Caro line. Marianne, and I'elow groups of islands, and all the remaining Spanish possessions; the Spanish office of Minister for the Colo nies is to be abolished. There is some doubt as io the authenticity of the ashes which have been borne across the sea from Ha vana. Tlie dead Columbus lias lind as many voyages as the living, and must have long 11 eo become familiarised with disinterment. Buried originally at Valladolid, according to reliable records, his remains were seven years afterwards transferred to Seville. In 1531), move than thirty years later, tlicy, along .with those of his sou Diego, were taken to Santa Domingo, where they rested for more than two and a half centuries. About a hundred years ago Havana, the capital of tlie first island at which Columbus is absolutely known to liavo touched In his llrst voyage, put in a strong local claim to the bones, which succeeded. . Doubt has always existed since as to whether the re mains thus acquired were those of the father or the son. Apart from tlie possi bility of dishonest action, it would be easy to make a mistake in such a matter. So, during the past century, Havana and Santa Domingo have each claimed to be the re pository of the only genuine Columbus, who may at the present moment be in the one or the other iustciid of back in old Seville. However, tlie symbol still liolds good, and (lie fact which it illustrates is unmistak able. If the Spanish have not brought home tlie remains of the greatest benefactor of their fallen nation, tlxey intended to, and that simply because his grave might be seized by tlie dominant children of tlie mighty western laud which he had discovered. If "the patient iiate and vigil long of him who treasures up a wrong" endures beyond death, the ghost of the Genoese navigator may now feel what ever of satisfaction revenge brhigs. It is said that a few decaying bones and ashes were found In the receptacle where his body was believed to have been laid, but no meu- tion is made of chains. "When Columbus was sout back to Spain in irons by the new Governor from tlie colony he had founded in Santa Domingo he swore that lie would always keep these fetters as a proof of how his services had been rewarded, and would have tlicm buried with him when lie died. How far Columbus and his brothers may have been deserving of the censure bestowed on them for mismanagement or corrupt ad ministration in tlie new communities they were authorised to establish in the newly- discovered lands none can now know. But it is beyond question that when Ferdinand and Isabella gave Columbus the support for which he vainly sought during seven years from other sovereigns, grout jealousy of nnd Ill-will against "tlie foreigner" were nroused in Spain. With the success of his adventures these were increased, and during all the rest of their lives ho and his brothers wore subjected, whatever may have been their faults, to the persecution of mean and mercenary enemies. There is no closer parallel In the history of nations, perhaps, to the famous simile of the eagle pierced by an arrow feathered from his own wing than this Spanish harvest home of tlie Columbus discoveries. Nor is there a more striking example of magnifi cent opportunities given to those who were incapable of rightly using them than is furnished by the close of the chapter of Spanish colonisation, and tlie disposal by tlie auctioneer's hammer 'of territories won by the sword. When the kingdoms of Cas tile and Arragon cauio together under an alliance which lmulo Spain n great Euro pean Power, the foundation was laid of an Empire which might have dominated the world. Tlie spirit of adventure which fired the Spanish nobles received a great stimulus from the > discovery of lands hitherto un known, whore gold and victories for the Cross might he won. Only a few years after the first return to Spain of Columbus the seas were alive with ships full of fearless pioneers, bravo to desperation, in pursuit of the best and in defiance' of the worst that fortune might bring them. Maritime ex ploration, conquest, and colonisation became the dream of all who could obtain equipment for such occupations. The whole continent of South America became marked and signed with proofs of Spanish occupation at widely separated places, while Mexico and Florida were raffled by strong adventurers. The tre mendous spoils brought home as the Royal fifth by some of these, and the enormously greater stores of wealth appropriated by the finders ol' it, added l'ubl to the fires of avarice and ambition which made tlie Spanish blood boil. India, in the day of Dupleix uud Clive, had fascinations enough for tlie calmest Englishman— India, with Its traditions of inestimable buried hoards of pearls and diamonds stolen from hundreds of princes and rulers, and its manifold chances of fortune for the strong and the courageous. But no story from the East ever came to thrill tlie hearts of men with lis daring and its rewards like that which Spain heard from Mexico early in the. six teenth century. The romance of rapine writ ten in lilood "when the world was wide," lias no more enthralling tale to tell than of what followed when Montezuma, the King of Mexico, sent to Hernando Cortez, tlie soldier of fortune, already lighting his tvay inland, a peace offering in the shape of mi image of the sun, as large as it cart wheel, wrought in solid gold. With only seven or eight hundred ineii aud a few brass guns, Cortez tiling himself upon a nation. He and his handful fought like demons, eventually seizing tlie king in the midst of his city of 800,000 inhabitants, uud with cruelty that never knew pity, subjugating a whole rich and populous kingdom. Nothing could lie more calculated to inspire a lighting people like the Spaniards with irresistible ambition to go forth and conquer Hie new world, and make it their own, than the un paralleled episode of the fall of Mexico. This was soon followed by another Span ish success of Hie same kind, set round with tlie same glamor of unspeakable heroism, Illuminated with tlio same gleam of fabulous treasures of gold, and made execrable for ever iu the world's memory by tlio basest treachery aud the most brutal crime. The prodigies of patient effort wrought by Fran cisco Pizarro in finding a foothold upon tlie strange land of Peru, the miracles of valor by which he made ills way onward against obstacles seeming irremovable and Insurmountable, nnd the capture by a device of utter baseness of the simple- minded Inca, were hardly less grand or abhorrent than the most notable deeds of Coriez. Before the hapless captive was murdered, lie wns in duced, as the price of ids ransom, to fill a large room with vessels of gold to the highest point on the wall which the tallest Spanish soldier could reach with his hand. More than a million nnd a half ounces of Hie precious metal were thus falsely obtained by the adventurers, who proceeded, in the usual fashion of the time, to gamble and tight with each olher. The immense wealtii secured by them was in most eases dissipated reck lessly. Tiiey were terrible fighters, hut lacking in the political wisdom necessary to proper government and fruitful use of the territory they had overrun. Here and there a calm, judicious man of tlie highest character was entrusted with the control of the new possessions after the storm of conquest had passed over; but nowhere did the complete peace necessary to Industrial and commer cial development reign among the conquerors. Jealousy, personal ambition, and ill-will set tliein plotting and drawing the sword against each other. One by one theSpauish colonies of (he mainland of South and Cen tral America, which, under other circum stances might liave been enlarged aud drawn together until they formed an invincible, in dissoluble nation, passed out of Spanish con trol. However valorous In battle, tlie Span ish people seem to have lacked the qualities essential to successful colonisation. Now Iho last of the prizes sought and found for I hem by Columbus is going to the highest bidder. The rest of the history of Spain will he lived out, it seems, by tlio desolate hearth of the home whence her sons went forth in the past to claim so much of tlio world in her name, and so often, by splendor and barbarity of achievement, tot make their claims good for a time. 