CREW SAVEDJY A GHOST. ItlaDy BtritrigG incidents occur at sen, but nono inure so than Unit which befell Captain Bcttnor, of the brig Moim\vk, u small vesmd engaged iu tho West Indies trade. After leuvlnu St. Thoinns!, her last port of call, on ono voyage the brig was steering n' noith-wealorJy course, homeward bound, beating up uttdor short canvas against high winds and heavy seas following in the wnko of u lmrrianne which hud traversed tho tropics live or six days before, ller captain, who had brcii soino hours on deck, went below at midnight after directing the fust officer, who was on watch, to keep the course then steered, und to call him in case of any change fortho worse in (he weather. Ho Juy dowu upon n sofa in l he main cabin- but us tho brig a bell Miuck twice, becumc conscious of the figuro of a man', wearing a green sou'wester, standing beside him in tho dim light of the cabin lump. Then he henid tho words— ."Ohntigt your course to the Hou'west, captain." Oaptnin Benncr got tip and wont on deck, where ho found that the weather iuid moderated and that the brig was cany- ing more sail and -making better headway. He ii;ked tho mate on duty why ho had wufc down to call him, to which tiuit officer re plied that lie lmd not. done so. Tho captain, fancying that ho hud been dreaming, went back to I he cabin, but he was disturbed - soon again by u second visit- from the man iu the giccn sou'wester, who re peated his previous order ami vanished up tho companiouwey. Tim captain, now thoroughly aroused, jumped up ami ptu- fcued the retreating lignw. but saw no one until he met. the mute on watch, who insisted Unit lie had not sent any messenger below. Mystified and perplexed, Captain Ben ncr -returned to tho cabin only to see his singular visitor tc- appcar, to hear him repeat tho order to chango the course to uou'-west, with the addcu warning — ' If you do not it will soon bo too lute!" and to sec him disappcitr as before. Going on dcckhc gave tho necessary orders for the chango in the ship's course to south west. Tho officeis of the brig weie not only bui prised, but also indignant, and t'mully de termined to seize their captain and put him in iions,\vhen, soon after daybreak, the luok- out forward reported some object dead ahead. As the vessel kept/on it was nuulc out to be a ship's boat. As it ranged abeam it v/:us seen to contain four men lying under its thsvurts, one of whom woie a green sou'wester. The Mohawk was promptly hovo to, a bout lowered, and the enstawnys taken in. The castaways proved to be the captain and three men, tho only onrvivora of the crew of a vessel which had gone down in the hurri cane. and they had been drifting helplessly' without food for five or six days. Thu green sou'wester was the property of tho rescued captain. A few days later when ho Jiad re covered sufficiently to be able to leave his berth, he was sitting ono' day in tho tnnin cabin of tho brig Willi Captain Ttaitner. Kn suddenly asked his host whether he believed in dreams. 44 Since 1 have been hero,' 'ha continued, 44 1 have been thinking how fa miliar this cabin looks. I think that I have been hero before. In tho night before you picked me up I dreamed that I eunio to you here in this eubiu und told you to change your course to sou' west. Tho first Lime you took no notice of ine, and I came tho second time in vain; but the third time you chnngcd your enurs, and I woke to find your ship alongside of us." Then Captain Benner, who had noticed tho resemblance of the speaker lo his mysterious visitor, told his own story of that night. 