TEE GHOST OP GARLOON- By Mes Allan Suitor. Tec reception rooms at " Koscoe, the costaodious and doligiitfully situated, faruiahcd, residence which Mr and Jlre Lorimer, of " Garloon," bad tsken with tho intention of spending six months in town, wero fragrant with tho scent of roses, musical with Ifco voices of women, the ripplo of their Ir.uqlitcr, and iho cleeptr ioae: ; cz aoa,'?"?£) tho guccis loitered in :v?222nt over dainty nftcr r.3onie.i; for 1-Its Tjorimer—'.resit:!}-, b;;.ntiful and talented- —had no lack of society friends, and she and her big i-ood-uatured husband wore r. power fn their little world. "It is simply abominable!" ciclaimed r.a elderly lady of imposing r.sDCct, in reply to some remark to her. " Another burglary ! ?\7hst can tho police be doing ? Of course " (to tho hostess) " you never have any trouble of the kind on the station ?" "Oh yes, indeed!" replied Mre Lorimer. " Lr.st winter we had quite sn alarming experience for some ; yet, after all, it was not esacily a burglar." " Eo'.v was that?" queried several yoke?. "It :s rather a long story," said the j hosier, smiling; but acceding to lisir request, thus commenced : "As some ot you are ay/are, 'Girloan' is miles away from any v/hsre. In the bush you know every body in the neighbourhood, and you tiidoin think of such an individual as 2 burglar. Besides, in ordinary stetion homesteads there is rarely ."jthicij lying about that ?von'.d be j lihciT to tempt :; thiaf, ro it is i frequently tho custora not even to \ b:k tbo doors end windows at night. Su:h >Tas our way, and, for years after j car marriage, we did not have enough EJDSition in tho way of burglars to put ca a threepenny bit. "But a ' change came o'er the spirit : cf our dream.' loaves of bread, rDCiSd aeats, jama, jellies, cakes. i-it'er, o:j., all began to disappear i:i \ i :;::ii unaccountable manner from ? tis ];rJer at night-time. It j S3 ~hy anyone should want to stesl i tis things, when there was always j s-OEjjh snri to spare for boueebold cb, S3 well as plenty of ' tucker' to li bad by any r/ayfarer for the sriing. "llr cook at last gave warning, j Sis slid 3:'.e ' wasn't goin' to stop in I ;j 'houss as Trr.s 'auntsd by spurruts. , J I!;:triitsd bj th:3 awfal threat—for ?! 1 eipi;tsd a large house party during j n.:e wesk—l endeavoured to point | oittothe alarmed hesd of the culinarr '< Jepniiaent that spirits do not noed :r.:i substantial fare. Yet, even as I riztnstrr.tsd, a guilty remembrance jS3I2 in 32 that I had heard that Eite- alir-si spooks do not disdnin :sJT£B anl candies. "G;ok vras inexorable. Thg oalr i.-nciiiion I could obtain was—thr.t a"s 1 favor sho would remain until after izi r>;es; then, she declare:!, r.he ' -32H ba hon, fust chance.' ?'3u: the gho3t ones raised at 'Gsricsn,' there seemed no possibiliiv '.: allaying it. Ereryono about the phis- had some blood-curdling tale to 1j:1— of stealthy fco;s£ep3 heard in tie Lours of darkness.; of ghostly that vanished into air when i:r:a vahant masculine watcher tried k them. The maid servants tegsa to reqoirs the constant tiiendance of a male escort 3tter tsi£, and, notwithstanding that some s:g.-:t3 ~a shut savage dog 3 up in the 2 mr nt * store rooms, Tarious 01 foci and clothing continued to crsspp- L ?ar. Occasionally weiccked i: '? r -f r ' —.?" s often we forgot to do 20. ."A r to my annoyance, 2-'Tij3 Iscgcid when I told h:m of ££raijg2 ciecredatiens, and iT377-:i_ h: 3 _ bslisz that the =ai had the things. At last his overcoat ? *??& sn_ important basiness letter in :-3 of tbspocksts disappeared. When -? ve-rjTod to suggest that doubtless ', '' >3 . ? .r? r . 2( l" a,: red an overcoat, Jack,; -lit il2ogic3ily, grew quite wrathful : a!ira-espressiv9 ia hi 3 remarks. . sotbing came of them, and tha i "thriooc Ghost,' at irregular icterrals, K3t:ausd its nocturnal depredations. ; '' One winter evening, about nine i Jacij was cosily chatting to a : mend at the fireside. They discussed i -pi luT, land tax, income tax, native sheep dips, rabbits, and the . coaparative value of wire netting rereas poison, until I felfc myeelf com- i =?s:ing to yawn, whilst their elo- ; jziEie showed no symptoms of i £^2tiH CT . : "I went outside to ascertain if the gwien gates ware shut, for sometimes j t^51 corrs or horsee would get in, and ; .T 2 "- 2 5 epon my m.o3t treasured 1 I look a lantern with mc, aJi n:ght was dark, and, having tu-saed tha gates, v.'as returning, wsea I noticed that the door of the i stood wide open. I raay cjatioa that it opened inward; and ! Kald Dβ secured outside with a strong acd staple. I stepped over the and placed my hand upon \ -=c chaia, when I heard a sort of P.? 3 ' I QS tmctively I raised tho -litsrn, and saw an apnaritioa which ;-rosQ my blood to ice." A tall, dark Km towered menacingly above mc ; a countenance of ghastly pallor, catted hair, wild eyss that caught pc gleara from the lantern, and claw- hands held aloft. For a few ?43Wi3 so we stood; then, voiceless I "?to terror, I dropped the light, ?aaed into the dining- room, and '" Waea I recovered consciousness ! ? loan 1 d myself on the sofa, Jack lookl rC p m , w,th a!arm > 2nd ilr Anstey \--Deraily bestowing the contents of the cW^ 5 on mc. I explained the ?asa of my swoon. They went out su . Sear^ ed aII about . success. The dogs lay aroaud as 4*aal—quite undisturbed. I " But I was not satisfied. Y/hon Jtck and Mr Anste} , were again sealed at the fire, I went to tbo back door of tho hall, whence a view of j tbo cloro room could bo obtained. [ Hardly h::d 1 tr.kcm my f;taud, when a I blr.el: shape crept :t!on<,' the opposite I wall, then advanced swiftly, as r.n omen of evil, tc where I stood. 1 noioelesely drew br.ck further into the chadow. My faintness was over, but I r.s the- figure atoocl, not two feet from ? as, reatlsfvly turning Hn he.'d from ! oida to side, for r. minute I icr.reu thst : Ul3 lo::d throbs of; n:j' heart must biiir::;,- :oe. Then ;ny courngo returned. i determined that if the form entered the lir.ll 1 would slr.tn tho door behind it and call cut to Jnc!;. But swiftly as it bad come, t!ie figure glided away agciin to the storeroom, and 1 heard the faint clink of the chain as tho door opened. "I told Jack what I had seen. " Alright, little woman !" sr.id he ; wo'll catch tho burglar this time. Then taking off their boots, he nnd Mr Anstey stole cautiously out. Unfortunately, just an they neared : the store, one of them blundered over j something- lustantly ihera was ? j rush and a scramble. A dark figure dashed out or the docrway and fled, ?.vith Jack, Mr Austay, and the dogs ia fall chase, amidst a wild chorus of I chouting and barking. j "In a few minutes the pursuers returned—unsuccessful, Jack limping painfully, having ? hurt his too on n rook, and Mr Anstey looking most gory, having run his uoso violently against a post, believing it was the burglar. " What aturaps ne," Fai-1 Jack, savagely, as J sympathetically ushered them iiiio | iho houfis and r.ltendccl Io fhfir ?! injur.'f?, ''? :s why the confoundud dog j wo-jhin't touch tha thing, whatever it was." as he nursed his miunded ioe, assured mc with emphasis that he could not put up -with this.'scrl of thing any longer. " 2ivT.t diiy ho wont into town and interviewed the y.i.l'u-c. Tt, was .1-rr.agL-iI ih:;i en >\,r iniiu.-. ing night j a tro.-iper aamn! Weslon, who bad j the reputation o: '. .:;:<; a daring clever fellow, should ii<i'e. c:it to ' Garioon ' at dusk, secrtii- hi::,self at a placp agreed upon, ;i short distance from the homester.'!, and thi-rr, for a- time, await developments. A couple of the stockmen al.?o received priiato lette-3 from my husband to cuinu quietly to tha hcuse> after nigh:;"r.i: sed hold i themselves in readiness for any emerge , ]: cy. "The r.giit c:;:at—dark, cold, and stormy. Wutci.-.rs were concealed in j j various parts ot liio homestead, but ! nothing rewarded their vii;;]. i " * Oh, bother it all '." s:\id Jack as j last, a3 we heard the rain beginning ! t-o down, ' Y/eston -,vill bo ? irozec. I'll go and tell him to como ? 13 for EDES scDper r?n£ r> warm. j " Tho i?zzn2~:z.ia resuli of this : determination reached as bj decrees, ! for Jr.sk was tstt rcticont about the \ matter. However, it appsars when hs had gone about 30 yards from the bouse be .descried r. crouching fignre. i rrhich was evidently andeavoaring to i a7oid obscrvanon. Jack snesked vrariJy towards the dark object, which also drew nearer, thoagh in the gleora it was impossible io be certain if it had observed him. AS last he waa within 3 few feet of it, and for an instant both remained motionless. Then Jack made a dash. Piercely he and hi 3 ant3gonJ3i wrestled, each desperately endeavouring to throw the other. IFinding that he could not easily gain the advantage, and reaem- 1 bering that be was unarmed, Jack j shouted to the trooper for zs-slsiaizcs. j To his astor:;shra2nt the. b T jrs!j.r :n- i srantly relaxed his grdsp. " \ " Gcod gO3a !" panted a farailia? f ro:ce. " \ _*' 3y crlckey, TTeston, is thai you '." j S3 ie Jacji. 1 they had to mak-2 tho best ] of the situation, for ths men from the t houHD, attracted by Jack's shout, scon arrived on the scene of the combat. "The fact was—the trooper,, tired of being out in the rain, 'had been cautiously making hi 3 way to the house, when La perceived Jack. Exulting in the opportunity that fate appeared to have thrown in his way, he too endeavoured to capture the burglar. Hence the ludicrus mistake they mutually made. " It caused much merriment amongst the station folks, in which, just at first, the chief actor 3 were not inclined to participate, for both were considerably battered ; though now my husband enjoys the joke ac much as anyone. "The causa of all this trouble was ' caught a fey,- night 3 afterwards in a most nnsensational manner. One of ths stockmen, leaving the kitchen late at night, in passing the storeroom, noticed the dooa ajar. He shut and fastened it; but he heard sounds within aa of someone mnttering. He called to his master. Providing them selves with a light, they guardedly entered the store, and, under the counter, tho long-dreaded and my sterious thief was discovered, proving io be a poor demented man, who, in days gone by, before his aSiction, had been an employee on ' Garioon,' and, consequently, knew the run. of the house. " Hot/ he had found 1313 way back to the station from goodness knows where, and why he had chosen 3uch a cunning and stealthy mode of supply ing himself with rood, etc., at night— 67idently lying hidden in the scrub all day, one had. come across his camp—of course we never knew. had him conveyed to an asylum, where he is well cared for, and said to be quite harmless. " Xou ask mc why the dogs would not hurt him ? Well that I cannot tell you. Maybe they knew he was bereft o£ reason. Call it instinct > I knowledge, what you will, tho fact remains tbe came. _ " I assure you if; v.-ac c relief to get rid of our ' ghost.' Cook reconsidered her intention of leaving. She is with us still. "Two or three weddingc have even tuated amongst our people on the station, which I conrider directly traceablo to the influence of the ' ghost.' What do you think ? And Mrs liorimsr'c derk ayee aanEedlj' coughi tho Iccz-s of hsr £ lie-sty, who oiio r.nd all r-.dmifcicd that, especially in tho b'osb, s reiilly o.i"pn,blo, energetic ghor.t or burglar niighfc cirir.injy bo luoired upon ao conducive io inr.tri moii3'." 