BnliiMii n\W ruhESdaw ' lU&uii;&B; The Russian Imperial crown is valued at £1,200,000. . There are fewer saicides proportionately in Ireland than in any European country. Every day the Thames scoops out of ita banks 1,500 tons of mud, or half a million tons a year. The boxers of ancient Rome carried . heavy pieces of metal in their hands to make their blows more effective. One of the offerings at a collection at a ohuroh near Cheltenham was a sodawater bottle containing 602 threepenny pieces. The only two great European capitals that never have been occupied by a foreign foe are London and St. Peters burg. A meeting of 2000 persons over 70 years of age is annually held at Leicester, and of these over 400 die before the next anniversary. Forty years ago Japan had only coast ing re8sels. Now it has several steamship companies, the largest of which runs 63 vessels. Residents of England have£110,000,000 invested in mortgages in foreign countries. These investments annually drain the foreign countries of about £5,500,000 in hard cash. There is one portion of the human body which continues to increase in size through out life and does not oease with the attain ment of maturity. It is the crystaline lens in the eye. In modern history Leipsio holds the re cord as the battle in which the greatest number of lives were lost. In that pro tracted fight, 'which took place in October, 1813, 80)000 men perished. During the last 100 years there has been a great decline in the art ot porcela'n manufacture in China. Tho so-called Imperial Manufactory, however, continues . to produce choice specimens. In the British army privates may not marry before the completion of seven years' service, and they must possess at least one badge, and then only are they permitted to marry without the consent of the commanding officer. An interesting feat in engineering was performed recently at Milwaukee, when a bridge was floated bodily down stream and deposited on a new foundadion made for it. So carefully had the calculations been made that when the bridge settled on the piers the structure was within a quarter inoh of where it was intended to go, and the whole operation took less than two hours. There has just been constructed for river purposes an immense dredge, which ia claimed to be the largest in existence. It has a capacity of 4000 cubic yards of sand, gravel, and clay, or similar material per hour, and this can be discharged 700 feet distant. It is 214 feet long and 61 feet wide. It can excavate a channel 80 feet wide and 14 feet deep at one cutting. The fuel employed in working the dredge is naptba. Hill of Bealh, Fife, can give the world a lesson in the way to fight the drink for the good of the community. A public house was opened by the public some four years ug'O. The profits, to begin with, were applied to the orection of a splendid library, rending and recreation rooms. The electric light was introduced jut? the place from tbe same source, And now a bowling green has been formed and a pavilion erected at a coat of be tween £4000 and £5000. It is said that only one man has ever really successfully broken away from Dartmoor, England, in the whole 49 years of the prison's existence. Local gossip tells— but with what truth cannot be said — that whenever the intelligence is flashed from Princetown that a man has made a 'leap for life,' more than one hospitable kitchen window is accidently left open that night, and more than one table laid with a supper and a suit of clothes. A writer in Popular Science discribes ostrich-farming in Southern California as a growing industry- The first birds were imported about 13 years ago, and now there are farms at Worwalk and South Pasadena stocked with hundreds ot os triches born in California. Every few months the male birds are Btripped of their white plumps, each bird yeiding about 30 dollars worth of feathers annually. The birds are also} sold to menageries, a fine pair being worth 250 dollars to 300 dol lars. It ia stated that the dungeon in which Luccheni, the assassin of the EmpreeB Elizabeth, is now confined has no win dowB, its wall are of cold, generally damp, stone, its floor of stone, and its ceiling of Btone. Only once a fortnight is Luccheni permitted to wplk in the prison courtyard for half an hour. He does not even see the attendants who bring him his daily rations at 6 o'clock every morning, and paBS them through an opening over the iron door which closes the dungeon. Thp aBtronomer, like other people, some times finds what be is not looking for. This is especially likely to happen in making photographs of the beavens. A small comet, known as Chase's, was thus accidentally photographed on at least four plates which were exposed some few months back to catch the Leonid meteors. The comet happened to be near that point in the sky from which the meteors appear to radiate, and although it was invisible to the eye the faithful sensitive plates took note of its presence. Information has reached Liverpool (Bays the London Standard) that Mr. Charles Santley, the eminent baritone, who is a native of the city, has received from the Pope the rare distinction of being made Knight Commander of the Order of St. .Gregory the Great, in recognition of his many services towards the Catholic Church during Cardinal Manning's life time and since. This is a very coveted honor in the Roman Catholic Church, not more than half-a-dozen other gentlemen in England possessing it. Frederick Walter Floyd, 39, portman teau maker, was indicted at the Old Bailey, .London, tor snooting at nis aaugoter Rosette with intent to murder her. The wife was shot in the forehead and in the neck. A third shot fired by the prisoner struck the daughter Rosette above the left temple, and a fouith shot struck the second daughter in the back of the head. It was stated that the daughter Lily would never recover her reason owing to her in juries. Mr. Justice Ridley sentenced the prisoner for his atrocious conduct to ten year's penal servitude. Charles Maidment, 22, laborer, was executed in Winchester Gaol recently, for murdering his sweetheart, Dorcas Houghton, at Swanwick, near Farehatn, laat April. The couple had been engaged to be married, but quarrelled, and en meeting his fiancee, by appointment, to receive back his presents, he shot her dead. After the murder Maidment gave himself up to the police, and made a full confesBion of his guilt. A plea of insanity was set up,, but the opinion of two medical experts from the Home Office was opposed to that theory. The Bishop of Ely (Loid Alwyne Com ptos), addressing a temperance mission to brickyard labourers at Peterborough, de clared that as wine was in Judea, so beer was in England — God's gift to make glad the heart of man. But what was true of many sins was especially true to drunkness it waa the sin of using wrongly what they might use rightly. A simple rule was practical enough as a eafoguard ; they must stop when they bave taken enough. One man could not stand more than one glaae, another might tuko fivo or six ghsaos, but ifc was always wiser to take too little than too much. Elias Torr, farmer, aged 52, was tried at tho Nottingham nssizas, for murdering his daughter at Hickling- where he oc cupied a small holding. The prisoner, who was proved to be of a violent temper and addicted to drink, had, on the day when the crime had been committed, made un founded allegations in regard to hu wife, reflecting; also upon a farm servant named Thornton. His daughter Mary Ann, aged 26, defended the wife from Torr's aspersions, who Bhot her dead. When apprehended Torr said he was very sorry, but did not do it on purpose, adding, ' My daughter came to the door and said something she ought not to have said. I pulled the trigger and it was done in a moment.' Prisoner web found guilty and sentenced to death. Before being re moved to the cells he declared that he loved his wife, and loved her now. He added, ' I loved my daughter. Thank God, if I die, I will go to heaven.' A curious sfcory is told by a correspon dent of the Liverpool Post of a haunted house at Southporfc. It was occupied by an independent lady possessed of a de cidedly ma°cu'ine type of mind and iron nerve. While occupied one forenoon afc her writing-desk, this lady, having, accord ing to her own story, a feeling that some one was in the room, looked up, and saw standing at the other aide of the deBk a figure of a woman who was gazing in tently at her. The figure had its head covered with a dark-colored mantle, though the features were distinctly shown. The lady, not believing in ghosts, and convinced that she was under an hallucination, put out her hand to touch the apparition. She, of course, touched nothing but air. The figure, however, remained for a few minutes, and then retreated towards tho door, and vanished. This experience was repealed on at least three occasions, and the lady kept it secret for fear of creating alarm. However, one day, again in the forenoon, a piercing shriek was heard from the kitchen, and one of the servants was found lying in a fit. She averred that an exactly similar apparition had passed through the kitchen a few minutes before. Tho apparition was seen once afterwards by a third person, but did not subsequently recur. The Leader's Vancouvor correspondent, under dato July 26, forwards a grisly ad venture which reads like a piece of Western newspaper fiction, as, perhaps, it iB :— Miss Maud Dranston, who resides on Kootenay Lake, in the far eastern part of British Columbia, set out, along with her intended husband, J. A. Carson, and her relrtives, on board the steamer Klondike, for Bonner'a Ferry in the adjoining state of Idaho, there to get married. As the boat passed the house of the preacher who had originally undertaken to perform the cere mony,but had failed to put in cm appearance, they saw the rev. gentleman a prisoner on the roof of his submerged residence. The valley had become flooded by the sudden rise of the river- The parson was rescued and taken aboard. While he was chang ing his wet clothes the steamer made a brief stop .v at Rice's landing, where two fresh passengers came aboard with a rough pine coffin containing the remains of James Carter, who bad been drowned in the river the day before. When the preacher came on deck in dry clothes the young couple said they would have the marriage take place there and then. The ceremony had proceeded almost to the point where the clergyman would declare them man and wife, when two dogs, which began to fight, upset the flimsy pine coffin, the foil breaking it open. One glance at the dead man's features and the bride gave a scream and swooned away in the arms of the groom. Tbe corpse was that of a former lover to whom Bhe had beeu engaged to be married. When she recovered, however, she decided to pro ceed with the ceremony, declaring that neither ghoatB nor corpses should prevent her from becoming Mrs. CarsoD. When the Duchess Eugene of Leuchten berg, nde Skobelew, died a few days ago without children (says Vanity Fair of July 20) it was found that she had left her splendid jewellery (the envy and ad miration of St. Petersburg) to Count Be lewskoi, whom the papers simply de scribed as the son ot the Grand Duke Alexis. This particular uncle of the Czar happens to be a confirmed bachelor of 50, and certain persons are puzzled as to his being the father of a young f'eliow holding sorno status in Russian society. It is, indeed, a story of romantic interest. Bo fore Alexis came of age he fell in love with Alexander Jukowski, a maid o{ honor at his mother's court, nnd a lady of much personal attrncdon, though somo what his 'senior. She was of good family, and would yield to nothing less than a i ? v ^ ? clandestine marriage. Within a year & son revealed the secret ; the Holy Synod* without more ado, decreed the union hull and void, eirice it was contracted without the Czar's consent. Mademoiaell© Ju dowski, not long afterwardB, married a Saxon officer, Baron Wohrmann, and still as bis wife at Wiesbaden. The boy was brought up until 1884 under the name of Sedgiano, but Alexander III., afc his father's entreaty, issued-, his' ukase, con fering on hiin the title of Count Belew skoi, and permitting him to use Alexis aa bis baptismal name. He is an officer in the Sumski regiment at Moscow, and not long ago he married a daughter of PrinceaB Liea TroubetBkoi. Hia wife will have a parure of princely magnificence. Miss Addie Phillips, a beautiful heiress, has created a great sensation by eloping with the family coachman (reports the New 5fork correspondent of the Daily Mail, under date July 20). The bride is aged 18, and belongs to a family of high standing. She was living with her uncle at Swampscott in Maosachusetts. The ?' coachman, Ben Kennedy, is a young Irish man of 26, and of very humble connections. The couple had been secretly attached for a long time. Kennedy, being a Catholic, recently secured a special dispensation for the marriage from Archbishop Williams, of Buston, his fiancee being a Methodist. The couple went to Salem, and were mar ried at a priest's house ; they then went home together, and announced the mar* riage to the uncle, who immediately dis charged Kennedy. The uncle attempted to keep his niece from her young husband, but she escaped, and they departed together. The bride's fortune, amounting to 7,000,000 dollars, is held in trust by tbe uno'e, who intends to deprive her of her allowance until she comes of age. Kennedy is poor, and has several relations to support. 