Bishop Murray at Krambach. A HEARTY WELCOME. As his Lordship Bishop Murray approached Kram bach, the Catholic people of tbe district went out to meet him— some in vehicles, others on horseback. As his Lordship drove along he got a very hearty wel come from them all, and after a little inquiry about themselves and their families, his Lordship drove to the church to commence his usual work of visitation in examining the children for confirmation, at which he was kept very busy till late on Saturday Night : and on Sunday morning he had the great pleasure of administering the Sacrament of Holy Communion to seventy-five people. After the 11 o'clock Mass his Lordship conferred the Sacrament of Confirmation on the young aspi rants, and explained to them very clearly the obliga tion they contracted that morning, by receiving the Holy Ghost, the Third Person of the Most Adorable Trinity. He then spoke of the great love Our Divine Lord has for us, by instituting the Sacrament of Penance and the Blessed Eucharist, and the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass. On the latter his Lordship dwelt for some time, giving most convincing proofs from the Gospel of St. John, and from the writings of the Fathers of the Church. He then urged on all tho people never to lose Mass, except in the case of necessity. He then very clearly laid down the great desire Holy Church has that her children should frequently approach the Sacraments of Penance and the Most Holy Eucharist. After explaining to the people the necessity they are under of approaching the Sacraments of Penance and Holy Eucharist, he explained very clearly the Catholic doctrine on the necessity of prayer, quoting the short and pithy words of St. Liguiri : ' If we pray, we shall save our soul ; but if we neglect prayer, we shall lose our soul.' After that his Lordship passed on to the necessity of devotion to the Blessed Virgin, if wo want to save our souls. Ho explained very clearly tho Catholio dootrine on devotion to the Mother of God, showing from hoth tho Old and New Testaments how she was selected by tho Three Divine Persons from all eter nity to bo the Mother of the Second Person made man. He then quoted from the Gospel of St. Luke, how the Holy Ghost inspired her to proclaim her own greatness : ' From henceforth all generations shall call mo blessed.' Ho showed how foolish it would bo for a person to say they love God, but despise His Blessed Mother. He then exhorted every Catholic family to say her holy rosary every night, and that it would be a great means to proscrvc them from sin, and help very much to save their souls. At the end of this most impressive and in structive sermon, his Lordship gavo his blessing, after which tho people left the church. At 7 p.m. a large number of people collected for evening devotion. His Lordship gave out tho Holy Rosary, after which he preached a most important and instructive sermon on the Dootrine of Purgatory, showing very clearly, from both the Old und Now Testaments, and from tho writings of the early Fathers of tho Churoh, that it is the duty of the people to pray always for their deceased friends, and after tho sermon, Benediction of the MoBt Blessed Sacrament was given ; and at the end of the devo tions tho following address was road by Mr. John Joseph Gallagher : — Mv Lord, — It is with feelings of the greatest love and pleasure that wc, the Catholio people of Kram bach, welcome your Lordship onoo more nmongstus. For moro than a quarter of a century your Lordship has presided over the once vast Diocese of Maitland, and notwithstanding the distance and tbo great in convenience your Lordship had to encounter in the early days of your episcopacy, from impassable roads and swollen rivers and creeks, still your Lord ship never forgot the scattered children in this remote part of the Diocese of Maitland, and now my Lord under your guidance it must be very S 'easing to your Lordship to see the groat strides oly Church is making at Krambach. Less than u decade ago Krambach was very insignificant, but now, thank God, wc can boast of having a branch of the good, zealous, and self-sacrificing Sisters of St. Joseph amongst us, who impart to our children a good, sound religious and secular education, as oan be scon from tho lato report of the Rev. School Inspootor. Now under Almighty God wo owe all this to your Lordship's zeal and fatherly love for hoth us and our children. Wo can assure your Lordship that notwithstanding how rcmote-Tvo aro from your paternal euro, we yield to no Catholic iu tho Diocese of Maitland in love and deepest respect for your Lordship, aDd wo need not telLyou lipw thankful wo are to God that Ho in His diviuo wisdom bus brought you over your long and severe illness ; and hoping that He will grant your Lord ship many long and happy years to como. to guide the destinies of Holy Church in tho Dioccso of Maitland, and hoping that your Lordship will yet often visit us — begging your Lordship to accept our liumblo offering, wo would sincerely wish it were much larger, but it is in accordance with our means ; and knowing it is the good wishes your Lordship values most, we affectionately BBk your Lordship's blosBing on ourselves, our children, and our homes. His Lordship made the following reply : — Mx Deaepy Beloved Brethren, — Wlion I came amongst you I did not expect to receive any ad drcBS, much less a testimonial. I came here to dis charge an important duty, to give confirmation to your children, and sec your wants provided for. ,It gives great encouragement and consolation to a Bishop to see that the people appreciate tho blessings which he brings with him. I am deeply grateful to you for your kindness and generosity, and very thankful to God for having placed under my charge suoh an excellent people, amongst whom religion is making great progress. I remember when passing through Krambach some years ago, not remaining at all, as there were very few Catholics hero then. It was then called Larry's Flat. Since then the Catholic population has increased, and now you have in your midst a Convent, Church and Sohool, which according to the ltev. Father O'Donohue's report, ranks amongst flic best schools in tho Dioceao. Now, you thank me for providing you with tho means of giving your children a sound Catholic education, but there are others too whom you have to thank ; Father M'Goff, who labored so zealously to spread religion amongst you, who is now working in another mission, and whom you should never forget. Your Priest assisted ine very much in providing yon with this school, and now that you have It I am glad that you appreciate the blessings of religious odueation for your children, but I am sorry to find that some of the Catholios do not act with the spirit of the church. Our Divine Lord said scandals must neoessarily oomo, It seems a strange saying, hut in His own school He had a traitor amongst His Apostles, So do not lie surprised that there are traitors amongst you. I hope our Lord will change the hearts of those foolish people. It is not the occasion for saying severe things to you, hut great sacrifices have been made to maintain tho Catholio schools, and I cannot hut refer to (the fact that some among you do not appreciate such a great blessing. About soventy-fivo received Holy Com munion this morning. It gratified mo to hear that nearly tho whole congregation received Holy Com munion. When a Pnost travels twenty, thirty or forty miles at a time, to say Mass, and instead of having the whole congregation lie has ouly a part, it is very-didituraglng, and worries bim more than all bo has to do for a week. This cannot bo said of you, my dear brethren, asyou attend Mass regularly, and go to the Sacrament frequently. Father Foley has told me personally of your goodness. I am very glad to say you kept me very busy yoBtorday, and hope when I come to visit you again, which I trust I will, you will keep ino ongagod in the same way. ^Wishing you all a vory Happy Now Year, now_ I will give you my blessing. You have tho rain, whioh is a great temporal blessing, and you have my blessing nnd the blessing of God, whioh I wish you all. — Comnumicaletl. Egan's West Kempsey Hotel is declared by all visitors to be themoat comfortable home on the North Coast. With its 30 spacious and woll-furnishcd rooms, good table and moderate ehargos, it should command the prinoipal trado in the district.* Good gold is being obtained at Gira, New Guinea, where there is much sickness. Five Europeans and several carriers have died lately. Certainly the best moaicine known is Sander and Sons' Eucalypti Extract, Test its eminently power ful effoots in ooughs, colds, Influenza— tho relief is instantanoous. In serious cases, and aooldGnts of all kinds,, be they wounds, burns, ecaldnigs, bruises, sprains, 'it is the safest remedy— no swolling, noiur flammation. Hike surprising effoots produced in oroup, diphtheria, bronchitis, inflammation of the lungs, swellings, eto. ; diarrhoea, dysentery, diseases of the kidneys and urinary organs. In use at hos pitals and medieal clinios all over the globe ; patron* lsed by his Majesty tho King of Italy ; crowned with medal 'and diploma at International Exhibition, Amsterdam. Trust is this approved artiole, and re jaot all others. 