A REPENTANT GHOST, j 'Bo you actually believe iu ghosts?' re {narked Charlie Beavers.interrogatively,witb an amount of flippancy -? bis tone, Md an sinUsed ' smile on bis rather boyish face, to hi* elder aad more sedate friend Kobeit Forder, ?« they sat ? togetbarin tbe former's oorofortabl» bachelor rooms one evening towards tbo/ilose of the last month of Ihe year, discussing a ehoice stood at whisky {judiciously commingled with poUts). anil blowing curly blue wreaths fromunim »acnable«igar«; 'lam bound to believe iu them,' replied Ibe other iu all seriousness ' What P Oo you mean to say that you hare ?em one P'1 ?? Decidedly ; I may say 1 almost owe my wife to a Spook.' *? Come. I say. old man, draw it a little mild I' ' I'll tell you the story if you like. But mind, Ivory rarely mention tbe subject.' 1 don't care about it talked about anywhere and everywhere. You understand?' : ? ; . ~x'~* ' ' ' Perfectly,' «id Charlie, all eagerness for the recital. ' Uo ahead. I'll be as mum as B-s-a what's its name.' _ '? .;.-??. '. '.:??'.-?? ' Well, you, must kaow before I secured -througn the iBfiucuceof my father-iu-Uwj my |»Sienti6sia-m.'*i ri^ajft^^^tablBnt 1 was pursuing the calling of aa aoconntant in Carchester. After three years' hard labour I began to fed my feet aad think i might vrnlure to *Bk a certain yauag lady to share my future lot. 1 wsa tolerably sure that I shouW meet with bo rebuff from my darling, but there wa» a stern parent to be reckoned -with. ,'. -?' .' 'I had made tbe. acquaintance uf Mr. Matthew Turnover, be»d ot toe respected and old crusted bankiBg-house : of Turnover . Bro tbers,and Checkwell, through ordinary busin«a intetconrse, and we became in-lims on quite, intimate terms, I frequently spent my 8un-: days at his charming residence in Ihe park He had an only daughter. Eleanor. Thereslyou will .readily understand. Wei], I put the momentous quettioa to the dear girl and achieved the success I plead guilty to have been vaia enough to anticipate. '» Then followed the ' inevitable interview with papa. He evinced o» surprise when I told him my tale, «s many fathers do after being themselves the prime movers in bringing tvo impressionable youmr pesple together. ' He was straightforward enough.' Told m», al though be had certainly, cherisbedmon ambi- tions views for his only child, it was not his in tention to try t» enforce his idtas if they were likely to interfere with his daugh ter's happiness. Still, he was bound to consider the important ques tion of ways and aaeans, and though be admitted I bad made. rapid and anbitanLial progress in my profession— if such -it could be called— he at the same time did not consider the income I was then earning sufficiently large to justify ma in. taking' upon myself the res-, poiisibility of a wife and probable contingencies. ' He wound up by saying : ' ' Although Eleanor. ' as you know, is an only child, she will not materially benefit through me on her marriage, as it is my fixed intentiou to withdraw ad sum of consequence from the bank. 'My sbarersf tbe profits— ex- cept so much of it as I require to live upon — remains in the concern until my time comes for quitting this world, then, of course, Eleanot will inherit what I shall leave behind me. But, God be thanked, I am well and hearty, and may rusoaably look forward to ten or fifteen years longer of useful life. My advice therefore to you, is go on working as you have done hither to, aud, in three years say, you can broach tbe subject again, and if EUy -should be still in the same mind regarding yourself, why we may perhaps see if matters cauuot be arranged. In the meantime, there will ba — at all events oo my part— no difference in our friendship ; there's my hud upon it.' . ..?-,, ' You may guess I did not feel extravagantly jubilant over the arrangement. Three yean seemed an awful long time to wait. Bnt I had the fullest faith in Eleanor's coaatancy. How ever, I will get oa to the finish; I don't wish to bore you with too many personal details. ' About eight months had gone by, when one dry is tbe middle of December, Mr. Turnover hastily entered my unpretentious office. The old gentleman appeared greatly agitated, and it was some moments after being seated that he was able to speak. ' I anxiously inquired if be were ill, or was anything wrong at home P ' ' No — no one ill,' be said, slowly. ' The bauk has been robbed.' ?? ? Sobbed !' I exclaimed. * Phew ! Hare the thieves been caught ?' ?? ' You don't uaderstand. The -robbery is from inside. The chief cashier.' * ' 'Wbat ! Btadley t' I cried, in the greatest astonishment. ' Ibe peccant cashier was a Suaday school tea er, regular chapel-goer, and I don't know what besides. ' ' Ay ! Tbe saiooth-tongued hypocrite,' said Mr. Turnover, with considerable emphasir * Aud he's got a good twenty-four-hours' start Be Wis away on short leave.' ' ? What is the amount ?' I arked.,. ' ' A very considerable sum in convertible securities unfortunately. Anything like tbt exact amount, however, is not yet known. Thai is raainly why I have come to you.' '; ? ??'To me?' '?Yes. . I wast- yon to come to the bauk. aod go through the books— his books, you know — as expeditioualy as possible. We wish to keip the affair secret— tbat is, as long as possible. Will you come r ?' And Mr. Turnover regarded me anxiously ' Then thinking, pnbaps, I seemed to hesi tate, be added, eigsificantly, ' It may be worth yiur while.1 ' ' I am at yonr service, Mr. Turnover,' I ib st»nt)y replied. * When do you wish me to be gin ?' . . ? ' j ?? ? To-night. Are you willing to work Uto ? I moao.in fact.all night if neotssary f Will you do me this favour ?' ' ? You may command me in any way you like, Mr. Turnover,' I said. Truth to tell, an ideaflast.ed across my mind that I might decide to ask a favour of him io return after the preseut annoying business was over and dom with. ' My future father ia-law rose from his scat,' saving: ' ? I am very pleased yon have consented to help me so readily, because we can rely upon your discretion and absolute silence.' I bowrd. '? ' Then meet me ia Uuke- atreet, by the Cosmopolitan Hole),' at six sharp, and we will uo to Ihe bank together.' ' I was at toe place appointed just is the first stroke af the hour rang out on the cl- ar frosty air, aud was almost immediately joined by M.r. Turnover. ' As soon, as we were seated in the bank par lour Mr. Turnover binded me a ietter.remarking that the missing Bradley had caused it Io be delivered in a somewhat mysterious manner. -? When I read the note Mr. Turnover asked my epinion of it. I said : ?? ?Tbefellowisoool certainly ,but I infer from what be writes— if it is tbe truth, of course that there has been nosyslematicemlwBzlement going forward for some time ; that, in fact, he committed the theft in a sudden fit of tempta tion. I see be mentions sixty- tight thousand.' ' ? Yes, that is quite enough without ths probability of more having to be added to it. I truit your surmise will turn out correct. Let us get to work without delay.' ??We worked unremittingly till ten, failing to discover any defalcations beyond those al ready known. Tblswasaafarsa&raetoJ;?ti»t - Mr. Turnover coufeueu he Jdtmuob relieved and suggested an adjournment to a neighbour ing flrat-olasa botel-his stub being too fax, - away— to retirmt exhausted nature. * 'We were let out by the bank sareUker *'' through a small aids door, aod told him to te* main up till we returned. , - . ?'Having done instaoe to as excellent little ooJd maok, wished down by abottteofvtrv - exoeUsnt port, 1 told my companion there was noosed whatever for him to go ba&tothe; bank -with m*, as I could; do well enough with out him-at all event* for the remainder of tbat night. He assented, telling me not to stay very late. ' When! got to the bank, I set to my task . with renewed vigour, .still failing t* discover extended evidsnoe of jcoSlt m the absconding cashier's book. By this Ume, .arttBnghtbe night was sold outside, the man t was working in began, by reason nf ihe many gmn jtts burn ing, to grow, uncomfortably warm. .1 began.to ? feel drowsy, *nd at a quarter-past twtive by the small clock on the mantelpiece, 1 dropped ;, '. into an iovitiBg easy ohair, and felt extremely like dropping as well into a prolonged dole, but '45 agaioBt»heincliuBaonbyraisii.ginyheaVyey« ii^sai^^-toterials.'-M^;, ;^--:-/'^;%g ^ lbt*rfl a neighDouringohureb clock boom f»rth the midnight hoar, and. ?pening my eye«, ?. forteble|K*ittoniTith^Binte^on'flt^ming ;i bound in;jny aeat, -&!&&$$& before me a tew J jurtorimto, appeared- the spectral form of Weatoot*Bradley,*beiief»ultmgca.hler. ; ^' ' ' There was asad-t might almost describe .' ' it «:;^;^*astene4iik^«tihe ghastly iace &Mi; tbougb tile spirit was experiencing {irofoand oonteition for some misdeea the body had asm. - flirted during We. ' , *':I once more dosed my eyes, thinking that when I looked again tbe thing would have van ished. But no! There wa« the shadowy figure Commencing -to Tetreal slowly backwards, its ; traaspannt arm raised; the Stables* hand with : its boay fingers bwkqniog me to follow. It re minded me of Hamlet. and tbe (host oa the-: castle, ramparts, only 1 assure you I felt jrtecious little .like to* Impetuous Priiice ; I required as holding back. I tried to sneak 'but the words I .framed 'with my dry lips were inaudible e.ven-to myself. As soon as the shadtt : waohedthe open ijoor- leading into the maisl . room, I arose mechanically as though impelled! by some unseen power, and went with bated ... breath after tbe still slowly retreating apparit tibn. It continued to wave its ghostly band until tiie massive iipn door .which led to tW* vault below, where itbetVufl^in and. *ecuriti»* were' kept in huge rkfesjor ratiier strong noal. was reached. 1 quite t-xpected to see tbe fiturei melt away in tbr orthodox; manner. But * trifling obstruction of this kind was oe barrie4 to the melancholy spirit of the poccant'cashierl With an intense lingering last look of angulsn and a final wave «f the atm more emphatio that* previously, it (imply, .as it seemed to my be wildered gaae, backed through the solid iror .J work. I can assure you 1 felt considerably re* lieved on being rid of the; apparition. ' Furthen work was, 'of cBUrte, out of tbB'queatton, so £ summoned the caretaker to let jneont ^imparW ia; nothing' 'whatever, to him regarding th«V strange experience I had jnst gone through. J ' Next morning I called upon Mr. Turaoveq! before he left home, aud recounted to him whatt had taken place ia his bank the nights befor»» I was not to' the least aurpiised-attny story be. ing rrceived witb a smile of incredulity. ' ? My dear Forder,' said the.-wortby, bnt on* believiog-hanker, ' you, of course, fell asleep v\ Hie chair and dreamed all this.' ''Nothing of the kind, 1 assure you, M5r\ Turnover,' I answered, warmly. '?Still, the old gentleman remained oncoto vinoed.' .' ' 'Remember,' he went on banteringly, ' yoq had partaken of supper and wins— generoon'. old port f ' V However, to bring my story within reason able bounds; I will just say that by the time w-* had arrived at the bank I had almost convince** Mr. Turnover that I had seen the ghost of Lid delinquent, servant ; and -he agreea,,B,tvjhy re quest, that we should visit tbe vVnlt teJftthHi, ' though surely,' observed he, ' you don't etpecti - to encounter Tpur sad-faced Spook again, so early in th« day ?? '. '' . ' When we had got down below and. turneoX op the gas, Mr. Turnover pcocreded to opt tt two .large. upright sarr« itaaainj^ against the? wall. ' ; ' ? Everything Beems as usual,' he remarked.: after sotv-ying the iateriors 'Your spirift evidently had us particular tale to unfold, evei\ if you kari.' been able to accompany him here^. lttfctaight.' ?' ? Why did it beckon to me bo earnestly, in this dinction?' t 'rematkrd. ' Bjr the way,' I added quickly, as my sceptical compauioB _ went U-out' securing1 tbe safes again,* what of the big one over there to the left ; artn't you going to opea that ?' ?' ' Ob,' he aa'swcred.^arelessly,' ? that is an old one not in use ; has not been opened, a* should say.for several yean. It is empty.' ' 'I suppof e there is no objection to me bar ing a peep.iaside !'? * : '-. ?%? .'ag'. ' ' Not the slightest. There w'Sietoylon tbe waUthere!' . .„.,.' *? r - ; .^ /* .?' ' I handed it to him, and heat once inserted it in tke lock, while I stead by ready to pull the massive door aside: -' 'Dear me,' remarked Mr. 'I urnovej.'io sur prise, as ihe, wards worked quite eaitly, *I certainly expected some difficulty.' '. ''? 'I pulled at the heavy door*/ which'swuog quite smoothly, just as if it had been F opened daily with the othen. ' _ ?,, .\\_t..-.y ' Tbe next moment an exclamation of horrified surprise fell from the banker's lips, aa be started back several paces from before tile front of the safe. ' I instantly sprang forward from behind the pondeiqns door, and followed the. direction of my father-in-law's dilated eyes. ?' Well might the old gentleman be strongly affected! , '^ ' . ; - . ' There, on the ' circumscribed space of tbe floor of the safe, (ay the hufldled figure of « . man. His face was distorted and horrible to look upon ! Tbe staring eyeballs and prottud ing tongue showed how he had met a horrible death by auffooatioB. ' ' ' * Bradlty !'' I 'exclaimert, as .' sosu ss I oould find breath enough. . .' ? Yrs, it is Westoott Bradley.Uaid Mr. Turnover, in a lowly, husky wLuper. ?? There wbb no doubt about it'. The sioken ing speotasle upon whioh he gated constituted the mortal remains of the man who had be trayed tbe trust wpused in him by 'his! employ ers. Wben the body came to be removed to a place to await : the Coroner's mquiry, sevtral strong bulky leatherwpocket-books containing the proceeds iBttot of the cashier.'* 'appropria- tions were discovered, do tbe bank really lost nothing, and I gained a loving wife a good deal sooner than 1 should otherwise . bare done. Mr. Turnover was kind enough to say that,aa I ' had been the means of recovering the bank's missing securities, 1 ought to have my reward. I got it, and have never regretted for a single moment taking it. Nothing much was elioittd at tbe inquest except the information yiat, the lock of tte diB-used strong room worked spring wise, and it was conjectured /that JSrad ley, who had evidently been using the safe' (ur bis awn purposes, had opened the deor, thsn bung up the key in Its -a-!customed place, gone Inside, and in a moment of forgetfulneas let tbe door come on the spring, aofl so^'ado the receptacle for oqnoa»ling b& pluoa-r^Jiis living 