A Time to Dance. We ehave been asked to reprint tile following well-known tract : A ball havingoccurred in the parish of a worthy minister, at a season of peculiar seriousless among the youth of his pastoral charge, and many of them, from conscien. tious motives, having declined to attend, their absence was attributed, erroneously, to tihe influence and interference of their pastor, who, in consequence, received the following anonymous note : "Sir,-Obcy the voice of Holy Scripture. Take the following for your text, and coo. tradlet it. Show in what consists tile evil of that innocent amusement. Eccles. iAi.4,' A time to weep, and a time to laugh, a time to mhurn, and a time to dance.' "A TrtUc CIRISTIrAN, oUT NO IIYI'OCRITR." Tihe minister immediately wrote the fol lowing reply, thinking it might meet tihe eye and correct the opinions of the writer of the noto Annd ollrthe: " My dear Sir,-- Your request that 1 should preach ronm Eccles. iii. 4, I cannot comply with at present, since there are seome Chris tian duties more aqllortant than dancirng which a part of my people seem disposned to neglect. Whioncver I perceive, however, that the duty of dancing is too much neglec tei, I shall not fall to raise a warning voice against so dangerous an omission. In the meantime, there are cnltain difficulties int the text which you commeand to my notice, the Soluiiotn of nwhich t riouri recicvu with gratitude from ' true Chlristian.' " y filst dilliculty respects the time ufo dancing; for, although the text declares that there is a time to dance, yet when that time is, it does not determine. Now, this point I wish to ascertain exactly, before I preach upon the subject ; for it would he as criminal, I conclude, to dance at the wrong time, as to negtcct to dance at the right time. 1 have hot unahlue to satisfy myself, in some par ticulars when it is nut 'a time to dance.' We shall agree, t presume, that on tie tSabbatil day, or at a funeral, or during tihe prevalence of a pestilence, or il tile rocking of an earthquake, or tie roaringofa thunder. storm, it t'ould beu no Lime to dance. If we were condemned to die, and wern xvitnmg in prison the day of executiuon, this would be no time for dancing ; and if our feet stood on a sliitppery Iplae beside a precipice, we should not tdare to dance. i" But suippose tile very rday to he asccr tained : is thie wole day, or only n part, to be devote. to this amuson ent l And if a part of the doy onlty, thie which r art is' tire imne to danc 1 From the notoriously per nieious eraects of ' ighl t mn tinga' in all Arges past, both upon nlortaI alnt i alth, to Oe willtrretcnd that tile eoveing is tile 'time to daurce'; aln perhap it troay not be im material which mortion of the daylight is devoter to that nolellt anmusement. Biut allowit g tihe time to he areertairned, thiere is still all obslrity iu tile text. Isit a com luand to dance, or only, ia perm[sioun Or is it trerely ar deolaratiout tme fact that, us metn ar constt teti tiere is a time wilco all the evenls alLdcil is In tihe text dr, in thie province of lod, come to poess 1 If thoe text be a clrlntani, it is of unIlllivcrreil obli. gntin alnt munst ohl oten and m?aidenr , young men aRd childlren, drance obhdlien t If a I rmicsion, does it imply a permissiou also to relrair, frolo doltCrirf, if ciroy are dis= kiinpd Or, if the text he inerely a declara tion that there is a t'me when men do anler, as there is a tiar Wiietu they die, then I moigfht rs well he requested to taok tile lirst ight verses of tire chapter, nd show ir nwhat consists tie ovilu of thesw llnocellt practieo If h trng, and nlhakia war, aed killiui met , for which, it seems fromn the text, thre is ' etilnus' r well as for dancing. !lr ere is still another difficulty in tihe text, wlichl juot'new oeccur to me. vWhat kind of daieing dsortith text intend I for it is ccrtainiy a matter of touemaril ceosquenoe to ra true Chriutia,' to dunre o an Scriltual manller, uts well as at a iseriptual timoe. SNor, to avoid tamitakeo on a point of truch imiortallcu, I lave cntruited tie pnas angen ill tei Itiule i wisic ulsueak of darcit tilhe moat mortant of weidh permit int to obhmit to your inslpection. "Exod. xv. 2i: 'And Miriam the pro 1eites?, tue iroter of Aarou. took a timbrel it her hand ;and all tile women Wrent out after er, witih tinritrl aud with dances.' This was on account uf tie overthrow of the Egyptriiea In the itcd Oen. "Judges xi. 34: Tihe daugiterof Jdrtrhthah came outto meet hiint with timrre anlid witrh laneces.' T'lis wans also on auccount of a victory over tho enemies of Israel. " Judgesxxi. 2t1 : Th yearly feast in Shi luh was a feast onto the lnrd, in which the daugitcrs of Shiloh wernt forth in dancnes. This was done as a act of religiousra worshi . " 2 Sans. vl. 14 nld 20 'Atld Dan d danced hbefo, the Lord with all hi might.' But tile irreligious Mlichl ' came out to meet David, arnd said, flow glorious was the Iing of lsraelto-dtny, whl uncovnred himself to-tiday in the eyes of the iandmids of his servants, as one of the vain fellows shamelessly uri covercth himself I' Dancing, it seems, was o sacred Iite, antd was usually performed ty women. At tlatdoy, it was perverted from its sacred use by none but ' vain followe,' destitute of shamln. David vindicates Ilm self from Ilns Irony, by saying,' It was before tee .ore' ; admitting that had this Iot obeen the coeu, hler rebuke would have bell meritedl And Danld skippeds h ~ Tre lnu rrew wonrt comcth frot air, tsinifying a lamb which in going outward, f "'ppeti and lenasath.] tlltdertaut this not crnally or according to the natnir of tire children of thios world i but out of mere holy npiritual joy or glad. ne?s, which the aloly Ghost kindled In his heart at the feelirlg of the pure worship of God aud the divine (or godly) types andi tokcns of tile saving grace onf eur Lord Jesun Christ. (Fronl the Dutch annotations,) " 1 Sam. xviii.6O : On nAccount of the victory ofnul uand David over the liltstines, ' the women c.me out of all the cities t Israel sinegingl aill dancing.' " L'salm cxlx. 3 :' Lot thrm praise ifin ram illt theu dance.' l'slm xxx. 11 : 'Thou bas turned for my mourning illto dleillg.' lTh dnulive raone here porCken of was it recovery from nlekllce, and the daun elrg all exllrcutol of rctiglous gratitune a: d joy. ' Exod. xxxii. 16: As stn as lie came I tll rInto the camnlI hl swI tit cail anr thts lalritng.' ttooa tills it auppears tlhat danclg wda ora l-or i hd worship. "Jer. xxxi. .: 1Oh, Virgln of Istnel, th' slihalt i agair, be aulrte,.id with tihy tarete?, atoI go foluril ill lr allce of thint llltat nobi llrerry. 'I'lls lrnausgtr predieta the re tulrl, flcrth ciaptivity, ItAt L te restoration of thie liille f.trvour, willth tihe ettlltS ?nrtot ex pte-itn of rclgitc'us j'ry. \- Matt. xi. Ii : 'We have pipelt uo t you. osel ye h.ve iunt dancerI : we h.ve nlelrt nelluictet you, lti ye Itave not lrnert tel.' That is, nIlether tihe jdllimlrts nar itie illercie of God pro loced illy cllfct upon the illelrrigitilcgcnuratiot. hilcyneitllcr mourn whlell alled to rllrOtrllimr bIy Ilis proyidencc, nor rj,)ico with tile ualrt Itolensof religiours joy, wlhen h t mercies dcm tltd their grati tutle. "Luke xo. "25 r Now his elder seon wats itl tile iold i lrd as lie clotc, alnd idrew nigh ullla, tile Illtru'r,i eirhrirtllrrrie uritllt dollt.ll?. 'rThe returnt of tire irelignl wrac a joyful eveltt, fr wiichr tire grectefol forirer, uc cortillg to tlhe uoeg crf thde Jewish Churcoi ulld tile cxaulol ttio tf trie I'ealmeit, ilraeiol "Ecules. iii. t : . A timnro tnoure anon a lilrse trr dlntrce.' Since the fCoieh] Uhurchi boerIv Ilot llbngOf daoeilleg, eceept as a re ligious ceremoery, or an en ealtreooion rrf gtalitudu and praroe, the tcxt is a declnntlion thot the perettdenceotu Cod sometimes do inallrs Irlllurnilg, aud sometimes gloldcoc endrt gratitude. . Matt. fir: l iot wben Iferod's birth-day wah kctt, tlce launithcr ef I lerodiun tdnccl heoore them, aurti plctsred Ilerour.' It thit eert dtncielgt was ptevcrted from its ,riginal ttriject to pir srutsitoofenit nad ostentatioer. ' Job onl. 7•'Wh lur'fsore do the wlcked lice, Inrorne onlt, ycu, ate rigllhty its power ," Vreco II, :1-15 : ' They soul{l forth thcii little otes like a Ilock, atd their clilrun drrllcc. T'bey stend their days In wehltil, uttid ill a nltmont go down to the grave. TIlcrefore they say uoto (od, Deplart froln ne4, for ne desire lcst the knowlcdge ref Thy ways. Wihat is the Almighrty thut we houl nere' Ilth I eotd what Irretit sotal ne hate, ilfwtcove,ifWe uray ULrtO Iliml' Tllcir -eandh sd doucLutlllg ar n nasi.l'ed an the r?towonu[ their seyineg unto ??il, D'e, art from us,' allo ref their not dlosirillg thle nrew ledge f Ili teyn., non not delighting to sorrv, Iim, or ,tray to Ilim. " Iti nt to iteeedtuf tiuotatiuos, it nill •olnici :otig anewc,,r. 'tI Tant latnernrg w oo re egirgtruu net, both ,r fuhrrttru ,111r1 tjui-, ?t worsiplr. j,,-ful ....rci,..rioutt.. shele Os 'e' fretirreult ,r negrretOwtrie . t' "3. That it is was performed by maidens only. " 4. That it was performed usuallyin the daoytime, in thie open air, in the highways, fields, or groves. "5. That men who perverted dancing from sacred use to purposes of amusement were deemed infamouo. "f4. That no aInsltanee o dancing are found upon record in thellible in which the two sexes united in the exercise, either as an act of worship oramusement. "'7. That there is no instance upon re cord of social dancing for amusemnhl, ex cept that of ' vain fellows,' devoid of shame ; of the irre'igious families, described by Joh, whien produced increased impiety, and end. ed in destruction; and of Ilerodiis, which terminated in therastl vow of IHerod, and the murder of John the Baptist."-Tract re. printed. 