Sermon for Saodaj. Our Own Dear Shepherd. By tiie Late Rev. 0. H. Spubgkon. I nui tlic good Shepherd, and know My sheep, and urn known of Mine. Ah tho Father knowoth Mo, even ho know I tho Father ; and I lay down My lite for the aliecp.— John x. 11, 15. Tho text in its nutural form should read, 44 1 ain tho prood Shophoid ; and I know Mine own, and Mine own know Mo, ovou as tho Father knowoth Mo, and I know tho Father ; and I lay down My lifo for the sheep." This rending is that of tho Revised Version. For that Revised Version I have but little cure as a rule, holdiug it to. bo by no mcuns an improvement upon our coinmou Authorised Version. It is a useful thing to havo it for private refcrcueo. But on this occasion the Revised Version is truo to tho original. Ho who speaks to us in theso words is tho Lord Jesus Christ. He speaks, and speaks about Himself. It wero not seemly for mo, or for you, to extol our selves ; but thero is nothing more comely in tho world than for Christ to commend Hiinsolf, und when He speukctli forth His own glory, wo fed Unit His speech is not vain glory ; nay, rather, when IIo praises Himself, wo thauk Him for so doing, aud admiro the lowly condescension which permits Him to desire aud accept honour from such poor heurts as ours. 1\. Think of Christ as the Shepherd. The Eastern shepherd is generally tlio owner of the flock, or at least the son of the owner, and so tho proprietor in prospect. Tho sheep arc his own. English shephords seldom, or never, own tho. sheep; they urc employed to take oare of them. The Oriental shepherd re members how ho camo into possession of the flock, mid when and whero eaoh of the present sheep was born. His wealth consists in them. He very seldom has much of a house, and he does not usually own much tend. Ho takes his sheep over a jrood stretch of country, which is open common for all his tribe ; but his possessions lie in his flocks. Ask him, 44 How much are you worth W Ho answers, 44 1 own so many sheep." In the Latin tongue the word for money is akin to tho word 44 sheep," because, to many of tho first Romans, wool was their wealth, and their fortunes lay hi their flocks. The Lord Jesus is our Shepherd : we arc His wealth. If you ask what is His heritage, He tells you of "tho riches of tho glory of His inheritance in tho saints." Ask Him what aro His jowels, and lie replies, "They shall bo Mine iii that day."-' If you ask Him whero His treasures are,. He will, tell you, 44 Tho Lord's portion is His people. Jacob is the lot of His inheritance." The Lord Jesus Christ luis nothing that He values as He does His own people. For their sake He gave up all that He .hud. and died on the cross. Tho shepherd, us he owns the flock, is also tho caretaker. Ho takes care of them always. Our Lord Jesus is never off duty. He has constant care of His people day and night. He has declared it — " For Zion's sake will I not hold My pence, and for Jerusalem's sake I will not rest." Ho cau truly say what Jacob did— 44 Iu the day tho drought consumed mo, and tho frost by night." Ho says of his flock what Ho says of His garden, 44 1 the Lord do keep it ; lest any hurt it, 1 will keep it night and day." - Then He has to be tho provider too, for thero is not a woolly head among them that knows anything about the finding and selecting of pasturage: ' Tho season may be very dry, aiid where there ouco was grass there may be liuthiug but a brown powder. It may bo- that- -liorbago- is only to be fouud by the side of the rippling brooks, hero and thero a bit; but the sheep do not know anything about that ; tho shepherd must know everything for them. Tlio shepherd is the sheep's pro vidence. Both for timo and for. eternity, for body and for soul, our Lord Jesus supplies all our needs out of His riches in glory. Ho ia tho great storekeeper from which we derive everything. He lias provided, Ho docs pro vide, and He will provide ; and each one of us may therefore sing, "The Lord is my Shepherd ; 1 Shall not Want." Moreover, Ho has to be the loader. He leads the sheep wherever they have to go. I have often been astonished at the shepherds in the south of France, which is so much liko Palestine, to see where they will tekc their sheep. They follow the shepherd, and away he goes up the steep hillsides, taking long stops, till ho reaches points where tho grass is growing on tho sides of tho hills. IIo knows the way, and the sheep have nothing to do but to follow him wherever lie goes. Theirs not to make the way , theirs not to uhouso the path ; but. theirs to keep cioso to his heels. Do you not see our blessed Shepherd loading your own pilgrimage ¥ Camtolyousec Him guid- mg your way Y Do you not, say, "Yes, He leadoth me, and it is my joy to follow ?" Lend on, blew-ed Lord, and \vj will follow the traces of Thy feet. Tlio shepherd in tbe east has also to bo the defender of the flock, for wolves yet prowl iu those rcgious. AU sorts of wild beasts attack tlio flock, und lie must be to the front. Thus is it with our Shepherd. No wolf can attack us without find iug our Lord iu anns against Him. No lion can roar upon the flock without arousing a greater than David. 44 Ho that kecpeth Israel shall neither slumber nor sloop." Notico that tho text puts au adjective upon tho Shepherd, decorating Him with a chain of gold. Tlio Lord Jesus Him self says, "I am tho good Shepherd " — that is. Ho is not a thief that steals, and only deals with tho sheep as ho bears them from the fold to tho slaughter. Ho is not a hire ling ; He does not do merely what He is paid to do or commanded to do, but He does every thing eon amove, with a willing heart. Ho throws His soul inlo it. There is a tenderness, a willingness, a powerfuluess, a force, an energy, in all that Jesus does, that makes Him to ho tho best possible Shepherd that can be. Ho is the good Shepherd ; good up to tho highest point of .goodness, good in all that is tender, good in nil that is kind, good in all the directions in which a shepherd cau be needed. The Shepherd , the real, tbe truest, the best, tho most sure example of sliephcrdry is the Christ Himself. 2\. Next notice the cotuploto knowledge. The kuowledgo of Christ towards His sheep, and of tho sheep towards Him, is wonder fully complete. First, cousidor Christ's knowledge of Iuh own, und the comparison by which Ho sots it forth : 44 As the Father knowoth Mo." I eaunofc conceive a stronger comparison. Dost thou know how much the Father knows tho Son, who is His glory, His darling, His alter ego, Ilis other self— yea, ouo God with Him ? Dost thou know now intimate tho kuowledgo of tho Father must bo of His Son, who is His uwu wisdom— ay, who is His own self ? Tho Father uud the Sou uro ono Spirit. Wo cannot tell bow intimate ia that knowledge ; and yet so inti mately, so perfectly does tho great Shophord know Hi« sheep. Ho knows their number. Ho will never lose one. Ho wfil count them all again iu that day when tlio sheep shall pass again under tho lmud of Him that tcllcth them, uud thcu Ho will rnuke full tolo of them. 44 Of all that Thou hast given Me, I havo test none." Ho knows their persons. He knows the age aud character of every ono of His own. ' no ussures us thut tho very hairs of our head arc all numbered. Christ luis not an unknown sheep. It is not possible tbat bo should huvo overlooked or Jorgottcu ono of them. Ho has kuoU an intimate knowledge of all. Redeemed with His precious blood— that he never mistakes ono of them for another, nor misjudges otio of them. Ho knows their constitutions— tlioso that aro weak and feeble, those that aro norvous and frightened, those tlmt are strong, those that have u tendency to presumption, thoso that aro sleepy, those time are bravo, those thut aro sick, sorry, worried, or wounded. Ho knows those tlmt aro hunted by the dovil , thoso that are caught up between the- jaws of the lion und shaken till tlio very lifo is almost driven out of them. Ho knows their feelings, fears, and frights. Ho knows our secret ins and outs better than uuy ouo of us knows himself. He knows our trials— the jsjeuliur trial uudor which you uro now bowed down, ray sister ; our difficulties — that special difficulty which suoras to block up your way, my brother, at this very time. AU tho lugredionts of our life-cup uro known to Him. " I know mino own, as tho Father knowoth Me." Tho Rccoud part of tho subject is our kuowledgo of tho Lord, und tbo fact by which it is illustrated. 44 And Miiio own know Mc, evon as I know fcho Father." It is easy for Him to know mc. Tho marvel is that I should evor kuow Him. That such a stupid, blind, doaf, dead soul ns mino should ever kuow Him, and should kuow Him as Ho knows the Father, ia ten thousand mirtwies hi ems Oh, sirs, this is a wonder so great that I do not think you and I have como at it yet to tho full, or else wo should Hit down in glad surprise and, say, 44 This proves Him to ho rhc good Shepherd indeed, not only that He knows His flock, but that Ho has taught them so well that tlioy know Him!" With such a flock as Christ has, that Ho should bo able to train Hi? sheep to know Him, and to know Him as He knows tho Father, is miraculous. 3\. Lastly, note the complete sacrifice. The complete sacrifice is thus described: 44 1 lay down My lifo for tho sheep." Ho did not die for the sheep merely, but He laid down His life, which is another thing. Many a man hasdiedforChrist: it was all thut ho could do. But wc cannot lay down our fives, because they are duo already us a debt of nature to God, and we are not permitted to die at our own wills. Thut were suicidal and improper. With the Lord Christ it was totally different. Ho was, as it wore, actively passive. 44 1 lay down My lifo for tho sheep. I have power to lay it down, and I havo power to take it araiu. This commandment have I received of My Father." I liko to think of our good Shepherd, not merely as dying for us, hut as willingly dying— laying down His fife ; while Ho had that life, using it for us ; and wheu tho time came, putting off that lifo on our behalf. This has now been done. 44 1 lay down My lifo for tho sheep" may .now bo rend, 44 1 have laid down my lifo for tho sheep." For you, beloved, He lius given His hands to the nails, auid His feet to the cruel iron. For you Ho lms Iwnie tho fever and tho bloody sweat ; for you Ho has cried, 44 Eloi, Eloi, lama sabach- ' thani " ; for you Ho has given up tho ghost. And the; beauty of it is that He is not ushuniefl to avow the object of it. 44 1 lay down My lifo for'thc sheep." Whatever Christ did for tho world — and I ain not one of tlio.se who would limit the bearings of the death of Christ upon the world — yet His peculiar glory is, 44 1 luy down My lifo for the shcup." Groat Shepherd, do you mean to say that . you havo died for such as thoso? Whut! for these sheep? Son of : God, infinitely great and iuconcoivahly glorious Jehovah, wouldst Thou lay Thy life downformonandwomonPTheynrenomoro in comparison. with Theothun so inanyantsaud wasps, pitiful and obnoxious creatures. Thou conldst make ten thousand millions of them with a word, or crush them out of existence at one blow of Thy hand. They aro poor thing?, muko t he most you can of them. Thoy havo hard hearts and wandering wills ; and tho best of them aro no bettor than tlioy should be. Saviour, didst Tlion die for such'? Ho looks round, and says, 44 Yes, I did. I did. I laid down My lifo for the sheep. I am not ashamed of them, and I :>m not ashamed to say that I died for them." No, beloved, lie is not ashamed of Ilis dying love. He 1ms told it to His bretlireu up yonder, and made it known to all tlio .servants in His Father's house, and this has become tho song of that house, 44 Worthy is the Lamb that was slain I" Shall wc not take it up and say, " For Thou wast slain, and hast redeemed us to God by Thy blood"? He malms it His boost, wheu He speaks of His chosen, tbat Ho suffered in their stead- that He bore, that they might never bear, the wrath of God on account of sin. What He glories in, wo also glory iu. 44 God forbid that I slumld glory save in the cross of our Lord Jcjsus Christ, by whom tho world is crucified unto me, and I unto the world!" 