I The start which has been made towards 5 coping with toe unemployed difScuity is ! Scot a bad one. The Board at/pointed for Uhe purpose has been diligent, if somewhat IunresoureefsiL Its report is a little pad- ded, and its eleven recommendations are ready only three or io ar, since Xcs. 2, 5, sS and 9 all refer to the State starting re- I lief works as an example to iess enter- prising employers, while others are little j more than variants on these. Indeed, it may be said that no fewer than seven but of its eleven suggestions are demands j upon the State. The Government, for ; example, is asked to hurry on its regular j public works: to start "relief" labor ins j cutting scrub, clearing tracks, thinning j forests, conserving water, planting mar- ! ram grass, improving the docks, stimulat- j ling rabbit trapping, promoting mining and otherwise improving the public estate. I Then the municipalities are tamed to and ' adjured to hurry cn with their expeadi- j ture: and the hospital committees and I cemetery managements which have money j to spend are exhorted in like manner. This sums up the ingenuity cf the Board for the present: and, though there is nothing new or very striking in what the gentlemen composing it have evolved, - it may not, on the whole, be any the worse on that account. Of coarse, Sir George Turner, upon whom as the I house-father of the State the Unem- ; ployed Board has so far shunted the bulk | of its burdens, was quite entitled to his J retorts. He could say, with Horatio, that j there needed no ghosts to come from the | grave, nor Boards from their board rooms, | to hurry on Government works. He was jable to show that last year alone the Go- j remanent spent £2C0,C<I0 in water con- serration, and that, as to_. scrub cutting, track clearing and forest thinning, these had been for years a part of the regular i Ministerial policy. Besides this, the Pre- J mier had to say that before the end of j the present month ihe Government would j have spent this year some £900,000 of i loan moneys in works which find employ- i ment for the people. Having shown all this. Sir George could enjoy his little rub when, turning to the gentlemen of the Board, representing churches and congre gations, hospitals and other institutions, he asked in effect — "And what, pray, have "yon been doing V And yet, as a. matter of fact, Sir George Turner has only apparently, and not really, turned the tables on his interviewers. The problem remains to be dealt with: and it cannot be got rid of by any mere system of clever retort. The Board has at least . advanced the question a stage, and that stage is not by any means an unimportant . fin. Its members renresent all shades oi political thought; and stiil they- came j unanimously to the conclusion that when, ! as now, a nation has within it a large nam- 1 ber oi work! ess people, the quarter to which, those people have a right to turn is the central Government, which rep re- Sent© the whole people. None of the gen tlemen who urged this view, from Sir- John Madden down to Mr. Hirsch, were ignorant of the facts which the Premier stated as to what the Government had done and is doing. Indeed, those facts are on public- record: and yet the Board idid not he=itate to make fresh demands | for "relief works" at the public expense. (The principle clearly recognised in ibis (Unemployed Report is that when people I are suffering sore agonies from cold and (hunger as the result of stagnation in the labor market, the whole body of the tax payers, symbolised In the Treasurer of ihe i colony, has the same responsibility to- i wards this phase of human suffering as tit would have were the same people the victims oi a colliery disaster, a ship wreck jor some form of epidemic disease. It is quite true that the report of the Board does not state this proposition in precise terms: but the seven demands it has made upon Government help, knowing how actively the State has been rendering as sistance in the past, is tantamount to say ing that responsibility virtually rests there. . And this, if adopted, would be a far- reaching doctrine, which the Premier re pudiated in express terms when he said — "While I admit it is the duty of "the Government to provide a rea=on- "able amount of work, I cannot admit j"it is the duty of the Government "to provide work for everybody." Pro bably few of ihe gentlemen who went to air tbeir views before the Treasurer would have ventured to dissent from Sir George's dictum thus stated: and yet their action is an emphasis upon tbe political doctrine that the Government of a1 State cannot stand by and leave things to their natural courses when, from any cause, the ordinary sources of employment run dry and the people starve in hunger and c-old. Some day, when men come to understand more clearly the fallacy that underlies the ex treme individualist creed, they may see the more intimate relation that cxbis be tween the whole people and each o I its units — titt- a part cannot suffer without an injuiy io the whole: and thxs just as the head cf the house has a duty towards each oeaber of his family, so tbe Government, which is the father of tbe State, has an ecsal duty towards every child oi the Commonwealth. 1\. is noticeable thai a privste movement has been begua to raise funds for the em- i ployntcnl cf the unemployed. It is headed by the Government, the Governor, the iieuiemul-Gorensor and the Premier. This is well, since it recognises the serious ness of the rtaims put forward and the doty cf well to do ciliretts in meeting then. Bat this very exercise of private generosity carries, perforce, the mind fur ther. It- stamps the seal of the public duty, as such, to the needy part oi the unbSc, and in doing so it compels us to question why the voluntary few should give, and the invoiontary many escape. CciriiT ought to have nothing to do with the esoloymeai of the people. And there fore it is more equitable that moneys should be found for thee purposes by the whole body of the taxpayers than by pri vate persons taxing themselves. These questions most arise in ihe minds oi think- irrrr =1 whether we wSl or not ; and they win ceear and recur till they are set to I rest. For these reasons we may hail the rrc-utise cade by the Unemployed Board sit- the end of its report, where it says:— 5 "The Beard desires to express its expecta- j "tion the; it wCi be in a position before i -Tone to make recommendations with re- | "trard to more permanent and organised ; 5 "remedial measures for recurring periods Cc-i want of employment." TVe snail await ! the fulfilment- cf this promise with much > i of interest and sympathy, without hoping ; i for too much, and deprecating the half ; measures which must cud in tco little. If Chrat came to Jerusalem just now what would He Stdl The country in the uossession of the infidel, played for as a stake in the game oi polities, and his fol lowers spilt into sects nourishing lirecon- eileable animosities- N o doubt tne city retains a distinct importance because it is the shrine oi religious memories, bat for all that its chief interest is now political rather tban devotional- It is one of the three centres whose fortunes are wrapt up in what is termed ihe Eastern Question. As a strategic and commercial centre it is of far less consequence than Constantinople | or Cairo, but it is bracketed with them j because of its prestige as the Holy City. | It is a prize much coveted, acd for prae- i ties! oumoses. Statesmen are sufficiently ! ; alive to the not yes extinct power oi the ; i religious sen t-Iment to be anxious to secure j i for their sovereigns control, if not owner- j ship, of a site which confers a ktnu oi j ecclesiastical primacy upon its master. In j any partition of the Turkish Empire, j Syria, Asia Minor and Egypu have always i been looked coon as possible compensa- j tion, for the Goiden Horn. A rail way down the valley of the Euphrates has been long projected, and its route debated, as affording a shorter road to India and the far E3st. European Cabinets have nuncsred for it, and the suspicion that it- is an object of German ambition has just provoked a Russian warning oi their adverse claim. As for Palestine, it has been pro posed that it should be expressly inter- i nationalised, and with its historic capital be put under the protection of Christendom, which would be stirred in its every fibre at the thonght oi the Holy Places which are the sacred heritage of the race being trodden under foot by the sacrilegious heel of one of the Kaisers Pomeranian . faadieas- — i — t . n,—-. - I Besides the politicians, there are these ! who watch for tbe literal fulfilment oi i Biblical prophecies, many ot them ! taking a deep interest in the Zionist 1 movement, which has for its object the ; return of the Jews to their former home, j To the apti-Semiies of Paris, who wonld I crucify Dreyfus to-morrow if they conid, i it would bi welcome as a means of ridding them oi their most dangerous competitors. Others see the prospect of the creation of a small principality which would become i the appropriate sanctuary of every relic I that a Christian holds dear. As Jerusalem | and its people depend so largely upon the | sightseers and pilgrims who visit it ! 4,,, all nnarters of the "lobe, even the i Rabbis might be relied upon to jealously I protect- its one unceasing source oi re venue. Med era Judaism is liberal enough to confess its pride in the Kaxarece, even when repudiating any greater claim on His behelf than on that or their recognised prophets. They cannot fail to see that what Scots has done for his native lakes and highlands the New Testament has done for this equally barren country. Literal is ts whose hope lies in a Jerusa lem the Golden may yet point to the fact that, so far as the city is thriving at pre sent and supplied with miik and honey by foreign contributions, it ia in accordance with ihe many promises of special bounty recorded in Scripture. That Zion should be abundantly blessed in provision, her poor satisfied with bread, that kings should bring presents to her, and their subjects submit themselves with pieces of silver, and that she should be the joy of the whole earth, are among thePsalmisls' pre dictions. And are they not fulfilled by tbe liberally scattered showers of Yankee dollars, British sovereigns acd other west- era coinages, which have rapidly raised the prices of its town lots in recent years t That the Holy S»pulehre should remain under the protection of Mahometan soldiery is enough to make Godfrey of Bouil lon rise from bis grave ; bnt that a guard of armed infidels should be necessary to prevent- tbe worshippers of she Prince oi Peace from firing at each others tbroats is even more humiliating. Many oi these zealous converts have been induced to ac cept the faith for pecuniary reasons, and some oi the more astute have relapsed, and been repurchased several times by competing propagandas. The missions not only campaign against tbe heathen, but against «"!» other with equal Teal. From the far north, where, on tbe borders of the Cancasus, Armenians are courted by Eng lish speaking . Protestants and Preach Catholics, io the far south, beyond the desert where, on the Upper Nile, Ameri can Presbyterians and Austrian Catholics dispute possession of the Copts, the whole area is a battle ground, whereon contend ing Churches, supported by tbeir respec tive embassies and consols, are maintain ing a constant strife for proselytes. The total cost must be enormous, and the spiritual gain to those who are won by mercenary considerations nil. The genuine enlightenment conferred and the excellent educational work accomplished in parts are thus obscured and endangered. It is fortunate that in tbe Orient there is not a Pres3 which can let pious European sub scribers to mission funds know in what auctioneering biddings against each other many of their benefactions are being ex pended. The battle, though not with machine guns and bayonets, is equally de pendent upon the sinews of war. It is not another case oi ihe Jews spoiling the Egyptians, for all the mingled swarthy tribes of many creeds share in the plunder, and it li the whiles who arc responsible for leading them into temptation. Tner chase tbe needy, indigenous peoples with their thirty pieces of silver offered for a baptism, and a .right to register it oa re- turauur to their head offices, where statis tics are fired off annually as it they were Eternal Life Insurance companies outbid ding each other for public patronage. The Russian Church— as that which is still styled Greek would be more properly named, since ail its members are being slowly but sureiy brought under Musco vite rule— is potent in Asiatic Turkey. The hulk of the pilgrims to Jerusalem are its children, and maintain a small Russian township at its very gates. In Palestine it numbers 60,930 adherents, and in Syria 85, ODD. It has founded 140 primary schools, j in which teachers aad language are both J Russian, and since the alliance with France has been in operation ail the ad vantages of the partnership here as else where have gone to the Czar. The Pro testants, British or American, originally opened their campaign by distributing hundreds of thousands of Bibles, after wards adding more maverial 'gifts and re lying largely upon their schools and hospi tals for their converts. Yet in Palestine 2Q0Q communicants and 109!) scholars, and in Syria 12,000 scholars, are the visible re- suits of an enormous expenditure daring the last half century. Catholicism counts its 25,030 in Pales tine and more than half a million in Syria, where it 'na> 26,000 scholars. It competes with the Reformed Churches at every turn. When the Americans established a Medical College at Beyrout, and gathered 1C0 students, the Jesuits founded another, purely French in its personnel, which .soon acquired more than 100 students, and re duced its rival's numbers by more than half. Yet in face of the 1,800,003 Mussul mans, the 300,000 Maronites, the 103, 035 Druses, and the Jews, the total strength of the warrins European sects appears small. The great Theistie faiths of Moses and Mahomet vield but a handful oi perverts to ail their efforts, possibly be cause they make no united front against their common antagonists. The Protestants are subdivided hy na tional jealousies, both British and Ameri can missionaries standing apart from the welcome to the Emperor of Germany oa his recent visit- The Catholics are suit more as odds since the long established authority of France as sole intermediary between the Church and the Sultan has been overthrown. It ha3 been practically obsolete since the treaty of Berlin. Germany having formally dis avowed it in 1375, in 1SS7 openly assumed the care oi its own missionaries. .Italy, ibough her Government is still at odds with the Pope, obtains a certain p-atriotie advantage from the large proportion of Italian priests, and the special privileges and influence enjoyed by the Franciscans throughout the whole of the Levant. Austria, since 1S70, has been as active as her fellow members of the Triple Alliance in retaining authority over her subjects outside her borders. The influence which she possesses at the V aticau, dne to her unflinching loyaity to the Pope, enhances, her prospect of extending her sway-Lii Tae straggle between the different diplomats upon these issues promises to be prolonged , and, possibly, seasationaL - " ' '-l If then Christ came to Jerusalem, would He find is much more 'ChristianUed than when it was seen from Calvary 1 Centuries ago the mailed chivalry of the West failed to hold Palestine against the Saracens, because the Westerns were hope- lessly sundered by international rival ries and personal jealousies!, snch as threaten to defeat the Peace Congress iqday. At that time,Salsulin represented a civiliiatioa'iaVbrable to art, science and culture, and his victory was, on those grounds, the less to be deplored. Yet now, when the progressive spirit of Europe is far in advance of that of the Orient, we find the same animosities active as ever, even in the very churches which devote themselves to the salvation oi its backward and unregenerate races. They ofler not one gospel, bnt many, gospeis. J Each mission seeks to undermine asd. oast | its fellows. What wonder if the'heatbiifi hesitate between teachers so ma'ny''nih'.sq antagonistic — .:--utv.re> Jd IVhlleeveTT sect declares it's wtaolir Hzt, " And swears il bas a pueci lor God's light. 