NOVEL. The Wonder-Wiich By m. e, McClelland, CHAPTER XVIII.— (Continued.) Bat when the negroes whispered about, with horrid insistence, a grim legend of a peddler seen to enter the wakefield door, but not to come out again, the populace decided that the town was ripe for investigation, and, Gammoning official aid, raided the place. The WatefieLds resisted, and there was a battle, in which a man or two were shot. This added to ihe evil repute of the place, and it needed only a hideous discovery in nna «Ke- no1UM t lynching in the backyaid, to give it a char* acter which would condemn it to Isolation from human occupation forever. The agent no longer took the trouble even to fasten up doors and windows. He knew that in the bnoolio imagination, both white and col oured, the plaos would speedily become a choice rendezvous for evil spirits and haunts, and the particular stamping ground of tht - devil. As Ruth turned from a aide gate into the publio road, she noticed a nephew of hei relative's, who lived with her, in a far field, talking to a man on horsebaok. She can* tared on briskly, not wishing to be belated. A mile or so on she turned into a cross to ad whioh debouched through a pine forest and was apparently but little used. The after noon waB sombre, with a flnll November sky and intermittent sunshine. The chill df the air was untouched, and the earth held the frost of the previous night, so that, exoept where fallen pine needles deadened all eound, it rang hard as iron under the horse's hoofs. On either hand the pines, armjstyted and massive, uplifted columns of bronze, with solemn oathedral effects, enhanoed by the interlacing of dark branches above into impost and aroh, rib and groin. Through , the follaged intrioaofes of this mighty ro:-f the light sifted dimly down to the shadow* lees carpet of brown pine needles* Rath rode slowly, impressed with the sileuoo and grandeur of tho plaoe and invigorated by the aromatia incense whioh she drew into her lunge. A short distance farther the woods opened into dear fields, enclosed by dilapidated fences, and abandoned to the enoroaohment of broomsedge and scrub. The road, much washed and gullied, led ouroaitously to the old farmhouse in the distance, so Ruth left it and out across through the fields. The house stood bare and forlorn among its de- : nudtd frees, the very epitome and centre of I an encompassing desolation. I Ruth shuddered as she looked at it, | mildewed over with decay, its sashless win* ? dows goggling into spaoe like eyeless sockets, its smokeless chimneys eloquent of | cold hearthstones below. She did not won dei that the plaoe was avoided by all, and was half sorry she had come to it herself. She wrenched her mind away from the wonder which of the trees had been used as a gibbet, and resolutely recalled the old | time, striving to fill the silence and descla* ; tion with the movements of men and the glow of camp fires. The yard enclosure was gone, bat a broken gate post ftuok up in front, like a last tooth in the jaw of old age. Ruth dismounted and fastened her horse to it. The pathway to the house was distinot slill and well beaten, but the porch itself Was unsound, and sagged mournfully away from the building. Ruth crossed it dubi ously and laid her hand on the door. As she did so her hone whinnied sharply, and Bhe glanoed baok at him, startled. There was nothing in sight: so, concluding that the beast was simply protesting against being left, she poshed open the door and entered. The room to the right of the hall was the one in wbieh the jovial genual and hie staff had toasted her on that far away morning. Bhe glanoed at it curiously, noting its utter desolation and the dirt and dilapidation which spoke of its hideous after days, She prooeed&d; op the stairway, trying to revivify old associations and emotions, and failing signally. The 'now* was omnipresent, and for the then there could be only the unsub standality of a ghostly return. It was of Guthrie, not of the gay young Confederate, that Ruth thought as she 1 exogftd the upper hall and entered the small ! room in which their interview had taken pifioe. .Here iz was better : the room was moderately clian, and the window, while de luded of a pane or two of glase, retained ita gashes. The gloom without had lifted a little, and what scant sunshine there was entered and lay in a segmented square on ; the floor. A shabby old table, too forlorn ; to tempt theft, stood in the oentre of tLe i room, and beside it a broken-backed ohair, which seemed somehow to turn the edge of the general desolation. Rath seated herself i and strove loyally to bring baok the past, I even removing her gloves no that she might derive inspiration from the wonder* witch's ; ring. intent was she that she did sot notice | the noiseless opening of an inner door, or i the equally noiseless advance of a man in j grey uniform. It was only when a quiet | voice said, * Ifs pretty hard work codjut- i tag it all back, isn't It F' that the looked up in terror, with her heart in her throat, to behold— the Confederate ! For a deliriouB instant it seemed to her that she must be trysting with a ghost, and then Guthrie's voice, entreating forgiveness for a sordid trick was in her ears, and Guthrie's strong hands held hers in their clasp. Then, in a moment their eyes had spoken, and a great spell broke over her, and she was gathered close in his arms, clinging on his breast, with his lips Becking her.', and her heart all a*tremble with relief and love and comprehension. CHAPTER XIX. In the first flush of recognition, the link iog together of her present and past, the realization that this new love of hers was but a delayed growth and blossoming from tho old root, Ruth yielded herself gladly and let love have its way. Bat after a little her omnipresent honesty reasserted iieelf. She pushed Guthrie from her with a quiok exelamation that she had no right,— that he was the property of another. Guthrie, thanks to a hint from Miss Vandan not utterly at sea, quietly drew her close again, holding her face against his breast and explaining that she herself, and no other woman, had held the first place in his heart pince the far away morning when he had bidden her farewell in the room down below and left with her his pledge. The neighbourhood had made a most natural blunder, he affirmed, but one exceedingly annoying to all parties. Then he laughed gayly and bade Ruth look to her own flesh and name for Miss Vandan's lover. Fate had given Hugh a chance at retaliation for scores by a bit of Northern conquest, and, if signs went for anything he had embraced hie opportunity. Ruth professed herself satisfied, and, hand in hand, they prooeeded downs taiu, reviving the past more successfully in company. On their way out, they visited the lower room, wbiob by some singular optical delusion ap peared to emerge from the hideousness of later happenings and even to take on a bit of reflex oheerfulness. Guthrie produced the roan filly from an outhouse, where she had been atabled (a fact already commented on by the descendant of Lapwing), and the pair rode away to* gether. Daring the ride Guthrie explained sundry other matters. At Miss Vandan's instigation he had shaved off his beard, and borrowed Hugh's old uniform, whioh for* tunately fitted him fairly well. He had made an extra early start and come up to the gap that day, halting for a midday rest st a bouse in the notoh. His intention had been to go straight to Mies Randolph's, but he had missed his way a little, and finally turned aeide into a field to interview a boy about it. While talking he had a glimpse of her, on horsebaok, in the road, and like an inspiration it come over him where she was goiog. Previous knowledge of the ooontry, and a few hurried directions from the boy, enabled bim to utilise a short cut, and, by haid riding to get to the goal ahead of her. Hugh bad told him that the house was unoccupied. The roan filly had proved her metal and been safely hidden in tbe out house full three minutes before Ruth had emerged from the pine forest. From an upper window he bad watched her approaoh, assured of the hold which the old time mast have on her by her ooming, and also by ber wearing the hat with ,the crossed bayonets. Then he put out bis hand and took hers and drew the glove from it, that he might lay his lips to her fingers as he had done long ago. He drew off the ring, and then replaced it with, as he said, a deeper sig nificance. And while the horses moved slowly, side by side, he told her a brief resume of its history. (The Ekd ) 