THE SCOURGE OF CANCER. Is it Really Increasing in England? Within recent ' years; says the London "Dally Chronicle,", the scourge of cancer Is pbpularly supposed to have Increased In this country. That point Is the text of a discus sion .among medical men, which fills the new number of their recognised monthly maga-, zlne, "The Practitioner," Dr. Newsholme,. the medical ofilcer of health for Brighton, tintt ntiiHIorl cfithmp finm tha orsfiinrtnl nn wpII as the medical, standpoint. This Is what he says as to the amount of cancer in England and Wales: — "In the Ave years 189M|5 cancer was responsible for an annual registered mortality of 712, and in 1896 of 764, to every million of the population. Cancer causes about G per cent, of the total deaths regis tered among males at ages over 46, and over 7 per cent, of- the total deaths registered among females at ages over 45. Were the real facts known it would be found that the number of deaths due to cancer is even greater than these figures indicate." MINERS' IMMUNITY FROM CANCER. Dr. Newsholme goes Into . statistics as to the local distribution of cancer and its mor tality according to occupation. The theory that excessive nervous strain and anxious work provoke cancer does not receive support In the fact that the compara tive mortality figure for medical men Is only 43, while It is as high as 70 for brewers. Chimney sweeps occupy a supremely high position In mortality Trom cancer. It would appear that the irritating effect of the pro ducts of imperfect combustion of coal Is much more prone to bring out cancerous .ac tivity than the manipulation of crude cpal, though coal heavers have a somewhat high proportional amount of cancer. The low cancerous figure for coal miners Indicates that they enjoy a comparative Im munity from cancer, as well as from phthisis. He asks, "Can it be that we have to look to intemperate habits as being a main factor at work, rather than the particular occu. pation?" Next, has there been any real lncreuso of cancer mortality? His answer is that it is more apparent than real, bein.% due to more accurate diagonisis and better registration. CANCER DUE TO A PARASITE. Mr. Plimmer, pathologist to St. Mary's Hos pital, records the results of extensive inves tigations which he haa made in reference to cancer. These have led him to the conclu sion that cancer 1» due to a parasite. Dur ing the past six years he examined microsco pically 1278 cancers. He found parasitic bodies in 1130. The following is remarkable: "From the last of these cases which have come into my hands I was able to isolate an organism which in certain animals was able to cause death, with the production of tumours In various parts. The cancer from which this organism was isolated was taken from the breast of a woman aged 25. It hah a history of only /two months' duration, and It was growing rapidly at the time of the operation." CANCER HAUNTED HOUSES. We have, all heard of ghost-haunted houses; but surely there is a new terror In the idea of cancer- haunted houses. Mr. D- Arcy Power contributes some curious obser vations as to the predilection of cancer tor particular placesy and even for. certain houses. Here is a case: — "Miss B., aged 45, lived in n certain house in a suburb of London for 13 years, and died of cancer of the stomach in 1&84\. Mrs, T., aged 47, next occupied her bedroom. She had lived In the house for 20 years, and died of cancer of the liver in Octo- ber, 1885. Mrs. J., aged»G7, who had lived in the house' for eight -years, .succeeded to the place,, and to the bedroom successively oc cupied by J ii's'B/'iind 'by. Mrs. T. 'Mrs. J, died- of cancer :in 1898." . . Mr. D'Arcy , Power ..cannot., help thinking that such cases raise a strong presumption in favour of cahcer being an infective dis ease, to' which sonle- are much more- subcqp- tlble than otlierg.: . Locality, geems to"bo a pre dominant factor, and Jie dpes not put great stress on a gWeh room or' house, or water supply. - HOW'CANCER CAN BE CURED. The final 'question Is, WKnt; can be 'lone for patients suffering f rom. ' oancer? Professor Watson Cheyne. takes the view that cancer is at first a local, rather than a o, (institu tional trouble. ' In tiiiit- -ylt- it the disease is detected -oarijf.iancl operated, upon ffeely. the putlent may be cured: ' The' attempts to cure cancer ;by other m'eanB than operation are, he saysjeinvnrhibly , futile. ' , What can. Ira-. dope for, a patient for whom nothing is possible In the why of actual cure? In other 'Words, ' is It "worth while living when a- cancer' Is In full possession? Says Professor Watson .Clyyue: "Ir, many cases we can still do muc.i to prolong life, and, what Is of "much mora Importance to these patients, to' make suchvpenod of life as remains to them, much more tolerabla." That is all. ' . " ' . ' 