Wholesale Couversioii. People in Europe have ceased to thiiik of the possibility of wholesale conversion, by which we mean a change of religious faith among the majority of an entire nation. No one except the Pope, who, poor man, is said to imagine that England will shortly become Catholio, expects such a change any more than he expects a revival of the wars of religion, which, after; dis tracting Europe for seventy years, died for some-reason never yet adequately . -explained, suddenly away. * Specula tions on what would happen if Italy ] becatae Protestant, or Poland embraoed \ the. Holy Orthodox faith, or the United i States became Catholic aH Judge Hali burton expected fifty years ago, are now idle dreams, or at best as vain' exercitations of the imagination. There is reason for the belief about wars of religion because, though the believer has not every where ceased to hate the misbeliever—witness the Judenhetze now raging in Paris—he has ceased to' fancy" that any nation oan be sabred into a' faith, or indeed can be forcedby persecution within a particular ecclesiastical syBtem. Prince Bismarck did for a moment imagine thai he1 plight be socbessful in firing, c&naon; at ghosts, but even he soon wearied of so infrnctous an idea. It is more difficult, however, to show that the belief about wholesale conversions has a solid basis. - Men are converted frotn one faith to another every day,, jffid itishard to see why, if Catholic isco, or Prt^estantism, or the Greek tjQurch makes tire hundred converts 9 year, it should not make five hundred thousand or five million. Avery con siderable number o£ jews throughout Europe mast glide yearly , into other faiths, or the number of those who adhere to Judaism would more rapidly increase, and once In modern history a large part of a whole nation did quit Christianity for atheism. We do not believe that a majority in France ever adopted a negative philosophy, but it is certain that so many thought they did, that a generation grew up during the Revolutionary period which not only did not believe the Christaiu dogmas, but actually did not know them. Still, as a matter of fact, no European people has changed its faith in modern times, and It is not one. that it ib easy to ooderstond. The usual explanation, i that the world is growing enlightened, clearly will not <Jo, for the commonest conversions are those of the exceedingly intelligent. One does not class Cardi nal* Newman or P6re Hvacinthe among either the ignorant or the foolish. Nor is it more satisfactory to say that the masses are too ignorant to-be converted, for they are distinctly less ignorant than they were when the masses of Tugtons and Norsemen quitted the [ Roman Communion almost in a body. I The caiiBe seems rather to lie in two. changes; which have passed over I the European world, one spiritual, , and jone more rifearly secular. Men with hew convictions feel iess im pelled than of old to obey them in j visible action. There has * "been a gradual but widespread change in the ; general .conception of the character of the, Almighty, the laity have ceased to believe that «hey will bettortured for honest errors of belief, and they are, therefore, gravely tempted, even when the inopr faith lias changed, to remain , in the Church they were born in, which I is endeared to them by habit and by | the fores of man earthly ties, and which, as they conceive, will do almost as well as any other. The sense of a necessity | for correlating taitn witn action nas ! grown decidedly weaker. There are, for example, thousands of Unitarians within the English Establishment, yet the 'Unitarian Church as a body of avowed believers in the humanity of Christ is Tepidly dying away. Why, they think, should they quit the religion they were born in when they can think their own thought, and will in no way be arraigned of heaven for worshipping the true God within the house of Bun moo 1 They are probably wrong morally, but their consciences are quiescent. The other and more secular cause is that the Churches no longer excite such dislike. It is perse cution which evokes the martyr spirit, and : no Chorch has any longer the power to practice effective persecution, while no Church excites either horror or contempt through the conduct of its pripsthood, feelings; which, we believe, b«R as much to do with the popular diffusion of. Protestantism as any' dotrinal , change. Just before the Beformation the Boinan priesthood, having gradually become too powerful for its spiritual welfare, bad become in a great number of cases both corrupt and oppressive, and the laity, especially the Teutonic laity, broke out into fierce revolt. That this is true is proved by the fact that a large number returned as soon aa the Church became purified and gentler.. They would have defied the stake, bat they could not defy the evidence that the Church they had fled from was ao longer inconsistent as an etbicfel system with the Christian religion. - Since that period, however, 'changes have been few. As the nations were after the Reformation, and the Baacfcion wbiob followed It, so tbejr bafe as nations remained.— SpKla∨, 