ly Grandfather's Wil AND THE IRON KEY. CHAPTER XX (Continued). How far bolotv this I wont, I cannot clearly call to iniud ; of distance, as well us of time, I liad lust all calculali I recollect making a circuit to avoid the press ct boats waiting for tlio early dawn by Billingsgate Market, and lave a vision of the White Tower against the heavens. But my text impression of any clearness is that of rowing under tho shadow of a black ihree-masted schooner that lay close under the shore, tilted over on her .port Bido in the low water, As my dingoy floated out again from beneath tho overhanging hull, 1 looked up and saw (ho words, Water- Witch, painted in wbito upon her pitclidark bows. By this time 1 was among tjie tiers ol shipping. I looked back over"iny shoulder, aud saw tho countlcss masts looming up as far as cyo could see in the dim light, and their lamps Bickering and wavering upon the water. I rowed about a scoie of strokes, and then stopped. Why go further? This place would serve as well as any other. No one was likely to hear. my splash as I went overboard, and evon if heard it would not he interpreted. I was still near enough to the Middlos.es bank to be out of tho broad moonlight that lit up the middle of the river. I look tho tin box out of my cloak and stowed it for a moment in the stern. I would sink it with the key beforo I fiung mjself in. So, pulling the koy out of the other pockot, I took off. tho coat, then my n diess ; coat and waistcoat, folded Ihem carefully, And placed them < n the stern seat, 'i'his done, I slipped the key into ono pocket of my trousers, my watch and chain into (he other. I would do all quietly and in order, I reflected. I was silently kicking off oiy shoes, when a thought struck mo. In my last strugglt s it was possible thet the desire of life would master me, and unconsciously I might take to swimming.' In the old days at Lizard Xotrn swimming had been as natural to tno as walking, .and I had no doubt that aa soon as in the water I should begin to strike out. Could I count upon determination onough to withhold my arms and let myself slowly drown • Here was a difficulty; but X resolved to make everj thing sure. I took my handkerchief out of the coat pcckot, and bent down to tie my feet firmly together. All this I did quite calmly and mechanically. As far as ono can bo certain of anything at this distance cf lime, I am certain of this, that no thought of hesitation came into uiy head. It was not that I overcame any doubts ; they never occuricd to mo. I was stoopingdown, and had already bound the handkerchief once around my ankle*, wh<n my boat grated softly against something. I looked up, and saw once more above me a dark ship 1 !* hull, and right above my head the white letters, Water-Witch. This would never do. My boat had drifted up the river again with the tido, stern foremost, but a little aslant, and had run against the warp by tho schooner's bows. I must pull out again, for otherwise tho people on board would hear me. I pushed gently oil from the warp and took tho sculls, -when suddenly I heard voices back towards the etern. My firBt impulse was to get away witli all speed, and I had already taken half a stroko, when something caused my hands to drop end my heart to give one wild leap. What was it? Something in the voices ? Tea ; something ihat brushed my etupor from me as though it were a cobweb ; something that made me hush my breath, and strain with all my ears to listen. The two voices were IhoBe of man and woman.- They were slightly raised, as if iu a quarrel; the woman's pleading and entreating, the man's threatening and stern. But that was not tho reasoD that suddenly set my heart uncontrollably heating and all the blcod rushing and surging to my temples. For in uiose two voices I recognised Mrs. Luttrell and Siuion Collivor! ' Have you not done enough ?" the woman's voice was .eaying. ' Has your cruelty no end, that you must pursue me so? Take this money, aud let me go.' ' I inuBt have more,' was the answer. 'Indeed, I have no more just now. Go, only go, and I will send you some. I swear it.' ' I cannot go,' said the man. 'Why?' ' Never mind.. I am watched.' Here the voice muttered aomo words which I could not catch. 'Bo that unless you wish seo your husband swing—and be liove mo, my confogsion and last dying speech would not omit to mention the kind aid I had received from you aud Clar ' Hueh ; oh, hush ! If I get you this money, will you leave us in peace for a time? Knowing your nature, I will not ask for pity—only for a short respite. I must tell Olaire, poor girl; she doeB not know yet ' Quite softly my boat had drifted once more across the schooner's bows'. I pulled it round until its node touched the ancher chain, and made the painter faBt. Then slipping my hand up the chain, I stood with my shoeless feet upon the gunwale by the bows. Still grasping the chain, I sprang and swung myself out to the jibboom that, with the cant of the vessel, was not far above the water: then pressed my left foot in between tho stay and the brace, while I hung for a moment to listen. They had not heard, for I could still catch the murmur of their voices. The creak of the jibboom and the Bwish of my own boat beneath had frightened me at first. It seemed impossible that S/d/y it should not disturb \ them. But after a moment my courage returned, and I pulled myself up on to the bowsprit, and lyiug almost at full length along it, for fear of being spied, crawled Blowly along, and dropped noiselessly on to the dock. They were standing together by tho miz/en-mast, he with his back turned full towards me, she less entirely averted, eo that I could see a port of htr faco in tho moonlight, and tho silvery gleam of her grey hair. Yes, it was they, surely enough ; and they had not seoa me. My revenge, long waited for, was in my grasp at laBt. Suddenly, ae I etood there watching them, I remembered my knife—the blade which had slain my father. I had left it below—fool that I was '—in the tin box. Could I creep back again, and return without attracting their attention ? Should I hazard the attempt for the sake of planting that piece of steel in Simon Colliver's black, black heart ? It was a foolish thought, but my whole soul was set upon murder now, and tho chance of slaying him with the very knife left in my father's wound Hcemed too dear to be lightly given up. Most likely he was armed now, whilst I had no weapon but the naked bnnd. Yet I did not think of this. It never occurred to mo that lie would defend himself. Still, the thought of that knife was sweet to me as 1 crouched there beneath the shadow of Ihe bulwarks. Should I go, or not 'i I paused for a moment, undccided; then rose slowly erect. As I did eo Mrs. J.uttrell turned for an instant and saw me. As I stood there, baroheaded, with thn moonlight shioing full upon my ^ hito sbirt-sleoves, I must have seemed a very ghost: for a lo ik of abject terror swept across her faco ; her voice broke off and both her hands were flung up for mercy— ' Oh, God ; Look ! look !' As I rushed forward .he turned, and then, with ihe spring of a wild cat, woe upon me. Even as ho leapt, my foot slipped upon tho greasy deck ; I staggered backward one slop—two stops— und then frll with a crash down tho unguardod forecastle ladder. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 