THE MAN SHE FOUND. When Violet Lingard announced tbet sfao was going in for literature there were those timong us jrlio scoffs. Violet was so alarmingly pretty, ojie woul'i never susptct hrc of possessing brains. Slit; was one of thoso girls viUi alluring faces—the sort of beante-du-diable of whiob Ounla is always writing, eyes of most nnholy blue and lips which cculd smile a man's soul away. A fasciuatine minx with the most graceful and winning manners; a being of moods, tender, rapelUnt, kindly and icy by turns, she bad created havoc and strewn devastation wherev< r her dainty feet bad trod. Suddenly she wearie-I of the endless round of g: ietv and fashion to which from her teens she had been accustomed and cmazed her c«.t< rie by dtclaiiog her intention of writing reali>tic npvels. Of course everyone said it was merely a fad and would soon blow over. But it didn't, that was the astounding part of it. Her Gist novel attracted more than passing notice, i-he was commended for Ijer original and budacious style, her clever plot and a certa in ilaiity fcmiuine touch. the was written about, interviewed ; her beauty and her talent wrie pr-ised, by the paragnpliers and all the details of her luxurious life were brandished about the country. From being merely a typical society girl, a young woman of elegance and fashion, she suddenly became a somebody t* be pointed ont and stared at and caved about. This spasmodic adulation pleased Violet. She had always feasted upon Battery but now she revelled in it. She threw herself into a life of feverish emotion, became cynical, disdainful, and thought of nothing but her miserable ambition. Local colouring came to be an absolute mania' with tier. She was always prating of »atmosphere" and " realism."' One can stand a lot of infimal nonrense from a pretty woman, but really poor Violet often grew actually tin some with her endless rhapsodies •bout " the divinity of realism." It was just after publishing her second novel, a combination of ingenuity and wickedness, a smartish, "brackish story you wouldtTt have liked your sister to write, that the girl decided to go to the far Wi st in search of " local colour " for her nekt attempt. " Yes," she drawled with the fine lady air of disdain she had assumed since her success, yes, I am going in search of local colour and a hero. I may take a cowboy for the latter— who knows ? They tell me those fellows ara delightfully original and as breesy as the winds from the Rockies." She made up her mind ahe had not been misinformed when a month later, she met Jack Weatherby. \- Weatherby wu a child of the plains. He had never been east of the Mississippi and bad an iufinite contempt for the land of the rising sun. He bad hunted for a living ; he had been • cowboy and raised as much of a rumpus in mining camps as the next fellow. Now he owned his own ranch and herds ; had settled down somewhat and had began to think he would like a wife and home. He was a handsome fellow, as fiery as the mustang he rode and as tender hearted as a woman—some women. His ranch lay in the shadow of the Sangre da Christo range, next to that of the Atherton's, where the New York girl was stopping. Us acres stretched to the shadowy foot hills and over thenj ro »med the sleek, well-fed creatures of which he was so proud. It was two days after her arrival that he tew bar first. He had ridden over to see Tom Atherton, the big muscular Englishman, who was his particular crony, and had come down the trail with his customary "Hark" and Whoop." As though riding the sightless couriers of the air,he dashed up to the little flower-garden, spurs and chains jingling, sombrero flapping, and letting out a yell which could have been heard in Denver. And there by the side of pretty Mrs. Atherton, sat a. stranger, a vision, an angel. The astonished ranchman blushed and stammered like a school boy as he bowed awkwardly and apologised for his Apache-likc descent. Mho was this divinity in palest pink, this radiant creators with hair like gold and eyes like heaven's own bine r " My friend, Miss Lingard bom New York," Mrs. Atherton said. Pshaw! She was a celestial being straight from Para? disc. I have always pitied Weatherby. Never for one moment could I blame him. He was a (primitive man with savage instincts larking in 'his breast. Brave, loyal, straight-forward him* •elf, bow could he dream of the treacherous cruel blows one little soft white hand km capable of dealing. Violet found this 6turdy, brawny rancbero a Jelightful study, and decided that he should be the hero of her next novel. His quaint wit and poetic fancies born of the mesas of the mountain, his forcible and often ungrammatical .speech was faithfully noted ; his emotions were played upon, his heart was probed. And he never dreamed he was being experimented ou. He loved this exquisite creature, this dainty, soft, purring beauty, as he loved his lite. He coveted her and longed to shut her closc to his big, faithful, honest heart. At last came the night when Violet carried h»r pasMou for " atmosphere" and local colouring " to its climax. They had gone for their customary evening stroll, and had climbed up a lofty butte to a broad ledge of rocks. At their feet yawned the canon, tramendouB,awfaI s black, save where the moonlight touched the opixisite wall with ghostly fingers! Back of them loomed the range like the battlements of a phantom city. Through the pines in the canon tl.e wind came sighing in mournful cadence. While far, far below sounded the faint rushing of water—the river tumbling and foaming along over its rocky bed. What a weird place," cried Violet with a ' pietty little shudder, -?? and what a ghost-like nigbt. WLy did we never come up here before* Jack ? What a scene P Weatherby was lying at her feet inhere he had thrown himself to rest after their climb He turned his fac, white in the moonlight, toward her, and fixing his dusky, unfathomab'e ryes upon her, said : " I kept this place for this hour. I meant to bring you here when I got my courage to the point wlaere I could Bay *U Is in my lue&rfc.; .Hwy aL tame down have looked up here and thought of the time I would bring you wp to tell you how I love you." tor one instant Violet felt a queer little thiill. The simple dignity of his declaration almost moved the worldly, cold-blooded girl. Then she thought of her local colouring. •« tt hat a situation for my novel," she said to herself; then aloud gently : " So you really lo\e me, Jack Y" " Lore you ?"' he echoed passionately, as he rose and sat down beside her, " Violet, look," taking her hand, " my heart lies here in this dear little- band." Then throwing all reserve to the winds, he seized her and kissed her madly, tempestuously. She struggled,to free herselfand .atlength succcedcil. " How dare you ?" she demanded, " how dare.™— •• How dare I ?" he cried. " Why dearest, I love you—I love you, do you hear? And you, you love me a little, do yon not F* He was approaching Ler again, when she said con tcmptuously: "No, mot a bit. I have simply »een btuilying you." He stood as if turned to stone. " Studying me," he s -id, in a queer voice, " studying— why—why he sav»gt ly demanded, as be au-'lit h< • frrist and held it in an iron grip. •• You were so different," die filtered, a hil frightened at bis suddea ferocity. - I wanted a row type for my book, you know. I suppose Tom told you I write books " An absolutely murderous lock swept ovei \V« utbrrby'* face. " No," he said, «' no one toKl me that. So you write books? And you wanted to put me m it—was that it P Answei mr, answer me." ' >" Yes," ahe murmured falnpy •»• And that was all! You never loved me— never meant to marry me P? "Why, no, how could I? J am to b» married In the full to a man ia New York*-" * A snarl like that of an infuriated beaBt inter rupfcedher. Lirid witii rage be sprang-to*** 3 her. Once »g*iu be trembling, toliis breast, tibm flraggedher to tlw They found them next day in Ills bctloui of the canon. Violet's lovely faco was p?st recognition, but on Weatherhv's lingered a srr.i ; e of such awful triumph as would kare p'eascd the arch-fiend himbtlf. 