Ik the Bar Parlor. 'Well, my beloveds,' Baid the Canvasser, ' still waiting for the boom f' 'Still waiting,' replied the Landlord, ' and as fall of hope as Nicholas John's trousers are fuii of — Nicholas John. Hasn't the holy perpetual pilgrim Palmer promised to Boat the gridiron and send us all a-sailing gaily down the river of prosperity ? Well then !' ' Just eo,' agreed the Poet, He'«a patriotic Palmer, And a honeyed phrasing charmer, For Taeej- ha'e already done a bit ; He might have been a farmer. Bat be makes a splendid pealmer — For lie sings about oar hopeful gridiron fit, They tried to freeze ont Palmer, But eventually grew calmer — They found they couldn't do without bis smile; And our hero buckled loit. Said he'd either bust or doit, Bnt be couldn't catch the Londoners with guile. lie angled like a spider, And Iiib emile kept growing wider As he felt the goldfish nibbling at hie hook ; And he guessed be really oughter Get that million and a quarter As recompense for all the paine be took. Bnt Braddos, born to blunder. Turned on nnder-current thnnder And scared away the merry fob of gold; And the fisherman, demented, Baid strong words that weren't scented, While all the world seemed dark and very cold. But a fisherman's forgiving, And has got to make a living, So aske not leave to spill the Braddon gore ; He comes again a-fisbing, And many folks are wishing He'll catch again the fish he caught before ! ' Don't think much of the poetry,' remarked the Critic, ' but it snccesBfully stresses the cool, proverbial, persistent cheek of the unsuccessful fisherman.' ' Ah, well,' sighed the Worm, 'I fear me fishermen are still a fraternity of romancers.' ? ? # ' But the boom is coming all the same,' persisted the Landlord. ' Down on the We6t Coast they are actually waxing fat on a diet, of hope, and the bounding spirit of en terprise is, in consequence, positively 6prouting out of 'em in all direc tions.' ' Tell us the story and don't mix metaphor, or drinks,' advised the Snub Editor. 'Your trip to the Coast hae given you a bad attack of j eloquence.' ' Blame Gaffney, not me,' re torted the Landlord. 'I couldn't resist the temptation to travel in I the same boat with him, and elo quence 16 catching. Oh, the story ? I Eight. The enterprise of the folks down Zeehan way is astonishing, I One chap advertised in the local I paper the other day ; COME AND SEE THK GKEAT MAN EATEE. Admission— Silver Coin ; Kids, a Copper. The monster was caught at Strahan, where they called it a tiger shark, and tbe enterprising showman had fetched it to Mudopolis. The mnseam was set up adjacent to a mine, I noticed. The man said be chose that spot on purpose to warn the ever-present lambs to beware of the brokers during the comine boom, i learnt also that if the exhibit persisted in assuming too unpleasant and h'shlike an cdor to draw a crowd it was intended to bury it and entice a number of local brokers and lawyers into th« caboose and show them as a life like imitation of tbe man-eater.' ' I suppose tbe enterprising showman made a nice dry bit out of the venture ?' asked the Sporting Man. I ' I'm afraid he didn't. The I population took the invasion be an I ^?'^Tii* ?*?**-— * *« /»*» l i i ? j I meeting to denounce it as unfair competition. I heard it was pro* posed to send a deputation to Par liament about it, bnt the boat left before I could ascertain the truth.' ' So I should imagine,' remarked the Cynic. ? ? ? 'A bit of nnejpeoted fun cropped up at a recent theatric*! perform ance,' remarked the Gloomy Man. 'And all along of a case of mis taken identity. 'Bits of fun often happen that way,' said the Sunday Man. 'I was walking up the street the other i night and saw a well-known genl accost a lady with 'Good night, Rose.' The maiden made no reply, of course, but the gallant goligbtlj peisisted as he walked close along side : 'It's a lovely evening, isn't it ?' Still the lady made no reply, aad anybody bat a fool or a fisher man would have taken the office, and cleared ; bat the alleged gen- j tleman still retained his place j nuDuui mo arrange crart. suddenly the girl stopped and turned a calm inquiring gaze full in his face. That steady look broke him np. He shuffled hie feet and turned several colors at once. 'I— I— I beg par- j don,' he stammered. 'I thought yon were somebody else.' 'So lam,' Mr. Blank,' she retorted sweetly. Then she resumed her walk, leaving j the abashed swain standing on the siaevi-aik looking aa big h fool as he knew how — which is saying1 a lot. And how did the spectators — there were several — snigger!' '.My case of mistaken identity also contains a man and a woman,' resumed the Gloomy Man. 'Some cases only contain a woman,' interjected Jim the Limey. Boot cases, for instance, sometimes contain ? ' But the sentence was never ' finished ; tbe Barmaid cast one ] glance in Jim's direction and he wilted like a cabbage plant under tne lee ot the Mt. Lvell smelters. 'It waa at a variety perform ance,' continued the Gloomy Man. 'One of the lady performers thought she recognised a gent in the audience as one she had met at the table d'hote that day. She sang straight at him: 'He's the bloke I'm going to marry,' or words to that effect. Of course everybody looked at the blushing gent, who, between his red splashes of con fusion, smiled the knowing smile of i one who could a tale unfold. Old J theatre goers present knew that tale well, and how did that seleot few enjoy the fun. They roared with delight, and the artiste wondered bow Bhe came to make such a won derful hit. It oame out afterwaids that she had mistaken her man and had actually singled ont the very gent who, many years ago, had gone within an ace of marrying her. How the happy event failed to come off is an old atorv and a very long oue. la fact it is another story al together, and not to be told iust jet.' ? ? ? 'I wonder what man has escaped a theatre adventure in his giddy youth,' mused the Oracle. 'Don't for heaven's sake, grow! reminiucency,' urged the Barmaid. -v iien i hear anyone telling tales of his or her youth it reminds me of my own youth and makes me un comfortable ' 'Did you, then, my dear have such an unhappy infancy P' asked the Poet, sympathetically. 'Ob no, but it hurts my memory to stretch long distances. j 'All right, -? said tho Oraclo, 'I'll I only go back about ten years for my I umrm^^h^ y — ~ be ft yory I enough to know. There, there, don't tbank| me ; 'twill Bpoil tbe illusion.' 'Well, fell in love once with a variety actress. She was the sweetest and loveliest girl that ever hoisted her dainty toe towards the ceiling, and as good as she was beautiful. I was a poor straggling person, she was rioh and successful I in her profession. I had no hope, bat loved her madly from the very first time I saw her. By accident I learned her history ; she was tbe daughter of wealthy parents, a heiress in her own right, and had taken to the variety stage from sheer love of the profession. One day I met her on a narrow bridge. As I stood aside to let her nass Bhe gave me tbe sweetest smile I bad ever got and the most encouraging look ever a lovesick youth could possibly hope for. I nearly fell 1 into tbe river fram sheer intoxica tion of joy. That night at the play her tnrn contained the item. 'I'll be there, love, at half-past nine,' As she sang her glorious eyes roamed all over the theatre as if looking for somebody. I had spent nearly all my wages in stall seats, and this night was up among the gods in a modest sixpenny percb, and my heart was in my mouth, Was it possible that this beauteous, wealthy, and accomplished creature was looking for me ? Surely not; tbe bare thought set me all of a perspi ration, i knew that thousands of I men in that vast applauding assemblage would give their ears to be singled out for a glance of recog- 1 nition from the popular beauty, j | Yet, somehow the afternoon's hap- J pening made me brave in my own conceit. As the son«r went on the I conviction grew upon me that my charmer was really searching for me. Three times her gaze swept the circle of faces crowding over the gallery railings, but I snuggled down behind a big navvy and | peered with burning eyes and white I drawn face over his shoulder. It I never occurred to me to make my seii visible— 1 was afraid to put my fate to the test, I suppose. Bnt the eyes of love are keen. She was singing the last verse now, and again her gaze swept the stalls and circle— anxiously, I thought, this time. I could have cried out ia my j agony of suspense. Would she not look up among the gods once more? I wished and prayed for the mesmeric power to chain her eyes to mine. But she was sing, ing the chorus bow, and hepe well nigh died within me. I felt sick, and would have rushed ont into the street had the spell-bonnd crowd not jammed me so tightly that I could not move. She started \ the last line, and as she did so slowly looked up into the gallery and straight at me. I'll never for get that last line. The words uuiuou imo my very roui. They were substituted words, and ran : 'Meet me by the bridge, my love,at half.past ? .' At the last word, which nobody could bear for ap- J plause, she held up both her hands | with the fingers spread out, and never taking her eyes off mine, bowed herself off. There were de mands for an encore, of conrse, bnt she only bowed her brief acknow. | Jedgements. Under cover of the applause I had fought myself dear of the crowd. It was only a step to the footbridge from the stage door, but I had to get down from the top of the hoase and make a detour through a narrow lane and a crowded street. To be later than half-past ten at the trysting place would be worse than death to me. A glance at the theatre' clock to do the journey in. How I got down those steps is still a mystery to me. Hatless and braised I ar rived in the lane. Thinking I was a pickpocket a policeman made a grab at me ; if he had caught me I would have brained him with his own boots. But with an agility born of despair I bobbed down be tween the bobby's legs and sped on up t'je lane into the street. Several people tried to stop me, bat I ran either through or under or over them,and breathless, and wild-eyed, reached tbe footbridge jnst as the half-past was striking. My charmer arrived at the same moment look ing demurely lovely in a long dark cloak thrown over her golden head and covering her shoulders and snowy bosom from the prying city stats. There was ten minutes of dis tilled ecstacy for two young sonls that night os the bridge. I suppose I made a great fool of myself, and can't rightly remember what I said and did. Bat it was pure unadul terated joy all the same, and the world seemed bathed in tbe golden glory of tbe gods. But she hud to hurry back to the theatre and ex plain her absence to her chaperon as best she could. Ere we parted, though ? ' 'For goodness sake tell us how it all ended,' exclaimed the Barmaid. 'It never ended,' said tbe Orao e 'It's going yet. We got married aud ' spent her fortune on tbe continent. What sort of a three rears' honeymoon did we have though ! It is good to have lived that brief spell.' 'Bnt your wife ? ' began the Sunday Man. 'I know, she isn't as likely a dancer as she was when I first met her, nor quite bo yonng, yon know, but she's not tbe worst in the world. Besides, she has expectations.' 'A well told story,' remarked the Snub Editor. 'Every word is true,' declared tbe Oracle. 'earring a few discrepancies . That theatre clock yon looked at Fon'*- go. I never saw a clock in a theatre, anyway,' said the Snub Editor. ' Ob, I have, often,' hotly ex claimed the Oracle. ' Where ? What theatre ?' But the Oracle stammered some thing about not having a eood memory for places, and the com pany smiled the smile of disap pointment in painful silence. ' By the way,' remarked the Sunday Man, after a while, ' why don't they put clocks in theatres?' ' It would be a waste of time,' remarked the Punster. ? ♦ ? ' There must be something wrong with the world,' said the Poet. '' Here's Kipling making about £20,000 a year by his books, while I don't make ? But it is too tender a subject for me to trust myself on. Til put in a few remarks made by my friend M. E. Grevitle in Veldt a.nd Street : i OONTEASTS. There's lately been a deal of talk Concerning anthors' fees ; Some earn their ohiokeo and champagne, And some mere bread and cheese. How I'm an author whom the Star At times delights to quote, Yet Haggard gets his thousand ponnda And I a ten-pound note ! M£/ST?mff'lr ' lika c«««f'« wife. Wftile ll&ggard;'e grammar's not j My style is charts yet etrong— I am As expert at a plot, Altbo' oar «kalli mayn't bo the same We row in the same boat, Yet Haggard gets hie thonsand pounds I And I a ten-poand note ! j The public like their fiction stronir They're fond of gou fights, I They love tbe hero ail the more I Tbe more the hero smites ; I I've made my beroee smite more blow* Than ever Hazard smote, Yet HugS'* gets his thonsand pounds And I a ten-pound note) I N V J«T *»! 80rt of thinB ahonW oe I la difficult to say ; I There's eomething rotten.in the State j Of Denmark, anyway I j The Grocer praised in generous terma The last romance I wrote I Te' Haggard get, hi, thousand pounds And I a ten-ponnd note I I ' Now Tasmania has annexed the rest of Australia there will be a great impetus given to sport,' said the Editor. ' Yes,' agreed the Sporting Man, ' we are all Horsetralians now ' ' And,' said the Suburban Cor respondent, ' we have men in train ing for all sorts of athletic events. They tell me, too, that Neil Lewis j is in active traitring to run ? ' [ ' JVonsense I' exclaimed the ] Gloomy Man, with tears in his voice. ' To run for the Federal Senate,' concluded the Suburban Correspon dent. ' But really and truly the most persistent athlete lives in Fog ville. Swimming, or rather divinir is his game. He is a well-known ^L^JSl*BJ bacon carer at present, bat hopes to be champion diver of the world very soon. It appears that he dives off the Cata ract Bridge every midnight for the good of his health. Anybody anxious to see him has only to walk that way at the hour when the ghosts are abroad. There on the parapet the noble baoon-ourer may be Been, gracefully posed ready to flop into the black water below, while bis friend and oonJfcade tbe shoe-dealer stands guard over a candle and the champion's clotheB, and passes re marks abont the coldness of the water. After about half-an-hoar's preliminaries the dread plunge ia taken, and tbe mighty splash scares the 'possums up above Trevallyn, and wakes respectable citizens of that suburb oat of their beauty sleep. There is an ominous silence for a few seconds after tbe plunge, then there are sounds forjdown in the blackness, like a threshing machine bolting through a swamp, and the shoemaker rushes down to the water's edge to help the breath less hero on to terra firma. After a vigorous rob down, the champion hooks his arm in bis friend's,. and they stalk homewards talking about tbe big pile they wili make when tbe bam and bacon business is lost and given over, and Niagara Falls are successfully dived over by aa enterprising citizen of Fogville.' ' I say,' tossed the Insignificant Mnn, ' Haven't the people np the Western Tiers way been hearing strange noises lately F Earthquakes or aii -quakes or something i' ' Yes. Why ?' 11 Oh, nothing ; but I was won dering whether the splsBh that grocer makes might not be heard at the Tiers.' 'I have been reading a very mas sive treatise on Faith,' said the Gloomy Man. 'There are others,' remarked the Cynic. 'What of Hope and Obarity ?' 'They are all right, and their pic i was look nice on Friendly So ciety emblems. Bat Faith ™ f.ha girl for my money. She's a trea sure, Doesn't Britain boss creation by the power of Faith ? Isn't our raco the glory of the times because of oar simple confiding faith in er istiag institutions P' 'Such as Mauser rifles and Maiims,' suggested the Cynic. Not heeding the interruption, the Gloomy Man, weeping joyfully, oontinued : 'Faith moveth moun tains ; a little more faith waa nil that was required to move Mt. Huxley into the Mkrcgrt's back yard, and if Henry D. has sufficient faith and lives long enough he may yet see Mt. Wellington and Ben Lomond skip together like young rams for the amusement of foreign tourists. Faith ? ' I 'Yes, we know,' interrupted the Editor. 'But I wish yoa would point the moral with a modern and local instance. I heard a tale ? ' 'Yes, we know,' chipped in the Gloomy Man. 'I was just going to tell it. A cheerful little woman who lives in a quiet street the other day was accosted by a long slab Biaea son ot A.nak. 'Say, missis,1 he drawled sheepishly, 'can yer tell me what sort o* people lives in that i | cottage nex' door ?' 'Oh, yes,' re- j plied the little woman over her garden gate. 'That's Mrs. Soandso's place. She's a very nice person as far as I know.' 'Bat is it a re speckable place ?' queried the yonng man from the conntry. The little woman said she had nnvnr Imnm, I otherwise, but 'seeing as how Mrs, Soandso's husband is away she does seem to have a good many gentle men visitors. Bnt perhaps they come to see a yonng lady friend who is staying with her — or to warm their toes these cold winter nights ' 'Well, missis, that young | woman is my wife ; sho got shook ] on some other bloke and cleared I've tracked her to this place next '™ ttuu am going to take her back directly I can collar her.' With tbat he resumed his walk up and ! down the footpath, with his hat I glouohed down over his left eye by way of disguise and furtively riim. oing from time to time at the door of the suspected cottage with the | other eye. For tweuty-four hours he kept op the siege, but not a wmi came or went by the front dooi. Then Bomebody told him that he ought to knock. He knocked, but the house was emnty; the birds had flown by the back way while the poor man was patiently doine sentry go in the front ! A day or two after he called on the cheerful I nejghbor to tell her in 8tricte8t confidence that though his abscond, ^better half had dodged him eo far be would catob. her directly. He kDew be would, for— triumphantly — ' I've just paid -a pound and pnt her in the ands of tbe lawyers !'' 'A very touching instance of that simple abiding faith which is tbe secret of Urn oountry's greatness.' obserwd the Cynic. 'Poor, dear, simple fellow,' com mented the Barmaid, sympatheti cally. 'Faith in the lawyers' 'ands' !&wau;» the Phll080phek ? * ? 'The keen business instinct dig played by many of our city urchins has set tne thinking,' Bttid tbe Business man. 'These smart kid dies certainly don't look much like the well-groomed city business magnates who flock to church ou Snndays m long black garments of fashionable cut, and sweat their employees on Mondays, but thev are so remarkably like 'em in a boBiness deal that one wonders if there is anything in the theory that the guiding stars of theBe boys are really the souls of long-departed suocBssful business sharks on earth for the second time.' 'Shouldn't wonder,' remarked the Punster ambiguously. 'There is one small mite who runs abont tbe streets at large (ex. cuse the paradox), who is a fair sample. Some time ago he w»8 'rescued by two prim and pious young ladies, and Nipper was pro vailed npon to attend Sunday school for two consecutive Sundays But singing to an appresiative an-' dience on the street corners waa more to his taste. So with great brief the young ladies saw their protege fall away from grace end return again to his old love. One day they were daintily picking inwr wav taroagh a crowd of dirty urchins to whom Nipper was sing. ing a funny soDg. They listened to the song, then spoke severely to the young backslider. Bat Nipper was adamant. 'Gimme a penny!' was his only answer to their pleadings The yonng ladies walked away with their heels close together and their noses in the air. But Nipper persisted, 'Gimme a penny ! yer can't expect a song fer uothin'!' He danced before them as they strode along the footpath, yelling at tbe top of his voice, 'Gimme a penny!' The ladies were indm. nant. 'Go away, yoa dirty boy,' commanded one ; Til tell a police man of you,' said the other. Be gardless of results Nipper then changed tactics. 'If yer don't gimme a copper,' he threatened, Til fling a eong yer won't like.' And without more ado he commenced trilling a lay that woald make a osone image Diuen. They were now in the main Btreet, where long hatted acquaintances bowed pro foundly to the ladies and grinned secretly at the yelling nrchia dog ging persistently their unwilling steps. The 'blue' song continued into the second verse, aad one of the yoang ladies despairingly sought her pocket. 'I want a tbruinmer now,' said Nipper, 'or 1 11 keep on singin'.' The girls gave ui, and Nipper got the thrnmmer. Two gente immediately waylaid him and made him tell them the whole story, I am ashamed to say that they gave him a shilling to sing (hem the 'blue' ratio n^n. *i,-_ laughed ! Bnt two highly indig nant younc ladies who watched the performance from tbe top window of their ancestral mansion didn't laugh. They wept in anger and sorrow.' 'Poor things!' said the Sunday Man, 'they expect too mnch. How can two girls hope to counteract the fearful effects of hereditary bneinesB instincts P' The Landlord looked at the slate, then at the clock. The company took the hint. 