MADAME'S CHOST. It was a curious old house, built In the time of the first Bonaparte. A French lady-tradition said she was a collnee tion of Napoleon's or a very dear friend; she Is certainly not mentioned in any' history-built the house and occuplea it. When news came of his death she died of ,grief. Since then, they said, she would sometimes open a doer into the garden and glide out and is, Keys could not keep that door locked, nor bolts fasten It. This is what the old couple who kept the place told Captaln Pearce when he thought of buying it. He bought. It all the same. He wse slot afraL of madame's ghost. Still, there can be no denying the, act that that door did open curlou:ly at mysterious times. Dirk, the German ioy who had been found hungry on the read and had been taken in and made a ser vant of, declared he had seen madams all in white; but' she had hurt nobodyk And here the family had lived, and' Hetabell, the youngest, had been born. They had all been very happy, despite the mysterious door that would open, and madame's ghost. But changes came, alas! The dear wife and mother died; one son went into business in California; one daughter married a man who to' k her' straight away to Canada; and the other, though not far off, was ptill away. Old Captain Pearce had only his young cat girl with him now, and it is little wonder that he was loth to lose her. It was natural for him to dislike any suitor who came, and particularly dis agreeable to him was any one who seemedto him to take her fancy. When young Jack Halpine offered himself, Hetabell was commanded to refuse him. She did not obey. She simply told Jack that her father objected, and said they must wait until he changed his mind. After that, Jack did not call, but the mysterious door opened very often, and madame seemed to go out and in very frequently. Dirk saw her, from his garret window, in a white robe; but he did not see the white robe thrown aside afterwards, as Hetabell talked with Jack in the arbor. That door was such a friend to the two lovers! They waited long. Captain Pearce did not relent. Jack "followed the sea," and he would never give his girl to a sailor, he said. A sailor's wife never knew whether her husband was alive or dead. Even a captain could not make a fortune. He knew that. For tune had bestowed a legacy upon Cap tain Pearce himself, or where would he have been? He knew the sea and sail ors and he had said "No" once, and "No" again, and "N"' for ever, until, one morning, the ghost of madame left the door wide open behind her. It was found so In the morning, and for a while the servants said she had carried Miss Hetabell with her. But a letter was found on the pillow of her en rumpled bed that told another story. Hetabell had gone away with young Jack Halpine to marry him. She begged her father to forgive her, and she said she loved him and would obey him In anything else. But the captain had no longer any faith in his daughter. Prcm that moment he cast her off. He would not read the letters she sent him, and when she came to his door he told the servant to bid her begone. Still, while the honeymoon lasted, Jack and Hetabell were happy. They forgot everything in their love for each other. To be together always, what a dream that was! And Jack kept it up until money was very low in his purse, and he began to think of filling it. '"The Sea Gull sails on Wednesday," he said, one day. "Does she?" asked Hetabell. " But why do you tell me of it?" l'Why, I sail with her," said Jack. "Oh. you cannot dream of leaving me!' moaned Hetabell. "Needs most," said Jack. "Why. my dear, you knew you'd married a sailor." "You must take to some other busli ness. You must not, shall not, be for ever away from me!"' sobbed Hetabell. But Jack explained to her that at h's age he must go ow as he had begun. Cne day he would get a ship ; then she could always sail with him. But now he gave her his pay and kissed her: and on Wednesday he sailed. The day that he was gone, Hetabell went to her father's house again. Dirk opened the door. "It vas no use, madame," he said,when Hetabell asked him to speak to her father. "No use. De old shentleman is bositiff you must not gome in." He came out of the door as he spoke, and drew it close behind him. * "He vas not vell your fader," he said. "I must not egsite him. He is very queer. lfte has sent avay effry von but me. I cook, I do all. You does a very bad t'Ing yen you marries dat fellow. You never can up pick spitted milk." Hetabell went away again. The ser vant's manner was condescending and offensive. She lived alone in her little suite of rooms. She waited for a letter from Jack. I At last one came. A passing ship had brought the matt of the Sea Gull. Another came when they reached pc?t and now he would start for home-for home and Hetabell-in about a week's time. Later, he wrote that they would be on their way next day. After that, no news; only silence and tidings of fearful storms. Then they said that the Sea Gull was missing. Weeks passed. Months went by, There was nothing to hope for, but Hetabell hoped. At last a little baby came, and he mother lived and the child also. But it was qulte certain now to everybody that the Sea Gull was lost with all on board. And soon the last penny In poor Hetabell's purse was gone. The landlady was a good woman, but she was poor. She came to HIetabell one day, and, in a confused manner with with a tear in her eye, told her that she could no longer have the rooms. "You see, I need the rent," sheseld. "And you have a father, I'm told. Go to him. He's sure to help you."' Poor Hetabe!l! She had sold almost all of any value that she possessed, she offered the landlady her remaining bits of furniture, and the woman accepted them. Then she wrapped her child in a shawl. put on a cloak and hat, and took her last bit of money. She had sold her clock to get it. It went to pay the ferO to her father's home. She had walked from the station, and now, in the twilight, lingered about the garden. She dreaded an encounter with Dlrk. It she could but see her father! But no one came out. A light was lit in the upper rnm none below. After a while Dirk ap 'teared, fastened the shutters, and look -ed about him. She took heart of grace, and went up to him. "*Dirk," she said, 'I must see papa!" The man had looked at her c~ldly be (fr.. This time his glance was furious. "rI viii cbey my orders," he sld. 'You must go away. 'en you marry dot fel low you know it Is ofer here. Go! Go, qulck!" Hetabill went out at the gate and up the road. Dirk entere) the house, and the hbrrs ar'l bolts cloaked within: but Hetabell felt p new Ihpe In her heart Dirk was not obeying orders. She felt sure he ,aq--for seunle purpose of his o5Vn, an xlorfs to keep her away from her rath.r. She ligered in the shadow of the old church until all seemed quiet In t'e house?, then she re-entered the garden. She passed through the neglected space w.sle once flowtes grew in abundanee an?M) came to the little side-door-the nysterlous door-"Msadame's door," as it was ralled. She tried it with her hand, but it was fast. She sat on the old bench iuder a willow tree hard by, 'warmlng her bab, as best she could in heer arms. Tihe tradition ran that on mtoonlight nights madamne's ghost openl this door ireciseily at twelve o'rlock There was a moin to-nlght. 'At tnelve o'clock It was at its full. How long the hour. seemed ! The Churcrt clock told them one by one lnie-ten- eleves-until the mirdnight ,iss at hand. 'All the vllnge sermed asleep. On such a bight she was wont to come forth at that door td minet her lover. On such a night she left it to becomle his wife. How still it was! lHow strange! How dark! A iense of terror iit the air, too, thrilling her every nervec And now the clock was striking: One two - three - four - five - slx-(t?eta. bell's eyes were riveted on the doeor seven - eight - nine - she counted tet--eleven-twelve! eeat Heaven!. The door had opened silently and softly. , She fa|icied a little mist or smoke-a vapour-a shadowy figure, that vanished as she looked upon it. Bald whether this were so or not the dose'of her father's house had been mysterioesly opened to her. S9ot waited not one i?i~tant. She arose and? glided in. She lasw the stairs too well it miss them. Site glided up and entere4 her own old room. The moon shone full through the window. Shq laid the babe upon the bed; aif It; came into hew'mind to lie down there aot sleep, and In the morning to seek her father. She heard him in his own rooul; his heavy breathing came through the. widened crevice of the door. Softly sht srept towards It and peeped in, He slept; ,soundly. His fare looked worn and old, lib the light of the night-lamp. "He will forgive me." she said. Then she took her white nightgown from the hag she c?,vied, put It on. and lay down beside her Iabhe. She left the door open for the comlfort of hearing her fatlhr breathe. Shon she slept, but not long. There was a foot on the stairs. bimerone stealthily desceided from the garret and entered her fisfier's room, She spraltg to her feet, the !blood curdliti in her veins, atrl' stole to the door. She peeped through, the aperture. Dirk stood beside her father's bed, a flendiiti look upon his face, a hatchet lifted'aliove his head. It was evident that,lie 'as about to murder his mas ter. Hetabell was a woman and unarmed; but she did not pause to say to herself. "He will kill me also!" She only flung the door wide and rushed In and upon him. Shie was dumb with lhorror. She •saw he'fitther arouse himself and fix his eyes upon Dirk and start' to his feet; but as for the German, the effect of her appearance was astonishinig. The hat chet fell from his hand; lie shrieked aloud, "It' is the ghost of madame! It Is the ghost' of madame!" and fled to wards the stairs. Down them he rushed to the mysterious door and out of it, and away, blindcy, madly-anywher~e Next morning some fleldward-going ploughmen found him lying at the foot of a precipice, with his back broken, and before he died he confessed that he had long planned' to murder and rob his master. However, Captain Pearce was not afraid of ghosts, and when his daughter knelt and told her story he forgave her. Besides, she had saved his life. Site had come in good time; and who would ever know how the door was opened for her? The old man took Hetabell to his heart again. Nor did he turn from her when one day, not long after, news camne that Jack Halpine was alive. The Sea Gull had been lost; bat many of the crew were'saved by a steamer bound for dis tant parts. NOw he was on his way home, and soon he clasped his with in his arms and shook hands with the happy father. "When you go away again, Jack." the old man said, "Hetabell will" stay with me, and while you are here you will stay, too. Madame's ghost has opened the door for both' of you."-"London Weekly Budget." 