EIDSVOLD [fEOM ODB OWN OOBRBSPOJTD1SNT. I SeDtemher 28. The ivealher has ' been cloudy and threatening rain for1 the last. week. Just now, a slight shower, is falling, and it is to be hoped that it is the forerunner of some heavy falls, for the surrounding country and , the township requires a good soaking ere we can look for a vigorous spring iu now grasses. Mining is also generally dull. Good quantities of payable pre are showing in tho paddock of Messrs. Pugh, Glud, and War nick's claim at St. Johns. We are pleased to note that antimony and other minerals have risen much in value during the last fe-v weeks, and that certain Brisbane gentlemen, btckcd up by powerful London investors, are prepared to purchase copper, shclite, wolfram nnd antimony lodes. Mr. .lauies' E. White, on. Monday last, pegged out a large area at^Hungry Hill Creek— Fome 6 miles from St. John's Creek — and with tho view of holding it as a mining lease. Within this area, is existing a remarkably line antimony lode, three and a half feet in thickness, and showing high grade ore. Communications have been opened with the above Brisbane syndicate ; samples forwarded, and should tbe same assay to a payable scale, an inspection will follow, and most probably tbe ground readily sold. This would mean the im mediate employment of a good qumber of miners and also regular trips from there to Mount Perry for our teamsters. A public meeting was held last Saturday night at Mr. Wm. Cummings' auction mart rooms, the object being to form a mining prospecting association* There was a good roll up of our worthy citizens. Mr. M'Meara of cyanide fame, presided, and a jjpod, practical, and experienced committee was formed. Should all go. well, some four chosen rpiners will be sent out on a pros pecting tour, and since undoubtedly there j are mail v pood reefs awaitiner unearthing in tbe iuinnediatc district, good results Bhould j show. Each member joining tbe associa tion binds himself to pay two shillings per share weekly, and for the peripd of six months. Tbis charge' will come light on individual members, and with a muster roll of a hundred odd shareholders or shares, four good men will be in a position to. do good work. Lady Augusta are raising very nice stone, and with the continuance of stuS of the same quality, will have a bumper crushing ere the wind up of the year. Tbe last return of 3$ ounces was fair ; some of the stone and like what is now being raised, was rich, but being mixed with a good quantity of li ounce quartz, resulted - in the above return. The field would take a big stride up the ladder, if the boys would only try and join with the Empress, and work both holdings on a big scale. Even with good quartz in sight in tbe Augusta, but compaiatively little -progress shows, owing to the fewness of members on work. Such ground is that of the Augusta; gives ample room for a large body o( miners, None of tbe other shows are as yet offering anything bright for' chronioliug. All'' the same though, they are doing' good prospect ing work and shareholders arc confidently backing up with call monies. . Empress Manager Hayes ; is sending his boys on with the Augusta crosscut, tbis latter is now very near the Augusta houndary. Mr. Local Director J. E. White reports a nice change at 695 feet, maybe tbe reef has not vet been passed through. ' ? Cyanide works arc doing good business at the Minerva, and the Eidsvold Gold Re covery Company's holdings, and bullion in payable form thence, assisting in swelling up our gold returns: Another bigdredgingarea has been applied for at Gania, and by Messrs. George Simpson and others. On Thursday night a grand plain and fancy dress ball was held in tbe Variety Hall. 'The'1 latter. had been. very'prettily decorated by sotne of the Eidsvold ladies, 'who also supeiiti tended 'the Wepanng of as choice a sapper as 'lordly man' could wish to partake of. Some 26 couples jfobted the: -floor, ':AndAdanced, and danced jrlgh't tnflrrilyifantil4' o'clock next ^morning. .Among-tHose - Sn ifai-cy 'costumes wo -noticed jtlfo'i . 'wllowirfgV^MTas-, Fineraore, :? t Cin jderella''; ^MCss^Hofoer, ' Magpie''; ^Misg [Farqohar, f*' Josephine'; Miss Brix, ' For ;gat-mb-not'-';o-Miss 'Bailiie, ''-Mary, Mary,' jquitb' Gontrarjp'; - Miss Heffernan, i' Sailor-' :e s'; Miss M. Healy, 'Fairy Queen'; Miss M. Ebrington, Marie Antoinette'; Miss I May. .Sole, 'School GJrl'; MiBB ,rMary DoWzer, ' Dotniriij'1; ' Miss Edna ' Williams, Pack of Cards'; Afiss Maud Sole, ' Good 'Luck'; Mrr. Dr. Fineraore.. ' Violets'; ,Mrp. 'Wortli. ''Spring.' The following ladies wore' ehbice ev^nin'g dresses : — -Met- dames D. Farquhar, Maguire, O'Meara, J. He&ly;, and ±he_ Misses-. M; Vogler, Jeyncs, N. 'Healy, Orr, A. Ebrington, M'Lachlahj Smith, and Payne. ^ The Hospital Rurgeon in-cbief, Dr- Finemore, wore his QiD.F. surgeon-captain's uniform, and looked a real officer. Mr. Hospital Secretary ThOs. Davidson gave-us a good representation bf a ' Soldier of the' tjiieen,' and our worthy, old friend; ,T. P. Maguiro, must have been on a voyage ,'to' the other world, captured Bis marck's ghost, and Spread the same around his ample foriii, for, meeting him in the hall as .' Bismarck,' metbought atffirst that it was that seU.sain'e famous general come to Eidsvold for an evening's amusement. Some weeks back, the Misses Orr and Finemore, and .following the decision of the Hospital committee1 to give a children's plain and fcney rirefes ball, enlisted the fol lowing young ladies as helps viz., Misses Mary Dwyer, Mafy.Brix, May Sole, Hannah Hofner, Mary Healy, and Edna Williams, and froth that time until the day before the ? dance, these young ladies did all possible at the frequent -rehearsals in the hall to make the little one as perfect' as possible in carry- ? ing out tho various dances and sets. We must compliment them highly on the results of their labours, for one could, hardly wish to behold a prettier sceno than was presented to the gaze of visitors to the hall on Friday night. The floor of the large room was just conveniently packed witth the little dots. Tbey were without exception taste fully and prettily dressed for' the occasion, and the manner in which they footed through the most difficult and simple dances was vastly pleasing to the eye. Miss Orr, in her usual cheerful style, presided at the piano, and discoursed sweet music during the whole of the evening, and there was by no means a light task. Very much praise is due to tho Misses Finemore, Mary Dwyer, Mary Brix, . May Sole, Hannah Hofner, Mary Healy, and Edna Williams for the constant attention they showed to the little ones during the evening. We noticed them everywhere, prompting during the sets, at tending to their wants in the refreshment rooms, and doing all in their power to make them thoroughly efljoy the evening. We must not olnse without a high word of praise to the ladies of the committee, among whom Mesdames Finemore, Maguiro, Wiith, M'Dyff, and Miss Finemore, and others took a prominent part in decorating tho hall and supervising the catering. Tho uett results for the two nights amounted to JE30,. nnd this with the Government endowment will reprosenl the nice total of £90 for tho Eids vold Hospital Fund. 