YACHTING NOTES. f [By' BOBSTAT. ] I At the . monthly meeting, of thePort Adelaide Selling Club, held on Wednesday evening, Decem ber fl, Mr. J. B. Blair presided over a- large at tendance of members. It decided to make, at. as early a date as possible, the_ presentation of an illuminated photograph to Judge Bundey to mark his retirement from yachting. The club Shed Committee, reported that the property known as Chant's, at Birkenhead, T-had been offered upon fairly reasonable terras. Opinions, however, were divided as to the wisdom of incurring the lia bility needed for the purchase, and after fruitless discussion the - question was adjourned for . an other month. Prizes were distributed, and a case of wine, the gift of Messrs. G. F. Cieland & Soil, was acknowledged. This trophy was handed to Mr. E. Walter for his victory with Torment in the race for boats over 20 ft. held on December 2. Mr. . T. A. Brock; a Vice-President, through his -son, "Captain" Brock, presented the club'with a handsome silver cup, valued at' £4 4s., which the members derided should be competed for by-boats of. the 18 ft. class on January 6. Ten gentlemen were nominated for membership, and two were elected. It is years since the Holdfast Bay Club was favoured with such delightful weather for its opening demonstration as that provided on Satur day. ' The club has invariably had to contend against either Ftorms or ealms, and disappointments agd loss have in the past been BO numerous that Saturday's demonstration may, I hope, be takm as a happy augury for a successful season. One of the mopt pleasing features of the ceremony, was the presence of so many boats belonging to the Squadron, and Port Adelaide Sailing Club, and "had the engagement not clashed with the race of the Royals the contribution from, their ranks, would undoubtedly have been larger.'As usual, afternoon tea was provided in the Glanelg ToWn Hall, and the social held in the evening only served to e'm phasize the well-known hospitality and bonhomie of the members of the club. The race held on the Port River in connection with the Boyals, as was generally expected, re sulted in a well-earned victory for the Qeisha. Throughout the one-rater proved a worthy match for Reverie, and with a handicap allowance of 7 min. won comfortably with 6 min. 45 sec. to spare. It must be admitted, however, that thfc conditions exactly suited a boat of her class, and moreover she was superbly sailed by her owner and builder. Tern's performance was dis appointing, considering her achievements in the past. Volunteer, with 17 min. handicap, and Shamrock, an amateur biult boat, with 22 min., \vere outclassed. A correspondent, referring to the withdrawal of Judge Bundey from active participation in yachting and other matters, writes: -"The Judge had, and has, a great leve for the sport, and kindred sports. All hands testify to his great tact, unassuming urbanity, and benevolent heart and manner; but they are beyond mere words. The sentiments expressed by a Port versifier, when the Judge was welcomed back from his tour round the world in 1882, and the whole of the South Australian Yacht Squadron went over, night to meet the Indus in the first flush of an Aus tralian dawn, have been echoed and re-echoed: "Thus Bundey. we welcomed again to our shore; May we welcome him less, while we honour him more; May he and his dear ones 'ncath Austral's bright sun Find the goddete they Bought in the goal they have won; And ould honest respect bring them vigour again, Need they journey afar over mountain and mainf" The new club is bringing out many new up to-date boats. Amongst the new builders are Fraser, McKinley, and MacFarlane. There seems to be little to choose between the efforts of each. All are well built, and all are 18 ft. long, with just a sharfb of difference in depth, beam, and model; but 'tis th'e shade that tells, like Ham Jet's father's ghost. The sequel of the' races for the America Cup shows the contention. Tue Shamrock and Columbia were a3 like as twins off the same stock, except in minor matters, which made the major difference. that saw the Shamrock droop. Rut as Sir Thomas Lipton is not a mug lie may yet bring back the prize cup. So be it. 