MUSICAL HOTES The date of Melba's first appearance in opera in .London this season was June 3. Says "The Times":-The theatre was tilled with enthusiastic admirers of the bel canto and of Mme. Melba as the exponent of an art that sometimes Beems to be departing. The exquisite musicianship shown in the treatment of the musical phrases, the amazing accuracy with which the most florid passages are given, and the lovely timbre of the voice are surely enough to account for the furore which the great singer once more created. As a matter of quite se condary importance, it may be mentioned that "Lucia" was the opera. News of the success achieved by Amy Castles has been cabled to the Loudon pagers. In the message to "The Times," giving an account of her Exhibition- build ing concert, at which 14,000 persons were present, she is said to be believed to have a voice equal to Melba's. A cable message states that Miss Edith Kilminster, a young Sydney pianiste, gave a pianoforte recital in London last Satur day night. "The Times" says that she! possesses uncommon talent. Miss Kil-' minster was formerly a pupil of M. Kowal skj, and is now studying in London. The trustees of the Fritz Muller Fund have experienced some difficulty in deter mining the precise conditions of the agree ment under which Master Fritz Mul ler is to receive three years' musical and general education in Germany, but a final draft has been agreed to by the lad's parents, and the youthful musician will in all probability leave by the Darmstadt sailing on the 15th prox. Mrs. Muller will accompany her son, and remain with him until ne is comfortably settled. The sum! raised, £600, will, it is anticipated, suffice j for the period mentioned, and if Master; Muller develops as is predicted during I that time he will return to Victoria, and j further efforts will be made on his behalf. | Last Monday's "Warsaw Courier" (say6 a Paris telegram of June 8 in the London "Daily Mail") announces that Paderewski was married on May 31, with the utmost secrecy, to Miss Helen Rosen, at the Church of the Holy Ghost in Warsaw. The newly-married couple are now in Pade rewski'e villa near Lausanne, where they intend to spend the honeymoon. Miss Amy Castles is reported In the "Bendigo Advertiser" as explaining her future movements as foliowB:-"The first intention was that I should leave by the Arm and Behic on 10th August, but I have been granted a month's grace, aqd shall sail by the French mall steamer.the Ausfcra lien, on 4th September. This will give toe f more time to fulfil mv engagements, and I will return to Bendigo after my Adelaide i concert. Mr mother will accompany me j to Paris. \Ve have letters of introduction I to the heads of the musical world there, and pending our arrival there no final ar rangements will be made. My mother re turns to Australia as soon as I have settled down In my new sphere, and I anticipate several years of hard etudy before I see Australia ae∈/' 