The Town of Babyville. Its the dearest town, the fairest town, the prettiest town to me, Of all the- towns in all the lauds, this ,-i-]e or 'cross the sea ; Its sunshine there, and moonshine there, and starshine all the time, And its never cold, and none get old, in it. lovely summer clime ; There's never a ghost or goblin there, and sin was never known, And no one ever had a pain, or heard a neighbour groan, And the birds sing always, uight ami day, in fact they're never still, In this airy, fairy, darling place, the Town of Babyville. The stores are full of sweetmeats, and they're sold for just a song, The hobby-horses in the streets are free th» whole day long ; The band plays every afternoon, then \ fireworks every night, And all the babies hobble out to see the glorious sight. You kiss them as you meet them, and th-v kiss you when you go, And clap their hands, and laugh with glee, to see you at their show ; The doctor died last summer, andjs resting o'er the hill, ' For none get sick, they haven't time, in tl it- town of Babyville. The houses an* of gingerbread, the feiiie. are of cake ; The river's full of lemonade, and a fiw.en ice cream lake ; You eat whenever hungry, and you drink whenever dry, And pay your board in kisses— that miivK isn't high ; But if you want to live there you have to pay a toll. Some pay it very readily, some ean't. to save their soul '; It's not in gold or. silver, nor yet a paj.fr bill — It's just to bring a baby to the Town ? »t Babyville. Col m: s K\ \\. The liquor question staggers the intem perate man more than any other. The light of friendship is like that of phosphorous— seen plainest when all around is dark. ' Be jabers,' exclaimed Mulroney, ' I\\-- slept sixteen hours ! I went to be-! at eight and got up eight.'' 'This is what is called a fellow feelimr for a man,' as the thief said when a police man is groping for him in the dark. 'The bloom is on the rye,' they say. But everybody knows That he who drinks the rye may haw* The bloom upon his nose. Inferred : 'Isn't your husband a oit dyspeptic?' 'I rather think he is, I know he always disagrees with his ineal-.' The father (from the heat! of the stair-1 'Ethel, is that young man goner' Kth'! (in an estatic stage whNperi: 'Awfully. papa ' Artist: '.lust think, somebody lipik' into my studio last night. l'nfortunat»-!-. I had just begun a study in ^till life.' Friend : ' Was it stolen '.'' Artist : ' No, but the models wen- a ham and some sausages.' A grey hair was espied among the r:t\'-n locks of a charming young lady. 'Oh, pray pull it out?' -be exclaimed. ' If I p'l-f it out ten more will cm' t' the funeral,' replied the one who ha-l ni.i if the di-co\ery. ~ ? 'Pluck it out, nevertheless'1 sal'l tii' dark- haired damsel. 'It's nocons»--jue ?,-' how many come to the funeral, provi.-iH they all come in black.' 