The Brothers COMPLETE IN TWO INSTALMENTS. bt SHAN F. SULLOCK, Author of "By Thraana Eivor," "Ring o' Rushes," &o.;, Ice. fOOPYMQHT.' .Bud-I-B V a „« E, DENNIS I HAYES and I ono60lf» were fi—? Alfti'S ips!®®!? 011 'b® hroad \ 1 roac' whioh Jm from tho |sja shores of JwSk vy Js' %! Lough Lam - MJMA U ar runs "oht fir am' straight /iill through the out- €fi mMmflk/f! 'I Sirts of CaT' IJ/ilRvW/ thon crosses tlifl / f| i f| ' border, and soon is wonding for Lnok town and tho heart of Meath. Hitherto, our way had lain through ' ! an arid country, a place uf bleak rocky mountains, scrubby hills, and baro cottages scattered sparsely among barren onshultercd fields; now, onco in fat Mcatl), suddenly all was changed. From a desert wo had passed, as it wero, to a land of gar dens. Tho hedges sprang thick and tall ; the hills stood round and fruitful ; tho fields lay lush and soft ; here was a fox cover, there a cluster of giant poplars, far off stretched a fir plantation backed by the light blue of a mountain and the lighter nzuro of the horizon; ovorywhere prosperity lay brood ing and smiling — on the golden orchards, the snug farmhouses, tho great wide-spreading pastures. Wo were just in tho thiok of all that; when, suddenly, almost in sight of tbo white walls of Leek, over the liedgorow on our loft roso the gaunt skeleton ot a house. Like the wreck of "somo high arairal" it lay, for lorn and pitiable, its rafters naked to the sky, its window holos empty and moss grown, its walls cruoked and weather stuined ; within aud without a place of weeds and desolation, a home of loneliness and ghosts. Liko a plague spot it showed on tho comeliness of the country side. The sudden incongruity of it all was startling, and involuntarily I turned to Dcnuis. " What, in heaven's name, does it mean said I. "Is — is it haunted or what ?" Without a word, Dennis stopped across the roud, mounted the ditch and stood looking over the hedgerow. Quickly I followed ; and there had sight of tho whole forlornness of the place. Hero was an orohard, tangled, broken; thoro a haggard, empty, and dis ordered ; between thorn lay a garden in riotous ruin, a wilderness of choked fruit trcos. flaunting weeds, overgrown paths, tumbled beehives. The yard was a meadow ; the out houses a loug misery of broken walls and battered roofs. Not n bird stirred in the empty oaves, not a hoof showed itself on hill or fiold ; right and lot't, here and there, was only loneliness und desolation. For a while I stood there looking and wondering; then, quite suddenly and dis cordantly, liko tho sound of a meadow crake breaking through tlio stillness of tho night, came the harsh voice of Dennis. "It gets worso an' worse," said be, and slowly wagged his head ; 44 worso an' worso. Last tirao I came theso parts 'twas only an eyesore ; now — now it's like somo deserted graveyard or other. Ay. It's miserable to cast eyes on it. It's liko soinothiug you'd dreamed of. An', man, the pity it is. The fine placo it was once, tho fino prosperous pluco ; the best pluse in all Meath, an' the best land from here to back again. Yes, air. An' now look at it — look at it! . ... An' all through a woman," said Dennis, and out viciously at tho hedge with his stick; "all through a woman !" 44 A woman P" said I, looking round. 44 A womau, you said, Dennis ?" 44 Ay," returned lio. "That's it. . . . But don't yo know ?" asked ho with a half- turn of his head. "You don't? Thon where, in glory's name, were ye ? Abroad is it ? Aw, yes indeed. Abroad where they live in their ignorance, an' want to know nothin', an4 never see a paper. Well, come away an' I'll toll ye," said he; then loft the ditch, took again to tho road, in a whilo clambered ! over a rusty iron gate and led the way along a. narrow track which ran through tho fields and down the slope on whose broad crest i stood the ruined house. The bost lund iu Ireland," moaned Dennis us ho weut, his hands beneath his coat tails, und his oyes roaming far and near ; 44 an' it's gone to tho devil. Look at it, goin' to waste. Think o' tho flocks an' herds, tho sheop, an' cattlo, an' horses, that ought to bo sportin' through all tbem fiolds. An' not one there is ; not one. An' not a soul is there to be seen. An' hardly a foot over stirs the dew on it. An' — why ? yoask. Well, just for this: That there's a ourse on it ; and there's blood on it ; an' there's a ghost.on it. But wait," said Dennis, with a wavo of his arm. 41 Tako your time. Leavo that for a while." At tho foot of the slope wo came to a Htream, just then somewhat shallow, hut steep and high in its bunks, that ran pleasantly towards tho road (being orossed there by a single-arched stono bridge) and came bickering merrily past tho meadows and poplars aud willow clumps along tho valley. Towards this from the house a path oumcdown, reached a footplunk tlmt stretched from bunk to bank, and wont ou, as it , were, past a hazel thicket, and up the slope on tho farther side. The plank was broad and stout, and worn t-oinewbat in tho middle; it we crossed easily, Dennis crossing himself de voutly tho while, and near it sat down in the cool grass with our feet dangling over the wutor. All was very peaceful and graoious just there, in that golden afternoon ; just a voice at intervals from tho road and the fields beyond it, a soft babble from the stream, the hum of gnats aud tho twitter of birds, ovor all the scronity of a summer sky. Dennis lit his pipe ; leant his elbows on his knees, orossed his arms, and looked at the foot-plank. 44 Ay," said ho, 44 that's the place. Who'd think, lookin' at it now, that sunshiny an' innocent it looks, that ever such things could ha' happened ? Ah, it's wonderful the ways o' the world, an' tho way it changes. An' there's the trees it was tied to ; an' there's the olump he lay hid in ; an' there's where ho fell ; an' there's where she— Never mind; wait till I come to it," said Dennis, sitting upright ; then took two or three quick puffs ana went on. 44 It's wondorfal to tho world," said Dennis, in that sentontious way ho had at times, 44 tho difference there is in people. I often think of it. There's a whole mile between overy man, woman, an' child in every townland ; an' there's from here to Mullingur between ovcry two nations. Ay, there is that. You're yourself, an' I'm mine, an' t'other chap has his own grip o' things ; an' there's more than the sea (for that God be thanked) kecpin' England from Ireland. Take us ae ye like ; m fartnin', in ways o' lookin' at things, in our talk, an' our songs, an' our habits, wo're just as muoh like tho English in these parts us a turnip's like a carrot.- Ay, wo are; an' I'll bring ye a proof by pointin' to the house up thero, an' tellia' about tbe men that used to own it. What happened to them would never ha' hapnoned to ono of ourselves ; tbo way they lived, unf spoke, an' dressed, an' curried on wasn't our way ; an' if you'd meet them out thoro on the road, you'd turn an' look at them, an' say to yourself that the blood in them was ns foreign as a Chinaman's. Yo would so ; an' you'd ho right. "'Twas far back, years and years ago, that the father o' them camo to Meath, an' took the land you're sittin' on, an' settled down in the big house above, an' gavo ur all a squint at his English ways. Ho was a big, hard-headed, oliver man ; a powerful hand at farmin', open enough iu tho hand, a magis trate too, an' as well liked us the kind of him ivor got tho ehance to be. The wife died young ; ono o' tho daughters went after hor ; t'other marriod a Dublin dootor an's there yot ; an when at lust th' ould man went his ways the two sons stepped into his shoes an' botwoon thorn oarricd on tilings. 44It'« them I'm to toll yo about. Th' ouldest was a decent chap— Hurry, they called bim— big, hearty, guod-iookin', freo wi' bis money an' his arink, an' with the boat oyo in tho world for tho points of a horse. Man, but ho wus tho boy could rido, an' shoot, an' make tho fat ri&o; on a beast; an' in fair or markot he was as good at & bargain as . ho was broad in tho hack. Wo liked Harry well those ports; ay, wo did. Ho had always a good word for ono, an' a laugh, an' a joke. If ye wanted advice he'd givo it; if a beast was sick he'd glory in curin' it ; he'd lend yo anvthin' ho had from a plough to a hatchot ; an' no man over went from his door wi' a slack waistcoat. 44 But t'other— thafs Ned — wasn't liko that, aw, 'divil a hit. He wus middle- sized an' dork, an' thin o' tho face, an' none too free with his monoy or his company ; he'd -owe a grudge against his own father an' keep it till ho paid it, an' ho had a temper, a black- blooded ugly temper, that came purely to him from somo ould Saxon cut-throat. Ay, he was dark, was Ned. You'd never know how to take him. Ho couldn't look yo straight in the faoe. Ho never went to a hunt, or played cards, or stood yo a drink, or tried to mako himself agreeablo ; lio'd walk a mile wi' yo an' novel opon his lips, an' hardly ever did a laugh ruttlo in his throat. . . . An' yot there was good in him," said Dennis, and looked thoughtfully at his boots. 44 Aw sure thero was . . . only 'twas a day's journey to fiud il. 44 Well, sir, tho two o' them buries the father ; gives him an' the mother a fiuo tomb stone wi' railin's round it beyond in Leek gravevurd, an' settles down in the big house above. They hud room enough, Lord knows, with all thorn rooms an' hulls an' passages, an' work enough in ail them fiolds ; an' for a whilo things wont swiinmin with them. They wero what you'd call gentlemen farmers; theso kind that believe in workin' with thoir oyes an' wits au' kecpin' thoir bauds in thoir pockets. You'd never find ono o' them at tho tail of a plough, or bendin' a hayfork across hi knee, or sittin' down to his dinner at the back of a ditch. Aw no. That wasn't thoir English way. Thoy know better than that. 'Twas out o' bed at day break an' away through tho fiolds an' tho dew ; 'twas back to thoir breakfast at six. an' out again to sot the men to their work ; thon 'twas saddlo a horse an' away with Harry ovor the land, roamin' up an' down, horo an' there ; an' out after him 'd go Ned, a guu on his arm, a dog at his heels, an' not man nor mortal wi' the ghost of a notion where ho was goin'. 44 No, sir; no man could fathom Ned. Ycu'd see Harry on tho horso a mile away, an' you'd know his whereabouts by tbo laugh an' whistle of him ; but Ned 'd como upon yo as suddon as a cat on the stairs, an" him wi' his oyes down, an' them burnin' holes in everything he'd see. Notliin' 'd escape him ; an' God help tho tnuu ho found wastin' a minute. He'd hardly give ye time to light your pipe ; an' if so bo you'd anger him he'd flare out at yo wi' English oatha that 'd mako ye gasp liko a dyin' fish. But set a woman in Ned's way, bo sbo lady or beggarwoman, an' he'd bo as soft in tho tongue an' bright in tho eye as a draper tryin' to sell yo a suit o' clothes. Yes ; womon wcro Ned's weakness. Ho liked them, an' he said he did, an' he told them so ; an' sure, bein' wliut thoy are, they listened to his blcather, an' liked him back. Anyway, ono did, an' it's no mutter about the rest ; an.' it's about herself I'd now be tellin' yo." Dennis knocked tho ashes from his pipo, slowly refilled and lit it ; then lay back on hiR olbow, crossod liis legs, and looking towards tbe big bouse went on. 44 Sho was tho daughter of ono James Long, a gentleman farmer himself and a big man in his way, that lives a inilo or so beyond tho road there t'other side of the railway. Sho had money at hor back, wus au only daughter ; an' for tho rest was a tight houuein' lump of a lassie, wi' her share o' good looks an' ways, but, as i'ar as ever I could rco, a bit too fine in tho bono an' soft iu the manners for your farmer's wifo. Set her at the piano, or put her on a horse, or sit her in a big armchair wi' a story book iu her hand, an' she was in her glory ; but givo hor a big ohurnin' o' butter to make, or a row o cows to milk, or ask her to lend a baud at tho hay when work was throng, an' where was sho? Phut! She was worse than useless; she'd muddle things, bo in tho way, bo afraid o' soilin' her bands. Shu waa tho kind o' female I havo uo likin for," said Dennis. Her an her likes ought to be put in chairs an' fed with spoon meat. What I liko to seo in a woman is a good temper, good willin' hands on her, a tasto for tho kitchen au' tho potu an pans; just that an' a good share o health. Good looks," said Dennis, 'with a snort. 44 Whito hands, an' nico teeth, au' tho ways of a lady ! Phut ! Thinkin' o' them disgusts me — disgusts mo", and Dennis shot upright, wet his lips, aud looked as ficrco as Brian Boru. 44 Howsoinevor, all that's as may bo," be continued, in a while; 4iau just now ono or another's littlo matter. So long as women's womon an' men fools, ho long, I suppose, will your doll's face bo like a candlo for tlio moths. Ay, it will ; an' so it was wi Long's daughter. Tho country went wild after her. You'd think 'twas the Queen o Shnba had como to life again. Wherever yo went 'twas Lotty Loug this, an' Letty Long that, till ve were sick o' tho name of hor. You'd think she was the only woman on the country side. 4 Good-night, ' you'd say to some young fellow or another you'd tneob. 4 Good- night,' ho'd answer, an shuillo on. 'Aren't yo comin' my way?' you'd say ai that. 4 Aw, no.' ho'd answer over his shoulder. 4 I'm— I'm — Good-night to yo. Dennis.' and off ho'd march to Long's. An' the noxt man you'd meet 'd be goin' to Loug's, and the next, till, 'pon my davy, you'd begin to wonder whore in glory thoy found room round tho hearth stone for all the fools. Aeli ! 'twas siokonin'. I have no patience wi' .such fooleiy. 44 An' there among them Miss Lotty'd sit, makiu' oyes at this one, an' oyes at that, an' she iu her fal- lals an' flounces, an thero tho goineriln 'd sit. worshippin' her, an' gloweriu' at oue another, an' ready to out throats for hor sake. Ach! 'twas siukeniu'. An withal : nor. a finger Lottjf,d ruiso iu favour o' ono more than t'other, not a finger till ono night, when who walks in an' Hits him down but my durlint Ned runith. An' then was tho soattormenfc. Then wus the whillaloo through tho countryside. It was just as if a hawk hud dropped among tho chickens. Every where ye went the jabber was in your ears. 4 Ha' ye hoard tbo news?' this onn'd say, an' tako yo by tho collar. 'Ha yo heard about Ned Smith an'—' 4 Ach, glnck!' you'd answer an' break away ; an' there hofovo you'd bo another man wi' the same story, an when you'd got home sure your curs wero tired hearin' o' the way Ned M-atieml t'other fellows, an' tho fino genteel English fashion ho hud o eourtin', an' tho way ho'd read to Letty from books, an' take her for walks in tho orchard, an' tlio things he was buyin' lor her— brooches, an' hats, an' gloves — an1 tho glee Lotty herself was in, an' rlio big spirits the father was in Rooin' such a fine, moneyed decent boy sittin' by his fireside — sure one's ears wero tired of it all, I tell ye, sick an' tired of it. Who wants to hear o such foolery? Who but a foreigner 'd go eourtin' in thut fashion. Couldn't ho lm stuck his toes in the ashes like another, an' made his kaley, an' stole an odd kiss if ho wanted it now an' then, infltead o' 44 Ach," cried Dennis, "I can't spako o such lunaoy. It's beyond me. There's moro time wasted these parts ruiinin' after women tbau'd do to plough tho countryside twico over ; but when it comes to your English ways o' eourtin' I'm only fit; for cursin. Tho foolishness of it ! An' Ned Smith, too- Black Ned 1 Sure, in a way, 'twas only puro oharity when, one day. Hurry casts ej'cs ou Letty, goes to seo tho father, takes to visitin' at Long's an' seta himself to rival the brother. 'Twas so. But sure — but sure — 'twas foolish, mayho, aftorall. Ah, it was. Think ©' what came of it," said Dennis, and wagged his head doloful. 44 Look round yo an' seo what camo of it. Look at bare rafters up there, au' tho tumbled offices, an' the bare fields. An' all because one day Harry Smith oast eyes ou a woman an' set himself to rival the brother; Isn't it powerful to tho world the strange way things aro mauaged in it ? Isn't woful curious that women can do such things, an' men bo suoh fools ? An' doesn't strike yo as curious too, when yo consider all the females that's scattered over a country- Ride, that two brothers must cast their eyes on the sumo woman, an' full to eourtin' her, an' fall to treatin' each other as if they wero strangers — ay, an' worse than strangers? Eh," asked Dennis, 44 what d'ye think your selfP" to be concluded. 