Sweetheart Couples. We are so often assured nowadays by novelists and others that marriage is a failure, that it was quite refreshing to read a letter the other day in a leading news- paper, which concluded as- follows :—" I have gone over the boundary line of 50, my wife is four years younger, and to-day she is ' my sweetheart, my wife,' and she 'tells me I am still her ' king among own.' " We have oursehres known many couples—per haps, Indeed, the majority of those with whom we are acquainted—who might be described negatively as "married, but not unhappy," but here is a man who can say positively «hat he is " as happy as a king." (Let us try and remember some other sweetheart couples. The first we think of is Edmund Burke and his wife. The great orator used to declare that every care vanished the moment he entered upon hia own roof, so tender, sympathetic, and ser viceable was his wife, and, unlike many husbands, he deserved to have this domestic (bliss. One who knew nlm said, "In the House of Commons only the fiercer pecu liarities of bis character were seen, while at home be seemed the mildest and kindest, as well as one of the best and greatest of human, beings. He poured forth the rich treasures of his mind with the most prodi gal bounty. Ait breakfast and dinner hia gaiety, wit, and pleasantry enlivened the board, jum diffused cheerfulness and happi ness all round." The biographer of the late Right Honour able W. H. Smith thus writes :—" Love lstterg have often been penned amid ctrange environment —'from dungeons and garrets, and from Arctic wastes and torrid African sands ; but surely none were ever more tender or more true than those written by Smith to bis wife from the Treasury Bench, amid the din of debate or the languor of obstructive talk." . The poet and divine, John Donue, who be came Dean of St. Paul's in l«2l, married a daughter of Sir George Moore without th rt consent of her parents, an! In consequence was told by his father-in-low that he «waa not to expect any money from bim. The doctor went home and penned ihe pithy note; " John 'Donne, Ann Donne, undone," which he sent to the gentleman in question, and this had the effect of reatorlg them to fav our. As it turned out, however, Donne and his wife were anything but undone by their marriage, for they were a sweetheart couple until Mrs. 'Donne, who was " the delight" of nor husband's eyes and " the companion of his youth," died at the birth cf her twelfth child. . s Sydney Smith's definition of marriage is well known. "It resembles a pair of shears, so joined that they cannot be separated, of ten moving in opposite directions, but «rway« punishing those who come between them." He and bis wife were * sweetheart couple who did not allow anything to come between them. The reverend Sydney bad no riches except hlB own fine character and great tal ent when he married Miss Pybus, whose only possession was a pearl necklace, which she sold .for £500 to buy furniture for their first house. One day before their marriage he nan into the room where his fiancee was, flung into h«»r lap six small teaspoons, which, " from much wear, had become the ghosts of their former selves," and said, "There, Kate, you lucky girl, I give you all my fortune !" Whether tbla was or was not to symbolise that they were to be " spoons" after marrtage as well as before it, they certainly did lave each other untiUdeath separated them. A present not less interesting than Sydney Smith's six spoons was made to the lady of his choice by Dr. Wordsworth, Bishop of Lincoln, when he was headmaster of Harrov. He sent to her the nine goid meddle won by him at Winchester and Cambridge. Their married life has been described "as near perfection as anything on this side of Eden could be." Another more famous schoolmaster, Dr. Arnold, often dwelt upon " the rare, the un broken, the almost awful happiness" at his domestic life, and carried the first feeling* of enthusiastic love and watchful care through twenty-two years of wedded life.. Writing to Mrs. Kingsley from the seaside, where he had gone In search of health. Charles Kingsley says, " Thlb place is per fect, but it seems a dream and imperfect without you. Absence quickenß love into consciousness. I never before felt the lone liness of being without the beloved being whose every look and word and motiou are the keynotes of my life. People talk of love ending at the" altar. . . . Pools! I lay at the window all morning, thinking of nothing but home ; how I long for it !" Sickness and other crosses visited the home of Kingsley and his wife, but these crosses they took up together in the right spirit, and helped each other to bear them. Sympa thising with a husband's anxiety, Kinggley once wrote to a friend, " I believe one never understands the blessed mystery of marriage till one has nurßod a sick wife, nor under stands either what treasures women are." Mrs, Alexander, wife of the Primate of Ireland, was known as the writer of hymns that are everywhere sung by children. Her husband also writes poetry, but perhaps the sympathetic life they lived together until she was taken from him was the best poem either produced. The famous Bishop Wil berforce, among others, considered them an ideal couple. They were* real chums, if It be nqt audacious to speak in this way of an archbishop and his wife. Referring to the obscurity of much of Browning's poetry, Wordsworth said, when he heard that the pcet was going to man* tho poetess, Miss Barrett. "I hope they'll understand one another." Certainly Mrs* Browning did think that she understood h« husband, for she wrote to a friend. " Nobodjr exactly understands him except me, wh^at hi the inside of him, end' hear him breathe " There would be more eweaUteart couples tf yiarriel people would try more than tiiey do • o understand and make allowance for eacft other. • In the instances quote*, aad in many others that might be cited, marriage was not * tailure, and, amongst others, for the foUow 'ng reasons :—(First, because they continued to be tnveetheart couples, and did not be come indifferent, and perhaps positively rude, to each other after the honeymoon. Tlhea tboy did not rush into matrimony and tike upon themselves its responsibilities when to* young, and without bavin* considered the venture they were making. No doubt, too; they resolved from the firs*, to see the bettt and not the worst, of eaoL other's cjharac *ers. And we may be sure that in none of these cases did the husband try to be <nis ireso as well as master, and the wife to b* master as well as mistress of tfce ooute. Nor when dark days came did either forget that each had taken the other for worse ai veil as for better, for poorer as well a* for rich.. . ' , "He (God) wijl not separate,,u«, we havi been so happy"—these were, the last worflf of Charlotte Bronte, when, f-.svinsj lived hap pily with her husband for more than nine months, death came to snatch the cup of domestic bliss from the llp« of the happy, couple. But God has ordained that even.the most devoted husbands anil wires .shall, at least i.i this world, be separated, probably in order that the thought of this separation may induce them to value each other all the more bc'ore it comes. And surely those wh» have loved each other unto the end in this world tan, if they are the Christians they profess and call themselves, look forward not without hope to that perfect marrissjs day in another world, when — " Earth's lost love shall livt once, more, When lack and loss shall pass away. And .ill find all not found before." . . — "The Lady." Countlew oongr«tulation« will be«howered on Lord and Lady Plunket on the htrtli 01. their son and heir ; and as there at* ibtßafj thre* daughters, the new arrlYal i* *li th». more welcome. Lady Plunket-is, ver; fit tingly, an Irishwoman, being the 7ouag«a4 of Lord and Lady Dufferin's handsome ane\ clever dnughters. Her marriage took place about five .years ago, when Lord Duflerin was Ambassador at Paris. Lady Plunkel's eldest sister, I^ady Helen Munro-Pergusqn. wife of the Liberal whip, is well known In the political world. 