THE AUSTRALIAN ABORIGINES Opportunities are rapidly passing away and becoming yearly less available ot study ing tho lnngungc, manners and customs of the aboriginal races of Australia In their pris tine simplicity, for, according to tho uni- versal experience, contnet with the civilisa tion of the white man has a degenerating Influence on a savage, who, lu bis new en vironment, soon loses the characteristic fea tures which mark his social life iu Its natural condition, and wlint ultimately remains of the native tribe is too ofteu to be fouml seeking rite protection of n mission station or a Government depot. This is what has happened in tlie main to those tribes of the Australian native which Inhabited New South Males aud Victoria. Iu these eolouies, tbe native black, when found, Is looked upon rather as a curiosity and a remnant only of the original occupiers of the soil which the white man has taken from him. In the works of Mr. A. IV. Howitt, Iter. Lorlmer Fisou, Mr. E. .M. Curr and Dr. Roth wc have beeu made acquainted with the peculiar social uud religious organisations of the na tives on the east and south-east coast of tbe continent, hut until quite recently the kis- iory of the inhabitants of the further In terior of the continent has been practically a sealed book. The nature ot tho country In the centre of Australia, and Its difficulty of access, have necessarily made Investiga tion of the local tribes no easy task. For tunately, however, thnt task has been re cently attempted and accomplished with un qualified success, nnd an account of that attempt, together with the results of It, has just beeu made available to the public with quite entrancing details. In "The Native Tribes of Central Austra lia," Baldwin Spencer, M.A., professor of biology in the University of Melbourne, and F. G. Glllen, special magistrate and sub- protector of the aborigines at Alice Springs, South Australia, have set forth an account of the customs and social organisation of certain of the tribes Inhabiting Central Aus tralia. This work is a valuable addition to the literature of anthropology, and exhibits an intimate acquaintance with the cuBtoms of tho aborigines derived from personal in- ostigation on the spot. For nearly 20 years Air. Glllen lived amongst one of the largest aud most Important tribes In the centre of the continent, and both he and Professor Spencer joined the Horn Scientific Expedition which left Adelaide for tho North In 1S04, while they together witnessed at Alice Springs in the summer of 1S0G-97 nn Impor tant series of native ceremonies which ex tended over three months. The results of these investigations are set forth In n volume of some GOO pages, full from first to last of a mass of information exceedingly Interesting to the ordinary reader, and which must un questionably prove of immense value to the student of anthropology. The native tribes which wore the subject of investigation arc spread over tbe central area of the Australian continent for n dis tance of not less than 700 miles, from Lake Eyre, in South Australia, northwards, fol lowing the course of the trans- continental telegraph line, aud extending to unknown limits to the east and west. Some 10 tribes occupy this tract of country, each tribe speaking a distinct dialect and regarding it self ns the possessor of the country In which It lives. Contact with the civilisation of the white man has had a degenerating Influ ence upon tlie tribes dwelling in tbe more southern parts, but further In the Interior of the continent, where the white man has not penetrated, the tribes are found In their pristine simplicity, and still holding firmly to the beliefs and customs of their ancestors. The natives, taking those of the Arunta tribe, located about Alice Springs, as a type, are somewhat under tho average height of an Englishman. The popular notion thnt the Australian nntives are everywhere black is, we are told, erroneous, for those of the cen tral tribes are of a chocolate color. The hair of, the men Is worn long, banging in. .wavy locks over the shoulders, while that of the women is short, which' is due to the fact thnt at times each .woman has to present her hair to tbe man who is betrothed to her daughter, for the purpose of .making him n waist belt. Both men and women go absolutely nude, wearing generally nothing but a few neck laces and a girdle. Like the natives of many other parts of tbe continent, those in Central Australia are accustomed to smear their bodies and plaster their hair with a mixture of red ochre nnd grease. They are governed la their conduct towards each other by a code of morals which, though differing radi cally from that which civilised mankind re cognises, Is not without some plensing fea tures. The native appears to be generous, that Is to say, he will readily give away part of what he possesses, expecting neither any thing in return nor even an expression of thanks. In this he is guided, as in almost all his conduct, by custom, to which he Is an absolute slnve, for there would ap pear to be no more conservative creature under the sun than the aboriginal Aus tralian. The women are not usually treated with harshness, though they have to take a considerable share lu the work of camp life. To their children they are uniformly kind and considerate, the men ns well ns the wo men assisting to carry the youngsters when weary on the march. Bach tribe is divided Into a large number of small local groups, and each of tlicsc groups o'ccnpics and Is supposed to possess a given area of country, the boundaries of which arc well known, and which gives its nnuie to tbe group occupying It. On further examination of a group It Is found that it is composed largely, but not entirely, of Indi viduals who describe themselves by tbe name of some particular plant or animal. Hence one group is known as kangaroo men, another ns bandicoot men nnd so on. Those various plnnts or animals are the totems of the groups which bear their names, and every Individual of tbe tribes is born Into some totem, i.e., be or she belongs to a group of persons each of whom bears the name of and is especially associated with some na tural object. The first Question that naturally presents itself to the Interested Inquirer is whnt was the origin of these Australian tribes. Are they nn offshoot of the negro race? Do they trace their genenlogy to the tribes indigen ous to India? Or are they the descendants of wandering families who migrated from islands to the north of the continent before Torres Straits was formed? For theories have been propounded according to which each of these queries Is affirmatively answered. Messrs. Spencer and Glllen find no data suf ficient to give a definite answer to this con undrum, bnt from their observations of the tribes they are satisfied tbat these are not In a state of degeneration from a blgber type, but rather they evince traces of an up ward movement In the course of evolution. In the absence of any authority more defi nite we are driven to the traditions that the natives themselves hold most tenaciously regarding their ancestors, and especially to that which to the childishly superstitious mind of the natives accounts for the "churlngas" and totems associated with them. Tbe general name "Alcherlnga" is given to the whole period during which their mythical ancestors existed, and at that time, tradition states, there existed In the western sky two beings who came "out of nothing," or were "self existing." At the same time, far away to the east, there dwelt on the earth certain creatures of a rudimentary human form, in which merely the outlines of the various limbs could be seen. To trans form these into complete men and women was the mission of the "self existing" ones. Accordingly, with huge surgical Instruments in the shape of large stone knives, they de- sceuded from their cloudy eminence ' and manufactured the formless masses "In- apertwa" — Into men and women. These creatures "were lu reality stages in the transformation of various nuluials and plants Into human beings, nnd thus they were naturally, when made iuto human beings, intimately associated with the par ticular a ui mat or plant, as tbe case may be, of which they were the transformation In other words, each individual of necessity bc- „ Tlit --stive Tribes of Central Auttraile," by Baldwin Spenccr. M .A. , and p. j. Glllen, London; Mtcmlllsn and po. limited, 1889, longed to a totem, the name of which was of course that of the animal or plant of which he or she was a transformation." These "Alcherlnga" ancestors carried about with them sacred stones — "Cburlnga" — nnd at tho place where each died and wont Into the ground, he left beliluil him his snored stone, In which his spirit resided; but some rock or tree sprang up to mark the spot. Each of these spots is well known to the old men, aud liy tliem the knowledge is passed on from generation to generation. So thnt the country Is dotted over with local totem centres, where numbers of these sacred stones are deposited, aud "it is this idea of spirit individuals, associated with 'Chu- riiiga" and resident In certain definite spots, thnt lies at tbe root of the present totemlc system of the Arunta tribe." Every Indivi dual therefore Is associated with some totem, being either thnt of tho place where he was horn, or the piuce where his mother was when the spirit which he represents entered her body. The native of Central Australia lias a very small acquaintance with work; there Is no need for anything like the eight hours system with liim, for all tlie work ho Is called on to perform Is to go into the bush and 1:111 the emu, kangaroo or bandicoot that he will eat partly cooked for his meal. Cultivation of the soil is quite unknown; he lives lite rally from hand to mouth, and takes no thought for the morrow. As his food supply depends upon the abundance or otherwise of the birds and beasts he can kill, and ns every creature Is connected with some totem, there Is performed a series of ceremonies In relation to the totems, the sole object of whlcb Is tbe increasing of tbe supply of the plant or animal or other natural object after which tbe totem is named. The head man of each totemlc group determines the time and controls the performance of the ceremony for his particular totem. In the selection of the period considerable fore thought Is displayed, and a not too Implicit faith in the efficacy of the occasion, for a „tlnic Ib chosen when there are prospects of n good season; but if the desired result be not obtnlneil, tbe failure Is attributed to the evil influence of some other group. While It is impossible not to recognise the religious as pect of these totemlc ceremonies, yet It would appear "ihnt their performance is not associated in the native mind with the Idea of appealing to the assistance of any super natural being." The evidence Is abundant thnt the Central Australian native Is a strong believer in the existence of spirits, both of his ancestors ns well as of his lately de ceased comrades, but bis religion docs not appear to have developed beyond Professor Tylor's "minimum definition of religion— the belief In spiritual beings." The material supplied by Messrs. Spencer and Glllen will no doubt be of value In its application to tbe theory of the evolution of religion put forth by Tylor, but combated by Mr. Andrew Lang. AYe find, however, no knowledge amongst the Central Australian .natives of an Individual Supreme Being, such as the Darumulun of the Vlctorlnn tribes, described by Mr. Howitt. Yet the spirits of which the natives exhibit such reverential dread are not the mere "spooks" and ghosts of our uursery tales, nor arc they addicted to the "table rapping" of our mo dern sennces. The dead are buried in such n manner as to nllow the spirit of the departed au easy means of leaving and re turning to Its former tenement of clay, and during the period of mourning the name of the deceased may not be mentioned but with bated breath. Amongst Australian natives, In whatever part of the continent their customs have been investigated, every man has to pass through certain ceremonies of initiation be fore he is admitted to the secrets of Ills tribe, or can become n fully developed mem ber of It. The Initiation ceremonies of the central tribes entirely differ from those of the tribes in the eastern and south-eastern distrlcta of the continent, and are more ela borate, extending from the time that a lad is 10 or 12, years, old , until, be, has reached the age of 25, or even 30. Every youth has to pass through four ceremonial stages In the conrse of his graduation to the full rights of citizenship, so to speak. These are graphically described In tlie work before us, nnd tbe description of them is assisted by ex cellent reproductions of photographs taken at the time. To an onlooker tunny of these initiatory ceremonies must have been exceed ingly amusing. Here, for instance, is what a boy has to pass through while graduating for membership of a kangaroo totem group. Being led out blindfold to tbe arena where the performance wns to take plnce, he was placed face downwards on the ground until tho chief actors made their appearance. On being directed to sit up and look, he saw lying in front of him a decorated man who, he was told, represented a wild dog. At the other end of the arena stood another deco rated man, with legs wide apart, holding up twigs of eucalyptus In each hand, and having his head ornamented with a peculiar head gear, being a sacred object emblematic of a kangaroo. This man moved his bend from side to side, as if looking for something, and every now and then uttered a sound similar to that made by a kangaroo, which animal he wns supposed to represent. Suddenly the dog looked up, saw the kangaroo, and, run ning along on all fours, passed between the man's legB'nml lay down behind the man, who kept watching him over bis shoulder. Then the dog ran again between the kangaroo- man's legs, but this time he was caught and well shaken, nnd a pretence was made of dnshing bis head against the ground, where upon he howled ns If in pain. These inove- mentn were repeated several times, and finally the dog was supposed to he killed by the kangaroo. After a short pause the dog ran along on all fours to where the boy sat nnd laid himself on top of him. when the kan garoo hopped along and got on top of both, so tbat the boy had to bear the weight of both men for about two minutes. When the performers got up, the hoy, still lying down, was told by the old men tbat the perform ance represented an incident which took plnce in the days of the ancestors, when a wild dog man attacked a kangaroo man, nnd was killed by tho latter. The first stages of these initiatory processes are even more elaborate, aud extend over a considerable period, terminating In a kind of ordeal -by fire, ontil tbe novices are at last deemed fit to enjoy all the privileges of full member ship, aud to be entrusted with the sacred mysteries of their clan. While passing through the various rites of Initiation the youths would appear to have acquired a social, moral and religious education, for they have become subject to the control of the old men; they have learnt habits of self- restraint and hardihood. nnd they hnvo learned tho sacred secrets of the tribe con nected with the Chirunga and the totems. One of the most striking of their social in stitutions is that which lays down the rales as to marriage, and the list of prohibitions adopted Is scarcely less bewildering than that contained in tbe Common Prayer Book. For the purpose of determining who may In termarry, the tribe is divided into two main divisions, whtch are again subdivided, nnd any man choosing n wife from the group prohibited to him would be guilty of a very serious offence against society. As n rule a native has only one wife, though he may at times be entitled to a certain number of temporary wives, and the interchange of wives Is looked upon as a mark of extreme good fellowship existing between the hus bands. Our space prohibits us from doing more than naming some of the customs, such as knocking out of teeth, nose boring, blood letting and giving, and the avenging of death, which are all detailed in the work before us. There Is also an interesting chap ter on the making aud tne powers of medi cine men and their various forms of magic, 'fhe book must rank as n leading. If not the leading, text book on tbe study of anthro pology in relation to tbe fast disappearing aboriginal races of Australia, and contains material which has been long sought for bv students of mankind. 