CHESS NOTES. uur caniegrams announce that the lirst round of the London international tourna ment, which commenced on May 30, was finished on June 20, when Lasher was lead ing with 11 wins. The other leading scores were Maroczy 10, Pillsbury, Schlechter, and Janowski 91 each, Blackburn 81, Tschigorn and Colin 5 each, and Siteinitz and Show alter 61 each. The tourney was limited to 18 competitors, and confined to masters by invitation only. The names of the other competitors other than those mentioned above, would probably be—Oharousek, Lipke, Wallrodt, Alapin, Schiffcrs, Atkins, Burn, and Lawrence. Br. Tarrasch. is probably not playing, as he announced his intention some little time ago of not com? peting again. There are nine prizes, rang ing from £250 to £20, and several special prizes. Each player has to play two games with every other competitor, and the time limit is 15 moves per hour. The minor tourney, open to amateurs, has been won by Mr. P. J. Marshall, ot Brooklyn, -with a score of 81 wins. . The "Bulletin" says:—The coming chess champion of Australia seems to be C. G. Watson, a Jewish-looking youth, of barely 21\. Son of Marriott Watson, Melbourne, solicitor, and relative of the Ballarat par son and the English novelist, this brilliant boy carried off' local honors the other day, and drew against Wallace in the Birthday interprovincial match. He is at present studying for a law examination, and only plays the royal game as a pastime, According to the "Queenslander" the New South Wales Chess Association is understood to be about to organise an in tercolonial chess congress in 1900, while the proposal to hold a tournament to de cide the championship of the colony ap pears likely to meet with considerable suc cess. In a recent article in the "M.A.P.," Sir "Wyke Bayliss thus waxes enthusiastic over the greatest of all games:—"Staun ton, who was a friend, could give me only the smallest odds; he could not give me the odds of playing without smoking his pipe. I could easily play half a dozen games simultaneously without seeing the board. Now, for the merchant, who has no cares when he leaves his office: tor the parson who has nothing to think about but his next sermon, and doesn't think much about that; for the lawyer or doctor, who learned all they want to know in the days of their youth; for the Parliament man, who lias only to stand in the lobby and feel which way the wind whistles through ujs brains, it is all very well to take life easy, to sing or dance, or go to the theatre, or play tennis, or take a boat up the river. But for the artist—who never can lay the ghosts which haunt his brain-wlio day and night, and night and day, is seeing what no one else can see—visions that he is striving to crystallise into beautiful and permanent shapes, who wears his life out in honest work that makes the brain sweat —for the artist, I say, some quiet, simple,, easy, unfatiguing, refreshing, recreation is needed, and I find it in cheSs." i The Victorian chess championship for 1S99 has been won by E. IL Loughran, chief of "Hansard" staff. This white haired, yet young-looking, stenographer plays a game of the sound, steady, but un hrilliant order. Last years champion, Marriott Watson, studying for a law ex amination,_ did not enter; nor did Eisling, the real Victorian champion. ! The winter tourney of St. Peters Chess Club was resumed on Friday week, Hyctt, conceding rook and move, found a score-spoiler in Othams. Senrle, conceding pawn and moyc, won from Jlult flcld. Esau, conceding pawn and move, found it too much to give Havcraft; and Miss Miller, re ceiving pawn and move, won from F. G. Stacr. All the other games were adjourned. 