NURSERY NOTES. FRIGHTENING CHILDREN. Says an English paper:— Nothing can be worse for a child than to be frightened. The effect of the scare it is slow to recover from; it remains sometimss until maturity, as is shown by many instancs of morbid sensitiveness and excessive nervousness. Not unfrequently fear is employed as a means' of discipline. Children are controlled by being made to believe that samthing terrible will happen to them, and punished by being shut up in dark rooms, or by being put in places they stand in dread of. No one without vivid memory-of- his childhood can comprehend how -entirely cruel such things are. We have often heard grown persons tell of the sufferings they have endured, as chfldrn, under like circumstances, and recount the Irreparable injury which they, are sure they then recelvd. No parent, no nurse,capable of alarming the young is fitted for her position. Children, as near as possible, should be trained not to know •the sense of fear, which, above -every- thing else, is to be - "feared Jn their education. early and - late. Some interseting facts dealing with the fears of children have been collected by a -well-known professor. He found that 1,071 children were afraid of 6,456 things. The leading fears were lightning and thunder; reptiles, strangers the flark, death, domestic animals, watei; ghosts,.insects, rats and mice,- and high words. Some ot the feats were the results of personal -experience thai.ls, in a district where a great jyind had wrought :a havoc the children were afraia of it." In other cases the analysis showed by what means pMents fcad worked upon the imaginaUon of their children. In one district IB poorlittie ones were flreadingthe -endof thewortd. - The mret gratifying fflctof sliwasthatnotone chDdhad__been Mgh toied Jnto bh&ence; or good conduct by the fear «f tbe de\dL A century or two NO thiai fear 'woifla Łayę Jed all the rest rme pleasing inference Is that parents aowdwenuponiaffiection anaiove to •f^m^moóą^m^S'^^'^ instead of terrorising them with Satan a •wrath. ../^-.'-Uci-':;: r : :. ' 