'TBe Victorian Fanners Our Weak 'Spofc' I BoeivSsmpathibebs & Bunkom Fihcamtiks. ? , [By ex-Victorian.] It hus been very frequently asserted' in your , own- columns and elsewhcro tliat tho Victor: '*iun fanners have become sick of Protection, thut'they hitve demonstrated tlio truth of Gladstone's definition that ' it is only a de lusion,' arid of Daniel O'Coiinell's tliut '? it is simply u fraud.' ( That statements made by the writer and others, in regard to results to Victorian agriculture, have not found favor with a number of uorthorn rivers people, who are' loth to recoguise fictions,, wliere they would prefer to believe substantial facts ex ist, goes witiiout Baying. For the benefit of Bucli snnplo-niinded sceptics, I quote the above words, which were uttered by Mr. Benjamin Hoace, at a preliminary meeting ot illustrious representatives of tho Australian Protection , ist. Party, lately assembled in Melbourne, in cluding 'many of the leading fiscal cranks, Who think it necessary to hamper u nation's trade — therefore its production — in order to foster its prosperity. When such eminent N.S.W. restrietiouists as Sehey, Rose, M'FarlanC, and Forsyth, travel over to the working man's paradise, where sweating has never been heurd of, unemployed do not exist, and factory chimneys belch forth slnoke iiight nnd day, as ' a, sure indication of the wonderful prosperity of its people, in-order to assist Messrs. Beuzley, Muugher, and Co., to dish upascicn tifio Protective tariff to exalt I becoming na , tion, we may reasonably expect strong wind bag developments, and, so far as I have read, there is no room ? for disappointment. That high-class fiscal flower, the Argyle Rose, dis played Bplendid blooin, moving t hat the Fed eral Treasurer must raise all revenue through -' the Ctistoin 'House, : but the Victoriah'iftcrtihe tax standing in the way their more intelli gent high tariff notions made such a very Tight-weight potato loo hot for his fellow fiscal grafters to plant. Tlie writer has not unlim ited time at disposal, 'Mr. Editor, as seems to ' be the cose with some contributors to your columns, or he might be able todo more justice to these eminent patriots and others ; but ? as ' the all-important question of the Federal elec tions begin to boom, lie may from time to titnfc endeavor to assist in counteracting their ^Bpurious theories and efforts. In the mean time I would impress on the minds of the, people here that the reported cessation of be-' lief iH, Protection, through the country dis tricts' of the southern province is no myth ; that leading men of the Protectionist body in Melbourne recognise that it is a danger likely , to stand in the way of the Federal Parliament continuing the Victorian high tariff policy, which is the ardent desire of the manufactur ing.oligarchy, voiced and supported by the Melbourne Age and Leader newspapers, which, unfortunately, are a good deal read on both sides of the border, and in other parts of New South Wales. * - * * * * * Several strangely inconsistent complications are existent within Australia at present. I will puss over tlie fiasco of the still-born Daw son Ministry of Queensland by expressing a hope that same may prove the last, as well as the first' combination to get a chauce'of jump ing Ministerial functions in the iuterest of one . class of any- British dependency. Parlianient ary majorities of the two leading provinces, ufter heartily accepting federal union, have - re- shuffled the cards, and handed over politi cal power to the most narrow Provincialists either colony has been cursed with. It goes without saying that a very large and influen tial Section of N.S.'W. people had vainly hoped to escape the infliction of a Lyne Ministry. That Victoria should grovel under the leader ship of a M' Lean, shows that lier cup of poli ? tical degradation lias filled to the brim. Un ; 'i fortunately, in every colonial Parliament, \- men are to be found who, for the sake of office, /are willing to serve under leaders with such records as Allan M'Lcan, the chief author of the stock tax, that wrought such widespread injury ; if man who did everything in his power to keep Australia divided, so that during*periods of local scarcitytthe meat supplies for over a million people might havie to pass through inflated markets, and' the present Prime Minister pockct l\igher coni . missions on sales of Gippsland bullocks. With out any sympathy for Sir George Turner, who took this man as a colleague, I feel certain that his successor's career will not be brilliaut. That it may also have a record for shortness is the best that can be hoped for now. Fed eration will not be consummated any too soon. A few j'ears more of Provincialism, now that uieu such as Lyne and M'Leau are possible as leaders of the premier colonies, would have . been certain to land this island continent into a period of fiscal war, capable of culminating in sanguinary history approaching anything that-lively imaginative powers of the party of disunion, manufactured as being before Aus tralia, federated upon lines of the Knabling Bill. A ridiculous Parliamentary farce was quite recently enacted by a member who, I believe, claims the fathership of the Assem bly, or at any rate by a gentleman who has passed a long life demonstrating the necessity for supplying local consumers with foreign onions, potatoes, and straw, and in- his politi . cal capacity protesting against, the wickedness of such a course. This M.P. took the new Premier to task for declining to plunge the colony into fiscal strife, in order to assert a ' played-out principle ; even after lill occasion for such action had, from his own point of view, passed away. But the politician who failed to secure the Premiership by trotting out ' fiscal ghosts' to frighten N.S. W., and afterwards got the position through a fluke, is not such u fool us to be bullied by Mr. H. Clarke into risking that office over such a childish fad. But, although both these men are comparatively harmless as provincial members, they and Mr. Allan M'Leau,^ of . Victoria, are typical exponents of a political ? faction with powerful ramifications through -? out Australasia, which the oligarchy of manu facturers, of Melbourne and Sydney will sub ' sidise and make nso of. Should this faction get on top in the first Federal Parliament, it will be very much the worse tor Australian . producing interests. \- Railway Co.mmissionbks in 'Tenterkield. ; , —The Railway Commissioners, accompanied ' l»y Mr. Harper, Chief Traffic Manager, arrived in Tenterfleld shortly after 4.30 p.m. yesterday from the - Richmond. They wore ' driven from the Sandy by Mr. F. W. Hoskin atid had tea at the Royal, after which they went .to the railway station and thence to Jennings, whence they took the mail' train for Sydney. Mr. Harper told a Tenter fidd Star man they were glad to get back to the railway again, having left it at Glen limes ' last Tuesday'. _ They proceeded via Grafton to. Lismore and met representative residents there, 'the bulk of whom were favourable to '? the CaBino extension; Mr. Harper very pro perly declined to be 'drawn' about the Tenterfield-Casino route, as the party were passing through as private travellers. ' But speaking personally,' said he, ' I notice tho improvements along the route every time I I traverse it, and I have been along Bonie five times. Probably I notice the increased devel opment more than you residents- would.'— ? HeiiterJieUl Star, 19th. An ex-Scpixkr's Trouble. — The trial of George Bubear, the ex-pculling champion, and initio host of the well-kuown riverside hostelry j ' the White Hurt,* ut Putney, took place re cently.' 'Bubear, ifc will lie remetnbereil, was / ?committed for trial on a charge of having, in \- association with a clerk named Barker, ob tained money by false pretences and having conBpired to cheat aud defraud bookmakers. ? ' The evidence against Barker was very con clusive, but against Bubear the prosecution's ' caso was not particularly clear, and though the jury found both men guilty, the Recorder (8ir Charles Hall), whilst sentencing Barker. \- to git months' hard labor, postponed seutence ou Bubear till next session. Buhear'B dcfonce wus that while he could not deny being a party to the betting transactions, he was innocont ?of fraudulent intention, ami knew nothing of the triuk to which Barker and a rnjs3ing party named Noruaan resorted. 