THE VEXATIONS OF A VEe^HRIAN. Husband and Wife as Partners in a Gai'dleri— Thrilling Experiences. Feminine Failure, \ ., * f\ '??'?;'?.'''?? '{By 'BOONDL'): 'V':'-:-. :-;'v4^-:: V-.'-V''-' '' F the good advice given in the' excellent lectures of Dr. Muskett, and the ex cellent letters of Mr. Henry, was closely ^ followed by all, the doctor's occupation would be gone, and instead of bowling round in their carriages, ' as they do at present, they would be Te ducpA tn sp.ra-niTier iyalTi+. off park railings and cutting grass with a carpenter's adze, as I saw some of the unemployed doing during the recent jolly and fat Christmastide. The danger is not immi nent, however, for most of the advice given by the good men mentioned was ad dressed to women, and, 'as'- a matter of course, it went in at one ear and out at the other. Tell a woman the exact cock at which a Summer hat should.be worn, and she will remember it in her bones, even though you boil her down into soup. Tell her that twenty bilHons of the rod-shaped typhoid baccillcan be produced in a. week from a single germ and she will say : 'How lovely ! What a pity hens can't lay egg3 like that !'. and then she'll forget all abosit the matter inside half an hour. A woman has no sympathy withnhe romantic or pic turesque side of Nature whatever. ..» . - ? ? . -' '*. ??»- Almost every woman wio has arrived at 'the age of reason (they really do get there s-nnetimea)!is, ambitious to;. be a wii&Vahd;, mother, : but how many endeavor before marriage to possess the knowledge neces sary to fit them to cope with the grave re sponsibilities of the glorious position . tliey aspire to ? About 2 per cent,, and .the rest trust to luck and the gratuitous and fearful advice given by all the elderly fe male members . and friends of their . fami lies. This fatuous course of conduct is not thei fault of girls, however, for the young woman who asked questions . relevant to child-rearing and the like would probably be jumped upon as 'unmaldenly,' and be shut up. in a ; stone cell and guarded by dragons, it dragons, happened, to be^plenti ful.at the time. No girl .would be allowed to cut up a yard of calico to make a blouse for- a boy until she had learnt something of the art necessary to shape and make that garment. But when it comes to a matter of bringing a boy into the world all know ledge connected with that event is supposed ?—like Dogberry's reading and writing — to 'come by. Nature.' These strictures do not apply to Jewish women. The young Jewess will speak to her mother with the greatest freedom about everything con nected with both the single and the married state, and the result is shown in the good wives and mothers which the star-eyed daughters of Solyma invariably make. There's a deal of reform wanted among Christian communities respecting the edu cation of girls, and the first thing to do by way of properly starting that reform is to poll-axe that old harridan known a3 'Mrs. Grundy.' .'*'?» ♦ *????? Dr. Muskett stands strongly out for a vegetable diet. And so do I, only I happen to be like the poor boy at the charity feast, who persisted in having butter on his bread instead of jam, and who, on being asked the reason, significantly said : ' 'Please, ma'am, I. works at' the place where that dirty stuff is made !' I have not exactly worked in a Chinaman's garden, but I have seen the Chows at Work, and I have in spected their vegetable-raising .appliances and- the like, and since then 'I invariably re ply, when pre33ed to surround something in the greenery line : 'Not any typhoid on my plate to-day, thank you !' Anything more filthy than the way In which some Celestial vegetables are 'forced' cannot be imagined, and to ask anyone to believe that vegetables so raised can be healthy is simply to insult their intelligence. Some say that this trouble can be overcome by dealing with European vegetable-sellers only. I 'tried that until I found that my European bought all his garten 'truck' from a Chinaman and charged me more for the privilege of getting vegetables second hand than the Chow vrould have supplied them for at first cost. Then I weakened, and cast the European off, even though he told me with bitter tears running down his weather-stained nose, that he was an or phan, and he was bravely striving to keep two wives under one roof and rear a double family in honest respectability, and pay crushing taxes as well. \- * * « e The only way of obtaining pure vege tables, which you can depend upon, is to Praise them yourself. And if you have got a wife to help you, you can't do that even though you worked- 16 hours a day, and lived to be as old as Methusalem's maiden aunt. There comes a time in the life of every man when he seems Impelled by some unaccountable devilish promptings from within to attempt two things— write poetry and make a garden. Of the two, the latter seems the more dangerous, for a man may eat the results of his gardening and die, or 'at any rate, fall seriously ill and be treated by an expensive medical man,, or a still more, expensive 'quack,' but \ have never seen any man eat a book since St. John swallowed one on the Island of Patmos, as described in 'Revelation.' The first mis take a man makes in starting a garden Is to tell his wife what he intends to do. The moment he makes that announcement his superior half, catches, on Ttaithe idea with an enthusiasm that is more disastrous than three seasons of droUEht and an earUi quak9:thr^nl InV . ??:&}&&? fot All;'! the r wife goes lnto^ ?'?Captures*'-. .-ojirer r they garden; her mother 'used. to;ifeeep3irid then she draws golden pictures 61 /the. ;blessing it will be to have vegetables \ fresh from their own vines every morning.; .not to speak of all the pocket money she will make by obliging the neighbors with' a few dozen -heads of cauliflowers. and the like by way of getting rid of the surplus stock. All that some women want is ,a- rake and a rag bat and a penn'orth of seed. pptatoes, and -they fancy they are directors of a Royal Agricultural Society straight away. One eventful morn,' generally a holiday morn, the Man. and Missus sally out to start their priie garden. [The man takes a spade and Works. himself into a fearful perspira tion, ..while the missus, ' wearing a frightful atrocity, in: the shape, of a straw hat as large as a. cart-wheel tied round the centre and underrthe: chin : with ;an old red hand kerchief, hops about like an old hen on hot tarv and gets under the man's feet, . and shrieks; at the worms, and loses her shoe, and -Wonders what ever will come -upon them if ? the man -continues to use such awful language. Finally, after the man has rooted up ; enough earth to almost enable, him to see 'down to the Soutih Pole, he makes the interesting discovery that his wife had: thoughtfully emptied all the seeds he had; into 'one, large soup-plate, because, as she. lucidly explains, it will save time to have all the seeds- just under his hand, and, besides, there will be only one plate ?to clean. .-- The man; looks at. the woman silently, but very attentively, on hearing this, and -then' he goes off and leans across. a fence, and communes with Nature, and makes.; sundry lurid references to someone —probably a former flame — named 'Helen Blazes.' Presently, the man gets a fresh supply of seeds in separate papers, having thrown the miscellaneous job lot to the fowls, 'and then by. the aid of a, hoe and a line and a bit of stink, he starts planting operations. The woman-'. follows- -well in his waka, and when he . sets, some cabbage plants she surreptitiously pokes in a lot of petunia seeds, or some dahlia bulbs, to keep them company, and give them an agreeable flavor. Getting hold of the bean seeds, she jabs them down altogether in a quiet little corner-; by 'themselves, and then she sows some radish seeds and buries them under enough . earth to keep down 'Fisher's Ghost(' or build a mud cabin. Then, feel ing quite proud of her achievements, she tosses the long handle of the rake over her shoulder^ so as to fasten the rake^teeth in the man's hair, and walks off the other way, until the mafc draws her attention to the . fact, thaf he had already combed his hair once that morning. — '?* - - *?',?*, * At this, juncture the w&man; suddenly dis covers a much better place for the beans than, where, she set them, but having for gotten the exact place, she left the' seeds, she starts rooting: round to find them, and in a Very short spdee' of time succeeds in uproo.ting pretty nearly everything that has been planted. All this time the man is working : away like a steam-engine in breeches; blissfully unconscious of the 'im- provements' the woman has made in the programme,, and the.:woman, having just effected- a cunning Coalition of tuberose bulbs and potato-onions -in the one bed, is about to. step back -and admire her work when she puts her foot. on the board upon which the, man has all his seeds set out on separate, sheets, of paper, and away goes the lot sailing gaily, on. the. breeze to the four corners of the earth. .'? , .. ? ♦ , ' * m Just as' a. paper of' cucumber seeds hits him in . the off eye the man throws down his spade savagely, and, in the bitterness of his soul, yells out : 'Oh, d— n it all, woman, why don't -you go where you're looking?' Can't;; you sit still for two minute3 at a stretch, and not go jumpin' about like, an old .grasshopper on a duck farm? Here you've gone and put your beetle-crusher- — ' .'Oh,, you vile wretch!' shrieks the woman, as she shies the rake at the ..man's head, and lames four laying hens, in the. next paddock. ? ' Oh, you mon ster ! To talk to me of beetle-crushers, and you know' I only .take small 'three's', and you yourself,, before I had. the bad luck to marry you, used to say I had the dearest little -feet; in the world ! Why, one day when I wrenched my ankle at the Baptist picnic, and you nursed it on your knee, you said I was a ; perfect Cinderella, and my foot was wbrthy to be encased in a golden shoe with diamond. buckles, and- ? ' 'Ob, draw it mild !' interrupts the man. -'I've been drunk in- my time, I know, but I was never so idiotically drunk as to blatherlike that*— and, good heavens, get up ; you're sit tin', on the strawberry plants, .and got 'em all mashed into- mush.' 'Bother your old plants,' leturns , the woman, as she scrambles- to her feet and sets off for the house, 'and bother -your old garden, too ! I'll not do another hand's turn In it, not if you went down:' oni your bare' knees and begged me to — now, see. w.hat you'll get for your insulting conduct and remarks.' 15 ? . « . ? . ? ' '?' By this, time the man .has glanced around to get a faint idea of: what the woman has already done by way of assistance, and then he .sinks down on1 the well -manured soil and loses all 'heart, for he feels that the cruel hand of Fate, aided and abetted by the two. hands .and- feet of the woman, is waging war against him and his efforts to procure clean vegetables for his own table. In his' woVry ' of soul he leaves everything, just; as it ris, and, furthermore, he leaves the gate wide open, and 'returns to the house and shuts himself up. With all his' crushed hopes, and :the evening papers. That night a cow /takes possession of the garden, and the ruin is complete, for she eats everything-, within range except the long-handled- rake and. the woman's. awful hat. ..-The, neighbors, have long since de spaired of receiving. - presents of home reared vegetables,, and a pig-tailed pagan calls 'round as usual with his dully load of typhdid-laden' greets and IuscIoub fruit, the rosy glow of which speaks of vigorous polisOrLttg with -the '. bed-clothes and. gar ments of the' slant-eyed '- sinner who has driven the Caucasian/ clean out of the mar ket altogether. ,.- . . , . : 