THE SCHOOL MAID AND HER FATHER Girls are generally credited with being more dutiful than their brothers to the wishes of their parents; probably ma ternal influence is responsible for this. Boys—school boys at any rate—are pretty well all tarred with the same brush, their first step in the direction of striking for liberty not infrequently amounting to playing truant from school, or "wagging it," as it is frequently termed. What ever the early offences of young ladies may be, they have rarely been charged with that of playing truant. As an in stance of obedience to paternal wishes may be quoted the following:—Miss Alice Marner is the daughter of Mr. George Marner, of "Lamineton," Vic toria-road, Auburn. Miss Marner had been very ill, and upon returning from school she experienced a continued lan guid feeling that made her most miser able. In the course of conversation with a reporter, she said:—"Father took me to see a doctor, and he said I was over growing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so, there was no fear of my dis obeying this order, and I took the 'quinine tonic' given me with regularity. Then I commenced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any reBt." "We tried everything to induce sleep," interposed Mr. Marner, "but it had no effect; then I consulted a well-known Collins-street practitioner. He said my daughter was suffering principally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but she returned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in the morning; and food taken coula not be kept down. She lost flesh and became a mere ghost." "This time last year," said Miss Alice, "I weighed 7st. 3lb., now I am 9st. 71b." "A great improvement; your treatment must have been beneficial?" "No; all the medicinp I got did me very little good. Actually Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People deserve that credit. Just before the Jubilee holidays last ?ear, father bought me a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills at Mr. Pleasance's, Chapel-street, Prahan. I had heard so much of the beneficial changes which they had produced in others, that I obeyed father's wishes that I should be careful to follow the directions. I am glad to say that they did me so much good that I continued with them. It is a long time since I discontinued taking them, and I am now as healthy as any one could wish." "And you would recommend them?" "Yes; and that strongly, too," said Mr. Marner, "had I known of Dr. Wil liams' Pink Pills two years before, it would have saved me a hundred pounds." A perusal of the foregoing must have shown you that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People accomplish cures after other remedies have failed. They did in Miss Maimer's case. For rheumatism, influenza, bronchitis, pneumonia, sciatica, lumbago, general weakness, &c.;, given a fair trial, they never disappoint. Avoid substitutes, and get the genuine pills with all seven words—Dr. William's Pink Pills for Pale People—printed in red ink on white outside wrapper—of chemists and storekeepers, and the Dr. William's Medi cine Co., Adelaide, S.A.; six boxes fifteen and threepence, one box two shillings and ninepence, post paid. These are the pills which cured Miss Marner. It is our pleasing duty to draw the at tention of readers to the stability of the New Zealand Insurance Company, which is admittedly the Premier Colo nial Fire Insurance Office of the colonies. The business done by this office is ever on the increase, owing to its popularity not only in this colony, but everywhere throughout Australasia, where agencies are established and every description of risk covered at the lowest current rates. Farmers and others would study their own interests by insuring in this firmly established office, as the premiums char ged are at lowest curent rates. We would also remind our friends and subscribers that this office has been a consistent sup porter for years of "The Southern Cross." Small kindnesses, small courtesies, small considerations, habitually prac tised in our social intercourse, give a greater charm to the character than the display of great talents and accom plishments. 