DYING NATIONS. A nation only lives a fev thousand years. Look (says tho Daily Mail of May 3) ai the great nations of 4,000 years ago. Egypt, Yucatan, Mexico. Peru, Assyria are all dead and buried. Cbiiia in ouly staying alive to save funeral expenses. . The next generation of nations included Rome and Greece, and these are like galvanised ghosts. The third generation, tho Turks, Moors, Spaniards, Moguls, Dutch, Scandinavians, are alive, but have 1 lost their power. From this yon will see that the nations in hot countries die, and stay dead. The nations of cold countries rise, beoome great, fail, lose their outlying dominions, and yet stay alive. That is because the land does not lapse into jungle like Ceylbn and Yacatan, or change into desert like Assvria and Egypt, but remains fertile, providing plenty of food. 1 Now to apply these facts. Great Britain, the United States, Russia, and Germany aro gaining in population, weolth, and power ; but the British Empire is extending more rapidly than any one of tlicm. Com pare her with France, 'for instance. A couple of centuries ago, when France owned most of North America, and was founding a vast empire in India, Paris was bigger than London, and was the capital of the civilised world. To-day Paris has 2,500.000 people, and is the capital of the arts and fashion. But London has 5,000,000 souls, and has taken the plaoe of Paris as tho metropolis of the world. The British Empire is growing, and it will keep on growing, along the linos of least resistance. At tbe present rate the whole land surface of the planet will be absorbed by the year 2349 a.d. But as Greater Britain grows it conies into closer contact with the boundaries of the United Staten, Russia, and Germany. Even if we coulrl, we have no wish to swallow these or any other dccently governed countries. Tbe United States, Russia, Germany, and Japan arc playing the same game. The British Empire is nearly as large as the four combined. As England does not wish to conquer the well-governed countries, the area open to annexation may be diminished by half. In that case all the world will be properly governed by the year 2012 a.d. So in 113 years from the present time the British Empire must stop spreading for lack of room on the planet. Even then it will grow in wealth and population, but. meanwhile these little islands are getting very old. Sooner or later we may feel the weakness of ago. and be no longer able to fight for our possessions ; our colonies may cut adrift from us ; the conquered countries like India may revolt. If all tbis should happen, aB politicians of a pessimistic temperament are already predicting, it would only be a case of history repeating itself. How long will that be ? Well, Romo rose in 400 years, as wc did, and took a thousand years to declinc. Our empire is infinitely greater, stronger, and more loyal than the Roman. Suppose we say 1500 years before the Little England party wins a.general election, and little England is a second-class power, as she was in the days of Henry VIII. 