NOTES ON THE CABLES. (By Rhodesian.) By the early cables we receive in telligence that a traitor has been. dis covered among the Imperial Light Horse endeavouring to poison the water and fodder of the horses. This is hardly to be wondered at. Every force raised in South Africa, volunteers or otherwise, must have a large per centage of Dutch-speaking members. Some no doubt might be open to a bribe. This man, at all events, was. He, however, got his deserts, and his aims were frustrated. From the Western frontier the first cables state that Lieut.-Colonel Keke wich had received information from the natives that the camps to the south of Kimberley have been vacated, and that Cronje is marching south with 3000 men to intercept General Methuen. Another cable, with the authenticity of Reuter, states that Cronje was pre sent at the engagement at Grass Pan. However this may be, Colonel Keke wich is sufficiently wide awake not to be led into a trap. Further returns are to hand of the losses at Belmont, but we are only getting at it piecemeal. The safety of the 9th Lancers is assured, but no losses are returned. The losses of the Yorkshire Regiment are reported as seven killed, 40 wounded, and six miss ing. The North Lancashire Regiment report one killed and eight wounded; and amongst others 10 casualties. It is reported that several of the New South Wales Lancers, under Lieutenant Osborne, killed several of the retreat ing Boers. A portion of the New Zean land contingent has been entrained for De Aar, and we may presume that the remainder of the colonials will soon be sent up. Intelligence is anxiously looked for from both the western frontier and the Natal side. On both sides something very decisive must happen before many days pass. On the Natal side Major General Hildyard is advancing, with the intention of cutting off the Boer retreat, .which is being made via Weenen. That Ladysmith will be re lieved goes without saying, but there will be a fight before this is effected, and the losses will be heavy on both sides. On the western frontier there is also bound to be some hot work. If Cronje is the man he has always been sup posed to be (but, mind you, always on the winning side) there will be heavy fighting round Kimberley before the end; but, considering the country, it is very difficult to estimate what the movements, will be. What the ulti mate result will be is very easy to see. At present, after the relief of Kimberley, the first thing Lord Methuen will do will be to send a force to the relief of Mafeking. This force will probably follow the railway line through Warrenton, Taungs, and Vry burg, settling these places en route, and by settling them have the same effect on Kuruman and the surround ing districts. Lord Methuen's main force, with almost all his cavalry, will, and must, chase Cronje for all he is worth over to Bloemfontein, where no doubt a stand will be made. The dis tance is little over a hundred miles be tween Kimberley and Bloemfontein, and possibly General Gatacre will be able to get up there by that time and have the railway in going order. General Lord Methuen's big guns and heavy baggage are most assuredly to be sent round by railway, as also per haps some of his infantry. Bloenofon tein lies between a range of low hills to the north, and some rising ground to the south, on which the principal fort is built. East and west the country is flat and open, and the town, save for the forts on the hills, en tirely unprotected. General Catacre will probably be advancing northwards, but has plenty of opposition to fear, especially at Springfontein. There the Boers can take advantage of the Sartz kopjes, but between there and Bloemfontein the country is only like a bowling green, and the Boers have not a ghost of a show on it. This is the country for cavalry, and here they will get their show. As soon as Colonel Baden-Powell gets word of reinforcements it will be most surprising of he does not make a dart at the Boers and hunt them right into Krugersdorp. No trouble need be feared from the outlying districts as long as the British are in the ascen dant; neither is there much to be feared from the Cape Dutch in .the Colesburg, Aliwal North, etc., districts. It was all very well until they saw the weights on the scales, but now Messrs. Van Ransberg, Piet Grobler, and Co. can look somewhere else for their backers. At the last moment, and before the ink had dried on the paper, we have received intelligence that General Lord Methuen has fought another big fight, and defeated 8000 Boers on the Modder River. Particulars will be anxiously looked for to-morrow morning. This means without a doubt that Kimberley is now relieved; Ihut we must wait for the morning. 