THE BISHOP AND THE GHOST. DR. THORNTON'S STORt . I caled one winter's day, writes the Bishop of Blolarat, in the corrent num bhr of the '' Fireside," w) i - rector in a large parish of England, at the residence of a merchant-a new and extensive boose, elaborately fitted with gas stovres and brackets and all recent appliances. Upon being shown into th4diningroom, where all the family were assembled, I at once saw that something was wrong. oon .the story was told me. There was a ghost. It was believed a girl had been immured in the basement of the next house, which was in the course of construction. Of course,"' I said, you harve communicated with the police ?" ' TYs," was the reply, "and a police nan is on duty to try and get her. But it is no good." The servants hal all girven notice, and nobody know what to do about the ghost. I went down to where the noise seemed to come from, and, after return ing, suggested that I should be allowed to control the family domestics and house for half an hour. Permission was granted. I then had a tnikwith twoser oants. Afterwards, with the family, I went down to the cellar while the fear ful groans continaed. " Avaont," I cried, in a loud vrice, " Abracadabra, I charge thee to abate these wailings." Slowly the noise died away. " Aldiborontophoscophormio !" I sbouted again. ". Chrononiotonthologcs ! Now raise thy voice as lond as thou -anst raise it." Once more the groans waxed louder and louender, reaching such a climax that my compsnions turned to bolt, but a lend peal at the door bell transfixed the t with sudden terror. Then his lordship explained. The horrible cries were caused by the gas. A small piece of grit had got into the pipe, and the gas going over this had created the row, which, as the quantity turned on in creased, grew in force. The servants had, at my request, first lowered all the lights, and, when I shouted the second time, turned all on full, producing the distressing noise. The gas fitter soon removed the obstruction, and nothing more was heard of the ghost. 