Catholic Notes. On a recent Sunday there took place in St. Francis", Glasgow, a ceremony, the like of which has not been seen in Scotland since the time of the Reformation, viz., the translation of the relics of St. Velentine (which have Been brought from the catacombs in Rome) to a shrine prepared for them at the base of St. Joseph's altar. According to the law of the Church, no relic can be exposed unless it has been legally authenticated, and the authentication verified by the bishop of the diocese. This particular relic, wi^jyh hn« now been exposed for^ffi^^^rtipn, has passed through': vicissitudes, but^Ep^ye of the Chte&' Bos ever been T rt PV^dings were digfcfi^d bym\y«p$aarartoe 'of the venerabVt+rtHiar Bishop „^f /ericho, the Right ^for.vEiiettite. QM, . Potron, who came tj»^sire of Pope Leo XIII. to attest" fhe genuineness of the relic. A London correspondent reports, says the "American Catholic Standard," of September 9, the conversion of the Rev. A. E. Gledhill, Anglican curate of Hoonsea. He relates, furthermore, that Mr. George C. Williamson, doctor of literature of the Mount Guilford, a wellknown author, has been received into the Church, together with his wife and children. The choice of tohe Little Sisters of the Poor in the election of a fresh Superior- General has fallen on the Rev. Mother Therese, of the Immaculate Conception, a religious as enlightened as she is holy. The sitting of chapter resulting in this election was presided over by Cardinal Labure, delegate of the Holy See. Some of the beet families ' in France can point to their daughters among the Little Sisters of the Poor. What a stride the congregation has made in the last fifty years, and what a difference between the recently elected Superior and the humble Jeanne Jugan of half a century ago. "A Protestant." says in the "Anglo- Celt " : —"You Catholics of Cavan are a queer lot. Who is it you have appointed to the first positions of emolument at your disposal in Cavan, Belturbet, and Cootehill ? Three Protestants as Borough Engineers. Oh, you awful Papist bigots!" The friends—and they are many—of the Very Rev. Fr. O'Keeffe. O.S.A.,'will, says the "Galway Pilot" regrtet to hear of his departure. He has been appointed to Rome to the post recently held by the Very Rev. Prior Glynn. He will proceed to Rome about the end of the month. Fr. O'Keeffe. who is a native of Kilkenny, is one of the most cultured gentlemen of the Order. His departure from (jalway will be much regretted, for lie was very popular, particularly with the congregation attending the Augustinian Church. Nine young ladies, four of whom belong to Cork, and five to Galway. left Queenstown on Thursday. September 14\. in the White Star steamer "Majestic," for New York, en route for San Antonio, Texas, with the object of entering the Convent of Order of the Holy Ghost. They were accompanied by Sister Margaret Mary, who is the Rev. Mother of the convent at San Antonio and a native of Killaraey. She c-ame to Ireland some short time ago for the purpose of obtaining young ladies who had a vocation for a religious life. The Order which they are to join is only established about eleven years. It has two houses in Texas, one in San Antonio, and the other at Victoria. They are about ISO miles apart. There are only three professed Sisters in each, all Irish, and they devote their entire time and services to the religious and secular education of negro and Aztec children exclusively. Iu his letter to the "Times." says the "Tablet," Sept£«ib«^J^. Card ill al Vaughan incidpJ<£a3fy>;'hat he had been mi<fcil£«j;iflTrtrppdgi^^lonel Picquart /fa,, bfe" a Catholic. L. Van Glehnl petxb sfafement is "an eL-or " ana IWs iff be "aHowed to "rectifjV*-^. fle doej-^^ %- this fashion: atoquaintante^;f)f Colonel Picquart, to know, assures me that the Colonel, though now a freethinker, is a Roman Catholic born and bred." Mr. Conybeare also says Colonel Picquart is a Catholic, but whether he means in Mr. Van Glehn's sense or in the ordinary acceptation of the term does not appear. Mr. Conybeare adds: "Although, when he was in prison, last Christmas, his English admirers sent him as many as twenty Family Bibles as a seasonable gift." Mr. Conybeare seems to think that a man who can remain a Catholic in spite of twenty Family Bibles must be a true Papist. The "Newcastle Daily Chronicle" recently contained the following announcement: "Mr. James Fitzalan Hope (son of the late Mr.* Hope-Scott, and a nephew of the Duke of Norfolk) is organising a movement haying for its object the reform of the procedure of the Roman Curia, and he is endeavouring to obtain an influential presentment . from English; Catholics to the Vatican authorities en the subject." 