COUNCIL COMMENTS. Br THE SlLB!tT MeHBEB. It would appear from a discussion in the St. Kilda Council at its last meeting tbat the historical bill of costs incurred over the marine store prosecution still bars tbe way to peace and amitv. Or. O'Donnell has stated that he has been for the past three months endeavouring to find out who instructed the solioitor, and who incurred the expense, If a coun oillor confesses his inability to find out the mystery, it seems fruitless for an outsider to attempt to solve the puzzle Or. Sir George Turner suggests that tbe bill of oosts should not be paid nntil the information is forthcoming. At tbe same time Sir George points out in fairness to the charge of £60 that there are probably other services accounted in the bill beyond the costs of these police court proceeding*. The whole of this marine stores prosecution is elusive, and it is ap parently hard to get upon the bed rock of the merit*. Little by little crumbs of information are falling. It is now asserted that the city soli, oitor told certain councillors that the Council bad not a ' ghost of a chanoe' to succeed in its prosecu tion, yet sums one (who ?) forced the prosecution along-,, with the result nbnt the Council lout the day and are now saddled with the £f-0 bill of costs. Truly tbe whole affair wants, as waa said in this journal a few weeks ago, a thorough investigation. I feel sure that tbe ratepayers will not be satisfied until they know every, thing. m—^mmmmmmwmmr CHAMBERLIN'SCODOHBEMEDY ALWAYS PROVES EFFECTUAL Then are no better medicines on the market than Chamberlain'a, We have uaed tbe Cough Bemedy when all others failed, and in every inatanoe it proved effectual. Almost dally we hear tbe rirtues of Chamberlain's remedies extol'ed by tbose who bare used them. Tbia la not an empty puff, paid for at so much a line, but Is voluntarily eiren In good faltli, in tbe bope that suffering humanity may try these remedies and, like the writer, be brnefitled.— From the Glenrille («'. Va.) Pathfinder. For sale by 0. a Tafia, Prabran; W. H. Andrews, Sooth Tarra; J. Brimmead, St. Eilda j E. J. Beeve, Ualvern. TO THI DE4r.-A rich Udr. enrol of tier BeohwaiaBit Holies in tbe IW bj Dr. Kiohol ?un'a ArtineUl £u Drnms. hms Bent fiLSOO to Cu laMtlbm. so that Ami p»pl» UMHjto a^canWSs* Down, av sm ttam trj*. r^w(oW-^l»ftSOT.r^^^T,,«WrrM PLAIN AND FANCY DANCING. MRS. BLACKALL, (Late London Iluatresj, ?HKUt,' 666 TOOHAKJSOAD, TOORAK. CMonm'. Classes held OenwBt, HewnuAm Tbundarri CouraaU EsjmJon. Fridani 8U KIMi,Tiurfajrs | ToorO, Saturdays, s p.m. fianfo Tottloe (JS 1mka-)« £1 la*. Dmcuig dan (ObUdnn), 6s* per quarter. Adutta. IOs.M,qurfer. rarATB LBssbire bt *.PFoixnrexT. 