PUBLIC PRATINGS. [ We do not in any way, identify ourselves loith the opinions expressed in this column.— Ed. G.I.~\ TO THU 3SDIOH.T Sin, — Onoe aroused, I feel no incli nation to retire7 back to the shades of oblivion, and bitten violently with an attack of cacoethes sciubendi, I am like Binquo's ghost, I will not down. My vitriolio opponent, '? Fair Play1' is evidently annihilated, eradicated, spif licatod, so I must find something to write about. The Stook Board's do ings n quiro a little attention from my pen, I think, and anon, I will spill a littlo caustic criticism on that auguat body, but for the present I must writo of something that will cause the sym pathy of a long suffering people to go out to me, and give men and women a desire to clasp mo to their chests, and weep teais' of gratitude. What I want to write about is the subscription list, fiend — the person who confidently bails you up as if y,iu «ero an old friend, pours a talo of woe into your oar, and then — excuse the vernacular — ' ohews j-ourlun' fora help to some 'deserving objeoo' that requires a lift. Does a weak go by without the uhiqui tous. canvasser, with a business-like book, and a pencil big enough to swing a bullock from, shuffling round and cajoling or demanding something,-' in the name of charity? Not much V And no hope have you of stalling it off — it won't budgo without you part up, or show Gght. There is too much of thiB collecting cruoado bu-iiness y people don't like to, refuse to give to a list, either for fear of damaging their reputations, or injuring the business they are conducting, and to does the nuisance continue unnbated 1 don't say for one moment that the lists which are. carted round ,towi. 'are not deserving of help, or that', judicious ' (mind the judicious) canvassing is not a necessary thing to get out of money bags some help, which would not otherwise bo given ; but. I do oon leud that it is being over-done, and for every littlo tin-pot affair that should stand on its own bottom, tho aid of the subscription-list fund is invoked ; when Tommy jambs his toe, lis'-iincle or cousin, rushes round .like . a bum-bailiff 19 search of monetary assistance for tho said Tommy ; of if Mrs. Stiggine'baby has got a \vlio'p- ihg cough, a man is scat round to ask public help lo buy baby a rattle. Men in business have not limo to investi gate the bo.va fides of evory littlo Hat preBQnted to thorn, and, e'oonor \- 'than create an impression that moan ness was a trait of theirs, they aro often generous before being just. Often have I thought how I could dodge, this nuisance I write of. I'm a common every day sort of a man, who ' can tell a tale' when occasion re quires It, but I'm fairly flabbergasted ? ??: when confronted with a man or a wo man on begging intent, and it makes _mo think what a poor common mortal ? Lain. I know this letter of mine will not stop the practice, or check it in ony way, but will be like disturbing fl lot of Hies which are, .feasting on a savoury morsel. JUJSTIUS. 