MASONIC INSTALLATION. The election of W M and officers in connection with Masonic Lodge Resurgo, Parramatta, was held at the monthly meeting of the lodge, and i resulted as follows -W M , Wor Bro T trial . S W , Bro G A Wood, RW, Bro S Brooks chaplain, V W Bro A U Champion fa D , Bro P H Robilliard J D , Bro H li Oukua secretary, Bro E P Pearce treasurer, Bro S Garland director of ceremonies, Wor Bro F Morris organist, Bro A Barry steward. Bro A Austin auditors, Bros G Coates and IT Mason to her, Bro W Brown The Prospect and Sherwood Council at last meeting decided that letters be written to Messrs John Nobbs and B B O Conor, Ms L A , asking them t > interview the Railway) Commissioners and ask them to supply the blue metal for the approaches to the Guildford railway station It was also resolved that the Merrylands Road be taken over by the council, free Jersey-street to Betta-road A largely attended concert, in aid of the Congregational Band of Hope, Parramatta, was held in the Congregational Hall on Thursday evening when an excellent programme of musical items and tableaux was reserved At the Parramatta Police Court yeserday more ing, before Mr i i MacNevin P M, Henry Barnes and Francis Kiely charged with behaving in a woman's manners Sherwood-road, Merrylands were fined 10s and costs and 15s and coats respec lively Mr W T Terms, M JL.A , who has been apply ing to the Minister for Lands for a special grant for the Parramatta J? ul, has been informed that the Park vote has been eaten up by votes for resumption purpose. The Minister, however, intends to ask the Cabinet to place a further sum on the estimates for resumption purposes, and he will then consider the claims of Parramatta Park for a special grant On 'Thursday evening there was a large gathering; at the Rosehill bowling green, when a promenade, concert, organised by Mr George O'Shea, was held the pavilion was prettily decorated for the occasion, and the green was lit up by Chinese lanterns During the evening items, instrumental and vocal, were tendered by Mr. Finlayson's orchestra, Messrs. Lenbealer, IO. Wathala, Stemuaik, Fiulayaon, Chalmers and Tunks and the Misses Fullngar. Alderman Feather of the Rydalmere and Erming- ton Council, has resigned his position as alderman, and has been appointed to the position of council clerk. Messrs. W J. Ferris, M.L.A., for Parramatta, and B. B. O'Conor, member for Sherbrooke, are both laid up with influenza. Mr. Robert Wilkinson, an old resident of Parramatta, died on Thursday evening, after a short illness. Mr. Wilkinson was one of the deacons of the Parramatta Congregational Church. The Ermington and Rydalmere Council has been notified by the Post and Telegraph Department that the council's request for a free delivery of telegrams within a mile radius of the pool: offices at Ermington and Rydalmere respectively has been acceded to. In consideration of such free deliveries the postmaster at Ernuugtou will receive an additional allowance or Jjl'l, and the postmaster at Rydalmere £12 oUra. Mr. and Mrs. W. I in have been elected manager and caretaker of the Travellers' Rest in connection with the Parramatta Benevolent Society Among the inmates of the George-street Asylum, who died this week was Mr. Darcy Read, who was well-known on the colonial stage. Perhaps he was t best known in connection with the illusion " Darcy Read's Ghost," with which he successfully toured ! the colonies. He was buried by the members of the Brough company. 