NEWS OF THE DAY. The Ballarat Tarf Club races will be held to-day. The Horticultural Show will be continu ed at the [?] Hall to-day. ■ "A Stranger in New York” will be staged at Her Majesty’s Theatre to-night. A sale of gifts in connection with the Ministering Children’s League will be held at Christ Church Hall this afternoon and evening. Mrs Alice Elizabeth Gibson, aged 38, was burned to death while washing clothes, at East Brisbane, on Tuesday. The British Museum has presented 30,000 documents relating to the French Revolu tion, of which it had duplicates, to the French National Library in Paris. The Phoenix jam factory, at Dunedin, was considerably damaged by fire on Wednesday. The insurances total -£12,750, and are distributed over 16 offices. The death is announced by telegraph of Dr Philson, of Auckland, ono of t'he oldest practitioners in New Zealand. Archdeacon Allnut has been presented with a purse of 100 sovereigns, to com memorate the 30tli year of his ministry at Portland. News comes from England that it is con templated to put Aurnm into Work again. It'is to be hoped that the son of Trenton will stand another preparation, as he is a racehorse of the first order. The Afric sailed for South Africa on Tuesday evening with 14,000 carcases of frozen mutton and lambs, a large number of rabbits and a quantitv of preserved meat. A boy named Albert Geary, aged 16, was committed for trial! at Heathcote on Fri day on a charge of stealing a horse, saddle, and bridle. The horse was stolen while the owner was attending church ou Sunday. A naval court martial was held at Syd ney on Wednesday on board H.M.S. Tau ranga. A seaman was charged with assault ing one of the officers, was found guilty, and was sentenced to two years’ imprison ment. In an action for compensation for per sonal injuries against the N.Z. Govern ment, arising out of the Rakaia railway ac cident, the plaintiff, a lad, obtained ’.£750 damages. The quantity of wheat and flour afloat for the United Kingdom, according to our cable message, shows an increase of 25,000 quarters on the week, totalling 1,855,000 quarters. The shipments on the Continent represent 1,240,000 quarters, or 20,000 quar ters less than a week ago. An inquest was held on Tuesday at Syd ney, at Invereil, on the: body of a’child, 11 months old, who died at the Boggy Camp diamond mines. It was stated that the father, John M‘Neil, had screwed the child’s back, injuring its spine and kidneys, death resulting shortly afterwards. M'Neil was committed for trial on a charge of manslaughter. Cambridge University lias sent out an expedition to Torres Straits, between New Guinea and Australia, to study the antro pology of the natives. Seven professors are in the party. Two will study native, psychology; one, who carries a phono-’ graph, their music; another, their decora tive art. They have a cinematograph to record native dances and ceremonies. Three children named Wallace were bathing in the river at Hill End, South Brisbane, on Wednesday, when they got beyond their depth, and all sank. Mr Darcy, a clerk in the Railway department, succeeded in getting them out. One girl recovered, but the others, a boy, aged 9, and a girl, aged 15, were drowned. One of the longest-lived birds on record died recently in Loudon. It was a parrot named Ducky, the property of the Prince cf Wales, and 'was a century and a quarter old. According to a message from Blayney. some consternation has been caused amongst the miners at the copper mines by the visitation of a ghosi in one of the shafts. The men bear strange noises of bells ringing, sighing, groans, &c.; It ; s also said that the miners on gtiing below have their candles extinguished by the vis itor, and somo of the men allege that some thing uncanny brushed past them. Six of the men have left the mine owing to the terror tlie “ghost” has inspired. During a recent storm at Numurkah. a thunderbolt, resembling a hall of fire, and leaving behind it a dense cloud of sulphur ous smoke, fell into the cowyard of Mr P. Lynch, of Strathmerion, during milking operations. A man named John Donovan, who was milking at the time, was com pletely prostrated, aecw was thrown down, and the milk cans rattled as though there had been an earthquake. 