I THE Y ATM AN MISSION. \ A lnrgo audience, filling all the body of ! tho Temporalice hall and pat t of the galleries, and consisting principally of children, assembled on Saturday after- noon at H..10 to hear an address, specially designed foi the joung people bj thu Rev. «J. H. Y a tin in, the New Y oik evangelist. The success w lilch has followed the pie vious services was repeated on Saturday, the attention of the voung people being i ¡vetted f loin be^innm,; to end, and much wholesome ti nth, mingled and cufoicud with beautiful illustiatioub, was imputed to the children A deeply interesting btoij was told of a Kaflli hoj of 11, who was beaten bj his father for itcknovvlodg- ing Chi ist, and left foi dead, but who had been lestmcd bj his giaiidmother, and after seveial jetis of tine Uhiistiiui sei vice v\ as still follow ing Christ. At the close of this profitable meeting unite ii hu I/o number of childicn lern lined tobo pul}ed willi, the little ones being divided into (oiiipituiLs, and attended lo bj the ministers Anolhei large attend.mee laced the evangelist in the cvenlnii, and seveial mlnistcis, with thu large cboh under Hie leidersliip of .Mi. P. Ilenrj, ueeuplod the plat foi in. Mr. Vat lunn thanked the friends w ho had beautified the table with flowers. The favounle bj mu of the mission, " When peace like a mer," hav- ing been sun^ with bpuit, Rov. W. A. Gnnn engaged in piaver. Befóte rending thu lesson, the Killi chap of Romans, which the pic.ichci called the "Righteous ness chapter of the Bible,' an invitation foi publie e\pci¡onces was given, soveial of the audience lesponduig with bl let tcsti monies This piovcd a vor) interesting patt of the service. Bcfoiu proceeding willi his address, Mi. Yntm in gave a solemn invitation to the audience lo givo theil heal Is to God, and fully a scoieie »ponded. The spenkei then began lies .nidios» b) saying that an inspiia lional life would bo full of faith, of joy, and of the Holy Ghost. He had tiuvcllcd lound the world on a single passage of bcriptuie Ii was woudeilul vv lint people of faith could do. God had sahl that tho faithful man could bring things to pass. Faith dealt with multéis that wcio above, though not against, i fison vv ith the supernatural In his lirst revival ho found the people among whom he ministered divided into four factions-the Methodists wanted to take the shooting road to Heaven , the Bap tlstb the liver road, the Presbyterians the predestination load, while otbei.s had 110,^ particular-ioad at all. He felt that Um only thing that could bring success »ii« an outpouring of the sph it of low, and h iv nig called a meeting mid exercised great faith, a general re vivid biokc out, many wem eonvcited, a chuich staitcd, and a pcimanent vvoik done. A genuine revival was not got up by men, but must comedown fioin God All ortnodox conversions go decpei than the emotions, though they might have the sweep of the emotions about them, they centred about tho will. Lut tlie.111 have faith in God, mid Uley would find that difficulties would become e isy und their vv ork a suoccss Tlu'u there must be jo) - not levitv, but the liol) laughter of the heart. The dhteioncc between a tear and asnillo was so small that it could not be measured. One lady had said to bim that she had learnt in the mission what it was to ha\o a holy laugh. Laughter was the medicine of tile soul, and he urged them to take some of that drug. Instead of going about like sour saints with their faces long and their mouths turned down. Joy was tho aroma of the Christian life. Let their jo) be true because they were true themselves, and holy and God like, and children vv ould love them, and men ttust them and come to them as they came to Christ, who said, "Come unto Mo ull je that labour and arc heavy laden, mid I will givo )ou rest." 'Iben let them be filled with the Holy Ghost, and they would be filled with the fruits of the Spirit-love, joy, pence, long Miffuiing, meekness, fuith, temperance. The service then closed with pia)cr by the Rev. W. V. Cunningham, the singing of a hvmjn, and the benediction pronounced by the Rev. A. Cass. On Sunday Mr. Yatman conducted five services, which were held in three of the largest buildings in Hobin t, and the stialn upon the preacher, whose declamation is most vigorous, must Inn o been intense. In the morning the scrv ice was held in the Tabernacle, Elizabeth »trcet, and tho sub jeet, " Chuiiielciistics from the life of Job" At 2 30 p ni a beautiful service was held In the Melville stieet Weale}an Church, the bodv of the church und n part of the galleries being occupied w ith girls and young women. The subject was, "Stem 01 blossom, which t" At tho close about a hundred gathered round the Com iminion mil in token of their vvilliiigncbs touccipt Chribt At J.Wa meeting wns held in the Tem pciancc hall for meit only, and long before the appointed hour n lai/se congregation had taken possession of the body of the hall Above the platform bung n lnrgc chart, nutikcd with passages of Scripture, ii ted cross and diverging lines illustiutln.; the blond and the iianoiv way. Mr. Yalmau, who had leen detained bj the picuous meeting, si id ho made no apolog} for being late, us he had just been employed lu a beautiful woik, and had seen one of t li a gi nudist sights in the world-a splendid gatlieiini* of the gill hood and womanhood of Tasmania. He Intimated that the address to be given that afternoon would bo tcpcated at a meeline; foi women only on i'uesdu} n ornlngntll, and that ¡ifLei leaving Ans ia ia he would ptocccd to linke j, India, Ivoith Atiiea, and other places The nddiebs, which was illustnted fiom the chait, was based on the question, " What comes after death, ' the Ev mgelist uslnK a long tod to point out tie difleient fciituics of the chart. He bum :-" There ib a vv ii) w hich seemeth i ighl unto a man, but theend thcieof are the wa) s of death.' Mau seemed to have been made vv ith a gi eat iuteuogation point before bun Questions met bim on the right hand mid left hand, great and gruvo question'', such as-Who am II Whither bound? Is theie a God? Is theie a hcienftei I and so foi th. Job, in til it splendid poem of his, Plato, Sociales, tile gient ancient, modem, muí incdiievnl philosophers, had piopouuded the questions i elating to the future stite, but ucvei, out of all the centuries, had there ribon any incielv bunnin beiiiur to give a bolution to the problem. Edison, the vvirard, who deals with the lightning, in puisuiug his scientific investigations, had cou e to the conclusion that back of mut toi was mind, back of the watch the watchmaker. No thoughtful mau but knevv that the nigument fioni design wits n positive aigumcnt. The little fiugei is a proof of this. And if a mau died should he live again? Death did not end all. The only one who gave the bolution to tho pioblem of the future was the Son of Murv, the Son of God, who said, "All that arc In theil gi aves shall come forth, some to the íesiii rectlon of life, and some to the resurrection of damnation." Man did not die like a dog. The Bible had clearly taught that there was a hereafter, and one man who doubted if there was, would have given all he possessed if it could be piovcd there was no1. Outside the Bible, which was God's revelation, all was speculation; no monal mun with ken so bright mid brilliuntcould help them nt all. Concerning things apart from the Word of God they could think for themselves The mau w ho spake as nev ei mau spake had said life was a path wa), but had shown them also whithei they weiu hound; He had biougl)tlifcaudlmmortalit) to life through the Gospel. Men weioborn into the woild bv nat mai nioecss, and now that they were they would never censo to be. Man was moie than matter, he was bodj, mind, and spirit, lie was accountable to God, and when the point of non account nbilitj was piib-cd no one could saj. But there "was this glorious fact-that all who died befóte the period of accountability was teached, wlicthei .they died under the cm of Juggernaut, or in the iii cb of Moloch, or in Indian huts, or Esquimaux wigwams, all w ere safe w iib Christ. No man would be punished foi his father's sin, or for Adam's sin, but for his own ; and when a man asked if he would be saved if he did the best he could, he convicted himself before the court of his own jurisdiction, because no man could live the highest lite of him- self. The most awful thing Christ evei said about eteruitv was that theie was a gi eut gulf fixed in it; and hu uiged them tiot to take vv bat men said us ng dust the plain lev dal Ion of God Amiglit}, fortheic was tio hope In a buger hope In eternity theie were two divisions; in beaven all the music was; there was no singing In hell Men might say there vv as no future fiunishiiipiit, but their consciences gave the ie to this. What was Jesus's testimony as lo what linne after death? Good and bad men alike die; they both pass thiough the dom of death; but theie was this diiretence-one weutto heaven, the other to hell The} might laugh, and dance, and di Ink, and damn tins down, but it would not "down" He dibigrecd with some people wlioielcgatcdallthc heathen to hell, and though thej li id a big couti act, as he behoved, if they lived up to their light they would be saved. But ¡t vvasdillcieu' with them-thev vete ti lined mulei Chiistinn influences, and would be judged by a Inghei light, 'ihey might teni Hie old Bible in pieces but that did not altei the faits, and while tlicv might sij the} would not stand up ami choose one îoi.d ot the o'hci, tin J did so ncgativily if they would not accept Christ If tbcv made up tin n minds to take the broad road, let them gi tall the fun, and fiollc, and pleasure out of it the} could, us theie was a heap of'fun In sm, and stolen watet s ate sweet ; but theie was no fun In the place whither the broad io id tended. Christianity was a life, not an emotional sweep produced by a Yankee evangelist. The narrow road w as wide enough to take the wholo world If it was willing; and it wa« the road of Ibis mother, and brother, and sister, the road lhat Jesus Himself had token. It j , meant haul climbing, but it led straight! home. At the close of a very vigorous ; address, Mr. Yatmau made nu exceedingly Impressive appeal to the nudlcnco to step into the nan o vi road, and the unusual bight of COO men standing lu a bod) pio bented itself to the pieaeliei In the evening a service was held in j Melville street Church, the evangelist t iking as lils subje't, " Hie ciupcnter helping the goldsmith. Latci on nu iiinnense audience, oeeup)ing ever) avail able inch of the building, took possession of the Temperance hall The scnice wns opened with hem ty singing, piajei liebig olleicd b) Hi v. W. it. Ctinmiighm, Taking as his subject, " Hie Unpardonable bin," the Evangelist sahl he would M ck to be a faithful friend Unit night to bavo them from the shipwreck of tile soul. He would speak on Hie sill foi which there wus no foigivencss in tins vvoild mid the next 'this teaching was sup potted by the foin Gospels What was tins unpin donable sin I It was that! continued blasphcui) of men against the I liol)Ghost, who was beekitig to woo thom | fiombndlo good, ftom sut to righteous- ness At length this continued ltjeclion produced a condition when mun weio God left-ii state when a mau was as much lost as if hu li id ahead} passed into per ditton. Continuing in ibis state, chiiraetui bennie fixed, und the} vvcie lost foi ever. They weie not to think that the attribut lug lo Jesus Ills woik bv Beelzebub was nil that was me mt by this sin-thal was only tho blossom on (he lice , no. the) lind so pcisibted in sin till thej could not distinguish between light and vviong; and theie were people lu Hobart, in that 'lempeiance hull that night, who had so continued in sin till theil cluuac ter vv us fi\ed. God «Iocs not ask men to MU rendel a single good, but to quit then sin , mid if they would not tin n f i cm evil, thev would bo ultimate!) loft in their state of íKodncss. Whatevei might be said bj Hie modem Theology, bj the public plutfoim, it was au undisputed truth Unit theie vvus aplace foi John and one foi Judas-one foi the good and one for the bad-a dilleieiiec as great us that between "up and "down." As i piece of wood became IKcd In eondi lion, being pellitled, so would their chat acler ultimatel} become. The wot m of i n in it it,} had produced astute of lottcnnesb lu tue sinners in spite of all the wooing of God, and in that state of aw ful blasphcni} they would be lost foi ,evei. Let them turu that night, and God would make them good, and they vvould live with dod here and hereafter At the conclusion of the address the same results that had follow ed the previous sei vices weie witnessed, quite a largo number of the audience lcsponding to the evangelist's invitation to give theil- hearts to God. The services weie continued }0stcrday, and ate announced to close lo da}. MOUNT STUART TOWN BOARD. The monthly meeting of this Board was held on the l.ith hist., the full Hoard being present. Salvator road.-The Board having de- cided to widen Salvator road from the south side instead of the north side, it was resolved that the briars be cut so that an estimate may be formed of the quantity of material requisite to widen the road to a uniform width of 25ft. The secretary was instructed to call for tenders for this work and present them at next meeting. Tenders were opened for constructing a a stone and cement gutter in Mount Stuart-road, the tender of Mr Williamson being accepted. The secretary was in- structed to prepare a scheme for this gutter, and present it to the ratepayers concerned. It was resolved that a road rate of 1/ in theil be struck for the j car ending De- cember 31, 1899, upon the annual value of all property in Mount Stuart, as shown by the roll for tho district. Accounts were pissed for£28. [This report only caine to hand last evening.-ED. M.) 