THE NOVELIST. THE ORANGE GIRL.* PART II. By SIR WALTER BESAKT. CHAPTER Xm. THE COMPANY OF REVEKGE. The case -was over-I stepped out of the dock;" I was free; everybody, including Mr. Caterham, K.C., was shaking my hand; the Lord Mayor sent for me to the Bench and shook my hand warmly. He said that he had known my worthy! father, Sir Peter, and that he rejoiced that my inno cence had been made asclearasthenoonday. AJ1 the jury shook hands with me. My cousin Tom paid my dues to the prison, without payment of which even a free man, proved innocent, must go back to the prison again and stay there til] he dis charges them- because a gaoler everywhere has a heart made of flint. At last, surrounded by my friends, I went out of court. Out side in the street there was a crowd who shouted and cried my name with "Death to the conspirators!" But I saw many who did not shout. Who are they who had no sympathy with innocence? They *' SL'SIE-UE." (Falk, Elizabeth-street, Photo.) stood apart, with lowering faces. They came down from the public gallery where -I was afterwards told-the appearance in that witness-box first of the well- known landlady of the Black Jack-their ancient friend; nest of her daughter- also their friend; thirdly, of the young fellow called Jack, one of themselves, a rogue and the companion of rogues; and, lastly, of the woman of whom they had been so proud, Jenny the actress, Jenny the Orange Girl, Jenny of Drury-lane, filled them with dis may and rage. What! Their own people turn against their own friends? The landlady of the Black Jack, even the landlady of the Black Jack, that most notorious receiver of stolen goods and harbourer of rogues, to give evi dence against her own customers? Thief betray thief? Dog bite dog? Heard ever man the like? Now you understand the lowering and gloomy faces. These people whispered to each other in the gallery of the Court-house; they murmured to each other outside on the pavement; when we climbed into a hackney coach-Jenny her mother and sister-the young fellow called Jack and myself-they followed us in pairs-by fours, talking low, and curs ing below their breath. After a while they desisted; but one or two of them still kept up with the coach. I sent Alice home under charge of Tom. I would get home, I said, as quickly as I could, after seeing Jenny safely at her own house. We arrived at the house in Soho-square. It was empty, save for Bome women ser vants, for there was no entertainment that evening. We went into the small room on the left and lit the candles. It was then about seven o'clock in the evening and quite dark, as the time of year was November. Jenhy was restless and excited. She went to the window and looked out. "The square is quiet," she Bfcid. "How long will it remain quiet?" The servants brought in some supper. . The right of pabliahlng thii work has been purchased by th* proprietor* of "The Austral asian." Jenny took a little glass of wine. She then went away, and returned in a plain dress, with a cloak and hood. "I must be ready," she said, "to set off on my travels-whither? Mother"-she turned to the old lady-"you are a witch. Look into the fire and tell me wtfat you see." The old woman filled and drained a glass of Madeira and turned her chair round. She gazed intently into the red coals. '1 see," she said, "a crowd of people. I see a Court. I see the condemned cell . . ." She turned away. <rNo, Jenny, I will look no more. 'Twas thus I looked in the fire before thy father was taken. Thus and thus did I see. I will look no longer." "Well," said Doll, "what will they do next? They know now where you live, Madame Vallance." The old woman sat down and sighed heavily. "The Black Jack!" she mur mured. "We shall never see it again." Jenny was quiet and grave. "We have beaten them," she said. "They never sus pected that so complete a beating was in store for them. Now comes our turn my turn rather." "Your turn, Jenny?" "Yes. Will, my turn. Do you suppose they will forgive us? Why, we have given evidence against our own people. All St. Giles's trusted my mother and sister Could one suspect the Black Jack? Why, because I was a daughter of the house, all St. Giles's trusted me-and we have be trayed them! There will be revenge, and that quickly." Doll nodded expressively. Her mother groaned. "What kind of revenge?" Doll nodded her head again and drew a long breath. Her mother groaned again. "1 do not know, yet. Listen, Will. The Ceople know very well that this case has een got up by myself. I found out, by my mother's assistance, those facts about the trials and floggings and imprisonments; I went into the country and secured the evidence. I brought up the gaolers to tes tify to the men's identity. I even went to my husband and promised-yes, I swore that I would put him into the conspiracy as well as the other four if he did not give evidence without saying a word to Probus. And then I bought my mother out." "You bought out your mother?" " Twas as sweet a business, sir," the old woman interrupted, "as ever you saw. A matter of three pounds a day takings and two pounds a day profit." "I bought her out," said Jenny. "I also compensated her for the contents of her vaults." "Ah!" sighed the old woman. "There were treasures!" "The Black Jack i& shut up. When the people go there this evening"-again Doll nodded-"they will find it closed, and they will wreck the place." "And drink up all that's left," said Doll. "Let us prevent murder. Jack, you will find it best for your health to get as far as possible out of London. Take my mother and sister to one of the -taverns in the Borough. There's a waggon or a caravan starts every morning for some country place or other; never mind where. Go with them, Jack; stay with them for a while till they are settled. Mother, you won't be happy unless you can have a tavern some where. If you can find one, Jack will do for you. There you will be safe, I think. St. Giles's doesn't contain any of our people. But in London you will be mur dered-you and Doll, too-for sure and certain." "For sure and certain," said Doll, grimly. Jenny gave her mother more money. "That wffl carry you into the country," she said. "You can let me knoir, some how, where you are. But take care not to let anyone know who would tell the people here. The gipsies aie your best friends, not the thieves." I asked her if it was really necessary to make all these preparations. "You don't know these people, Will. I do. The one thing to which they cling is their safety from the law so long as they are among themselves. There will be wild work this evening. As for me, I have under my dress all my money and all my jewels. I am ready for flight." "Why, Jenny, you don't think they will attack you here?" "I do, indeed. There is nothing more likely. Did you observe a woman running along Holborn beside the coach? I know that woman. She is the Captain's girl. Revenge was written on her face-easy to read-revenge-revenge. She stood beside the doorstep when we came in. She marked the house. She has gone back to St. Giles's to tell them where we can be found this evening. But they learned that fact in court. Oh! They will come presently." "Well, Jenny, let us escape while we can." l'There are many ways of escape," she said. "There is no hurry. We can pass over the roof of the next house, and so into tbe garrets of the house beyond. I have proved this way of escape Oh! Will, I counted the cost beforehand. Or there is the back door which opens on Hog lane. We can get out that way. I am sure they will not think of the back door. Or it is easy to climb over the garden wall into the next house; there are plenty of ways. I am not afraid about our escape if we can keep them out for a few minutes. But, Jack, you had better take my mother and sister away at once." "No." said jack, stoutly. "Where you are. ^Madame, there I am." "You are a fool, Jack," she replied with her sweet smile, which made him more foolish still. "They will murder you if they can." "They shan't murder you. then," the lad replied, clutching his cudgel. By tlie time we finished supper and held this discourse it was close upon eight. "Will," said Jenny, "you nnd Jack had better barricade the door. It is a strong door, but even oak will give way. Take the c-ard-tables and pile them up." The c-ard-tables were thin flight things, with curvcd legs, all gilt and lacquer. But the long table was a heavy mahogany thing. We took out some of the pieces by which it was lengthened and closed it up. Then we carried it out to the hall and placcd it against the door: the length of the door filled the breadth of the hall, and jammed in the boards until it seemed as if it would bear any amount of pressure from without. We piled the smaller tables one above the other behind tbe large table. If the mob did get in they would he encum bered for awhile among the legs of so many tables. This was the only attempt we could make at fortifying the house; the lower windows were protected by the iron rail ings outside. "Will," said Jenny, "we have made the door safe. But, Lord! what is to prevent their breaking down the railings and en tering by the area? Or why should they not bring a ladder and force their way at the first floor?" "Would they be so determined?" "They scent blood. They are like the carrion crow. They mean blood and pil lage. The latter they will have. Not the former." At this point we heard a low grumbling noise in the distance, which became the roar of many voices. "They are already at the Black Jack," said Jenny. "I should like to see what they are doing. Come with me, Will. It is too dark for anyone to recognise me, and there will be a great crowd. All St. Giles's will be out to see the wreck of the Black Jack." She drew her hood over her head, which, in a measure, hid her face, and, taking my hand, she lea me through the garden and so out by the back door into Hog-lane. The place, always quiet, was deserted, and, besides, was nearly pitch dark, having no lamps in it. Jenny's house-the Assembly-rooms of Soho-square-stood at the corner of Button street, and. with its gardens, extended back into Hog-lane. Nearly opposite Sutton street, a little lower down, the short street called Denmark-street ran from Hog-lane into St. Giles's High-street, opposite the church. The Black Jack stood opposite to the church. When we got'to Denmark-street we took the north side, because there were fewer people there. Yet the crowd was gathering fast. We stood at the corner of the street at the east, and where we could see what DEAN COWPER, OF SYDNEY. Dean Cowper, St. Andrew's Cathedral, Sydney, has just completed his S9th year, having been born in Sydney, in 1810. He took the degree of Master of Arts in 1835, and was appointed Dean and Archdeacon of Sydney in 1S5S. Previously to then he was curate of St. Petrox, Dartmouth, England, from 1833 to 1S35. He acted as chaplain to the A.A. Co., Port Stephens, from 1836 to 1E5C. He was prin cipal of Moore Theology College, Liverpool (N.S.W.), in 1856; incumbent of St. John's, Bishopthorpe, 1856 to 1S58, and incumbent of St. Philip's, Sydney, 1S58 to 1869\. He is author of the work, "Episcopate of the Right Rev. Frederic Barker, D.D." (Photo, by J. H. Newman, Sydney.) A TENNIS CHAMPION : A. D. KEARNEY. WINNER M.C.C. AUTUMN TROPHY. Mr. Kearney has been in the front rank of tennis players for the past 10 years, a position won and retained more by safety of return and tossing than by brilliancy of game. At Geelong, last Easter, he won the local championship, defeating the leading players; at the 6amc place he won the handicap with the greatest handicap -owing 40 and giving 30-ever carried to victory in Australia. Last week he won the M.C.C. Autumn Trophy, and the Autumn Doubles with I. 0. Qlassford. Amongst his wins are-Championship of Victoria, four times; Buckley Tropby, once; Cteelong Championship, seven times; Geelong Handicap, {our times; while in th« doubles With Olsisford he bas won many events. was going on, and be ready to escape as quickly as possible in case of necessity. A company of men, with whom were a good many women and a few boys, were be sieging the dark and deserted Black Jack. They were a company apart, acting by themselves,without any assistance from the crowd, who looked on approvingly and ap plauded. They neither asked for, nor would they accept assistance. If any man from the outside offered to join them he was roughly ordered back. "It is their revenge, Will," said Jenny. "They will have no one with them to join in their own business." Their resolution and the quiet way with which they acted-for the roars and shout ing we heard did not proceed from the com pany of revenge, but from the crowd that followed them-struck one with terror as if we were contemplating the irresistible decrees of Fate. They battered at the doors; as no one answered, they broke in the doore; but first with a volley of stones they broke every window in the house. "Poor mother!" said Jenny. " 'Twould break her heart. But she will lose nothing. I bought her out'. It is the landlord who will suffer. Now they have found candles; they light up; see, they are going all over the house in search of the landlady." We saw lights in the rooms one after the other. "They will not find her; nor her money; nor anything that is valuable. It is all gone, gentlemen; all provided for, and stowed away in a safer place. This is not a house where a woman who values her throat should be found after to-day's work. See-now, they have made up their minds that no one is left in the house. What next? Will they set fire to it?" No; they did not 6et fire to the house. They proceeded to break up everything; all the furniture; the beds, chairs, and tables, and to throw fragments out of win dow into the open space Delow, where some of them collected evervthing and made a bonfire. When the house was emptied they began to bring out the bottles and to haul up the casks out of the cellars. Upon tbis there was a rush of the crowd from tbe outside. Strange as it may appear, the company of revenge were going to break the bottles and to 6et the casks running. But the mob rushed in; there was fighting for a few minutes; someone blew a whistle and the rioters drew aj art, and stood to gether before the house. Then one of them, their leader, spoke. "This is tne revenge of St. Giles's on the landlady of the Dlack Jack. Drink up .nil her casks and all her bottles, and be damned to ye!" The people that rushed upon the- casks were like ravenous beasts of prey; you would have thought that they had never had their fill of strong drink before; in deed, for such people it is impossible to have their fill of strong drink unless in sensibility means satiety. They set the casks running; they made cups of their hands; they drank with their mouths from the taps; they filled empty bottles; they fought for the full bottles; the place was covered with broken glass; their faces were bleeding with cuts from broken bottles; the bonfire lifted its fierce flame, hissing and roaring; at the open windows of houses hard-by women looked on, shrieking and applauding; some, within the railings of tne churcn, looked on as from a place of safety; as the flames lit up their pale faces they might have been tne ghosts of the dead, called out of their quiet graves to see what was going on. "It ia not their intention to burn down the Black Jack," raid Jenny. "Then there will be a new landlady, and the Thieves' Kitchen will go on again." The leader of the company blew his whistle, and the men fell into some kind of line. "Jty turn now," said Jenny. "Let us fly, Will. Let us fly back again." 'We ran down Denmark-street into the quiet, dark Hog's-lane before the company reached the place. We ran through the garden door and locked it. Then we went back to the house. The old woman was half drunk by this time and half asleep. Doll was sitting upright, waiting. Jack stood by the door. "They are coming," said Jennv. "They have sacked the Black Jack, Doil. They would have murdered you had you been in the house; they have broken all the furniture and made a bonfire of it, and they have brought out all the liquor. The 1 eople are drinking it up now-beer, and rum, and gin, and wine. Well, you have lost nothing, Doll-nothing at all. Now they are coming here." She rang the bell and called the servants. There were six of them. "There is a mob on their way to this house," she told them. "They are going to wreck the place and to murder me if they can. You had better get out of the house as soon aB you can. Put to gether all that you can carry, and go out of the back way. You can go to one of the inns in Holborn for the night; if any of you have the courage to venture through the streets of Soho, you might go to the liorse Guards and call the soldiers to save the house. Now, be quick. To-morrow 1 will pay you your wages." The women looked astonished, as well they might. What sort of company was Madame keeping? There was the old woman bemused with drink; there was the young country man; who were they? What did it mean? "The mob are coming to-night, Madame?" "They are coming now. They will be here in a few minutes. If you would es tate, go put your things together and fly Iiy the garden door." They looked at each other; without a word they retired, and I suppose they got nwav immediately, because we saw no more of them. And then we heard a steady tramp of feet along Sutton-street. "They are here," said Jenny. We heard the feet, but there was no shouting. They marched in a silence which was more threatening than any noise. I closcd the wooden shutters of the room. It was as well not to show any lights. "I suppose," said Doll, that you will give us time to escape. Otherwise we shall all four have our throats cut, and perhaps this gentleman, too, for whom you've taken all this trouble-and him with a wife of his own. He'd better go back to her." "Yes, Doll," Jenny replied meekly, with out replying to the suggestion. "You shall have time to escape." They drew up, apparently, in very good order before the house, without any shout ing, because most of the crowd that had followed them to the Black Jack were still on the spot drinking what they could get in the general scramble. There were some, however, who came with them and hung outside and behind the company of re venge, who began to assemble and to shout "Huzzah," after the way of the Londoners. But ] believe they knew not what was in tended save that it was revenge of some kind; there would most certainly be the breaking of windows and the smashing of doors; there would be the pleasant spec tacle of revenge, with more bonfires of broken furniture; perhaps more casks an1 bottles of strong drink; in all probability women would be turned out into the street with every kind of insult and ill-usage, as had happened, indeed, only a week before in the Strand, when n company of sailors wrecked a house and turned the women out of doors with blows and curses. First they knocked loudly at the door, shouting for the door to be opened or it would be the worse for everybody inside. Then they pushed the door, which yielded not. "They will not force the door easily," said Jenny. "Who will run downstairs and see that the area door is secure?" I volunteered for this duty. The kitchen windows w-ere provided with strong iron bars, which would keep the people off for a time; the area door was strong, and was barred within; for further precaution I locked and barred the kitcjien door and a strong door at the head of the staircase; we should thus gain time. Crash-smash-crash! Were you ever in a house while the mob outside were break ing the windows? Perhaps not. 'Tis like a field of battle, with the rattle of mus ketry. At one moment half the windows in the house were broken; at the next mo ment tlie other half went; and still crash crash-- the stones flew into the windows, tearing out what little glass remained. Then there was silence again. "Our time is nearly up," said Jenny. "Doll, wake up mother. Tie her hat under her chin, wrap her handkerchief round her neck-so. What will they do next? Jack, are yon afraid to reconnoitre? Go up to the lirst floor and look out of window." 1 went with him. The stones were still flying thickly through the windows. We made our way along the wall till we came to the window. I wrapped one hand in a curtain, and held it before my face while J looked out. They were lighting torches and con ferring together. Bv the torchlight I could make out their faces. They were of the »>'|e which I had had a recent opportunity of studying in Newgate-the type which means both the hunter and the hunted. It is a cruel and hard type-a relentless t>)'e; the faces all had the same expres sion it meant "Revenge." "We nave been betrayed," said the faces, "by our friends, by the very people we trusted; we will have revenge. As we have sacked the Black .lack, so we will sack the Assembly rooms. As we would have killed the land lady of the Black Jack, so we will kill her daughter, the Orange Girl, if we find her." 1 hat is what the faces seemed to sav*. 1 hey were conferring what to do next. One of them, I could see, advocated break ing down the iron railings, but they had Jio instruments; another wanted to use a ' attering-ram against the front door, but they had no battering-ram; a third pro 1 oKed a ladder and entering by the first floor windows, but they had no ladder. " hile they were thus debating a man came into the square, who brought a lad der for them. There was no further hesita tion. "Come. Jack," I said, "there is no tune to be" fftst; we must get away as as possible." ' Jou go on," said Jack; "I will fol low." He waited. The ladder was raised to the window at which he watched. A fel low ran up quickly. Jock sprang to bia feet, threw up the sash, and hurled him headlong off tne ladder. The poor wretch fell on the spikes. He groaned but only once. He was killed. There was silence for a moment. Then there arose a mighty scream-I say it was like the sereaming of a woman. The mob had tasted blood. It was their own, but it was blood. They yelled and roared. Some of them ran to nold the ladder while a dozen men ran up. Jack prudently retired, but locked the door behind him. "I believe I have killed him," he said uicklv. "The one who ran up the ladder. think he fell on the spikes." "Come," said Jenny. "We must go at once if we mean to go at all. Wake up mother again, Doll, farewell to my great ness. Will, I grudge not any cost- remem ber-whatever it is. Take me with you, to your own home for awhile, till I am able to look round again. These devils! they are overhead; I near them falling over the furniture. Pray that they break their shins. Come, everybody." She blew out the candles and led the way. The old woman, half awake, was led out by Jack and Doll. I followed last. As we passed out into the garden we could hear the cursing of the fellows overhead and the smashing of the door which Jack had locked. In Sutton-street, over the garden Avail, everything seemed quiet-that is, there were no footsteps as of a crowd. Yet in the square the crowd roared and yelled, and from St. Giles's was still heard the clamour of the people fighting over the 'drink. We looked out of the garden door cautiously. No one was in Hog-lane, which was as deserted as a city in the desert. We closed the door and turned to the right, and so, making our way by streets which 1 knew well, either by day or by night, we got to St. Martin's lane, and then to Charing Cross, where we found a hackney coach. "Jenny," I said in the coach, taking her hand, "the evening Bpoils the day. All this you nave suffered for my sake. What can I say? What can I feel?" "Oh, Will! what are a few sticks of fur niture and curtains compared to your safety and to Alice's happiness? I care not a straw. 1 am ruined, it is true; but-for the first time in my life, I am thankful for it-I am a married woman. My debts will all be transferred to Matthew. Will! Think of it! The first effect of the victory will be to make Matthew a bankrupt at once. After what he owned in court, after he re ceives the news of my debts, there can be no delay. Henceforth, my aear Will, you will be safe from Mr. Probus." I was, indeed, to be safe from him, but m a"way which she could not expect. "Meantime," she added, with a sigh, "they have not done with me yet." "Why, what further harm can they do you?" "I know not. You asked the same ques tion before. There is no end to the ways of a revengeful spirit. They will murder me, perhaps, or they will contrive some other way. ' "Then go out of their reach." "The only place of safety for me is with my own folks. I should be safe in a gipsy camp. They have their camps everywhere, but I do not want to live with them. No, Will, I shall remain. After all, the re venge of people like these soon passes away. They will wreck my house to-night. That very likely will seem to them enough. I should, have thought so, but for the things that mother saw in the coals. She is a witch, indeed. I say, mother, you are a proper witch." But the good lady was fast asleep. We left her with her daughter Doll and the young fellow they called Jack, at the White Hart Inn. It appeared that a wag gon was going on in the morning to Hor sham, in Sussex. They might as well stay at Horsham for a time as anywhere else. There was very little fear that the $t. POPULAR COMMANDERS : CAPTAIN WILLIAM ELLIS. Giles's company of revenge would make any further inquiries about them. So they left us, and I saw the pair no more, ana cannot tell you what became of them in the end. As for the young fellow, you will hear more about him. The hackney coach took us to our cottage on the bank, where, after so many emotions and surprises, .1, for one, slept well. Let us return to the house in the square. The rioters, finding no one within, quickly pulled away the barricade of the front door and threw it open. Then the work of wrecking the place began. When you re member that supper was sometimes pro-' vided for two thousand people, you will understand the prodigious quantity of Elates, dishes, knives, forks, tables, enches, and things that were stored in the pantries and kitchens. You have heard of the hangings, the curtains, the candelabra, the sconces, the musical instruments, the plants, the vases, the paintings, the coloured lamps, the card-tables, the candle sticks, the stores of candles-in a word, the immense collection of all kinds necessaiy for carrying on the entertainments. It is true that the suppers were cooked at a tavern and sent in cold; but thev had to be served in dishes and provided with plates. There was no wine to speak of in the house, because the wine was sent in for the night from the tavern which sup Elied it. Everything in the house was roken. The company of revenge did its work thoroughly. Everything was broken; everything was thrown out of the windows; the centre of the square was made the site of a huge bonfire, which, I believe, must be remembered yet; all the furniture was piled up on this bonfire; the flames ascended to the 6kies; that of the Black Jack was d mere boys' bonfire compared to this, while the piles of broken glass and china ren dered walking in the square dangerous for many a day to come. You have heard that Jenny recom mended her women-servants to call out the soldiers. One of them dared to run through the dark streets to the Horse Guards. Half an hour, however, elapsed before the soldiers could be turned out. At last they started, with muskets loaded and bayonets fixed; when they arrived the work was nearly finished; it would have been better for poor Jenny had it been com pletely finished, as you will presently dis cover; the furniture was all broken, and, with the hangings, curtains, and carpets, was burning on the bonfire. The soldiers drew up before the door; the mob began INTERIOR OF THE NEW CITY MARKETS, GEORGE-STREET, SYDNEY. throwing stones; the soldiers fired into them. Four or five fell, of whom two were killed on the spot; the reBt were wounded. The mob soon ran away. Some of the soldiers proceeded to search the house. They found a dozen or twenty fellows en gaged in smashing the mirrors and the candelabra in the dancing- hall. They se cured them; and then, the mob all gone, and the bonfire dying away, they left a guard of four or five and marched back with their prisoners and the wounded men. In the morning the soldiers fastened up the broken dour somehow and left the empty house. Alas! If only the mob had been able to fire the house, and to burn down and gut the place from cellar to garret. This was the first act of revenge on the part of St. Giles. There was to be another and a more deadly act. 