READY TO PERISH. Clarence Mansfield stood under the clear, autumn moonlight in a secluded spot in Hyde Park, a homolcss, hopoloss, stricken man. Ho was filled with despair too deep for words, and tho most bitter thought in his heart was that he had been brought to this terrible pass by his own mud folly. The quiet sturs shone above him ; und tho night winds sighed mournfully through tho trees und amid tho long grass au the despairing man moved slowly along, and then sunk upon u seat with u groan. A sound struck his ear— tho hour called aloud by many clocks. He mechanically drew from his pocket a handsome gold watch, and by tho uncertain light regarded its faco. As ho re placed tho watch in his pocket a bitter smile crossed his pulo fuco. ' What matters rho our V ho said aloud. The man wus in that lonely spot with u fearful purpose — ho had come thoro to die. Yes, in that solitary spot he intended to take tho life that had grown an intolerable burden, too heavy to be borne, a curse instead of u blessing. It had como to this : he, a man in the first bloom of manhood, no longer wished to live. Disgraced by his own actions, he had no courage to faco the world he knew— rather would he leap unbidden into eter nity, and brave the perils he knew not. He drew forth a rovolver.and placed it upon the seat beside him, where it lay with a pas sing ray of moonlight falling through elm leaves, aud glinting ou its polished surface like the smile of an evil spirit, sinister and deadly. ' I am lost, body und soul,' said the man, removing Mb hab slowly, with a wild thought of prayer flashing through his brain. He raised the pistol, and pluced its cold muzzle against his burning brow. ' Hold. What is this ?' The voice startled tho suicide. Ho lowered bhe weapon, and gazed ab the speaker in angry surprise. The man seemed to have sprung up from the-puth-wuy on which he stood, so suddenly had he ap peared. ' Who are you ?' asked Mansfiold haughtily. ' Never mind me. Who are you and what aro you doing ?' ' Why should I render an account of mysolf to you, ?' asked Clarence defiantly. .' I am a desperate man,' replied the other, calmly. ' Liko yourself, I came here to put an end to an ill-spent life. Now, before we die, let us bulk a little together. Moralise by the sweet, silver light of bhe moon. Why do you kill yoursolf ? I do it because I am haunted by the everlasting shadow of past ill-doings, my dead past, as you may say. They talk of angels weeping over lost sinners ; well, they can weep over me if they have nothing better to do. I can't do any weeping myself. I once owned a mansion in yonder avenue. Now I stand under the stars without a shilling in my pocket. I saved sixpence to buy poison, but it must have slipped oub through a hole in my pocket, and I found I had only a half penny left. I knew it was useless to buy any with that- a half-pennyworth of poieon could never mako an end of a tough oitizen like me, so 1 walked up here. I have that hulf-ponny left. I'll give ib to you for a loan of your rcolver, for bud as my credit is, I don't want to die in debt to you. I'm not naturally ineun. I'll die first.' Mansfield looked ut his new acquaintance in perfect astonishment. What sort of man was this to dio with a jest, albeit a bitter one, upon his lips ? Ho appeared ubout 35 yoars of ago ; ho was tall and thin, his hair und beard were light brown, straggling und unkempt, and his clothing wore extremely shabby. His eyes were bright and piercing, of a peculiar light grey hue, and his long, slim, white hands, were constantly in motion, betraying his nervous tempera ment. .He constantly kept looking around him, us if he dreaded he knew nob what. ' Who are you ?' asked Clarence, for the stranger seemed restless under his scrutiny. It was a blunt question, but two men bent upon suicide could dispense with ceremony. ' I am Alfred tho (jreat, Christopher Columbus, Napoleon crossing the Alp?, the Ghost of Hamlet's father. Moral, anything you like, ' A rose by uny other name.' Whut's the use of arguing over one's name at a time liko this ? Let us study euuse and effect, devote our last moments to something useful. Tho cuusos of my present condition are too much wine, too much curd-pluying, too much worse than doubt ful company, and lastly, u. big speculation in grain that went the wrong wuy ; the effect of all this being that I can't stand it any longer.' ' 1 did nob inquire your name from idle curiosity,' said Clarence. ' I was struck by the strange circumstance of your appear ing just at the moment you did— just when 1 was ubout to either put an end to my misery or plunge headlong into a worse hell than this.' ' Thero is no hell unless we mako it so. Look around you. Could mortal eyes gozo upon a fairer picture 1 See how the golden moonlight gleams on tho moving billows of grass, wet with dew. See. tho graceful shadows cast by those tall trees, in whose branchesslumber in peaceful repose myriads of living things that have only obeyed the voice of nature. Thoy are happy, and, us someone says, ' Only man is vilo.' All iny troubles huvo come from myself. I never tried to do right. You huve not eibhor, or you would not bo hero.' ' I huvo tried sometimes.' ' Did you u-a.ly 1 Well, I didn't. Now, as I have answered your question, you answer mine. Why are you going to die '!' ' I am a villain. 1 have been transact ing business for my father. I wus sup posed to be smart, and, of course, trust worthy. Well, I got into all sorts of bud company, embezzled monoy, and thought I could replace it; then gambled to better myself, lost all I hud, und, to mako a long story short, I've been going to the devil for threo yours j now I've got there. My futlicr hus discovered all, und I could not fuco him, and ubovo all my mother. I could not see any way out of it but this. I flei from home three days ugo, nnd I've been wandering around over since. My father is stern and strict, urrd I've boon expecting t-i be arrested every moment. He must feel it terribly— and my poor mother ; 1 urn her only child, and she loves me, was proud of me. Father would think nothing of pulling mo in prison. But the worst of all is yet to bo told— a girl.u lovely girl, the daughtor of wealthy parents, is foolish enough to love mo. l'oor child ! she has been living in a dream. It scorns hard that sho should have such a cruol awaken ing. I have destroyed everything that might lead to my identification, fo I can only hope that my mother und Lucilo may novcr know what becamo of me.' He stopped, unablo to continue His now companion took a seat, for ho had been standing. They talked on for somo time, and wore recalled to their purpose by. tho sound of the clocks striking ton. ' Do you know I am very hungry J' said Clarence's now friend. ' Give mo the pistol, and let mo make an end of this busi ness for ib is useless bo endure, inoro discom fort bhan is absolutoly mcessury.' For the second timo that night Clarence had drawn his watch from his pocket. ' By the way,' ho said, aa he glanced at it, ' thia watch must be got rid of ; it huj iny monogram upon it. What shull I do with it V' ' Havo you got n watch ? Why didn't yon say so boforo ? Let us go and pawn it. We can ab least have some supper, und not go hungry into the next world.' ' Why, this is childish. Tuko the watch and wolcoino, but loavo ino alone. Go ! lVihaps you may seo some roueou why you should live. Goodbye.' ' No. In the first pluco I intend to stay with you to the end, add in tho second place 1 can't pawn your watch, for if I do they will arrest mo whon your body is found. Como on, you aro not the innn I take you for ifyou will let a fellow crcuburo dio hungry.' Clarence roso reluctantly ; ho wished to got quickly over his foarful task. It might bo that ho feared his desporate couruge would fail him if he delayed. ' Come on, friend,' urged tho stranger, und the young man followed him. 'Now we can talk more at our ease,' said the man of many names ; slipping his hand through Mansfield's arm us they found thomsolves on n broader path. He talked on, and Munsfield was struck by tho force and oricrinality of his remarks, and varied nature of his information. Ho was both witty anil well read, and sromed to have more depth of character than n casual observer would have given him credit for. ' Give me tho watch,' he said, when they were clear of tho park, ' und meet me in yonder restaurant.' ' It is too late to pawn it now,' replied Clarence, placing the watch in his hand. ' Not at all. You are unsophisticated, my young friend. This is Saturday night, and this is the witching hour when the spider, whoso sign is three golden balls, catches more Hies than any other hour in tho day. Proceed to the restaurant, and I'll be with you anon.' Clarence obeyed. He walked inbo bhe restaurant und took his seat ub one of the tables. A wuiter came to take his order, bub he bold him he was waiting for a friend. Left to himself, a flood of painful thoughts came over him. The presence of his new acquaintance had banished them for the moment, but they returned with redoubled force when he was once more alone. He regretted that ho hud nob carried out his terrible intention without dolay.and blamed the chance that brought the other wretched man to the same spot us himself. While painfully musing he took up a paper that lay before him, the 'Daily Telegraph,' and among the ' Personals ' this caught his eye : — ' Clarence M ? . Come home. All will bo forgiven and forgotten. Mother is desperately ill, nnd asks for you constantly. —Father.' What a wild tumult of joy and sorrow surged through his heart. Overcomo by tho bide of feeling, he laid his head down on the table.and teurs of penitence streamed from his eyes. Those bears were nob un manly ; they washed uwuy the bitter feel ings ot anguish and despair, and left Clarence Mansfield a stronger and better man. Just as he conquered his emotion his new friend entered. He saw at a glance that some now tide in tha affairs of men hud turned in his companion's favour. He sat down and silontly placed a pile of monoy before Mansfield, and then ordered supper for both without asking one question. Clarence understood bhe delicucy that prompted him, and, touching his arm, laid the paper before him silontly, indicating the notice. ' I am glud, from my heart,' said the sbrunger warmly, pressing the young man's hand .« he spoke. ' You seo, it was well you followed iny advice. You will return, of course '!' 'Yes, return, and with God's help try to atone for the past and deserve my father's mercy. And you }' 'Me! Oh, I'll finish my supper and then go back und finish my work. Ib is no use for ir-e to live.' ' No, you shull not. Come with mo to Ualston. I shall tell my father when und how I met you. He employs over a hun dred men, and you are not too proud to woik for another man at present, aa you have no business of your own.' The only answer Clarence received was a hearty squeeze of the hand, and in tho piercing eyes of his companion ho saw tears well up. Next morning saw both men on their way to Dalston. When they arrived thore they went boforo Mr. Mansfield, and Clarence told their i-tory. The stern man was deeply moved, und in broken tones ho blessed und forgavo his erring son. He also extended a kindly welcome to tho stranger, who gavo his name as Herman Everlee. Mrs. Mansfield was very ill, but the sight of her boy's foco restored her. Everlee was placed in the counting-house, and proved himself a valuable assistant — honest, keen, .mil industrious. He remained in Mr. Mmsfiold's employ four years, and then requested leave of absence to go on a visit. He returned, after an absence of four weeks, with his wife aud child, the latter a lovely boy of six years. All his friends were tilled with surprise, as they iiad always supposed him an unmarried man. 'That is what lilled mo with despair,' ho suid in confidence to Clarence. ' But my bravo Mary fought on alnno till 1 had been hero a month, and then I wrote and told her all. Sinco then I have sup ported thorn, und now I nm once more a happy man. I havo gathered furniture by degrees, and although our homo is notmuch liko ourformor mansion. Mary loves it, and says she was never so happy, and I believe hor, God bless her.' Soon after thin Clarence also went away on leave, anil broughb buck his brido, tho beautiful Lucile.who had loved him so long and so devotedly. She knew his story, nnd wus willing to trust her hoarb to his kcop . ing, and time proved that her confidence wus not misplaced. He becamo one of the leading men in his business and social circle, respected by ull.and well beloved by relatives and friends, an honoured father and a happy husband. Years after, when the firm was known as Mansfield and Kvorlco, the partners set asido u sum every your. It was sent to a well-known clergyman in Whitechapcl to bo titcd by him for tho purpose of assisting juet such desperate men us thoy once had been— men driven' to despair by the fruits of their own folly. Tho fund was a socret to tho purtners, and was cullod by them ' Our fund for those who are ' Randy to Perish.'' 