CRICKET. ENGLAND V. AUSTRALIA. AUSTRALIA, 7 FOR 346. NOBLE SCORES 89. ENGLAND, 3 FOR 94. ANOTHEB DRAWN GAME, London, Julv 19. The rain which fell during the night at Manchester did not injure the wicket at all, as the heat of the weather dried up the moisture before the time for the commencement of plav. During the morning there were 13,000 people present to witness the match, and the greatest excitement and enthu siasm prevailed. When play was open ed, the batsmen began very cautiously, feeling carefully for the strength of the bowlers and the state of the wickets. Hearae bowled splendidly, and sent down six maidens in succession. When the score had reached 150, Brockwell was put on to bowl instead of Young, but, 15 runs later, the new bowler gave i-lace to Jackson. With the total at 176 Bradley tooK the ball from Hearne, but Trumper hit in such a slashing style that Young and Hearne soon resumed the bowling. Gregory joined Noble on the retire ment of Trumpfcr, but, after having made a single, he gave an easy chance to Ranjitsinhji in the slips. There were then four wickets down for 213, Noble being 80 not out. Darling filled the vacancy, and the Australian skipper had a stroke of luck to start with, for, when he had made three runs, he gave a chance to Jack son at mid-off. The ball travelled hard and low, and the fieldsman failed to get hold of it. The batsman celebrated hie escape by hitting out with freedom, and, when the adjournment for luncheon took place, four wickets were down for 240 runs, Noble being 82 and Darling 20. During the morning the wicket rday ed excellently, and Noble again gave a masterly display of sound, careful cricket. An affair which gave rise to a con siderable amount of discussion and cri ticism during the luncheon adjourn ment took place in the morning. Hay ward was attacked by indisposition, and .became so unwell that he had to leave the field. He was affected by the sun. MacLaren selected Tyldesley, the fam ous Lancashire professional, to act as a substitute for Hayward ; but Darling, the Australian captain, took exception to the choice of this player. He argued that the selectors of the English team had picked 13 men, from whom the final 11 were chosen, and that, in the event of a substitute being required, he should be one of the two who had not been pick ed for the match. In consequence of this objection, Rhodes went out as a substitute for Hayward. As so frequently happens, the lunch eon adjournment proved disastrous to the batsmen who had been successful up to the time at which play was stop ped. Hearne and Bradley took up the bowling, and the game had been in pro gress again for only a few minutes when Noble returned a ball to Hearne, and a magnificent innings came to a close. The New South Welshman, in the second innings as in the first, fully realised the responsibility that was placed upon his shoulders. His innings wa6 marked by dogged and grim determination. He took no chances, and gave not the faintest opportunity to the bowlers or fieldsmen to bring about his downfall. Tbe patience he exhibit ed is khown by the fact that he was at the wickets for five hours and 20 minutes, and his defence generally is described as being unequalled. He had scored 89 runs, and, although delighted at the disposal of so stubborn a bats man, many expressed great regret that Noble had not reached the century, an honor he richly deserved. When he left the creases Darling was 28 not out, and the total was 255 for the loss of five wickets. Iredale filled the vacancy, and opened with great caution, the next eleven runs beingferedited to Darling. Thirty-three runs were slowly added, and then Darl ing was caught at short-leg by Rhodes, who was fielding for HaywarcL The Australian captain was batting for over two hours for bis innings of 39, which was marred only by the early chance to Jackson. Six wickets were now down for 278, Iredale being not out 12. Just before Darling's dismissal two bowl ing changes had taken place, Young re placin'- Hearne at 26S and Brockwell Bradley at 272. Kelly joined Iredale, and the game proceeded at a funereal rate, the batsmen refusing to incur any risks in their ef forts to draw the game. After a long interval the third century appeared on the scoring-board amid cheers. At lenerth with the score at 319 Kelly was caught behind the wicket for 28, Ran jitsinhji being the successful bowler. Iredale was not out 23, and the total etood at 319 for seven wickets. Laver followed, and pursued the same tactics as the others, another period of monotonous 'stonewalling' ensuing. The batsman added 27 runs, and then Darling decided to close the innings, feeling that his side was safe from defeat, and that there was just a possibility of ?retting the Englishmen out. especially as Hayward was absent. Iredale was not out 36 and Laver not out 14, both men havinsr played patient and faultless cric ket. The total was 346 for seven wic kets. Hcame secured the best bowling an alysis, with thrro for 54, but Young: and Bradley both proved expensive. Eight of the Englishmen took a turn with the ball, but of the other five Ranjitsinhji was the only one who met with success. England needed 171 ? runs to win, and the Australians hac|F of course, so manssed. it t£$t tbe home \ players had not a ghost of a chance of mnkipg them before the call of time. The Englishmen nevertheless received orders to hit, and in doing so no fewer than three of them were caught in the deep field, Iredale taking the ball neatly each time. Ranjit sichji also gave two chances to Trumble and Gregory, the ball in each instance going up to a great height. Fry and Quaife were the first bats men, and the latter rather unexpectedly did most of the scoring. The Sussex amateur had scored only a single when he lashed out at Trumble and sent the ball sailing into the long field, where the fieldsman held it. With one wicket down for 14 Ranjitsinhji appeared, but he soon lost the company of Quaife, two wickets being down for 19. MacLaren came next, but was eon tent to leave most of the scoring to his partner. Aided by some luck, 'Ran ji', put on the runs fast. Fifty went up, but four runs later MacLaren tried a big hit, with the result that Iredale brought off his third successive catch. Jackson followed, and 40 runs were added in good style, the call of time then putting an end to the match. The Indian Prince played a dashing innings of 49, his two chances being due to the fact that he was trying to force the pace. Jackson was 1 4 not out. The Englishmen needed 76 runs to win at the call of time, with seven wickets in hand. The fourth test match thus ended in a draw, after an exceed inprlv hard-fousht gam& The chief feature of the match was the wonder fully patient defensive batting of the Australians, notably Noble, Trumble, Iredale, Darling, Kelly, and Laver. They succeeded in staving off what seemed to be at one time a certain de feat. That three of the test matches out of four should have terminated in draws is, however, very unsatisfactory, leavins unsettled, as it does, the ques tion of the cricket supremacy of the two countries. Appended are the scores: — AUSTRALIA. First innings ? 196 Second Innings. M. A. Noble, c and b Hearne ... 89 J. J. Worrall, c Broekwell, b Young 53 EL Trumble, c Ranjitsinhji, b Brad ley ? 7 V. Trumper, b Hearne ? 63 S. E. Gresrorv. c Raniitsinbii. b Hearne — ? ... 1 J. Darling, c sub., b Young ... 39 F. Iredale, not out ? 36 J. J. Kelly, c Lilley, b Ranjitsinhji 28 F. Laver, not out ... ... ... 14 Sundries ..; ... ... ... 16 Total for seven wickets ... 346 Innings closed. Bowling Analysis. — Hearne, three for 54 ; Younar, two for 71 ; Bradley, one for 82 ; Ranjitsinhji, one for 23 ; Brock well, nil for 36 ; Jackson, nil for 36 ; Quaife3 nil for 6 ; Hayward, nil for 10. ENGLAND. First innings ? 372 Second Innings. W. Quaife, c Iredale, b Jones ? 15 C. B. Fry, c Iredale, b Trumble ... 1 K. S. Ranjitsinhji, not out ... 49 A. C. MacLaren, c Iredale, b Trum ble ? 6 F. S. Jackson3 not out ? L4 Sundries ? , 9 Total for three wickets ... 94 Bowling Analysis. — Trumble, two for 33 ; Jones, one for 33 ; Howell, nil for 22. 