was it dorothy? "Now, Uncle Buttonball, I think you are foolishly prejudiced about it." Mr Benedict Buttonball, commonly called "Uncle Bill," shook his head at Frank Worrall's levity. "Maybe I am," said he, "but we're not to blame for our convictions. I can't help mine, anyhow. And I couldn't any more marry in the face of my promise to Hephsibah than I could— join the Mor mons!" "Paulina Pepper is a pretty girl," said Frank, "and a good girl, too; although not young." "If she were she wouldn't be suitable to me!" said Mr Buttonball. "I don't deny that it's all true enough, what you say. But, you perceive, I'm the victim of circumstance." "Circumstance Ire hanged!" ejaculated Frank Worrall, losing his temper at last and banging the door behind him, as he hurried out of the room. While Mr Buttonball again shook his head, he took his silver spectacles out of their case and unfolded the newspaper. "Polly Pepper would make a nice wife," he thought to himself. "As plump, and round, and fresh- colored as a Sep tember peach, or a cabbage rccse; and a woman, too, that thoroughly understands house-keeping. I almost wish I hadn't promised my dear departed Hephsibah never to marry again! But it's all past and over, and it can't be undone, more's the pity!" "Isn't he a fool!" said Dorothy Mar tin. "And is he really so superstitious about breaking the promise that that unreasonable virago of a wife extracted from him?" "Unquestionably he is," said Frank Worrall. "I suppose he actually believes that my Aunt ITepbsibah would haunt him if he married again, without her express permission. For a man of ordi nary intelligence, Uncle Buttonball is superstitious." "How?" queried Dorothy. "Oh, he sees winding sheets in the candie, believes there will be a death in the family if a dog chances to howl under the window, and would sooner cut off his right hand than begin haying or go on a journey of a Friday." "Frank!" hesitatingly began Dorothy. "Well !" "What sort of a woman was your Aunt Hephsibah? You know I never saw her. She died before I came to Hop ton to live." "A little, fat woman, with spectacles and a brown foretop, who always wore brown gingham and talked through her nose. I forgot, though — she had a mon strosity of a cap, with a frill two inches wide all around it, and a colossal how of snuff-colored ribbon perched on the very top — a guy of a cap, only lit for a scare- crow." "Not at all like Paulina Pepper," said Dorothy. "And Paulina really likes Mr Buttonball— and she needs a home, poor thing. Not to speak of Mr Butlonball's evident admiration for Paulina. It would certainly be a match if — " "If it wasn't for the departed saint in snuff-colored ribbons, " said Frank, with an irreverent imitation of his Uncle But- tonball's peculiar intonation when speak ing of his departed wife." "Poor Paulina!" said Dorothy. "And poor Uncle Buttonball!" echoed Frank Worrall. "Upon the whole, dar ling, it looks like a hard case." "Past 11 o'clock," said Uncle Button- ball, looking up at the clock over the rims of his silver specacles. "Welk I hadn't an idea it was so late. And snowing and blowing like all possessed, and the wind howling down -the chimney fit to set a man's teeth on edge. Just such a night as poorfrTephrfbalh i»«d years ago, and— bless me," with a slight cold shiver down his spinal column, "if it ain't the 20th of November— the Iden tical anniversary of the sad event. Poor Hephsy!" folding his arms and looking thoughtfully into the fire; "I hope she's happy in the other world. She never took much comfort in this, what with flies and dust and poor kitchen help." And then Mr Buttonball fell Into a doze or a reverie — he never could be quite certain which — from which he was aroused by the old kitchen clock striking 12. "Midnight! It ain't possible!" cried Mr Buttonball, chilly, uncomfortable and superstitious. "And the fire e'en a-most out. I guess I'll rake it up and go to bed." But as ho rose with a sort of rheumatic stiitness from his chair the door leading from the buttery creaked slightly, a slow, heavy footstep sounded on ths floor, and looking around with startled and dilated c-yes Mr Buttonball beheld— the departed Hephsibah. "Benedict!" spoke out the quavering and nasal voice. "Benedict! Benedict!" (It was always so, Uncle Buttonball re membered, in all well - authenticated ghost stories, the summons was dis tinctly enunciated three times.) "W— w— well, my dear," stuttered Mr Buttonball, holding tightly to the arms of his chair lost his teeth should cliattar him off from it. "I have brought a message from the oilier world, Benedict," solemnly uttered The Presence. "You want to marry again!" "N — not If you object to it. my dear. faltered the shaking widower. "I — I— that Is " "Peacel Disturb not the voices of higher sphere." "No, my dear, I won't," said the sub missive husband. "Peace, I say!" (Hephsibah's old way of putting him down, without a loophole for argument) "and listen; you are ab solved from your promise to contract no second marriage. You are a free agent. My eyes are opened now to many things, among them the folly of my earthly jealousies. Go, marry whom you will, and my blessing rest upon your bride. The word is spoken, the oracle la closed." Slowly the brown-glngliamed form re treated backward, with gleaming spec tacles and uplifted finger, through the buttery door, into the back kitchen, while Uncle Buttonball sat staring and transfixed with an agony of superstitious terror. "He has really asked you to marry him, Paulina?" "Yes, really," said Paulina Pepper, her blooming face all smiles and dimples. "And I'm so glad! Because — there can't be any harm in owning it now, Dorothy, dear — I did like him ever so much." "He's a very nice old man — I nvan middle-aged gentleman," said Dorothy Martin, demurely. "But I though bf had determined never to marry ag tin." "Oh, that's all settled," cried Pjui'm, looking complacently down at - the red shine of her garnet engagement ring. "He thinks he has had a vision — that his departed wife appeared to him and released him from Ills vows." "Dear me!" said Dorothy. "How very strange!" "Of course, the dear fellow must hava been asleep end dreaming, though— don't you think ho?" "Undoubtedly," said Dorothy. "For — wliat are you laughing at, dear?" Paulina Pepper broke off to say. "Nothing, nothing ; only It seems so ridiculous that in this age of the world peop'e can believe In ghosts!" cried Dorothy, giving way to a hearty peal of laughter, as she caught up her em broidery and hurried out of the x'oom. Frank Worrall followed her. "Dorothy," said he; "it was you!" "What do you mean?" "The ghost." "Prove it, if you can!" cried Dorothy, saucily. And that was all she would ever admit. — "New York News." 