UNITED IN DEATH buy H FURZE 'Oh darlinig, do not leave me!. Take me with you ! 'I can't, little one; you could never stand the hardships in the colonies. The speakers were both young-Frank Thurgood and his sweetheart, Mary Milford, a pretty, determined-looking girl. 'But, Frank, dear, I'd sooner go with you, even if life in the bush were hard and rough, for, dearest, I love you well enough to share whatever hardships there may be. 'You have been tenderly brought up Mary, and I couldn't think of taking you, whom I love better than my life, into the wild bush of Australia, where settlers are scarce, and the blacks are dangerous. They might kill you while I was away. And he kissed her tenderly as lie-con tinued--'Don't think of it any more, dar ling. -Frank Thurgood was the third son of a wealthy tradesman,, who had been so incensed at Frank's engagement with penniless Mary Milford that he had offered his refractory offspring the option of a passage to Australia or starvation in his own country. \- -Anyway, he would have nothing more to do- with him, said the irate father; and -thus it came about that Frank presently found himself in Melbourne, with £50 in his pocket, and no one but himself to look to for more, lHe determined to go to a station-to- gain colonial experience, and after waiting for a couple -of -months, during which his funds rapidly diminished', he obtained a .situation as Boundary rider on Burra Murra station. Being of an athletic-build; and having _had some' instruction in the ' manly' art, his in trodrection- to-stationr life was not so rough a'it :is- to iiany new chums,, and' he soon settled dbownto his work, and after the- lapse of four years was made overseer. - Ile. had' regurarly, corresponded: with his sweetheart, and now that hislong-hoped-for advhanement had come, he posted the follbow ing letter --M.y. Darling. Mary;-.At last I can--see our way to - happiness;. . I hiav been made overseer-of the station;and have. a pretty little cottage to live inr.- . Cobmeout - by the- next boat,iand- we will be married' quietly in Melbourne,. have aslook round, anid then come home. And: the letter dwelt in' happy terms on, the bright future before-them; and- concluded', SYour own lbvingFirank,. A quiet joy possessed' Miss Milford's heart as she read, and' she was. already picturing the-scenes Frank had so often- written.of;. \--It-wasvsummer time. BUrra :Murra station h'ad! been'' under stocked' through-the previous° winter,; and the graas was long,, -and dry as-tinder,. Pitilessly the hot sun glared- dbwzr through, the'quivering air: The whole of the- station hand's liad-been' eal ed upon to- be ready for bush- fires. Fiank and the. manage! were sittingupon' tfie verandah' one- Sunday afternoon. Frank had'just been-pouring his-story-into the sympathetic- ears of the- manager, whn' I they heard' the' hoofibeats. of a galloping: Io,? e; A b',undaryrider rode rapidly up; shouting. At bush- fire has broken;out in- No.. 8pad--4 dbck, mu,- is- travelling this- way at a.;greats' pace, withl a strong wind; behind' it. Fiank and the manuager leaped- to tlieir eet, andf were'soon galioping to- the:spot. After lialf an- hour's hard riding they saw' the smoke and flitmes- rapidly bearingo-dowwn towawds the-m.- " The scene' was a grand' one;. The fire was spread our oover-a couple-of" miles-ih width;. and thie flumes, fed by tlihe tall grass and thick scrub; leaped' liigi to-the" heavens, as- if in' exultant; mockery of the efforts'of man to control them; On nearing the fire they separated; and:as' Fiank rode- of? he saii1 jblingl~y, ' It -Idbon'!t come- hackl, et tie little one know, The' manager' fauhed-. andi did!not! Eieedi the words; Bhsh.fiires werecommonenougli-experierices to him,- and he gave no- thought to'any, possi- ble danger to-his firiend*. Frank rode rapidly round-to tle'riklit, andt asiheoame- to-wliere-- the* fl'am,. and:smoke were swirling acrdss the track, he noticed: the" Ssky lihd: become-black itih tie'lieavy clouds that portend a-thunderstornm. ' Thope to- God it rains ' he- murmured' to' hiimself as he- rode- rapidly along parallel' writh the fire.- ' It will; save thoosands of sheep, and the' tiomestead;. tooim;. mdst likely. J'-st as lie got to. tle extreme-boundary of-' the fire,- and' was' riding along' under': tall, dry gum;.tlhere- was a- blinding ifsh; and: the striben. horst- reared; and:! fell' upon, its widerr. .. And' Fank- lay- motionl'ess wtti- lirsface turnedito.the sky; his blue eyesgfastgI'azing" in-death.- : SWhen the fire liad been got undeir" thiey missed him, and af~ter a short searibctifbund him' lying upon' t t??i k where he- had: fillan. - He-liad:been sa~veifrom, the heat- of'tlie fire-hy the body ofhi- Horse;. but the mana- ager's heart throhi ed with' compasion: as- he gazed- upon poor Fiank'sbody,. and' thought: of the-story he-had heard but an hliour before,. 2He- glanced around, and the- splintered; e· maihs of the giant guni, asitliad: been'torn asunder'by the- awful force of the- lightning,. told thia-- story of the sad' and: suddn- catas trophe -, - They carried'tlhe'liod r reverently lipme, and' raid- it to' rest at the foot ofta lrge pine;.on, a' knoll:overlooking thle-cre-k; ,nd' erected a plain; wooden cross to mark the restingp!ace of their friend' and companion: Then- it was, that the. manater oF the stationv thought of Fi-ank's lkst words, and he sat down and- wrote to-Miss- Milford a fill. account of her lover's tragic end. The letter arrived a fortnighlt after the one from Fiank that had conveyed' sucli welcoine new~'to- her. -. . TIielblow crushed lier,:and she liidi?lierself away from all who knew her;. nursing. lier sorrow in silence mad alhlies'--: Twelve years later the new- manager of urrrar Marra Station was sitting on the .er andirh of the honis'tead w?lhen he-saw a:swag- van, approachi-g r... The newcomer' appreareri too hb: a: elean. &s; eE •an. b... my ers f, shoit,, and rather stoutly built, and of a turn disposition. . - ' Evenin', boss !' was -his salutatio as he came up to the verandah.. ' Well, my man, what do you wan said the' manager. 'Work; if you've got it., -Anythi st:all -cookin'.: or hut-keepin' I've bin used 'Can you cook 1 S'Hey bin cookidn! ill-nmy- life;' gro d the stranger. '"Very well. I want a eooklfort men, and if'you're any good you can stay ., You - can camp in that hut beside the kitc nt:h's just big enough- for one, ' Thankee, boss,' said the strangea. ' What is your name ' qpeiiedl ti mana ger. 'John- Wilson,' said the new co as he moved off towards-the hut which w pointed: out to him. Wilson- proved an- unqualified suaess as a cook, but as a chum the- men onouneed him a dead- failure. ' He- never spoke if he could help it, and then in- such- a, surly tone that he was very soon left to-his- own, companionshi There was a- peculiar look- in hiL eyes that the men could- not make out. It was a- hungry look, as.if the' eyes were I ever seeking for something: or someone. And presently it came to be the opinion .that there was a- sort of mystery about the cook, and many were the- speculations con- cerning it. As soon' as Wilson's- work was done he went to- his-hut and stayed there, but the -inquisitive ones-never saw a light . Once-a- new hand had' gone to the cook's 'hut and pushed- the door open. He afterwards- told the others: that the look. the -cook- gave him was- fairly stagger ing,. and certain it was, that- he never jwent there again. When he- opened' the- door Wilson was `kneeling by his bunk,- and. on- it was what -the intruder took tobe a phioto.-.ofa girl, he isupposed-and, Wilson was-murmuring 'My darling ! my dorling. A' discovery was- made,: too; that a- ghost ,was to- be seen-at the- grave on the creek. ... A, boundary rider who was-out late, on the run- one-night said he saw a-white- figure at the grave. He was so scared, that he- did not stop-to; see what it was, but he felt certain, it was- a ghostas his-horse' was frightened when, the: figure- moved. After a time the- manager heard: the story;. and one day walked: down; to the- grave. His surprise was great when- he- found it carefully tended,- and quite gay with, the flowers that had been,planted there; His interest was aroused; and- he noticed' for the- first time that a- track, faint but easily seen, led- from the grave towards the homesteed; and another fromn. the grave to-: wards the creek; Returning. to the station;. hie went to, tile men's- hut,. and- casually asked. if any o0fthem had beendown to-the grave lately;. -:" The fear of the-ghost seemed general, liow ever, and- all denied. that they had lately visited- what was-said' to be-the spirit's-favor ' ite-resort. The-manager dbtermined'he would fihd' out who-was.playing? thl part of ghost. That someone was doing: so -he felt. -cone vincedi- . Accordin?lfy about 1ui o'clock in tlie even- I ing he- hid himself- in- some bushes- close tbo the grave,, and he had not beewlong in con oealment when he noticed something: white moving through the bushes along the track from the station:. - An' eerie feeeling crep, over him, bhut he determined to- keepi hiis position. Neaieir the figure came,. and nearer' till it reached tdie grave .... I opened: the litle gate,. and;' kneeling: down, laid' her face to-the-cold ground. 'Oh; Gobd ! how long I' how !bfig. - Titke me,.that I'may see my darling agaifi. The manager was- startled . . SIt was a woman.. H'e coulf' distinguish- thie feiatures, bunt could not remember where-e head seenhad iimi before,, though the face seemed quite familiar to-liim: The-' giost ' thien began its'nightly minis rationai carrying water from the.creek,; and earefully tended every flower upon the grave. Her task of love ended, she knelt down: and clasped her arms-around the simple cross1 and, with- her cheeek pressed against its rough ,surface,. poured: forth: to- the darli and silent pines around her, in broken murmuribgs ,tlie: sad:story of her life.. 'M'v lhearb was broken wlien I heard' youi were: killed,. darling--taken from .ie in- a moment,. 'Oh; Gobd:!:what agony I. suffered ! And for years , think I must have been- mad. And then;.darling, I thought of you- Tying liere alone. witlih no loving hands to tend your ave'e; and I determined- to come out and- be near you.. Five:weary-years I tried to-come to-you-tried as-a woman-and then-dear est, forgive-i took a' man's place; and so I founnd where youe had been laid- to sleep;. It: is a pretty spot, darliig,: and we coula- havew Sbeen- sohappy if you: hadonly been spared to me.. I do-not mind the menial work. The Slong,. weary liours of the day are endurabie, because the night leaves- me free to thlin of that I may soon he-with you. ' Her head drooped, and the hitterest weep ing it had ever been: his lot to hear scundedi in themanager's ears. - WiTli silent steps he- crept away,. and left thie- broken-hearted woman- mourning for her dead. Three-days later Wilson was missing. The hut was opened; but he was-not there; SNothing wasto be seen but a big box,.and at'one-side of the hut,. opposite the bunk, where the eyes: of the occupant would: first rest on- waking,. was the photo, of a man. lt was the- portrait of Frank Thurgood, taln?n befbre he left the old country. SThe manager.closed the door,. and, telling in a few brief sentences what lhe suspected, he led thie- way to the grave. Upon it, with her arms claspingithe- coldI earth, lay the body of Mary Milfor~. Her nightly prayer had beeu granted.. . . Her spirit had joined that of hd- -lover;, never again to be parted. i - N ext day the employes of the- sta ion as semblhd;, and; with reverent handa and lowered heads,. the body of the poor girl was laid heside her lover;. andi on: the wooden cross was. placed the words-- "United in Death" ... 