1 MOT HPEIIE, g — . COUPLETS m TBIS I8SVE \ by . i MRS. H. H. PENROSE. COPIRIOHT. j/— B-ED Bingham, and -his bnHher-in-law, Dr Gard-' / n/ neV, woro \ spending a jjr glorious January in the m npghbourHqpd of Rimes- / fejjjjiiii > They' had come to buy land, and they' had ro- raaiiied to huut, under to the 8iipermteudon'66 of two g crackers whom they had lured to initiate them in tho -mysteries H of the -woods. They pitched a U tent ou tho south side of Lake B .Lena, to whioh they returned S . nightly, starting on their hunfc- ' . ing every monuug before sun- rise, while thero was still somewhat of .that nip in the ait which will raako itself felt iu the nights of oven a warm Florida winter. Jaie West and Hiram Wood were enjoying themselves. Hunting and camping out wero the finest kinds of diversion they knew any thing about, and to be paid for doing these things by R couple of green Britishers .'was a piece of luck that did not often come in their way. They were determined to make the most of it while it lasted, and the longer it lasted the better. , Thereforo they wero not altogether sorry to . find the deer scarce and shy, for they guessed shrewdly enough that the determined lunatics witli whom they bad to do would never consent to brcuk up camp until they had scoured a buck's skiu. or two which might he carried iu triumph "to tbo settlement. For three days they saw nothing to shoot hut squirrels and quails ; uud oh the fourth daj Fred Binghum disgraced himself and all belonging to him by allowiug himself to fall into' that pitiablo condition of mental and physical derangement known to hunters as 4C buck ague." Tho party had made an early start as usual, aud had not tramped a mile before they sighted a group of graceful, startled creatures,' standing still for a breathless moment to gaze at tlie intruders before trusting their swiftness to carry them out of danger. The crackers imitated their caqtion, and the. doctor, with nerves professionally steadied, behaved him self excellently for a beginner ; but the excitement was too much for the Kid, as Fred was commonly called by a disrespectful family oirclo. Buok ague seized him ; he dropped his rifle, und shouted to his silent companions, at the top of bis vpioe : Look at tho deer ! Look at tho deer !" By that time tho deer understood the situation rather better than anyone else, and wero off for tho wild woods without waiting for a longer interview. Tho crackers swore steadily and together for tenininutes, without pauses or repetitions , tho person who had done all the mischief picked up his rifle, look ing vory foolish — a sadder, if not a much wiser kid ; and the doctor had the satisfaction of laughing at him until laughter became monotonous. It was a day of unmixed ill- luck ; and in disgust at tho perversity of things, they turnod buck towards the camp earlier thun usual. The doctor had lamed himself with a prickly pear, and tho Kid walked slowly by reason of tho Iowiicsr of his spirits ; but the crackers, always as frcsli as paint at the end of a day, swung along at a fine pace, and encouraged their lugging employers. ' I reckon there's considerable of the boss about me," Jake West remarked. "The road homo always seems tho shortest, and I kin go evcrlustin'ly once I git wind o' feed an' bedding." " That's so," Hiram Wood agreed ; " 'eept you happen to be driviu' an ox team. Nothing makes any difference then." " Why?" asked tho doctor, who yearned for information on all subjects. 'Wal, you sec," said Hiram, "it's an employment that makes a mun sort o' desp'ratc. Yon don't kecr what happens you in this world or the noxt while you're at it. I used to do considerable of it myself before I got religion ; but when I became a church mcmbor, I found that I was jest obliged to quit them oxen." "I don't 6ee the connection," said the doctor. 44 There warn't no connection," Hiram answered, solemuly. " That wus jest the trouble. To move an ox thut don't want to move, it takes language thut would muke an or'nury man's liair rise, an' stay riz for twouty-four hours, whioh is a kind of behaviour that don't fit in along with church membership. I hud to choose between religion an' tho team ; an' boing sorter anxious about iny soul at tho timo, I con cluded to quit the team. That's clear, ain't it?" "Quito clear," said the doctor. "You spoke just in tiino toprevent mo from saying something strong about that confounded prickly pour. I don't believe I shall be able to walk to-morrow." " Then I'll go out alone," said the Kid, making a desperate resolution to retrieve his honour or die iu tho attempt. Tho crackers griuned, und said nothing to dissuade him, und he relapsed into another long silence ; but thut night, when they hud iitiished supper, and were all sitting round tho great caiup fire, built rather for cheerful ness than warmth, bis spirits rose a little, and ho allowed tho doctor to chuff him about the growth of his moustache without any resentment ; he evou chaffed himself. 4 I know it's growing, ' ' he said. 4 4 1 have to wine it now every timo I drink." "klver uso bear's grease?" said Hiram Wood, gravely. 4 4 There's a follow up iu the settlement that's greusiu' au' smcarin' lii.s'u for all he's worth, and he hain't got it up to tho size o' yours yet." 44 No," said tho Kid, with an affectation of groat seriousness ; tho progress of mine is due to nature alone. But I havo heard that there is itiuoh virtue in the grease of a 'coon. Is ittruo?" " I reckon that's so," Jake West, answered, " hut it wouldn't have been worth while to kill a 'coon jest here, not to bring up the biggest crop o' hair that over grew on a ; man's face." 44 Why not ?" asked the Kid. 41 1 Will," said Hiram, "hewouttoo fur in say m'# a 'coon, which ain't in a strict wuyo' speakin' what you cull au eatable animal ; an' tho story Jake hov in his mind only cotisarns beasts uu' birds that are Jitten for food." 44 But what is tho story?" tho Kid inquired, looking from one to the othor. 44 Are the creatures poisonous hereabouts ? We have been catiug u good muuy of them, and ure none tho worse for it." Hiram shook his head, und smiled an ominous and ghastly smilo. 44 It ain't it question of pizen," he Baid. 44 An' it ain't no burm to eat creatures here sd long's you don't leave none o' their flesh rcmainm'. Wo'vo never bad- enough to spare for that in this yor camp, an' I reckon it's & providonco we got no deer for that same reason. No, thcro's nothing about pizen; but there's a htoiy— " 44 Well, well," said the Kid, waxing impationt, after the manner of tho young ; 44 lot's have it." 44 You mightn't like it so well when you .. hear it ; because," said Joke, dropping his voice lo u sepulchral whisper, 44 it's right under tho tent— about the spot where you made your beds o' nights." 4 What is ? Tho story ?" " No," said Jake. 44 The grave." The doctor was enjoyiug himself silently ; and his. eyes twinkled as he caught a sniothored sweur word before the Kid inquired, 44 Whose grave?" 44 A murdered man's," answered Hiram, solemnly. 4 4 Lively?" said tlie Kid. 44 Only somotiraes," said Hiram. 44 Hostiy he stays quiet enough; but when there's fresh-killed game left around at night lie gits powerful restless. - You aee, he died wantin' his supper. He'd hov had venison steaks that night if he'd lived ; an so the 'smell o' fresh game sorter rises his dander still, iuiv s he feels bound to git at it. when it's thar." Tho dootor obuokled, and the Kid laughed ; but tbo night was dark, and there was a ring of uneuainess iu his mirth. 44 It happened five years ago," Hiram wont on, 44 Steve Durranco au' unothor muwur out hunttn' together, an' they bad a quor'l over tho dawgs, or somothin' sim'lar, an' the other, man stuok ' hiS) kiiifo ; ihto 'Sfeye, an' buried him thar, as it might be whar your bofllipq, at the 'west end o' the tout. I kunw tho spot sure epough." ".Andwhb saw him afterwards?" asked the ' Kid,' with a superior 'and inoredulous smile. ' " . \- i4|ffore'n pne. .lnintin' party that wur oamped near by," said Jake .'i I know a mail that 'seen him with his own eyes,' There Was a'deer hung up to this yor small oak beside the tent ;"an? the man 1 know woke up' in the night, an' seen Stove rise lip out of his, grave, with ; a huntin' knife fitiokin' betwoen his ribs, an' go oyer to the deer, an' but off the hack strop witli that' same knife. Ah' in the mbrniu the grave wus quiet and hard as ever, and thar was no sign o> Stove; only footprints 'around tho deer— an' tho haok strop had gone to stay." 44 You'dq'n't suppose," said the Kid, with a slight sneer which his little hit' of flaxen down was hardly sufficient tohlde,.4ithafc one of tho party might lmvo got hungry in tho night, 'and thought of scuuriug the best bit of the doRL for a, private supper." 44 Do livin' men go pokin' around with huntin' -knives stuck in thoir ribs ?" usked Hiram disdainfully. 4 4 Tho knife might have been an optical delusion," tho Kid suggested, and glanced at the dootor for confirmation of his ideas. 44 Possibly your ' friend hnd something strong to wuBh down his own rightful supper, or he might hnvo been only half awake." 44 Why don't you say lie was nsleop, an' dreamt it ?" inquired Jake, with flue sarcasm. 44 That would certainly be the most natural thing to suppose," answered the Kid readily enough, 44 only for the disappearance of the venison; A dream could not havo devoured it any more than a ghost." . ' But the doctor, who could not be beguiled iuto giving uii opinion, only continued to grin, and presently moved, an adjournment to bed, whither tlie Kid went bravely, disdaining to move his blankets u quarter of an inch from tkeiruccuHtoraed place. Heslept soundly enough, and the next morning ho went put alone with dogged determination to make up for past failures, and bsut on show ing the men how little he cured for their grisly horrors. They laughed a good deat betweon themselves, but their ilippaut triumph did not lust long. " Tho sun was high in tho heavens when the Kid appeared, hot and breathless, trailing from his shoulders the carcase of a fine yoimg doe. He said he bad shot it ten miles off, and repeated the statement many times during tho day ; hut no ouo believed liitn, for they knew perfectly welt that ho could nob have carried it a mile to save his life. With great ostentation, and many glances directed towards the men, he hung it upon the very tree that hnd figured in the story; mid then, as a proof of his highly doveloped sporting qualities, set about breaking his fast without washing his hands. He was so tired that lie would have liked to He down, and go to sleep for the rest of the day ; but he hud no intention of giving himself away so cheaply as that, so he volunteered to help the doctor, who was limping inside the tent, trying £o reduce things to a semblance of order. 44 You are only in tho way," growled the dootor, naturally resenting the luck which had given all to tho Kid who did not deserve it, and nothing to him who did. 44 I'd get on much better without you." 44 You're jealous, of course," said tho Kid ; 44 but if I don't muko quite such a sjnuvt housemaid as you in spite of your prickly pear, you inust remembor that I have just walked ten miles, carrying n heavy load." 4 4 Ten grandmothers, currying a fiddle stick." retorted tho doctor. "Ten miles," repeated the Kid, with an air of steady adherence to tho fact. But at this point he found himself threatened with a tin of preserved meat, and, knowing the strength and length of his athletic brother-in-law's arm, took refuge outsido tho tent, and did not allude to liis ten-mile walk more than a dozen times in tho next hour. Later ou the doctor skinned the deer, and tho Kid inspected proceedings with more swagger than was actually necessary, giving orders' thnt no meat should he cut from it until tho next day, so that they might be sure to havo it tender. Accordingly "West and Wood went to tho lake, and caught half- a-dozen bass, which made a fnirJy good supper, but were as nothing to men whose souls loved savoury meat ana longed for it. It was with deep thankfuluess the Kid felt that ho could at last retire to rest with honour; aud in two minutes after he had wrapped himself in liis blankets his com panions were made aware thnt he was sleep ing soandly, and recognised the faot that thero was little chance of rest for themselves whilo that hideous uproar continued. But thoy had soft hearts, and pitied his youth, so thoy forebore to do moro rnau turn him over on his other side, which if it hud not altogether the desired effect, at least made matters a Utile more endurable. Ho miirht have continued iu this uncon sciously blissful stato of rest for three or four hours, when he was suddenly disturbed by sounds and movements under his bed of so ccrio a naturo that ho felt his flesh creep and his hair stand on end merely at thought of the horror they suggested. Presently he saw au awful form creep forth as though from beside him. aud move steadily towards tho entrance of the tent, which he could see from where he lay, gasping, und buthed in cold perspiration. With it mighty effort he controlled his trembling limbs sufficiently to insist on thoir currying him in pursuit ; und, having made his exit, found the world without bathed in u mysterious light whioh, iu the absence of the moon, displayed every object clearly to his fascinated gaze. Thero was tho tree ; thero was the deer ; and, advancing towards it slowly, tlicro was thut dread figure which had crept from its grave beneath his bed a few minutes before. There, also, was tho hunting-knife, long aud murderous, sticking hetvvoou tho ghostly ribs; ghostly blood dripped from the wound ; and presently a ghostly hand, seizing tho handle, drew forth the knife — a deep groan follow ing — and brandished it over tho raw. venison. A sudden courage filled tho bosom of the Kid — a bravo determination that neither man nor dovil should help himself to that venison without asking leave of the lawful owner; and with a choking ory of 44 Stop, thief !" he hurled himself forward, grasping wildly at tho knife— at the murdered mun— ut the empty air. It was a cry to ourdle tho blood in tho stoutest heurt ; and in unothor minute the doctor and tho two crackers were on the scene. Bub they wore depending on one lantern among them, for no mysterious light shone for their guidance, and it wus not without considerable groping and stumbling that they finally discovered the Kid, pros trate hesido his spoil, and looking more youthful than ever in his nightgonr. Thoy took him up tenderly. "He made one more gurgling effort at speech, and then relapsed into snoring compurod with whioh his former fonts in that lino had been but doveliko murinurings. So was he borne, limp and unresisting, buok to his haunted bed" in the tent ; mid the dootor, who for obvious reasons could sleep no more, sat up until the small hours, making notes for a treatise on nightmare, aud speculating on the possible effbots of bass fried, in bacon fat, followed by a whole tin of preserved peaches. 