CUBBENT TOPICS, General Yule Is reported to be broken In health, and no longer fit for the rigours of the campaign. Consequently he returns to Eng land Invalided, after a brief but not Inglorious experience. There can be little doubt that the hardships of that famous forced march from Dundee to Ladysmlth have been respon sible for the gallant officer's condition. The detailed narrative of that magnificent retire ment from an untenable position has yet to be told. Sufficient has been learned, however, of Its stress to Indicate that it Is worthy to rank In military history with the moBt mas terly of strategical movements. Few can rea lise the dangers of that march by night In the soaking rain, through a country swarming with vigilant foes, along mountain defiles in which fifty of the enemy could easily annihi late the whole force under the gallant British officer. It says much for General Yule's leadership that he brought his men- uiiBcath'dd through that four days' trying experience, and triumphantly came through the ordeal. ; But In the supreme effort his own health has given way, an outcome which will be noted; with regret all over the Empire. Though, In other Australasian colonies, Premiers of long reign are going down like ninepins, or Senacherlb's host, before the Op position, King Seddon I., of New Zealand, pro mises to come up smiling, and considerably stronger than ever. His strength, however, lies chiefly in the weakness of the Opposition —lost sheep without' a shepherd. There Is no real Opposition party in New Zealand, because there Is no leader worthy of the name — save, perhaps, George Hutchison, the one strong, Eelf-contalned man of the lot, and the Oppo sition won't have him at any price, simply because he Is strong. Moreover, the N.Z. Con servatives, so-called, have not the slightest conception of acting together for one object. Each plays his own game off his own bat, while provincial jealousy fiercely rages,-. The Auckland members of the Opposition won't help Wellington; Wellington and Christ- church, Chrlstehurch and Dunedln have noth ing In common, save hatred of one another. Captain Russell, In his private capacity an estimable, If somewhat "haw, haw," gentle man, considered as the leader of a party, is a black frost; Mr. Rolleston, a scholar, and an enlightened polltlclan,'most appropriately termed "Dismal Billy," Is more fatiguing as a speaker than an EngllBh high-church curate raw from Oxfordi; Duthie, a good man, capi tal financier, and wretched orator, stands out from Ill-health; W. C. Buchanan, the very worst speaker In the HoUBe of Representa tives, of whloh he has had many years' lease, has been unexpectedly beaten by a political nobody. So Seddon, big, burly, determined, an Inextinguishable speaker, and master of every Parliamentary and electioneering de vice, dodge, and trick, once again ties the Opposition to his chariot wheels. The news that the British troops at Modder River (S.A.) became almost maddened by thirst, owing to the Inability of the "water- carts" to approach the zone of fire, leads us to wonder why water-carriers are not em ployed — two or three to each regiment, as In India. What reader of Kipling fails to re member his fine tribute In verse to Gunga Ebln, the "Bheestle- wallali," Who, with his goat-slcln of cool water, Indifferent to chaff, Ill- temper, or the enemy's bullets, follows so raithfully, cheerfully, and undauntedly the for tunes of the company to which he is attach ed? The "Blieestle-wallahs," or native wa ter-carriers of India, are about the only peo ple in that country who are always just where they are wanted. Let a man be sun- struck, and long before he can he carried into shade the Bheestle springs from nowhere In particular, pouring water from bis "musslclc" on the stricken man's head. Maddened with heat and mosquitoes. In the hot season on the plains of Bengal, the white man may rise before the dawn, yet he will find the omni present lheestie ready to douche him with water from the big well. No zone of fire would keep this .watering-cart on two human and humane legs from ministering to the par ticular troops to which he is attached. There are some great institutions in Hindustan, but nothing that can excel Gunga Dhln! He might yet, one would think, be cabled for (a battalion of him) to India. From Blayney comes the news that a ghost Is causing consternation among the men em ployed at the local copper mine. It appears that this ghost confines Its attention to one particular shaft, and the miners hear Issuing from that vicinity strange noises, bells ring ing, chains clanging, mingled with much sighing and awe-Inspiring groans. . Men, too, going to their work have had their candles inexplicably extinguished, and have felt the presence of a supernatural visitor. Six miners have already knocked off work out of sheer terror. The owners of the Blayney copper mine are probably to be congratulated. A ghost seldom haunts a locality of that de scription for nothing, and the chances are that a careful examination of the haunted spot will reveal. some rich mineral .discovery. The same game was tried many years ago at Hanging Rock, and resulted in the discovery of one of the richest reefs in the district. The ghost on that occasion, who turned out to be a certain cunning old-hand miner, was only saved from lynching by speedily giving him self up to the police. Be still this throbbing heart— be still! The George- street tramway will start running to-morrow! Are things what they seem, or are dreams about? That It will begin running on that day is certain, because the Railway. Commissioners have said so, and the promises . of those dig nitaries are, like unto the laws of the Medes and Persians, unbreakable. It Is oniy to be feared, however, that the startling sud denness of this commencement may be the means of unseating the reason of many of our Inhabitants. Sydney people have been broken In by long years of experience to wait, and watt, and wait again for every Instalment of public convenience, and the George-street tramway, though hanging 'twlxt heaven and earth for many years, will not. If It really runs to-morrow, have been hung up long enough to, SO III speutt, mature, IHCIC win uc «» phere of newness, rawness, Indlgestiblllty about It, which may probably disagree with our citizens. President M'Klnley's disclaimer of a format alliance with Great Britain must be regarded as merely an assurance to the noisy antl- Brltlsh section of United States electors. Yet it would he unwise to take it as signifying that the United Stages Is unprepared to back up Great Britain against any European com bination. There la, perhaps, just as much po tency in an unwritten alliance as In any hard and fast treaty. Bonds of sentiment are stronger than diplomatic red-tape. Anybody who doubts this may receive proof strong as Holy Writ by studying the relations of the self-governing colonies with the Mother coun try. No treaty could be more binding than the ties between the distant parts of the Em pire. So that those enemies of England who imagine that she Is splendidly — from their point of view — Isolated must not take the President's speech as indicating any less fiiendly understanding between the two great Anglo-Saxon nations. On the con trary, the absence of any binding treaty em phasises the reality of the unwrlttefi alliance. A New Zealand temperance lecturer recent ly arrested for non-payment of costs In a. hotel ease was released upon a local brewer paying the money for him; Here was a heaping of fire on an enemy's head with a vengeance! But how, It may be asked, could a conscientious teetotal advocate per mit a. brewer, of ull people In the world, to play the Good Samaritan to him? Surely, those sovereigns which the generous and for giving brewer paid for the apostle of cold water must have been obtained by sale of the " accursed thing," and we all know the Good Templar promises and vows he will benefit neither directly nor Indirectly by the sale of the "demon drink." Perhaps, however, the Boanerges of the Pump— could it possibly have been the Rev. Isltt, by the way? — deem ed that, by allowing the brewer to pay his Shot, he was carrying the war into the ene my's country— living free,' as It were, on the fatnesses of the foe. Apropos, as far as can be ascertained up to time of writing, the Pro hibitionists In New Zealand have not suc ceeded in making any particularly big splash at the general election there. The great "Tommy" Taylor, a bulwark of the "cause," has not, it appears, been returhed to the House, of Representatives, while Collins, an antl-Prohlbltlonist lecturer,. Is one of the suc cessful candidates for Chrlstehurch City, the home of the Rev. Ialtts, and the headquarters of Prohibition In New Zealand. > The two hours' debate about the Civil Ambulance Association last night did not by any means serve to thresh out the essential facts. The occupancy by Mr. Page, the founder of the Association, of the police quar ters of the old railway station lockup -is, of course, an absurd business. Still, It Is toler ably plain to those who have read from the 'first chapter to the last of the business that the'gentleman deserves a llttlemore credit and recognition than he has received. From the beginning of things onward until he took the matter In hand there had, lu this city, been r.o means for- the conveylrtg of accident cases or pauper pdtlents to hospital, still less of rendering that all-Important first aid. Broken legs, nrjns, and ribs were bustled Into cabs, and often enough .the unfortunate victims were actually killed In tranBlt, or died through neglect of the assistance which should have been given on the spot. It was Page who changed all that for us, and not the present committee of the Association. That commit tee, Indeed, makes an awful blare just now, and yet does not seem to have a very satis factory caBh basis. Otherwise, how is It that, despite the goodly array of names, and the substantial Government aid received, we find the men employed on the ambulances getting but 18s a week. That seems like the worst sort of sweating. . Admiral Dupont, of the French navy, 'de clares that his sea-dogs are ready and willing to bring many vessels of the Alabama class against the British. As France has been a party to the abolition of privateering, Dupont's boast appears to be that species of bombast colloquially described as "talking through his hat." France would have to' de nounce her solemn treaty obligations ere she could be guilty of sueli treachery as forecast ed la the Admiral's boast. The confession Is, however, useful, If only to show how the French propose to bring their naval armament up to a level with that of Great Britain. It Is not the first time the threat has been made, al though hitherto tts utteraucq has been re stricted to Irresponsible individuals. But pri vateering Is a game that two can piny at, and with Great Britain's vast mercantile marine as a reserve, all the force France could man age to scrape together at sea would be easily overwhelmed. Then there are some who re member France's pitiful appeal to England against Germany's proposed volunteer ma rine during the Franco-German wnr. There seems a sort of John Barleycorn vitality about two of the old Ministries of Australia. The Opposition comes up and knocks them down, as a truculeut contem porary of Melbourne would put It, like Luci fer, never to rise again. The triumphant leader of the Opposition goes up to the Go vernor, all aglow with triumph, and the coun try Is agog with expectation. But the old leaders, It seems, are not dead, or burled either. They are only planted In a fruitful soli of Parliamentary discontent, and In a day or two up they come again, fresher and more vigorous than ever. In Adelaide, how ever, though very much alive, and welcome, as it.woud 3eem, to a quickly repentant Par liament, the ex-Premier does not propose to join the called-babk Ministry. Instead, he will seek to fight his way Into the Upper House, and hopes, presumably, to accomplish there, single-handed, all that he proposed to do with his Ministry, and the popular HouBe at his back. It Is to be feared that he has a harder row 'to hoc there than that even which In so very few hours broke Mr. Solomon's back. His "Worship the Mayor of Sydney an nounces that he has a scheme whereby the contents of the refuse box will not be dumped so uncomfortably close to the average citi zen's nose, nor scattered: promiscuously over the pavement as at present, but, although the plan will save the ratepayers £5000 or £0000 per annum, Sir Matthew Bays he la not going to give It away until after the Mayoral elec tion. This Intimation sounds as if his Wor ship were asking the aldermen to close their eyes, open their mouths, and find what he will send them. In other words, they are to vote for Sir Matthew Harris, otherwise the great secret may be lost for evermore. Frankly, It Is difficult to see why Sir Matthew should hold his proposal back. If he can see his way to save the ratepayers £5000 or £0000 he should lose no time In making a clean breast of his scheme. It Is his plain duty, as an alder man, to do so. Moreover, a disclosure of his plan should servo, If It he a good; workable one, to improve his chance of re-election to the chair. There Is room for the saving of £5000 or £6000, and the sooner the economy Is started the better. This colony has the reputation of a Bunny climate, but the authorities responsible for the comfort of tram passengers appear to la bour under the delusion that the rain It raineth every day, or nearly so. On no other hypothesis can the fact be based that almost all our tram-cars are constructed with the view of shutting out the elements and shut ting In the passengers. Rose Bay cars have been a source of fearful discomfort to thou sands of passengers because of the absence of provision for smokers, or for persons who desire to ride outside;. Yet we are informed that the coirs for the George-street tramway are to be similar to those at Rose; Bay. Let us hope not. Surely the composite cars are not a myth. It would be a piece of crowning folly to cram passengers Into the box-like cars which the Commissioners, with their want of originality, have condemned passen gers to endure to and from Rose Bay. 