GOULBURN WEBLEYAN BYNOD. TIE 37th anuual synod of the Goulburn Wesleyan Methodist Church commenced in the Lecture Hall on Wednesday, at 9.30. At the pastoral session there were presant-the Reve. M' H. Parkinson (ehairman)i J. W. Winespear (Goulburn), W. Weston (Crookwel ), F. W. A. Roberts (Fas), W. Pearson (Gonning, A. Stephen (Quoanboyan), E. C. Thoma (Yodng), K. A. Corner (Mittagong). A dispeosa tion of obsence was granted to Rev. R. H. Laverty on the ground of illness, audijympathy was expressed with him in his affliotion. The hours of session were fixed at 10 a m. to 12.30 a m. and 2p.m. to 6 30 p m. The usual questions concerning ministerial cha raecter wore considered, and satisfactorily answered in each case. No minister or preacher on trial had died since the last conference. No supernumerary requested to be employed again in circuit work. No minister was to be left'without charge. The Rev. E. A. Thomas was recommended to be advanced a year in his probation. No candidates presented themselves for admission into the ministry. No offers were received for the foreign missionary work. It was reported that the Revs. H. H. Parkinson, W. Weston, and F. W. A. Roberts would complete their three years' term at the forthcoming conference and would then require appointments. Peramission was given to all the ministers of the district to attend conference. At the afternoon session the lay representatives took their seats and were cordially welcomed by the chairman. From the report presented by the property secre tary we gather that there are 41 churobes and 41 other preaching places, showing an increase of 1 church and 3 preaching places. There are nine parsonages. The total debt existing on the various buildings is £6406 or £336 less than a year ago. A school hall had been erected at Oowra Creek, Cooma Circuit, at a cost of £60 with an existing debt of £24, and nearly £200 had bean spent on renovations. The attendants upon Divine Service number 5490, an increase of 195. There are 212 netive, 83 associate, and 15 honorary members of the Christian Endeavour, an increase of 116. The Sunday- sohoolreport disclosed that there are 25 schools. The numberof children enrolled is 1676, an increase of 17. The cost for the year of main taining theseschools is £160. The libraries in con neotion with them contain 1786 volumes with 401 readers. In the Bands of Hope there are 478 pledged abstainers. The ballot for the representative to conference resulted in the election of the Rev. W. Weston. The Rev. J. W. Winspear with Meesrs. W. S. Focall and E. Long were elected to the Distribution Com mittee of the BSuetentation Fund. After discussion it was unanimously resolved "That in the opinion of this Synod it is advisable that a connexional fire inasurance society be formed." It was recommended that Crookwell, Yass, Young, and Queanbeyan receive grants from the snestenta tion fond. On the extension of the term of the pastorate to a possible five years it was found that out of eight quarterly meetings five voted in favour and three against. The votingin the trustees' meetings, of which 20 were held, resulted in 53 voting for and 28 against. The vote in the synod was seven for and four against. An invitation was received from the Bowral cir cuit that the synod next year be held at Bowral, which was unanimonely accepted . . The evening session was devoted to the considera tion of the work of God, nearly all present speaking on the subject, when it was resolved " We humbly record oar deep and increasing concern for the bChurch of Christ, of which we as Methodists are part. We are devoutly thankful that many ,igns of life and progress are manifest in every circuit in the district. We are o~nvinced that there are urgent reasons for carefulness that in many of the new habits and methods of church life to-day supreme regard bha paid in every way to the essential impor tanoce of personal devotion to the Lord Jesus Christ and to-the continual desire for the teaching and inspiration of the Holy Ghost. Thus only shall we continue to spread scriptural holiness through the land. For increased fitness for this work we resolve ito labour and to pray." 