COB'S MEASURE. (By the Rev. J: T. Forbes, M.A., E3in- •> burgh.) 'Who hath measuied the waters in the hollow of His hand, and-meted out heaven with, the span, and comprehended the dust -of the/earth in a measure,."and weighed the mountains in scales, ami the hills in a balance?"—Isaiah, 40, 12.. " "Thou feedest them with the bread of tears; and givest them tears to drink in a measure."—Psalm, 80, 5. Man's tears and earth's dust are both measured by God. He puts them both Into "a measure." What impresses men to-day is the vastnessjaf the universe; the earth is little, but the universe is great Men are overawed by the extent in space and the duration in time of the worlds - A man is a speck in the infinities; his life a ripple in the sea of time. And the world is so vast and so much with men that THET CAN -HASDltT SEJLS GOD. What impressed the Hebrew was the greatness of the world's Maker. lie did not abase himself:-before the mountains, but before their Maker. Ocean was vast but-the hollow of God's palm held it; heaven was high,, but the fingers of "God's -hand'spanned it; the mountains He set in scales and the hills in a balance; and the dust the innumerous.dust of earth, He comprehended in a tierce. It was the assurance that this gre-tness was on their side that made Isaiah's message of hope and comfort to his people. This power was for them. God jveighed mountains, and' carried the Jambs in His bopm. He sat Upon the . circle of the earth, and He gave power to the-faint. And the Palmist felt the san:e truth. His whole hope Was in" the God who gave His people tears to drink out of a measure. Their lives were in His keeping: "Turn us again," he prayed, "and cause Thy face to shine, and we shall be- saved." ' THE GRAINS OF DUST AR*_ . MEA- SURED BY GOD and the.tears of man. HJ comprehends them in a measure, distributes them with a measure. The dust is th; foundation and home of precious things and qualities. Ruskin shows how from the slime of the pathway, the brick-dust and soot, and sand and water, things new and strange are formed in the laboratory of nature. Out of the clay—purified, whitened, congealed by fire—is fashioned the finest porclain fit for queens. Or. if it be left in perfect rest, with law, and time for law to work, Its like elements will come by strange secret affinities together, atom to atom; it will clarify and harden; it will set in fair forms, and, absorbing every other element of the sun's light, Will reflect only the blue of heaven. From clay to saphires, from sand to opals, from soot to diamonds—nothing But doth suffer a "land" c.iange Into something new and strange. The fine lava dust becomes the rich valley soil, it passes into the nutriment and sap of grain and vines; it waves in heavy ears that bend before the autumn, wind; it lives in the oak trunk and the grape bunch. The earth hath dust of gold, ind God comprehends it in a measure. He has counted the sea sands and weighed the mountain masses. His eye seeth every precious thing. TEARS ARE PRECIOUS: They are almost as common as dust. The world Is full of weepers. And each life has its share appointed for it It is not a chance thing—the diet of tears. God gives men tears to drink in a measure— meted out considered, appointed. There is an order in the seeming chaos, a method in the passion of *he world. This is what is often not clear. The tears of the world's trouble seem made to fall as the dust whirls at the wind's will, blinding the eyes and hiding the fair face of things from us. The moral appointments of life seem as mysterious, more, than the natural. But close looking often sheds some light on both. It used to be brought up as an objection to the argument to final causes, that the world had in it vast deserts, fields of ice, bot and humid climes. In the Middle Ages men had no admiration for the wild scenery of the hills. Mountains were to them the haunts of gloom. And the forces of nature, that bore often de struction in their track, like eruptions, lightning, and tempests, seemed enemies of man. of Now men are learning a little THE HARMONY AND INTERDEPEN- DENCE OF GOD'S WORLD. Interfere with one mountain range, and you break the steadfastness of the rainfall and destroy human lives. In the old upheavals that lifted up the lava from the bottom of the sea, .or through the fissures In the rocks that stand up here and there near our most fertile com lands, there was destruction; but the fine dust was covering the earth with fertility, and where desolation lay, golden plenty smiles. So there are moral wastes in life to be fertilised by tears. And if by makinj men weep God can teach them to love, He will give tears to drink in a measure.Tou cannot see why there is brine in the cup God sends you from His table. But in that bit of mind-soil given to be tilled for Him— GOD'S TILLED LAND— there are spots that have not yet yielded, thin soil, where the rocks crop out, footpaths where the hurrying thoughts crowd one another away; and out of that field of yours there must come, by sun and shower, by dust and wind, by toil and sweat by dew of tears if need be, a har vest for God. Sadness is not blind, dumb, useless. Men learn in it They grow in it They be : come tender in it. And the eyes that cannot see outer'things clearly through the mist of grief, grow used to the dimness and behold in it the face oft Jesus Christ Who cares for the dust? Blown about the pendent world, trodden under foot, whirling-in unregarded clouds along the highway, crushed by the wheel, torn and harrowed in the field? God, God hath comprehended It all in a measure—made some of it into mountains and some into crystals, built it into the granite or the jewel. WHO NOTES THE MYRIAD OF ' TEARS that drop from human eyes? Men know, and mark a great" sorrow. When 'an -amiable prince dies there is national n grief; when a great leader falls there is foreboding and sorrow; but what of the unknown tears from the thousands of heavy eyes to homfes where illness and loss have been? What of the tears shed in "secret over personal disappointments and failures and sins? What are those that quietly- flow over the troubles and annoyanoes of the day ? What of the weeping of the widow and the orphan? Thou givest them tears to drink in a measure." God apportions human grief,-God notices human grief. With tears GOD WORKS MARVELS. - greater than the transforming of dust into jewels: He-fashions—character by their means. So much grief seems useless to lis. . But lf ^God sends it and measures it, its use is secured. Leaves and blossoms," fruit' and "flowers,' are made from the dust by the divine chemistry, and hope and faith are wrought from our pains and losses that cut deep into the. life. "Patience, wprketh experience, and experience hope, and hope maketh not ashamed, because the love of God isls^^'aliroad in four hearts b'3^ Uife Holy Ghost given unto us." : Every day of your, wandering, every shelter-spot, on the ioad, £veiy.^tep ;when tjie tired fek could Ijarfliy g^'^bpn^i planned" W'jSoQ,; and.fias.its part in..'" 'THE Bm^jbu^PMfcE OF LIFE. ^Lnd i^^kjthe^. j^iEfr^ lac&he; wrought; jnaiioo^bhe fufcess b£.s6ui; whose completion wilii>e marked by the removal ofT all teaJTSr <5qd. sends them. Gipd. serves them, oiit ln -.measure^and at when tfieir work, on .men aMd .women Is done). He wipes, them awfiy. "And God Himself shall wipe all tears from their eyes.' "The earth-hath dust of gold."* Dust is precious. Tears are precious. Christ took our human dust upon Him, and wept our tears. He took dust into union with Spirit with Himself. "God made man of the dust of the earth." "He remembereth that we are dust" And "He was made in all thlngs like unto His brethren." "He took hold on the seed of Abraham." What capacities in dust to be made in union with -GodIHe has comprehended the dust of the earth, the dust -man is made of, in a measure—taken it into the complex personality of the Son: of > God, stamped it with- His immortality and. the seal of-- eternal* life.;» "And - .Heis the Saviour of the body." All science is A LESSON IN TRANSFORMATION OF MATERIAL. From the rock that lies cold, immobile in its mountain bed, to the feather- dust of the insect's wing that glistens in the light of a summer afternoon, nothing is.truly and absolutely stilL All is a current, a flux. From the chemical affinities of the mineral kingdom to the plant selections, from plant to animal, all the world rises, and Christ's work shows the Spirit saving,, ruling, transmuting, using all to the higher ends, of the soul and God's Kingdom. Ascetism condemns and excludes. Christ harmonises and comprehends. From soul through matter to soul, again, the world moves, but to soul triumphant melodious, inclusive, and supreme. "Thou givest them tears to drink in a measure." He "gave them to Oirist to drink. "Jesus wept." "He prayed with strong crying and tears." This was a real incarnation. NOT AN IMPASSIBLE GOD. an. intangible, ineffable Divinity appearing in human form, and retreating in every trouble into the untroubled depths within Him,but One that might betouch-, ed. Goethe, in "Wilhelm .ileister," calls Christianity the "Worship of ^rrow." It is the sanctification of sorrow, the using of it to the end of life, the forcing it to yield its fruit of spiritual result Men press the grapes of pain to drink the wine of life. Jesus trod the wine-press, and trod it alone, thai all mourners might call Him friend for ever more. The Stoic and the Christian fashion of comfort are two very different things. There is a supposed possibility of. finding repose of soul by a keen sense of one's absolute insignificance, and this is the Stoic way: "There's consolation. The universe is' Infinite: In the presence of its celestial magnitudes, who is there who is really great or small, and what is the difference between you and me, my work and yours?" ("Mark Rutherford's Deliverance," p. 192). This is ANNIHILATING LIFE, NOT SAVING IT; it is losing, not comprehending, the single life. Jesus says the infinitude of God is full of an infinite variety; it counts the hair of one's head, it notes the sparrow that falleth to the ground. Peace, repose will not abide with men by their being told that they are nothing and nobodies. Christ's way is different. You.may be lost vile, hopeless,- but yet you are .a lost she^p from God's fold, a lost coin frcm His treasury, a lost son from His home. If man is nothings why make fuss about either his loss or his salvation '"d thinks him worth"- saving,- Christ, thinks him worth saving, -and this makes loss more awful, and salvation more glorious. YOUR WORK. PLEASURE, HOPES, GRIEFS, joys, tears, are known "to God, of interest to God. He is mighty, and despiseth not any. He comprehends the dust of the earth in a measure, and the tears of inan, You" think sometimes that you have more than your share of trouble. Gthere are placid, unmoved, happy. You £wirig from change to change, and never continue in one stay. You seem to have sorrow upon sorrow. But the limit is rigidly fixed. Not one more tear will ever fall from between "your eyelids than God meant. He gives them in a measure. He will not permit you to be overborne, overwhelmed. He will not suffer you to be tempted above that ye are able to bear—as E. B. Browning says in " THE MEASURE." God, the Creator, with a. pulseless hand Of unoriginated power, hath weighed. The dost of earth and tears of men in one Measure and by one weight; So saith His holy Book. Shall we, then; who have issued from the dust And there return, shall we who toil for dust And wrap our winnings in this "dusty life," Say, "No more tears. Lord God! The measure runneth o'er?" O, Hfijder of the Balance, laughest Thou? Nay; Lord! be gentler to our foolishness; For His sake who assumed our dust and turns On Thee pathetic eyes Still moistened with our tears. And . teach us, O our Father, -while we weep, To look In patience on earth and learn Waiting in-that meek gesture, till at last These tearful eyes-be filled With the dry dust o£ death. AFTER EVERY RAINFALL, CLEAR SHINING awaits the Christian; after the night of weeping, the morning of joy. There is hope in tears—hope in the tears let fall for sin. If God has made you weep for your own past and present and looked-for future, He will yet if you regard, put a new song in your mouth. Tears are the dew of hope. When God's bow is in the cloud, there is not one, but myriads, for it is in every raindrop. "Blessed are ye that mourn." "Mercy rejoiceth against judgment." There is for each life mercy, if you will seek it "Clouds and darkness" may be round your earthly, path, as they are around God's throne, but cleave unto ^esus Christ with fiill purpose of heart, and the sunlight will stream forth again above your heads, and .there will come to the landscape of your life a pure and heavenly .?eauty. And "on the earth" of God's husbandry the flowers will appear, and the time of the singing of birds be come." • • While the rapid arid remarkable, development of the British Navy during the past ten years has been much .com men fed upon, the equally rapid and equally remarkable development of foreign navies has been to a great ex tent overlooked by these writers. Between 1S79 and 1SSS Great Britain launched 160,700 tons of battleships between ' 1889 and 1898 no less than" 363,300 tons, thus .more than doubling her output But the six other 1 greatnaval Powers maintained this same ratio, and raised the tonnage .launched from 262,900 tons in the former decennial period to 578,500 tons in the latter period. The British percentage of the total tonnage launched by the seven Powers (including Great Britain) was thirty-eight in the first and thirty- eight and a half in -the second-period. That is to say, it remains virtually the same. Only because others :are building more we have had to build more.— "Nine teenth Century." 