KANOWNA. ; 9 vfitoii Quit Correspondent.) Observation of the methods of roads boards in this colony leads to the con clusion iliat such bodies are of very little use. Speaking of the board for this dis trict, it must be said that very little road- making has been done by them. It is asserted that the cause of tin's Is board's nnfinancial state, and rumor says that even the secretary's salary is con siderably in art-ears. The office is cer tainly a sweet billet, but when the ghost refuses to walk the saccharine nature of the secretaryship gives way to acidity. Just now the question as to what the leases can be rated at more than thpir annual rental is uppermost in the mind of the guiding star of this body. If Warden Finrierty's recent ruling be un- la fal /I lav flan T)nnl1i 1.i«\ J <«»! wL j. 1 v. lituu LUlliUtLif5, toe North-East Coolgardie Roads Board will require a goodly drop from the Treasury bottle, in order to perform the necessary formation and repairing of roads. A Ticklish Question. Some little time ago Mr. "Alphabetical " Reid, the secretary of the roads board warned our city fathers to desist in rakin® in the "'oof" from cart and carriage ' licenses, asserting that such fees should go into the coffers (at present empty, alas 1) of .the body he represents. Town Clerk Tait, it is stated, is quite certain that his council are acting within their rights in obtaining the shekels for these licenses. The affair, which is at present in statu quo, will probably ,be threshed out at the next meeting of the city fathers. Our Clerk of Courts. Great complaints are in the air re the frequent closing of the office used by Mr. West, the clerk of courts. In one case the writer noticed a business man wait at the offical in question for fully half an hour. It must not for one moment be imagined that the clerk does not perform his duties in an A1 style; far from it \XJ linl i ci nnJl.T . 1 ' 1 > » UU.U 10 Oiiuij iioeueu is a j unior cierK in this office, as Mr. West is frequently com- pelled to leave the office on business, "to the inconvenience and annoyance of those requiring summonses and other matters. Surely.it would not break .the Jonforest bank to pay,- say, about a couple of hundred per annum for a good assistant in- this department. Tlie XMCay Fair. The. above 'affair, which occupied the Institute last week, was a distinct success, and Parson Moore and his satellites must be congratulated in netting about four ponies during this stagnated era. The . rnS by the fair sex was a ludicrous affair, and was excelled in this particular by the male washing competition. In the latter our mayor, with the humor charac teristic of his nation, made the affair quite a comedy, and though he was not adjudged the winner, at anyrate he carried' the palm for endeavoring. to convert the hall mco a lake. The local Episcopalians are now in the proud position of having their place of worship free of all monetary encumbrances. The Siocal Scotties." Last Wednesday evening was, indeed, a gala time for the local Caledonians, the occasion being their second annual ball. . The proceedings /from the jump were lively, as the Celtic blood was stirred up . by a lively rendition of a ' march ,-by pipers , M Donald and Kirkcaldy, the former of whom was formerly one of " dear old Vic's " favorite players on this peculiar instrument. During the first portion of the programme, Beech's orchestra played, only Highland music, bub as the repeated syncopathion appeared to puzzle the " nonTSc'otties," the com mon or garden variety of music was after wards poured out. Things were goinw as ' merrily as the proverbial marriage-Sell when suddenly at about "twa " o'clock there was ' ; . ! A Fall m Scenes. It: appears that the cross-stays in con- iieuuiun Winn une stage wings could hot stand the jerky Caledonian crotchets and quavers, and the whole box off tricks fell headlong on the stage. Unfortunately- : j,® were seated there, and one of Strauss' waltzes was cut' short by reason of the fact that the winkered con- ducto was struck heavily in the forehead by one of. the falling.spars. Festivities were, stopped only for a little time, as it was found that . the piano man's frontal bone was almost as hard' as the timber .which fell on it. Another of the liberated stacks struck a lamp, but fortunately this lighting machine proved to be as hard as macadam, and a conflagration was thus averted. . Incompetent. Miners. Perhaps in no place is the inexperienced miner so' plentiful as oh an alluvial field. 1 he writer has . noticed scores of claims taken up by tyros in the mining sense, and, after haying been abandoned by them, experienced miners have taken up the ground and worked it at a good profit. 1 In these, cases it is all fair and above hnorrl nnrl +L/% J: -t "cw ciiuui uiggers are tne losers. In several instances lately your correspondent has noticed men who know nothing about mining calmly taking the regulation "four nun' " weekly for work ing, or rather spoiling, a claim. Here is a case m point From Miller and party's claim, on the Moonlight Lead, the. first crushing only averaged about 6dwt., owing to those in charge not' being able to distinguish mullock, from Wash. A change in the- management was made in due course, and the crushing, though got out quickly, averaged over four times ' as much as the previous parcel. It would therefore, be as well for all claim-holders' to inquire particularly regarding the capabilities qf the miners they, employ. 