ELECTION ROMANCE. \- ; POUTICS VS. "WORK, Is was evening in Tar Plat. The homed moon clomb slowly up the s!jy. As she passed in her flight through, the blue empyrean over that portion of San Francisco, her silver beams illumined the house of Phelim Flannagan, one of the striking fea tures of Tehama-street. Over the gate of the Flannaganmansion there leaned a fairy form-Florence, called "Flossy" Flannagau, solo scion oi her father's house. As she gazed down the street she involuntarily breathed hard. The dwellers on Tehama-street are subject to strong emotions, the street to strong odors. The scene was passing fair. Tn the gutter, in amiable rivalry, struggled two charming children-representa tives of the houses of Muleahy and O'Flaherty. Encouraged by their respective papas, who fondly gazed upon them from the sidewalk, they gouged each other right manfully. A few paces further down the street, like the troubadours of old, might have been seen the "Brannan-street crowd." ."With accordeon and triangle they wooed some chaste and inexpressive she. The strains of " I "Want Yer Ma Honey" rose to the lattice behind which, lay concealed the fair object to whoin was warbled their song. Far down, jiear the grocery at the corner, childish forms tripped gaily on, now an ewer, now a kettle in hand, seeking the foamy beer. From the backroom of the grocery arose merry shouts of laugh tar, as Michael MaginnTs play fully stamped on his wife, who had come to interrupt "his convivial plea sure. All, 'twas a charming scene ? Iflossy IHannagan. drank in its beauty and tlie Tehama-street perfume like rare wiue. ~ ^ " " Suddenly a form was to be seen turning the- corner of the street. Hossy strained her eyes. It was her lover, Terence ~M'fM"nHi<yan As be approached, her affection -welled forth. She opened the gate and passlonatelv hastened to meet him _ " Oh, Terry," she murmured, "I thought you wasn't never cominV' " Aw, cheese it," said Terence, not unlrindlv, " what you givin' me see?" " "Taffy," said the beautiful girl, wiib a brilliant blush; " but oh, Terry, tell me-did you git the nomi nashnn ?' r " Did I git it ? "Well, I guess yes. Baint mynameifcHtTulligan ? Haint the old man an Ainshnnt Hibernian ? HainiX a native Californian ? Don't I run with, the Brannan-street crowd ? TTnrnt X a tough from Tonghville ? See." " Bui will you get elected, Terry ?" "Why, cert. No one stands a ghost of a show with, me in this here elecks'ann. See?" Apparently oblivious of his inquiry as to her comprehension, the fair girl resumed : " Oh, Teny, if you're elected we'll get married, won't we ?' "I. hain't got no "objection," re plied her lover, with that inborn courtesy which characterises the true gentleman, though he be lowly born. " And we'll go to all the picnics, and all the balls there is a goin', von't we?' Terence deliberately rolled a brown paper cigarette, lit it to his satisfac tion, and puffed a while. Then, with, lover-like eagerness, he said : " S'posa so. But you gotter quit mashra'-y'understan' ? " He crooked his right arm, she crooked her left; placing his arm in hers they.walked stiffly yet not un gracefully down the street.. As the lovers strolled on in the mellow moon light envious damsels nudged each other and said : " !Look at ITloss Plannagan and her fellow. He's goin' to be elected fur " Ah, whocan tell what" the morrow may bring forth? As a not undis tinguished journalist of SanIraneiseo remarked, who can prejudge the future in advance ? Ah, who! The morning dawned, and heavy was the fog upon the morn of that eventful day- the great the important day. All day long the battle raged. "Where the fight was hottest there was the red head of Terence M'Mulligan' to be seen, glinting in the sun like the ?white plume of a certain ^French monarch, whose name will readily occur to the reader. . Again the shades of evening fell over Tehama-street Again fair Luna hung like a silver lamp in the Llue vauli above. Again Flossy Tlan uagan gazed down the street, await ing hiin she loved. At last he came. There was a frown npon his brow, and his old-gold locks were not "puffed" with the usual accuracy. As he entered the portal of the Flannagan mansion, he kicked her papa's yellow dog. "Woeful would ' iiavo -been the scene had The FLmnagan been there, but Le pras far away. Overcome with his labors, he was in sound though ster torous slumber upon - the grocery ftaor. Wrapped in dreams and saw dust, he fought the battle o'er again. "Oh, Terry," said the maiden, kneeling at his feet and gazing fondly up at him, *' is it all hunby ? " Nit," he replied, repelling her v-itii a gesture indicative of strong emotion. - Flossy picked herself out of the e.'raor, and holding Zier ex 'juhitely curved nose, whence the f ri-Iit blood streamed redly, mur unsir-il : '? Look out, young feller, or I'll suivj!: yer eTost the jaw 1" Si,,; did but jest. ?Twas onl}' to <i: - - 3!hie her ivGiiltii of love. Ah, v . nuia, womani"is adversity thou art true comforter 1 But we di ^ri-ss. \ Terunce Tratciied herwcodily while I niie staunched the flow. Then in j T i ]r-r iones,.'hG said r - __ i; Go git soma beer.1' Kvt-n at that moment of emotion 5" = -sy d?d not lose her presence of She held out her hand. - *Soe me ; " she said, calmly but ilrmlv. - i ? Terence haTing gazed, trpon her, she issleucd to the grocery with the re jjnhite 10 cents. Under the genial influence of the beer Terence unbent. Fiossy seized the.opportunity : " *' Hain't 70u elected, Tern- ?" " Jut." Ami we can't git married.'1 " Nit." He gazed gloomily upon her. Sink ]j'2 '!^3 Vc'ce a hoarse -whisper, he I .iot to go to work next -week.'.' Fia^magan tell fainting to 