Sermon. Light for Those in Darkness. •Rt Tiate Rev. C. H. Stoeoeok. The people which sat in darkness saw great light; and to them which sat iu the re/rfon and shadow of death light is sprung up. Matthew iv. 16. Hie message is that for those who are in a worse condition than others there is hope and light; for among snch people the Gospel has. reaped very rich fruit. Among barbarous nations Christ has won great trophies. The poor Karens are wonders of grace, the cannibals of the Sonth Sea Islands are miracles of mercy, and among the once enslaved Ethiopians there are warm and loving hearts which rejoice in Jesus' namo. Some of us were brought very low before we found the Saviour; lower we could not well have been; we were emptied lite a dish that a man wipes and turns upside down; we had not even a drop left in us; but we rejoice in Christ to-day, and we say to despairing souls, ** We ore personal witnesses that Christ has 6aved such as you arc. Ho has in our case caused light to shine on those who sat in darkness, andout of dcath'scoldshadeinto life's full light He has brought us as prisoners of hope; and therefore He can do the same with you. Be of good courage, there is hopo for you." What a word was that of our Master whan Ho commanded His disciples to preach the Gospel to every creature, beginning at Jerusalem. They were to commence their labours amongst His murderers, amongst hypocritical Pharisees and proud Herodians. , They were to begin where tho devil reigned most supreme, and to present Christ to | the worst sinners first. Sec yon, then, that great sinners, go far from! being excluded, are just those to whom the good news is to be first published. 3?he true light for a soul in darkness is all In Christ. Hear ye the text; "The people which sat in darkness saw great light." •Now, Christ is not only light, but great light; He reveals great tilings, He manifests great comforts, saves us from great sin and great wrath, and prepares us for great glory. vHe is, howerer, a Saviour that must be seen. ."The people that sat in darkness saw great light. ' Light is of no use unless it be reea. r "Look unto Me, and be ye saved, all ye ends of the earth." We must see the Saviour ,with a glance of faith; then have we light. Let us consider how clearly- Christ Jesus Himself is the light of every believing eye. and delivers the most troubled soul from its misery. In Him is light, and the light is the light of men. Jesus personally is the day dawn, mid the morning without clouds. First there is light in Christ's name for a -troubled sinner. What is it? Jesus. Jesus, a Saviour. I am a sinner lost and ruined, but I rejoice; for Jesus has come to seek-and to save that which was lost. My sins trouble me, but He shall save His people from their sins. Satan annoys me, but He has come to destroy the works of the deviL He is not a nominal but a real Saviour. We know captains and colonels who have no troops, and never saw fighting, but not so the Captain of our salva tion ; He brings many sons unto glory. If a man is called a builder, we expect him to build; if a merchant, we expect him to trade: and as Jesus is a Saviour, He will carry on His sacred business—He will save multitudes.. Why, surely there is comfort able hope here. Do you not see the dawning in the name of Saviour? Surely, if He comes to save, and you need" saving, there is a blessed suitability in you for one another. A prisoner at the bar is glad to meet one who is ;oy profession an advocate; a ship out of its track welcomes a pilot; a traveller lost on the moors is delighted if he meets a guide; and so a sinner should rejoice at the bare mention of a Saviour. There is similar encourage ' meat in tne second name, tinnsr, tor itmeans "anointed." Our Lord Jesus is -not an amateur Saviour, who has come here [without a commission from God; He is not 'an adventurer, setting up on His own account to do a kind of work for which He is not qualified; no, the Spirit of the Lord is upon Hiin, for the Lord hath anointed Him to this work of saving souls. He is Jesus Christ, whom God hath sent. Him hath God the Tather sealed. He spake not of Himself, hut God was with Him and in Him. "Why, beloved friends, now that I am in the light I can seen whole snnful of splendour in that double name Jesus ChriBt, and yet I fear that those who are in darkness may not per ceive it. Whom God anoints to save must surely he both able and willing to save, the guilty. This name is as the morning star; look at it, and know that day is near. It has such joy .in it that misery itself ought to leap with holy mirth at the sound of it. There is light for those who sit in darkness, in our Lord's person and nature. . Hark right well who this Jesus Christ is. He is in the constitution of His person both God and man, Divine and human, equal with God and fellow with man. Do you not see in this fact the love of God, that He should be will ing to take humanity into union with him * self? If God becomes man, He docs not hate men, but has love towards them. Do you not see the suitability of Christ to deal with ;you ? for He is like yourself—a man, touched .with the, feeling of your infirmities; of a ;human mother born, He hunj? at a woman's breast; He suffered hunger and thirst and weariness, and, dead and buried in the tomb, He was partaker in our doom as well as our sorrow. Jesus of Ifcizareth was most tTuly a man; He is bone of your bone and flesh of . your flesh. Oh, sinner, look into the face of the Han of Sorrows and you must trust Him. Since He is also God, you therein see His power to carry on the work of salvation. He touches you with the hand of His humaulty, but be touches the Almighty with the hand of His Deitr. He is man," and feels your needs; He is* God, and is able to supply them. When the Lord Himself, that made the heavens and digged the foundations of the earth, comes to be your Saviour, there remains no difficulty in your being saved. Omnipo tence cannot know a difficulty, aud, ob sinner, to on omnipotent Saviour it is not hard to save evon you. A look of faith will give you perfect pardon. A' touch of the hem of the .Redeemer's garment will heal you at once. Come, then, and trust the incarnate God. Cast yourself into His arms at once. There is light, moreover, in His offices, and indeed a brightness of glory which a little thought will soon perceive. What are His offices? I cannot'stay to mention a tithe of them, but ono of them is that of Mediator. Your soul longs to speak to God and find ac ceptance with Him, but you are afraid to reature into His terrible presence. I wonder not at your fear, for " even our God is a con suming fire." But be of good comfort; the way of access is open, and there is Ouc who will go in unto the King with you, and open His month on your behalf. Jesus has interposed, and filled the great golf which | yawned between tho sinner and his I righteous Judge. His blood Las paved the crimson way; His cross has bridged each stream; His person is the highway for those who would draw near to God. Now, as Christ Jesus is the Mediator between God and man, and you want onej take Him, and you will have light at once. You desire, also, this day a sacrifice, to make atonement for your iniquities; that also you will find in Christ. God must punish sin; every trans gression must'receive its just, recompense of reward; but, lo, Christ has come, and as the scapegoat He has carried sin away; as the sin-offering He has removed transgression. Moreover, to mention one other office, our Lord is an Intercessor. Perhaps one "of your greatest difficulties is that you cannot pray, i'ou say, "I cannot put a dozen words together; if I groan, I fear I do not feel in my heart what I ought to feel." "Well, there is One who can pray for you if you cannot for yourself. Give Him your cause to plead, and do not doubt but that it shall succeed. Once again, if you want light, think of His character as the meek and lowly Saviour. Little children loved ITim; He called them and they willingly came, for He was meek and lowly of heart. Oh sinner, oonld He refuse thee? Do you think He could give you a hard word and send you about your business, if yon were to seek mercy to-day? It could not be; it is not in thenatnre of Him who was both the Son of Go<l and the Son of Han ever to repel a heart that fain wonld cling to Him for refuge and safety. Think for a moment of His life. He was "separate from sinners," we are told, and yet it is else where said of Him, "This Han receiveth sinners, and catoth with them." Friend of Sinners was his name, and is still. - Think of that self-denying life spent among the sick and the sinfnl for their good. And then think of His death, for here the light of grace is focussed; the cross, like a burning-glass, concentrates the light and heat of Christ's love upon the sinner. See Him agonising in the garden for sins that were not TT?b own, see Him scourged with awful flagellations for transgressions in which He had no share; behold Him bleeding and dying on the tree for His enemies—sufferer for iniquities in which He never was a participator, for in Him was no sin. It must be true that God can save me, if Christ has died in the stead of the guilty. This argument has killed my unbelief. I cannot disbelieve, when I see incarnate God suffering for the guilty, the just for the unjust, to bring them to God. The dying thief said, "Lord, remember rae"; so will we turn our eyes to that once crucified Saviour, sitting in the highest heaven, and breathe the prayer, "Lord, remember me." "Sinners! come, the Saviour see— Hands, feet, side, and temples view; See Him bleeding on the tree, See His heart on fire for vou!" I wish it were in my power to convey the light which I see in the cross into yourmental eyeballs, hut I cannot; God the Holy Ghost must do it. Yet, beloved, if over you get light, it will be in Christ. Away from self, away from your own resolutions, away from your own prayers, repentances, and faith; away to Christ on the cross must yon look. All your hope And help is laid on Immanuel's shoulders. You arc nothing. Not a rag nor a thread of your own righteousness will do; Christ's robe of righteous ness most cover you from head to foot. "But you do not mean me P" saith one. I mean you that sit in the darkness, you that are ignorant, you that are depressed, you that have no good thing of your own, you that cannot help yourselves; you lost ones, yon condemned ones, I mean yon. And this is God's message to you: "God 6ent not His Son into the world to condemn tho world, bnt that the world through Him might be saved." " Whom God hath'set forth to be a propitia tion through faith in His blood, to declare His righteousness for the. remission of sins that are past, through the forbearance of God; to declare, I 6ay, at this time His righteousness; that He might be just, and the Justifier of him that belicveth in Jesus." "He that believethon Him is-not condemned." Oh, come, ye guilty; for He is ready to forgive you. Come, ye filthy; tho fountain is ready for your cleansing. Come, ye sorrowful, since joy is prepared; His oxen and failings are killed, for all things are ready; come to the feast of love. Oh, do not reject. it, I beseech you, you guilty ones! you despairing ones, do not turn from it; put not away from you the kingdom, lest you prove yourselves un worthy, and bring upon yourselves wrath unto the uttermost. If ye be willing and obedient, yc shall cat the good of the land. Receive the Lord Jesus as yourSaviour. now. 