' "SENSATIONAL ISLAND NEWS. i Tho stoamor Arohor, trading under the auspices of the Pacific Islands Company, has re turned to Sydney after an extended cruise among the South Sea Islands. Besides the Gilbert, Ellico and Marshall groups, she visited now xiriiuiii, new xreiana ana numerous scattered islands to east of New Ireland. She brings sensational nows from the Marshall Islands. The captain reports that n tidal wave had swept over several of the islands, causing a considerable amount of damage. Tile tidal wave was also felt at tho Gilbert and Eilice groups, New Ireland, and Feed Island. At Nukufatau tho tidal wave was destructive, and at Feed Island it devastated the native settle ments. While the Archer was at Jaluit, in the Marshall Islands, a German trading schooner came into port from the Carolines, and reported that the tidal wave had extended there, causing great loss of life. _ Captain Hitchfiold, of tho German schooner, informed Captain Honry, of the Archer, that ono of the Caroline group had been entirely swept by the wave, and that several hundred lives must have been lost. Captain Hitchfiold was in tlio vicinity at the timo, and succeeded in rescuing some of the natives. The samo wave reached as far as Now Ireland, but did not do much damage there. Several massacres wore ."reported in the Bismarck Archipelago. At New Ireland a trader named Peterson informed Captain Ilonry that ho had sont two of his boats down tlio coast in February last to trade. Thoy had reached the trading grounds and the boats were anchored for tho night. Whilst the crews were asleep, the natives put off from the shore in war canoes, captured tho boats and their freight and massacred all on board. Tho two boats were manned by 11 natives, whoso bodies were taken ashore and eaten. The boats were subsequently destroyed. At New Britain some months ago a little trading ketch called the Sea Ghost started out for the neighboring islands on a trading trip. Arriving, at Nusa, sho was captured by the natives, and the whole of the erow were massacred. One of tho murderers was recently captured at Now Britain, having joined ono of tho trading vessels. He was duly sentenced to death, and was shot a few days before tlio Arolier started for Sydney. The German war ship Moewo had started out from New Britain for Nusa on a punitive expedition in connection with the same massacre. 