A HAUNTED YACHT. A ,SEA onABLE ghost- storyis (says thel Westminster Gazette) to hand from the Clyde in the shape of a narrative published by the Glasgow Weekly Mail, which has a steam-yaoht for its locale. .Chriously enough the name of .the yacht is not given; but this does not detract from the thrilling and uncanny character. of the oc currence as narrated by our veracioue. contemporary. A month ago, we readl the yaoht-'in question was anohored in Rothesay Bay, when one of thtea haids ss.rpwned in that cold,- corie.hbor- known as " the turn o' the night." The seipper and another man joioi?d>IN yaoli.t next day. The hand who- had wrought along with the man had taken another situation. "Juet a night or so after they joined the: vesel they were startled in their" bunks by hearing seven distinct knocks in the forecastle. They looked out, examined the yaoht, and finding nothinig to aicouut for the weird sounds were mystified. The knocking continued; then after a while it stopped, but from the son sational incident, fdr they were the only two persons on board, they sat up..and wondered what the sounds could have been. A night or two afterwards two gentlemen were on board at the hour when the. rapping and rattling amongst the pots commenced, and one of them ehouted over to where .the skip per and engineer were reiting, " Whereo you knocking; captain ?" The yacht "wase ordered, by .its owner to sail to the KI?lee, where it is? usee every day by .:..gentleman.and hie party. The two men are left on board at night. -The other night at 1.2.15 the knooking began, and' to their horror, the lid-ofa pot was flbng at them, abd etricka'the ladder be tween their beds . "In the name of God, what are: you ?" shrieked the daptaiin. " peak, I say t speak 'If you want anything; make a sign ?" That instant the noises eeased. The lid of the pot, it is said, could not have fallen off, as it was on thelpot when seen last. Next morning the sounds commenced 'at"'the self-same hour and lasted te :usual time, till after one o'cldoki- :The nnoises re" sembled a poker being hit on a .grate and thei theosound of bare'feet hur rying along the 'deokoeriienad. There were no traoes of rate on .board. The two men, thinking that the.." spook" ..might be conerned .abou. some be vansang, ,orro ea the yacht.. thrailca ,anidlAraogb, bli ame upon neither money nor adything .,elee. The lap tain is eaid to be a eeaman of proved courage, a life abtainer, a regular churchgoer when at home, and not superstitious, 