Echoes. (Bv "Sound.") ' u And Echo answers where ?" Men with marriagable daughters will learn with satisfaction of a new electrical invention. It is in the form of a parlor. settee which is connected by a wire with the parental bedroom. At 10.15 prompt the father touches a knob in bis room and the seat of the lounge flies up and spills the occupants on the floor. One can imagine a yonth in the act of proposing, when the knob is touched. He is saying, "Oh, dearest, I love yon more than tongue can tell. Will von be mine 7 My own, my very own 1 Will you " Just ther, great Caesar's ghost! up flies the seat of the lounge, and the pair are sent spinning across the floor. How natural it would be for the young lady to say then, " Oh, George, this is so sodden 1". : Discussing the question whether the cheap periodical is superseding the book —which certainly does seem the case— a correspondent in a contemporary thuB savagely writes: " The newest form of magazine appears designed solely for the killing of moods ; it ihnaps its cheap information at you like. a pistol, with a 'Stand and Deliver* iiitonation, which annihilates thought; it is nothing for two pages together; it makes, mocks, and mows like a dancer in a booth, aud it leaves you exhausted without the satis faction of having been entertained. It is produced by those who lack imagination, for the better suppression of imagination in others, and it promises to be fatal to the play of the idea." Dear me, isn't it dreadful. *' Sound " would recommend that the writer take a long sea voyage in the hope of getting rid of some of this rancorous bile with which he is troubled. • * * Woomera " tells this story " The. football club committee-Hsix in number and consisting mainly of the sons of neighboring squatters—had concluded the business of the meeting, and the usual " shilling in " followed. It was well known t^at the barman was apt to make mistakes., so the secretarv—now a leading.! legal luminary—wrote down the< drinks for him. The list was something as fol lows :— 1 Whisky, 2\. G ass of Beer, 3\. Shandygaff, 4\. Wbisky-and-soda, 5\. Schnapps, 6\. Whisky hot. With the modesty peculiar to the Austra lian native the secretary, of conefo put himself last. The barman wafe-T<5ng in coming, but at length arrived with one whisky,'two glasses of beer, three shandy gaffs, four wniskies-and-soda. Ave glasses of schnapps, and six whiskies hot—twenty one drinks in all, which, I may add,* we-e all finished before the committee dis persed." What follows is not on record. One of the six, who has evidently sur vived, sends me the story. » • * That the manner in which some adver tisements are worded and punctuated are responsible for much, goes without say ing. A converted cannibal, whom the missionaries had brought to London for the May meetings, fwasi seen the other day before an Italian warehouseman's shop. His eye had been attracted by this advertisement pasted up in the window : " Respectable girls, about 18, wanted for bottling." From the way he linked liis lips it was evident that the ex- cannibal was half- inclined to " go. in and have some." But for the fact that he bad " sworn off " hnman flesh when her* em braced Christianity be would doubtless have done so. 