(ALL Rinrrs RsERvo ) FROM A 'TEC'S DIARY. A LIVERPOOL MYSTEBY. R How dii it all come about ?" " Vell, it was a curious bit of busiseso, Nat, a rare combinstion of tatulity and providence, that enabled me that night in .January, three years ago, to escapo death by mesos of a cup of tea: but throw some more coal on the fire, anRl I'll just give you the particulars of that most strange and untoward adventure iu my life." Drawing the curlais to obut ot the dreary aspyect of the ceoo without, for it was a murky doll evening iu October, a smell, thin, drizzling rain falling, whilst a grimy yellow kind of almosphere hung over everythiag, I prepared to recouat to my friend, Nat Bouuer, a new member of the forco.the terrible incident Lthat had occurred in my career some three yearn before. It had bero a most inexplcable busineors, a mystery that to the abresdest member of the service seemed onfathub able-there hadl been no gettiog at it. The game had bhrn carried on, drespite an active search instituted by the authorities, with utter impunity. Sercral young men had disappeared.uddrnly fronm their homes and friends as mysteriously as though swallowed up by an earthlquake-noet the slightest clue was left to cxplain away their phabtem-like departurer from the midst of their fellows. Mlatters stood thus when fresh terror was experienced by the inhabitants of the good town of Liverpool by the unaountable dis appearance of a young lady, the daughter of a shipping ageot. Miles Arlingford was well eknown and highly respected, andI his pretty daughter, just about to be married to the cap. tain of a training resasel. asuddenly adding another to the strange and weird disappear suces the utmost consternation prevailed. It was at this juncture that I was soot ilown from Scotland Yard to thie Lancashirs town to sare if I could ferret out theb .mystery. Thus it fell about, Nat, that 1 found myself, one wild, dark January night, well disguisedl and well armed, too, prowling around the purlieus of the great shipping city. My object was to visit some of thes lowebt quarters of the town, that I might gather a little infsrmation as sto what the rough element had to say about this enthralling topic. Fate led me on to a clue to the mystery, the unveil ing of which, however. was nigh costing me my life. I had left a certain pretty little brunette in London. Much against myinclination I bad had this task put upon me, sand, in spits of my usual courage, was astrangely nervous as to thebs result. I had turnedl down a dark, narrow street, led on by a glare of light in its centre,tnrown across the pathway from one of those large lamps that, in form of a barrel, are to be seen outside so many of the public-houses in Liverpool. Shouts of coarse laughter and a wild chorus of voices rang in the air. Cautiously and warily I snw pushed on, presenatly halting before the door of the Jolly. Reefers, for such was the sign of the house, and jolly enough the customers of thle Rieers appeared to be if sone might judge from the soiue, oaths, laughter, and uproar that rice from within. I was debating as to the advisability of enter ing this rude lace of entertainmoent when I wa startled by a loud, gruff voice, at the same time thata heavy hand was laid unceremoniously upon my aboulder. Starting back, I beheld a tall, merose- looking man of colour-a stalwart sailor. wbhilst croucb. inarervously beside him was a fair, blue*d l' es r c rm aroun ;oexlaimaed: " LOeave the gentleman alone, Scipio, and get on home !" Wildly. entreantiongly. the girl strove to draw the man away, but. with evil-looking eyes and a drunken stare, the truculent rollian ejacu lated,with a ierce oath, "Hark 're, Nance; just you owityour helm and sail off, anid leave the laomen oaalong with me. I mean him to splice the mainbrace (drink). If be can't pay, wby, I cauo; that's straight enough, I guis!, strangers So conme along, olh man." With a slap upon my shoulder that fell from no ligiht hsand, the darkey now drew me towards the doer of the inn. Startled and bewildered I involuntarily fol lowed, prepared to humour thel fellow. I was well armed and keenly aliee to the danger I might iusn in such company as I mighbt presently be mired up with, but I ewas on a mission that imnpelled mo to takel up1 the sliglhtst scent. In such nociety as the negro sfilor and the noisy crew within the pub lic-house I might gather some clue that, per chance, woold lead on to a discovery of the mysterious crimes I had been entrusted to elucidate. With a deep-drawn breath, then, and a smile of quiet humour and unconcern, I boldly fol !owad in the footsteps of man Scipio, but even es I was oentering the doors of the honus a hubmbed whisper. a lgasping cry of warning es caped the lips of the young girl who bad stood irresoluite belside me. " Do not go with him ! Do not drinkl" Then, as my conductor,discovering she was still at hand, made a eavage blow at her, with a stilled scream and pallid face she turned and darted from the spot. " Guess I'll spoil her beauty afore I've done with her," muttered the rutfian, as I now in quiringly followed him into the house. Indignant at his brutal behaviour, and struck with theo beauty of the helpless girl ; wonder itg, too, how on earth such a timid creature had become his associete, I made up my mind to unravel tLLe myrtery. and the follow Scipios con duct, too, biefore I had done with him. WYith all my senses about me, sod on the qui vive for any emergency, I now called for two brandies anil cigars, muck chagrined, how. esor, ae remombcrisg that I Dad nsoilver, and almost regretting having so readily ccam. panieil my doubtful companion. MHa ! You land cores make the quids a sight eoaier Lban us poor devils," ejaculated the suilor as I boutily gathered up the change of my sovereign, more than one pair of eyes greedily wattcino me. It was a wild, matlty, set of gaol-birds I was now mixed up with, and I saw at sglance that I iea in the house of a crimp! "Bena long on the salt water, Darkey ?" 1 exclaimed as I cooly ligbted ny cigar, and haonded the match to my quondam compnnion. " tai and boy over thirty years, mate i sas born on it, and lpect I'il die on it, or in it i" Uoleso you got scragged ashore. Snip! ejaculaled a oaa-eyed, book-nosed, eilliin. oue-lookiiig fellow, who chimed in 0t the momoat, giviag a sliglt wink at the mao of colour and a jerk of the thumb at myself, which I mao quick enough to catch sight of. " Pieuiceoyage this'ere way ain't it, mate ? Goess you're a London cave. I can tell 'em at sight; boom the craft scll; I've shipped from St. Katherinos' and London, koow ecery crib in the Mighiray. Ledged at the Home last time when I was paid oit. Blutnummatlwas missed. The boss of the Rome hinted I kneb snmmal about it, so I gave him one between the day lighto an boored him, nd theb made traks. But you gets on precious slow with yoor physic; liquor up the lotion, old man. I pays this go, you bnow." Gulping domn thn remainder of his own brandy, the fellew ordered a fresh brew, whilst I, unscee, poured the coatesnt of my glass upen Ie lloor. Had I not bhes a.s itent on this mansoerelshould have detected a trick played upoa me by the ruflian that in the de. nouement nighcst ma my life. " Gnes it's as cold as the Arctic here to night. matey, but this stuff stowed in the hold will keep our crafts in order. Why the deuce don't you drink ? " ou I cannot stand it as you sailor chaps man age to," I exclarimed, taking a small portiou of the hot liquor. much against my will, but I did not wish to exc.te the Ifollow's ouspiciono. I huad nr, sooneer. however. swallowed the iery potion than a shiver of slarm passed through me! l in vein fought against a suides faint Ic-ling, then the oar uand its occupants seemed to swim round ard round; a haze, a semi daknm ss falliung uocerythrng.there was a hum mig noise in my ears. Then tollawed total darkness. Upon returniog to conscionuoess the wholo scene was changed,and I lay for a fe nmoments as ne in a trance, I was, I foond, extended at lull length upon a couch, a bright light shotn- io my hall-clorel eyes, whilst the low hum of voicesi sounded tai sy -ors. Sti as the deaLh that I rI:t .oieth he ho, r ing near me I now lay, waitict Lue complete return of n.y ball-duzre ,nses. That I had been drugused I rwas asure-, urnn to the small portion of the liounr I ho: swallowed I alone owed ry quick roturrn to coneeeosuness. Coolly, calmly as I began us recover from the drugged brandy. S -crolved my position one of utmostperil. rompt action and daring alone could saver: e. With bated breath and half-closed eyes. I glancod around me, Lying partly,as doubtless I had been thrown, upon my side, I was en abled to gather in the scene before me. At a table, beside a blazing ses-coal fire. sat two men. One, with an inward anathema, I recogoised as the coloured seaman ; the other was an old maui whose face and general bear ing were not in accordance wilh the scene and society of the place. An elraent converse, of which I drank in everry word, was brnug carried on bLetween the two. " It ain't no use, Atkins ! You don't run from the ship now, not if I know it ! I have been aware of your cussed cowardice and fears for months past, hut you don't get out of my hauds, old man i Foul or fair wratbor I mean to make you stick to the craft ! Your baby faced daughter Nance, too, if she dou't agree to he switched to me-and she might have a worse mate-One-eyed Bob Bootle for instanece-I'll hang you first. and play suchr a game with her that she'll rue the day she refused me; and now,. you understand, she gcoes aboard the Witch to-night with that other bit of pink-and white i WVe sail with the ebb That core there,. the clever London 'toc-whom I krew when 1 first sighted hilm prowlirng outside-goes with us, and when we get well out, why, a bit of iron ballast to his feet, and a drop over the side, will ensure him a bathand a bedtool I So much for him 1" SA coarse, low laugh here escaped from the n callous ruffia, who, to my joy and intense re lief. now rose and quitted the room, evidently Sunder the impression that his horrible dirug would keep msenaaeless forsuch time as his fell Spurpose required. Softly pressing my left hand agalast my :breast, I discovered to my delight that my trusty reveleer had not been removed. Time for immediate action. Ltheo, had now arrived. Collecting all my energie., and brac ing ulp my nerves for a dread encounter, I now slid off the couch. and in a second of time was staindLing, revolver in band, over the oowering figure of the old man, who, staring upon me me as though I were a ghost from the grave. mumbled a few unislelligible werds and sank kneeling at my feet; abou to stalrt to the door I a deadly faintess again :sized nlnMoo \- . r1-.rd ..t,.-. gaem time be fere now oppressing me. Leaning upon the table, a large cup of dark steaming liquid met my dazed syes Faint, sick unto death, my throat in a lamre, my mouth as a furnace, I trnembliogly anrd involuntarily seized upes the cup; in that dread moment Ide tected the rich, fragrant aroma of strong tea. It needed not the arrayupon the table tol in form me the avening meal of the old man was just concluded With a gasp I placed the cup to my lips, unsweetened-the pure tea alone, strong by having stood in the urn besidse it. Never in my life hid I qunffed so precious a draught i In a few seeonds my head was clear, my senses fully restored. :taring and numb'ing sentences of terror and surprise, the old man heeded me not, and, cock ing the revolver for immediate use, I made for the door. A low, guttural laugh now fell upon my ears. There, standing within the entlrance of the chamber, the door thrown back upon the hinges, stood the murderous darkey whilst behind him upon a level with his shoulders I noted the evil countenance of the fellow with the one eye I Ia a second of time I took in the position of afairs and unhesitatingly tirhed two shots in rapid succession, and then, darting forward, I nearly stumbled over the body of the sailor. who, at my first fire, had fallen deubled oup all of a heap, a cry of pain and fury escaping the lips of the ether ruffian who had turned and led. Dashiong wildly through the doorway, egreas now free to me, I rushed madly along a dark passage, gained a second chamber, which was unoccupied, and ins a moment after was iot nco the street from a side doer. Staring wildly round, I was amazed at beholding a posse of police that had surrounded the house. Cliaging to the arm of an ofilcer leading this force, I discovered the shrinking figure of the poor girl who had warned me ofl dangeremr I had entered the in. All was then exsplained, and it appeared that, riskrag all danger that might fall upen her wretched parent from the hands of the man Ssipio and his fell companions. the brahe girl had made th, prlice the nearest station acqrainted with my perilous position. Upoe searching the house the sillaio Scipie was discocrced doubled up in the dsurawy nf a bake room as I had left him, rtona dead, withn bullet-hole in his farehead. The wretched accomplice of the dead man, the parent of the unhappy girl, was exteoded lifeless by the table, the firelight fliekecring fitfully and weirdly upon the wexen, rigid features! Terror and wild horror hod ceasod his death. The man Bob Bsotle, captain of abarque called the Witch, was duly captured, being ecentoully truosported for life. Upsn the reseel being searched, the posr girl Amy Aregford, who had so strangely uis appeared, was discovared ioprisound in the cabin. No trace was ever gained of the othV uanfer tcnates, hut, as no more of thene mystic abdue tinos took place, there was, alas ! no doubt as to their fate, and that to the villain Scipio and his cenfedecates all the strange disappearanou bad bteen due. The discouery I had made had saved the pnor girl Nanny Atkins and lias Arlinglord from a fits far worse than death. For myself, it was many weeks before I re ncored from the effects of that dreadful adven tore at the Jolly Reefers, where I had been eared by a cup of tea and had unravelled a Liverpool Mystery. s What did Noah lice on when the flood had 1ubsided and his provisioos in the ark were e haunted ?" asked a Snuday schosl teacher of her olsss on Sunday. " I know," squeaked a little girl after ael the others had given it up. s WIel, what I" inquired the teacher. " Dry land," said the child wisely, and the answer psree 