MARLEY HOUSE. " Don't take that kouso, sir, if tkat's what you're a-tkinking of 1 " I had just eome out of the dilapidated gate of the said house, with the latch key, lent me by tho agent, in my hand. Tho speaker was an old man— a gardener, I'm snrc, for lie was so boat and limped. All gardeners limp— thoy always manage te chop them selves with a spade, or get a prod with a fork or do something that engoudors a limp— it's their stock-in-trade. " Good morning, friend," said I, pausing, " That is axoctly what I am thinking of do ing, you see it is a uice, roomy old house, with a garden, only it all wants repair, on which account tho rout is absurdly cheap. Why, then shouldn't I take the house? " " Because it's haunted, sir," said the old gardener, drily— " that's why." I laughed. I did not, believe in all that sort of "rubbish,'' as I termed it; at any rule I thought I didn't, and would not for tbo world hnvo admitted that I Imd nerves that might bo shaken, or that, like most other folks, I was liable to what I then scornfully called superstitions, ignorant fours. So I laughed and shrugged iny shoulders. " Haun ted, forsooth ! Oh, I don't believe in all that nonsense, you see." "H'm. Well, sir, I duresay you've a heap more larnin" nor me, but for all that," said the old man, composedly confident, . " you'll find it ain't no nonsonsc. Nobody can't stop in it — nor won't you, sir, for all your big talk. In course the agent wouldn't say a word agiu it— why is it so choap?" " The reason is plain," said I, " tlio lionso is in sucli a state of disrepair; but my workmen—" " Fording me, sir, but no workman's been able to get more'n a day's work done. Tho next morning it's ail undone, and sorno more part of the fabric come down with it." " What utter rubbish!" I exclaimed, in alt the indigaant pride of offended reason; " ono can see at once that tricka liavo been played,. By Jovo, I'll set men to work and keep watch myself ! " " Tricks! Lord, Bir, there isn't a creature about oil Marley as would go near this lionse at night! Flay tricks, indeed ! The place is accursed like." "Bah! what is the story?" T asked, scoffiogiy ; " a curse on' it, you say ? " " Yes, sir, why not ? The story hero is thut in tho last century its owner was a frightful blasphemer and reprobate— worse far than most, and carried on his wickedest deeds in that house. At last lie fell iu a duol uigii mortal wounded, and in a great fear, of ' death. So he sent for the prioat what he'd acoffcd at before, and took a solemn oath that if he recovered he'd reform, pull down ' j that houso of his ioiquities, and build, a church thoio as a ex- pi-ation (is that right. | sir ?) of his sins. But when lie recovered— us ho did, like a miracle almost — he brake his oath. He didn't and wouldn't pull down his house, swore it should never ennui down, and went on ae bod as over. The good priest woDt to him ono night, they say, and never come back, tliongh no one coulil exactly prove that Sir Richard Marley murdered him, and so he got off. They ea-d the priest laid tho curse of God on the houso and its master, and curtain Bare Sir Riobarflwas killed in the midst of . a wild orgie by a part of tho roof lolling on him. You can try your luek, sir, and watch twenty timca, but you'll find it's true, reason oreoo-rsnoos. Don't take that house, I say." I thanked Uimfor bis advice and story, re solved, ef coarse, to go my own way. Such robbish, forsooth, to frighten an intelligent, reasoning man of the worid, past thirty ! But Btill, thought I, though it's absurd about the repairs failing, I may as well only tako conditionally on my oumpleting tho needful renovation of Martoy House. A vague, disagreeable sensation went through me when tho ngeot readily conscutod to this proviso, but I shook off the fooling, and gave my orders to a London builder. I wont myself down to Marley the day after the materials for scaffolding, &c;,, and men with a foreman had departed. Tho first day's work was to erect, scaffold ing in the front up to the second storey (the hoose had only two), at least so far ns thoy coald in tho first day, and they got ou well — good, Bound work. No sort of jerry work, I knew, witb Messrs. . Theuext morning, whnu f went orerfrom the village, Z found the foreman mnch vexed, and I learnt, with another disagreeable thrill, that- in tlio night a heavy piece of coping- stone from an upper window hod fallen down and damaged part of the scaffolding; tlio men were now repairing this before they could proceed. The coping lay before my eyes, and I could see tlio place whence it had I wont away angry and npset. If. anyone woro doing this— by Jove, I would seon find out, and turn the tabled. Next morning I found, with secret conster nation, that another dislodgment und dam- ago had taken place. Tho foreman said lie .feared the house wus in a worse state tliuu their surveyor had thought. " We can't get on a bit, at this rate, sir," lie said. " 1 think," I answered, " tliat someone in the village is playing a trick, bnt they e hall pay for it- We'll see what to-morrow brings anyhow" I said nothing of uiy intentions to anybody, lest tho unknown oneuy should attompt to play mo a trick also. I merely told my ionkeoper that I should not bo baok till tbo next day, and after a lato dinner or early Buppec, which you please, I provided myself with biscuits aud a pocket Husk of mixed brandy, and departed for my watch. It was ten o'clock when I lot myself into Moriey Houso, uud tbe first thing I did was to search every room and nook, by aid of tbe brilliant moonlight that shone in through the windows and a small Luitorn I had brought. There was not a liviog thing about save myself; even rats and mice had deserted the house long ago. Finally. I came back to tlie big dining room in frout, and sat down in a window seat to keep my sentinol- like watch. It waa dreary work, I am free to confess, and. despite my philosophy and sceptical wisdom, I could nut shako off a disagreeable recalling of oil tbe old gardener had said, with the quiet weight of his own eimplo, absolato belief in tlie story. I got to start pt every orach or creak cf tho old woodwork, and tried not to laugh at my own nervous folly — not alond, remember— somehow I did not particularly desire to hear the hollow echo of my own laugh or voice. Twelve o'clock by my watoli. I was almost 'painfully aloeplesa now, with an increasing internal excitement, that Strang my nerves up each minute to a yet greater tension. Half-past twelve— ons o'olock ; I bear it across tho still country from the distant elock of Marley Church. " I'm a fool to stay oo," I mattered, angry with myself for tho horrid creepy feeling that would persistontiy uome over mo. " There is nothing at all ; triok or— or anything elss;' bits of old coping foil— that's all— loosoned by— hark ! what is thut!" I stopped with a sadden paralysing sen sation of horror, that frozo my blood aud mado my flesh creep, Tho muffled, stealthy tread, it seemed, of hundreds of feet coming on— on, every moment. Wus I dreaming at going mad? Did I only fanoy that I saw that intangible dark crowd of a past century, with set, ghastly faces, pressing onwards as I — gazed— swarming up the ludder, tbe scaffoid- polea, in at tho window, np to the roof, striking with hatchets ut wood and stone and briok as tljoy went? Was itr — Great Heavens! that was not fanoy— that sndden crash of falling timber and roar of tumbling walls .without, within, above, aronnd ! With oho awful cry that broke tho Bpeli, I rashod forth into tho open blindly, through the clouds . of dost and deafening roar; as the whele building fell in, a moss of rains, be hind me. I could never have told how I got back to the inn; and the landlord, who lot me in, told mc afterwards that I " looked nwfal — as if you had seen a ghost, sir !" For weeks my norvouB system felt shat tered, but at the lima the only creature I told of my horriblo night's experience was tho old gardener. "Ah, sir," ho said, "it's what I ex pected, as It el led ye. Nobody craaldn't build up tbat place, as was cursed by a broken oath and the murder of a boly priest, I kuew what it vrss directly I went along there about five that morning, and see tho old den of iniquity a mass of ruins." "You saw it first?" I oxclaimod. " Oh, yes, sir. 1 went each' morning after you set the men to work, and I saw tho damage first each time. There'll have to be a church, or maybe vilkigo hospital, built there, if the bit of land is ever to bo built on at all." " A good work would be an expiation," I answered with grave reverence. I am a scoffer no more !" The End. 