Short Story, A Case of Conscience. There were perhaps :l score of people In (lie drawing-room of Weslholwe The assemblage included, anions others, young Hudson, of I he Guards, for ■whom I had conceived a vast, partiality ; Wallace Dewitt, known to me years ago, when lie was consul at .lalTa ; Mr. t'att liait, the owner of the demesne adjoin ing my cousin Tom's ; and Mr. Canaan s winsome daughter, Dorothy. Miss t'antutn sal at the piano, while Tom. under pretext, of turning over her music, stood close beside her, all plea santry and courtesy. Tom- tall and well-built—showed at bis best that evening—I noted it with pall in my heart ; and his jovial face was abeam with smiles. his diligent attendance on Dorothy Caniinii liM<l l>o<*n mmv pit^ iu»u!R’«mI of ‘late, UmhImiij colour lo !.Uc rumour llten current to the effect ttiat be and she were lo make a match of it. From my seal in the embrasure of the window, with bitterness and envy rattk Ijng in my breast, I watched them. Strive as I might-and I detested myself for harbouring the abject fancy—I could not help thinking of the consequences their union would entail upon me and my expectations. "His life only is between me and eight thousand a year,” 1 soliloquised fret fully. "If he marries—faugh ! there's an end of my prospects. Not only that, his marriage will rob me of her whom I love as my life—more than my honour, hose Dorothy 1 1 cannot bear to think of it." My nerves were strained lo their ut most tension that niplit. I felt, uii woutedly irritable and revengeful as 1 pictured the misery which the near future had in store for me. And while 1 brooded thus darkly, 1 seemed to hear a voice—the Fvii tine’s, surely—ever and anon whisper encourag ingly into my ear. •' Only his life—only his life !” Thankful enough was I when Lieu tenant. Hudson and Mr. Lowin, crossing tin* door, broke in upon my churlish “ Wbal, moping alone ?" cried tlie lien teuant, cheerily. " This will never do ! Cheer up, old chap. You seem out of sorts to-day.” “ Yes.” said I. wilting my brow. “ My In ad feels bad—it's the hot room, I think.” Well, come out with us into the library." young Hudson weld: on. “Stay, though Dewitt has just told me that vou possess a museum of your own that, is, a collection of bric-a-brac, silver ornaments and pew-paws that you brought with you from the Must. Wlmt do you say to displaying them to us both ? I should greatly relish seeing them.” 1 'pstairs wo wont to my dressing room—^which adjoined my bedroom — where stood the oblong marqiieterie Uililn on wlii.-li l liii.nft i.'I' K were mused. They' consisted ol various silver knick knacks of Indian lilagroo-work which I had picked up in Itombay a year before, with other bizarre samples of Oriental workmanship which had chanced (o lake my fancy. " Very interesting," said young Rad son, stifling a, yawn, in the midst of my panegyrics. “ Shall we go downstairs again '■> I hear Tom singing.” " Hair-a- moment.” I interposed. “You haven't examined this yet.” So saying. I picked tip what I vainly imagined to be tlie gem of nty odd col lection—an elaborately carved ivory sheatli. in which reposed a no less artis tic Malay Uriss. Tlie steel of the razor-edged weapon was fantastically inlaid with silver, and it possessed some sort, of historic, value in having once been owned by Iho noto rious daeoit, Dal Mangas. Tbo sheath 1 handed to the lietiienanl, while Dewitt stretched out his hand for tlie keen; ettrvod blade. “ very pretty, indeed,” commented Rad.son". “ Worth something, that, I ippose V” Meanwhile, Dewitt ran his linger along ie edge of the kris.s, a subtle smile upon s face. Then, as If seized with a sudden louglit. he struck a tragic attitude, rting the knife high above his head. “ Ha, ha !” he cried, aping tlie ortho ix transpontine villain. “ It’s his life mine ! Shall I strike V Hu, ha !” Radson laughed hugely at tlie cx insul's ludicrous posture, a laugh In hiclt Dcwiu himself presently joined. Then the kriss was once more placed iifgly in its slieatli, and we returned the drawing-room. By this time my cousin had dragged ntself from Dorothy’s side, being now ■nted in close converse with iter father, henceforward, lo my mind, try as I ight io win her attention, she appeared oefully reticent. Several times I caught her eyes roam g in Tom’s direction, and tlie soul of e, waxed wroth at the Inference I could jt avoid drawing. And at one time X mught she cared for me—thought she Vow I cared for her. At that moment the voice smote my irs again with Its Insinuating home Only his life—only his life !" fhen the hour arrived for Mr. Gannan 1 his daughter to start for home, I orted Dorothy to the carriage, Tom owing at some little distance behind h Iter father. The pressure of her t palm still lingered in my hand when ■ent tip to nty room for the night, ince again, like muttered thunder in ears, there rose the reiterated Only his life—his life !” IT. After a wild tossing about on my bed. harassed and feverish, at length I dozed off. Was it n dream I dreamed then—a horrible, torturing nightmare ? With nil the strength that, is In me, I pray that such a dream may never again fall to my lot. In tlie dead of night. T thought, that. Bn invisible, irresistible energy clutched hold of me, impelling me. helpless against its mandates, to deeds full of darkness, ingratitude, and treachery. In obedience to its behests. T dreamed that I rose from my bed. stoic furtively into my dressing-room, and there took the ugly kriss'from its scabbard : I dis tinctly recollect that I chuckled softly —oh. the horror of it !—as I savr the glint of the steel in the moonlight. Then, I knew not how. I found myself gliding cautiously into my cousin’s room, across the thick carpet to the side of his bed. A swift, strong blow, deep into his heart, audit was done : A err—hoarse and appalling-broke ttw atfHness of the n'gbt and this It was, 1 stmw. that wfcwn imu I aat up in bod shuddering. Merciful powers ! it was no dream ! The long drawn wail of mortal agony still rang upon tile air. It came from tlie adjoin ing room—that of my cousin Tom. A cold sweat pouring out all over me, I blindly crept into my dressing-room and struck a light. Yes, it was no dream. The deadly kriss. lying bare and bloodstained on the little table eon As I snatched it up again, to gaze aghast at its gory edge, the mullled groan once more struck upon my ears. Still retaining the weapon in my grasp, 1 darted out into the corridor. I saw the flicker of half-a-dozen candles, as, roused by the outcries, the inmates of the house hurried, panic stricken. to the spot. With the ap pearance of the lights,. Tom raised him self upon his elbow, slreielied his arm towards me as if in denunciation, and then fell hack—dead ! I have ti dim vision of paled, awed faces around me. looking til me lialf coinpassioiutlel.v, Italf-lotilliingly : I saw thi' fearful gash in Tom's breast, from which the blood still trickled ; above all. IHco a hc:u* in m.V memory, I reenll the reu-ttnged lrrlss around which my fingers lightened convulsively. When the police came I gazed at them blankly, unable to realise the import of their tpieries. T replied to litem, at hazard, incoherently— “ Ilis life !” I murmured, disjoinledly. “I was in a dream. Somnambulism! I don’t underslatul. A crime—who says it was a crime The police inspector shook his head pUyingly, and turned to speak to young “ Yes, yes,” said the lieutenant, with evident reluctance. “ It sounds like a confession. He'd go (piictly. I’ve no doubt. I'll accompany you. too.” So they led me, dazed and impassive, away. In a vague kind of fashion I knew that I was being taken to prison, and I managed somewhat to rally my seailered faculties. There was no use in concealing (lie unconscious part I had played in litis grim tragedy, and I unburdened my mind frankly. " It's a terrible business,” said Tiadson, when I bad finished. “No. I don't Ida me you exactly. In that hair-sleeping, half waking state, you were hardly respon sible for your notions. But it’s a terrible —terrible business !" lie need not. have told me that, for when I was left alone the vivid recog nition of my guilt was more titan I could bear. The many instances In which I was indebted to my cousin came to up braid me \Viilt the baseness of my in gratitude in ever eotinlenaueiiig an ill wish towards him. And in what, way would his deallt benefit mo now ? I could never be ricli witli his wealth, nor possessed of his hinds ; Dorothy, too, would execrate my name, and hold my memory in deserved nhhorenco. Nothing remained for me but: the ghastly fttree of trial and conviction : beyond loomed the gaunt, forbidding gallows. III. A mnn loft iilnun witli such thoughts ns mine tastes nil earnest of death. The leaden hours passed slowly by. and al though I could not. lmve been inside the Knot over live hours, it seemed as^many returned. “ I'liew !” he said, eyeing me intently. “You seem the ghost of yourself. \ on ought not to give way like this." “Ought, not, V" 1 echoed, bitterly. “Ho you expect me to laugh and dance under “ Come, come ! it's not so bad as all that." he added quickly. “ I've a ques tion or two to aslc you. In the tirst place, why did you pilch me that, (ale about a gruesome dream “ Whitt do you mean ?" I cried ex citedly. “ Why this-fhnt you no more killed your cousin than 1 did 1“ "What! Is Tom not dead '!" " Unfortunately, yes. Util you had no hand itt causing his death. The real murderer hits been found—wandering half-dad, and raving mad, upon the “ The real murderer 1" I repeated vacantly. “ Have no fear ; lie is in safe keeping now. He must have let himself out of the house immediately after the deed wits done, still retaining. In spite of his undoubted insanity, a lurking notion of the necessity of flight. Of course, as soon as we missed him. the liue-aud-ery was raised, with the result that he was discovered on the moor, its 1 have said, chattering to himself and chuckling over his atrocity. He particularly gloats over his frenzied cunning in having secretly inched the Malay kriss from your room, and in replacing it. wit limit disturbing you, after he had put it to the vile pur poses conceived by ids crazed brain. Certainly, the poor fellow is not ac countable Cor bis actions, yet his people are greatly to blame-” " But,” I interposed hastily, f you have not told me who tills madman is.” ‘‘Why, it’s the man you knew away in Jaffa—Wallace Lewin. I-Iis friends were at once communicated with, and a brother of his reached Westliolmc an hour ago. From him 1 learned that Lcwln has of late been somewhat erratic In his behaviour, the outcome, no doubt, of the sunstroke he sustained a few months back in the Levant. Ever since then he has been subject to periodic fits of melancholia, but nothing serious was thought of them ; certainly, nobody imagined that they would culminate, as they have done, in a seizure of homi cidal mania. Wbat impelled him to vent his delirious spleen upon your cousin, rather than upon any one else, I can't understand, unless, indeed, it was for the reason I have already. mentioned— the apparent, ease with which the mur der could be fathered upon you. That, too, seems to be Mr. Cannan’s theory.” •• Ah ! Has Mr. Cannan been to the Towers V” “ He came directly he heard of Tom’s death. By the way, we were all at fault with regard to Tom and Mr. Can nan’s daughter. I had a long talk with the old man, and, from what he said, I conjecture that Tom was endeavouring to smooth the path for you. Aware that her father would probably discounte nance any engagement between you and his child, because of your unsatisfac tory position financially, Tom—the mag nanimous fellow—even hinted at settling a substantial annuity upon you, on con dition that Mr. Cannan withdrew all obstacles. That expedient will now no longer be needed ; equally, of course, Miss Cannan knew nothing of these pending negotiations.” ” And she ?” I murmured. “ Have you seen or heard anything of her ?” “ Only that she is in a state of anxiety and indignation on account of your arrest, nigh bordering on distraction. Her father has gone to see about get ting you out of this infernal hole, and if I might advise you, I would suggest that you drive straight to'his house, and set her at rest. Hark,” added he, as foot steps drew near the cell door, “ here comes Mr. Ooua to (tnr yw «C."— I'JTMUr tea '' 