THE JURIST. INTERESTING} DECISIONS* Dv I,F.r DEFERRED GIFTS. It is generally supposed that when yo® sit down to make a will you can that your bounty shall not be received W, j the donees until they attain what you «»• . sider to be years of discretion, so that they, may not have the opportunity of readuy dissipating the provision in those ean£ times— "Wiiea YouUi and Pleasure meet, To cliase the glowing hours with dying feet. And so you set out your will that the money which you give is not to be payable until the recipient readies his or her 25Ui or 26th year. Now, is such a restriction valid? It may or may not be. Of course, if you try to postpone the date of the handing over of the gift beyond the period of a life or lives in being plus 21 J'O'U'Sj the rule against the creation of perpetuities makes the bequest void. But supposc no question of that kind occurs, and jou simply want your own children not to get then- shares of your estate until they attain a stated age beyond 21, what pitfalls« 1live -you to guard against ? Let us assume that, your will is holographic, or that it■ « PJ®* pared liv someone not skilled in the wjor,' You want your widow or husband to navo the enjoyment of the income for life, and vour children to get the principal or cor pus of your property in equal Bhnrcs wlren they attain 25 years. ^ our will wins this, nnd soys no more. The result will be that on the tenant for life of the income djang' s if the children have not then reached the prescribed age, they will be c"t.lt]*dr^nP!; ceive their shares as soon as they resjieq- , tively become legally of age; that is. nttam 21\. The reason is this. Tour will lias not provided for the disposal of the uwome of the property between the death of the tenant for life and the dale when the youngest of the children will reae» -"J The language used has vested the sbai dB in the children—that is to say, their i ight to participate is not made contingent upon the chance of their attaining the age 'ncu tioned, and ns the shares belong to the children, the intermediate income «™ng whilst they are between 21 and J) «uist belong to tlieni also. And if the income is theirs, so is the principal or corpus. Hence, on attaining 2), they are entitled to be paid in full, and need not wait until they are 25 years old. Hie way to have avoided this consequence would have been to have made some express put ot tne in come arising on the respective shares be tween the attainment by the bcncficiaviea of the ages of 21 and 25. 'i hen thc hiuita tion of the right to receive would have been binding, nnd your wish would have been carried out. The defeat of the in tention of the testator, it will be «w«i, W due entirely to the overlooking of the chance of the widow dying before the chil dren arrive at the age of 25. In short, to draw an effective will, you must carefully, work out nnd provide for nll ciiiilniKcU'hus and, if you do not, your will is bound to he a failure to the extent of youi o\cr ight. (Laugher v. Bruce.) KSTOl'Plil, IN nlVORCK. Aii estoppel is a legal fiction, which arises like a ghost from the tomb of the past. There is no getting away from it if once its relentless arms are flung around you. And in divorce it rules with relent less tenacity. You bring a suit charging, let us sav, n matrimonial oflenec against Your partner. There is no doubt, of fact, of the committal of the otlence, but vou fail to prove it to < lie witistaetion of the Court. The available evidence on vour behalf may he contradicted b> the respondent, or doubt may be throun on the certainty of the charge, or the resi.on denl mnv perjure himself or herself in order to detent you. mid the wultm «hat vour petition is dismissed. Aftcrunids vou find vourself m a situation to ptm c tlie perjury conclusively, or to slmw that the offence charged was umlon.iloilly rom mi tied. But you cannot start, a fijsb suit, for the purpose of now proving what you previously failed to show. ) on nro "estopped" bv the judgment, on the first petition, nnd you must re y only upon fresh acts not covered by the l'cnod re ferred to in the lirst proceedings. 'The respondent is not to lie twice tried pn be same charge. But this may happen m vour favour' g You wait for the statutory three venrs, and then start a new suit, on the ground of desertion. And you show that prior to the three venre. and during the period covered by the dismissed peti tion vour partner was guilty of the offence with a person not named in the first suit. You mnv rclv upon that oftcnce as iusliiy ing vou in refn'sing to consort w.tfi your mrt'ncr, and so obtain a decree on the ground of desertion. H >'°Jl hud to icly on he technically disproved offence* in cluded in the first petition you would be estopped from snying that your retusal to consort was justifiable, and your second potion would Share the fate ol the lirst. (Kelly v. Kelly). aggravation in DIVORCE. Repeated nets of matrimonial impro priety, or acts coupled with circumstances or conduct of aggravation, or acts com mitted in the conjugal residence, are grounds of divorce permitted to wives by the Shiels Act. The first and third sets of acts are purely inntters of fact, resting upon simple proof of the occurrence, and involving no question of legal conBtruc tion. jn regard, however, to the second set difficulty has been experienced in de ciding precisely what Parliament meant. In the first place, does the apm-ation refer to the circumstances of the offence in relation to the person with whom lt waa committed?^ is it to te consKiei^ fro® the point oY \djj*f-of the effect which tire circumstances "WouM probably have the mind of the injured wife? Mr. «h»e tice A'Beckett holds that the ktte*a«t*«t is the comet one from ^hich to treat U« matter. As to what eimstitvtes the qsr» ctttostoyeee or eofrduet required of ^ tion^Fthe act, it is, of course* to lay down an inclusive rule. vvnefej} .ingig improper Act was alone proved SKt thi hushand, but the surroundUigs of it ware such as to ^se dtfasaPSPTiSSt 