THE Idle Thoughts OF An Idle Fellow. ON CATS AND DOGS WHAT I've suffered from them this morning no tongue could tell. It be- gan with Gustavus Adolphus. Gus- tavus Adolphus (they call him "Gusty" downstairs for short) is a very good sort of dog, when he is in the middle of a large field, or on a fairly extensive common, but I won't have him in-doors. He means well, but this house is not his size. He stretches himself, and over go two chairs and a what-not. He wags his tail, and the room looks as if a devastating army had marched through it. He breathes, and it puts the fire out. At dinner-time, he creeps in under the table, lies there for a while, and then gets up suddenly ; the first in- timation we have his movements being given by the table, which ap- pears animated by a desire to turn summersaults. We all clutch at it frantically, and endeavour to maintain it in a horizontal position ; whereupon his struggles, he being under the im- pression that some wicked conspiracy is being hatched against him, become fearful, and the final picture presented is generally that of an overturned table and a smashed-up dinner, sandwiched between two sprawling layers of in- furiated men and women. He came in this morning in his usual style, which he appears to have founded on that of an American cyclone and the first thing he did was to sweep my coffee cup off the table with his tail, sending the contents full into the middle of my waist-coat. I rose from my chair, hurriedly, and remarking,'——— ', approached him at a rapid rate. He preceded me in the direction of the door. At the door, he met Eliza, coming in with eggs. Eliza observed, "Ugh !" and sat down on the floor, the eggs took up different positions about the carpet, where they spread themselves out, and, Gustavus Adolphus left the room. I called after him, strongly advising him to go straight downstairs, and not let me see him again for the next hour or so ; and he, seeming to agree with me, dodged the coal-scoop, and went, while I returned, dried myself, and finished breakfast. I made sure that he had gone into the yard, but when I looked into the passage ten minutes later, he was sitting at the top of the stairs. I ordered him down at once, but he only barked and jumped about, so I went to see what was the matter. It was Tittums. She was sitting on the top stair but one, and would'nt let him pass. Tittums is our kitten. She is about the size of a penny roll. Her back was up, and she was swearing like a medical student. She does swear fearfully. I do a lit tle that way myself sometimes, but I am a mere amateur, compared with her. To tell you the truth—mind, this is strictly between ourselves' please ; I should'nt like your wife to know I said it, the women folk don't understand these things ; but between you and me, you know, I think it does a man good to swear. Swearing is the safety-valve through which the bad temper, that might otherwise do ser- ious internal injury to his mental mechanism, escapes in harmless vapour- ing. When a man has said ; "Bless you, my dear, sweet sir. What the sun, moon, and stars made you so care less (If I may be permitted the expres- sion) as to allow your light and del- icate foot to descend upon my corn with so much force ? Is it that you are physically incapable of comprehending the direction in which you are proceed- ing? you nice, clever young man— you!'' or words to that effect, he feels better. Swearing has the same sooth- ing effect upon our angry passions that smashing the furniture or slamming the doors is so well to exercise ; added to which it is much cheaper. An occasional explosion is good for both. I rather distrust a man who never swears, or savagely kicks the footstool, or pokes the fire with unnec- essary violence. Without some outlet, the anger caused by the ever-occurring troubles of life is apt to rankle and fester within. The petty annoyance, instead of being thrown from us, sits down beside us, and becomes a sorrow, and the little offence is brooded over till in the hotbed of rumination, it grows into a great injury, under whose poisonous shadow springs up hatred and revenge. Swearing relieves the feelings, that is what swearing does. I explained this to my aunt on one occasion, but it didn't answer with her. She said I had no busiiness to have such feelings. That is what I told Tittums. I told her she ought to be ashamed of herself, brought up in a Christian family as she was, too. I don't so much mind hearing an old cat swear, but I can't bear to see a mere kitten give way to it. It seems sad in one so young. I put Tittums in my pocket, and re- turned to my desk. I forgot her for the moment, and when I looked I found that she had squirmed out of my pocket on to the table, and was trying to swallow the pen ; then she put her leg into the ink-pot and upset it; then she licked her leg ; then she swore again—at me this time. I put her down on the floor, and there Tim began rowing with her. I do wish Tim would mind his own busi- ness. It was no concern of his what she had being doing. Besides, he is not a saint himself. He is only a two- year-old fox terrier, and he inter- feres with everything, and gives him- self the aire of a grey-headed Scotch collie. Tittums' mother has come in, and Tim has got his nose scratched, for which I am remarkably glad. I have put them all three out in the passage, where they are fighting at the present moment. I'm in a mess with the ink, and in a thundering bad temper; and if anything more in the cat or dog line comes fooling about me this morning, it had better bring its own funeral contractor with it. Yet, in general, I like cats and dogs very much indeed. What jolly chaps they are ! They are much superior to human beings as companions. They do not quarrel or argue with you. They never talk about themselves, but listen to you while you talk about yourself, and keep up an appearance of being interested in the conversation. They never make stupid remarks. They never observe to Miss Brown across a dinner- table, that they always under- stood she was very sweet on Mr. Jones (who has just married Miss Robinson). They never mistake your wife's cousin for her husband, and fancy that you are the father-in-law. And they never ask a young author with fourteen tragedies, sixteen come- dies, seven farces, and a couple of burlesques in his desk, why he doesn't write a play. They never say unkind things. They never tell us of our faults, " merely for our own good." They do not, at in- convenient moments, mildly remind us of our past follies and mistakes. They do not say, " Oh yes, a lot of use you are, if you are ever really wanted" —sarcastic like. They never inform us, like our inamoratas sometimes do, that we are not nearly so nice as we used to be. We are always the same to them. They are always glad to see us. They are with us in all our humours. They are merry when we are glad, sober when we feel solemn, sad when we are sorrowful. "Hulloa! happy, and want a lark ! Right you are; I'm your man. Here I am, frisking round you, leaping bark- ing, pirouetting, ready for any amount of fun and mischief. Look at my eyes, if you doubt me. What shall it be ? A romp in the drawing-room, and never mind the furniture, or a scamper in the fresh, ccol air, a scud across the fields, and down the hill, and won't we let Old Gaffer Goggles's geese know what time o' day it is, neither. Whoop ! come along." Or you'd like to be quiet and think. Very well. Pussy can sit on the arm of the chair, and purr, and Montmor- ency will curl himself up on the rug, and blink at the fire, yet keeping one eye on you the while, in case you are seized with any sudden desire in the direction of rats. And when we bury our face in our hands and wish we had never been born, they don't sit up very straight, and observe that we have brought it all upon ourselves. They don't even hope it will be a warning to us. But they come up softly ; and shove their heads against us. If it is a cat, she stands on your shoulder, rumples your hair, and says, "Lor', I am sorry for you, old man," as plain as words can speak ; and if it is adog, he looks up at you with his big true eyes, and says with them, " Well you've always got me, you know. We'll go through the world together, and always stand by each other won't we ?" He is very imprudent, a dog is. He never makes it his business to inquire whether you are in the right or in the wrong, never bothers as to whether you are going up or down upon life's ladder, never asks whether you are rich or poor, silly or wise sinner or saint. You are his pal. That is enough for him, and, come luck or misfortune, good repute or bad. honour or shame, he is going to stick to you, to comfort you, guard you, give his life for you, if need be—foolish, brainless, soulless dog ! Ah ! old staunch friend, with your deep, clear eyes, andd bright, quick glances, that take in all one has to say before one has time to speak it, do you know you are only an animal, and have no mind ? Do you know that that dull-eyed, gin-sodden lout, lean- ing against the post out there, is im- measureably your intellectual superior? who lives by cheating and tricking, who never did a gentle deed, or said a kind word, who never had a thought that was not mean and low, or a desire that was not base, whose every action is a fraud, whose every utterance is a lie ; do you know that these crawling skulks (and there are millions of them in the world), do you know they are all as much superior to you as the sun is superior to rushlight, you honour- able, brave-hearted unselfish brute They are men, you know, and men are the greatest, and noblest, and wisest, and best Beings in the whole vast eternal universe. Any man will tell you that. Yes, poor doggie, you are very stupid, very stupid indeed, compared with us clever men, who understand all about politics and philosophy, and who know everything in short, except what we are, and where we came from, and whither we are going, and what everything outside this tiny world and most things in it are. Never mind, though, pussy and doggie, we like you both all the better, for your being stupid. We all like stupid things. Men can't bear clever women, and a woman's ideal man is some one she can tell a " dear old stupid." It is so pleasant to come across people more stupid than our- selves. We love them at once for being so. The world must be rather a rough place for clever people. Or- dinary folk dislike them, and as for themselves, they hate each other most cordially. But there, the clever people are such a very insignificant minority that it really doesn't much matter if they are unhappy. So long as the foolish people can be made comfortable, the world, as a whole, will get on toler- ably well. Cats have the credit of being more worldly wise than dogs—of looking more after their own interests, and being less blindly devoted to those of their friends. And we men and wo- men are naturally shocked at such sel- fishness. Cats certainly do love a family that has a carpet in the kitchen more than a family that has not ; and if there are many children about, they prefer to spend their leisure time next door. But, taken altogether, cats are libelled. Make a friend of one, and she will stick to you through thick and thin. All the cats that I have had have been most firm comrades. I had a cat once that used to follow me about everywhere, until it even got quite embarrassing, and I had to beg her, as a personal favor, not to accom- pany me any farther down the High street. She used to sit up for me when I was late home, and meet me in the passage. It made me feel quite like a married man, except that she never asked where I had been, and then didn't believe me when I told her. Another cat I had used to get drunk regularly every day. She would hang about for hours outside the cellar door for the purpose of sneaking in on the first opportunity, and lapping up the drippings from the beer cask. I do not mention this habit of hers in praise of the species, but merely to show how almost human some of them are. If the transmigration of souls is a fact, this animal was certainly qualifying most rapidly for a christian, for her vanity was only second to her love of drink. Whenever she caught a par- ticularly big rat, she would bring it up into the room where we were all sitting lay the corpse down in the midst of us, and wait to be praised. Lord ! how the girls used to scream. Poor rats ! They seem only to exist so that cats and dogs may gain credit for killing them, and chemists make a fortune by inventing specialities in poison for their destruction. And yet ihere is something fancinating about them. There is a weirdness and un canniness attaching to them. They are so cunning and strong, so terrible in their numbers, so cruel, so secret. They swarm in deserted houses, where the broken casements hang rotting to the crumbling walls, and the doors swing creaking on their rusty hinges. They know the sinking ship, and leave her, no one knows how or whither. They whisper to each other in their hiding-places, how a doom will fall upon the hall, and the great name die forgotten They do fearful deeds in ghastly charnel-houses. No tale of horror is complete with- out the rats. In stories of ghosts and murderers, they scamper through the echoing rooms, and the gnawing of their teeth is heard behind the wains- cot, and their gleaning eyes peer through the holes in the worm-eaten tapestry, and they scream in shrill, un- earthly notes in the dead of night, while the moaning wind sweeps, sob- bing, round the ruined turret towers, and passes wailing like a woman through the chambers bare and tenant- less. And dying prisoners, in their loath- some dungeons, see, through the horrid gloom, their small red eyes like glitter- ing coals, hear, in the death-like silence, the rush of their claw-like feet, and start up shrieking in the darkness, and watch through the awful night. I love to read tales about rats. They make my flesh creep so. I like that tale of Bishop Hatto and the rats. The wicked Bishop, you know, had ever so much corn, stored in his gran- aries, and would not let the starving people touch it, but, when they prayed to him for food, gathered them together in his barn, and then shutting the doors on them, set fire to the place and burned them all to death. But next day there came thousands upon thous- ands of rats, sent to do judgment on him. Then Bishop Hatto fled to his strong tower that stood in the middle of the Rhine, and barred himself in, and fancied he was safe. But the rats ! they swam the river, they gnawed their way through the thick stone walls, and ate him alive where he sat— " They lave whetted their teeth against the stones, And now they pick the Bishop's bones; They gnawed the flesh from every limb. For they were sent to do judgment on him." Oh, it's a lovely tale. Then there is the story of the Pied Piper of Hamelin, how first he piped the rats away, and afterwards, when the mayor broke faith with him, drew all the children along with him, and went into tlie mountain. What a curious old legend that is ! I wonder what it means, or has it a meaning at all? There seems something strange and deep lying hid beneath the rippling rhyme. It haunts me, that picture of the quaint, mysterious old piper, piping through Hamelin's narrow streets, and the children following with dancing feet and thoughtful, eager faces. The old folk try to stay them, but the children pay no heed. They hear the weird, witched music, and must follow. The games are left un- finished, and the playthings drop from their careless hands. They know not whither they are hastening. The mystic music calls to them, and they follow, heedless and unasking where. It stirs and vibrates in their hearts, and other sounds grow faint. So they wander through Pied Piper street away from Hamelin town. I get thinking sometimes if the Pied Piper is really dead, or if he may not still be roaming up and down our streets and lanes, but playing now so softly that only the children hear him. Why do the little faces look so grave and solemn when they pause awhile from romping, and stand, deep wrapt, with straining eyes ? They only shake their curly heads, and dart back laugh- ing to their playmates when we ques- tion them. But I fancy myself they have been listening to the magic music of the old Pied Piper, and, perhaps, with those bright eyes of theirs, have even seen his odd, fantastic figure, gliding unnoticed, through the whirl and throng. Even we grown-up children hear his piping now and then. But the yearning notes are very far away, and the noisy, blustering world is always bellowing so loud, it drowns the dream- like melody. 