THE THEATRES. princess^ , "j«hlR Of Hi'' uuiiuurier* urougiit vogelbev lin' imlicliiv attendances at the Princess, and though as a 1,w'lce(1 1:11 e excellence of the lk?!'e, (|,e performance itself lost nothing for the new ' |c admirably together in whatever they do. Vonningliain was ngain first, not only for his fcE'jvennuigliarn w merit n 'factor nncf singer, but for the artistic finish of f[,c remainder of the Gondolier group, Mr. I ; i.onll Miss Dorothy Vane, and Miss Florence t lore i»' fe'00'1 vni'l:0 ,uu~l spirit; Mrs. Braey was, i ».-. the most aristocratic representative the had. Mr. Howard Vernon and Mr. George rciieated old successes. Mr. Sydney Bracy again ,j to useful and dependable qualities for playing F!;iv, Mju't at short notice. Casilda gave Miss f'ile ]'n"lohnvdt a chance of showing her powers. r;tf.«1! "irJrf coming forward to play a principal part, afvaitl °f lettiiiff herself go, as the phrase has it. of a pretty face and figure, a sweet and M"";ive voice, and a graceful carriage. Miss urdt iuul much in her favour, and got. through wrork very pleasingly ; all she lacked was assurance, ivlier junior members of the company who.made a Jei'iiWIv good impression for small parts were Miss \,|> jiti'mi'bi'its and Miss Annie Cubitt. Miss Nina (Wwiie did nil that could reasonably be expected with ilif olil mu'se, and Miss Minnie Everett was singled out for her xood style in a subsidiary character. Mr. Henry liracy attended to the stage direction with efcutt'etcristic observance, aud Hons. Leon Caron gave ilie anisic his most watch fill- care. The Mikado was revived on "Wednesday night, the Until jjerformanee of the opera .season being this evening. To-niorro"w% . Dttliy night, (he troughs re-appear in The Liar*. Mi-. HENRY BRACY. Theatre Royal. Our Knlivc Homo, Mv, Hollow ay's now production at tlioltoyal, which Messrs. Gliai'lea "YVhitlock and .John "SiirgMuit liavoi- written in collaboration, deals with tail'mr ?muEorials, "uWd contains' plenty of exalting incidimts, buckcil up by admirable scenery and acces sories ^ of the usual kind. In ttio principal seiisulion, the harbour dredger at work a now piece ot **8# moclmnUiiu is used. - Tho ascending dredge wickets lutva Uio realism o£ a Yarra barge, and spec tator!) nib Uiuir oyon to soo such a oloso copy cavriod out on 1.11c stage. When the climax a wives and the blind heroine is seemingly carried to the brink of it terrible death, some consternation is l'elt among t)io younger section of the audience, the struggle for the level' between hero and villain keeping up the melo dramatic thrill. Naturally there is a tremendous cheering when the act drop 'falls.. . Quite a secondary merit 61 OUT Native Home, is the opportunity it gives Mr. John Saunders for character work. He is gentleman and hero, a merchant with a suggestion of foreign accent, a Devonshire fanner with a large-hearted desire to boom his local cider, and finally a newspaper re porter, or what appears'to be such, lounging at a barrister's table in the court scene. And these characters are so well hit ol'f, that every time Mr. Saunders discovers himself, and foils the viliian, the audience applaud with all their heart. In his various disguises Mr. Saunders is unrecognised, and the lookers on arc delighted with the clever way they have been tricked. Judging from Our Natiiu; JIome,Mr. Saunders has great variety and versatility, People would like to see hhu in classical comedy or Shakespeare. Miss Do Winton's graceful picture of the blind heroine helps one to forget the improbabilities of her part. Although the play itself is not of a kind lo achieve distinction, it contains several scenes worth remembering. The longboat and its survivors, just before the rescue by a 1', cV' O. liner, is a pathetic epis ode that appeals even to the most MUM: of theatregoers. Have Miss lioland WaUs-l.'hiUips shows what an experi enced and useful actress slio is, and how deftly she can make the greatest dramatic effect out of the scantiest materials. Little Ina Milne, surely the sweetest of stage children, gets through some awkward business of the harrowing*kind with the discretion of an old actor. The first part of the third act is in Miss Alice Duorwyn's hands, and managed in a very taking fashion. Yvith one sweetheart under the table, and a second irighten ing.the third with ghost stories, the merriment is con siiferable. Mr. Frank Hawthorne is a capital juvenile comedian ; Miss Ida Cli'cshain, Mr. Ivaynhain, Mr. <1. 1>. O'Neill, Mr. Frank Harcourt, Mr. AV.J. Montgomery, and Mr.-Stan ford work well ; and Mr. George Chalmers gets a round of applause for his personation of the old villager. Biiou. WHAT will) patriotism, popular performers, und pretty souvenirs, the Dijon litis been having ti busy week, avul Mr Hurry Uiokards' company 1ms rarely appeared to batter advantage. .Saturday night wan particularly lively, as the martial songs were taken up with a swing and a .spirit by the bulk of the audience. TvJr .Howard Chambers made a great hit with " Soldiers of tlie Queen," and by way of compliment a number of en thusiasts started "Sons at' the Sea" and "Utile Uritannia," which made a rousing, though rather be wildering, blend. Mr I'aul I'olhnni's " Transvaal war song" brought matters to lever heat, and the refrain "Down with Kruger and the Doers" caught (lie fancy so quickly that the gull cry earned il, into Dourke street, and whistled it to the passers hv. On Saturday evening, too, Mr G. W. 'Hunter, comedian and raconteur, made his first appearance, mid very soon lie had the audience with hi 111. Among his selections were " The Doctor," " That's Another Story," " The (jnadrillo." and " Tall Tales and Funny Fubios." MljRKUyii at every point and Mr Hunter nnvKJJ^'^v.o Whi singe before he was mi itsstiretKfuWiiii'Uo, the announcement of pl(oltf/&>uveiiii's, with tl'i^i^iRmes of flte. contingent, atmi^ still4i|)||yiyt<^enj(S|(iri.| Tor every one was anxious lV ti nieinenlo d( jJUfj iViJn ol' the Medio. Later iJcrtorKHi^fct'^aypJ^^^^^eri^ctl bv no loss eagernoss, and t.hoNidjoitf MIIs satis faction. Virto's music and thi?'Wm«atarf&(®fcling; cause as much adimration as ever, and Ihe comedians of the company, Mr Chas. Cogill, Mr Whitburn, and others, have been overy whit as successful as Mr Howard Chambers, Mr Fred Duncan, Miss Nova Carr Giyti, and their chorus, nor docs J-Jaby Cowers' serio-comic turn lose anything by contrast, Tho Wednesday matinee at 2.BO iucltitles the complete prognunmo of the evening. 