A WOMAN'S REASON. Scene : A small tea-room a la Japanaise. Storks clamber over the walls and the frieze seem to be a continuous crane with old-rose legs and a purple bill. The air is filled with the sharp scent of incense rising from a tiny braiser burning before the huge brass Joss on the mantel. The hostess awaits her guests in a kimono of many shades, her level eyebrows have a distinct slant and her small feet slip half out of a pair of sandals at every motion. A Japanese servant holds back the rattling curtain and a lady enters. The Lady: " Oh. Amy, is that you?" The Hostess (smiling): " No, dear ; it the ghost of my great-grandmother." The Lady : " Oh, I see. I've done one of those unnecessary questions, haven't I ?" The Hostess (laughing): " Yes, but I don't know that you need be proud of it !" The Lady (looking about) : "What time is it, anyway ? I suppose they don't have clocks in Japan. I'm very early ?" The Hostess : " A little. No one is likely to come for ten minutes. I got myself into these things in time to have a dress rehearsal with the tea things. (Holding up her square sleeve.) Do say something funny, so that I can laugh in this ; it's big enough to hold a perfect roar." The Lady (suddenly) : " Tom was driving with her again yesterday. Everybody saw them. Isn't it perfectly infuriating ?" The Hostess (gently) : " It is very hard for you. Do you mind it very much, dear ? " The Lady (petulantly): " Mind it ? Well, I should think I did! Married only six months and to have one's husband going about with a girl like that! An impossible creature who isn't even in one's own set, and who wears gowns that are simply ghastly." The Hostess : "But perhaps—if you were more considerate—I mean if you didn't go out so much with Will Jarvis, who was once well- known to be rather epris—" The Lady (hastily) : " Oh ! that's nothing. Tom isn't a bit jealous. Neither am I, but he might have picked out somebody I knew." The Hostess (seriously) : " Do you and Tom really care for one another ? " The Lady (staring) : " Of course not. But we don't quarrel—at least, not in public. Why (flippantly), he likes that girl better than he does me." The Hostess : " And Will Jarvis thinks it is very poor taste, eh ? " The Lady (looking down) : " Perhaps." The Hostess : " How can you endure a life like this, so full of bitterness and danger to yourself and others ? Why don't you and Tom part, and at least live honestly ? " The Lady : " You mean divorce, of course. I've thought of that, of course, but you see I can't—at least, just yet." The Hostess: " Ah, then you do care for Tom a little, after all! Be patient and I'm sure it will come out—" The Lady (laughing) : " What a senti- mentalist you are! Do you want to know the reason ? You know Kittie Hunter—one of my bridesmaids ? On the way down the aisle in the church I overheard her wager a dozen pairs of gloves that I wouldn't live with Tom a year ! Spiteful thing! So you see, I've got to." The Hostess (looking at her guest curiously : " Yes. I see. You've got to." 