_ HOT WEATHER fiOLES. . BE MODERATE. IN EATING AND DRINKING. WEAR FLANNEL NEXT THE SKIN LIGHT, WHITE OUTER CLOTHING. OPINIONS OF DR. GRESSWELL. When the mercury rises in the thermo meter to a hundred and odd, and" the bak ed Australian mops his perspiring brow as he sighs, too often vainly, for a south breeze, it is essential that he should know what to eat, drink and wear, so that the ill-effects of the heat shall be at least mi tigated. Topiacehim in possession of that knowledge we have interviewed Dr. Gresswell, the chairman of the Board of Public Health, and the opinions of an authority on health questions, which we are able to give, should prove valu able! "What to eat, drink, and to wear,-how to avoid sun- stroke and heat-stroke, and what to do in the event of either being sus tained? — It's rather a large order for the compass of a short newspaper article." And the doctor smiled. "But, perhaps, we carmanage it toy condensing vigorous ly," lie continued, "so, to begin, I should say, generally, "BE MODERATE IN ALL THINGS, AND EXTREMELY MODERATE IN THE USE OF ALCOHOLIC DRINKS." "That is the most important point of all, and deserves a line to itself in capital let ters. There should be no excesses of any sort. Anything that enervates or re duces the system is sure to be a source of additional risk to a person in a hcrt climate and exposed to the direct rays of the sun. Then, with moderation in all things, should come regularity in all things— re gularity in work, meals, exercise, and sleep. Moderation and regularity must be practised rigorously if a healthy tone of the system is to be maintained." , CLOTHING. "Leaving the general principles which must be observed, and coming to details, we will put clothes on our model summer man. First, he should wear flannel next the skin, not the thick irritating flannel sometimes to be seen in our shops, but lighter merino, with a small percentage of cotton with it. His outer clothing should be white, and, of course, light, and for the protection of the delicate organism of the abdomen, he should wear a cummerbund, or drawers which will overlap his flannel shirt in that region. His head gear should be a white helmet of bamboo wicker (which is the best), or cork. The helmet should be roomy in the roof to permit of proper ventilation, and it should come well down all round in the brim, but par ticularly at the back and front — over the nape of the neck and the eyes" DRINKS. "In the matter of drinks, abstinence from aicohol as far as practicable is the chief point, Nothing is so bad as the al coholic 'peg,' which, though it may create pleasurable excitement, is only tempo rary in its action, and, leading to another, and another, inevitably undermines the digestive and nervous systems, which are the two systems that it is essential should be kept in vigor and good tone. Again, alcoholic abuse leads to the destruction of natural sleep in the natural time, which is night, and as sleep is one of the most im-i portant requisites for the maintenance of health, and at the same time is mist difficult to obtain in sum mer, that is another and excel lent reason for extreme moderation in the use of alcohol. For those who take alcohol, claret cup is least injurious. Soda- water is a safe drink, but with any water care should be taken to see that it has been properly filtered. Micro-organisms, like snakes, are most active, and their virulent properties are most marked in summer, therefore, proper filtration of all drinking water is essential. Tea (in mode ration) is a good cooling beverage." FOOD. "As far as possible a vegetable diet should be chosen. A certain amount or animal food will, of course, be found necessary, but it should be largely reduc ed in favor of vegetables. Ripe fruit is good, and it is very important that the midday meal should be a light one. Parr, who lived to a great age, when asked the secret of his longevity, said, 'Keep your head cool by temperance, your feet warm by exercise, rise early and go to bed soon, and if you are inclined to get fat, keep your eyes open and your mouth shut.' That is excellent advice neatly put." EXERCISE, &c.; "Exercise is essential to keep the skin active, and to keep up healthy action or the bowels. Riding and walking are the best kinds of exercise. Cycling is good in extreme moderation, but the tendency to immoderation with those who cycle Is marked, particularly amongst the young. Lads may be seen any day as pale as ghosts, and gasping for breath, because of the exertion they have used to ride fast and overcome hills. Bathing is very ad visable — in the tropics it is particularly- resorted to for .the building up of the sys tems of the children. Smoking, which tends to pull down the action of the heart, should be only moderately indulg ed in at any time, but particularly in the summer." SUN AND HEAT STROKES. "If the advice already given be followed, the danger of sustaining sun and heat strokes will be much minimised. Where any tendency to such strokes is noticed, frequent recourse should be had to cold douching and to shampooing the head. When a stroke is sustained the patient should he removed to a cool and -sheltered place, and cold water should be applied to the nape of the neck and the head. Ice te extremely valuable for such applica tion, but where ice cannot.be obtained free use of the pump will do. .Naturally, no time, should be iost in obtaining the ser vices of a medical man, but while waiting use cold water unsparingly. Let it be remembered that alcohol favors heat stroke. Let the people restrain their in dulgence of it, and we will hear of fewer cases, and will want less cold water and less Ice." 