Lay Hold on Eternal Life. Sboiok Late Rev. C. H. Srur.GEOx. Lay hold on eternal life.—1 Timothy, vi. 22. I'am going- now to take thus exhortation, and press it upon you. asking God to bless it. "Lay hold on eternal life." 1\. first, what is eternal life? In attempt ing to answer thus question, I remark what should bo perfectly obvious; it is a gift of God, tho fruit of a Divine operation upon the heart. One of tho first works of tho grace of God is to put within us eternal life. No man can create it, either in himself, or in his fellow-men. Just as onr physicul life was besrowed upon us apart from any effort of our own, the Divine life cannot be evolved by :ujy device of man; it must be imparted by the Spirit of God. At first, God created man, 44 and breathed into his nGstnls the breath of life; and man became a living sonl"; and when, in Christ, man becomes a new creation, tho work is as wholly and as really .God's. It is profane as well as foolish to seek to be saved by giving to God instead of receiving from Him, or by anything we can bring to attempt to bay this life eternal. This is to imitate Simon Magus, to whom Peter said, " Thy money perish with thee, because thou hast thought that the gift of God may be purchased with money." Neither witb money nor with ceremonies can it be purchased. It is purely aud solely the gift of God by Jesus Christ. "The wages of sin is death; but the gift"—the freo gift—4<of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord." Eternal life is a pleasant possession. When we are bom again, it is 44 not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible, by the word of God, which liveth and abidelli for ever." It is a gift of God—a gift not reserved for the future, but given now, the moment a sinner believes in Christ. One of the first tokens of eternal life being given is the cry of prayer, and then come repentance of sin "and faith in our Lord Jesus. This is eternal life—the gift \- of God, and a present possession. Have you received it ? I do not ask yon whether yon know exactly the day or the hour when yon received it, but arc you alive onto God with u life yon had not by nature, but which has been planted in you by God tho Holy Spirit This life is, in fact, tho life of God in the sonl. The Holv Snirit comes and breathes God's life into dead * men. There is nothing everlasting in itself « bnt God, and there is no life that is everlast ing except that which comes from the ever lasting One. The gift of God iB not only the gift God gives, but God is the gift that is given. He it is who breathes into us this eternal life, which is really Christ living in us. He himself is "that eternal life which was with, the Father, and was manifested unto us." The Holy Ghost corner and dwells in the man. "We will come to him," eays Christ, "and take up Onr abode with him." | The Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, each in a certain way, dwell within the man; he becomes a temple of the Holy Ghost, and so he is alive unto God. Again, eternal life is a life which never dies. We speak very positively here. Eternal life cannot have an end. If it con come to an end by any process whatever, then it is not eternal. This is as clear as the words can make it. The life, then, which God gives to every 6oul in its regeneration. • can never die out. Hear these words of Christ: "My sheep hear my voice, and I know them, and they follow Me; and I give unto them eternal life; and they shall never perish, neither shall any man pluck them out of My hand." See you, then, what a blessing is yonrs if you haro received the gift of God ? If by grace you have received life through Jesus Christ, you have a life which will never die, a life which will outlast the sun and moon. You will see this world turn to a black coal; you will see all things else ex pire ; but your life and the life of God shall run on for ever and ever. Well might Paul urge Timothy, and well may we urge you, to lay hold on such a life as this 1 And this is the record, that God hath given to us eternal life, and this life is in His Son. Ho that hath the Son hath life; and he that hath not the Son of God hath not life." 2\. In the second place, tho apostle tells us to "lay hold on" eternal life. The Spirit of God lays hold of us, iu order that we may lay hold ou eternal life. How are wo enabled to do this? First, if you would grasp this gift, believe in it as true. The very begin ning of our hope is when the Lord leads us to . bclievo that there is such a thing as eternal life; and that it is a tangible thing—not a dream ov a vision, bnt a reality to be laid hold of. Christ can strip you of the grareclothes of sin, and raise you from your tomb. The words which Christ once addressed to Martha sound still in our ears: "I am the Resurrection and the Life; he that believeth in Mo, tin ugh lio were dead, yet shalLhe live ; and whosoever | livcth and betieveth in Mo shall never die. Belicvest thou this ?" Answer this quc-tiun of my Master, "Briievest thou If thou dost, there is hepo that thou shalt yet bo a partaker of His grace. Nothing, can binder when He begins to work. Though yon fed as if you did not feel at all: though you seem paralysed, and unable to repent or to believe: this life shall be given unto you, and it shall be given unto you now, if'you look unto Him who was lifted up upon the cross that " whosoever believrth in Him should not perish, but have everlasting life." But you do not lay hold of a thing by simply believing there is such a thing. You must go farther. You must appropriate it. There is a book, and I believe that it is there; but if anybody told me that it was a present for me, ami said, "All that you have to do in order to havo it is to lay hold upon it," I should understand that ho meant not only that I was to believe in its existence, but ; that I was/o take it up and carry it home with inc. That is how you are to "lay hold on eternal life." Strange as it is, this ! is a thing which, though it is so simple, ! we caunot make awakened sinners under : stand. That eternal life is God's free gift put ! within their reach, and that they are to take ' hold of it for their own salvation seems harder j for some to grasp than it it were the most i intricate puzzle. Yet this is, perhaps, the I clearest aspect of the great matter of salva tion. It was Dr. Chalmers, I think, who used to say that he had no such comfort in the Gospel as when he viewed it as a simple offer on the one side, and a simple acceptance on the other. The Lord who ha.-, bcc-u chasten ing you, and making you feci your sinner ship, and showing you that you are con demned. and only fit to die, says now, " Lay hold on eternal life. Believe' in the Lord Jesus Christ. Take Him to bo yours. Accept him as your substitute, bearing the death justly your duo; and having given His life for you, now giving it to you. Make the exchange. Christ took your death; take His life. He bore your ill: tako His good. Appropriate it. Lay hold ©u eternal life." When people arc sinking iu the water, and there is a lifebuoy or a ropo near, they do not need much exhorting to lav hold upon it, or any elaborate explanation ox the way. They simply grip anything that gives them hulx a hope of being suved from the devouring deep. Now, soul, thou art not to bring anything with thee. That would be to filt thy hand, and then thou couldst not lay hold of any thing else. Thou art to come empty-handed, just as thou art, to Christ, who is set before thee. Bo bold enough to take Hira, and let Him bo thine. Ihoa needesS no worthiness. How couldst thou be worthy of , Him ? He gives Himself freely to thine un , worthiness and sinnership. Confess these, and lay hold on eternal life. And then, furthermore, stay yourself upon it. If you believe in Christ there is a life within you like the life of God, which will never die; a life within you which will briug you to stand before the glorious throne of Christ, "without spot, or wrinkle, or any such thing." Do not, therefore, ever give up hope. Do not be staggered by what you may have to suffer here. In the midst of all the agony of the way, stay your heart upon God, and upon tho gift He hath given you. "Lay hold on eternal life." If between hero and heaven you could be burned as a martyr every day, it would be worth your wbiie to bear it, laying hold on eternal life. Further, I think that tho apostle, by the exhortation, " Lay hold on eternal life/* meant let other things go. Here is a brother, lately converted, who has been accustomed to keep his shop open on Sundays. He iives in a street where tho best business is to he done on that day. and if he shuts up his shop he .will very likely be a great "loser. What should he do ? I thank God that the man has not asked anybody what he should do; he has done the right thing and trusted in his God. The apostle seems to say, "Let any thing else go, let everything else go; but lay hold on eternal life. Hold ycu to that," *' Oh, but I should lose a living 1" Yes, but if you lost a living and saved your life, what would you lose? Have you heard of one who hud a bag of gold on board a ship coming home from Australia. The ship was sinking, and he went down to his cabin, put ns much gold as lio could into a belt, and then fastened tho belt around his waist. When he leaped for tho boat, and mlfsed it, it was not possible to pick him up, for he sank with the weight of his own gold round his loins. There was uo hope for him: his treasure was his ruin. And many a man, in like manner, is by all his toll but prepar ing sure destruction for himself: toiling and working hard only that he may effectually ruin his own soul. Let these things go. "For what is a mau advantaged, if he gain the whole world and lose himself, or ho cast away?" Even for the fleeting lifo of the body a man will sucrifico all, thankful if be can get out of the burning house alive, though all his worldly goods bo destroyed; glad to escape from the hands of brigands, though they strip him of overy possession. "All that a mau hath will he give for his life." If this he wise for a transient life, how much more for the life which is eternal! We shall be gainers by losing everything, if by the loss wo gain everlasting bliss. Let alL that opposes go—friends, kindred, com fort, this present life. Let them all go, if by the sacrifice we may more firmly lay hold on eternal life. To keep that and hold fast to it amidst ihc stress of temptation, is the main business of the Christian man. "Lay hold ou eternal life." And it means in my text more than that. Fight, and ns you fight Jay hold upou the victory. While you arc running for heaven often anticipate the joys of heaven. 3\. "Who ere the people that ought chiefly to lay hold of etcrual life? Those who are called. This is the reason the apostle gives to Timothy " whereuuto thou art also called." Beloved, some of you have been called. A boy stood at jay window this afternoon who had come upon an errand. Suddenly he ran away, and I thought. "What made him go?1* X found out that though I had not heard the voice, someone had called him ; and therefore he was gone. Imitate that boy. Go about this world as men who have been called by a voice that nobody has heard but you. Has God called you to Himself ? He means you to come away from your old self, and cease to live the old life; He would have you lay hold on life eternal. God never singles ua out in this way unless He moans to bios us. He never soys, u Seek ye My face" in vain. Has ~ * ailed • ~ God called you out from among you feel what your parents and friends at home do not feel ? Is there a call to you I like that call, *4S:imuel, Samuel,n and have I you responded, ""Here am I; for Thou didst | call me. Speak; for Thy servant hearetb ?'r; Ob, if God has favoured you with :t special and effectual call, then lay hold on eternal life with Your whole heart and soul, andncVL' let it go I Gotnc what may, resolve that yoa will hold to this gift of God in life, in death and throughout eternity. 