t tttcKEff CLUB COHCMf, —M— A concert in aid of the Moe criekefc club was held in the Mechanics' Hall on Friday evening, 2nd inst, and passed off very successfully, there being a food attendance. The first part of the programme was given by the minstrel circle, the corner men being Messrs J. Huison. (tambo) and E. J. Cooper (bones), and the position of interlocutor waa ably filled by Mr Crowe, of Coalville. Of coarse it restedthese gentleman to provide the fun, and great amusement wa« caused by the funny isms and gags introduced. The musical items ia the first part were a pianoforte Overture by Miss Cosgriff ; opening chorus, ** Old Log Cabin," circle ? song " Rosea underneath the Snow," Mr Bert Hill; song, " My Mary Ann,"Tambo; song, "The Sea is song, Mr F. Fish;songj "Oar Jack; Geo. White; song " Gossip," Bones ; song, "Sons of the Sea," Mr Crowe. The comics of the corner men brought down the house, as also did that of Mr Fish, whilst Mr Crowe aroused the enthusiasm of the audience by calling on them to join in the choros of his ever popular song. The other items were also well received. The minstrel part of the entertainment wound op with " A ghost scene," in which th© corner men and Mr Crowe (ghost) caused some hearty fun. Hie neeond part of the entertainment opened with a pianoforte overture by Mis* Elsie Lee. The following' items were then gone through successfully:—Song, " Hear how the wind blows,' Mr B. Tulloch; song,' Auntie' Miss Lee ; recitation, With a coaching party,* Mr BL Duke ; Toy duet, Misses Kate and Maggie Considine ; club swinging, Master Sievers (encored) ; clog" dance, Mr J. Hinson ; song.' Sailors on the Sea,' Mr Bert Hill; song; * The Blind girl to her Harp' Miss Campbell; song, * Paddy don't care, r and in response to an encore, ' The Chinaman,' Master D. Cosgriff ; recitation, ' Aunt Tabitha,' Miss Elsie Lee; song, 1 Banks of Loch. Lomond,* Miss G. Aifcken; song-, 'Love me as you used to do,' Miss Lucy Lee ; recitation, Mr Latteu (encored) ; song Miss K. Considine ; dnet, * My Love,' Misses Porter and St Ellen; song, Miss Porter ; song, ' Miss {St. Ellen ; song, M r R. Tullocb„ The programme was rather lengthy considering that a ball was to be held afterwards, bat all the items were all received, the recitations of Messrs Dske and Latten, cl<i» dancing by Mr Hinson, club swinging by Master Sievers, and singing of Master CosgriS meeting with marked favor. The accompaniments in the second part were played by- Misses Irving and Cosgriff respectively, the former accompanying the several singers who kindly came from Morwell to render assistance. The entertainment concluded with an amusing sketch entitled " Mulligan's Guards," which caused roars ol laughter, the get up of those taking part (MessrsCooper,, Hill, Hinson, Hipwell, Fish and White) being very comical. During the evening Mr Watson presented the Moe Cricket Club with, the trophy won by them in coniiaction with the Advertiser Competion for season 1898-0. He trusted they would value the trophy not on account of its intrinsic valu& bnt because it was a memento of the laurels won by them on the cricket field. He also drew attention to the fact that the Traralgoa Club who held third position in the competition Moe had won, had carried off the Mason medals. Mr J. Wilson, who officiated as chairman, responded in suitable and humorousterms on behalf of the Moe Club. The donor of the trophy was then, accorded three hearty cheers on the proposition of Mr Crowe. After the concert a ball was held bat owing to the lateness of the hour there was only a sparse attendance. Messrs G. M'Guigan (piano) and W. Jones (violin) supplied the music, and refreshments were kindly provided by the ladies. We have not heard of the probable balance in favor of the eiub, bat a substantial sum is assured. In connection with the arrangements for the concert great credit is due to the energetie secretary,. Mr M. Sullivan, who entered so heartily into the work of makingthe affair a success, and to Miss Cosgriff for' kindly attending and playing the accompaniments at re~ heaxaals. , Parcels are at the station for the following :—Rmtoull, Smidt, F. Hillman, Burgoyne, F. Wattery, Needham Bras., Wilson, -Lamont, Brache, Hennessy. A record weddiog took place at Wapragul the other day. The Melbouma train only stopped 15 minutes yet tbe bridal party bad time to get out and get switched. This reminds us of thee American roadside station where (ha porter yells---** Trains stop here twenty^ minutes for divorce,'' - v The residents of Heyfield and district have decided upon a very enterprising: and ambitious move, viz., to torm a syndicate to acquire the Tyson Miss Montgomery, M.A., as't. at Rosedaie, lias been appointed to the Tmtrobflt acfeooi at Willowgrove, * 