WHAT DIVERS I had been a boy in the British Navy said Andrew Cameron to a writer in the "Chicago Inter-Occan," but ut the age of 18 (the pre t$?ril>cd nge) I took the position of torpedo diver. My first real diving experience was off Triueoinalce, Ifilo of Ceylon. The mail* boat Hankow had capBised, and all bands on board were drowned. The daughter of the Governor of that island had boon to England, and was going home on Lhis ship. I was at Singapore at the time, and wan sent for by Admiral Uydcr, to recover the muita nnd bring the bodice bactE. When I had got up about evtffytlring, and all the luggage and bodies I could find I was informed tbat the Gover nor'* daughter was still missing. At lust 1 found her in a small state-room, where nhe had been sitting with her satchel in her hand, ready to go aBhore. I had no thought of finding anyone in the room,as the poiln wore til) ut, whereas all the rest of the DortK were open. Upon entering the door, a strong circulating current was caused, and in an instant the Ufe-liKe body rose at me with a bound. Perfectly dazed, X finally came to the surface. When they saw me the men cried: " Scotty baa seen a ghost.'* When 1 recovered a little bit, I said: " You had better go down yourself and find the ghost." Then they told me that my hair was white, and I went to aglasB and saw my hair, which had been very black, had in stantly changed and was half white. I was 1 the only diver there, bo that as 60011 qb I ' was able I went down and brought up the body. My second diving operation was off the Isle of Wight. Ii.M.S. Eurydice sauk und 500 boys and men were drowned, only two men haviugescapcd. Your humble servant being at Portsmouth at the time, I was telegraphed to go down and get the bodies, etc. I pro ceeded with the work, raising them by means of a heavy case, with iron binding. Tho work waB at a depth of twenty i fathoms, and the sight of the hatchways leading down to the main deck jammed with i the men, as they had rushed together to get up, was the vilest I have ever Been. It was necessary to separate them one by one, and pass them to my mate. The work had to be done carefully, as they would slip away if ' merely touched. We found men siding at a table actually writing letters to folks at i bome. , , ^ One of my experiences aboard the Fene I lope was at Alexandria. Tho Council sent word to Admiral Hornby that there were torpcdoeB arranged to destroy the fleet. One Thursday afternoon the signal went up for divers to look for torpedoes, this being at the time of the bombardment of Alexandria. I went down under fire, and it appeared that I was the only man who reached the bottom. I found u Whitehead torpedo, the most dangerous kind, with fuse attached, I did not know what rainuto it might go off, but without hesitation I cut the wire with pincers. For this act X was awarded a pension for life. My term of service having expired I returned to Bathgate, and went to work in a coal pit. Shortly after 1 received a telegram to pro ceed to Boncss, Scotland, and go down i pit und open a trap door in a coal-mine, where eight persons were hemmed in by a torrent of water. Before going down I bad to get diving gear. I could not gel agood drceb, but as thero were liveB at slake. I went at a great risk. X got within thirty yards of the victims and cut away at the door, but I was in absolute darkness, and the rushing water drew me away. I (hen managed to tie myself to a post with the life-line, and proceeded. This flood was caused by the water from an old mine near by finding its way to the new one. The boy etatioued at the trap-door whore the tubes are raised had gone to sleep, and the miners, working up an inclined shaft, were not warned of the oncoming flood. As tiie shaft tilled tho men were cut off from the main shaft* as they could not get over the hutches, tho road being very narrow. After going up for a spell, I returned, to find one of the men sitting near a glimmer ing light, and a boy crying. Ae t approached they both ran back, thinking X was a devil, although I tried to motion to them, X found a spike- nai), and going all the way out of f he water, I removed my mouthpiece. This was rather dangerous, aB my guide might have drawn me into the water. When I got it off and talked to them, they wanted to know what day it was, as they had been three days without food. X then went to the top of tho pit and loolc food to them in a tin can. X opened it with my diving-knife, and gave the men a share. There were hundreds of people at the pit waiting for the good word, aotl I think the first manly thing! ever did was to bring this little boy on my shoulder thirty yards through the darkness and water and send him to liiB mother, where a Dr. Kirk took him in hand. By this time tho-water had abated considerably, and I euccecdcd in get ting all hands out. Xn three hours more the water would have filled the bhaft where the men were located. My greatest feat, which mode me the world's record diver, was at Loch Craig, Inverness• shire, Scotland, it was where tho embank ment had given way, a coincidence similar to the recent wreck on the New York Central Railroad. The heavy supply of rain caused the embankment to subside about six inches, and the rails being off the level, the embank ment gave way and the engine left the rails and tipped into the water. It waB a mineral train, and only the en gine went over, as the coupling yielded. Drivers failed to go down, a6 it was 200 feet, X was called from a place called Dole Bay, where I was working for tho Northern Lake Company. I proceeded at once to search for the two bodies; being a Government cer tificate man I had to go. X found I would need longer diving tackle. I had but two 60ft. lengths. When X had got more tubing X went down with the three lengths, and landed a short distance from the engine at the bottom. X fitted up two iron railway chairs, which X used in making the descent. I sank them to tho bottom on a coil of twenty-seven rope, and I had to go up and down it like a monkey. On my first actual descent X lauded on the . funnel of the engine. X climbed down, and found the engineer standing with his hand clinched on the throttle valve. Tho fireman was standing with Buch a death-grip upon the hand-break that X fooud it difficult to get him away. X made them fast to tho line X hod with mo, and ascended. X reckon X was down thirty minutes. The weight of the diving dress is no small item in the work, the actual weight being 180 pounds to carry about, including 28 pounds on each foot. When X came up X was bleeding at the nose, ears, and mouth, as the pressure on my body was 84pounds to the square inch, in addition to tho outer pressure of the water on my body. 