A City of Salt It would take at least three weeks to visit every portion of this marvellous city. Men have worked in its hollows for centuries, leaving it as a legacy to posterity. Horse have been brought to life and have died thuv, without seeing the light of ,lav. It is silent and dark, except when the voices of the people echo through its countless, tor tuous halls, and the candle of the guide or Hash of the Roman light discovers it.-, mas sive Tmd glittering wonders. It is a city hewn in salt. It will hardly ho Dciicved that such n place exists. To all who dis believe, we would recommend a trip to Wioliczka, a little municipality about six miles from Cracow, in Polish Austria, and tho centre of the Galician salt industry.. The mines arc under the direct control of the Austro-Hungarian Minister of Finance. Tho wonders have been seen by people for nearly a thousand years. During ‘■he time the skilled hand of the laborer in the Wic llczka salt mines has been at work turn ing the depths of darkness into a realm of beauty. It lias created ball rooms, chapels, altars, statues, restaurants, railways, chan deliers, staircases, pillars and thrones in tlie bowels of’the earth, ami the grandeur of these has excited the admiration of the world. The mines dote back to 1044, and now have a length of over two and three quarter miles. Above stands a large, grey building, containing the ofliccs of those in charge of the mining c peration. This build ing is interesting principally because ii con tains a large number of caps and uniforms worn by various Royal persons, Austrian and otherwise, who have descended into this ‘subterranean city. They are each la belled with the name of the visitor and the day of the descent. In early times, this des cent was made in a shaft worked by Ik rse powcv, but a hydraulic lift is now in use. Some visitors prefer, however, to descend on long slanting stairways cut in ‘he tolid salt. Almost blinded by the darkness, and frightened by the eerie echo of his own footsteps, the visitor first enters some colos sal chanlhers hollowed out by the laborer in the ordinary course of mining, after a plan laid down by some master mind. He almost loses himself in the expanse of the Letow ball room, which, with its solid mural decoration, illuminated galleries, stalwart pillars, and shining chandeliers, is hideed a fib and welcome chamber for lovers of the dance. In its history, which dates back to 1750, when it was dedicated to Dctowski. the chief of mines at that lime, it has wit nessed many remarkable gatherings. These luive taken place on Royal visits, or for the entertainment of distinguished guests. One end <»f the room is adorned with a col ossal Austrian eagle and with transparen cies painted on slabs of salt. In an aicovc at the other end of the room stands a throne of green, the crystals of which flash a green and ruby red. It is on this that the Em peror sits when he conics to the mines. The ball room lies at a distance of 216 ft. below the surface, being the first of seven stories in the mine. Three of these stones oj>lv live open to visitors, jvs they aluns contain the marvels visitors go to see, and are called “Bono,” ‘Ka : ser Franz,’’ and "Erz hcr/og Albrecht,” respectively, the last two being named in honor of celebrated Austrians. From the scene of gaiety and splendor it is bub a step to the home of quietude and prayer. Hero, off one of the main passages, is the noted St. An thony s Chapel, the resort of thousands of the devout since it was hewn in 1698. The interior is beautified by an altar showing the Crucifixion, and on the steps of the altar are the forms of two kneeling monks. On tho sides of the chapel may be seen smaller altars and statues of saints. Many times each year the priests of the district per form. .A-bfiv. ,'uious. dutiivv in MUs simple chapel, hot biltv in memory of vSt. Anthony himself, but as* a tribute to the miner who, unaided and persevering, built tho chapel as it stands to-day. The blocks of salt which ho dug out have disappeared, but the life work of tho nameless laborer may last till the end of lime. . . The mine is. in deed, full of many marvels ; but the most marvellous of all—at least, the one winch makes tho most impression on tho visi tor —is the subterranean lake, lying TOO feet below the surface of the earth. Tho liters of the lake are dark, thick, and heavy, and as the boat glides over its sur face the spreading waters roll up against the sides of the grotto with a ghost-like swish. A ponderous solitude overweighs all. The Styx alone of all the death like streams in legend could rival this in stillness. The boat insubstantial, and car rcis many people. It is guided thrnigh the Stephanie -and Rudolph Grottos bv ropes running on pulleys along tho sides of ihe boat and the boatman, with his hands vcstiii" on the stern of the curious craft, pushes it with his feet braced against the rope There are sixteen of these kikes in parts of ihe mine, but vlus is the onlv one upon which the visitors are allowed to go. The trip across and back takes fifteen or twenty minutes, a-s the boat moves slowly through the sluggish bnno. A gun shot off in the middle of the lake wakes a long and lingering echo, and tho voice of the boatman, as he calls out that all is ready, seems like tho voice of a giant 'from the depths of chaos.. 