THS FIKE AT WE3TW0BTH WENTWORTH, Friday.— A fresh outbreak of fire occurred yesterday at the Royal Hotel, Dar- ling-street, which was partially destroyed by fire on Wednesday. The outbreak was caused by some smouldering sawdust in one of the ceilings. The total estimated damage is £300. The building was insured for £1200, and the stock and furni- ture for £300, in tne Imperial Office. An inquiry was held last evening, when the jury returned a verdict that the hotel was destroyed by fire on the 4th instant, but how the fire originated, they were at a loss to say. The foreman complimented the brigade upon their prompt action. Bishop Lanigan, of Goulburn, is seriously ill. At the Water Police Court, Chas. Burgess, 19, liftboy, and Arthur Fox, 18, plumber, were com- mitted to the quarter sessions in May on a charge of breaking and entering the warehouse of Blackwood and Company, King-street, and steal ing therefrom twenty suits of clothes, value £20, the property of the firm. Bail was allowed the accused, who was arrested by Detective Sergeant McLean and Constable Malone. Miss Sibbald, who voluntarily retired from the Department of Education some weeks ago, and who had been teaching in Junee for several years, was presented with a sewing machine by the pa- rents of the pupils attending the Junee Public School on the eve of her departure. The mortality among Illawarra cattle caused by excessive feeding on young planter's friend, has been brought under the notice of the Minister for Agriculture, with the result that a chemical in vestigation of the plant in various stages of growth is now being made. At Maitland Circuit Court yesterday, Mrs. An- nie Turnbull and Wm. Robt. Tweedie were found guilty of having been concerned in an illegal operation, and were remanded for sentence. An inquest was held yesterday on the body of John Samuel Richards, who died from injuries received in the explosion of the water jacket at the Great Cobar Copper Syndicate's mine on Mon- day. A verdict of accidental death was re- turned. A story is told of Mrs. Proctor in the "Cornhill." On one occasion her cousin, Aubrey de Vere, the poet, sitting opposite to her, remarked in a quiet- ly contemplative tone, tinged with soft Irish brogue, "Alice, you say very clever things some times." "Do I, Aubrey?" was the swift reply, while the humorous gleam that lit up her face seemed to acknowledge the impeachment. "Yes," the other day you were describing a terribly tire- some woman, and you finished by saying. "One day she met a ghost, and the ghost fainted!" 