|i — 11 — I THE' BEGGAR BANDITTI. I "Is the Missus at Homer I) (BY JOHN I> HUNT.) I; "What a fool Honesty Is! and Trust, his tt sworn brother, a very simple gentleman!"— W: Autolycus. , I I. ' There are beggars and beggai;s. - The beg- V gar who begs round the suburbs Is a very dif- K ferent person from the beggar who begs in the , I. pity, and the beggar who begs through the |i country differs widely from both. The two I) great alms of the three classes are the same, I' however, viz., to dodge work and drink beer. Ir And they are all frauds — unmitigated frauds Ij of the most impudent and unsightly type. Un- I! fortunately (here are some poverty-stricken, ft despalringly-aflllioted men wiio are forced by I bitter need to occasionally beg In order to H keep their families and themselves from stnr- |l:, . vntton, but needless to add I have nothing to say of these, except. Sweet Jesu, help them If all! The bitterest bread a true man can eat I Is thu bread he has to beg. Marvellous to re- |f late, there really are such' men In this fair 15 land of. peace and plenty. And, as a rule, I- those are the men who beg In vain; at least. If 1 seldom see their names 011 Patriotic Fund |f lists; neither do they found Universities, or ft even secure front seals at a new ballet. They |i are honest and sensitive; two most undeslrB ft able traits In a man who longs 'to amass . I wealth and die a millionaire, and go to |. Shool, "respected by all who knew lilni." as I . the local papers nays. | The beggar who begs In the city often as- I . sumen a business air, particularly when he |, wishes to "tap" a business man,: He may be | found bustling along a principal thorough- | fare in frantic haste to go nowhere, or staiid- | lng at a street corner, anxiously awaiting | someone who never turns up to keep his ap- | polntment. Even when the city cadger | makes his rush and attacks his mark with a | "Beg pardon, one moment, sir!" he Invariably | makes his appeal in a hurried manner, which r" suggests that If the party addressed Is wlll- | lng to oblige with a little "temporary accom- | modatlon" lie had belter do It quickly, lest | the gentleman should . miss his 'bus, or his | tram, or his train, or his boat, and so If he- | (the victim) has nothing less than half a sov. | It would be well to hand that coin over and | not trouble about the change. At other times | the bps)' bandit will stop suddenly In his | rapid walk, turn .quickly round to a stranger | (whom he lind previously "set"), and prefer | his modest request as though It were a happy thought that lmd just Hashed across his | honest breast tligt instant. No other bog- | | gar but the city beggar adopts these tactics: I but no matter — they nff get there just the I came. I « I It Is not generally known, hut it is a fact I nil the same, that there Is a sort of Brother ly liood among the Beggar Banditti of this City, I which enables the First Robber to help him- I self to a fair share of a charitable person's purse, and then pass the victim on to the Second Robber, who "lands his little whack," as It Is termed, and then hands over his I prey to the Third Robber, so that a man with a large heart and a bank account in keeping I with it. may . In time have the honour of I making the personal acquaintance of the whole gang. Here Is one frightful example— and from one judge all. A City man of business was. darting Into his office about 9 o'clock one morning, when p" hfe was stopped by a fairly presentable mnn- out-of-work- looldng person, who said, with an honest ring In his voice, "Good morning, . . Mr. D. You don't know me now, of course, hut I knew you In Newcastle during better days. I am In a desperate plight now through mo fault of my own, and I shall be very I thankful for a little help." That appeal and the reference to Newcastle (\t;liere Mr. D. was once in business) and brighter day.s brought half a crown from the pocket of the City man tp that of the City beggar as quickly as the neatest thing ever done by "Dante." Two mornings after that Mr., D. was hurrying Into his office again, when a' seedy but spilling party stepped In front, threw out hlB arpis in well-feigned surprise, and exclaimed, "What! Mr. D.l Mr. William j D„ as I'm a livln' mqnl Well, well! Only fancy meetln' yqu! Why It must be sevoiv year since we first met In ole Noocarsle! All! those were happy times! But— Now!" Here the vox huma'na stop cunta out to an andante ; doloroso air In B flat (which is equivalent to I :A sharp), and the performer turned away his head, and a sorrowful, far-off look 'Came . into his bleary eyes that would have softened the heart of a box log. Mr. D. didn't know this man at all; In fact, -he couldn't tell him from Adam If he saw the pqlr together, but he was thankful to him for turning his head away as the fellow had a breath like that of a Elaughler-house crow, and so he passed nver > another half-crown. It was a splendid per formance, but when it was played for the j. tenth time In one month Mr. D. grew tired, an pinning the. Tenth Robber against the wall, he sternly said: "Now, look here, I don't know you, and you don't know me; and'l dpn't believe you have ever been jnenrer to New castle than the Water .Police Court; hut' I'll give you a shilling If you will honestly .1 ell , who laid you on to plunder me," "Rlbuek!" was the unabashed rogue's reply, "I will. The fellow who tapped you first really did know you In Newcastle;but he's a conscientious cuss, and as he couldn't keep on aBkln' you for money every day,- he put his pals on to the lay,' and we gave him the 'office' how to 'tqp' other gentlemen we knew somethln' about, and . had borrowed a -trifle from." He was a sen sible man who, when dying, said, "There Is at least one crime that the Recording Angel can not charge against me. I never gpve a cop per to any unknown beggar In the street!" » Unlike the City cadger, the beggar who begs In (the suburbs is never in a hurry— except; of course, when there Ib a "boy In blue" at his heels, and then he can do "even time" -With any pedestrian in the land. A gentleman of this description received a fearful shock one day when he knocked at a front door in War verley, and In hlB moHt engaging tones said to the servant-maid, "Can I see the. Missus for one moment, please; it's an urgent matter, Miss." "The Missus la out just now." re plied the girl, "but the Master— Detective Goulder— Is in; Just wait a moment, and I'll call him down!" "Oh, no. don't Mies, don't do that," Implored the quaking fraud; "it don't matter at all; I'll call again to-morrer— d-d-don't disturb' Mister Goulder for the world!" And before the maid could cloBe the door the baffled bandit had shot out the front gate, and wbb tearing madly down the street as though he had been kicked by a comet, or had Just unintentionally bumped up against a ...ghost, m t There is one point about the suburban scamp which claims the admiration of all who possess a vein of humour, and that Ib, his beautiful— his sublime Impertinence. A morning call having been paid by a ragged ruffian to a cottage at Coogee, the servant handed the fellow a really good pair of trousers,' These he. held out a't arm's length by .the waistband, surveyed them critically a few moments, searched the pockets, and then handing them hack said, more In sorrow than In ' anger, "No use t' me, my girl. Better keep 'em till tlx' missus can bliy a bike and Bhow oft her flgger at a congternenta'l." Another rascal, as hideous and filthy as he was cheeky and cunning, called at a very high-toned Randwlek mansion, and Insinu atingly said, "Can I see the lady of the house for a second?" "No you can't," said the ser vant sharply, "the mistress Is engaged." "Oh', that don't make no difference, my girl," said the tramp, with a lordly wave of a rag ged arm. VI didn't come here to marry her," And he was through the gate and away be fore the maid could unchain the dog — more's the pity. He who gives to a professional beggar often defrauds one of our honest poor. 