WIIICIIDAY OF SEVEN IS THE CHRISTIAN SABBATH? Sir,-With your permission, I would like to put tihe followring facts before your readers. The seventh day for 1000 years was ob served as the day of rest. The precise iday of the week is an alter able cireumsthnce, and separate from the essence of the fourth command, and the clhangiug of it is no more against the morality of the fourth command than the change of the means of worship under the gospel is against the morality of the second. Because, neither the first part, which is mandatory, nor the last part, which is benedictory, does mention the seventh day of the week For the one saith, "Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy," and the other, "TlWherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath Day and hallowed it." Heosaith not "Be member tIhe Seventh Day," or that he blessed the seventh day, but only the Sab bath. To teach us that the seventh day in order from the creation is not in the essence of the command, but only the seventh day in number, and that the seventhl in order miglt be altered witlhont infringing the morality of the command, God did at first appoint the seventhl day in order fromn tihe creation forthe Sabbath, because it rwas thie day of God's rest from his work of creation, wherefore God would hlave men rest from their works on this day, and to remember his works. By that same authority was the day for the Sabbath changed. I. To mani fest the greatness and glory of Christ and his headshlip over the Church. II. H, would bury the seventh-day Sabbath to show that therewith he was to abrogate and bury the Levitical worship and ceremonies which were practised on that day, and the change was made to the first day of'the week, be cause on this day the Lord did rest fromn His work of redemption, which was greater than that of creation. Wheen God ga?o the ten commands creation was his greatest work, but now having wroughta greater, it was fit tie one should give plIce to the other. Thie amazing work of redemption wherein God had dis played His glorious perfections, being now finished, it was necessary that the day of God's resting from it should be cept in ever lasting remembrance. Of all days the firslt of the week was most honourable to our Redeemer, and the most joyful to thle re deemed. On thisday day Clhrist was raised froni the dead, and declared to be the Son of God wilth power; on this day our Glorious Surety was discharged of all our debt, was liberated fromn prison, and triumphed over all His and our enemies. We have good warrantin Scripture for ob serving this day as the Christiau Sabbath. The fourth command expressly obliges us to observe one day in seven as a Sabbath, and the example of Chlrist and his apostles of keeping the first day of thi week is suffioient to enter upon the unlfonn observation of it; and accordingly it has been the uninter rupted practice of tIhe Church of Christ throughout the world since tihe apostles' day to keep the first day of the week as the Christian Sabbathi-I. Because we are told this was Christ's Resurrection bDay. II. We hlave Chlrist's own example of meet ing frequently with his disciples on this day for religious work. On this day he met with his two disciples going to Emmaus, aind opened the Scriptures to them. On this day he came to the eleven, showed them his hands and his feet, and opened their under standing. On this day he came andblessed them and gave then the Holy Ghost. On his day he met them and gra oiosely convinced Thomnas, as we may see in Luke xxiv. and [ITohnlm xx. III. On this day being Pentecost, Ged sent down that extraordinary eofission of the Holy Ghost upon the Apostles and brothren, they being met together.-Acts it. IV. Upon this day the disciples usually met for Divine Worship, for preaching and hearing the Word, and for celebrating the Lord's Supper. -Acts xx., 7. V. Upan this day of the week the Apostles ordered their collections to be made for tihe poor, because of their public assemblies on it.--1 Cor., 16, 1, 2. VI. As Chlrist has put tis namee to the Sacrament of the Sutpper, calling it the Lord's Suipper, becaciso it derives its institu tion from Him, soon the same account He hath put his name on the first day of the week,- calling it the Lord's Day (Ro. 1, 10). Thus transferring the hIonour and dignity of the sevenllth day Sabbathl, on thie first day of thie week, because God on this day rested from a far greater work thlan that of creation (mintioned in the fourtlh commandant becauser tlen it was the greatest); but His work of redcmption being greater, oughlt to be remembered by all men with tlhankfulcnes, and observed as the Christian Sabbath.-I anm, &e;: ., JOHN MILLEN. "l Magna est Verltas et prevaleblt." which being interpreted Is, great Is the truth, and it will prevall: If the truth inust be told about the "Signet" Tobaccos, they are an unprecedented success, and it is impossible to say which prevails most, tlie light or the dark. 96t1 