THREE AT TABLE, COMPLETE IN THIS ISSUE | W. W. JACOBS, COPYRIGHT THE talk in the coffee- room had been of ghosts and apparitions, and nearly evcry- body present had oontributed his Vw.'-ytr® Si , ? mite to the stook of /j|| i ' Information upon urjr fi'vjffl : , a hazy and somo- TA ! what threadbaro subject, Opinions V a I ranged from- rank W Jj R inoredulltytoohlld- like faith, ono bo- \f liover going 'SO far as to denonnco un belief as impious and triumphantly quoting tlio V/itoh of Eiidor, somewhat marred by being oompliuatcd in an inexplicable fashion with the story of Jonah. "Talking of Jonah, ho said solemnly, with li happy disregard Of tho fact that ho had declined to answer soveral eager qnestions put to him on the subject, "look ut the strange tales sailors toll us." ' . . ( ,. I wouldn't adviso you. to beliovo all those," said a bluff, uleaii-shavou man, who had been listening without speaking uiuoh. " You see when a sailor gets ashoro he's ex pected to liavo soihothing to tell, and his friends would he rather disappointed If he had not." .. " It's a well known fiict," interrupted tho first speaker .firmly, " that sailors ato very prono to seo visions." "They arc," said tho other dryly, "they generally sco them iu pairs, aud the shock to tho nervous system frequently onuses hoadnoho nexc inbruing." "Yon never saw anything '..yourself.?" suggested an unbeliever.' " Man and boy," : said tlio other, " I'vo been at eoa thirty years, and tho only un pleasant iiiaidcnt of that kind ocourred in a quiet English countryside." "And that?'! said another man. " Twos a young man at tho.timo," said tho narrator, drawing lit his pipe atld gluncing good humonredly at -.tho. company. "I hild just como book from China, and, my own people being away I Went down into tho country to Invito myself to stay . with . un tinolo. When I got down to tho place I found it closed and tho. family in the south of Franco; bat as thoy woro due baAk in a couple of days I decided to pat up at tho Roy ul Goorge, a very debent -inn, and await their return. . " Tho first day I passed well ennngh ; but in tlio evening tlio dullness of the rambling old piano, in which I was tho only visitor, began to weigh upon my spirits, and tlio next morn ing uftor a late breakfast, I set out with tho intention of having a brisk day's walk. " I started off in oxeolloiit spirits, for the day was bright and frosty, with a powdering of snow ou tlie iroh-bonnd roads and nipped hedges, and tho uouutry had to', mo all tho charm of novelty. It wus certainly fiat, bat there wus. plenty Of timber, and the villages through ivhich I passed were old and pietnrcsqnc. . ' " I luiiohoil luxuriously on bread and chceso und beer in tlio bur Of a small inn, nud resolved to go a littlo further before turn ing bank. When at length I thought I had gouo far enough, 1 turned up a Juno at right uiigics to thu loud l was passing, nud resolved to find my way back by another route. It is a long laiio that lias no turning, hat this had several, each of which had turniuga of its own, whioh generally led, as' X found by try ing two or three of them, 'into tho open marshes. Then tired of lanes I resolved to rely upoti the small compass Whioh hung from my watch chain and go itoross country home. - '' "I hud got well into tho marshes when a whito fog, which bad been for Some tilno hovering . ronnd tlio edge of the ditches, began gradually to spread.'- There was lio escaping it, but by aid of my.i compass - 1 was Biived from makiug a circular tour, and foil instead into frozen ditches or stumbled over roots in tlio grass. I kept my course, how- ovor, until at four o'clook, - when night, was coming rapidly up to lend a hand to the fug, I was fain to confess myself lost. "Tho oompuss was now no good to mo, nnd I wandered about miserably, occasionally giving a shout on tho chanoo of being heara oy somo passing snepnera or turm nana. At longth by great good iuok I found my feet on a rough road driven through tho nmrshes, mid by walking slowly and tupping with my stiok managed to keop to it. £ had followed it for some distance when I heard footsteps approaching me. "Wo stopped as we met, end tlio now arrival, a sturdy-looking couutrymun, hearing of my plight, walked back with me for nearly a mile, and putting me on to a road gave me mlnuto instructions how to reach a village somo three miles distant. « I was so tired that three miles sounded like ten, and besides that, a little Way off from tho road I saw dimly a lighted window. I pointed it out, but my oompunion shuddered and looked ronnd him uneasily. " 'You won't got no good there,' he' said, hastily. " ' Why not?' I asked. '"Thoro's a something there, Bir,' ho replied, ' what 'tis I dunno, but tho little 'un belonging to a gtimokeoper as used to live in these pqrts sco it, and it was never much good afterwards. Some say as it's a poor mod thing, othors says as it'b a kind of animal ; bnt whatever it ie, it ain't good to see.' '"Well, I'll keep on, then,' I said. Good-night.' " Ho went back whistling cheerily until his footsteps died nway in the distance, . and I followed the road ho had iudioutad until it divided into three, any one of whioh to a stranger might bo said to load straight on. I. was now eold nnd tired, and having half made np my mind, walked slowly back towards the liouso. " At first all I could see of it was the littlo patch of light at the window. I made for thut until it disappeared suddonly, and I found myself wnllang into a toll hedge. I felt my way ronnd this until I came to it small pate, and opening it cautiously, walked, not without some little nervousness, up a long path whioh led to the door. There was no light and no sound from within. Half- repenting of my tomerity I shortened my stiok and knocked lightly upon the door. VI waited a couple of infinites and then knocked again, and my stiok was still boating thedoor when it opened suddenly ' and a tail bony old woman, holding a candle, confronted mo. '"What- do you want?' 'she demanded gruffiy. "I've lost my way,' I said, oivilly; «I want to got to Aahvillo.' " < Don't know it,' said the old woman. " Bhe was about to close- tho door when a man emerged from a room at the sido of tho hall and cumo towards ns. An old . man of great hoight and breadth of shoulder. - " < AshviUels fifteen miles distant,' ho said slowly. , "'If you will direct me to tho nearest village, I shall be grateful,' I remarkod. " He made no reply, butoxohanged a quiok fnrtivo glance with the woman. Sho made a gesture of dissent. " 'The nearest plaoo is three miles off,' ho said, turning to mo nnd apparently trying to Boften a naturally harsh voioe: ' if yon will givome tho pleasure of your company, I will make yon as comfortablo as I can.' "I hesitated. Thoy wore certainly aquoer looking couplo, and the gloomy hall with the shadows thrown by the candlo looked hardly more inviting tbuu the darkness outside. "You aro very kind,'. I murmured, Irresolutoly, 'but—' "Come in,' he said quickly; 'shut the door, Anne.' "Almost before I knew it I was standing inside and the old woman, muttering to her self, bad olosod tho door behind me. With a queer sonBation of being trapped I followed my host into tho room, and taking tho proffered chair warmed my frozen fingers at the fire. " 'Dinner will soon be ready,' said the old man; regarding- me closely. 'If you wlU excuse me——' . "I bbwed and he left the room. Aminnte afterwards I heard volce&j; his - and - the old>. woman's and, I fancied, u third. Before I hod finished my. inspection of tlio room lie returned, nnd regarded me with the sumo strange look I had noticed hoford. " 'There will be throb of us nt dinner,' ho Said, at length. ' Wo two aud my son.' " I bowed again, and saaredy hoped, that that looked didn't run in tlio family. " ' I suppose you don't mind dining In tho dark,' ho said, abruptly. '"Not at all,' I replied, hiding my surprise ns well ns I could, ' but rbaily I'm afraid I'm Intruding. If you'll allow me ' " Ho waved his ' huge gaunt hands. ' We're not going to lose you now wo'vo got you,' he said, with udry laugh. ' It'ssoldom we luivo company, and now wo'vo got you wo'll keep you. My son's ayes aro had, , and he can't stand the light. Au. hero is Amie.' " As he spoke the old woman entered, und. oyoing mo stealthily, began to lay the cloth, while my host, taking a chair the other side of tlio hearth, sat looking silently into the fire. Tho tahlo set, the old woniun brought in u pair of fowls ready curved in a dish, and pluoing throo ohairs left tho mum. The old man hesitated a moment, and tiien rising from his chnir placed a largo screen in front of tho fire and slowly extinguished tho candles. " 1 Dlindinau'sliolidiiv, 'lie raid, with clumsy jocosity, und groping his way to tho dour opened it. Somebody came linck into the room with him, and in li slow uncertain fashion took' a seat at tlio table, aud tho strangest voice I havo over heard broko a silenoo which wiis fust becoming oppressive. "A cold night,' it said slowly. "I replied in tho affirmative, and light or no light, fell to with un uppetito which hud only been Sharpened by tho snaok in tho middle of tho day. It was somewhat difficult eating in the dark; and it wus evident from tho behaviour of my. invisible companions that thoy wbro us unused to dining under sucli oiroumstnnces as I was. Wo" ato in silonco until tho old woman blundered into the loom with sumo sweets und put them with a crash upon tho table. '"Aro yon a Btranger about horo?' in quired the ourious voice again. " I replied in tlio affirmative, uud murmured something about my luok . in stumbling upon snch a good dinner. . " ' Stumbling is a very good word for it,' said the voids grimly, 'you havo forgotten the port, father.' '"So I have,' said the old man, rising. ' It's a bottle of tho " Celebrated" to-day ; I will get it myself.' " Ho felt his way to the door and closing it behind him. left me alone with ray unseen ueighbour. ' There was somothing so straDgo about tho whole busiuess that I must confess to more than a slight feeling of uneasiness. " Mv host seemed to be absent a long time. I lienra the man opposito lily down bis fork and spoon, and halt-fanaicd I could see a pair of wild oyes, shining through the gloom like a cat's. "With a growing senso of uneasiness I pushed my chair back. It caught the hearth- rag, and in my efforts to disentangle it tbo screen fell uvur with a crash, uud in tho dickering light of the firo I saw tho face of the creature opposite. With a sharp catch of my brcntli I left my chair and stood with olenohed fists beside it. Man or beast, which wus it ? Tho fiurao leaped up and then wont out, and iu tho mere rod glow of tho lire it looked mora devilish than before. "For a fow moments wo regarded caoh other in silence ; then tho door oponod and tho old man returned. Ho stood "aghast as bo oaw the warm firelight, und then approach ing ihe table mecliunioally put down a couplo of bottles. '"I beg your pardon,' snid L reassured by his presence, ' but I have accidentally over turned tho screen. Allow mo to roplnco it.' " ' No,' said the old man gently, ' let it he. Wo have had enough of tho dark. I'll give you a light.' "He struck a match and slowly lit tho candles. Then I saw that tho man opposite had lint tho remnant of a face, a gaunt, wolfiBh face, in whioh ono uuquonobad eye tho sole remaining feature, still glittered. I was greatly moved, some suspioion of tho truth occurring to me. " 'My son was injured some years ago in a burning house,' said tho old man. ' Slnco then wo have lived a very retired life. When you oame to the door wo ' bis voioo trembled, ' that is— my son— ' " ' I thought, ' snid tho son simply, ' that it would he bettor forme nottoaome to the dinner-table. But it happens to bo my birthday, and my father would not hear of my dining alone, - so we bit upon this foolish plan of dining in tbo dark. I'm sorry- I startled yon.' " 1 1 am sorry,' said I, aa I reached across tho table und gripped liis hand, ' that I am such a fool ; hut it was only in the dark that you startled me.' ' ' From a faint tinge in the old man's cheek and a certain pleasant softeuing of the poor solitary oye in front of mo I secretly con gratulated myself upon this lost remark, "We novor see a friend,' said the old man, apologotioally, ' und the temptation to havo company was too muoh for us. Besides, I don't know what else you could have dono.' "' Nothing else half so good, I'm sure,' said I. "'Come,' said my host, with almost a sprightly air. ' Now we know each other, draw your chairs to tho firo, and let's kesp this birthday in a proper fashion.' " He diow a small table to tho fire for tho glasses and prodnood a box of aigure, nnd plaoing u chair for tho old servant, sternly bade her to sit down and drink. If the talk was not sparkling, it did not lack for vivaoity, and wo were soon as merry a party ub I have ever soon. The night wore on so rapidly tliat we could hardly beliovo our oars when in a lull in tho conversation a clock in tho boll struok twelve. " 'A last toast' before wo retire,' said my host, pitching the end of hie cigar into the firo and tnming to the small table. "We hud drunk soveral before this, but thore was something, impressive ip the old man's manner as he rose and took up his glass. His tall figure seemed to get tailor, und his voice rung ub ho gazed proudly at his disfigured son. ' ' ' The . health of the children my hoy saved ?' he said, and drained bis glass at a draught." 