ITIie Mystery of Barney O'Rourke, ( From the Annals of a Haunted House.) A very irritating thing 1ms happened. My hired man, a certain Barney O'Rourke, a citizen of much political influence, a good gardener, and, accordiug to his lights, a gen tleman, has got very much the best of me, and all becauso of certain effusions which from time to time have emanated from my pea. It is not often that ono's literary chickens como home to roost in such a vengeful fashion ns some of mine havo recently done, and I havo ho doubt that as this story progresses ho who reads will find much sympathy for me rising up in his breast. ?In the lattor part of last July, expecting a mpoting of friends at my house in connection with a question of tho good government of the city in which I honestly try to pay my taxes, I ordered one hundred cigars to be delivered at my residence. I ordered several other things at tho samo time, but they havo nothing whatever to do with this story, because they were all — every single bottle of them — consumed at the meeting ; but of the eigars, about which tho strango facts of my story cluster, at the closo of tho meeting a goodly two dozen remained. This is surpris ing, considering that thero word quito six of us present, but it is true. Twenty- four by !ictual count remained whon tho last guest left mo, Tho noxt morning I and my family took our departure for a month's rest in the mountains. In the hurry ' of leaving home, and tho worry of looking after three children and four times as many trunks, I peglected to include tho cigars in my impedimenta, leaving them in tho opened box upon my library table. It was caroloss of me, no doubt, but it was an important incident, as tho sequel shows. Tho incidents of tho stay in tho hills wero commonplace, but during my absenco from homo strango things wero going on thoro, as I learned upon my re turn. ' ? Tho placo had been left in chai'go of Barney O'Rourke, who, upon my arrival, assured mo that everything was all right, and I tlienkcd and paid him. 'Wait a minute, Barnoy,' I said, ns ho ?turned to loavo mo ; ' I'vo got a cigar for you.' I may montion incidentally that in the past I had kept Barney on very good terms with his work by treating him in a friendly, sociable way, but, to my great surprise upon this occasion ho declined advances. His faco flushed vory rod as ho observed that ho had givon up smoking. ' Woll, wait a minute, anyhow,' said I. ' Thoro are ono or two things I want to speak to you abont.' And I wont to tho table to got, a cigar for myself. Tho box was ompty. Instantly tho suspicion which has doubtloss flashed through tho mind of the reader flashed through my own — Barnoy had boon tempted, and had fallen. I recalled his blush, and on tho moment realised that in all my vast exporionco of hired men in tho past I had novor- seen ono blush boforo. Tho case was cloari My cigars had gone to help Barney through tho hot summer. 'Woll, I deolaro !' I criod, turning sud denly upon him. ' I loft a lot of cigars hero whon I wont away, Barnoy.' 'Iknowyo did, sorr,' said Barney, who had now grown whito and rigid. ' I saw thorn mosolf, sorr. Thoro woro twinty-foor of 'om,' 'You counted them, 0I1?' I asked, with an olovation of my oyobrows which to thoso who know mo convoys tho idoa of suspicion. ' I did, sorr. In your absenco I was responsible for ovoryt'ing horo, and tho mnvnin' vo wiufc a waa I took a ouick in mitory, sorr, of tho romovoablos,' . I10 insworod, fingoring his cap norvously. ' That's low it was, sorr, and tliim twinty-foor logyars was lyin' thoro in tho box forninst mo -yos.' ' And how do you account for tho removal )f theso removables, aB you call thom, Barnoy?' I asked, looking coldly at him. Eo saw lio was undor suspicion, and ho tvincod, but pulled himself together in an ustant. ' I oxpectod tho quostion, sorr,' ho said, mimly, ' and I havo mo answor roady. Thim jogyavs was shmokod, sorr.' .. ' Doubtless,' said I, with an ill-suppressed moor. ' And by whom? Cats?' I addocl, with a contemptuous shrug of my shoulders. His answor overpowered mo, it, was so simplo, direct, and unexpected. ' Shpooks,' ho replied, laconically. I gasped in astonishment, and sat down. My lcnoos simply collapsed undor mo, and I oould no moro havo oontinued to stand up than fly. ' What ?' I cried, aB soon as I had rocov orod sufiioiontly to gasp out tho word. ' Shpooks,' replied Barnoy., ' Ut camo about liko this, sorr. It was tho Froiday two walcoB afthor yon loft, I booamo un'asy loiko about noino o'olook in tho avonin', and I t'ought I'd oomo around horo and soo if ovory t'ing was shtraiglit, . Mo wifo says its foolish of mo, sorr, and I soz maybe so, but I can't got ut out o' mo hoad thot somethin'gs wrong. ' 1 Yo lookod overyt'ing up safo whin yo loft' P' soz sho. ' ' I always doos,' 6oz I. ' ' Thin ut's a phwim,' soz sho, ''No,' soz 1. 'Ut's a sinsation. It ut was a phwim, ut 'd youso as would hov' it ;' that's what I soz, sovaroly loiko, sorr, and out I sli tarts. It was tin o'olook whin I gat horo. Tho noight was dark and blowiu' loiko Maroh, rainin' and t'undorin' till yo couldn't hoar yourself 'fink. 'I -walked down tho walk, sorr; an' barriu' tho t'undor ovoryt'ing was quiot. I troid tho duros. All toighfc as a politician. Shtill, finks I, I'll go insoido. Quiot as a lamb ut was, sorr ; but on a Buddont, as I was about to go baok homo again, I slimolt slimoko !' ' Firo P' I criod oxoitodly. ' I said slimoko, sorr,' said Barnoy, whoso calmness wns now boautiful to look upon, I10 was so soronoly confident of his position. ' ' Doesn't smoko involve a firo P' I demanded. ? ? ' Souiotimoa, ' said Bnrnoy. 'I fought yo mount a oonflagrasliun, sorr Tho slimoko I slimolt was sogyars.' 'Ah,' I obaorvod. 'I'am glad you aro ooming to tho point, Go ou. Thoro ia a difforonoo.' ' Thoro ia thot,' Bnid Barney, pleasantly, as ho wnq gotting along bo swimmingly. ' This shmoko, as I say, was sogyar slimoko, so I gropos mo way oautious loiko up tlio baolc stairs and listens by the library dui'o. As quiot as ft lamb, - Thin, bold loiko, I slitops into tho room, and nearly drops wid the shoaro I have on me in a minute. The room was as dark as a b'aver hat, sorr, but in different shpots ranged round in the chairs was six little red balls of foire,' 'Barney!' I cried. ' Thrno, sorr,' said he. ' And tobacky shmoke rollin' out till you'd a t'onght there was a fire in a scgyar-store ! Ut queered me, sorr, for a minute, and me impulso is to run ; but I gets me courage up, springs across tho room, touches the electhric button, an bzt! every gas-jet on the flu re loights up!' I ' That was rash, Barney,' I put in, sarcastically. ' It was in your inthcrest, sorr,' said lie impressively. ' And you saw what ?' I queried, growing very impatient. ' What I hope niver to see again, sorr,' said Barney, compressing his lips solemnly. ' Six impty chairs, sorr, wid six segyars as hoigh up from tho fiure as a man's mouf, puffin, and a-blowin' out slimoke loike a chimbley ! An' ivery oncet in a whoilo the segynrs would go down kind of an' be tapped loike ae if wid a finger of a shmokor, and tho nshes would fall off onto tho fiure!' ' Well P' said I, ' Go 011. What next?' ' I wanted to run nwaa, sor, but I shtood rutted to tho shpot wid th' surproi.se I had on me, until foinally ivery sogyar was burnt to a shtub and trun into the foireplnce, whoro I found 'em when I camo to clane up, provin' ut wasn't ony dhramo I'd been havin'.' I. arose from my chair aud paced the room for two or three minutes, wonderincr what I could say. Of course the man was lying, I thought. Then I pulled myself togothor. ' Barney,' I said, severely, ' what's the uso? Do you expect me to believe any such cock and-bull story as that ?' ' No, sorr,' said he. ' But thim's tho facts.' ' ' Do you mean to say that this houso of mine is liauntod ?' I criod. ' I don't know,' said -Barney, quietly. ' I didn't fink so before.' ' Before P Before what ? When ?' I nskod. ' Whin you was writin' slitories about ut, sorr, said Barney, respectfully. ' You'vohnd a black horso-linir sofy turn whito in a singlo noight, sorr, for the soight of horror ut's witnessed. You've had the hair of your own head shtand on ind loike tinpemiy nails at what you've seen hero in this very room, yoursolf, sorr. You'vo had ghosts cloin' all sorts of t'ings in tho slitories you'vo beon writin' for years, and you'vo always sworo thoy whb thruo, sorr. I didn'tbelievo 'em whon I read 'em, but whin I seo thim segyars bein' slimoked up bofore mo eyes by invisible t'ings, I soz to raoself, sez I, tho boss ain't such a dommed loiar afthor all. I'vo follyd your writin', sorr, vory caroful and closo loike ; I don't soo how, afthor tho talcs you've told about your own experiences right horo, you can say , consistently that this wan o' mine ain't so P' ' But why, Barney,' I asked, to confuse him, ' whon a thing liko this happened, didn't you write aud tell me ?' Barnoy chuckled as only ono of his speoios can cliucklo. ' Wroito an' toll ye?' ho cried. 'Begorry, sorr, if I could wroito at all at all, ut's not you oi'd bo wroitin' that tale to, but to tho iditor of tho paper that you wroito for. A tale loiko that is wort' tin dollars to any man, especially if ut's tlirue, But I uovor loarnod tho art!' And with that Barnoy left mo ovorwholmod. Subsequently I gavo him tho ton dollars which I think his story is worth, but I must confoss that I am in a dilomma, Aftor what I havo said about my supernatural guests, I cannot discliargo Barney for lying, but I'll bo blest if I can quite boliovo that his story is accurate in ovory rospoct, If thoro should liappon to bo among tho rondors of this talo any who havo mado a sufiioiontly closo study of tho habits of hired mon and ghosts to bo able to shod any light upon tho situation, nothing would ploaso mo moro than to hear from thom. I may add, in closflig, that Barnoy has rosumed smoking. — John Kendrick Bangs, in Harper's Weekly, ? ? 