Local and General Cue wore rather a lively appearance in the early part of last Sunday afternoon . The footballers were starling in drags in one di. lection for Day Dawn; and from the other end of the s'.ieet a ' hare and hounds" run was getting off the mark tor a spin out to Garden Well: The Hares were Svmcns artd Eustace Lane, the latter a regular Nimrod among sportsmen up this way, fresh from a successful 20 mile chase after a donkey (end ing in a kill) the previous afternoon. The hounds were ten in number, and a workman like lot at that — someone observed that it only needed Tom the Rager in Salvationist's coat and on camel back to add the neces sary touch of picturesqueness to the scene. One or two of their nags wouldn't ans. wer tliur helms very well; and the flag had hardly fallen before one rider executed a strategic motenlent fterii the Saddle to the grouud, but the whole lot were finally de spatched in good order. The pace; we understand; was a regular cracker from start to finish, but the hares managed to keep their advantage; and reached Garden Well well .ahead of their pursuers alter a most enjoyable rufc. Now there" is Soitifc talk of forming a polo cjub, if sufficient enthusiasts and ponies cau be foiind. Some surprise is being expressed in Aus tralia that only five of the team which toured Australia in '9-'qS u'fcder Stoddart have been juiged good euougfi to find places in an All England Eleven, ir.ore particularly as Stod dart s team ranks as almost the best that ever left England. Even with due allowance for the fact that twelve months is sufficient to mat the best cricketing reputation, the selec tion! of the All England Elven only bears out the contention that no thoroughly represents- Lve team ever left England for Australia in the same Way as an Australian Eleven (at home) is thoroughly representative of Australia. In this country there is the keenest competi tion to make the trip1 " down under," and the player who would decline the proffered honor has not been seen, of late yeafs; at all events. (Probably Moses was the crnly than in the first flight of Australian cricket Who never played for Australia at home). Rut when a Stoddart, starts to get a team together to take across the line, he is lucky if he can get two- thirds of the men he wants. Premier Forrest has beeu adroitly balancing himself on a fence over the Federation racket for some time past and his latest announce ment, viz., that he declines to take command of the -Mathesonian forces and refuses to pay cut any din-music till the proper time, may be takeri at a pretty good sign that he intends to range himself in the ranks of the Ami- Feds. It is rather difficult to see how he could do otherwise'. Most, if hot all, of his Cabinet are avowedly hostile to . the move ment. The men of Bunbury have expressed their determination to die in the last ditch, so to speak, before they vole in favor of the ... . ti. _ h . i. _ umun. j. iic rei m iricbh mc man Hackett — the DaviJ Sy"me of Wtstralia — are equally pronounced. Hardly a member who sits for a coastal or agricultural electorate, barring a lew Perth M's P. and the Geraldton representative, has nailed his colors to the Federation mast. Ur.dr the cirenmstxMc'es it seems extremely unlikely that tiie Enabling Bill will ever get beyond the Assembly, or that W.A. will attain to the dignity of eker cising the referendum iu the year of grace Sub-InspecXoY 'Ofine, who has been absent from -Cue for seven weeks in attendance upon the Governor, relumed home on Tuesday. His Ex., we learn, expressed the most complete satisfaction with the way in which the inspector carried out all the ar- rangements for the long and tedious trip. Mr. Orhie returned from Menzies through East Murchison. He remarked a striking difference between the difference of the country through which he returned, where little or no rain has fallen, and that in the neighborhood of Nannine, Peak Hill and Lake Way. Between Nannine and Lake Way, and Up to 50 of 60 miles south of the latter centre, the country Was looking splendid, the grass being luxuriant and plentiful. Be yond this point, however, the summer rains did not appear to have fallen in suffirieut quantity to make much impression, Dr Ramsey, late R M O. cf Cue (says a gossipy writer in Oeraldton Express) is now established in the place of his birth, P.ahran, a suburb of Melbourne. Br Ramsey made an attempt about six years ago to gain a fooling in the same spot, but on the opening up of the W.A. goldfields he came thitherwards. In Prahran the name of Ramsey is quite an historical one, the young medico's father having practised there for the better part of a third of a century. The old man was a pro nounced harum-scarum in his youth, and scandalised respectable society by his dare-devil exploits. He once played a very prominent part in a certain ghost- walking episode, and on one or two occasions his pranks brought him almost within the clutch of the law. In later years he steadied down considerably. Indeed he became, as far as his professional life would allow him, almost a recluse. He spoke with a marked Scotch accent, and his manner was uniformly brusque. He had an immense practice, and was beloved — no other word can express it — by his patients. Perth Sunday Tunes reckons tint the Peak Hiil Goldfields Limited is in an ugly posi- : tion, with the cream skimmed off the top and only the milk left fur the share holders. The purchase lrorn Tom Meehan of five sixteenths, of the Polar Star and North Star leases, has placed the company in a peculiarly awkward position, declares our contemporary. The article concludes : — " The whole of the auriferous deposit is underlying to the west, that is into the North Star and Polar Star. And as the claims to the east ward are pretty nearly worked out, it becomes imperatively necessary to acquire these in terests to give the company an opportunity of working profitably. The position is rendered still more serious by Mr. Llovd havirg pur- chased on behalf of English capitalists, who are likely to squeeze the company like an orange before they Jet go their grip. In cveiy way it is a pretty kettle of fish, which must form anything but a deiectable dish for those who have placed their money in the com- pany'scare. Dividends ate impossible until this matteris squared, and it looks about as easy at present to square the circle as to square Lloyd and his principals." In the report of this week's council meeting ' it is stated that the tender of Little an i M Inhes (£55) for planting and railing in 50 pepper trees was accepted by the council. This was what happened on Wednesday night » i but subsequently a discovery was made which led to a special meeting being convened yes terday rtiorning. It was found out that two more tenders, besides the four originally re ceived, had been placed in the box at the Council Chambers, but had been accidentally overlooked when the box was opened. The two tenders iu question were from R. Leve rs (462 to.) and West (C52 tos ). the last tender, as will be seen, being £2 10s. lower than the one previously accepted. The fact placed the coundl in rather an awkward position, but the difficulty was satisfactorily solved by Messrs Little and M'lnnes gener ously and considera'ely withdrawing their tender in favor of West's. The council, con sequently; had nothing more to do than to accept the 52 ios. offer, and at the same time convey their thanks to Messrs Little and M'lnnes for the handsotae way in which the latter had behaved. Diy E)awn is to have more police protec tion, and some new goods in that line. P.c- Walker has ifeeri transferred to Perth— at his his own request. Two constables .are to he stationed at the Dawn for the future. P.c.'s Warnecke and Mitchell, both of whom hail from down Perth way. Up till the last six months there have always been at least two constables at Day Dawn, and considering the large district under their charge, including the Island gfid Mainland, the number can hardly be regarded as excessive. The "cut - ling-dowii " policy of the Government, ap plied as far as possible to every department, was responsible for the change; arid the pre sent reversion to the old order of things is a step in the right direction. Our Nannine correspondent writes : — There is ho teacher at the Government school yet. and consequently the children are running wild all over the town and forgetting every thing tkey ever learned, The reason that no one has been found to accept the appoint-: ment is probably becafise the salary (sic) is a good deal less than what a charcoal burner cam earn. . . The new cerneteiy board will shortly be gazetted, and it is td bd h >ped that the appointment will mark an improve ment in the present unsatisfactory state of affairs. As for the graves on the roadway, if Government promises are reliable,. some thing should Be done. . " , An elderly- man named Richard Bennett died in the hospital last week from heart disease; No business men are better known at Peak Hill than Messrs. Auld arid Francisco, who purchased their present thriving business from the firm of Harney and O'Halloran some j three years ago, Of Mr. Francisco, indeed, it , may be said that there is hardly a public movement or enterprise in the northern township with which he is not prominently identified and associated. . He is chairrrian of the Roads Board and the Hospital Com mittee, and a member of almost every com mittee at the Peak. There is no keener sportsman, either, as is indicated by the fact that he has been judge and treasurer of llie locai race c:uu ior 111c nisi mree yeajs. atiu is also president of the Peak Hill Football Club. The two partners were the first people, to show their confidence in Yhe future of the Peak by erecting a stone building there, and their foresight and enterprise lias beeu amply justified by the march of events. A few months ago Mr. Francisco was gazetted a justice of the peace, and the appointment was received with universal approval. The firm notify in our advertising columns tfia't they have made extensive improvements in ilieir Enright-sireet premises, and that they will guarantee the public every satisfaction in butchery, bakery and storckeepiag line. Everyone will lie glad to hear that Mrs. Moloney, the charming hostess of the Cue Hotel, is out of lrosriital and convalesren'. Mrs. Moloney fiak almost recovered from her severe illness, arid goes down to the seaside next week for a eh'ange "of scene. Probably there is no more universal favourite iu Cue than the lady in question, and it is little won der that her husband Was besieged by anxious enquirers dt one period during her illness. A couple of rather noticeable waggons and teams passed through Austirt-street rine after noon at the beginning of the week and headed away to northwards. The vehicles were loaded sky-high with mining machinery, in course of transit to Lake Way. The mo- live power consisted of a score of donkeys to each leant, who pulled away manfully at their loads, although the rate of progress was of; the snail-like oidc-r. H tw long it would take the little fellows to reach their destination was a matter which provoked seme specula tion. There pre not many methods of ani mal locomotion that have not been utilised, at one time or another, 011 the Murchison. in the early days we Tee encountered- something in the nature of a custermonger's cart upon tlie old MulleWa road, drawn by five men. who were harnessed to the shafts by an in genious netwotk of old roprS. The Cue Police Court was occupied yester day morning over a case of alleged larceny. Frederick Bcllchambers, of Stake Well, was charged with having stolen, on May 31. a waggon and three horses, the property of Carl Johansson. Mr. Co vie appeared for the pro secution and Mr. P..!frevmj:i for the accused. Johanssen deji-»srd that lie hid bought five horses from Bellchatnoen on the time pay ment system, so to speak, that he had paid thereon £75 out of \ and that on the d .te in question Bedchambers hal arbitrarily seized his waggon and three horses In cross- examination, however, the prosecutor admit ted that some of the horses had died, that the full amount he had agreed to pay was AI2, that he had covenanted to pay £iS per month, and finally that he was. iii a way, working for wages for Bellchamhers with the understanding that the latter was to pay the accounts of certain Nannine tradesmen. The R.M. dismissed the case. 