THE GHOST OF B COMPANY A 'CORPORAL’S TARN. • “ The immorality of ghostes,” said the corporal in charge of the squad, has “Immortality,” suggested the too-fresh; recruit. “Shut your face, sir! I said immorality and immorality itds! Get out there and, hustle some wood for the fire—you and your immortality. I was saying, when that would-be colleger opened his. baby face, that the im-mor-al-ity of ghostses is curious—they’re as fond of the wee men after death as before. You read the books and see if the spooks ain’t/ back because of a woman half the time* There was Reddy Rodd, as was struck bn Lucy Kleinhart, in B Company. He was after her every day when he was alive, and do you think he let her alone after he was spot? No;; lie ha’nted "When was that, cbrp’ral?” ' ; ./ \- tell you when Mr jimniie Fresh has stirred'tlie fire, for yer souls’ll freeze before I’m done.j ’Twas la-ong back, when I was fresh myself, and prided myself that I knew more than my supe riors. So ‘twas lo-ong'back, when my face was pink like a b&Sy;’si.vand*-’ my mouth was open with.no cause, and my Conceit——” .i J'.> ‘ “‘Try my -tobacco, - corporal,. ad,” cried the- recruit, hurriedly.- • *. -“We-ell,” said the non-com., filling, his pipe and forgiving the recruit. “It was. a boy I, was, and Reddy Rodd was to: me what I am now to you, young fellow, a father and protector, and,-'when it was needed, a castigator. “There’s no girls in the army now like the girl Lucy Kleinhart was. Lucy’s dad, old Kleinhart, was a war man, but only a private, ’cause of beer. There was another corp’ril in the company, and his name was Meigs. Meigs and Rodd had joned together, an’ been. promoted almost simul—simult—” “Simultaneously,” said the recruit. “Shut your face,” yelled the corporal “You’re not a dictionary, are you? Fetch some more wood. They was promoted almost together. They was thick as ever, was them two, bunkies, till each got his narrow stripe. Lucy was a short frocked . girl at '■ the post school when the First joined but in a year or two says Reddy Rodd to Meigs at a hop — ‘ That there girl of Kleinhart’s grown up immense* he says. ‘She’s big enough for a corp’ril to dance with,’ he says. So he danced with her, and then Meigs he danced with her, an’ them eyes they just struck both of ’em like Mauser bullets, so they did So ’twas soon, when Reddy Rodd was in structing of me in the antelope shooting one day out by our two selves on leave, says he—‘You’re a sensible boy,’ he says. ‘ Look at me fair,’ he says. ‘ Am I not a fine build of a man?” he says' In tr.uth he was, and I told him so—poor old Reddy. ‘You’re a sensible boy, and can keep a tight upper lip,’ says he, ‘so tell me straight—-d’ye think Lucy Klein hart would have me.’ An’ I told him to go in and win. I s’pose it eased him like to get an opinion on his case, like when you haye a touch of malaria. -He asked her, and the very same night Meigs, he asked her, and there it was. They was both fine, smart men, and bound to rise in the army, and Lucy she didn’t know which to take and kept a-playin’ with them, till they was worried and sick and wouldn’t talk more than civil—them as had been so tpick. ... “Ye mind the year or two after the Custer massacre? Well, we was busy them days; ’76 was busy times, but the '7S campaign was lively, too'. We ' was through it, an’ of course the weemen an’ girls- was left at the post. One night we was in' camp at a. bend in a far permanent . camp, good lot—-gviej,-^-r-wJ reds', we knew;' -hasn’t very faf^rLwlS* • ’cause we’d seen ’em spyin’ on us from the, bluffs, but they weren’t in force. What there was we thought was on t’other side the creek, an’ the pickets had orders to challenge but once, and then fire if they sighted anything queer near their post, for a daring devil had knifed a septry not long ago, without him hay ing a chance to call out or give the alarm. Them young Injuns was always looking out for a chance to distinguish them selves in that there kind of way. “Reddy' Rodd was a corporal of the guard that night, but was taken sick, and Meigs was detained to relieve him. Meigs went on just in time to post a re lief, and Reddy went back to his tent, stripped and lay down, but his sickness would not let him rest, and he was up and down. Well, Meigs—he was a care ful man on duty—he wasn’t satisfied with posting his relief, but, after he’d given the last sentry his orders pretty far out' of camp, he says to the fellows re lieved; ‘Wait where you are a minute,’, says he; ‘there’s been whisky in camp this day, and there’s whisky-boozing go ing, on to-night outside camp, and I’m darned,’ he says, ‘if I don’t nail ’em.’ For it was no time for the boys to be drinkin’, with Injuns around. Off goes Meigs, all alone, to a little gully, which was the place he meant. Next thing there was a shot and a yell and a cry from the cor poral for the guard to come up. “Meigs was cool, but the whole camp was roused. “I got somethin’ better than I expected,’ says Meigs to the officer of the day. ‘No whisky, but another sneaking Injun looking for a careless picket to knife.’ So he goes with the 'officer and the guard to a huddled-up figure in a blanket they could hardly see because of the black night. ‘A good shot,’ says the officer of the day, ‘very good, corp’ril,’ he says, and strikes a match, and back he jumps. Good lord, corporal!’ he cries. ‘It’s Corporal Rodd.’ ■ And it was. The sickness had let him get no rest, and he’d just swung his blanket round him and slipped out of pn.rrm a bit. and met his fate. “Meigs raved, so they had to put him under guard, and the accident made the whole camp, miserable. Soon after the accident,' the-winter setting in, we were ordered back to the post, ,the campaign for us'being over, but days before that we laid old:Reddy in the': ground, with a headboard over him, so’s we might find him again, if need be. Mighty sorry we all were, for lie was a fine build of a man.r Still, we expected him to rest, and I’m thinking ghostses would have better jobs to be attending to where they’re put than coming back to their old sweethearts. That’s where their im moral-ity shows up, “Well, Meigs he was like a dumb man for a long time when he wasn’t raving, d'nd sure we thought the man would transfer to another regiment, or at least to another company than old B Com pany, but he didn’t. He stayed on, and the officers were mighty sorry for him, and the weemen petted him for shooting his old bunkie by mistake. And- Lucy Kleinhart, she was broken hearted at first, but came round, and be fore Christmas she was consoling Meigs best she knew, and then two things hap pened. Our old First Sergeant he re tired for old age, and the old man made Meigs First Sergeant—he was a good sol dier, was Meigs. Sim-ul-tan-e-ously it was announced, so it was, that Meigs was going to marry Lucy, and glad was old Kleinhart to see his daughter get so promising a man as Meigs, for he was getting to be a wreck. “Well, I mind the night when Meigs faced us at retreat with the diamond on his, chevrons, and called- the roll. He’d been pale and thin, but was pick I ingup, and that night he was .smiling. .Off he rattles the roll in fine style with no breaks, and the captain was crossing ' the parade ground from his house when Meigs steps to the end of the line. - . . “‘Ri-i-ight dress!’ says he,, sharp and loud; for he had a fine commanding voice, had Meigs. 'Steady, Front!’ and back he starts for his place to salute the captain and report the ‘company pre-' sent or accounted for.’ I-Ie didn’t get 1 there right away. Half-way he stopped and, oh, boys, you should have seen the. horror in that poor devil’s face'. 'Twas': a dead man, so it was, saving the way his lower jaw dropped down and jerked: up and dropped down and jerked-'up.;' Then he says, in a cracked, low voice—! ‘ ’Twas an accident,’ he says, and waited: a minute, as if listening to some 6ne,': and then he ups with his rifle,-: butt- to!; the front, and hits out at the; air. We were all too astonished to move. Any way, it was all over in half-a-minute. Meigs comes to himself, and when the captain arrived, though his' face was white and his voice shook, lie' saluted'all right and reported. " But- none of . us dared to-speak to, fclje new..First .-that night, and he locked" himself- in his or derly room. -. ; .“BUt he was shook,, and ’it was, Reddy Rodd we saw,’ was the whisper that night. Little Coxey, the trumpeter, soil of old Coxey of.L Company,J^Awife my neighbor in barracks, his bunk ’ next jrnine;'in.'a corner. -The little’ maiif jvds all ashakewith fear at the ghost iftririeg he heard that evening before’ tap's. *Kntr.’ ‘Bill let’s you and me double-up;’-says; he after tattoo... I was .but a, r;\w po^kie myself, and was glad of *his companV under the blankets, special-when-he p-as waked up near midnight by a howl from the orderly room, where . Meigs slept alone. We sat up arid Goxey grabbed my hand. ■ That howl, was not repeated, and after a m.inute the sergeant ia charge of barracks gets up., to the, or derly-room door and knocked and asked' if there was anything wrong.. After: a time Meigs answered — ‘Nothing, ser geant. Sorry to have disturbed you.: I guess I had a nightmare.’ “ ’Twas Reddy Rodd he ..saw again’..,i. little Coxey whispered to me. ‘Bill, do. you think it was really an accident" They were both in love with Lucy Klein, hart, weren’t they?’ ’ - “ ‘Don’t you dare even to whisper such things,’ I says, and he was still holding my hand when I got to sleep. Old Coxey' —he’s with the cavalry now, a First' Sergeant himself, and a fine -.build of a “Them young trumpeters hear every word spoken in the post, and- Coxey must have heard what I had not. Nasty things were being said about our new First Sergeant. Everybody thought that Lucy would have chosen Reddy Rodd in the end, and when the mar riage with Meigs was spoken of, the boy's said ‘accidents always made room for someone’s promotion.’ . Coxey was not the only one whispering. D Company gave a hop the night after that howl from the orderly room, and it. was a full-dress affair, and the grand march was led oc by D’s old man with . the First’s wife on his arm. Most of us went, and when the officers had gone we set in for the real dancing, and, of course, for the first waltz Meigs goes up to ask Lucy. He was like a ghbst him self, but she was as rosy and jolly .as ever. She was standing right in the middle of the room, and we made way' for Meigs to reach her, and. watched them natural like, for they were -to be married the next week—week'1 before Christmas. Up steps Meigs to within five paces, and there was no one be-? tween them. Suddenly Megs stopped short, and the sweat broke' oufc all over him, and his lower jaw dropped, arid lie jerked up and dropped down'arid jerked up, and his face was" like the face of .a' hanged man, only white.-- • Lucy was smiling at him when ;'he • Estopped, this she started' fo' go " to himT'crylin,'; ‘Are you sick?’ But he didn’t answer, and in a second Lucy; she, too, stopped stone still and the red ran from her cheeks and she shook. . “ ‘Reddy Rodd!’ she cried,; and fainted. “The fellows ran to help Her, arid some were going to catch Meigs, when he made a spring at—at something, and; began to wrestle with—with it. It lasted; a second, and he was carried out frothing at' the mouth. They carried him to.the hospital, and there he lay until the night of Christ mas Eve. ... “That broke up the dance, and there was queer talk among the fellows that night. Old Kleinhart, - he had a house in Laundress’s-row, and I tell you his neigh bours were scared the night of the dance. Lucy went into the next fit. as soon as they got her out of the last, and when she wasn’t in a fit she was lying with staring eyes, answering ‘Yes’ or ‘No,’ while she listened to—Reddy Rodd. It was Reddy Rodd, and everybody knew his ghost was in the post, and you couldn’t have got the' sergeant-major himself to cross the parade ground after dark alone.- .And Coxey and me, we was mighty glad Meigs was iri the' hospital and not in his orderly room howl ing at midnight. The hospital fellows said he was quiet enough up there and only asked to be let alone. Reddy Rodd’s ghost didn’t bother him there—’cause it was busy fixing things up with Lucy. And old Kleinhart, he says morning after the dance, Lucy wouldn’t never marry Meigs, but it was a good excuse for-the old chap to get drunk and be carried to the guard house. “Lucy was around the post in a day or two, but we didn’t know her hardly. She’d pass you without seeing you, with a face like milk. And sometimes her eyes would glare, and sometimes .she’d cry, while she. helped her mother with the washtubs. You bet no one said ‘Meigs’- to lier. But the scaringest thing about her was like it happened to me when I gave her good morning at the post-office. She began to talk to me, and all of a sudden she stop ped and her eyes was fixed and she says, faraway like, but a bit impatieht-. ‘Yes— yes—yes. You do your part; I’ll do mine. I am quite strong enough.’ She kept talk ing to herself that. way.dike, jriut Coxey and I, we guessed .that it- was RridaytRogd she-’ was a-talking to. And, min<| you, it was. Leave the fire .alone^.youi There's light enough to listerrby;-''-' t “Christmas Eve, Mother-Brewn—t mind her pies—she gave a party, she did, and she didn't want-to invite-Uricyi jjcause she feared-slie’d spoil .the fuo.sith !her queer ways, but she did, and Lucy " (Same,' and me! and Coxey, and Spud'Murphy, as died here before the real, fighiing-begun, and only one or two more. We’d heaps of fun and h bit of a dance and refreshments, so we had, and was’ feeling good, ,nnd Lucy was behaving like herself again, but she was pale. Two of the fallows got larking, and, begab, they smashed Mother Brown’s best cheeney teapot. Mother Brown took it easy—rest her old bones; they lie in what’s Oklahoma now—but Lucy. said it was a shame, so it. was, and the man who did it should be coyrt-martia'lle'd. So, for the fun of the thing, we formed a court in proper form, and Lucy was president, and ’twas me was judge-advocate,, and we divided up the rest as witnesses and mem bers of the court-. Lucy took; her seat at the table, and, eh! but her face .was white then! “Says I; 'The court being now duly formed, shall the prisoners be brought.in?’ “Lucy was sitting facing the door, the table between her and it, and between the table and the door was a good clear space. Man, you never saw such eyes as hers that night. They looked clean through the door and up the hill to the hospital, and into the hospital, .and—at-Meigs lying there on his c6t» ~" ;' [ “Mother Brown, all of a sudden, she began to tremble and moan. “ ‘What’s the matter. Loo?’ says she. ‘What are you looking at, Loo?’ . .'“■And I looked round, and the faces of the boys was worried and gray, and they was like cattle before a blizzard comes. They didn't know what to do or whether tb run or not. I was all a-shalce myself, and the palms of my hands felt cold and damp. But I says again: ‘Shall the prisoner-’ and I got no further, for Lucy looks at the door as if someone had come in, and says, in the queer, distant I voice she’d used at the post office: “ ‘Ah! you have come? Yes. He is coming now—he is almost here.’ 1 '"“There was a big fire in the stove] but now it grew chill aind chiller and cold, but for the life of us we could not speak nor I take our eyes from Lucy. And the oil | lStmps of Mother Brown they flickered and grew dim. but still there was. another light in- ■ the room, a queer, . yellowish- I blue light: Then I heard a voice in my , ear, close yet far away: | “ ‘I like you, Bill . Don’t forget me.’ . I j was freezing with fear,- but I couldn’t move. -It was -Reddy’s voice. .-"Then the door'opens and in walks—| Meigs. He was. in the nightshirt they j fiad given' him' in the ‘hospital. He’d I come sti|aighti.from his cot,-. but the. purses ! said tHey never saw him'leave.. Th4 man was half-corpse, but his eyes were glar ing. and he looked right in Lucy’s eyes .i'?. he halted before her. I wanted—we all wanted—to lay hold of him and. take him], i*rc*c-twthe- hospital,-.f>ut we:couldn’t-^jvq, were like posts driven into the ground. “ ‘You know- the charge,' said Lucy.: with them awful-eves on his. ‘Did von j kill Reddy Rodd intentionally? Are you I guilty?’" ‘ •“-Guilty!’ yelled Meigs, like a madmari. ‘Guilty, and I’d do it again for love of you.’. . I;.knew.where he’d go—putside the camp. I laid for him. as I’d laid for mqnths. yvhen.I first knew,.he loved you best. Do what you will! If the devil himself had not come from hell to give me up. I’d have married you. Now I don’t care if the whole post know;; the truth.’ Then Lucy turned to a corner where it “ ‘I am'satisfied,’ says she. “He acknow ledges it. Do what you will.’ “Then the sweat broke out again on Meigs, and his lower jaw dropped down and jerked up. and dropped down and jerked up, and he howled and howled and howled. “ ‘Again!’ he shouted. ‘In my place on the parade, and at the dance, and here!’ “And then something closed with him and threw him to the ground, and sud denly Lucy rose up and shrieked a genuine woman's shriek. “‘Part them! Part them! Take him away! Drag him off! He’s choking him! He’s killing him! Reddy! Reddjd Don’t, oh! don’t!’ “ ‘Who do you say?’ someone cried. “ ‘Reddy Rodd!’ she screamed, and fainted, and when we came to our senses the room was warm and the lamps shone, but Meigs was black in the face and cieacl.' Round the camp fire .they were properly affected, hut the recruit remarked reflec “If an Indian went out on the crawl to knife a sentry, he would hardly cumber himself with a blank-’’ "Shut vour face,” yelled the corporal, "and fetch more wood.” — "New York Sun.” 