THE GREY GHOST OF IANDEWABHE. BY llLlAN QUILLER COUCH. Au'tSior of Spanish Slaid," &e.;, &e.; CHAPTER I. Gilbert Warren nisver forgot Eleanor Hardwick as she walked into the Hares' drawing-room at Bury Hall on that memor able December.afternoon. When he came tjr> think of it afterwards he found that the afternoon was memorable only because she had walked into the Hares' drawing-room tfhen, q.nd he had looked upon her for tihe first time. Miss Hardwick'3 coming was not unex pected to Gilbert; he lhad. been present when her invitation was first .suggested by Colonel Hare to his. wife. It was Miss Hard wick herself who was unexpected; Gilbert had not known before that any one could be so beautiful. It wag about three weeks earlier that Colonel Hare had suddenly put down hi* newspaper, and, looking across the break fast taible- at his wife, had first; mentioned Miss Hardwick. "By-the-by, Maggie," he. began, "T in tended toi ask von about old Hard wick's grandchild; but it quite slipped my memory when I prot back last night." Mrs. Hare'a pleasant blue eyes looked puzzled. "Old Hard wick's grandchild she repeat ed, "I don't; remembfer." "Ob, no, my dear. I was forgetting. You inever met old Hardwick. I used 'to know him well when I was a young fellow, before we were married. He had a place down in in outlandish part of tihe world, called kandewnrne; and he used to entertain vbyally. Dear me, it must be between thirty 6nd forty years ago. ''Is 'he dead?" asked Gilbert:, who hap pened to be the only guest at Bury Hall lust then, and lhad grown interested in get Jinsr the topic forward a little. "Yes; that is whab I was coming to. I met Oollis at the club yesterday, and in talking over old times before I went to India he mentioned Lnndewarne,*and then told, me of old Hard wick's death-over a year ago. The property, he heard, went to it grandchild - the only living relation-a girl, who .'had been brought up by the old man. She must be young Kit Hardwick's child. Poor Kit!" "And wihftt were you goincr to ask me about her, dear?" suggested Mrs, Hare. "Ah! I was forgetting again. It struck me that we might- ask the child to spend Christmas with us. We shall be having a nice 'houseful, and she might enjoy it. Old Hardwick and I lost «ight of one another after I went to India, but be was more than kind to me as a youngster, and I should like to be kind to the girl in sc,me way. It must be dismal for her liv ing with some old chaperon most 'likely down in that lonely great house miles away from everywhere." "It is a masterly picture vou sketch, Colonel," laughed Gilbert. "Lonely man sion, beautiful heiress, stern female guar dian-I know Mrs. Hare's tender heart must be already yearning to comfort Miss Hardwick." Mrs. Hare laughed also. "I will write to-day, dear, ff yo.u like. But your lovely heiress i« probably a very well-eared-for girl, with plenty of friends, and no inclination to come among strangers at Christ nn'as time. I prophesy she will prefer playing Lady Bountiful among iher own retainers." "Ah, well!" sighed the Colonel, disap : pointedly, "perhaps you're right. But ask her at any rate; she can decline if she likes." , Miss Hardwick did no,t decline; she ac cepted. And Gilbert Warren, who had ex , pected an heiress perhaps pretty, but cer tainly countrified and shy, was a.mazed at the sight of the magnificent young <Jueen, ? in; costly silks and furs, who crossed the drawing-room with sweh regal grace three : weeks . later to receive her hostess's wel coiite. ' ? - ? , , , Eleanor iHarifwJok was tah ana slender, with bright brown hair, which escaoed in allifrjrtg"' little tendrils about' her brow, a complexion white as milk, with a wonderful pink on cheeks and lips, and eyes of a clear grey colour. She seemed perfect; spark ling with light, and life, arid happiness; while just the slightest suggestion of hau teur in the nose of'her head brought the word "resral" to the mind it' once. J Gilbert Warren had travelled much, tad met scores of beautiful' women, ihad ad mired, perhaps, tens, but ihe went down, metaphorically, as a ninepin before Eleanor, Hardwick as ehe looked ro,und upon berf fellow-guests and smiled and bowed as Mrs. Hare made her brief introductions. 1 After that there was a week-an Infco*i< eating week-at Bury' Hall, when Gilbert! Warren fell delirious with the fever of, love. It was a sudden and severe case, bot> even his oldest friends {fueled nothing of his extremity. He did 'his best to answer when addressed, fae believed he even carri ed on a sensible conversation, and he hoped that his instincts would keep his politeness up to a fair average: but as a matter of fact he scarcely realized the presence, or pared for the existence, of. any one but Miss Hardwick; for him there was only one per- ? son in the house-Miss Ha-rdwiek, except a shadowy hostess, who was kind 'to him. "Eig/ht and thirty, and plain," he would moan irTwardlv, as 'he assessed his advant ages and disadvantages. "Rich. But wtrat does she care for money-money made by iron, too! She is beautiful, kind, gracious^-' but a little proud; slve would scorn the 'iron.' And she has certainly grown, a little colder to me lately." So at times he lash ed himself, and suffered. >'? On the night of the big dance, whlcfb was to wind up the .fortnight's festivities at Bury Ilall, Gilbert stood in the doorway of the temporary ballroom, and watched "Miss Hardwick as slic danced a quadrille frith Colonel Hare. Gilber't himself had danced with her twice-wild, joyful moments, gone through by him with a throbbing heart, an impas^. sive face, and a few conventional woraff and he hoped to claim a. third dance when this quadrille should be over. Three waltzes with the queen of the night was no> bad fchare, he admitted, and in gratitude (he had done good general service in the ballroom throughout the rest of the evening. Now, however, he claimed a few moment's rest to think, and to look forward 'to the blissful minutes before him. Eleanor Hardwick was looking her best. She was wearing a gown of white and sil* ver brocade, with edgings of swansdown, whidh lay softly against her fair neck and arms. She never wore jewels. Gilbert had noted that fact with some surprise. She was regal witihout regalia. "Rh© would never condescend to me," he decided mournfully, as he followed her lovely face with his passionate eyes, and noted the glances of admiration it drew from ever}' one. "She might hav*. the choice of a dozen titles this very night for her acceptance. And I have failed tb win1 even her initereist. My lineage will not bear comparison with the others; and my money is nothing to hpr." The last no'tes of the quadrn.e came to a crashing finale, and Gilbert went forwavd eagerly to claim his divinity; he knew the colonel would be kind enough to forego the few minutes with his brilliant partner which,he might rightly claim. "The next dance is our?, Miss Hardwlcfc,'" eaid Gilbert, pleadingly. She smiled in answer, then looked at the colonel; 'the colonel smiled ruefully, then bowed, and resigned his partner to Gilbert's care. "Shall we go into the conservatory?" he asked. "Ah, yes, that will be cooler," she sighed. "Every one else seems to prefer the stairs," she added, with a laughing upward glance at the staircase. "Another reason for our choosing the conservatory," he ventured boldly. When they reached the flower-scented re treat it was quite deserted, and Gilbert, with an inward thanksgiving, led his part ner to a deep basket eh ait, then sank into another chair beside her. "The last night," she said, slowly, almost as if speaking to herself. "I can scarcely, believe it." "I dare not trust myself to believe it," he sand, impulsively. She turned quickly to look at him. He bit his lip. "To-morrow," she continued, "I leave this happiness, brilliance, gaiety.' "You speak ?* though you turned your back upon all.'pleasure, and went into soli* tudfe" he objected. "Well," she rejoined, '"what do ^oa con* tider I go to?" "Ah," he said, quickly', "J forgot fchaS your home is lonely/anct far off. It is hard to realize. Yon look SO77S0 different. One would always picture you in 'the midst of Jife and brilliant society." She laughed^ but it was not a happy laugh this time* He longed to take her in his arms and be* seech her never to leave him for that lonely home. Instead, he forced himself to speak: lightly. "I suppose, in spite of tihe distance at which your home lies, you have friends. ?.nd 'denaniba, and merry-makings, and, sure ly, a ghost?" "I have at least the ghost," she said, dowly. "A real gliost of your own ?" he asked, in mock terror. He was talking feverishly ot trifles, feeling as a man who skims round a hole ii a sheet of ice, towards which he in voluntarily draws nearer. He loved her "so passionately, and it was so evident that she cared nothing for him. "What is it like?'] he persisted. "Are you afraid of it?" "It is like--" *he paused-"a grey, ' snarling wolf, which prowls about outside -and at length-comips in at the door; and , I am afraid of it," she answered, shudder ing. Then she roused herself. "Fancy talk ing of ghosts to-night! You, also, go to morrow, don't vou;" Do you go back t J such pleasant things . as ' you picture for no*?" j "I will go back to nothing pleasant," he returned, gloomily, "not even a ghost." "Oh. come!" she laughed. "Why do you tat/; this sad view of life? I fancy tihat in j reaiity you are one of the favoured few, i possessing everything needful, and most things pleasant. For instance-'leisure?" "Yes,' dolefully. "And health.'"' "Yes," still dolefully. "And gold?" '"Yes, gold!" he cried. "But gold will not ! buy even-thing. Many a time 1 have had leisure, 'health, and gold, and (have still b':en hungry." | "Hungry!" she whispered, and her eyes | dilated. Looking at her he thought s!he eeemed frightened. ; **AII -A a nrtf ?ViiriL' +<Vifi+l fli^cus things alone can make a irtan ihlappy, you who can count as your own worship, ad miration, taauty, power, a brilliant present, j and, I doubt not, a tffcill more brilliant | future V He had forgotten his surface im- ; p&ssiveness;, hia voice was eager, desperate. ' "You claim much for me, she »aid. and iher voice was a little unsteady. "Yet- if we ever meet again-you will scorn-" She faltered. Ail her brightness, her little air of hauteur, were gone from her suddenly; her head droop):d. a weariness came into Sier face, and as Gilbert looked, wondering, (two teara ran down her cheeks and splashed npoti fehe white and silver brocade. "Miss Hardwick! Eleanor!" he cried, ! clawing the little gloved. hand \yhicsh lay trembling on the armchair. "Don't you know that I love you-that-" ' I "Ah, no!" She started up, and spread her hands as if warding him off in fear. Gil-. bert rose, too, and faced her. "No," she In another moment their solitude was in- ( \radod. Light, laughter and the swish of Rtrfcen skirts drew- near. With a wonderful ] mastery over her ©motion, Miss Hardwick finished her sentence. "I think it is time we went back," she said, with a conven tional smile, laying hes trembling band on Gilbert's arm, and without another word he led 'her back to the ballroom. The next day Mhe went-from his sis'ht, from his life, it seemed to Gilbert. The other guests who were 1eif!t were enlthuaias- I tin over Miss Fardjrick's c-harma, un'tiil J the time caime for Itfieir own departure, j when tliie subject of their admiration was i forgotten in the greater importance of their ! .nigs and footwarmers. Gilbert al'one felt ! thV:t nothing could blot her out from his heart, and he turned his back on Bury Hall feeling that nothing in the world was ' worth doing, or 'seeing, or acquiring, now that Eleanor Hardwick had refused his love. 