A Poor Girl. (FOR THE 'SUNDAY TIMES'— By J. J. O'MEARA.) LOVE ! LOVE ! LOVE ! Some day a philoso fifu? pher or a lecturer will i pass this remark: H M- When mankind was created, -a great a- i F ^ » A n a r chistic I Devii threw a II'' bomb the 1 IV V ^ Garden of i 1 1 llr^'W ;|F/ S Eden- That ' yJ' B/i\ N ? -**${,&' there was a ^nce, we ad gyjl mit, as a sup ' 4-a~1 position. To preserve the peace, as well as. the Garden, it was thrown out again. Then the siege was raised. Eventually a compromise was effected, and the human race, as represented by a solitary couple, were inoculated with the lymph of Love. This was done with the distant intention cf giving tho Devil a show. Some time afterwards firearms were invented, and the art of Love was thus brought to a great state of perfection. 'Mankind in the male species then took to shooting the girls they loved,- whenever the marksmen didn't happen to be 'the other fellow. Occasionally they shot in a promiscuous fashion — that is to say, their aim was out On these oc casions, some old anon or old women, whose ?combined cp i nioas about Lo v e was 'Drat it,' were shot. They paid tne extreme penalty of being found on the premises. The bul let wasn't meant for them, but Love, being blind, due allowance must be 'made for. its-, misses. And sometimes, on second thoughts, the marksmen shot themselves. It was always on second thoughts, though. There's nothing like a humorous attempt to postpone the inevitable. Poisoning, hanging, drowning, and other aids to Love waited on the -outside ledge of hearts that were consumed or devoured, or throbbed wildly. Anything, in the shape of a throb was capable of being worked up into a tra gedy. If that original bomb had exploded, the Devil would have been a ruined man — or, rather, a ruined Personage. He's a bit above a man. Yes, Love was a great idea — for 'the Devil. If a philosopher makes the above remarks his audience will grin. The joke lies in the small boy's pinning papers to his coat tails, and, partly, in the piece of orange peel that strikes him behind the ear. If a lecturer voices 'the itheory, his auditors will think there is something in it, because ;they paid to hear it. It's on' the principle of getting a run for their money. And, 'be sides, a philosopher is always a fool until he's dead. James -Caraday and Will Durston were in love. Perchance Mary Graybee .was in fun. If so, - out of two earnest men and a fickle woman, which would you pity ? 'Mary,' said Jim Caraday, 'I love you.' It was a midsummer night. A Maoriland moon tried to look down on the' couple; But a willow- tree, planted by some remote man in the interests of Love, obstructed the luminary's view. If moons can swear, and. willow-trees chuckle, Dame- Nature must have a spice of fun on moonlight nights. 'Mary Graybee, sitting on a seat, with an arm -around the young man's neck, and looking -with unutterable affection into his eyes, said, .wjth -a charming, coolness ^and grace .... ... . . ... . . 'Jim!, Urn sorry, -but I love Will.' Then - she smiled sweetly, and waited de velopments. She was very pretty. Her eyes were like a beckoning finger. '. The young man who saw them, unless he was too mean to fall in love, must go blindly at their 'call. 'Mary was a flirt. Jim was terribly* in earnest about his heart. He put the girl's arm very gently from him. She was looking sideways at' him. It is always a delightful sensation ' for a woman to hear a man tell her he loves her. The pounce of the cat gives to it its prey. Flirts get their prey without pouncing. Steel -traps are nothing to their eyelashes. Then the cat plays with the mouse; throws it in the air, permits it to get within an ace of escaping, and every now and then gives it a crunch to remind it 'who's who.' If a oat was turned, into a flirt, it would have, to alter its wayS a lot I't must never kill; it is a clumsy tor ture that kills. Crushing a heart is not like crushing a strawberry— you must not stain, the fingers. 'Mary ! Mary !''said Jim. A simple thing to say. But it was the sound of the voice that said it. whicii lified it amongst the heroic.. A good-natured ghost Toaming about Cox's Creek that night would have held out an invisible hand for Jim to shake. Deep down' in her heart Mary laughed.. Cupid is a god. What a pity he is not a magistrate. Then 'he- might act a wiser part than shooting arrows, by 'placing the woman who doesn't mean it in a padded cell. But, aftar all, Cupid is -only a baby myth without clothes. Flirts are born, not made; and the power that let them and the' stars and tho Devil loose, has its Roasons. God being -chat power, had, we presume, a special destiny for Jim Caraday. Eise Jim Caraday would surely go to -hell. ; Will Durston was a big, affectionate fel low, always chasing Miry G:nybee about with a loving persistency. ? He, too, nad hia nights of 'Lliss under that willow-tree!J'at. Cox's Creek. His love, an honest, genuine affair, assumed the .proportion of an affec tion of the chest. It almost choked him' at times. He ( was a lover of the blurting ' variety. He was always too full for words at the critical moment— that io, of course, too full of emotion. Nothing else. Mary had only to sham tender, tell a soft lie:or two for her own enjoyment, and big Will, overcoming with difficulty the sensation at his throat, would have- to blurL out some thing. One night he blurted out this : 'I love yer, Mary.' He had gone the way of all flesh. Mary,, a flimsy, little handful of self-possession, knew she was playing with fire. Otherwise she wouldn't have played. He was actually trembling. 'Dear old boy,!' she said, sweetly, 'don't say that. I'm so sorry; but I like Jim Oaraday.' Bill hrone down. We must call him Bill now, because Will never breaks down. It is always Bill. Will is of the cute variety, and knows too much. In his case, it is always 'tho woman who breaks down. An other peculiarity about Will is his curly hair. Bill's hair always goes straight to the point, like his sentiments.' The situation in this love episode was now very curious. -Mary had told each of her lovers thait the other fellow was pre ferred. Which shows how dangerous a woman can be. Being a flirt, her motive might have been merely an enjoyment in the study qf conflicting interests, as . ap- plied to' love; or, perhaps, she wanted to see a fight; or, maybe, she intended some day 'to write a love story. Anyway, she spread desolation around her. If she walked on hearts instead of meadows, her skirt might have been likened to a circle of fire. A toleralble drought settled down in the hearts of Jim and Bill, and shrivelled up that subtle quality which, like grass running to seed, runs to good nature. Jim Caraday interviewed Bill one day. They had known each other since they went to school together. But that didn't pre vent this latter-day hatred. Jim scowled. Bill scowled. Then a quick succession of scowls followed each other. Some more scowls, and the unspo ken interview had ended. The only pity about it was that Mary was not present. A scowl should have a judge, else it is impossible' to sav who is be ins outscowkd. And thus was love' in its throes. Its sub limity would be reached later on, when hearts would bo broken like plates, or something would retire with a crack in it. Who killed Mary Graybee? Anyway, Jim Caraday v w:as' hanged for it. The strength of tho jury's verdict iay ih 'the girl's dying depositions. She was very sure of her man, and Jim himself owned up. 'The old cause,' said the judge, 'jealousy,, unrequited affection.' So Jim Caraday was hanged. And -he wa3 no sooner hanged, ?than with a scared face he sat up in bed — awake. There was no cause for alarm. Jim Caraday had been dreaming. The dream had held a peculiar fascina tion for him. He was staring blankly in front- of him yet, feeling plainly the hurt of the -rope around his neck. What para lysed his limbs now was the thought of the intense pleasure! and joy he had experienced through it all. His seinses were tingling still in rhapsodical unison. He remem bered the pride and delight with which he had 'looked upon the dead girl, and had laughed at the jury, and had joked at the judge. And now' that night of sensation, so passionate at times that he knew he must have cried out' in' his sleep; was but a foolish vanity. He cursed the futility, of a dream.. He; could not -accept 'tho reality now. Mary Graybee wa3 in love -with another man. She had told him so herself.' Grim jealousy showed him pictures on the wall, that do a young main no good. The incli nation to handle firearms — -that true lover's itch — was growing irresistible. Other men 'had dono it, why shouldn't he 1 The very Devil clapped him on the back. 'Be a man,' he said. The' unhappy lover said he would, quite forgetting that tho advice came- from ah interested party. 'Jim Caraday,' he said to himself, 'that dream is going to come' true.' He was wroug. That dream would never cc- me 'true. That dream, no — but this 1 The moon and the willow-tree were con tending again on the slop® at Cox's Creek. The shade cast by the drooping branches hid something. What wa3 it ? Jim Cara day, creeping up stealthily into the shadows, thought he knew— 'Mary' Gray hee and Will Durston, he reckoned. Trust him — he knew all about their appointment. That was what brought him there — with murder in his heart, with a revolver in his pocket, and with such a medley of diaboli cal passions in his brain that a God who loves 'the sweetness and purity in His world might strike him dead. Perhaps, that was why the Hand was withhold. Be ing in His world, He took the responsibility, Having placed him therein, .Jim Caraday became merely another name Ior a Pur pose. He was close enough now to the seat to hear any remarks that might be made. He listened, but no one remarked anything. Then he peered right at the seat. There was no one on it. He was surprised. The guilt in his heart put a weight on his limbs. He felt tired, and must sit down to think. He stumbled over a prostrate wo man. His reason was defeated now — be- wildered, and with the reaction of fear that set in, he took to his legs and raced away. In 'the morning the papers were out with the story of a romantic love tragedy. Mary Graybee was found dead— shot Two miles further down the country road Will Dur scon lay with a bullet in his head. A re volver was beside him. So under the head ing- of murder and suicide, the papers en larged on the devious course of love, quite oblivious of the still more sensational 'copy' they had missed Anyway, it was a pretty good tiling for the papers, whichever way it had gone. But in the case of Jim Caraday, the hangman would have thought he was a jolly good fellow. Will Dure ton bad gone in for se cond tbsmghts. Jim would have ? stuck to i his dream. ' Ab It was, he remarked to his | mother : 'Look here, mother, firearms tare too cheap, and fools buy anything that's cheap.' y-j Mrs. Caraday said : 'James,* love's a curse. : Pm glad that you've got too ,much sense, for that sort of 'thing.'* At which James went cut aM bought a wreath for the funeral. What puzzled Jim' Caraday was what Will Durston wanted to shoot for, anyway. Had the latter postponed the event for a few hours, he would have been puzzled the same way concerning Jim. And between the two, what' chance did Mary Graybee have ? She was a very unlucky flirt. But that was - because £he was' such a pretty flirt. For :a .pretty woman who doesn't moan it, it's. Tunning a big chance to make love to two honest fools — that is, nowadays. Pocr girl. ~ — J. J. 0' MBASA. A deserter from Ladysmitih surrendered himself a it Liverpool (Eng.) Police Court y» Giving his name as John Simpson, of Fleetwood, he said' (according 'to ifchie 'Daily Mail') he 'had deserted the Liverpool Regi ment on September 1G, tramped 189 males to Durban, and sold his kharki uniform to sotoe Kaffirs for civilian clothes, in whicih he worked his passage to England. I The presiding magistrate made an order for Simpson's escoTt to the regiment's head quarters at Warrington, and remarked, that ?he ought to be out thrashing the Boers. 