:'? Arhis RIGHTS' RSSBRBD.] -,~fEE M~IIYSTERY ,OF ILFORD .j ANCE. Ilfo?TdGfhge lies in ann untrodden valley 'in. the. heart -of England; a loely retreat. 'Sibe Mi thei'- il of 'theobird his-not been silenced by the shriek of the steam-whistle, an" w here 'tlleki'i not 'clouded, nkoorhc air fouleddWith smnokle. lA ` h'mile friomi the old Cinnge standsil aloneJ a le hoi? , h hoseniits ; ieiboairdThe tRobii Hood, sheiks of the dlii forest days. Belifid tine old inn a pathway led through a- wood to the valley of Ilfordl Giange; the old t: e"tnement was' a motley group ofbutildings, :!grey: and red; once a pious lodging,'it was still backed by the ruined town and south wall of the Priory Church. : Wes of it, a'tiny stream bubbled'down the valley, -which. banked up'to the north'of the ':":ichnrch, formed a lake, the unruffled'surface of whieh reilects the bushes that have grown riond r the bank, -the ivy-covered tower and the cloudsthat iloitlazily over the enchanted valley inakiing 'up 'a perfect picture of rural :beauty. the Grange, built of gey stone, is patched 'lier?iiid thereb itli'brick;being all overgrown 'i?ithi tailed crcepersand surmouited by tall red brick chimneys, hiboe which again tower ' "the i uins o th. old Priory Church. It was towards' the close of a bright and glorious September day ;that I pauised, after a five mile walk; in front of Ilford Grange. It wtas with strangemingled feelings that I :stood for mahy inihutes gazing at the old pile, :grim and gloomy reminiscences being fe~alled 'to my mind at its sight. Here, afteriny poor father's death; when a 'boy of seven, had I been brought from London by my uncle's solicitor. Though at enmity with both :my parents, 'upon his younger brother's decease I had been shnt for. I may hero add that a mother's tender love and care I never had known,; she having left' the world a, few weeks only after my birth. As I stood now in the gloaming, the shadows deepening around the old Grange, I recalled to mind the dark, bleak, winiter's day, when, weary of my morose end miserly relation's tyranny, I ran away, a lad of six teen. Starved and buffeted about for years at Ilford Grange. my rough life on board a West India merchant ship was far prefer able; and now,fairly well-to-do, and eight and twenty years of age, it was with wild and conflicting emotions that I stood with folded arms at the entrance gates of my uncle's residence, the old miser, who for years bad a forgotten my existence, but who now upon 1 his death bed had expressed a wish to behold once more his nephew Miles. Something I . remembered of a pretty'little girl, a niece, h the daughter of the only sister of Mark Hdn. t way. She, poor child, some seven or eight t years my junior, had been the only being It regretted leaving behind at the old Grange h that bitter winter's day when, proud and defiant, I ran away to seek a home upon the r vasty deep. There was no sign of life about d the old place,and as I sauntered up the moss- d covered and weeded pathway I beheld, as of t yore, the same air of desolation, neglect, and decay. " A miser never changes his disposition b 'any niore than the leopard his spots," I muttered, as, gaining the old porch, I gave a e tug at the bell, the clangour of which woke a up many a dismal echo about the place, , `'atnitloeismg'the y "'rookis'that wors circling overhead preparatory to seeking their nests, for the night was close at hand. For some five minutes I waited patiently a reply to my summons, and then, as I was about again h to put my hand on the bell, the massive oaken door was slowly opened, creaking and groaning on its hinges as if reluctant to admit of ingress to the stranger. An old crone, with yellow, wrinkled face and toothless nums. standing on the thres hold, winking and blinking like an old owl, t in querulous accents denmanded my business. t " I left London early this morning to paya s visit to my uncle. Mark Hanway." c " Did you ? then you might have saved t yourself a long journey; you can't see him," t said the old woman, snappishly, who, though a she had lost her teeth, I found retained her t sense of hearing. a " Can't see him ? What do 'you mean, t womnii ? .W hy, he sent for me, and as It just now informed you, I have travelled a s long distance at his request." -' That imay be,but the old man has started on a longer, journey than you have ever s made." b " I thfink?I'understand you. You mean to 0 infer that he is dead." "Yes; and as we have no accommodation n for travellers, I can't let you in. I'mn a lone e woman, and can't a-bear strangers. You'll a get a bed, I daresay, at the Robin Hood, t'other side of the wood." " Thank you, but I do dot care to cruise for that anchorage to- night. I'm here now and intend to remain. Ido not know who' or what you are, but I have come down here at the cipress desire of Uncle anway, and ''m not going to bout ship for any lone woman n who does not like strangers." Rather short-tempered and angry at the impudence of the crone. I here very coolly drove past her into the hall. Rather taken aback, as clapping her hands, screeching and yelling like a tiger-cat, she sang out, ".Reuben, Reuben! Dido, Dido!" The pair so loudly called upon starting forth from a half-open door close by me, and proving to be a burly, sandy-haired, red faced man, and a fierce, savage-looking dog; the latter wHith an angry snarl, and revealing a set of huge f.augs, linchtiing his 6ack and showing a dis position to fly at me without oany further to do or provocation. I " What's all this about? Who are you ? Gelt out of it, or I'll let Dido have at the?"' "I "' oYou'd better hold Dido.as you call him, back, or I'll put a knife in his ribs. I've dosn a tidy bit of pig-sticking in India, and i'm net going to be cowed here by a vicious dg or butillied by a clodhopper! You ask who 'i m, I ani the nephew of the owner of this hCum-, .nd I don't care who you are or that crna either; but if you don't take care and a:e net civil, I'll kick you both out of the "liOh. oh! Do'ee hear that mother?" '2"i' Let go the dog at 'imr, Reuben. Did thee e: heo' called I a crone?" cried the hag, IFirly dancing with race. ':C To my unmitigated astonishment, the scoundrel of a man, now loosing the savage Seast he had breen holding, with a loud deco moutlhed bay it sprang upon me, causing me by its weight to stagger back against the wall. [ Having snatched a broad sharp-bladed knife from my pocket a momeont hbefore, and getting a good grip of the brute by the neck, I buried the weapon up to the haft in its throat, and then exerting all my strength I hurled the dying hboast t the old woman-?' thedog and its mistrres rolling together upon the floor. Starting nso upon the amazed and confoundedReubCen,I gave the fellow one .crashing blow full between the eyes, and an other under the left ear that senet him stun aed and bleeding upon the bodies of the shrieking hag and the dead Dido. atr of the fidL i now, drawing a deep Sbreath. t.old agnce around, s?ring wildly as a 'little boy, wan faced, ragged and dirty, gliding from a distant corner, with one hand upon ihis liis and the other upraised,beckoned me to follow him, as he began to ascend a flight of stairs at the end of the haill. Paying no heed to the oaths and threats of direvengeance uttered by the bullying lout below, I at once hurried after the poor little creature, who, gliding swiftly before'me, kepit turning round to see if I were following on. Up a second flight of stairs, passing along a corridor that I remembered 'well'ih the days of old, my little pilot then began ascend ing a third -steep flight that I knew led 'to a suite of rooms seldom or ever used in my childhood's days, and that bore the reputa tion of being haunted. Passing through ,two apartments 'tha opened one into the other, the little fcllow came to a pause, and placing his tremblifng little hand upon the do;or of a third chamber, he exclaimed, in a hesitating and tiembling voice, " Laura's here!" " Laura's there, is she?" I replied,'smiling at the troubled expression thCit restd upori the poor boy's features; for though locked, I was well assured that 1 could soon burst the door open if necessary; and calling.to mind that Laura ,was t nam.e. of-my pretty playmate and cousin in the ]ong ago, I determined, without any scruple, to force ian entrance in to the room. Forthwith, and without any further to-do, I gave a bound with my shoulder against the obstacle before me; that, as I expected, tore the lock away, and landed me sprawling upon the floor of the chamber beyond. Starting to my feet, I.was now astounded at beholding a young and lovely girl, a beautiful blondle, lyingc ipon a couch; boulnd hand and foot, Whilst piled up to the ceiling, as if ready for-removal, I obser?ed a chest of drawers, tables, chairs, bird-tablcs, and wash stands, all packld one upon the other, caus ing the chamber to resemble the sale robm of an auctioneer. My first proceeding was, of course, to re lease from her bonds the weeping girl, who, in wild alarm, seizing mo by the arm, ex claimed: " What have you done with that infamous woman-and her son?" "Shown them both that I mean to be master here !" " But the dog-they will set the horrible brute upon you!" " They did that same thing, my dear girl, and I served Dido. as I used to do the wild boars; but tell me, Laura, what is the- mean ing of that strange array of'furnitdre ?" "I will tell you all--everything. But say, are you not my cousin Miles, that poor uncle was expecting ?" " Iam he; yes, Laura. And though so many years have passed since we wandereid t hand in hand about the'valley and throughl the woods, I recognised you, dear. the' moment I entered the apartment. And now tell me what villainy has been going on here ?" " Almost murder, Mites," cried my piretty relation, as she clung tremblingly and confi-: dingly to my arm. " Poor nncle Hanway died yesterday, and because old John Greys brooke and his daughter wouldn't consent to some vile proposition of theirs, the monster, Reuben Monks, and his vile old mother barricaded them up in the ghost room, and God knows what crime would have bedn carried out if you had not arrived; for my self I would have died before agreeing to the wishes of that dreidful pair.- . - " And ~iat weie those w`ishesii tir ?" "That I should consent to become the wife of the horrid son." " A very modest desire, certainly; but I'll - haze (punish) them before many hours are? over. And now to release the prisonuers. Thank God 1 arrived in time;Laura, for II believe that vile old hag and the fellow' Reuben wouldn't have hesitated at murder, or their looks belie them." Setting strenuously to work I proceeded ' to drag away the numerous articles of furni ture that' had been heaped together, and slightly aided by my cousin speedily dide closed the half-glass door that opened into the ghost room, as it was called. Here, hi the pale rays of the moon that stole through a sniall casement at the far end of this ante-room, I beheld the wan and startled faces of the old mad and his daugh ter, who had so daringly been imprisoned by the vile housekeeper, Mrs. Monks, and her son. With some difliculty getting away from my cousin, who was in fear and tlarm for my - safety, I now, leaving herwith the Greys brookes, at onchi descended to the lower part of the house I was rather surprised that I had received no further signs of revolt from the enemy,. especially a'I liad:heard from Laura of their - audacious desires and criminal proceedings.; Followed '6y 'the little boy, a waif of tlhe" adjacent village, I .inmade a thorough inspec-i tieon' of the prem~es, and at last was pretty' well convinced that the mother and her hope ful son had vacated the premises. - Returning to my anxious cousin, all the. night through (along with. the poor old labourer and his daughter) we sat up in that house of the dead, none of us under the cir cumstances caring to seek repose. The next day, upon Aclling in the county counstabulary, we discovered that Reuben Monks and his mother had decunped, but had carried off a considerable sum in gold. part of the hoards of my unfortunate uncle, who had died with no relative by his death bed ;even his niece having been prevented from attending upon hini by the vicious beings in whom for years he had placed such trust. The precious pair -of conspirators, by means of tie hue and cry and a smart de tctive from London, were soon captured, and received a well-merited sentence of " Vive Years' Penal." As next-of-kin, I duly inherited all Ilarkl Hanway's wealth, and, wedding the lovely Laura and settling down at the old Grange, I tempted no more tile dangers of the deep, deep sea. 