City Reverberations BY ECHO. A Criticism on Passing Events. Adelaide, January 21. Quite ot) animated diecussion baa been going on in the daily press during the past few weeks upon " the Push " question. Several writers THE PUSH. call attention to the growing strength and larrikinism cf the hobble-de-hoys, and suggest violent measures to suppress the combinations. I move about the city and suburbs as freely as most men and can add my quota of evidence as to the prevalence of " pushes." In O'Connell-street, North Adelaide, on the Glen Osmond-road, Parkside, and upon the Goodwood-road, Goodwood, it is difficult for ladies to pass at certaia points at night on account of the gangs of young larrikins, who, while not sufficiently courageous in their wickedness to actually molest pedestirans, make matters unpleasant by rude remarks. In the squares in Adelaide the evil is rampant. In Bowden, Port Adelaide, and Glauville " pushes " are part of the " lions" and the police beyond the stereotyped " move-on " allow them to congregate without let or hinderance. In Carlton (Vic.) the pushes decend to actual violence for the sake of devilment and from a perusal of the papers of the eastern celonies the residents seem to be up in arms against the police for not adopting Btringent measures to suppress the gangs. One Adelaide " pushite " who went " looking for fun" had to pay a £5 fine a fortnight ago for attempting to batter up one whom they called? " a blamed swell." " The lash, sir, the laBh for a few minutes is the best known eradicator of push combinations," says an old policeman friend of mine. And who argues to the contrary ? The doings of the United Labor Party are exciting considerable interest in the city at the present time. The various sub-committees are woonra the selecting their candielectors. dates, and in the case of the Sturt and East Torrens districts the Council of the Party is recommended to run two men. My readers hardly need reminding of the bitterness which was engendered in the Sturt district at the last elections when a move was made to run two labor candidates. It was not until the Premier had intervened on behalf of the Commissioner of Publio Works (Mr Jenkins) that the second labor nominee was kept back. Since that period, however, Mr Jenkins has passed through most troublous times. The labor organ The Herald has not scrupled to stigmatise him as a liar and a political hypocrite. The first appellation was applied by Mr E. A. Roberta, M P, who maintains that he " cornered " the Minister over the wages question. It is 1 possible that C. C. K. will again plead for his colleague in which case I feel convinced the Council will refuse to adopt the recommendation of the local committee. The Party's best friends advise the running of Mr Price only. Mr J. Healy, the other nominee, is well known amongst miners as one of the Broken Hill strike leaders, and he was one of the first to leave the Silver City upon the Union ticket when the strike was over. Like the rest of his confreres he was boycotted. When his employers in Adelaide found that he had been selected on the labor plebicite they promptly dismissed him and at present he is a unit amongst the 2,000 unemployed. The East Torrens district committee also want two democratic candidates run, and the sitting member Mr Coneybeer, Mr A. A. Kirkpatrick, and Mr Healey are chosen in the order of preference. Mr Darling some lime ago expressed a feeling of indifference as to whether he was returned or not and the Party are fairly confident of success. There is one powerful factor in support of the Labor Party making a big dash for more members in th Assembly. The election campaign, owing to the rather warm condition of the public mind and of Federation, the Council Franchise, Early Closing, and the unemployed question, promises to out-do the 1893 and 1896 campaign in point of excitement Now, when the working men are excited over politics they go to the polls in greater numbers than they would if no burning questions were on the tapis. The East Adelaide and West Adelaide committees only ask for the present members, Messrs Hutchinson and Batchelor. The Premier, on the other hand, is threatened with powerful opposition from the Catholio portion of the electors over the education and capitation grant questions, and if Mr W. J. Deuny, the editor of tho Southern Cross,decides to contest I would not give too long odds for Mr Kingston's chances, for the West Adelaide electors consist mainly of loyal adherants to the Pope. As to those selected labor CBndidates who muBt go afield to find a constituency. Mr Chas. Bastard—" Gramaphone " Bastard, as the lads call him jocularly—is said to look longingly towards the Wallaroo district— (Are you listening Messrs Southwood, Richardson, fiobes and Yerran ?)— Mr D. H. Griffin is looked upon as a cartainity for Onkaparinga, but Mr J. B. Sellar dosen't want any more of Yatala. Regarding the others, if my readers can name a single district where a labor man would have a ghost of a chance of success I feel sure the Party would gratefully acknowledge the suggestion. The labor leaders confess to being in a quandary over the matter. By the way what has become of the Australian National League? Is it " laying low and saying nuffin " until it sees .what way the cat jumps I The sageB say yes. The controversy between the Protestants and the Catholics over the capita tion grant and the bible in state schools question ia being education All. whipped into life again, after having been in a state of coma since the education plebicite was taken. A " stranger within our gates " would be forgiven if he hazarded the opinion that the elections are nigh. The merits or otherwise of the capitation grant has been resurrected for election purposes for many years—ever since the inauguration of free education in fact—and the political fate of many a candidate has been settled as the result of his opinions on the subject The Catholics want State aid because they hesitate to send their children to mingle with the offspring of Protestants, who aB a rule have no scruples agalnBt the Catholic children. Mr Kingston who is generally supposed to have a leaning towards the Catholics because his wife belongs to the Church, does not feel inclined to go back on the present unsectarian and state system of Education. The Catholics, headed by Archbishop O'Reilly, therefore denounce the Premier, and I fancy if he chanced to be a full member of the Church nothing short of excommunication would statiBfy their wrath. As stated in another paragraph Mr Denny, who wields his facile pen for the Catholics, is being strongly urged to come out against the Premier and if he does what a skin and hair Kilkenny cats sort of a fray it will be. Nothing like importing a little religious feeling into electioneering to make things hum. 