THE TRAVELLER. FROM ALSTONVILLE TO BALLINA. PRETTY COUNTRY AND SMILING HOMESTEADS. THE GHOST OF MURDERING REACH. (By Our Social Reporter ) After describing the country between Bangalow and Alstonville, in which I was nearly forgetting one of the best farmers, namely, Dan Carr, of Pierce's Creek, I left my readers at Mr. Owen Daly's. Here, like the name of Johnson at Bangalow, the name of Daly is legion. Indeed, if you meet a man here you cin say ' Good day, Daly,' and if he looks a bit serious you then say, ' Oh ! I beg your pardon; I mean Johnson.' It is an even-money chance. Owen, however, stands out as the patri- arch amongst them all. Through the possession of many sterling qualities, Mr. Daly is known far and wide and is ueservedly respected. Mr. Daly's friends in the South will be pleased to hear that he has been very successful. He has one of the best farms and dairies in the district— a fine home situated on a magnificent site. From a portion of his farm. the seashore and Balhna can be seen, as ?well as a fine view of the surrounding country. Besides a nice flower garden, Mr. Daly has also a fire pineapple plantation producing fruit. His sons are reflecting the greatest credit on him, one hav ing a good business and a beautiful home in Alston vifle ; another at Rous. One is now home with the «' contingent.' His daughters— well, the old man should feel proud of them all. After dealing with the Dalys, there are not many left at Alstor.ville. Adjoining Owen's place is Mr. James Daly's, who has also Recured a good area of lnnd, and he has one of the best dairy herds in the district. He goes in chiefly for the Durham breed, and he and his brother captured the first and second prizes for the champion milk tpcts of the district. It seems strange to find the Durhams beating the Jerseys and Ayrshires and all the fancy breeds. My own experience has b£en the other way when touring the South Coast a couple of years ago. Mr. Wren, of Kameruka station, near Bega, showed me testa which he had taken for months in * which the pure-bred Jerseys very easily came out 1 on top in results against all others ; not only that, but one of the managers was sent for a tour home and through the Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, through Holland and the United States, topickup all the information he could, and he reported strongly in favour of the pure-bred Jersey*. In Victoria I noticed they go in for a cross between the Jersey and the Shorthorn of the milking strain, or the Jersey and Holstein. in which they then get quality and quantity combined. However, with regard to results, one important factor should not be forgotten, and that is the skimmed milk for the calves and pigs, which is an important item on the Richmond. I mentioned John Daly, who is a good townsman, ' if Alstonville can be designated as a town. Any how they claim here that they have the best 'Show' on the Richmond, the entries being numerous and the attendance good. With regard to the truth or otherwise of this assertion I have nothing to say, as I have not seen any of the 'shows,' but this I can say, that they have a very nice little showground, and altogether Alstonville is a pretty spot, with its green hills and vales and banana plantations. Alatonville is a healthy spot, and would make a good sanatorium for the North. On the road to Rous the coun'ry is prettier still. It is all cleared, or nearly so, on every side, and crowning every summit are pretty cottages and villas, all nicely painted and set in nice carpets of green verdure with gardens here and there. It was truly a most picturesque scene. As we approach ' Dalwood,' the home of the young Dalys, of Gerringong, we hear first the faint murncur of a waterfall, which gradually swells into a roar. Here truly is a lovely spot, a sylvan scene, and only a few yards off the road and about 100 yards from the ' Dalwood' homestead. All the brush has not yet been destroyed by the hand of man, and the creek for some distance loses itself in the undergrowth, and ' the fall' is almost hidden amongst the foliage and taller trees. It is a pretty little fall, and the water dashes over the ledge into the basin below with some force, but the charm of it is in the summer time, when you can sit on the rocks in ' cool grot' with nought to dis turb you. We find here ' Secura from the haunts of men, Sermons in stones, and books in running brooks,' The young Dalys are getting along fine. The Misses Daly, too, are happy, and the boys seem to be satisfied with the North and its prospects. Morgan Kelly adjoins; and near Rous is Henry Kelly, a good supporter of the Freeman, who has lately bought an adjoining farm, and will probably, like our friends, Mr. and Mrs, M. O'Donnell, be taking a trip home. The O'Connells have a good farm; and then there is Mr. Jerry Daly, whose spouse is a daughter of the popular Mayor of Lis EQOte. ? THE GRAS8E8 OF ' THE RICHMOND. Before proceeding further I should like to say a word about the grasses. Most of the dairymen now see the utility 'of cultivating artificial grasses, chiefly rye, but owing to the splendid results achieved from the paspalum dilatutum there ie now quite a boom in the latter, and it would indeeed be hard to gauge the possibilities of this district when the indigenous grasses are replaced by the culti vated grasses, for there is no doubt in my mind but that splendid results which have already been obtained are due to the quantity, and not to the quality, of the fodder, for the substance is certainly not in the natural grasses here compared with, say, the dry grasses of the Riverina. I am looking forward to the time when on the whole of the Richmond two acres will be sufficient for a beast all the year round. This applies equally to dairying as well as fattening cattle, and while on this sub ject I would like to make a remark anent the correspondence which has been going on in the Northern Star over Mr. W. E. Abbott's letter advising farmerd to go in for the fattening of sheep. This opens up a big subject, but I will deal very briefly with the question. First of all, I may state that the conditions existing at Wingen (where Mr. Abbott lives) are very dissimilar to those which obtain on the Richmond. There is not the slightest doubt that between the Murray and the Lachlan | (virtually the Riverina), right down to Hay and Jerilderie out West, in short, nearly everywhere except on the North and South Coasts, farmers would do well to continue wheatgrowing with sheep-farming, for the sheep not only keep the paddocks clean, but do well themselves. But I feel certain that sheep, at any rate the merino, will not do well on the Richmond, and will be Bubject to fluke worms and footrot, and will be more trouble than they are worth. One writer suggested that the Romney Marsh on Southdowns might do fairly well. They are certainly the only sheep, to my mind, which have a chance of being huccessful. A shrewd gentleman mentioned to me the other day that he thought Angora goats would till the bill. I think the suggestion a good one, as they would not only furnish a fine food supply for the farmers, but the hair ajid hide are a very valuable marketable commodity! and, moreover, the Angora would be useful in keeping that pest down which threatens to spread over the district. I allude, of course, to the lantana or Wilson flower, which a philanthropic individual of that name intro duced into the district to ornament the hills and fields. I think we new have every pest except the deadly rattlesnake of America, and it is a wonder some enterprizing and kindly dibpospd individual does not import them out here. Speaking of snakes, it was a sight during the late floods to see the number of reptiles there were on the posts of the fences whither the flood waters had driven them. There must have been thousands on tne posts of a line of fence which I passed (of course, some grim humorist will sug gest that I had them bad), but it is a fact, you would wonder where all the snakes came from. Now that we are on snakes and such like, it would be a good opportunity of dilating the story of THE GHOST OF MURDERING REACH. I promised in my last that I would give an account of the supposed ghost of Murdering Reach as detailed to me by old Charlie Barrett, whom I met at Ballina, and had a long chat with about the early days. Few people probably know that the long beach of the river below Wyrallah was the scene in the early days of a diabolical murder, and has since been designated the ' Murdering Reach.' It appears that two surveyors were engaged getting timber in the days when it was hewn with the axe, and was called "flitching.' These men were named Gilogley and Ike Crump, the latter a lame man. The pair had got out their logs of cedar, and were "rafting" the load down the North Arm or Terrana Creek. They got down to the Reach, and then they met an owner named Pearce, accompanied by two men named Woods and Bill Johnson. The usual keg of rum was on board, and all hands had drinks, as was the custom. The boat and the raft separated, and Pearce, who had indulged not wisely but too well, lay down in the boat to sleep, but in a little while jumped up suddenly and called out that Gilogley was murdering Ike He said he heard Ike calling out, ' Come back, Jimmy Pearce; I am being mur- dered !' His mates, however, told him he had been drinking, and the cries were only the result of a dis- orded imagination, and they went on. The raft, however, reached Woodburn with only Gilogey on it, and he said Ike had left him to go to the Clarence, and he had bought Ike's share of the raft Gilogley being suspected when Pearce related what he persisted in he had heard, a watch was kept, and Gilogley was found burning Ike's clothes. But to the ghost. The first time his Ghostship appeared was to Mrs. Gilogley, who with a little Irishman named Micky Brennan was rowing by the ' Murdering Reach,' and when they reached the spot where the murder was supposed to have been committed, something shot up alongside of the boat and went round at a terrific speed three times and sank. With a moan Mrs. Gilogley cried out, ' In the name of God what's that ? ' Mickey was almost too frightened to speak, but he said he tried to reassure his companion by saying it was a shark ; but he knew it was Ike's ghost, and nothing would persuade him to go by there again at night. The next time the ghost appeared was to a man named M Quilty. It was just at dusk, when the red of the light had faded, and ghostly shadows lurked around the colossal cedar trees and darted across the water. It appeared to him like a pyramid of fire rising up in front of the boat, It then crossed the river to the opposite side. M'Quilty never went through again after nightfall. The ghost appeared to a man named Henry Bishop and others after this, who all got a terrible fright, and one man — Gasper, a German — asserted that he could not get his boat past once as if there was a strong flood-tide working against him, and he had to go back. Another man named Paddy Mace was made the victim of a joke by a man named Jack Clinton. Paddy was superstitious, although as brave as a lion in regard to anything else except ghosts. Darkness came on just as they were ap- proaching the Murdering Reach, and Paddy swore by all his dead chiefs and everything else that he'd be hanged if he would go past the dreaded spot after dark, and they camped on the bank a short distance away. Clinton strolled around to get wood for the fire, and picked up the knuckle- bone of an ox. With a piece of charcoal he drew a death's head on it, took it to Jimmy, and told him he had picked up Ike Crump's skull. Paddy jumped a couple of feet in the air, rushed for the boat, saying he would go back to Cobon Jimmy's, and Clinton could hardly persuade him to come back and take him on board. I got several other ghost yarns from old Charlie, but I will have to leave them for another time. Gilogley, I believe, was executed afterwards for the crime. I am now entering upon the writing up for the Special Northern Number of the Freeman, in which I will give a full account of the river with illustrations, so that those interested will be enabled to obtain copies to send to their friends in distant parts. KILLEEVY. 