The Sketclier, An Alpine Tragedy. Mrs. Leighton, aged 23. Lady Chili worth, aged 00. Scone : The covered terrace of the Hotel ItilTolnlp l'acilia the peak of the ‘Mat-j terhorn. (Mrs. Leighton Is looking through the hotel telescope at the peak of the Mat Lady Cldllworili (approaching) : What are you looking at, my dear V Mrs. Leighton : I'm looking for my husband. He is on the Matterhorn. Lady ('hillworth : Ah, you're young. When you get to my age you'll find it wiser to look at your husband through the wrong end of the telescope. Mrs. Leighton : 1 think l see him. Look. a. tiny black speck against the pure while snow. Lady (.'hillworth (after gazing at. Mrs. Leighton ipiieily for a few moments) : What an eloquent description of you and Mrs. Leighton-: What do you mean ? (Nervously.) Lady ('hillworth : Oh. my dear child, you can't deceive me. Do you think I don't know why you're making this dutiful display of interest in your htts Mrs. Leighton : But. indeed, l ■laidy oidllwoiiii : My poor child, you kept your room .all day yesterday, and 1 hoard all that passed in it the night before last—before your husband left for the Matterhorn—a most unwilling audience. I assure you ; but these' for eign hotels, with doors connecting all the rooms, like a public picture gallery, are not safe places for husbands to make exhibitions of themselves in. He's a Mrs. Leighton: Lady Oliillworth ! ■ Lady (.'hillworth (with rising indigna tion) : Yes. a brute. That bruise on your forehead-! .Mrs. Leighton (colouring deeply) : I fell against the idlest of drawers, and— Lady (.'hillworth: He pushed you. I heard him. Mrs. Leighton : No, no—indeed. Lady ('hillworth: Yes, he did. and you, like the little heroine you are. fear ful lest the truth should be known, sit here making a display of interest, and affection before all these strangers. But you seem to have one devoted friend. Captain Thornton is Mrs. Leighton twilit enthusiasm) : Oh, he is such a good, true-hearted Lady t ‘hillworth : No doubt of it, and I'm sure he means well ; but I'm an old woman, and know the. world pretty well, and of the two. there's more danger to a young, attractive woman in a sympa thetic male friend than in a bad luts Mrs. Leighton : But Captain Thornton is a chivalrous gentleman. Lady ('hillworth : (drained! And if friendship were possible between the sexes it. might: be possible with him ; but it isn't. Mrs. Leighton : He is the soul of hnn Lady Chill worth : (drained again. But lie worships the ground you walk on ! Mrs. Leighton (eagerly, then checking herself) : Oh, you don't, think that, do you V I mean I'm sure lie-—• Lady ■('.'hillworth : Don't try to deceive a woman old enough to be your grand mother. Do you think I don't know a matt lin love when l see one ? Mrs. Ideighton : But what makes you think he—ho—cares for me ? Lady Chillwortli : There's no mistak ing the look in his eyes. They soften the moment tie sees you. I have watched yon both. Do you know what heart hunger is ? Mrs. Leighton (feelingly) : Oil yes 1 (Cheeking herself) At least, I scarcely think I know what you-mean. Lady ('hillworth (grimly) : Quite right. Keep like that. Captain Thornton Is a prey to the most acute form of .heart hunger, the hunger that gnaws the heart of a man deltarred by honour from declaring his love. A woman nevor mis takes that. Mott think we don’t know what they feel for ns unless we show them we know it. Oh. my dear, what a mistake. I've been through it all. Mrs. Leighton: You? How sad you look. Lady Chillwortli (sighing) : Sad ! I've a woman's montory, child, heartless old worldling though T seem in the eyes of a world that judges by externals ! Your ease brings back to inn a montory of the past. (A pause.) Mrs. Leighton : Won’t you tell me about, it ? Lady Chillwortli : There's not much to tell. I married young, an undisciplined girl, ignorant of what love meant. When I grew to womanhood there came one into my life who changed the meaning of existence for me. 1 loved hint with every fibre of my narttro. Had ho asked it I would have thrown every tie that bound me to tho winds. But he loved nty fair name and honour before all else, and in tho loneliness of old age. instead of tt remembrance of the shame tnat clings for ever to a stained life. 1 have the fair memory of a man's chivalry to live on. The woman who holds such a memory in her heart is not quite the heartless old worldling she seems. (A Mrs. Leighton (in a soft, voice) : l am so sorry for you. Lady Chillwortli : There, I'm a silly old woman 1 Don’t trouble your young heart about' me, but look to yourself. Few women are so fortunately tintc.r tunate as I was. Mine was tin experi ence too wonderful to occur again, so beware of friendship. Mrs. Leighton : Util Captain T'i.>:iton is such a sympathetic friend, and I look up to him -and trust hint so. Lady Ohillworfh : And beware of sympathy, too—it is rite overture to love. Mrs. Leighton : 'But I am a married woman. We can't love—wo umsn't. Lady Chillwortli : .Mustn't ! Tito word isn't in love's vocabulary. Oh, there i.s Captain Thornton. See. even itis good intinners are severely tried at seeing you monopolised by tiny one else. 1 fancy I saw the ghost of a frown on l.is fan* when lie saw mo. flood morning. Captain Thornton. And don't ynt in tend to do the .Matterhorn this time ? Captain Thornton : No. I think I l ave done with file iMarterhorn now. Lady Ciiillwot'th. I have ascended it seven times. If has no more charms for me. Lady Chillwortli : How man-liko ! No thing'hut the unattained interests yon ■men." Well, we shall meet at tahle-d' liote fills evening. 'I dare say. I tun go ing down to Zermatt now. I hope to hear of the safe return of the mountain party when I come back. Good-bye. (Lady Chillwortli nods to them, and leaves them alone together.) Captain Thornton : And so Mr. Leigh ton has gone to the Matterhorn after all? Mrs. Leighton : Yes, I tried bard to persuade him not. In his present'state of health i am sure he was not tit to bear the fatigue. Captain Thornton : I saw nothing of you all day yesterday. • Mrs. Leighton (timidly) ; No, I—I stayed In my room. I had rather a dls tubbed night Y6u eee, Mr. Le.gnton started early with his guide for the Mat terhorn, and a lot oC other people went too, and the clatter 'and noise mado me wakeful. Captain Thornton (after gazing at lierj: IIo\v pale yon look, and— what s that—a bruise on your temple ? That wasn't there last time I saw you. ‘Mrs. Leighton : Oh. it's really nothing —nothing at all. I-I fell—it was my own fault. I fell aamiusL the cheat of Captain Thornton (with great, eino tioni : oh, my ( tod—he struck yon ' Mrs. Leighton (faiuiiy) : No—no—in deed- indeed not. "Captain Thornton (turns away and looks out across the valley t<> hid" his ('motion. After a pause It" returns to her, and, taking both her hands in his. speaks with an effort :rt self-restraint) : I am so dreadfully sorry for you. 1—I can scarcely trust-myself to speak to you ; but if the knowledge that you have a devoted friend who would gladly face death for you Is tiny help, hear it from my lips. Mrs. Leighton (looking tip into his face with tears in her eyes) : Yes, indeed it is a help, a great help. I cannot tell you tiow great. (She sinks down on to a seat.) Captain Thornton (bending over h(T) 5'oa look so faint and 111 ; shall I .send for your maid V ■Mr*. Leighton : Would you mind ? I will go and lie down again, 1 thinls. I didn’t sleep-well last night. (Captain Thornton retires. JTe returns with Mrs. Leighton’s maid, and she goes away to her own room.' Six hours later. Keening. (Captain Thornton is smoking on the covered terrace. Lady Ohillworth approaches him excitedly, and puts her hand on his arm.) Lady Ohillworth : Oil, Captain Thorn ton—your poor liitle friend. Such a shock. Her husband ! Captain Thornton (starts) : What ot Lady Ohillworth : Dead, dead ! Tho news lias just come—died on the -Matter horn from exhaustion. He was a dread ful man, but still, he was her husband, and sudden death is always shocking. Captain Thornton (its if in a dream) : Dead—dead ? Impossible ! Where is Lady Ohillworth : In my sitting-room. 1 broke the news to tier. (A pause.) Come to her—come (laying her hand Upon his arm). I understand. Captain Thornton : Uas she asked for Lady Ohillworth : Could she ask ? (They enter Lady Chillworth's sitting room together. Mrs. Leighton is sit ting on the sofa. Captain Thornton sits down by her. Taking her hands In his lie draws her gently to him. and she bursts into tears.)—S. T. S., in “ Black and White.” 