VISITOBS FROM THE INVISIBLE WOKLD. " I merely mean to say what Johnson said, That in tho course of some six thousand years, All nations have believe! that from the dead A visitant at intervals appears." How difficult it is to find a person who has really seen a ghos:! You will listen to a gruesome, blood-curdliug story, aud at the end you ask, •' When did this happen ?" " Oh," is the inevitable reply. " It was in the time of my great-great-grandfather. The spirit was third cousin to his god-mother," or some equally vague reply. But what do you think of this, for an authentic ghost story? A lady living in Port Melbourne has had rather a novel experience. Her daughter had been away in Gippsland for some time, and one night the mother was sitting up very late, sewing; (indeed it wag past 1 a.m.) when all at once she heard footsteps in the passage, which resembled her daughter's. She and her husband were the only persons in the house, and she had left him asleep in another room. "Is that you Dick ?" she called out. There was no response. She could still hear the mysterious walking, and so naturally become much alarmed, but was afraid to move from where she sat. Her eyes was bent on the article she was sewing, when 'suddenly there win a Boft, gliding noise, and then a shadow rested on her work. Fear .knawed at her heart, Bhe dare not raise her eyes, and presently the Bhadow passel on. After a short time she ran in to lier husband, and found him sleeping soundly. She woke him and related what had happened. Just then the clock struck. It was 2 o'clock in the morning of the 5th of November 1898. Later in the morning she told of her experi ence to a host of wShderiDg neighbours, who of course enquired why she didn't look up and see what the shadow looked like. Shortly after she received a telegram from the Sergeant o£ Police in the district where her daughter had been staying, informing her that she (the daughter) had died in a fit between the hours of 1 and 2 a.m. on the oth of November. This case is shrouded in mystery. Thetnother asserts that her daugh ter had never had a fit before, and that the apparition came for some reason, perhaps to acquaint her with some dark side of the affair. There is even some talk of poison linked with the death, but so far the matter seems to have dropped at suspicion. But you don't always see the apparition at the death of a person, that I' can vouch for, 'on account of a little incident that happened when we were living in Albert Road. The servant's room was the first room to the left on the first landing. The drawing-room, the door of which was open on this commemor able morning, was on the sscond landing facing the servants room. Mother and I were standing in the last mentioned, when we saw the pater coming up the stairs. He passed right by us, and went into the draw ing-room. In a couple of minutes or so motner ana I went, clown stairs, ana into tne gardeu. Judge of our surprise, when we saw the pater there. Grandma was near by, so I said, " I didn't see Pa come down " 11 Come down where?" "Down stairs." "He hasn't been up." " Oh, but I saw him, so did mother.". "You must have made a mistake. He's been smoking in the garden all the morning, since breakfast." Evidently nothing could be got out of her, so as mother was as much puzzled at grandma's answers aa I myself, we both assailed the pater. But we got just the same answers. No, he hadn't bean up-stairg, he had been in the garden all the time, smoking. How inglorious to think that we had seen a ghost, aDd didn't know it. A few day3 after he narrowly escaped losing his life. He was running to catch the first train from Broad meadows to Melbourne, when he suddenly slipped on the rails in front of an approaching train, and he was just able to tumble himself out of the way, in time to prerent being run over. You can tell how near a thing it was when you read that the train actually grazed him as it rolled past. As he had lost the first train he thought he might as well do some more business, and then catch the last train, which would be a few hours later. When he had. finished his business transac tions, he found that he would barely be in time to catch the last train, so he ran quickly across the rails, and again fell in front of an advancing- train. He just had time to wriggle himself off the line, when the train thundered paBt, grazing him slightly as the former had done. Strange to say, that night mother and I could not get it out of our heads that some accident had happened to him. However he got home safe and sound, excepting a few scratches and bruises. Mxosotis. 