CHEATED. A FIGHT FOR LIFE. (By Gilbert LVoyd, in "Answers.”) .. I. •Geoff?” clank chains and groan. burn blue lights?” SayrSir»>Sre»rriT^5-rw<.-»^it..xlI£KJLJi.ci2aj(Q^ ■armor or a- shroud?” “Do they charge extra, tor it in. the orates and taxes?” “Is it a lady or a man?” “Is she good-looking?” ‘•Does he look pale and sad?” “A real ghost, now: Waal, Sir Geoff, :I guess this bar-onial hall is just about ■com-plete in its fixin’s!” Sir Geoffrey Ambrose leaned over the • billiard table, smilingly receiving the storm of chaff that was levelled from all ■sides upon his devoted head. “Walt a minute,” he replied, “and just •give me the ghost of a chance of making •tliis shot, and I'll tell you all about th€ 'Ghost of Greylands.” Click! click! went the balls. “Good shot!” murmured the onlookers “Game!” cried the noble earl, who war acting as billiard-marker. Sir Geoffrey placed his cue very de liberately in the rack, then turned to th< .group that lounged around the wide fire place of the billiard-room. “So you want me to tell you about oui ghost?” he said, with an indulgent smil< upon his guests. “Of course,” they chorussed. “How dare you keep such a delightfu ■mystery up your sleeve!” cried prett: -Airs Major Mantrap, reproachfully. “Or on your top-floor,” added Mis: "Highflyer. “Turn down the lights,” demanded i -voice in the background; whereupon th< . noble earl, who above all things delight -ed in making himself useful, promptly switched off the electric light, leavinc the room in darkness, save where thi Ablaze of the fire lit the wide circle of ex pectant faces. Sir Geoffrey settled himself comfort ably in a wide arm-chair next to Mis: •Chatteris. Somehow, by tile way, Sh •■Geoffrey invariably managed to remair -an the close neighborhood of that lady, “The Ghost of Greylaads,” he began '“neither clanks chains nor groans, •cannot tell you whether it is a man o: •a woman, for it has never been seen.” "Never been seen!” cried a disappoin ted chorus of voices. "Never.” replied Sir Geoffrey; “ii fact,” he continued, “‘there is no ghos at ali, unless one may attribute a haun •ted character to an ill-fated room.” “Which room?” queried a woman’ voice, anxiously. "Is it mine?” cried one. “Or mine?' asked another. “Do not be alarmed, ladies.” rcpiie< JSir Geoffrey; “no one sleeps there. Th Biue Room has been closed for a cen 'i’-n-cttury..and this is its story:— JOuiiaca vi«y7i,i2VvM.lpJ,0f _ mine, wh -of the fourteenth century, was'Carairfe Ambrose, who made a pilgrimage t< Borne for the purpose of conferring witi Che famous or infamous Rodrigo Borgia •who was then known to the world a Pope Alexander VI. “Tradition tells that the cardinal madi .himself exceedingly useful to the Pope’: son, Caesar Borgia, of whom, I have n< doubt, you have ail heard.” “Say, Sir Geoffrey, wasn’t he some sor of a cousin to the general who arm exec Chese islands about nineteen hundrec .years ago?” queried Mr Hogg, of Chica go—a travelled American of an inquir , dug mind. “I am afraid I cannot enlighten yot -on that point, Mr Hogg,” replied Sh Geoffrey, with a smile; “all I-know 01 Caesar Borgia is that he was a gentle ■xnan who was famous for his chemica -experiments upon his friends:” ' ‘“Like Sir Charles, here, who's always ■walking round with a tube of cholers germs, or Yellow Jack, or fits of some sort or another stored away in his waist •coat pockets!” replied Mr Hogg, indicat ing a famous Fellow of the Royal Col -lege of Surgeons, who, on his hands an< knees before the fire, was busily em ployed in turning a large baking o chestnuts. “What scandal are you retailing abou -me now, Hogg?” laughed Sir Charle: Stanton, throwing him a fiery hot chest nut. “I was thinking about that nigger yoi •tried to kill down at St, Augusta las fall.” “I did not kill the nigger, Hogg; and : firmly believe that you were the man rhi -told him that my yellow fever prepara ■lions were charms against the Ju- ju, ant .so set him on to steal and drink bacill enough to kill a nation. Anyhow, didn’ P cure him?” “Yes, by filling him up with whisky Worcestershire sauce, and eau-de-Cologni ■till he turned whiter than a white man’: ghost!" retorted Mr Hogg, with hi: mouth full of chestnuts; “but go on,-Si; Geoffrey—I’m afraid our little scientifii discussion is interrupting your ghos story.” “‘Not at all,” interrupted Sir Geoffrey politely. “I was saying that Caesar Borgi; was famous for his chemical experiment: -upon his friends, and, in return for ser -vices rendered him by Cardinal Ambrose he imparted to him several of his secre methods of poisoning, together with- in s tractions to use them on certain person: ■over here who had made themselve: objectionable or dangerous to th< Borgias. “I regret that any ancestor of mint should have been so shady a character; hut I must confess that the tradition is fairly corroborated by a number of ole parchments in the library, which tell how "the cardinal, at different periods, invited a number of distinguished guests to the Abbey, on Saturday to Monday visits, from which they never returned. “They were found dead in bed, in the Blue Room, doubtless murdered by one of Borgia's mysterious poisons, which, I •daresay. Sir Charles will tell you any ana lyst of to-day would quickly detect as prosaic overdoses of arsenic or strych “Quite right, Ambrose!” replied Sir Charles. “I’m sure that Borgia was only a fly-paper murderer, for all his reputa tion. Strychnine was beyond him. If my memory serves me right, Wainwrighl was the first gentleman to use thal vehicle for the transportation of hi: victims to the next world. Have anothei -chestnut, Hogg? I’ll guarantee therr sterilised!” "Naw—tha—anks, Sir Charles!” drawl ed Mr Hogg, cautiously. “You can steri lise your British chestnuts all you like but they’re Borgia’s death on the Ameri can di-gestion. Go ahead, Sir Geof “Well, the cardinal died,” continued Sii Geoffrey. “He died in the Blue Roots fearfully and mysteriously. His servant: found him one morning lying on the floor rigid and stark, a slight foam upon hi; " “A sliding door in the wainscot, th< presence of which was unknown till thei to any of the retainers of the abbey, wa open. This panel gives entrance to a secre passage and staircase, which winds dow: through one of the buttresses on the nort) side of the house, and comes to the sur face again beneath a stone that form part of the pavement of the terrace. “The terrace in those days used to over look a moat, and there is little doubt tha fhe bodies of some of the cardinal's les -,3mportant victims were carried down th (Staircase in the depth of the night an; thrown into the dark waters of the moat,' where the pike soon made short work of them. “In this fact another ghost story of Greylands Abbey took birth. It was said that when any harm came to the occu pants of the blue chamber, mysterious and ghostly footsteps were heard on the ter j race outside. i “The old Latin manuscript from which I have gathered this information, and i which was w'ritten by one of the good l-nionks of Greylands Abbey,mentions how | i on the'night-of the cardinal's dqath, the sVmttUng of Jeet was plainly. heard by one of the brothers who -was Keeping vigil. "The leeches were called to examine the cardinal's body, but they could find no trace of injury beyond a bruise on hi3 l.ip; doubtless caused by his fall from the bed to the floor, and a minute bluish spot on “Some detective of the Middle Ages also discovered and recorded the fact that the moss around the paving stone at the foot of the hollow buttress which contained the secret staircase was disturbed, and that the edge of one of the adjoining stones was freshly chipped and bore signs of iron, which pointed to the supposition that the stone had been forced up by an iron crowbar, or possibly the head of a “Later on, towards the end of the six , teenth century, a rheumatic ancestor ol mine cauged the moat to be drained and filled in. . “ The accounts of this work tendered , by the local builder are in the library, and one of the items is 'for fiyfteen pence for ye proper transporte and buryal oi I fowre skelytones founde in ye bedde of ye • mote, and afterwards interred in Chrys tianne grounde.’ I have a shrewd sus i picion that those four skeletons were those of the cardinal's victims.” "How horrible!” exclaimed Mrs Majoi . Mantrap, with a shudder. “But that is not all the story. The rest • of it concerns two ancestors of yours, • Chatteris.” continued Sir Geoffrey, turn : ing to Captain Chatteris, who, with his beautiful sister, had joined the Greylands party on the previous day. “Never heard of it,” replied that gentle man. cheerfully. “Fact is, the Chatteris records have been scattered to the fou: winds of heaven since great- great-granci pa Chatteris gambled away Chatteris Park—house, lands, diamond pin and aJi —in one glorious night at Croekford's. “To his false friend and my great grandfather,” said Sir Geoffrey, rathei \- sadly. “Was it so, by Jove!” remarked Chat i teris. "Never mind, old man! The pro t perty fell into good hands; and thanks tc \- Australia and wool, the Chatteris fortune; have looked up. Perhaps if great-great. • grandpa hadn’t gone to rattle the hone: that night at ’Crockj-’s,’ Grandpa Chat ’ teris would never have gone abroad t< seek and find fortune, and to make a mai 1 of himself.” ■ “Nevertheless, my great-grandfathei \- was a false friend, for he ruined Johr Chatteris, who died a few days after—ir > the Blue Room!” replied Sir Geoffrej [ was'tie 0<... ' question?" asked the swe'et” Toice~oi Mauac Chau«ri».»t.u;„ ™ ' > she explained, “we know very little or& 5 people. We were both bom in Australia and although Fred was brought up it : England, I have lived in the colonies al ’ my life, and came ‘home’ for the firs 1 time only two years ago. You know, Sii Geoffrey, we colonials always call the olt ■ country ‘Home.’ ” Sir Geoffrey turned in his chair ant looked into the eyes of the beautifu Australian. His face grew stem amt anxious. It seemed to him that his grin story of Greylands was to become a con fessiom to the woman he had learned t< ’ love—a confession of the sins of his fl.es! and hlood against her fathers. History had repeated itself when Sii Geoffrey had fallen in love with hi: friend's sister. Many a time and oft ii 1 olden days had the two families minglec • in friendship, and on two occasions ai Ambrose had married a Chatteris. T< her family the love and friendship of hi: ■ ancestors had always ended in disaster • Of the vast lands that now formed tb 1 Greylands estate, a good half had onci ; belonged to the Chatteris family. Thi ; tale of its acquisition was one long sa( story of how a Chatteris had been be ; trayed and bested by an Ambrose. 1 Sir Geoffrey lenew it all, for he was o a studious nature, and the well-kept re cords of Greylands held no secrets fron 1 him. The whole tale of Ambrose mis deeds flashed through his brain as hi looked into the fair face upturned to his ■ and the words of his story froze upon hi: “Never mind that other ancestor, Mis: Chatteris!” he said, .with a light laugh ■ “I shall give you the horrors if I keep 01 chronicling all the misdeeds of my fam ily back to the time of Noah.” , “Well, I will let you off on one condi : tion,” replied Miss Chatteris, with ; < bright smile. : “And what is that?” • ’ “That you give me ' the key of thi: : Bluebeard chamber, and allow us to in ; spect it ourselves.” “A splendid idea!” cried everyone And Sir Geoffrey, after a feeble protest , went to his desk in the library, huntec ; out the key of the old Blue Room, an< gave it her. , His guests followed Miss Chatteris, £ ; clamorous, laughing crowd, and left Sii Geoffrey alone by the billiard-room fire ; He sat for a while gazing in the fire 1 pondering his unfinished ghost story. . Should he tell her the whole story ' Could he tell Ixer how, in the reign o Charles I., Sir Harry Ambrose, the mor ose old Royalist, had trapped Colone John Chatteris, of Cromwell’s Horse, ij his fatal Blue Chamber, and how Johr Chatteris had been found dead in the morning, with that same faint blue mark on his lip mentioned in the oic monkish chronicle of- the cardinal’s death? Could he tell her how the ethei John Chatteris, her great-grandfather was found dead in the fatal room one morning with only a tiny blue scar or his lip to bear the suspicion of his death: “It is all nonsense, tradition, a pack oi lies invented by a lot of ignorant ser vants!” said Geoffrey te himself, as he rose and paced the billiard-room floor. “I daresay some of my people 'were blackguards! Most families have their skeletons and their black sheep, but 1 can't see what connection our black guards had with those mysterious deaths. “Ten to one the poor beggars died oi heart failure—the one, because he was made a prisoner; the other, because hr had lost all his coin in fashionable specu lation. As for the blue mark, that’s al an old woman’s tale, like the Lambtor worm, or the Cock Lane ghost. Geoffrej Ambrose, you’re a fool! You are suffer ing from nerves, and j'ou’ll have to cut down your tobacco allowance by half and give up taking coffee; and you have fallen in love, which upsets a man even more than tobacco and cof-” Here Sir Geoffrey paused in his self i communing. Miss Chatteris was stand ing at the billiard-room door, regarding : him with some amazement, i “Do you often talk to yourself, Sii ; Geoffrey?” she asked, laughingly, t “Er—never—sometimes. That is, no 1 often!” stammered Sir Geoffrey. “: 1 picked up the habit a bit when I ra \- living alone in chambers in town. Y01 3 see, when a fellow lives alone, lie doesn’ have anyone to talk to, does he?” Miss Chatteris smiled at this quain t appeal. She was beginning to like Si: 3 Geoffrey. I “And how did you like living alone?’ [ she queried, innocently. \ “It was horrible, beastly slow, and ever so dreary!” replied Sir Geoffreyj'with al- j most uncalled-lor fervor. He was just beginning to realise what! a terrible thing it is for a man to live “We have all been to see the Blue Room,” continued Miss Chatteris, gaily. “Poor Mr Hogg insisted on exploring the secret staircase, and slipped in-the dark and fell down fifteen stairs! He says fifteen hundred, but he does exaggerate things so.” “That room is always unlucky!” ex claimed Sir Geoffrey. “One of these days, when I have-saved-enough,.a will rebuild that side of the house.” “t would not do that.” replied Miss Chatteris. "We all fell quite in love with the picture of the oid cardinal. The eyes seem to follow one wherever one S°-Ti) cea-tainly pull that part of the house down,” reiterated Sir Geoffrey, uneasily. “Surely you are not superstitious, Sir Geoffrey?” asked his fair guest, a faint gleam of amusement dancing in her blue eyes. “No, no, not superstitious,” replied Sir Geoffrey, hastily; "but I hate to tempt coincidence, that’s all.” "I’m sorry for that, for I came to ask you if I might sleep in your haunted chamber to-night,” said .Hiss Chatteris, coaxingly. Sir Geoffrey turned pale. “Really, Miss Chatteris -” he be gan. "In fact, I had quite made up my mind to do it. Mr Hogg has bet me half a dozen pairs of gloves that I won’t,” said Miss Chatteris with a pout. "Hang Mr Hogg and his gloves!” mur mured Sir Geoffrey under his breath. “I wish 3‘ou would give up the idea,” lie continued, aioud. “Then Mr Hogg will think that I am afraid, and will return to the States to lecture upon the timidity of English wo “But the bed will be damp.” protested Sir Geoffrey. , “Mrs Wilson, your housekeeper, ha just told me that she airs the sheet, every three days,” replied the lady stubbornly. "The room is so draughty,” urged Si Geoffrey. “I have slept in the open air by a camp fire hundreds of times.” “Well, well, I will say no more,” said Sir Geoffrey. . But his heart misgave him. (To be concluded next week.) 