I NUMBER 1523. I Bi Willis Boyd Allkx, in Harper's I Magazine. I Oo a certain eultry aftrrnooo las: I Aucost I was sitting in my editorial I easy-chair, with a pile of accumulated I manuscripts on the desk beside mr. The first ball-dozen efinsions I disposed of in short order, with the usual printed blank (we pride ourselves upon the conrtesy of oor rejections in the Some Fireside office) setting forth i our n grr-ts at the necessity of returning the manuscript kindly Rnbinitied, the 1 utter absence of any flavor of literary criticism in onr decision, and our un hesitating belief that our gifted cor respondent woold find a ready market for bis or her (dsn illy her) production elsewhere. In that rather reckless mood and de sire for more slaughter which grows noon me at such times. 1 csnght UD the nest package, tore off the brown cover ing with jast enough of a glance at the address to notice the femetiioe delicacy of the handwriting, and mentally anathemat'zing the writer for omitting to enclose retnrn stamps, settled my self for that inevitable, even if batty, reading from which the editorial con science, morbidly exigent in this one particular, will not let us off To my own intense surprise, I found myself,hardened as I was to the attempts of novices in literature, interested at the very outset in a tale which bore un doubted marks of an inexperienced pen. Tuere were three elements in its com position which at once arrested my attention. First, the opening parag raph indicated that the writer was not a woman, unless disguising her sex; second, the strange narrative purported to be trne in such passionately earnest language tbet I could not, for the life of me, doubt the author's veracity ; and, third, there was no name, address, or personal direction of any kind appended to the manuscript. If a plagiarism, the writer could certainly expect no material emolument for the fraud. I read page after page of the close, dainty chirograpby, which I soon found was more ornamental than easy to decipher. When I turned under the laet sheet, and rubbed my eyes sb much from bewilderment as weari ness, the office-boy was dis tractedly ratling chairs, and even making ostentations preparations to light the gas, as a hint that the hear for closing had long ago passed. In a slate of curious perplexity and indecision I left the office. In the same untoward mental condition I went to bed that night. The next morning, Id the march-land between departing sleep and approaching dn>y, I made op my mind. The story, or statement, or whatever yon may call my qneer correspondent's effusion, should be rt- taioed by me until certain investigations were made — as shall apprar berrafter — and it should then be printed, not in the comparatively small edition and limited field of Some Fireside, but io oneof the largest and most popular maga zines of the day, if I could induce its editor to take the view which I myself firmly held of the following etory of NUMBER 1523 I have always been a modest man It is ten to oub that the editor who reads these lines took up the manus cript with the impression, arising from the handwriting, that I was a womau. Since my earliest boyhood I have been haunted with an abnormal shyness. Why, then, do I thrust myself and my strange experience upon a public which cares nothing, knows nothing of me 1 Because I am pursued by that same Nemesis which gripes a murderer and compels him to disclose his dreadful secret ; which made Louis Wagner, on the afternoon succeeeding the dreadful affair at tfa9 IsIeB of Shoals twenty years ago, enter a cobbler's shop in Boston and say, with ghastly grimace, ' I have seen a woman lie a8 still as that boot on the floor.' Because, in a word, I am a murderer. I have mur dered not the physical frame of man or woman, but an Identity. I wbb born in Lock Haven, Pennsyl vania, a prosperous town in Cliuton County, on the west branch of the Susquehanna, my tatner wasioreman, with good wages, in one of the lumber- mills there. He was an Englishman who, two weeks after biB marriage with my mother, had emigrated to this coontry immediately after the war to seek bis fortune. His mechanical skill soon procured him bis position at Lock Haven, and for a year and a half no home in America, I truly believe, was happier. At the end of that time, my mother, a frail gentle girl from the Scottish Lowlands, died id giving birth to the miserable writer of this autobio graphy. Half crazed with grief, the other half of insanity was bound npon \ my poor fitter by drink. A wild debauch, a late return homeward, a miBStep by the river-bank,' sod the »»! hibb t>ln1Vo4 Anf (mm 4-Ktn UUIlttppj ouni won WJUIUM WHV «IVU> world — as mine soon may be — fay the dark waters. The orphaned baby was cared for by charitable bands. At the age of fifteen I had received a fairly good grammar ; school education, and - with the sole inheritance of my father's turn for mechanics, and my mother's shyness, I faced the world. Ready employment was found in the milt — and I soon proved an adept. On attaining my majority Z was promoted, over the heads of older meo, to my father'e position, and. given a confidence which, alas, I have basely betrayed. About three months ago sn important business matter, relating to a large com bination or ' trust, ' in the business of onr managers, required that a represen tative from oor firm should meet seve ral other mill-owners at a certain hotel in an Eastern city. The choice - fell upon me. Filled with pride at the commission, and an earnest desire to carry oat ite purposes successfully, I travelled eastward through New Fork, Fall River, aod Boston, stopping over a day or two at each of theBe cities to confer with the agents of the combina- li'in. One bright spring afternoon I en tered the emeking-ear of a northward- bound train. I rarely ' make acquaint ances under such circumstances, as my ungovernable ebyness keeps at a distance all comeradery with my fellow- passeDgers. On this occasion, however, I had hardly taken my seat when a vnnnv fallow aotarpfl thn nu with ft face so bright and frank that I looked op with an involuntary smile and made room for him. He met me more than half way, and as the journey proceeded our acquaintance grew. The etranger'e face, in its con tours, was not unlike my own. We trimmed our beards in the same way, and. his eyes were gray like minr, only merrier. Even bis voice was like mine. I bad a qneer sensation of looking into a mirror every time hie glance met mine. Frank Hastings— for so he introduced himself — Boon began telling me abont himself; and, as confidence begets confi dence, and it was impossible not to be won by bis bonest face, I found myself exchanging biographies with bim. My own you know. 'Hastings was, in brief, as follows : ' My father is president of a New York bank,' he said, 1 and director of belt a dozen institutions. Between you and me, he is fairly well off, and I started life with not a very large — say a silver coffee-spoon in my mouth. After a regular school course I went tbrongh Yale, and graduated in the class of '8-. Are you a college man V I flashed a little, and said : 'No, I had picked up what little education I had, as some locomotive pick np water, on the ran.' The figure seemed to please bim, and lie clapped me on the knee. 'Well,' he continued, knocking the ashes from his cigar, ' faiher wanted me in the bank, and I began on the lowest round. Rather a grind, yon know, keeping regular hours and all that. But I had a taste for it, and worked hard till I was fit for a better position. Tin one of the paying-teller's assistants now, and I suppose I am still on the road to promotion. Father has some real estate down beyond here, and I'm going down to look after it a bit. It's really a three days's vacation, bat don't call it so, please, or it will spoil my fun. Ha, ba 1' I joined in his contagious Lugh, and, as the journey proceeded, encour aged him to give me a further account of bis life. How distinctly I recollect every item ! I threw myself so tho roughly into bis personality that I find myself perplexed to distinguish the real facts, as he gave them, from those annnlnil hs mu imaoinnfinn T Aan w— rr v j m "/ v«»i remember his share in the conversation even better than my own. The shadows of evening deepened, and lights twinkled from farm-houses as we swept past them. Young Hastings became more communicative, and with all the marvellous magnetism —I can call it nothing else — that per vaded his every wotd and gesture,drew more closely to him. 'Tell me,' he broke oat, abruptly, after a pause of a few moments, ' what do you think of ber ¥ He held op the photograph of a young girl, and the jesting manner left him. ' Heavens 1' was my first mattered thought, where bave I seen thataweet face before f Even now, as I look back, I cannot make it new to me. We all know what it is to see a face in a crowded street, in a railroad sta tion, at a theatre, and carry away the impress of it upon our memories as . plainly as if we had known tbe person for years, perhaps with that strange auusa ueuBBuuu or inumate compsDlon- sbip in a p re-existent state that lurks in the dimmest, most shadowy recesses of our consciousness. How cm I describe her t How not, when every feature was, and is, as plainly before me as if she had been nearest and dearest from all time I Dark hair, almost black, flowing back io soft," simple waves from a white brow that was at once innocent and womanly ; great, grave brown eyes that met yonr own frankly and yet questiou- iogly ; sweet, sensitive lips .that could grieve or smile at a erne! or gentle word — such -was the face (yet how poorly have I succeeded in conveying the image I see eo plainly 3) that looked at me from the card my fellow passeu- 061 tlfllc frnm An l'nnpp nrwitcf an/1 IidM before me. 'Alice Marlowe,' he eatd, softly, 1 is to be my wife next Christmas day. It was on Christmas eve a year and a half ago that she promised. Am I not a happy fellow V 'Do not say happy — Messed, rather,' or something like that, I must have answered, for be smiled into my eyes before be spoke again, half to himself : 'She is in Berlin, with her parents and my father, by this time. . They went abroad (my mother is not living) nearly a year ago. They're coming home in Jane. See, here is her last letter 1 and be showed me the corner of an envelope, with its German stamp. 'Cariously enough,7 he went on,' with his former sir of gaiety, ' not one of my own family nor hem is at borne tbia month. The Marlowes are in. Germany, except an aunt; who is in California, I believe, ' My father ia abroad, combining pleasure with an important butinees matter in Berlio. And I alone remain, to tell the ; story P. .Another pause, while we! looked, out of tbe windows of . the fast- flying train at the dim outlines of hill and valley. Alice would laugh if she should see me now. My face was smooth when, she left home, and behold the disguise I have assumed since then !' He turned bis face towards me, and solemnly stroked his short brown beard so1 like my own. ' Wei),' he laughed, ' I've written ber abont it, eo she'll be prepared, any way:' TT« tnada a mntinn rm If fai rAnlim the photograph aod letter, when he ; changed bis mind and dropped them into the outside pocket of his over coat, which lay over the back of the seat. Flnnging bis hand into the inner breast pocket of which I have spoken, fae.drew onta tittle plate or tag, ap parently of silver, and handed it to me with a laugb. 'There's my latest investment,' said he. ' Bidicnlous, and rather ghastly too, isn't it? That's a company organized in Philadelphia which carries on the business, and insures, not your life, but your identity, so to epeak, for a trifle.' I took the badge in my hand, and read the inscription : If Unconscious or Dead, telegraphs this number 1523 to the Immobile Iden tifying Company, Philadelphia, at ids Expense, and it will notify my friends. ' First clause a little indefinite,'iaugh. ed Frank, as I scrutinized the ebining bit of metal. 'Grammar sacrificed to brevity. They claim that it can't be melted ' coder six hundred degrees ol Fahrenheit. At the Philadelphia office Fve left a full description — ' The sentence was never finished. The car lurched dizzily. There was a crash like thnnder, rendering of solid timbers, blows right and left, hidenns, sudden darkness, the hiss of steam, and it's scalding breath, shrieks of agony. I cannot tell, even after this brief lapse of time, bow or when I first re gained consciousness. Vaguely I began to realize a wall before me, covered with old-fashioned flowered wall-paper; soft pillows under my bead ; a carious patch work qoilt on which rested my hands, looking white and thin as I had never seen them before. Then a face seemed to gather itself out of the mists that enveloped me — a woman's face, a kind, motherly face, bending over my bed and looking at me with pitiful eyes. ' Poor dear !' I heard her say to herself ; and the words comforted me inexpressibly. But with sight and hearing came a returning sense of pain — pain in every muscle.bone, and fiber, as. if I bad been ought in the belting of my own Lock : Haven mill and beaten against the ! floor. I moaned, and tried vainly to move. Little by little I realized that I was In a f.rm.hnnsp tfi whtftlt Thai? hftjm Bar. tied from the scene of the accident ; that I bad been delirious or unconscious for forty-eight hours, by reason of a blow npon the head, my other bruises and sprains being of a far less serioU8 char acter ; that I had been attended by the local countfy doctor, and by a surgeon of note who bad arrived on the wreck ing train a few boars after the accident. Little by little I was told the cause of the catastrophy — the falsely constructed bridge; its iron rods and girders part ing like withers tinder the weight of the train, which plunged twenty feet downward into tbe country road be low; theawfulecenes after tbe accident; the appalling lose of life ; tbe pitying throng of coontry people ; the ready help and hospitality volunteered by them on all sides. My own hostess, it seemed, was a widow, and the well-to-do mother of a large family, the oldest boy, aged abont twenty, managing tbe farm. Mrs. Penhaliow (that was her name) bad refused tbe aid of norses from out side, preferring to minister" with her awn moiaeny nanas eo one wsdcs oi this yoang stranger so enddenly and strangely brought to her door. There was one thing that pnzzled me not a little in my weak state. Two or three times, in speaking with the local physician who now bad charge of the case, she referred to me as baring been brought np in the city, knowing the hardships of work, etc. ; and once she spoke of my ' Philadelphia friends.' 1 What -do yon mean by Philadelphia friends,' . Mrs. Perihallow T I asked, feebly. , ' J 'Dsar me, dear - "me !' Bbe said, softly, patting my hand. "There there, don't worry about it now. You've have, some qneer fancies since "you've, been, hart.' . ;; - " Have vnn written to the Loek- Haven ¥ was my next question, faint enough. 'Perhaps yon don't know the address. It ia The -Mills.' An odd look,as if of wonder and pity, came into the good woman's face. She rose at once, and without answering ray . question left the room, in notne con fusion: " Too weak to reason over his conduct, or to care whether my . employers had been -notified of my mishap,! fell asleep. Whea l awoke, the afternoon ' sun was shining through tbe window of the little bedroom, npon the flowery wall- paper. A low purring called my atten- : tion to a small Maltese kitten carted np on the qniit beside me, and regard- ing me with a patronizing air. Seeing my eyes open, she rose slowly, stretched herself a little, walked over me, and, with great gravity," placed One soft gray paw on my eyelids. ' Oh,kittie, kittie,' whispered a child ish voice close by, 'you've waked bim np I. -I mnsftakeyou right down.' I managed to turn my bead slightly so as to command -a view of the speaker, a Bhy-faced little girl of nine or ten, who was standing beside me, and anx iously regarding Miss Pass and her self. 'She didn't wake- me, dear,' I said, as the kitten jumped down to the floor in search of new. smnsement. ' Will you teli me yonr name F 'Polly Penhaliow. Mother said I could tit with you while she ran over to Aunt Hestec'e to get the paper. They keen A Rtnrn at. fho 4!nrnAi vnn bnn« g — wv VV—v., I dido't know, hot I told Polly she was a nice little nurse, as indeed she was, standing there so prim and quiet, with her while pinafore, her grave face, her brown coria failing over her shoulders, and a half-mended blue stocking in ber hands. The ice being broken, we Boon were well acquainted, and got on famously. The kitten, meanwhile, bad found a plaything, and was rolling over and over, biting and kicking in a small whirlwind of gray far and flying paws, when Polly noticed aod pounced upon her. ' Kitty, kitty, what mischief will yon do next? See, Mr. Hastings, it's, that pretty silver thing you had in yonr band when they found yon.' She rescued the shining bit of melal and held it up to me. A thousand lights danced before my eyes. My brain whirled. Tbe name, wbicb the child pronounced so easily — that fatal number, gleaming oat in weird dis tinctness, 1523 — in a flash of thought I saw what had happened. The bright, merry fellow I bad learned to love io four short hoars had beeh hurled out of existence by the terrible shock of that oight ; while I, with no dear ones to mourn bad I died, homeless, almost friendless — I had survived, and,siraigp, onbeard-uf error, survived in bis like ness and name, 'identified by the lying badge which should have poioted out his lifeless form to those who loved it best ! The strain was too great. Again all visible and sensible things faded away, and for hours I again lay unconscious, or raving of the old days on the banks of the Susquehanna, My first effort on regaining conscious ness was to clear op the misunderstand ing in regard to Hastings and myself, I saw clearly enough tbe trouble that must already bave been caused, aod theconsequencesfultowing almost hontly. : by the error. Whatever anguish the disclosure of the truth must bring to the beraavei parent and friends, the sooner it should be made tbe better. For one desolate moment the thought flashed across my mind — what happi ness would be mine were the metamor phosis real! — wealth, luxury, education, social prespre'e, home, friends, the love of that gentle, dark-eyed girl ! Bat I resolntelv nnt aside rpflpi-tinnn ' Mrs. Penhaliow,' I began, brokenly, ' I most tell yon of a discovery that I bave just made — no, please don'c go ! My head is perfectly clear now, and 1 shall not faint again.' 'Polly told me,' said my companion soothingly. ' Don't trouble abont it now.' What did the woman mean ! 'You don't understand me, I am afraid,' I said, brokenly. ' 1 am here under false pretence. I am not tbe man you'tbiuk I am. Frank Hastings was — ' ' Yes, yes, no doubt Bat you really ought to sleep now, Mr. Hastings.' ' I can't sleep. I muet talk, I am not Frank Hastings at all. There was a mistake made by the man who found me. It was Frank Hastings who had tile badge No. 1523. He lent it to me just before the accident happened, and Pollie says it was found in my band. Don't you see ?' I closed my eyes wearily, for the strain was again telling npon m". xr is l.ii : .j »i a. " j31.1b (emiaiiliw leuikiueu 8||buv| uuu- viaeed aud shocked, as I supposed. ' Ton should telegraph at once to his friends on board,'! coctioDed,' and try to find just what had become of him.. Perhaps he is quiet safe aod unhurt.' Still my nurce said notbingio reply. I opened my eyes and looked at bet ' with the insistence of an invalid. ' Do promise to send word at once,' I said, 'and report my 'condition .to the firm of - — aod Co„" LrbSk HaveD, Pennsylvania.' Ann Tgave Eer my own real name. Mf you don't epeak and assure me of this, - X shall grow worse instead of better !' .Against her will the good -woman spoke, laying her hand npon mine to quiet me. Mr. Hastinee.' she said, verv softly 'for I muststill call yoo by that name —it is yon -who are making a strange mistake. All through your delirium you called yourself by the name you. have just given me, and talked about mills and lumber, and I don't know what all - You see, your bead is weak yet. It will all clear up presently, j Just think of your own folks— your lather, your., home in Philadelphia— and yoa'U remember who yon arei Wbit did she mean t I don't understand you, I repeated, j slowly. 1 1b it possible that you srill tbink — ' - ' I know you are Frank Hasting?,' she said, without moving. 'A man who was witb you io college bas been bere, and knew yon in a minute. Dr. Brown, who was sent by tbe railroad folks, had seen you ia your father's bank, and he "knew you. The company tbat made the little, as soon as we" telegraphed to them, sent a full descrip tion, and I should know you anywhere myself, after that. Allowing for your looking white and sick, the description was exact.' ' And — and— the people ia Europe, io Berlin T I gasped. 'They've been telegraphed to that yon're hurt, bat growing better, an' we've got an answer. Your father will come if be gets word tbat you're not gaining, or tbat you want bim. The otber folks — what's their name? — Marlowe, that's it, have given up their trip and are coming right home. get well as fast as yon can for the young lady.' She rose hastily. This time Bbe would not be stayed. 'Fit be right in the kitchen, she said, 'getting supper. You just cU if yon want anything.' I lay still, trying to grasp the situa tion. Here I was, not only in Frank HaBting's place, bearing his name, but, through an unheard-of combina tion of circumstances, with tbe exchange of ' identities actually thrust upon me 1 The more I should insist on the matter, the crazier I should be considered, and the more I . should be pitied. While I was trying to see my way out of the labyrinth I fell asleep from sheer exhaustion The next day I made another attempt to set my friends right. 1 Bring me my clotbee,' I asked — 1 tbe ones I wore when the accident happened.' Polly ran not, eager to do roe a service, and returned with — HaBting's coat. 'This was all crampted up in tho seat beside you,' Mrs, Penhaliow explained. ' Your otber clothes were so torn and burned and stained tbat the doctors took charge of them, and carried them off when I wasn't roond. Tbey were nothing but rags, they said ; but I'd have saved them anyhow. We e It all bave to fit you out, all but ao overcoat, from Jed's closet, when yon want to get np.' What was the use of further" efforts ? Every word I said on the subject but disturbed tbe kind people about mr. Coincidence after comcidenc-, circum stance ' after circumstance, arrayed themselves against me. To croxn si', tbey showed me gravely, but with n bit of innocent triumph, the account of the accident in the county newspaper which had been brought from ' Annt Histei's the day before. I ran my eye over it hurriedly. The list of wonnded was a long one, contain ing tbe name of Frank Hastings, severe contusions abont bands and limbs, with slight flesh wounds and barns. Will recover.' In tbe l:st of killed the second name was my own. From that moment I yielded — not with any thought of permanent decep tion, bnt from inability to keep np the Mlltflilf. 'And may wh call you M>. Hastings t' qaeried little Foily, eagerly, while her mother's eyes Bbone with pleasure at this indication of my supposed recovery fr.im my hallucination. I nodded. It was but for a few days at most, I thought. The Marlowes would arrive within a week, or ten days at the latest, and that weald end it all. I thought of Abou Hassan io thB Arabian Sights, and smiled bitterly aa I reflected npon the morning when I should be borne from tbe dreamy splendours of the palace Io the rough realities of my life. It was. perhaps; in such a moment tbat tbe great Temptation for the first time assailed me. I asked Fully to look in the pockets of the coat and see if there was a large flat envelope there. Oh yes, 'eheeaid, frankly ; we looked at everything, to see if we could find ont who you were. Here it is. It's a picture of a yenug lady.' Again I gazed into the sweet eyes of Alice Marlowe. Again I was strangely a a A T1TL AS QZ&WU; w IJ ABW tair jruuug tac«. vr aiaii agony must I bring into it, when she should learn from me, or others, the fatal mistake ! She, of all the world," would know that Number 1523 had proved false, I fancied her reeling backward under the sudden blow, her face growing white and . drawn, a look of wild aversion to tbe innocent imper- sooator of the man she Iqved coming into .those beautiful eyes. " Toe coat -still layby meVn (ho bed. Almost without any volition my baud caught the breast pocket and half drew forth her letter. Thank God, there was suae decency left in me. I did honour thas far to the dead and liviog. I thrust back the letter, unread, unseen, and there it remains to-day. Bnt what if — if — (the thought would intrude itaelf upon me in the long hours of night; when I lay there listening to tbe slow monotonous ticking of the old- clock on the corner shelf) — what if, by the rarest, strangest, "most improbable possibility, she should be deceived like the college classmate and the doctor? I recollected Basting's words about his beard ahd changed looks. In a shaded room, speaking bnt Uttie acting a part, which I had . hitherto repelled, could 1 — bewildering thought — so continuetbe deception as to include even the girl he loved, his very betrothed? Weakly T pictured to myself such a meeting and "its results; I was swept on by my imagination; I dwelt npon Alice's looks, her food, trembling anxiety, until I fonnd myself unable to tear her from my thoughts.. IjlorrA- tiicken at.py self, yet shable to resist the flood of happioQss -the very, ides suggested, I discovered anattachmeht"spHngiag op in my heart, takingutter, possession' of me. The fleeting unpysnos I bad received at first sight of her face,' of some former accidental meeting, deep ened the sensation of having known and, yes, loved her. Far tbe first time in my life — wounded, weak, perplexed man— I was truly and profound ly in love. Feeling bnt too sore of the speedy termination of ' this new happiness, X gave it fu'l sway, and it filled my heart with the great joy that only a lover knows, even in tbe face of the almost certain disappointment to follow. Those "»» ubffj unys iu< inn tu uiq viu farm-house. The whole family were eager to please me, and great was Jed's delight when I called for his tpa'e suit,' and, having clad myself in it, ' received in the front room where I was domiciled. Bat the end was near. One bright April morning I was sitting in the old arm- sbair which had been devoted to my special use. As I looked from the window 1 could see tie fitst foliage of green creeping over the southern slope of the orehard, even while enow-banks lingered bebiid tbe straggling etooe wall that bounded tbe road. On tbe fence before the house a bluebird plaintively 'shifted his light lead of song ' from post to post. At that moment little Nat, the second coo, came running op from the direction of the railroad station, waving an enve lope io bis band. A glance and a eick feeling of dread told me it was a telegram. The boy siw me at the window, and motioned to have it raised. I took the dispatch, thanking th'e little bearer, who called out joyfully, ' Its for yon, Mr. -Hastings !' I closed the window, aod tearing open (he brown envelope with a' thrust of my finger, as telegrams always are opened, I read these words : HAW iviui, j/ru AO. Am on my way to you. Shall arrive to morrow night. Dear love. ALICE. It was now tbe morning of the litii. ' In a few hours,' I found myself saying, my destiny will be decided' Yes, I had given op the stinggle. If, by what should seem hardly leas than a miracle; Alice should like the rest, be lieve me to be Frank Hhstingr,.! no longer bad strength of will to put this bewildering hsppiners from me. Tbe real lover was dead end coald not be harmed, nor could be retnrn to mar my fatnre. Half unco isciocsly, daring the put week, I had practised various little mannerisms, slight tricks of gesture, wbicb I remembered in my travelling companion. I bad ev> n imitated bis handwriting, a line of which was on the back of tbe phuiograph now in my possession. ' The lung hours of that April day dragged oot tbeir weary length, each an eternity. I bad informed the family in the house of the nrnbahla arrival of Miss Marlowe, and they were prepared to greet her with enthusiasm. At a little before eight we heard tbe rattle of wheels on the bridge over the trout-bro"k, a quarter/ of a" mile away.. Then the ev?uing was still again. A long, sandy hill intervened between the brook and tbe edge of tbe orchard. I drew my breath hard and waited. Again the eonnd of wheels mingled witb hoof-beats aod two voices, one rongh and loud, the otber so sweet and low tbet I could scarcely catch its accents. Nearer and nearer. Now the road was left, and tile waggon had turned in upon tbe little turfed space before the house. It stopped with a loud ' Whoa !' and ' She's come, mother !' from tbe ' driver. A light rnstle of garments, a girlish 1 figure in the doorway. In a moment it was kneeling beside my chair. In "a moment those dear arms were around my neck, soft, trembling lips pressed to my own. Over and over again she was denies", layiog her bead on my slionl- der, her, cheek against mine, stroking' my hair, showing ipe by a hundred soft caresses, like a mother over her child, how dear to her was the man who had vanished from the face pf the earth, whom I, wretched beiag that I was, was falsely impersonating. I coald not bear it. - 1 whispered, ' Alice— my darling !' again and again, sobbing weakly the while, in an ectstasy of mingled joy aod eeif-contempt. From innate delicacy tbe family had at first withdrawn to another part of the honre. Tbey now "came In and hovered about tbe new arriva. C'ime right up .stair?, dear,' said Mr?. Peballow, bospitsbly, ' and lay off vonr things. ' Sapper is ready. Alice rose to her feet, stooped to leave a light kisB npon my guilty fore head, and followed her hostess from the room. I was stunned by the tarn affairs had taken ; . for in reality £ bad not been able to convince myself that her wo man's heart coald mistake, even in" th'e dim, unlighted room, and without hear ing a distinctly apokea word . from me. Bat I cared nor. There was fiat one thought — to hold tbe wealth of love . , ' f ahe had brought with her acioes the broad ocean, to gather it to myself. I was deliriously happy. Some time when I should he carried to the e cer.ee familiar to the daily life of Hastings ; when liia old friendB should greet me ; when I should be called "npon to lake a position in the bank, of _ the duties of - which I knew nothing ; wheuthfe father ' of tbe dead should return from Europe ; nay, when Alice herself, with the old su'rrhnndings and in broad daylight should look into my face — the end must surely come," and my proud castle in Spain crumble to dnst. Meanwhile I deliberately resolved to avail myself of every expedient to' favor the delation under which all my friends had thus far labored I would protract my stay in the coontry to tbe last pos sible day. Alice would become bccue- tomed to me, and when weeks or months thence she should learn of the deception, at first innocent, afterward arising from the honest love I bore ber, she might— she might— sh, who conld fnl I ntiaf 1>am_A I wuav uaaguv UHppeu i Bhe came to me 'gain that night, and, I having suggested that no lights be brought, Bat with me aud Folly and her mother for a long time, listening to the stoiy of the wreck, in which I made myself play the part of Fiaok, pictur ing my real self as a stranger whom 1 had joiued. And, Alice,' I said, 1 £ showed him your picture 1' ' Ab, Frank,' she exclaimed, shaking her pretty head at me, bow could you do that ! What must he tbink — but, ob, I forget ! Poor fellow ! Poor fellow !' Her compassion gave me a twinge, and, odd as it may seem, a momentary feeliog of j alousy toward my other and true self. Was errr a dual existence eo doubly interwoven 1 ' He wbb only a mill-boy,' I went on, to see wbat she would say. He had been promoted to the office of the mill witbin a few months.1 Hush, dear !' said tbs giil re provingly. ' Only a miU-boy I Tbat snunds more like Europe than America. But I mustn't begin by scolding yoo, must I ? Ob, Frank, do yon koow bow this sickness has changed you ? Per haps it's partly the beard (1 managed to kiss the, tips of ber fingers as she stroked it), ' but you are eo pale and thin. And even your voice sounds strangely.' I quaked exceedingly as she spoke of tbe change of voice, but war reassured fay her very mention of it, as that and other small dissimilarities could easily be laid to tbe accident and tbe foit- nignt's illness following It. I need not enter into details of the days tbat succeeded this white one in tbe calendar of my life. Little by tittle I spoke with greater freedom, accus tomed her more and more to my looks, myvoice,and my presence. I took occasion to introduce the slight cba acteriaticget- tores I had noticed in the cars ao easily and naturally that I almost startled myself. I scribbled little notes in his handwriting under her scrutiny ; I alluded to events in his life opoa which he had touched. The success of all this intricate course of deception seemed complete ; so tbat I need grimly to say to myself in tbe solitude of my chamber, tbat wh-n Alice should have dismissed me with disdain, I would not return to Lock Haven, but enter unnn a career Oa an actor in soma Western theatre. All thia time remorse, self-contempt, silent trot terrible upbraiding of con science, have distilled their bitter drops into tbe cop of pleasure tbat has been taeld to my lips. The advantage I have been taking of the innocent and trust ing affection of this girl ; receiving her pure can sses and all tbe love of her fresh youog heart, not only' nevir intended for me, but really doub'y sacred ee tho right ooce held by another, now beyond thiB life — theee considera tions brand me ia my own eyes as a "strange and unholy kind of criminal, the etiyer, as I began by saying, of ao Identity, liviog upon the eeUte of the slain, and receiving, nay, soliciting, tbe fondest affections of those nearest and dearest to my victim. My God? wbat shall I do? what shall I do ? I most end tbia Confession aooo, for we cannot linger here beyond a week or two longer at the utmost. Alice sod 1 have walked together day after day, I growing constantly stronger, discarding a cane for her arm, then in my turn BSBiating ber. She bas told me lung ago of tbe receipt of tbe news of a second telegram announcing Frank's safely, and the prospect of his early recovery she had prevailed opoa tbe otuers to remain, her eve mother being an inva lid, and Mr. Hastings being engaged in an important international' cosference which demanded his daily presence. Fortunately ao old schoolfellow -of Mr. Marlowe's was onthe point of returning to America, and gladly consented to take Alice under his care. Later . — This morning Alice alluded, shjly.with the rosiest flush on fair sweet face, to dor approaefnng marriage next Christmas What shall I do 1 Noon. — A letter from Mr. Hastings, naming next Saturday as tbe day of biB probable arrival at New York. We shall go oh Friday. Soon all will be over I send this to the editor of a publica tion which I have s'-ea Hie. Pennallow reading. It is a simple euoogfa borne magazine, foil of kindly thooght?, as she is. !She has been a ' mother, to me in these e»d, strange, dreary, go!den "day?. I cannot' bear to tell her my story ahd seerher shriek from me ; nor would she believe it Iwltmd it to tin little iraeMtHnd raugatine, fronting Ant tt-willimd kiiidly=wel- come, end waksnaoo» tgiiw ise heart of him wrhoreiad. it. :. " Cafestr-WeisBie fibout to%ujt»fii>r bome.' I hear Po ly1" metr? Isugh, though shw hart toar.r in hrr bins eye moment ago from asying good-bye to me. Alice Ibibae is wetting lor me at \- the-door; beyondlrer, -tny late. Alice, — Dtrling, Ism comias tovon 1 fete, — I em ready ! Sara ends fee Designed msnuscripl cftbia aobeppy man. Referring tr iny. brief introduction to fee Confession, my. readers can now nnderaturd somrihoig of the conflicting emotions which kept me walking. the door nntil Jong after midnight idler the receipt at it. At one moment X zcuSed at fee idea ibst it was mora than para fiction, artfully taking nnoc itself. as is a popular feablon nowadays, fee gniae of sober feel. Then the words wonld mart up . from fee paper, Mp God, what shall I da I What shall I do V end I believed feat I eras listening to fee veritable ay of n tormented erml. Early fee next morning 1 began a practical system of investigation to leanr how far, if at all, fee story -was baaed upon real occurrences. I found a New Tork business directory. Ii contained bnt two Hastings, and none of these was n banker. I ransacked newspaper files for fee past two years, bat not a railroad accident in northern New England did I find conforming to fee description in fee mysterious manuscript. There was no such Identifying Company 9 in Ebiladelpfai, hat there was one in New Tork. No. 1523 (1 managed to find out tbrongb n friend of <me of fee darks) was a SatsMilan lailw mIim uasua sflpeen IfOffl fiBUjr wuu UD'ni osut borne, bat lived In constant fear of railroad disasters. I even wrote totbe chief of police at Lock Haven (it is s city, by-the-wsy, not a town, as fee writer states), and met wife similar ill anecees. Then 1 gave np feo problem, preserving the manuscript (unpublished) literary cariosity. Now comes fee sequel, resulting in the present publication of fee story. About six months ago 1 was visiting a bachelor friaud in Hartford, a classmate of mine, who, after graduating from Harvard, studied medicine, ondghes attuned prominence as aekilfnl spec ialist in nervotu diseases and cases of incipient insanity. On fee second evening sf my visit we cat together in his cozy etndy, smoking onr pipes before bis blaring wood firr. The subject of conversation drifted i-uo the doctor's specialty, and the odd expe riences which bad befallen him in hie varied practise. By-the-way,' be said suddenly, 'I bad a case not long ago that would have delighted Pythagorae — for a while at least. A pure instance of metempsy chosis.' He hesitated. I don't want to be tray any confidence, ' be eaid (he vu a model doctor), bnt as fee partis concerned, fee dramatis persona, have all gone aboard, I think 1 may tell yon, not giving any namer.' Go on, old fellow.' I becan to be interested. ' Well, last year there was a railroad accident on one of the Western roads — in Colorado, I think it was — result lng in a whole cartfal of wonnded, and a dor 3n or more passengers killed outright. A yonng fellow that iived not a thou sand miles from Hartford, travelled to California on the train, was badly eh then np in feat accident. Some people near by took care of him, and fee yonne lady he was engaged to — a friend of mine, by-fee-way — come home from Europe and went ont there on pnrp-ae to none him. Now comes fee qneer part of fee story. He come back to Hartford with her about six weeks later. The very day be arrived he came to my office, and in hie very room , confessed to me feat be was — somebody , else 1 Well, what's the matter now'f Go on, Dick, X gasped. Pll sup ply m few details for your story later.' The doctor looked at me ss if I migut need bis professional service, bnt as I only bnsied myself relighting my pipe, he continued : ' I tried to con vines the fellow of bis mistake, font be would have it feat be was a poor mm, acting fee psit of l/ nfa's / ti'ro f T itisln'fi mean fn laf Its name slip onl 1)— well, her lover. Of course be felt mean, especially as be fancied the real one was killed betide him on ibe asms train, the mistake arising in fee identification of fee bodies in fee wreck. I might-mention that a bridge bad collapsed, and there were a.eara and fire afterwords. ' Well, I found it of no ase to argue wife my patient ; fur -each in reality I saw lrim to be. Ae good Inck wonld have h, his father woe expected home; from Europe on theCephalama the very next day. I was tremendous y interes ted in the case, said arranged to be present at fee- sneering: I gathered, feat this poor fellow contemplated vi«rid« if fee. girl should turn hiin off, i .ao fee matter ana anally a serums one. 'At two In the" afternoon -despatch: from Boston announced tbs arrival of t-e steamer. At five rny-fjatrent, as whitens a ghost, together -wife dL&tr;, a .raotaal frieod, and. myself;- seers in -a private parionr, waiting .for .fee old' gentiemsn'-s arrival. . ' Now X had planned m little scheme " of my own for knocking fee nonsense out of fee young fellow's itesd. I iXtSKO myaeuxor a ibv,isioiiksi»d \- down t » fee station ahead of, feeSrain, identified my special passenger almost -fee moment he alighted, and ion.: fee way 1 1 the betel laid the state ofaSairs before him. ' It was plain, I told him, feat his son had suffered a severe shock to his) nei-vonssyslemat rhetime of fee ncd- risni. Thefsstibfhls badge or titicet. from fee Itexit iyin Company bring found in tiisijaMS- — beinnng jmt sees it In fee possession of fee nfeerman— i pntfotohw-brain ' fee hsUnrinaton to which he was.xiow nubjcct. He bad dsdlaprndnt rambidly nut.i .. be bad ftdlyaassWned his jdrmble identity, and was an a "fair vayto adrnperate mane unless fie was apeSbiyjoared. There was . mo donbt of bis ml identity,' X hastened to add, ssring fee deep trouble in fee .old .gentleman's face. I bad taken Sate into my cmfi- dencs that morning, and tBrribly shccked as she was (far fie bad never hinted his delusion to her, itseemed), she asserted feat feere conld be . no donbt .feat he waatcnly her .lover. ' .She never cm id have been deceived by appearances, she said (crying too, poor girl !), and I believed her. What woman wouldn't know iter lover from a stranger a dcx-n rods off with hereyes shnt 1 'In parenuce- of my plan I left the lather .in fee fiotel rutnnda, where crowds were coming and going. Then Xaaked feeoon toetep ont with me a moment,. before hie father came on a natter of imnortiint hnidneM- He followed me without snspicioo. We : reentered the rotunda. Mechanically ; glancing about him, his eyes foil upon Mr.— -Blank, we'll nail him.' 'The effect web instantaneous. H- oteggered as If be had received a blow on fee bead, rubbed his forehead if a cju- fused way, then ran straight to the old man, and crying out Father !' Father ! jnst drew his arms about his neck, and cried so on his shoulder that I really feared him. ' I got them both into fee parlor, and well, yon may guess whether fee scene was one of dry eyte. 'My patient wsb perfectly sane now, acknowledged with amaztment his past hallucination, paid me a handsome fee, sod the three want off toge her ; nor have I seen them again from that day to feis. I was invited to Kate's wedd ing a year ago at Christmas, bet couldn't ImtTO a mtinnt in vnllmit ward nntil it was over. L'St winter fee whole family went abr. al. There my dear hoy, you have the whole story. Now give « your foot-notea, if yoa can get yonr eyea down to their natural s-'ze again.' I told -Dick what X knew of the case, and be agreed with me that it was, alt in all, one of the most carious on .record. It fairly makes me giddy to try to trace fee involutions of fee doable self- decep tion of yonng 'Hastings,' as he called himself in the manuscript. Ail's ' we'l feat ends well, and my friend Dick may congratulate himself on hsving averted a fearful crisis and restored happiness to a most worthy yonng man and his bride. L'ENVOI. It is possible feat tU ; d cor himself was deceive 1 by aakilfnl piece of acting, and that w»s not the real s >r, after all ? 