PERSONAL NOTES FROM LONDON., ,, (FitOM OUIt SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, September 27. — According to tho society papers, there will be an exceptional orush at St. George's, -Hanover-square, on the 8th November, when Lord Longford Is to be married to Lady Mary Villlers, Lord Jer sey's second daughter, as both bride and bride- gioom have an immense number of relations and friends. Furthermore,' tho Jerseys are as popu lar In society as tliey were In Australia. Tho veteran chief of tho "Dally .News" report ing staff, "dear did Bill Senior" — as all Fleet1 street calls' him— has made up his mind to give up dally journalism, and \ylU henceforward lucu brate solely over his famous angling pseudonym, "Redspinner." Mr. Sonlor-ls well-known, In '^Aus tralia, where ho, spent . nearly . a twelvemonth several years ago, and made endless acquaint ances. Wlion talking wllh.lils 'colonial enter tainers, Mr. Senior used to remark, "I.. say, old man, when you oomo to England, -mind <you -look me up some Saturday at the Savage Club)" -Na turally, nobody forgot this tempting Invite, "and," says Senior In telling the tale, "when Antipo dean acquaintances turned up in batches of halt a. dozen every Saturday sing-song I: began 'to realise I'd mot a good many peoplo In Australia." Lord Dunmore, who loaves shortly to' spend the winter In Australia and New Zealand, Is. an alert elderly gentleman of 58, who has beeai to most places and seen most things. Truvol, In fact, is Ills hobby, and there can now be -very few parts of the habitable globe which lie has not investl- ' gated. Ills lordship possesses a crisp, breezy pen, which ho often uses to effect In "Blackwood" and similar periodicals. His most Important book is the well-known work on "The Pamirs," published in two volumes some time ago. Sir Jamos and Lady Ponder are understood to be about to pay a short visit to Australia. Busi ness connected with the Eastern Telegraph Com- panleq will no doubt bo Sir James' object. Lord Yarmouth, being still at Issue with his parents, tho Marquis and' Marchioness of' Hert ford, .has joined' one of the Frohman theatrical companies in America, and will now skip the "light fantastic", professionally. Mr. Arthur Col lins would have given him a princely salary to play the terpsiohorean poor In ' 'Hearts; are Trumpa" at Drury Lhne, but his lordship' wired— "Not on, old man." Mrs.' and Miss. M'Arthur, of New South; Wales, who aro Homo-on a -four years' visit, and havo made Dresden their headquarters for some con siderable time, are now touring in Scotland talc ing tlio round trip by Oban and the Caledonian CaDal to Inverness, and back via Aberdeen and Edinburgh. Both are In good health, and enjoy ing' themselves thoroughly. Tho Rev. John Robertson, of Glasgow, who is on a "globo-trottlng"-oum-teniperanco tour, and will shortly reach your eliOTes, appears to be a parson of pleasingly pointed views. He not only objects to tho moderate drinkers' "wee drappie;',' but to tho moderate smokers' evening pipe, and In condemning both lie doesn't mince language. In a recent letter from America, the rev. gentleman wrote:— "Let every smoking Christian shut his eyes while he reads tho following. Another Scotsman from Aroca walks with us, and tells us that God , has saved him from the drink; and praises Him also for tho purification of his body and rinsing, his mouth from tho filthy hablt'-of tobacco smoking., Alas! that : dear! C. II; . Spur- goon Is so often quoted as smoking to the 'glory of God. It can bo done, wo dare say, on the prin ciple of gulping down castor oil for the glory of God in curtain: debilitated istates of body, but not otherwise. Granting nicotine. to bo, physic, whefo there is no necd-for it, and with healthy men there is no need of the Indulgence in weed! It is- not free trom what is at tho root cf all indulgence— i sin against God and the making foul of the tcmplb of tho Holy Ghost. The next timo you flu your plpo put that fact in it. My Lady Nicotine;'' concludes Mr. Robertson, Is "a spiritual harlot." Men like Mr. Robertson aro the despair of wiser temperance reformers, AVhilst in London Mr, J, C. Ward was among the guests at a little dinner at which the Austra lian contralto, Miss Ada Crossloy, was present, and was in duo course. Introduced to the famous' songstress. In, tho oourso of conversation Mr Ward remarked to his. fair neighbor, "I under1 stand you aro singing at tho Palaao?" To which tho fair Ada smilingly replied, "Well, I sang last year at Balmoral, and noxt week -I sing before the Queen at Windsor." And then the Hon. J. C. tumbled" to the faot that he was not talking to Ada Colley, but to the ono and only Crossley who would look upon appearing at the Palace Theatre of Varieties, save. In tho causo of charity as a very considerable fall from artistic grace. ; Among the hurrying crowd in Fleet-street the other day! ran across Mr. . Fred; Rayiier. who has come home for a period of study at the 'West minster Art School. "Tlte Skotchor" was looking none too well, and is, I understand, only just re- coverlng from an IMoess which overtook him whilst -homeward bound inrtho Orizaba', nnd re duced him tola mere skoleton what time Marseilles .was reach. In addition . to his studies at the Westminster -Institute, Mr. R»yner is working a couple of days a week with Phil May. Phil May, I am sorry to hoar, Is by no means In robust health; Indeed, his friends express grave anxiety at- his physical condition. But his work does not appear to suffer, and the public's appre- olatlon of his inimitable sketches is so great that the artist has to work vory hard to koop pace with the demands of editors. Ho, has recently, I un- dorstand, raised 1i!b prices by about 50 por cent. tlou B "S m"Ch nB £0 f0r a fuU pae illustra" Tho great dining colony— as Westralla has been christened— wns again to the foro on Wodnesday when tho managers of the West Australian court ai Earlscourt Exhiblttoa gavo a dinner to about 200 of tho principals and offlclals of the various mining companlos exhibiting there. Lord Dtifferin had given a half promise to preside, but thought better of. it. and Mr. Honnikor Henton took his place. Mr. Wittonoom and Mr Algornen Morolng wore the guests of the evon- JnfL and at tho high tablo I noticed Dr. Cockburn, Sir H. Tozer, Sir W. Peco, Mr. Percy Arnold Mr. Philip Mennell, Mr. A. C. Arthur, Major Rlcarde-Seaver, and Mr. James Edwards. Tho , speeches, which wore naturally devoted chiefly to advertising West Australia, contained little of general Interest till tho Agent-General for Natal got up towards the end of tho ovening, nnd de livered a highly patriotic, hut singularly im proper nnd indiscreet, llttlo address about tho situation In South Africa. Tho death, In his slxty-soventli year, .Is an nounced of Mr. William Naunton Waller, of Beal- ings, Suffolk. He wns tho son of the Rev. Charles Waller, and early In Ufo.went out to Australia, whero ho wns a vory successful sheep fanner. Twenty years ago he returned to England, and resided In the old family mansion. CharlcB Grlflln Deane has been sentenced to flvo yeara' penal servitude for stealing the sum of £3734, the money of tho Bank of Australasia, arid ! also of committing forgery. He had been for 35 ypars in the employ of tho bank, latterly as cashier. On Juno 10 ho absconded, and was \ not arrested until July 13. It was tho custom of the hank to make up tho cash In the prisoner's till lo a sum of £10,000 every morning. On his I till being examined after lie had absconded thero | was a deficiency of C373I, and It was ul$> found that somo of tlio books of the bank bad boon falsified. It wns stated that tho prisoner hnd Indulged in speculations on tlio Stock Exchange, but the muno of tlio broker was not forthcoming, Tho Common Serjeant said he hoped tho broker was not a member of Iho Stock Exchange; It was a well- rccognlscd rule of that Institution that the members should not deal with clerks, and more particularly confidential bank clerks. By tlio death of Lord Watson of Thankerton on Monday evening last, at tho ago of 71, the Judicial Coinmitteo of tho Privy Council loses one of its brishtoBt ornnuients. Tho most In- teresting case In which ho acted as counsel in his unofficial forensic days was, porliaps, that of-Dr. Prltchard, who was fried before tho late Lord President Inglls In 1865 for. tho murder . of . his, wlfo and niotlier-in-law, and was convicted;' of both crimes and sentenced to death, During his tenure of tlio Lord Advocateship, Lord Watson prosecuted tho City of Glasgow Bank directors, and also Eugene Chantrcllc, for tho murder of his wlfo by poisoning. Wlie.n Mr. W. P. Howcill, familiarly known as "Bill 'Owoll," left St. Pancras last Friday to catch tho Orient liner at Tilbury, ho had with lilm a small package, wliloh he handled so ten derly that his fellow-travellers became quite suspicious of Its contents. But none of them attempted to Investigate, and It was perhaps well that tboy restrained their curicelty. Tho package contained half a dozen queen bees, properly lso la ted, wh|ch Howell Is taking back to the colony to supplement his stock. 