THE STORYTELLER The War of the Quah Ju-ju * By Cutcliffe Hyne. III. 'Now I understood from the first that I was in for a pretty big contract, and I made my pre parations accordingly. A revolver once fired would bring the whole bee-hive about my ears, so that was out of the question ; a sword I couldn't use: and a knife's a thing I've never had a liking for. There's nothing of the Dago about me. So I slipped a good heavy monkey-wrench in my pocket, by way of persuader, took a bottle of gin to bribe the sentry, and another for per sonal reference, and set off. The tom-toms had stopped, and the native town was as still as death. The only sounds were the snores of the West Indian troops in the factory sheds, and the night noises from the forest on the ' The idol stood on the ground in the middle of the ju-ju house. It was a squat little mannikin, daubed white, and so badly carved you'd think they'd set the bairns on to do it. It had bits of looking-glass for eyes. — Chapter III. other side of the river. There was no moon in the sky, and a scum of white mist lay twenty feet deep all over the land. I went to the gate at the further side of the pallisade, and showed the sentry a bottle of squareface. ' I want to go for a stroll in the country,' said I. ' Oh, massa,' says he, ' what for? ' ' My palaver,' said I. ' You hold your tongue and let me come back when I am tired, and I dash you this bottle.' ' Massa, dem bushmen plenty too bad. Dey cut your trote.' ' My palaver,' said I. ' My friend, do you want this gin ? ' I couldn't see his black face in the darkness, but I saw a sudden gleam of white teeth, and pressed the bottle into his hand and got over the gate. The mist was as thick as a hedge, but there was a good well-marked road two feet wide, and I stepped along without much fear of getting lost. I had got the Portugee's chart, that he drew for me on the top of the palm-oil puncheon, well fixed in my head, and knew where the turnings ought to come. There was half a mile through the forest to begin with, and my shoulders rubbed against the shrubs at the side of the road, and I got bone-drenched with the dew. It hadn't begun to get cold yet, and the night was a regular stew of heat, so I un corked my bottle of squareface and took a nip every now and again to keep off the fever. But I didn't overdo it. I'd no wish to get noisy, when there was a town of ten thousand cannibals close handy to join in the chorus. At the end of that half mile I began to get amongst the houses, just the ordinary grass- roofed shanties, with walls and without, which you see in all the West Coast towns : and I can tell you I trod with niceness ; and I went on my way rejoicing, nipping gin as I went — to keep off the fever. The fever's vara dangerous in these low-lying river towns, and drugs are a necessity. At last, after five turnings to this side and that which I took according to the chart, I came to the end of the houses, and shook hands with my self in congratulation. ' Mr. M'Todd,' I said to myself, ' you are an experienced navigator. There's trees ahead of you with a path running through them. Yon'll be the ' fetish grove,' as they misca' it in English newspapers.' There was a very bad stink coming to me through the fog, so I just refreshed again for luck and to keep off the fever, and stepped in through the trees. Forty yards brought me to the place I wanted, and the stink there was enough to knock you down. The mist had cleared a bit, and I could see something which turned me rather sick and very sober. The Por tugee had been wrong when he said the Quah men had chopped the Krooboys for supper that night. But he was right in saying they had killed them ' funny ways.' Phew ! However, those poor devils of Krooboys were not my palaver. The British Army had come to square up for them, and my business seemed to lie inside the ju-ju house. So I took another wee nip, and screwed up my nose, and stepped across, and walked through the doorway into the dark inside. Be hanged if the first thing I did wasn't to trip over a fellow lying on the floor. Weel, it was a silly trap to fall into, but I'd got my wits in use, and gripped him by the windpipe before he could sing out, and then brought down the monkey wrench, whack, just above his port eyebrow. He lay still, and I got up. ' That's the meenister of this denomination,' thought I, and wondered if there were any more of them inside. I listened, but could hear noth ing except the drumming of the insects, which on the West Coast never ceases. I listened on till I could hear my own heart thumping under my shirt ; but the ju-ju house seemed empty. Then I scraped a match, and blew it out again quickly. I had seen what I wanted. The idol stood on the ground in the middle of the ju-ju house. It was a squat little wooden mannikin, daubed white, and so badly carved you'd think they'd set the bairns on to do it. It had bits of looking-glass for eyes, and was that indecent in build it made me blush to think about. It was a bit hard to think that a trumpery little image like that had cost, one way and another, many a thousand human lives. However, I didn't stop to speculate much on metaphysics just then. The ju-ju was worth 50l to me ; I had risked my life to pay it a call ; and the memory of what had been done to those factory Krooboys outside was a hint to get my business over, and be gone, one time. So I stepped out to take it. The ground beneath my feet felt like a roughly cobbled street, and I shivered as I trod on it. The match light had shown me that the ju-ju house was neatly floored with smooth human craniums. But, as I say, there was not much time for sentiment. I whipped up the image, wrapped him in the mat in which be stood, clapped him under my left arm, and made for the door way. The ju-ju priest groaned as I passed him, and I felt sorry I hadn't struck harder with the monkey-wrench. A man like that is not fit to live. So I took a nip of ..in to wish him con fusion, and stepped out for back again. This time the path through the wood was not empty. A nigger was coming along it, singing to keep up his spirits against the ghosts. I slipped into cover, and if he'd been wise he'd have passed me by. But no, he must needs try to see who I was, and so I had to baptise him with the monkey-wrench. I hit hard this time. I'd get those factory Krooboys in mind, and, thinks I, ' If I have let off the meenister, I'll make sure f of the curate whilst I have the chance.' I got through the wood all right, but the town beyond was beginning to stir. I was getting in a : mortal funk, I don't mind telling you. It made me sweat to remember hc^v they had killed those Krooboys ' funny wayp,' and I jut-t picked up my fett and ran. The dense white mist was com mencing to thin. Twice I came upon natives who I stared at me agape, and I had to down them. The monkey-wrench was a beautiful tool for ^uch a job ; it was heavy, and handy and made no glimmer of a noise. But the place was waking round mr, and before I could cl'ar the town, there was hue and cry from twenty tides. The guns began to shoot, and men with spears tailed on in the chaee ; but the mist helped me still, and I footed it like a l fiightened dog. I struck in with the monkey- j. wrench whenever there was a nigger's face with in reach, and no one got his fingers on either me or the ju-ju. Right down the foreHt road to the factory palli sade they chased me, I leading by a matter of a dozen feet ; but ai the sight of that they tailed off through fear of the guns inside ; and I raced up and climbed over the gate, and sat down on , the mud half buret at what I'd gene through. My friend the sentry looked at me curiously. ' Dem bushmen plenty bad man, Massa.' ' You bet,' I gasped. ' You hurt wid run, Massa.' ' I'll want ne-v boilers in,' said I. ' Now look here, daddy : you keep your yam-trap shut over this, and I dash you two more bottles of squareface before steamah sails. Sabby ? ' ' Sabby plenty, masBa. Tank you, massa.' T stayed on in the shadow where I was till my wind came fairly back again, and then I nodded to the sentry and slipped away without making a noise. I did not want particularly to be seen with that ju-ju. I'd a notion from what I'd heard that, if the soldier officers came to know where it was, the thing might be taken away from me ; which would have been a pity after all the trouble it had cost, not to mention losing me 501. But as it was I managed to smuggle it abcaid without anyone being the wiser, and stowed it away in a ventilator. I'd no compunc tion. If the British Army wanted the ju-ju to end the war -with, they should have gone and fetched it themselves. I gaess they'd got an equal chance with me when we first moored at that factory wharf. I swallowed a big cigarette paper full of quinine when I got back to the M' wara, and then turned in, and you may believe that I required no rocking. But I wasn't allowed much of a watch below. At 5 in the morning Debbs wanted steam. So that there should be no mistake be came and ordered it himself. ' But,' said I, ' aren't we going to stay and bring the soldiers back ? ' ' You mind your own blooming business,' says Debbs, hb sour as a new apple. ' You carry out my or J*Tf, Mr. M'Sandy M'Todd, or you'll get fired out of this ship when we touch Freetown, aud I guess you won't find the berth, vacant a third time. No, by thunder ! ' Debbs was trying to rile me into striking him ; [ saw tha-\ Debbs hated me, and no error about it. But I was not going to please Debbs just then. I said, ' Ay, aye, sunny face,' and turned out and went below. It would suit me well enough to be gone from Quah River. Well, we didn't have what you might call a happy family ship from that homewards. In a tornado we picked up, the Krooboy second-head man, who was steering, let her broach to and get swept, just to spite Debbs, who'd been striking him, and tbe M'wara was minus three ventilators and a surf boat when she looked up to it again. We'd all of us touches of fever, too, from the stink of the river ; and that doetn't tend to improve men's t. mper, or make them work any harder. But Debbs ran her into Freetown without an actual mutiny, anl tbat night I took tbe ju ju ashore to the Cameron's house in the Kissy load. Tbe old mulatto was in the store. ' Hullo, daddy ! ' I said. ' You lib ? ' ' Very well, tank you, sar. I hope you hab good health yo'self ? ' ' I am keeping my end up, daddy. Where's Laura ? In the house ? ' ' She lib for bush, sar. Gone yesterday.' ' The devil she did. I've got something for her ' ' Give it to me, Bar. I send it her.' ' Do you take me for a mug, daddy ? Not much. I keep what I got till she comes back. Weel, bo long,' I said. I had turned to go out of the store, when a pretty voice from behind called out ' Neil ! ' It wa9 so low that I could barely hear it, but I knew that voice, and I turned like a man on a hot plate. ' You old liar,' I said to the mulatto, ' Laura's here all the time.' He shrugged his shoulders, and I think his face went a little grey. '? Neil,' came her voice again in a whisper. I shook my fiat at the old man, nipped the ju-ju in its package tight under my arm, and went through into the house. It was all dark inside n»ve for what light came in through the verandah door, but I saw her there in the shadow, and had my arm round her before you could say ? 'knife.' I was all hot at first, but somehow she chilled me. She seemed more plea* ^Hl sed to finger the ju-ju than the man who had BnV got it for her, and when I kissed her it was like -~fl^ft cuddling a figure of day. But, besides all this, WSm she seemed frightened. She kept listening, and Hi peering through the doorways, as though she HB feared someone was watching her. Bfll ' Look here, my dear,' I baid at last. ' What's — ? all this about P ' ' SB' ' Nothing,' said she. WM ' Then why dii you get your dad to say you BH had gone up country ? ' KB ' I thought it wan best so,' says she with a HE sigh. ^H ' I don't understand.' ^^H ' I can't explain.' ^^M I held her to me a little tighter. ' Are you ^H- in trouble, my dear,' I asked. BB ' Yes,' says she. ^B '* Let me help you.' . ^^?1 ' You can't. You can't. You don't know what ^H| I am, or you wouldn't offer. Heie's the money— »bP £50 in notes — take it and go.' BHf I pouched the notes — tLere was no upe being Inm silly about that. But I did not let her loose. SH ' My dear,' I said, ' I want something else. I SB' want you. I'll marry you in the church to- fl[S- morrow, and I can't say fairer than that.' Mjlj ' She shuddered and tried to draw away from HH me. 'You've not thought if my colour,' says she. MSB ? ' I'm thinking of it all the time,' said I. BH ' But I offer to marry you.' BE For answer she threw her arms round my neck Hm* and covered my face with mad kisses. ' I ^^Bi can't,' she cried ; 'oh! I can't. I would if I Enl dared, but I can't. I am not a white woman, ^H and must go the way appointed.' She kissed me '^H again a hundred times. ' That's for good- bye,' SB says she, and then she slipped from my arms, and ^B| picked up the ju-ju, and ran out into the dark- ^Hl ne?s of the garden outside. HE I stood there dazed for a minute, and then I '^H ran out into the garden after her. But I could HB catch no sight even of her dress. I searched on 99 and searched on, and at last I found something REi else, and that was three Hausa policemen. They, HE it seemed, were on the same errand as myself. HE They were hunting for Laura Cameron. M But whatever was wrong (and what it was the KM fellows would not say), it was plain that she and . PW old Cameron had left the place, and presently the HB Hausas and I left also. They went back to bar- flH racks, I suppose, and I put off to the M'wara and HB' turned in. I didn't see there was anything else ^^1 for me to do. But I'd a weary, miserable night EH of it. I'd a lot of things to tell myself, aud they EH were not all of them pleasant. BjB'l I was sent for to the office next morning, and IBM one of the owners saw me in his private room. IBM He shut the door carefully, and bade me take a 'HB seat. ' M'Todd,' said he, ' I wish to give you BB' ' a bit of a warning. You were mixed up with BB those Camerons ? ' |}fg ' I kenned them, sir.' - BB ' Quite sc. Mind, I'm not wishing you to in- Hfli criminate yourself ; but just listen to a friendly BB hint. They are out of Freetown now, and where BB they've got to the devil only knows ; and may he BB ? SB keep them tight. If you're canny you'll keep clear of them in the future, or you may get your fingers very badly burnt in a way you don't bub peet. Now help yourself to a cigar, man, and get back on board. The M'wara leaves this afternoon forBathurst. Don't squabble with Debbs more than you can help. Good- bye. I'm very busy.' Weel, for the next two months I'd other matters to think about, and in the course of interviews I gave Debbs one or two marks to .add to the collec tion on his face, and Debbe eased ine of another tooth. But when we got back to Freetown again, the Quah Ju-ju held a prominent place. The Sarry Leone papers were full of it. How the thing had got into the colony they couldn't tell ; but there it was ; and the bush towns were alight with fetish worship ; and sacrifices were being made on every side ; and the high priestess of the idol was no other than ' our comely fellow citizen, Laura Cameron, who has bo unaccountably fallen away from civilisation, and gone back to the worst practices of barbarous savagery.' I tell ye it was an awful jolt for me. I'd bad more liking for that lassie, coloured though the was, than I care to think about now. Weel, weel. But did I mention, I pouched yon £50 P THE END. 