JACK NEWLANDS' ADVENTURE A CHRISTMAS STORY. BY CHILTERN BARR. [COPYRIGHT. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] "Let us have the story by all means, Newlands; but draw it as mild as you can, old man. When a fellow's blood is boiling after the sort of day we have had, he doesn't want a stimulant of that kind to keep him awake all night." Thus spoke Tom Hewitt—one of a small party of three—as we sat, about ten clock at night, under the shadow of a high cliff overhanging a bend of the Deep Creek, within a few miles of Sunbury. That beneficent institution known as the Christmas holidays gave as our liberty for three or four days, and we made up our minds to go in for a fishing excursion during this blissful period of freedom. The trip was arranged at the last moment, and our preparations were accordingly hurried. I am ashamed to say that the comis- sariat department was the only branch in which no hitch occurred, and that was under the sole supervision of Newlands. He laid in sufficient supplies to victual a small garrison, especially of bottled beer and whiskey, of which there was enough to make a dozen men forgetful of their Cup losses for an entire week at least. Hewitt was told off to look after the fishing tackle, and so exalted was he with the heavy responsibility that he entirely forgot the bait! This was no trifling omission to men who set out with a stern resolve to make a record. Hewitt's neglect knocked the bottom out of our anticipated triumph straight away, for as he was half his time hunting for worms and kindred contributions from dead sheep, we had a proportionate amount of idle time, which we generally utilised by drinking success to the absent explorer. My contribution towards the general preparations consisted of interviewing a tentmaker and making the necessary arrangements for having a canvas canopy sent up by train to Digger's Rest a dozen hours or so in advance of the army of occupation. I gave the order with the air of an old digger who had slept half his life under canvas. This off-hand familiarity so im- pressed the tentmaker that he shrank from offering any suggestion to an expert as to how it was to be erected. It appeared to him like painting the lily. We gave a local carter five shillings to [?and it in position, after which we dis- missed him with the curt manner of men who resented all unnecessary curiosity on the part of strangers. He was hardly gone when we threw off our coats. This meant business, and to work we set at once, to erect our tent. Not a man of us knew a tarpaulin from a tent fly, but each had unlimited faith in the resources of the other—as much so as [?d] his life was spent in pitching tents on the battlefields of Langwarrin. We cut the twine strands that bound the canvas, and opened the graceful folds, and spread it out on the ground, and looked at it—and then paused! It did not look a bit like a tent! Tents were usually oval, or conical, or parabolic, or some mathematical shape or other, but this appeared to be nothing but a flat piece of white canvas unable to stand of itself! "How the devil are you going to manage this thing, Barr?" inquired New- lands, looking me in the face with a glance of admiration. "It isn't every fellow that could rake up the ingenuity to erect such a thing as that into a summer residence." "Nothing easier in the world," I re- marked, with the breezy air of a man who could give points to a professional archi- tect; "nothing easier, old man. Hewitt will have it up, you'll see, in a jiffy." Hereupon I took up a tomahawk, with which we had supplied ourselves, and announced that I would gather a few sticks to boil the billy. "Hold on, old man," broke in New- lands, "you'll want someone to help you to carry them," and he proceeded at once to accompany me. "No, you don't!" laughed Hewitt. "How do you expect me to do this job by myself? It will take the whole three of us an hour at least to pump enough air into the sickly thing to make it stand." Hewitt wasn't serious, but it was a candid admission that he knew as much about erecting a tent as the man in the moon. We returned discomfited; but when Newlands said it would do to sleep on instead of under, we all agreed that nine-tenths of creation didn't know how to utilise tents to the best advantage. The first day out was exceptionally hot even for the close of December, so un- bearably warm that the blackfish and trout must have gone to sleep, having given us, through the long oppressive day, only two bites and a nibble, and even these probably with the intention of re- minding us that the primary object of our trip was not the consumption of bottled beer and sandwiches. Our present ex- haustion, therefore, was not the outcome of exertion with the rod and line. A man dees not need to be a fisherman to draw this natural inference. The mosquitoes, which had been troublesome for hours, had gorged themselves to sleep, and as we were in a somewhat similar condition of beatitude, we were preparing to follow in their wake when a remark from New- lands promptly chased away every incli- nation to embrace "the balmy." Newlands, who was fresh from doing "the round tour," and a little over and above, was full of all kinds of anecdotes picked up in the smoke-rooms of the American and P. and O. boats, as well as reminiscences of personal adventure that never failed to prove interesting, when he was in anything like good form as he appeared to be to-night. Newlands was born with a golden spoon in his mouth, but this did not prevent him entering the University and graduating in law, though he never made an effort to follow his pro- fession. Candour forces me to confess that Newlands financed the present trip. Hewitt and I protested mildly at first, but were ultimately obliged to yield. We did so, however, with a dash of con- descension which Newlands was forced to admire immensely. Hewitt now began to talk vaguely of the virtues of the dark pool, throwing out hints of its cooling properties—"just a minute's plunge before the last pipe!" "Not for Joseph, my lad," spoke Newlands, with a short laugh. "No night bath for me, unless it be within doors. The last I had is too fresh in my memory yet to allow me to become a willing victim to the voice of the tempter. And what a cold bath it was! Do you know, lads, that to this day, summer and winter, the rheumatism in my joints bears evidence to the intense coldness of that bath." As Newlands spoke we at once grew interested, in the full consciousness that something good was coming. It was then that Hewitt spoke the words with which my story opens. "Well, let us have another 'wet'," remarked Newlands, dryly, "and I don't mind if I tell you the adventure, which was as near polishing off Jack Newlands, vagabond extraordinary, as any hair- breadth escape he ever had in his life." After this, we charged our pipes afresh, and then, stretched at full length on the canvas, Hewitt and I settled ourselves down comfortably to listen to Newlands' story. "Something less than a dozen years ago," he began, "I found myself fixed up for a few days at Odde, a pretty and pic- turesque town in the very heart of the Norwegian fiords. A short trip from Norheimsund, and I was anchored in this quiet little haven, which I purposed to enjoy for a few days at least. I had been away from Australia for more than a year at the time, and I began to yearn again for home. This, however, was only on occasions, for, as I was always on the wing, I had little time for longing or looking backwards. The present was too full of incident and the future of expecta- tion to lend anything but a fugitive mo- ment to the past. "Two days at Odde, with no greater excitement than watching my own sha- dow in the fiord, as I lay idly on the overhanging crags or strolled leisurely by the water's edge, produced a longing for home again, and the warm summer of Victoria, with the glass at 112 in the shade, as it must have been to-day. I had almost resolved to go back next day to England in order to make pre- parations for a speedy return, when a small steamer from Harwick came slowly steaming up the fiord and dropped anchor a few hundred yards in front of where I lay. "She was full of English excursionists who had come across the German Sea to spend a few weeks among the wild novelty of the Norwegian fiords. I heard nothing of her expected arrival, for I held scarcely any intercourse with the people of the hotel for the few days I had been there. I was always out of doors except at meal times, always hanging about the water's side, and always trying to make up my mind to return to Australia. It was three in the morning when she arrived, yet everything about her was as plainly visible as at noonday, for it was in the early part of July, and night there was none at this season of the year." "Do you mean to tell us," asked Hewitt, incredulously, "that you were walking about at three o'clock in the morning enjoying nature and taking your constitutional?" "Night and day, my dear fellow, make little difference there in the summer. I have often slept from noonday till nine or ten in the evening, and some- times began my day at midnight." "But how did you manage about your meals and—and your refreshers?" asked the astonished Hewitt, still hesitating to believe. "Always thinking of your animal wants, Hewitt," spoke Newlands with a smile, as he passed the bottle standing by his side to the unbeliever, who took it mechanically. He was silenced by the awful rebuke, accepted more by New- lands' action than by his words. "Three hours later Odde was all astir, over a hundred stolk-jarres from God knows where suddenly appearing in the steep streets. "What are stolk-jarres?" I interrupted, with a growing interest in Newlands' story. "A sort of car," he explained, "in which the driver sits behind, but not elevated as in a hansom. The reins pass between those sitting in front to the hands of the driver, thus weakening his control considerably in difficult situations. They are a combination of wagonette and hansom, but have no cover. "They must have come from a radius of twenty miles," he continued, "for the country around is sparsely populated, and the resources of a dozen Oddes were not equal to the supply of half the traps now awaiting the boats approaching from the steamer. "In a few minutes they were filled, not that the process of packing was a difficult one, seeing that each stolk-jarre could carry only two passengers besides the driver. It struck me that some previous arrangements must have been made for the accommodation of these tourists, for not one of the two hundred arrivals had to sacrifice the trip for want of a vehicle. Everything was cut out to a nicety—just enough, and nothing more. "I made inquiries and found that the excursion was to the Laaetfoss and Espelandfoss, twenty-two miles from Odde, and through a country of excep- tional wildness and beauty. Long after the last trap was gone I was returning slowly to the hotel, when I noticed a soli- tary driver sitting in his stolk-jarre be- moaning the adverse fate that left him the only unfortunate who had failed to receive a fare." "Won't master see the grand falls, too?" he asked in very intelligible Eng- lish. "I started on being thus addressed, I never thought of visiting the falls during my two days at Odde. I had, of course heard something of their wild beauty, but to a man who had seen Niagara nothing the world could produce in the way of falls had much inducement to turn him aside. But I was mistaken in this belief. There are falls, as I afterwards discovered, far less advertised than the great American marvel, which are every bit as attractive, though less stupendous; and those for which the ex- cursionists had just departed belonged to this class. "My mind was made up in a moment; I would give the poor devil a fare, and see the renowned Laaetfoss. I had a cup of coffee at the hotel, jumped into the stolk- jarre, and rattled out of town with the delighted driver. "I noticed as we drove away from the door a peculiar smile on the waiter's face, after he had glanced at the trap and coachman. It left scarcely any impres- sion behind, however, though I had occasion to recall the simple incident before I returned again to Odde. "Talk of ponies after these Norwegian nuggets!" cried Newlands, with an unex- pected outburst of approval, "you never saw the like of them in your lives—beau- tiful, and sleek, and sure-footed, and enduring. They could travel for a dozen hours at a stretch without halting to take breath, or turning a hair. Ours was a sturdy little cream-colored, firm and well set, and as strong as a lion in the chest. The pony that could cover twenty-two English miles in an hour and fifty minutes deserves some praise—and this ours did without much apparent effort. "It would be madness of me to attempt a description of the mountain-valley scenery of that morning's drive. It should be seen and revelled in to be fully understood. A word-sketch would be only a burlesque on the reality. From the very outset we were in the heart of it. "The roaring, turbulent, rock-rent torrent, ten times wilder and fiercer in its headlong fury than the rapids above Niagra, confronted us before Odde was 500 yards behind. The air was thick with spray, floating like a fleecy cloud over the rugged bed of the mountain stream, as we toiled up the steep ascent of the public highway which followed the course of the maddened river. After this first peak was gained our road descended into a nar- row valley which wound its tortuous course through precipitous and irregular mountains whose stupendous ravines were choked with huge glaciers and the un- melted snows of centuries. On every side the foaming cataracts leaped down with deafening roar from crag to crag, with a sheer descent occasionally of nearly a thousand feet without an obstacle to in- tercept their mad career. The rush of frantic waters sounded deafening in our ears, and filled the deep gorges and shud- dering valley with reverberating echoes. "Imagination is powerless to conceive anything more magnificent than the scene of that morning, always sublime in its ever-changing grandeur. Nature, in all her unbridled license, was giving us mad welcome! The ceaseless deafening up- roar prevented all interchange of words with my driver, so that nothing remained for me but to gaze, and listen, and won- der in a species of new and vague enchant- ment. "There on the right lay the mighty glacier of Bruar-brau, whose gaping crevasses hinted only of annihilation in their weird and mystic silence." Here Newlands paused for a moment before continuing. So deeply interested, however, had Hewitt and I become that we waited in dumb expectation, fearful of interrupting his train of thought. "What a wonderful exhibition of Nature's handiwork these glaciers are," he resumed, after a few moments, "and, beside them how paltry are man's migh- tiest efforts. These great rivers of melted snow, grown tired in their slow and toilsome march through the cleft and rugged mountains, lay down to sleep ten thousand years ago and never woke again. The coldness of everlasting death encom- passes them on all sides, guarding their unapproachable repose from encroachment by even the most daring and hardy of adventurers. "About five miles out from Odde we struck the shores of a lake—and a lovely lake it was, four or five miles long, and filling the narrow valley from side to side. Even the winding road we followed had to be hewn out of the solid granite, and was scarcely a foot wider than the wheel- tracks. Nothing I ever saw in the shape of water could hold a candle to that lake. There it slept, calm and smiling on the breast of that wild and windless valley, a picture of surpassing loveliness—slept on, unheeding the tumult around and the ceaseless warring that might wake the dead. And what a solitude it chose for repose, where the eternal roar of cataracts shook the heavy mountains to their base- ment! "Presently there was an abatement of the uproar, and a comparative lull for a mile or more. During this 'cessation of hostilities' I was able to exchange an occasional word with my companion. He was stern of countenance, hard and rug- ged as his pine-clad mountains, and yet, withal, there was something in his face that bespoke honesty and good-nature. His strong weakness, I soon discovered, consisted like yours, Hewitt, in a lean- ing towards the bottle." I laughed heartily, for at this moment Hewitt was stretched full length, resting on his elbow and within easy reach of his 'weakness.' Hewitt growled his dissent, protesting against the appositeness of the unexpected illustration. Newlands, after creating this diversion, coolly proceeded: "In this respect the man differed much from the general run of his country- men, who are essentially sober. But this fellow, who had been a sailor in his youth, like most Norwegians, spent more than a dozen years among people of a higher intellectual culture, and, having an aptitude for acquiring the accomplish- ments of a higher civilization, his efforts were crowned with success. And so this primitive Norwegian soon graduated with honors in the new school of human pro- gress, as might be expected from such favoring conditions. He spoke English fairly well, having lived half the years of his absence from home in the country which his forefathers visited with hostile intent ten centuries before. Not only could he speak English, but he had a vivid memory of the weaknesses that char- acterised the islanders The general desire of all classes of Englishmen to 'nationalize' the umbrella and remove it without the unpopular pale of individual- ism was always an amusing memory with him. "A story was afterwards told me illus- trative of this trait. You must understand, in the first place, lads, that the Norwe- gians are probably the most honest people on the face of the earth. It is no uncom- mon thing to see their doors and win- dows standing open all night in summer. I have noticed it while passing through Bergen from the boat to the railway sta- tion at 4 o'clock in the morning. Well, this fellow, whose name was Larsen, was driving an English tourist one day in the mountains, when the latter suddenly missed his umbrella, which had fallen out of the stolk-jarre unnoticed. "Stop," he exclaimed. "I have dropped my umbrella.'' "When did you notice it last?" en- quired Larsen, pulling up short. "Cannot say. It must have been some time ago." Then suddenly, "Ha, there it is! I see it far back on the road." Larsen shook the reins and drove on coolly. "We'll be back in an hour," he said, carelessly, "and can pick it up then, instead of wasting time to return for it now." "But," remonstrated his fare, "some- body may pass this way and walk off with it in the meantime." Larsen smiled. "You are in Norway! Master may make his mind easy; nothing is ever stolen in Norway!" "Not without some misgiving did the gentleman allow himself to be persuaded. An hour afterwards they returned; but when they arrived at the place the um- brella was gone. "Now, what have you got to say for yourself?" he asked the driver indig- nantly. "Nothing," replied Larsen, "but that an Englishman must have passed by since we were here!" "During the lull in the loud warfare of nature I chatted familiarly with Lar- sen, and soon discovered his weakness, as I told you a few minutes ago. When sober, as he was now, he was a pleasant, agreeable companion, much in advance of his countrymen, who are generally un- social and entirely devoid of humor. "The narrow causeway on which we were now travelling demanded all his vigilance, and I accordingly dropped into silence. We swept round the end of the lake at last, after a somewat anxious drive on my part, and gained the open again, where a sugarloaf peak, heavily pine clad, rose precipitously from the water's edge, like a huge sentinel guard- ing the dangerous pass. Soon afterwards we were approaching the falls, which gave notice of their presence by the sheet of spray in which they were enveloped, and which could be seen for a consider- able distance off. "Laaetfoss, on our left, at once dis- pelled all doubt of its being overrated by fame. Nothing I had seen in Europe could approach it in magnificence. Like Niagara it is cleft in twain; but nature's unsparing sword did not rend its severed victim as completely here as in the case of the Canadian giant. "The more accessible of the two falls into which Laaetfoss is divided is by far the most stupendous and awe-inspiring. Here in quick succession are three ter- rible leaps of about 700 feet each, the two last taken before the mad waters have had time to recover themselves from the stunning fall of the previous descent, or to brace themselves anew for another appalling effort. "Few spots visited by man were wilder or more imposing than the ele- vated crag I chose from which to behold the gorgeous spectacle. High up on the mountain peak I stood, to view this war- ring world of waters. Away down below was the winding valley, the home of desolation and savage grandeur, for ever filled with a ceaseless roar, and closely pinioned with snow clad mountains as hoary as time itself. In front of me were the frantic waters rushing madly down- ward to destruction, as if pursued by some merciless demon of the haunted hills. An hour of this amply repays for all the discomforts entailed by a voyage round the globe. Such was my impression then—such is my impression now. "This land of everlasting solitude, I thought, ought surely to be the home of romance, of legends and ghosts and gob- lins; the land of spectres and giants and demons; the land to breed poets and men of great and surpassing imagination. "I returned to the hotel before crossing over to make the acquaintance of Espe- landfoss, which subsequently proved, however, to be of comparatively small interest. "The main diningroom was crowded as I entered. Your true Englishman, even in his visionary moments, can always appreciate the fascinating vista of a well- filled dinner-table. As a late- comer, the possibility of having my wants supplied appeared to me remote, and I accordingly purchased some sandwiches and a bottle of lager beer at the counter, which I secured after a violent and pro- longed struggle to approach the bar. I then returned to the solitude of nature to enjoy the spoils of victory. "Up to this I had never set eyes upon the driver. I gave him a couple of kroner when he took the pony from the trap, and was satisfied that he wouldn't neglect himself with such a reasonable provision for killing time at his disposal. "After my impromptu luncheon I wan- dered about for hours, and, when wearied out at last I returned to the hotel, I found that the English excursionists had long since set out on their return to Odde, not a solitary trap but mine re- maining, with the sturdy little pony patiently standing by the wheel to which he had been hitched. "The departure of the others gave me little concern, however, nor did the lateness of the hour dis- concert me. As far as that was con- cerned, I could travel just as easily by night as by day at this season of the year. Had I noticed the falling mist, however, which had already began to encircle the mountain tops, I would not have felt so indifferent. "I hunted up Larsen, found him somewhat jolly, but safe so far, and ordered dinner. It must have been 10 o'clock when I had made up my mind that I had seen enough of Laaetfoss, and that it was just about time to make pre- parations for a start. When I came to this conclusion I discovered for the first time that the mist which had enveloped the hill tops a few hours before was now descending like a heavy pall upon the valley, and was fast assuming the propor- tions of a dense fog. "I hastened to warn Larsen to make ready, but to my annoyance he was nowhere to be seen. After half an hour's search he was found sleeping soundly under a huge boulder more than 200 yards away from the house. He was quickly aroused, but, to my deep mortifi- cation, I found the fellow unsteady of gait and thick of utterance. As there appeared to be no help for it now, I hur- ried him along and assisted him to har- ness up, an operation we completed after considerable delay and much bungling. "Before starting he insisted upon having another drink, and as he was showing a disposition to become trouble- some I yielded a very unwilling assent. It was just 11 o'clock when we set out on our journey of twenty-two miles to Odde. "Keep a sharp lookout for the Cause- way," shouted the hostler as we drove off, "It isn't the safest place in the world at the best of times." "This parting salute did not help to allay my anxiety, I can tell you, lads. I tried, however, to make the best of a bad bargain, adopting a confident manner I was far from feeling, and endeavouring to make myself as conciliatory as possible to my quarrelsome companion. "As we trotted along at a good pace I found a disposition on the part of Larsen to resume the nap I had disturbed an hour ago. He was sitting in the usual place behind, and occasionally bumped forward with a lurch that hinted of easy dislodg- ment. The reins, which passed on my right side, were so relaxed at times that they were practically useless in his hands. This, however, did not give me much concern, for the pony was surefooted and safe. Presently, however, the fog began to thicken, and now, for the first time, I began to grow seriously alarmed. "If it continued like this it would be wiser to return, I thought, than to brave the dangers of the narrow Causeway. It did continue, and, more annoying still, grew so dark and heavy that the pony was now only to be seen in dim outline. "When I fully recognised the growing danger of our position we had gone more than two miles along the narrow roadway overhanging the lake. I knew there wasn't a margin of more than twelve inches to spare in some parts. To return now was impossible, for a handcart couldn't be reversed in some parts of th road on which we were now travelling. By degrees the outlines of the pony en- tirely vanished, and all was soon as dark as a vault from which every ray of light is excluded. "What was I to do? We could not stand still, for the cold mist would freeze us to death in an hour. My only hope lay in the unerring instincts of the pony, which might probably pull us through if left to himself. But, unfortunately, he was not left to himself. I had scarcely linked my hopes to this frail anchor when Larsen, urged by drunken impulse, struck the docile animal with his long whip across the back. "The pony bounded forward with a suddenness that imperilled the safety of the harness. I now grasped the reins with the instinct of self-preservation, but the drunken fellow who held them was not disposed to yield possession undis- puted. We struggled for a brief moment, when Larsen, who endeavoured to stand upright, overbalanced himself and fell heavlly over the back of the stolk-jarre on the hard road. "I thought he must have been instantly killed by the fall, though a special provi- dence is credited with looking after men in his condition. "I had no time for sympathy, how- ever. The reins, which dropped in the struggle, now hung loosely and I hastened to grasp them, thankful to heaven that they had not fallen beyond my reach. In my endeavour to pick them up they got crossed somehow, and as I tightened the one on the right, as I thought, the pony responded all too promptly to the call, but in a way I never expected. "Before I had time to realize the posi- tion, we were over the embankment and battling for life in the lake below amidst pitchy darkness. I was so stupefied with the sudden shock that I was unable for some time to realize what had just hap- pened. "My first sensation was intense cold, my next that I was moving through the water at no snail's pace, and without any apparent effort of mine. What could it mean? Here was I flying over the lake by no volition of my own, and wholly unable to account for the motive power by which I was influenced. The horrible dread that seized me grew intense when I beheld, a few feet in front, some dark object looming indistinctly one moment and disappearing entirely the next. "A strange snorting, not unlike the panting of a steam engine, did not tend to allay my superstitious fears. I was at last in the clutches of the devil! Was it for this I left home and friends—to be sacrificed in the Norwegian wilds, without friend or human being to know my fate? "In the midst of such horrible reflec- tions I discovered that I held in my hands, with a grip as tenacious as death itself, something which frayed my fingers even through the thick gloves I was wear- ing. Instead of being some species of fetter that bound me to my merciless exe- cutioner in front, I discovered, to my relief, that I still held the reins in my hands which I had grasped at the last moment. Then I knew that I was being towed along by the pony to the opposite shore. "The knowledge was not an unmixed pleasure, for I dreaded that I would never be able to hold out until he reached it. The cold was intense, and penetrated to the very marrow of my bones. My legs and body were already numbed, and it was only the pressure on my fingers and the action of the upper part of my body, as I rose and fell in obedience to the pony's struggles, that saved me from tuter collapse. "We were not a quarter of an hour in the water, though it seemed to me an eternity, and I still struggled desperately to retain my grip on the reins. Twenty times did I feel they were slipping through my frozen fingers, and each time I made a fresh and despairing effort to retain them. I knew that if I dropped them all was over. "Oh, the awful agony I was now suf- fering! Would we ever reach the shore? For a few minutes longer I struggled bravely on, but at last I felt that the end could no longer be postponed. The last thing I remembered was a sudden jerk, then a quick wrenching of the reins from my dead fingers, a loud snort of relief from the pony, and the happy conscious- ness that death had at last happily ended all my sufferings." "But you weren't drowned, Newlands, were you?" asked Hewitt, who had sat upright, listening excitedly, during the last few moments. "Not drowned, old fellow," laughed Newlands, heartily; "but frozen stone dead!" Hewitt himself couldn't help joining in the laugh that followed at his expense. "When I awoke to the sunshine of life again," continued Newlands, "I found myself in a little hut, scarcely big enough in which to swing the proverbial cat with comfort. It appeared to be hol- lowed out of the rocks, and was covered with a roofing of reeds and dry grass. I was wrapped in bear-skins, and lying on a rude stretcher of saplings put roughly to- gether. Pine logs were burning in the fireplace and filling the hut with their glowing warmth. In front of the fire hung my smoking garments on a clothes- horse roughly improvised for the occa- sion. "The solitary room which constituted this mountain retreat had no occupant but myself. The stillness of death was un- broken except by the crackling of the pine logs. After taking in the novelty of my strange surroundings in a hurried glance, I lay still a moment and began to collect my scattered senses. "I hadn't an idea, of course, of where I was, or how I came there. At first I had to rake up all my reasoning faculties to settle the question of my own identity. The effort was not a prolonged one, for- tunately. By degrees, then, the incidents of the last night broke in upon me, and I shuddered to remember the terrible fate I had narrowly escaped. But how was I saved at the last moment; and who brought me here? "My perplexity was at once allayed by the sudden appearance in the doorway at this moment of a stranger. He was a man of rough exterior, tall, and strongly built. This, at least, I thought was my host, if not my saviour He was rudely clad in undressed skins, surmounted by a faded cap of well-worn sealskin. His face was gaunt and forbidding, and pale to ghastli- ness, while a pair of brown eyes that burned like live coals shone out from under his overhanging eyebrows. "The hurried, inquisitive glance he threw round the hut before looking at the stretcher where I lay betokened suspicion of his fellow- men and apprehension of the approach of strangers, for which there was strong justification. Here is his his- tory briefly, as I afterwards heard it: "He was born at Christiana, entered the house of a Hamburg merchant while a mere boy, soon gained the confidence of his employers, and rose to the position of confidential clerk before he was twenty- five. The stability of his position in the firm being now assured, he grew less at- tentive to business, imbibed a taste for fast life, and began to ape the follies and frivolities of men of fashion. He went the pace with undue speed. "The result may be easily guessed—he was missing one fine morning, and an extensive forgery was discovered on the next, the like of which hadn't been heard of in Hamburg for many years. A war- rant was issued for his arrest, but he succeeded in reaching England. "Two English detectives were now employed to hunt him down, but he made his escape to Copenhagen and thence to Christiana. Hidden away by his friends here for some time, the detectives lost the scent. He was next heard of at Stavanger, to which his pursuers traced him, but only to find, however, that he had disappeared the morning before their arrival. "After a further search of many months in every village along the shores of the Hardanger fiord, they were about giving up the fruitless search in despair when they accidentally heard of a man answering to the fugitive's description who frequented the neighborhood of Odde, and was supposed to have settled in the mountains, somewhere in the vicinity of Laaetfoss. "A week before my arrival at Odde they had gone out in pursuit of this poor hunted wretch who was now approaching me after that hasty and suspicious glance around the hut." "Come back to life, eh? he inquired, not unkindly, and in very passable Eng- lish, which he acquired in the great Euro- pean mart of Hamburg. "I had a pretty tough job of it with you, and didn't ex- pect to see much warmth ever again in those frozen limbs of yours." "I looked my gratitude, and inquired how I had come there. A few words sufficed to explain. The pony struck the shore within a few yards of the hut, when the inmate was alarmed by the loud snort of joy with which he welcomed the solid ground under his feet again. He rushed out, only to see the pony scampering away again, and my apparently dead body floating in the water within three feet of the shore. Without pausing to think of the possible danger of his action, the poor fellow carried me into the hut, stripped off my clothes, put me into his bed, and lighted a great fire. After an hour's hard rubbing, I fell into the prolonged sleep from which I had now awoke. "To my surprise, he made no inquiries as to how I got into the serious dilemma from which he had just rescued me. This reserve forced upon me the conviction that he was anxious to get rid of me. "And I was not mistaken, for he im- mediately asked if I felt equal to the exertion of dressing. I was too grateful for the life I owed him to feel resentment at this churlish hospitality, for I knew that the operation of dressing was in- tended by him as the preliminary to my departure. He handed me my clothes while he was yet speaking, and I rose at once from my comfortable position in obedience to what I knew was a com- mand. I was still weak, and had to lean against the wall in my struggle to pull on my trousers. However, my pride was up in arms, and I determined to make the effort while he looked on curiously and in silence. "Let me digress here for a moment," continued Newlands, after having helped himself to a refresher from the bottle which Hewitt, who was temporary guar- dian, considerately handed him. "Let me make a short digression here by re- turning for a few moments to the opposite side of the lake, where I left Larsen without the ceremony of leave- taking. "After the lapse of a few hours he re- covered and shook himself together, suf- fering more evidently from the effects of the beer than from the nasty fall he had received. The morning was well advanced and the fog had lifted by this time. He looked about stupidly and at a loss to understand the situation at first. Pre- sently he noticed the overturned stolk- jarre, hinting vaguely of a general smash. He rose to his feet, still half dazed, and looked at the wreck, for which he was un- able to account. "For fully five minutes he stood there, when memory gradually awoke in the dull corridors of his brain, and he began to realise what had happened. He remem- bered our struggle for the reins, after which he looked wildly round in search of my dead body, and probably that of the pony. Nothing was to be seen, how- ever, and then, abandoning himself to despair, he sat down stunned, and fixed his dull gaze on the opposite shore. "In a moment he jumped to his feet with a sudden cry The pony, with some remnants of the harness still clinging to him, was browsing quietly among the rocks and boulders on the opposite side of the lake. The lake, which seemed to me broader than Bass's Straits while I was plunging through its icy waters, was scarcely 400 yards across at this point— wide enough, however, to freeze most men to death under the circumstances in which I made the voyage. With a fresh cry he started forth to make his way round to the opposite shore—a distance of fully four miles—over rocks and boul- ders, and a heavy growth of underwood at times "The sharp cry of recognition he uttered on noticing the pony was heard by two men approaching along the high road. They stood still a moment and listened intently until it was repeated; then pushed forward, but with extreme caution, in the direction from whence the cry proceeded. "Larsen had not disappeared more than five minutes when the men arrived at the scene of the recent disaster. The disabled stolk-jarre and the pool of blood on the roadside were to their practised eyes and keen instincts sufficient evidence that something more than an ordinary accident had occurred. "They paused for a moment, each apparently in deep thought, when one of them at length observed, 'I think I see the end of the trail in view. If our man hadn't a hand in this, call me a Dutch- man.' " "Think so?" asked the other shortly. "Sure of it, old man. He has prob- ably come to the end of his money, and has taken this way of replenishing," and he pointed to the pool of dry blood with horrible significance. "Without another word, both men dashed forward with one impulse in pur- suit. Larsen in the meantime pursued his way unconscious, his only concern be- ing to get round the lake as soon as pos- sible and recapture his pony, with the additional desire, no doubt, of learning if I, too, had escaped unharmed. "To return to the hut. I was pulling on my trousers, as I said, but, while do- ing so, my watch and chain, which I had placed in one of the pockets the evening before to save its being pulled out of my vest while climbing the crags, dropped out on the floor of the hut. In picking them up again I chanced to look at my ungracious host, who was watching my every movement in silence, when I dis- covered a sudden and awful change come over his face. "His eyes, which glowed with the heat of a furnace, were fixed upon the [meda?] suspended from the chain, which he evi- dently mistook for some sort of detective's badge. "Before I had time to recover the sudden alarm that seized me he was upon me like a wild beast, dashing me across the stretcher and crashing my head against the hard rock that formed the back wall of the hut. Though I did not lose consciousness, I felt, however, that his terrible grip on my throat would soon strangle me, for everything was already swimming in a thick mist before my eyes. "At this moment, and when I thought all was over with me, his grasp relaxed a little and he paused to listen intently. "Flinging me from him, he wheeled round suddenly and confronted Larsen, who had just entered and sprang to my assistance. They both grappled on the instant, grappled like wild beasts im- pelled by the ferocious instincts of savage nature, and struggled desperately in silence. Not a word was uttered as they swayed, and reeled, and staggered, and fell—fell, with Larsen uppermost, by some providential interposition not always exercised on behalf of the inno- cent. "Larsen, whose fury had now grown terrible, being still somewhat under the influence of his late debauch, tried hard to dash the life out of his fallen foe by beating his head upon the hard ground, while the other continued to struggle des- perately. I looked on faint and weak, and unable to move a hand, if the safety of the world depended on my slightest exertion. "At this moment a load cry of exalta- tion was heard, as two men rushed into the hut and hurled themselves upon Lar- sen, whom they bore to the ground." "Ha, my fine fellow, you have come to the end of your tether at last. The chase is finished, and now it is our turn!" "A tough struggle ensued, lasting several minutes, while the detectives made desperate efforts to handcuff Lar- sen, which they eventually succeeded in doing. In the meantime the other arose exhausted, but in full possession of his senses, and passed quietly out of the hut unnoticed, while the struggle for supremacy was going on. "It was awful to witness the passion of Larsen when he found himself man- acled, demanding to know, while foaming with passion, 'what the devil this outrage meant?' "I was fully recovered by this time, and was anxious for Larsen's sake to have the mystery cleared up at once, knowing that a grave mistake had been made some- how. I dashed into explanations accord- ingly, when they immediately discovered their fatal blunder. "Before I had time to conclude my statement, they rushed off in pursuit, but it is needless to say that a few minutes' start in the heart of the Dovrefeld moun- tains is a handicap the pursued is capable of turning to good advantage, if he is at all familiar with his surroundings. He escaped as effectually as if the earth opened and swallowed him, and was never captured afterwards, as far as I could learn. "I made my way back to Odde," added Newlands in conclusion, "where I had a bad attack of rheumatic fever that kept me anchored there till the middle of winter. I then returned to England, and booked by the first mail-boat for Australia; where I landed alive, as even you, Hewitt, must be ready to admit, or I wouldn't be here to-night to tell you the story of my terrible adventure in the Dovrefeld mountains." Anxious Mistress: "Why, Hannah, I'm sorry to hear you say you've stopped saying your prayers. Aren't you afraid you'll go to the bad place?" Hannah: "Indeed, ma'am, I'm not worrying, for I've friends in both places." 