Princess Spïnawiy's Department. TAW'S ADVENTURE. (By "Ruvey," Fiji.) CHAPTER I. Under a cocoanut tree sat a group of native men mostly. They were talking excitedly aboi something. "I tell you, Taw, cried one, "yo won't be game to visit the cave where dwell J the silent regions all the spirits of the sea." "I will go," answered a boy of 17 or so, "an come back alive. 1 don't believe this story abo\ spirits." "Then go," jeered the men. "When you sc the green fire that burns upon the cliff you wi return In haste." "You will soe," retorted Taw, hotly. "Yo people of this island have most- unheard-of tales spirits that carry off your yams, steal the cocoa nuts, light green fires. A likely story. Strang spirits! Ah, ah!" He turned on his heel and left tho men, whc with a sneer, turned their attention on'a tarno of the native drink, kava. "Let him go," they grunted. "Another bow of yagona, Mosai," demanded the spokesman c the party, and took it without a word of thanks. Taw wandered about the native town till even lng. The town was built on the sea. coast, an was a gloomy place. Two miles to the left wa a tall cliff, on the top of which was a large cave as the natives said, filled with spirits, wh stole all their food they had planted and li green fires at night, but they never had the cour age to visit the cliff. Taw, a young native from another island, am hearing their tale of woe, said he would go am see the spirits, much to the amusement of the na tives. He was interpreter to a party of European mis sionaries, being able to speak English, and ha< accompanied them to this island, while they triec through Taw to turn the natives' heads from sucl superstition. The sun had set in all his southern glory, anc the stars were out. There was no moon unti late; so Taw determined to wait until it arose He sat on the shore, where ho was joined by some of the natives of the village. "So you are going to visit Vatu, Misa Taw?' said one. "Yes," he answered. "Will you come?" "No. I have to take a message to our Bul] (chief.)" . "How long has the green fire been appearing?" asked Taw. "Only this last week, but the cave has always been haunted," replied the other. They were both gazing in the direction of the cliff, which loomed black and grim against the starlit sky. Even as they gazed-on its summit burst forth a fire as green as the billows of ithe ocean, Taw sprang to his feet. "I'll start now," (he exclaimed. "I won't wait for the moon." He walked quickly along the road that led in the direction of the cliff, and soon the town was far behind him, and he was on the borders of the Silent Regions, through which ran a hot spring. The herbage was scorched and stunted, and not a sound broke the stillness. Everywhere reigned an oppressive silence. Even the spring bubbled up and ran along a smoking bed without a sound. Taw hurried along, andi soon came to the foot of the cliff. To his surprise, he found cunningly hidden by some thick scrub a footworn path that led up the side of the cliff. Trees hung convenient ly down their branches, by which Taw swung him self up the steep sides, this way, then that, to steer past some boulder ithat blocked the way. Soon, guided by the path. Taw found himself nearly ait the end of his weary climb. He paused to rest awhile, but was attacked by mil lions of mosquitos. They buzzed round him, bit him fiercely, till he was nearly distracted. He brushed them away, and began his climb again. There was wafted down by the breeze a strange burning smell. That fire, thought Taw. And a few more springs brought him to the top of the cliff, and to the door of a cave. Just outside burnt the green fire, from which came the strong smell. Near the fire sat-no ghost or evil spi rits, but a party of white men and a native. Taw dropped on his hands and knees, and listened to their conversation. "When shall we leave this awful place?" said one. "Are we always to be cooped up here on this cliff?" "I don't know, Jack," answered another. "I think we will risk being eaten by those natives down yonder (with-a sweep of his hand in the direction of the village); let's go. to-morrów, and see what fate they'll give us ; anything better than . dying by inches through these mosquitos." "For goodness sake put some more tar on the fire," groaned a fat little fellow, who was trying to sleep, but troubled by the mosquitos, could not get repose. The native who sat with them got up and poured some tar from a keg that stood by. Instantly the fire blazed up .green with the . gas with which tar is filled, and.to Taw the secret of the green flames was revealed'. Taw listened, and watched the men, and drew his own conclusions as to who they were. They were runaway sailors, or, perhaps, shipwrecked ones, for a sall served for a screen, and tarpaulin and two oars lay on the ground. The blade of one was broken. A cask for water served for a seat, and on it sat the man addressed as Jack. "You said, Pauler," said he, "the blackfellows have never seen you steal their food to bring to us." "No! Dey not see me little bit," answered the black. "Well, we'll go to-morrow to their town; you can itell them who we are. "No, no; me no go," the black cried. "Dey long ago drove me up near here, cause I'se make dem Bull cross." Taw was feeling cramped, but he was quite satisfied as to who ttiey were. He had heard of the man Pauler who had offended.his chief and had been driven from the town. 'He had been thought dead. But here he was living very com fortably on his countrymen's food. The moon arose over the sea, making- it one sheet of silver, and soon the moonlight crept over the cliff, malt ing everything as plain as daylight. Soon it re vealed our hero. . At the sight of him, the sailors Jumped up, tmif seized a revolver. "Don't shoot me," cried Taw, in English. "1 have come here to find out who you are; but I won't hurt you." Jack, the man who had levelled the revolver, dropped his arm. "Who are you, young man?" asked he, in a tone of relief. Taw came forward, cramped with his long crouching. He told them the reason he had come to the cliff, and of the natives' superstitions. "Yes, Pauler told us the burning tar would scare the blackfellows out of their senses." "Come down to the town," said Taw, "and see the missionary, my master." So they went. Just imagine the shame the natives felt when Taw walked into the town next morning, followed by the white sailors. All able to laugh to scorn, the foolish natives. The missionary, Taw's master, took the sailors to the nearest English port, where they got a free Ever Faithful. passage back ito civilisation. They had been ship wrecked, and only four had escaped in a boat, but that leaked, and just near the island it swamp ed. Pauler, the black, had put off in his canoe, rescued them, and took them to his habitation on the cliff, where Taw had found them on the night when he went to visit thé Silent Regions. (The End.) 