COIW PI.ETE STOHY. {SOW KBSr PUBTXWKD.] THE GHOST-MOM. MRS, CAMPBEtt. PRAEO, Author of •' Poiict and Passion." '•Moloch.' N •' Outlaw anil Lawmaker," &c..; <tc. [aix moirrs nssKBV£i> ] mm&m; MV//' «%fg •more de li jrh tf ui JI§^> 1* a t h e r Canal is— Dr.Ctnuii 1 alwav? call*: I'm because n( being iuj self of the Catholic communion X prefer, when it is pmais-uble, to u-<* rhc more secular mode ol ad-ires-. Be-ide* there was a certain savour of the world about Dr. C.-mabs. In some respects he was the typk-n priest of society—well bre . highly cultivated, dignified. courteous, and with mu-h know ledge of inori and of women—ho was indeed a frequent and ever- welcome guest in the houses of many 01 tho greni- Catholic nobii tx. Though of foreign extraction. he was to all intents an Englishman. and was the In-ui. r an important Catholic namiuary in i.»ondon. This position gave hi-n a greater freedom fhari is usual with thwolergi <»f the church o. Jtome. He was a Joiiit. wiiicli fact nud p-rhaps something to say to ni«. exsre-n*.. cjarm of manner, liis exquisite tact, and his v tried social gifts. There was nothing? of the asjetic about Dr. Canalia. one he in no si realised the conventional notion of the Jesuit priest. If there ever Jived an earnest, pure minded, and truly, religious man it whs my friend Father Caualis. i call hira my rri»ad. rhuugn f urn not :u a rule foua of priest* . and as my husband " tusiougs to the tinman persuasion. 1 have had some opportunities of observing the Wu> Fortunately Eustace is liberal in his view robust us well as secularly in his tastes, a; lias a keen sense of humour. Thus the priests ■who are his intimate fii.'nds are generally jncii of culture, and arc interesting apart irom their calling. Dr. CaualLs had the reputation of b-iug a proseiytist, and it was said that he had inado many a convert among a particular order of woinau—that which is essentially o. 3.ondon society—the kind of wotaan > gravitates by temperament towards mother church. I am not that kind ui Woman ; and Dr. CanaiL-. after one or two conversations in which I frankly stated tny objections to his creed, gave up any prnseiy tisiug notions he may nave mtertaiaed, and 'HO Jcr.OK* appreciate the man—hi* real sincerity, his almost feminine power ot :*ymputliy, hi? toleration of other opinion* than his own. an " bU practical common seuse. I met him tnoi thuu ouco us a guest during his vacation i the residence of u Luthoiic relative c , iMusiaco's, and so channel was i with the \- first sermon X beard him preach in relative's chupoi. that afterwards I ofteu went to hear hini at the pro- catheural, wherr his extraordinary eloquence and the pontic grac< of his diction caused him to be frequently chosen for the courses of sermons ioiivctvu there by popular Catholic divine-. I: was. therefore, vritu the greatest aaiistactiun that I found he was staying' at Can Lies oue winter when my hu.-banu and I uvnt out iu. weeks* .-unsbine—u .-ix weeks made met able ever a terworus by the companionship of Dr. Cana is. He had been granted leave of ubsenc account of iumr delicacy. Ho InoKeu worn and transparent, but uo serious s\ mptoms bad show them-eive> and it was no-. supposed that ho was in real dauger. Ho toid us that hi doctors prescription was too uveout of doom, to drive as much as pofisioio. ro nourish him self with food, and to give up work and study for u time Dr. Caunlis was not rich—what good Catholic priest has over more than suffices for the accessaries of existence?—we saw he denied him^oli the drives, whie were his greatest pleasure. and we, therefore, always made a poiur of asking him to accompany us on the diff rent expeditious w< made i" the ueighbouruood of C.uino*. One day we beggeu him to ao with us on ; railier long excursion to a queer little old world place iu the bids behind <ira>se, which is almost unknown to the ordinary tourist on the Riviera, and which yet has a history that goes back to the Saraceos, and was once the stronghold of almost the greatest of the Provencal families. Tiie piao- is called St X-ivier tie Contrau. I noticed that an excited look came over the pries*'a face, and he smiled with an : linos* boyi-h eagerness "•* You are doing me the greatest kiinlncss that you could have imugm«*u," h*» wiid. **I tceepc joyfully. I-kuow St. Xivier de Con Iran," he wont on. "I have iho most llrangc and solemn association with the pluce, which I have not visited tor many years. I lad an immense longing to go there again. Put it is a long expedition, and i cannot now walk over the hills as I used : and, in short, ihere are difficuhiV in the w«y." We knew what the difficulties were. J Father Canulis would have considered it 1 pitiful selfishness to wahte thirty francs on j carriage hire for the irmtifieaiion of u.scnti- i meutui desire of his own. I jumped to the conclusion that his association with the p a?c , tvus a sentimtritai one—he had Fpi.'k •» of it with a hushed tirop of his voice—and I ventured to ask hitn what :hc story w.i?. Tito hesitation of his manner etude me feel convicteu of an itnp»niucut curiosity. "i have hardly ever >puk~u of it." he answered. •* I don't think I could do so hero," anti he glanc-d round the crowded^ drawing room of the hotel. " Perhaps wlicu we ar^ there. It made a great impro.-sion on me. It tms to a great ez*c-ut influenced my iife." lie dia tell us the — tory when we were sitting oa a little stoco terrace. un abutment of the fortified wall of the old Chateau of Goutrun, after we had gone over the church, talked to the cure, had inspected the ancient portrait*, and had taken photographs— 1 una Eustace—of the principal features of interest in this strange human eyrie perched on i he Grass* hills. . Father Caualis hud left ns to this cc-iupa tiou. tie ima seemed curiously subdued : »he hectic m his cheek- glowed. tie and the cure hud gone oft' together. Then afterward?, wlieu leaving r.usuiculo develop the negatives. I huu .-troih'U through the narrow stp-ots of the village, ana gleaning on the way such uitoraiation as i couid irom the uatois of a picturesque crone siunitr spinning at cavernous door of a ruined house, ha-i ent< the oiiureu. I beheld Father Cauali** prostrate oez'orc me nigh altar absorbed in an * e«:aei J. softly otosea the dour, lor I oid not want «o ui-»turt> hint. Eustace was wailing for me m trout of th chateau. Wc went down some crumbling steps, aim cauie upon thistiuy terrace garden, closed in by a gray liehen .•ru'.vu parapet. Below us stretched the ucuutitui valley of the Siagiic. and beyond, tne Aieaitcrraueati misty »»n the horizon, A zig-zag path icu down the precipitous ;uco of tne iov& on which the chateau was built. To our right was the church—a rather imposing structure, with a tower and a Gothic doorway, anu iwt. finely curved images let into niche* oa each side" of tne great oat door. The church and the ruins ot the chateau uud ilie nouses near it ahoweu thai Goutran hud oucc oeeu u place of some importance. Eustace and I w«re speculating on its previous history when the priesr joined oa. There was upon his lace a curious iar-away look. He seated hiiiiaclt on a eench in the angle of the parapet and began abruptly — ••1 eaiti I would teii you the thing which Happened to me here, and which made to grcut an impres-iou upon me. It was in this very church —" We begged him to let u» hear his story. •4I warn you," he said, with a at range smile, •• that it is a ghost story ; uad you are now hearing it at first hand." As nearly us i can remember Dr. Canaii? told his story in these words :— "It is about iwcive year.- ago," tie >am. •• before i wad appointed to the seminary. I wim doing an urndu on the ee«l'm.sricai history of some of che.se old Provencal towns, and had come up here tostuuy the inscriptions in cno onurc.h. I had arranged to stay the aigw- in the chateau if my investigations should keep me too late lor the walk to liraase, and the cure being as I knew absent —he had as well the cure of that village yonder'1—Dr. Camilla pointed uero-» tlie valley 01 the Srague. " I hud gone into the church unnoticed. I hud remain'd there interested in my work.till the light failed.: ami then was suddenly roused iroin a mcdi- ; ration by the sound of the key turning in the | door, and knew that I was locked it). Ioould muxc no one hear me. and mtcr a while. , reflecting that I might as well sleep in the i church in one of the bare rooms of the' chateau, wrapped my cloak round mc, and ! oeiug very cired. was soon fact asleep. I "It must have «>eeu after midnight when j 1 awoke with aciuicus feeling of uucasiuess : The moon was shining brightly through : the wiudowa, and as I lay it »ecmcd to me , that the wall on the opposite side opened and ; dint the figure of a monk stepped forth and ! walked along the side aisle in the direction of ! the altar 1'he monk wrung his hands as i he moved, and ejaculated hi .1 tone *i deep I despair: * Is- here no ono who will aiy u| mass for my wretched soul?* Thou before he j reached the altar turned, walked slowly back I ro tho wad and disappeared. I '* 1 told mvself that the apparition was buf [ the virion ot a dr.am. and one*1 more slept. Again 1 was awakened by the same feeling of j uneosiuess. and again the monk stepped forth 1 from the wall and again wrung his hands j uud repeated bis mournful plainr. Tin's I time I knew that it was no dream. 1 got up 1 and kneeled before the altar in prayer and ! adoration, um theu once more lay down and waited rill the spectre should for the third time coma forth. As the clock struck the rhird hour, the ston« melted. iu» it were, behind the gh« a-', and it seemed us if tbo un happy being were directly ad ire.-biug bis perition to me as he wailed, * Oil, who will say a ma-s for mv wretched soul?* I got up and went toward- htm.*' "Huu you no fearir'* neked Eustace. 4k None.** replied Dr. Canuhs, "and I am teliimr you an absolutely irue storv. I do not believe that one has any fear of the super natural provided that he is cbn-ciocR of pure motive; at any rate I felt none then. .*1 will pray for vour soul if it be any comfort to you.* I* said; ami then I went into the sacristy, of which the door was open, and robed myself while the gkost-mouk waited at the steps of the high nl*ur; and then the ghost served mc a« I performed this strange nd solemn requiem mass " Dr Canalis paused •* Then ?" exclaimed Eastace. " The poiur of the storr hxs yet to Come," answered the priest dreamily. 44 Aa the. ik htood bj that part of the wall from which he had appeared, he paused for a moment, and fl<id before he disappeared. 'I thank you for having given n:o peace. There is only one way in wliinh I can show wr gratitude. Three day* before your death vo will see me «gain.*" . . . 44 Don't think ;e morbidly superstitious." Fatlwr Cauulis added, *4but as I prayed just now at that same spot, the presentiment was borne in upon mo that I shall goon reccivo that lonij.s.d visit *' He got up aUi*»spoke. 44 Did you notice." 2 e aid. 44 that space in the W ill oi the "hureh where the masonry appears to hare 3Com lately disturbed ?" We nodded. 441 have been inquiring of the attendant ere. and he cells me chat a portion of the wall foil uway a year or two ago. and that in { repairing the placo de w.«s discovered to be hollow. A fikelctou was found in the recess and also a cup and u platter. It is certain thai the ghust-monk who 6ervcd me at the aass was the fipecre of one walled tip alive, [ p"ihap« centuries ago " | There was a delay in our getting away i from S:. iX-vier do Gonfcran : the drive was | long a»u the way *tony. end one of the I borr^H -.vent iarae. A mistral had risen, and j i we reached *bc hotel long after suuser. chilled | [ to the bone. No one was surprised to learn : next day that Dr. Cauah's was'laid up with] an attack of congestion of the lungs. J I went to >ee Ititn a few days later, and I was | struck by the change in his appearance aud the wonderfully spirituals ri expression of his always rciinod and thoughtful face. 441 am glad that rou have come," he said, I quite cheerfully, 41 for I shall not eee you ! again. I an; glad too that I told you the ; story of the gho^t-mouk at Goncran the other I day. You know I mid you also of the pre i veutimeut which came over me that I should noon meet my spectral visitant again. He Cdum Us*, night. I shall die the day after • to-morrow." ; No reasoning could persuade Father! | Catralis out of his fixed idea, though the j doctors assured him. that there , was nothing j in his condition to give risa to any serious • (apprehension. Indeed, after aa iurerview j with the d«>c?or I felt sur. that rav friend was | labouring under a morbid impression. Noth ; ing could, however, hnv-- been less morbid ! than the way in which he set about arranging ' his worldly affairs — if, indeed, that term ' could be applied to the interests of one who was as regard* sordid matters so uuworhiiy. His presentitnr • . however, was veriiicd. On the third uight after the gho&t-raonk; bad app »ared to him he died as quietly as if he ha i been going to sleep. The doctors could ' nor understand the case: nor can I. I only • kuow that th" ghost story must be true, for ' Dr. Canulis wmb 'ncnpable of even self-! deceptiou. ] A physician dei-Jaros that people who sleep : with their mouths shut live longest. | 