The Indiau Messiah Among tho myflis and legonds which havo boon collected by Charles M. Skinnor arc the following, which have to do with tho Indian Messiah : — It was a common belief among the inhabi tants of ancient New Mexico that, when Montezuma came to pass away from earth, ho planted a troo which ho bade his followers watch. When tho tree Bhould fall, ho charged them, they must bo ready, for ho would return to load thorn on to victory and wealth. Tho peoplo kept tboirv watch faithfully, although it had to be in secret on* account of tho Spaniards. When tho troo finally fell, tho people assembled on tho housetops and turned thoir faces to tho east, but in vain, for tho while man was there to stay. . ( As late as 1890 a religious ivomy swept ovor tho Indians of tho west. ? It was a wide spread fancy that a promiso had been made of tho l'oturn to oarth of a grpat spirit, some thought Hiawatha, who would drive out the whites and leave tho Indians in undisputed possession of the land. In tho year mentioned, it was tho report that tho promised Messiah had como in the north, and tho chiefs of tho various tribes (journeyed to Dakota to boo if it woro true; ' The chief of the Sioux, Sit tipg Bull, told thorn in their assembly that he had seoa tho MoBsiah while ho was hunting in tho mountains. Losing his way at night, he had followed a star which seemed to guide him. Whon at daybreak it stopped over a beautiful valley, he sank exhaustod on a pile of moss. Groat numbers of Indians appeared around him, led by long dead chiefs, and executed a spirit dance. A voice spoko to him, and turning ho behold a man dressed in white, . who said ho was tho same Christ who had como iato tho world ninoteon hundred years ago to savo whito men, and now ho would! savo thq red men and drive tho whites away. Ho sftowed to Sitting Bull tho prints of tho nails in his hands and foot, and tho wound of the spear in his side. .Ho told him that tho Indians woro to dance tho ghost danco until the coming of tho now mooh; when tho earth would shako, tho winds blow, and all tho soldiers of tho whitcB. would bo swallowed up. . At night tho strange form in white disappeared, and Sitting Bull re turned to tell tliO'Story to his pooplo, and to teach them tho ghost dauco. 