Political Situation. Mit. Dickson canuot lio lielil entirely free from blame for the present delay of public business. Adverse votes were given on Wednesday evening week, but he allowed the House to adjourn as if all things were to continue as they have; been, till the end of time. Next day, i nearly twenty-four hours afterwards, hoj went down to the House and announced* that he desired to take time to con-, sider his position, and moved that the House adjourn till Tuesday; over a period including one sitting day, two non-sitting days, and a Sunday; But he needed only one day, for on Friday it was resolved that tho Govern: ment resign, and their resignation wai tendered next day (Saturday) at noon; Mr. Dawson wasscnt for in the after-*; noon of that day, but what can be dons^1, on a Saturday afternoon ? Ana nothing could be done on Sundayj The hon. member had only Monda'j for consultation; and it was onlP reasonable that he should ask the Hou,| to give him time. In this way live sittirl days have been sacrificed, when if 3j| Dickson had taken the usual courts Mr. Dawson must have said, on Tuesdjlj-' that he had formed 01* could not f a Government. The fates are ci?gi to Mr. Dickson; ho seems incapdfjlj of escaping their clutches. Havf lost nearly all the year over , federation lunacy* he closed his. career by bungling over his rcsig :B0 that oven tlio estimates for the year cannot he passed before Christmas, unless 2>assed without consideration. "What Mr. Dawson can do, it is for liitu to say. It is possible for hiiu to form a' Government out of his own party. But if the whole party is the head, wherewill he.tho body? He and his friends'pride themselves in being a band of Ishmaelitcs. The inconvenience of that situation is manifest at a time like the present. Ho has to form a party as well as a Government. To ask others to join his party is to ask them to do so on one of two conditions—namely, cither to accept all the party policy, or to accept so much of it as may bo litted in with the added material brought by the new allies. The former is'the consistent course for Mr. Daw son ; the latter is the necessary course if ho is to form a Govern ment that can last for a day. It rests witli him, therefore, to say to which course lie will set' his craft. Having resolved on a compromise, his real difficulties will begin, for it is not possible to form a party largo enough to be effective without including at least all who voted in the 01 majority on "Wednesday week. There ought to ho more ; for Mr. Dawson couid not carry on with a majority of three. 'The question, therefore, is if the middle parties, arid supporters of the late Gov ernment, will follow him in sufficient ; numbers to give liim the ghost of a -'chance. Why ask such a question? "The answer must he, no; and ho ought to kuow that right well. And under such conditions ho cannot ask for a dissolution. In any case ho could not, for his platform has been before the country for years. It would he without precedent for liim to do so. He must .shoot his holt, and take the consequences. His friends should tell him at once that an attempt to do anything that might bo made a pretext for asking for a dissolution would militate against liim ; that the Governor could not grant his request, or that if by any technical right he could dissolve the House, electors would he exasperated beyond measure against him and his party. It requires no prophet's eye to see the course that ought to he taken. A wholly new Government might he formed of those who voted in the ma jority on "Wednesday week, hacked up by members who supported the late Govern ment. Tailing that, all members of the old parties must come together, forming a Government made up out of all the parties; and that would be a very easy task. The names of members to form tho brand now Government are 011 the lips of all persons; and so also are the • names of members to form a coalition Government. They include two mem bers, at least, of the late Government, the others arc'quickly selected. The list includes Messrs. Philp, Chataway, Porrcst, Groom, Drake, and a central Queensland man. I 