OUR AMERICAN LETTER. (From our Special Correspondent.! New York, May 12, 1899. INTERNATIONAL ARRANGEMENTS. Last week, acting as the agent for Spain, the French Ambassador drew upon the Treasury for the 20,000,000 dollars which is the purchase-money for the Philippines. Only a very few years ago such a sudden call for gold would have raised the. rale of European exchange to the gold-export point, but in fact it hardly caused a ripple of excitement in 'the street.' Nowadays America is a constant lender to Europe of from one to two hundred millions of dol lars, nor is there any likelihood in the near future that tightness of the market will make it profitable to call that money home while Europe herself constantly shows a greater willingness to be put thus in pawn to the new world. Financial inde pendence has a tendency, of course, whe ther with a man or a nation, to give calm ness of deportment even in difficult situa tions, and this may account in some mea sure, for the composure with which the people and the Government now receive the warnings, threats, and, worse still, the friendly counsel daily cabled to them from across the sea. Talk as much and as loud ly as they please, however, the German agrarians and the French wine- growers and even the English ironmasters cannot change that law of economics which de clares that a nation which wastes the time pf its men in military manoeuvres and spends all its spare cash in guns and powder cannot compete commercially with one that grudges every hour and every dol lar applied to other than productive pur suits. If the Czar's Peace Conference could succeed in bringing the military es tablishments of Europe to the American standard, Russia would have an army of 135,000, and France a few less, and Ger many a few more than 50,000 soldiers, and Jiiuro'pe would not need Jonger to dread American supremacy. But that, of course, is not conceivable. Yet if the country were as easily moved as it once was there is plenty to worry about. Cuba is doing better than could have been hoped for, and, one by one, the old abuses are being swept away; but as soon as American control is entirely with drawn—as Congress will almost certainly at no remote date insist that it shall be — there will be a desperate struggle for power between the three or four great factions, and the United States will perhaps be forced once more to intervene. That is not an attractive programme, but no one has the moral courage to propose the ob vious alternative of annexation. The war in the Philippines again, with its utterly needless and yet 'unavoidable slaughter of the natives, is not a pleasant thing to con template, although even those who take the liarshest view of the policy of the ad ministration are unable to show what bet ter could have beer. done. Unhap pily American promises are in Filippmo eyes neither better nor worse than Spanish promises, and no one, therefore, can blame even them for throwing away their lives in a vain struggle. Two little quarrels with the Sultan of Morocco and the Sultan of Turkey have just been settled— one by a payment of money, and the other by a pro mise of payment — aud two other little ones with Nicaragua and Colombia will be ended before summer. France and Ger many, in order to end controversy about re ciprocity, are both playing the eame game, and almost in the same way. At Some, their Legislatures and public men denounce the United 'States for her unscrupulous selfishness, and propose all sorts of retalia tory action, while on this side of the ocean 'their agents are. at the same moment,, mak ing all sorts oi friendly proffers.: Thus, Prance has sen't a Commission to' investi gate American coal, and the Commissioners are quite clear that in price and qualrty it is superior to the Welsh coal which has heretofore b6en used by the French navy. Probably, if the President will throw off part of ifoe tariff tipon champa^e^-which is, perhaps, the one article in Which both sides are most interested, one, because it: is a very productive source of revenue, and t3ie other, because it is ;an article ?whose sale is (extremely sensitive to price — the French navy will agree to buy no more Welsh coal. Germany, top, has sent volun tarily a friendly Commission to fix up an ugly quarrel with American insurance companies. Four years ago, under a direct older from the Kaiser, the German autho rities drove the American companies out of Germany by insisting that tney should file an exhaustive statement of all their assets and liabilities. In retaliation, German com panies have been by law excluded from New York and ? other impor'Eant states, thus losing far more than they had gained by being freed from American competition at home. So, tlhie German Commission has been sent over to examine, at German expense, the books of the American companies, and will no doubt report that the companies are sol vent, and should be invited to reopen their branch offices in the German cities. Much is made of this most unusual stroke of com plaisance, and it is whispered that certain American newspapers have even been paid special rates for giving the news great pro minence. Yet, meanwhile, in the Reich stag, anti-American speeches of the fiercest are made almost daily — so fierce tha't they have to be formally expunged from the record. Even Americans, too, are doing a little sparring for position; for example, the experts have just reported -fhe distres sing fact that the pigments nsed upon Ger man toys— 3,000,000 dollars worth of which are imported here annually — are highly Eoisonous. An end to all this ignoble aggling must come at last; and it may well' be feared that then neither France nor Germany, nor anyone else will be en tirely satisfied. Great Britain, so far, has asked no favors for herself, although she has made friendly requests in behalf of poor, half -starved, little Jamaica; even though the heavens fall she asks for freer, or, better still, for free-trade without con ditions of any kind, uor will she accept anything else. the Anglo-American Commission, un happily, has ended in a failure, which may, perhaps, be irretrievable. But there is nothing to be gained by making counter reproaches,- and the sooner London and Washington agree upon a plan of settling all controversies, not in a lump, as pro1 posed by the Commission, but separately, each by itself, the better for everybody. Fortunately, Congress does not meet until December, end meanwhile the two Go- vernments ought to succeed in keening the hotheads in Alaska from coming to blows. For, of course, it is the boundary question which is really perilous. The temptation to break the peace is not, however, quite the eame on both sides, for since Ameri cans are in actual possession of the dis puted territory, and cannot be ousted, ex cept by force or a treaty, they have no reason to disturb the existing status. The Canadian authorities have already several times sent trooners over into American territory to make arrests, but the ^ men arrested have been voluntarily released, and their claims for damages are now duly filed away at the state department. The real point at stake, of course, is to get access to the coast, and as Americans actually hold every port and waLcway this is now impossible. „ Nor can Mr. McKinley give more than a temporary pri vilege to use an American port without paying duties. The only hope of real relief is by a treaty, which must pass the Senate by a two-tbirds vote, and no one believes that the new Senate will consent by any such majority even to an arbitration. Mr. McKinley's suggestion of a joint tribunal of three lawyers a side to examine and re port the facts was rejected by Canada with something almost like a sniff of con tempt, and the next step towards a settle ment will have to come from London. IMPORTANT DTSDEANPE DECISION. , An Appellate tDourt in New York has lust rendered a decision affecting probably a larger sum than any court in all past time has ever given judgment for— 57,000,000 dollars. Less than 60 years ago, the Equitable Life Insurance Company started in business with 100,000 dollars - capital, and its pro gramme, which pledged it to divide among its policy- holders, all profits over arid_ above a modest percentage upon the capital, drew to it great patronage. Year by year, it prospered, and although the capital remains the same, the surplus has risen to 57,000,000 dollars, the President, by the way, getting a salary each year equal to the capital. Yet every policy holder has received such handsome bo nuses that none, until last % year, com plained of the ever-swelling proportions of the reserve fund. But then a man whose 15-year policy for 20,000 dollars having ma tured, was credited with 3,500 dollars extra profits, figured up that he ought to have got 7,000 dollars more, and, bringing suit for it, he has obtained a judgment in due course. Of course, the suit is not yet over, for the judgment will have to stand the test of an affirmance by two yet higher tribunals. But, if finally held to be valid, the entire surplus will have to be divided — a task of extraordinaiy difficulty. Lucidly, the people who have already given receipts in full for what has been paid them, .will be barred from reopening their claims, or, at the worst, all such claims as are more than six years old will be shut out by the statute of limita tions. AMERICAN TRUSTS. The transfer of the Carnegie properties to a new company revealed the fact that a much greater sum than even the equit able surplus has been amassed in a single lifetime by a man %vho started without a dollar. Mr. Carnegie receives 150,000,000 dollars for his share of the business, and the new company will have a total capitalisation of 500,000,000 dol lars. The head and front of the reorganised bultnesa will be Mr. Frick, who, acting as manager in command at the time of the homestead strike, was attack ed in his office by a sympathiser with the strikers, and so desperately wounded that he hung between life and death for nearly a mouth. Even now, he goes about fre quently with a bodyguard — not, so it is said, because he thinks it is necessary, but because, in event of another strike, a body- ; guard would not mark by its presence a i change in his habits. Mr. Trick himself ! is only as yet one of the small-fry mil- j lionaiyes — a ten-million dollar man perhaps j —but he will now probably forge ahead I very fast. Already, it is rumored that some ) kind of alliance — a sort of 'gentleman's agreement,' tha!t is, an agreement based not upon a written bond, but upon honor — will be arranged with the eight or ten other great steel concerns, into which have now been absorbed nearly all the iron pro perties of the entire country. The Federal Steel Company alone within the last year ha«3 sweut together into one whole a score or more of large properties, aggregating in all 100,000,000 dollars; and the other great concerns have been zealous in the same direction, but not equally luoky. In all, should such an agreement be made. Mr. Frick would control nine-tenths of all American steel and iron properties — an aggregate nominally of about a thousand millions, and in market value about two thirds of that enormous sum. And alter that— England, Belgium, and. perhaps, even Germany and France, might be brought into the great world's steel trust. Wild as such dreams may sound, they ore not wilder than would have seemed the pro phecy 25 years ago that America, which then imported 95 per cent, of her steel, should to-day be the dominant influence in the steel markets of the world. But in order to realise their hopes, or even to continue in existence, all the trusts will , soon be forced to. make peace. with the people at, latge, and submit themselves to the sternest of legal supervision ^.nd re straint. At present, they maintain them selves, as the railroads did up to about'' 1890, by corrupting Legislatures and buy ing protection from all the bosses 'of all the parties. But when this corruption be came plainly manifest, in the case of the railroads, the people suddenly rose in their , ' might, and then the bosses and the Legis- latures yielded humbly to tlia inevitable, ond the inter-state commerce law, which took away from its owners the control of 6,000 millions of property, and vested it in a new special tribunal, was passed by Congress. Instead of hurting the railroads, however, the new tribunal, by putting an end to railroad wars, contrived to give both the people lower and permanent rates of freight, and the railroads a fair profit. And probably in the fulness of time this great trust problem will reach some equally satisfac tory solution. At present, however, the fight between the authorities and the trusts is raging fiercely. In Ohio, the Stan dard Oil Company, as is charged, has burned 27 cases of its books, and having failed in an attempt to bribe the Attorney - General with 500,000 dol lars — as the Attorney - General and his nearest friend both swear stands ready to flee at a moment's notice into the adjoining state of Indiana. In Michigan, a special -law has ' just been. passed, outlawing all debts due to any two persons or more, who have conspired to raise or depress prices; and in Missouri the Supreme Court, on appeal, have de clared all debts to the Lead Trust to be void and uncollectable. Even in New ., . York, a new tax has been passed, and needs only the 'Signature of the Governor to become law, which would cost the cor porations probably not less than 10,000,009 dollars annually. Of course, in such con-- fliots, it is mere folly to prolong the con test, and the trusts will no doutot, as did the railroads, seek to make peace upon fair terms, and become good, law-abiding citizens, and correspondingly happy ever after. CURIOUS MARRIAGE LAWS. The. country is ringing with, indignant comment at two particular sinners against the seventh commandment, al* though tens of thousands of other like sin. nera have not been noticed. A wealthy woman left her husband and two grown-ap children, and having lived openly for seve ral months with the president of the Demo cratic Club, Mr. Perry Belmont, was tlivoroed in due course for cause, the de cree forbidding her to marry again in diis state. But within two hours after the .-de- '???'? claration of the decree She was married ??'.. . to Mr. Belmont in the adjoining ttate of , ' Connecticut. No doubt it was an error -?£ social judgment, but Mr. Belmont seems to have thought it due to his reputation as -a'. *'preux chevalier' 'to make reparation in! the most public and open manner possible to the woman for the wrong he had led her into. That, perhaps, is the reason why; every one seems to have selected this one guilty pair as scapegoats. Mr. Belmont's brother Oliver married the lady who was formerly Mrs. W. K. Vanderbilt, but in that case it was Mr. Vanderbilt who was found guilty by the court. What makes the matter worse, perhaps, is that a young farmer having at 18 foolishly married a school teacher of 28, left her a few years ago, went west, got a divorce in due course in Dakota and then came home and open ly married a 6econd wife. But the courts held that 'the Dakota divorce was not valid in New York, and he was therefore tried for bigamy and convicted. However, as it was the first case of the kind the court sus pended sentence, ^and he is now happily living with wife No. 2, whom he will, of ... course, remarry in some adjacent state. ? Many efforts have been made to secure a uniform law of marriage for all the states, *? '^BS^.ppinlon ' fn: the .several .states- is so ?fetally 'valiant that agreement as to what .sho'uld be the grounds for divorce is not to . he hoped ior. One thing much diseussed is as to whether the Belmonts are to be forgiven, or to be boycotted by their own .set', '.but general opinion leans to the side 'of leniency, and, if anyone attempts to draw a line there will be a good deal of hot fighting. Politically, Belmont will certain ly be neither helped nor harmed by what ? he has done; such matters are held to be strictly private and personal business. TBUST THE PEOPLE, JTo less than four State Legislatures have this spring found themselves unable to agree upon the election of a United States senator, and this has given new strength to the movement to elect senators by a' direct vote of the people. In. Virginia, too, the Democratic machine insists upon putting up a sitting senator for re-election, although at least three-fourths of the people wish the honor to go to General Fitzhugh Lee. 'A convention attended by nearly a thou sand Virginians has therefore been held to demand popular election of senators as a constitutional amendment. Certainly, the legislatures pick out many bad men — such as Boss Quay in Pennsylvania, and ►Boss Platt in New York, who would not Jhave a ghost of a show of success at the polls. The same thing is true to some extent even in regard to judges; for the worst Judges we have are to be found in the ap pointed Federal judiciary, and not in the 'judiciary which is elected by the people. lYet, of course, in small districts, the petty elected judges may be of very indifferent quality. The remark of Lord Russell a fortnight ago at a London dinner in the presence of Mr. Choate, that except upon the United States Supreme Court bench American judges did not represent the best (element of the profession, might, if it had (been permitted to pass unnoticed, easily 'have got the Minister into very hot water. But with a smile Mr. Choate said that in common with the 95,000 lawyers in the [United States, whatever might be their personal opinions, he recognised the fact that an elective judiciary ?was no longer an open question; half a century ago the people had decided in its favor,' and were perfectly satisfied ?with such administration of justice as they had, and would not dream of making a change. Originally, the fathers of the con stitution designed that neither the Presi dent, nor the Senate, nor the judiciary, should be the direct creation of the popu lar vote, even although at that time hardly more than one map in ten had the right 'to cast a ballot. But first the Pre sident, and then all the judges, except in the Federal Courts, the Federal Courts fceing only about one-fiftieth as numerous as the judges in the higher state tribunals, have been lT.ade pJccttve; and in the west several rentes have, by a lire-election an nouncement, practically made the senator ship elective also. In time, no doubt, the necessary amendment will be added to the constitution, and then the lart trace of distrust of the 'plain people' will lia-\\-c disappeared from American government. 