CHAPTER XI. There were strangers — " off-comers " thoy cull them in that part of the world—at the Gate Farm. The new inmateB had bought Jerry's«stock, and had purchased other cows, which they drove, as Esther had bo often driven Daisy and Dolly, to and from the beck-field. On a certain March afternoon the solemn troop of fawn, dun and red kine came up the lane, as usual, a carolled psalm behind them betraying the presonce of the milk-maid who followed at their heels, knitting as vigorously as she chanted in the warm evoning. A sturdy ligure, with red hair, and in a sea manlike suit of duBty rough Kergo, seemed to await the passing of the herd. He leant on a gate about a hundred yards from the farm, and looked, with glances of recognition,upon the cows. They passed soberly past him, and then the ligure of the singing zirl came in view. She waB dresHed in tho ordinary garb of a farm-girl, and lid broad red checks and coarse hair. The man who had bent over the gate eyed lior with a mixture of relief, disappointment, nnd curiosity. Then lie opened the gate, took a Btep or two into the road, and joined her. " You are bidin' at t'Gate l/arm, missis ?" he said enquiringly, aftor bidding her good day. "Aye," she responded, glancing up at him and Becing an unknown countenance. " How long ast'o bin thero ?" " What's yon to you 1" asked the girl brusquely. " It's a deal to me. I ha' tramped all day across country to get here to- night, thinkin' that tho folic I used to know war here still at t' Farm." " Dosto mean the Jupps ?" asked the girl, standing still in the road, and letting her kino turn in at the gato of their own ireu will. " Aye. Wheor are they flitted to ?" "Owd Jerry's laid i' th' churchyard, Tim's away somewhere t' South, and th' gran lady, as was their cousin once upon a time, is bidin' wi' her inesther, I reckon." '• Th' gran' lady?" repeatod tho other slowly. " Aye, Mrs. Sandys, I think tliey ca'ed her." " I ha' heard nought," said tho stranger, taking off his cap. and running his hand through his hair. " ftlaybo you can tell me about it. for I feel fair muddled." " Then yo' inun come in t' sliippen," re joined tho girl, " for I mun be olf after t' cows." She hurried across the cobble-stones, and the other followed her slowly, glancing round at the familiar objects. The girl sat. down to her milking, and a man in a smock brought a stool, and went to the further end of the shippen. The milk frothed from the two pair of hands into the pails, and the suulight streamed in at the open door. Tho blue coated utranger leant against tho wall, aud, to these accompaniments, beard the story of Esther, her grand leiu, aud hor marriage. " Thank-ye, missis,he said,when tho girl had finished, • thauk-ye." Ho mado no other remark, though ho breathed a little heavily, and asked for uome milk. When ho had drunk it ho took up his stick and bundle, and moved to the doorway, looking back over his shoulder to ask a ques tion. "la Mrs. Fhizacklea aiivo, up at th' Ciroft I'iirinV" he demanded cursorily. " Aye." said tho girl, looking round tho cow's tail at him. " An' Mrs. Shanklin, th' Bchoslmastor's wife?" " Ave," was again her rejoinder. " Then ye ean tell any as cares to know as Josiah I'hizacklea iB home again, an' 'as had adventures fit to malto th' hair on th' stallios at Overstone drinkin'-fountain stand on ond." And the stranger, as ho deliyored tliis speeuh, ahouldored his stiek, with tho bundle slung to tho end of it, marched from tho shippen across tho yard] and sot off in tho diroction of Overstone. '•She war my wife," he said to the hedges, aa he tramped along. " She war my wife, tight and fast." He chose lirst to go down into Overstone, partly because lie had no affectiun for his aspiring heirs up at tho Croft Farm, and partly because he had a Beries of thrilling adventures to relate, which wero to make him tho hero of the hour. Ho desired an audience for his talc, and an audience, more over, as large as Overstone could yiold. He reached the grey cold-looking town at about six o'clock, without meeting any acquaint ance upon the road; and turnod into the nearest public-house, his shoes sounding heavily upon the flagged lloor, as ho closed tho door, with its tingling boll, behind him. Tho landlord eamo out. and merely per ceiving a burly figure in the passage, gave his convential greeting, and opened the door that ied into the room behind the bar. Josiah moved forward, seoing three stout figures through the floating meshes of smoke. Their pipes wero in their mouths, their brimming ! mugs on the table boBide them. Their feet acraped a little on the Banded floor as they turned slightly to tho new-comer, who advancod Blowly into the stronger light, and then stood motionless. " Hey ?" ho said, taking off his cap, and revealing his features fully, " Hoy ?" HiB attitude, his tone, his: glanco as he bent a little forward, wore all so indicative of " What do you think of this, oh ?" that i tho three occupants of the room turned more completely towards him. One of them had j known Josiah Phizaoklea formerly. His J eyes widened and his jiw foil as he looked at tho man in tho doorway; then ho dropped his pipe upon the ground, where it broke i with a littlo orasli. " My God!" he said, bolow his breath. " I thought I'd gi'e you a bit o' a turn, Michael Aahburnor," said Josiah with much satisfaction. " 'Tisn't often yo' ha' a ghost as fleshed as I i' Ovorstono. I reckon yo' all thought I was drownded, now didn' yo' ?" "Dead drowned." gasped the other,breath ing heavily, and appearing half-dazed as he still looked upon this unforeseen resurrec tion. " Ayo, but I'm not bo easy to drown," re joined Phizuclclou, chuckling loudly, and drawing a chair to the tablo. The landlord had followed him into the room, and now stood with his hand upon tho latch, gazing from one to the other. He was now to Over stone, and at a loss to comprehend tho sud den excitement. " Yon man," said Michael AsSburnor, rising to Ilia feet and pointing to L'hizacklea with great solemnity, " yon man war drownded i' t' quicksands two year this comin' month o' May." Tlio others put down their pipes sit this remarkable statement, scratched their heads, and eyed Jop.iah phlegm.itically. Ho kept turning from one to the other, with satisfied importance. "I doubt now," ho said delightedly, " I doubt nosv there aro stallies un'wins an" weepin' willows set up i' Overatono Church yard, all on-aucount o' mo 1 " " Theer's a tou/batone," said Michael Ashburner, with profound gravity, " theer's a tombstone, sure enow." He still drew his breath deoply, outraged into heavy amazement. Josiah accepted the tombstone as a fresh tribute to his newly gained honours. Ho turned to tlio landlord, and ordered whisky all round. " We'll make a bout of it," l:e said, chuckling. " 'Tisn't every day as Overstone ..ha'such a story to boast of. We'll make a bout o't." Tlie landlord brought the spirit with Bome haste, and at last Michael Ashburuer began to que3tion this presence from the dead, Josiah nettled himself in his chair, and Jit his pipe before lie would tell any portion of his story. He had perhaps never attained so complete a fulfilment of his love of notor iety as he attained to-day. " Tak' a good look at me, Michael Ash burner," ho said complacently. " 'Tisn't so often you'll get a chance to peek at a mon as ha' bin through what I ha' bin through." " Asto bin through til!, quicksands V" asked Michael, bluntly going straight to the immediate point of the matter. '* Not exactly," rejoined Josiah, " but as near to't as anyone on this coast lia' bin." "Xh". horse war drowned," suggested Michael, as a stimulus to dragging out tho story, which Josiah treated as leisurely as a connoisseur treats old port. "Aye, aye. Th' last 1 aeed o' tho old horse j lie war rattlin' away wi't' cart to t' cockle- j beds, an' I warlyin' Hat ou my back i' o' j pool o' watter.j " Tumbled.gut ?" queried the landlord as! interested as anyone. i " That war so. Vou flee, it war my ) weddin-da.y, an' X had a sup or two o' whisky." ! " Thy weddin'-day ?" echoed Michael j Asliburner. " Aye, aye. But yon'a another story. We'll come to't b.v-and-by. Whcer was I ?" ! " I't'poo! u'watter," suggested one of the listeners. All had suspended their smok- j 11.1;;, and made an attentive audience. " Well, I lay i't' pool o' watter, lookin' ; up at't' sky. I don't someliow call it all to ; mind as clear as I might. But 1 know I looked to ono side, an' theer war t' tide, eomin' in, appearin' rather unpleasant to a : man i' my position. An' 1 looked to t'other ] side, an' theer war a si'jlit o' folk eomin' j along. So I set to, an' hollered." " Aye ?" chorused the eager audience " ayo?" " Thoy reskied mo," resumed Josiah solemnly, " Thoy reskied me, an' then they pressed me!" " Pressed ye!" " Aye, aye. Thoy war t'press-gang, sure j enow ! An, fro' that day to this, I ha' bin I Bervin' His Majesty's Navy. Josiah's story became still more thrilling after this; and, for an hour, he kept his lis teners absorbed. Finally he rotated how ho had been released, and had taken passage for Overstono on a coasting-brig. The storm had come on Boon after the brig had I left tho river, and the captain had turned ! her southward, intending to run her up tho Jjoyne; but the wind had driven her past tho mouth of the river, and sho had finally been wrecked oil the horse-hank opposite the little fishing hamlet of Chase Heyes. At this stage of his advonl.ures tho garrul ity of tho farmer soared into eloquence. He described tho wind and the waves with in toxicated fervour. He drank to the memory of his brave rescuers witli sobs and hiccoughs. Ho blesBed them, ho extollod them, he de clarod them to bo the finest crew of fisher men in all England. They had picked him up, clinging to a spar, when all those who had manned tho brigand gone to the bottom. As Josiah grew tipsier he began to insist that wicy huu put out to Sea solely on hia account; they were eight, ten, a dozen, twenty of them in a boat, all straining ut their oars to rescue one poor farmer floating on a spar in mid ocean. He endeavourod to depict the ocean in his whisky-glass, and, but for the forcible interferonco of the landlord, would have re hearsed his own sivim.ning exploits upon the wooden table. Michael Ashburner and his two companions had expanded, in tho eyes of Phizucklea. into a large audience. This audienco chceied iui'1 encouraged him when he paused in his pell-mell of words to distill mnndlin tearB into his pocket-handkerchief. Finally he rose unsteadily from the table, with a vaguo idea that he must visit his old friends and seek his wife. Ho shook hands with thirteen people, blessed them fervently and touchingly for their welcomo of a poor wanderer, wiped his eyes again and again, ami at Inst made, an unsteady exit, tottering down tho little paSBago, and stumbling out into the cool night. " Yon chap may ha bin near drowned, nil' had a boutfu' o' men out arter him," said the landlord, survoying the other three figures, all of whom collapsed upon their chairs in the littlo parlour, " but, to my thinkin', he's long- winded enow to set up a storm for his snn in any part u' th' land and sea wheer he happens to tintl hiSBon." And ho drew aside the short curtain to watch Josiah's figure zig-zagging away in the night. •' I've — been—in—a—storm—wheer 111' waves — like — mountains! I've been— pitohed—out o' a brig-an-ha' swum miles-an miles in-a-sea!" I've-been—reskicd- by-a orow-o' twenty in—a boat!" chanted Josiah tipsily and drowsily to himself, as lie stag gered on, marking long pauses in his recita tive when ho occasionally stood still for a moment, swaying to and fro. " X'vo-got-a-wife-aa thinks she-is-a ' gran'—lady," he went on presently, running his words one into tho other, and steadying | itiinaeir u^ainot u pOSt that ho might iiuisii his sentence undistracted by tho elfort to ' maintain his balance. As he le.int up to i the post he surveyed tho twinkling lamps of i Overstono with bonevolenco, surmising that ' they were stars. Then he sang a few more ' bars of his soliloquy; nodded confidentially i to a crescent moon above him ; and ! meandered deviously on. I A little glimmering zig-zag of water wan dered prosentiy across his path. Uaaiey j Beolc was. just here, buroly more than a I shallow trickle. Lower down it waii joined ' by the Upper Bceli, and frothod out into a brown creaming atream. Josiah placed ono foot upon the llrst of the atopping- atones, and broke lustily into his chant anew. " l'vo—booii-iii-a-sea-aa roared-thirtcen-to th'dozen! I've-bcu-washed-through mighty waveB-atop-o'-a-broken spar ! I'vo bcon roskied-by-a—" The song broke off in a fall and a splash, for tho hero of the wreck had toppled over into tho brook. Be lay on his back among tho weeds and crcseoB, and smiled pleasantly at tho sky. Six inches of water rippled and gurgled musically about hie prostrate form: by-and-bye tho wot permoatod his clothing, but ha found it, on the whole, refreshing and agreeable to his heated skin. Bis head Bank a little deeper in tho mud, and the water be pan to dribblo into his ears. Ho lifted up his voice, and rosumed his recitative. " I've been-wreeked-on bank-o' Band i' th' midat o' a-roaring tempest. I've been-res kied-by-a-b-oat an'-a-crevr-o'-nobleinen! I've been—" Tlie rest was choked, for his head liBd sunk a little lower into theso calm moon reflecting shallows; and about an inch of muddy water began to flow over his mouth. His forehead was barely damp with the ripples; his burly cheBt bulged above the sur face of the brook. One hand splashed about a little, signifying perhaps that at last lie, trietl to riBe, Whether that wore indoed so nobody could overtoil; only by-and-bye the restless hand was still. A heron flew down the stream, and took up its station oil one leg beside him; and nothing but the musi cal bubbling of tlie water, and the occasional twitter of a bird disturbed the stillness of the night. He was found in the early morning by some labourers on their way to work. His head had sunk a little lower, then, among the glimmering green tresueB of the water weeds. When they lifted him, and laid him earefully on the bank, he had been dead for nearly twelve hours. (To be continued.) 