AT ^HB SEASIDE. MY DEAR MARIE, ? I DO not think it necessary to state -precisely my holiday retreat-, for you, who have visited most places along the picturesque coast of Victoria, will recognise it at once when 'I inform you that it con tains the best appointed hotels of all the holiday resorts. The visitors may be divided generally into three, classes - the beau-monde, the "trippers," who stay a week at the longest,1 and the family parties. . .Each hotel indicates, if not exactly one's social status, one's inclination and tastes. Teachers, small- salaried clerks, and tradespeople put up at the one Coffee Palace (no place can run mure than one of these caravanserais), or at the obsoure little colony of cottages, Ac the " swagger" - establish ment the visitors dress for dinner, dress for-bathing;1 dress tor promenading, dress for playing: golf arid lawn tennis, .dress for yachting, dress for fishing, dress for bush walks, and, in fact, pass the greater .part of the day in dressing to the character they as sume. It sounds preposterous-all this dressing but I can assure you that after the ficsG few days of delight in the liberty of "loafing" one really; finds enjoyment in this multiudiqous change of; attire and character. The visitors at this hoteL never become very intimate with eauh other, but there is a sort»£ club friendliness among those who have taken rooms for more than a fortnight, all the more t>n joyable, perhaps, by the frigidity with which the strangers wlio come down from Saturday to Monday are excluded from the club . oiruKS. At the second hotel, it can scarcely be termed- a rival, the'tarill is the dame, and the table d' h6to just as excellent, and the' boarders are far more aggressive in their pleasures. IToung and old people keep up a perpetual picnic festivity from early morning until late at nigub, indeed frequently the dancing of an evening is kept) up until the young people decide to have their sea% bath and breakfast before going to bed. Sleep is' begrudged and taken only on rainy days or when it is too late to play. The day's programme is arranged a$ breakfast time,. ttnd a start is made immediately afterwards. There are fishing and yachting pafcries, excursions to the sights along the beach, picnics in the bush, and periwinkle parties on the sands. Jj'ow of the young people return to lunch unless the weather is unpro. piUous for picnicking. Then they uorne in and ar range for a dress promenade on the pier, where high heeled, fine-pointed ahoes replaue the easy sand shorts and muslin frocks tucked out with frills and fur belows replace the '' skirt and blouse." There is more fun in the evening. .No one troubles to don dinner dross, aud the lively spirits are in their element. There is au evening concert, or a moon light excursion or a dance. Every now and then a fancy dress ball is held, I, was present at one on Cnristuiab Eve. The excitement was intense. The visitors were given carlo blanoko to make use of the upholstery in the hoube, and the Bcene that followed Jtiaflles description. Amidst a merry babel of voicws the tables were stripped of their covers, the draw ing-room chairs aud mantles of the fanciful draperies. A burly young squatter, alec ting to appear as a " Gebha," monopolized everything Japanese in the place, including the fan out of the grate, and the artificial chrysanthemums in the vases, besides commanding the cervices of half-a dczan dressers. A fair " Mercia " appropriated a couple of sheets. Every fresh device and every fresh difficulty was greeted with a roar of laughter. The maids lent caps and aprons to a dozen dainty " Susettes." A large doll in the house provided a symbolic outfit for the belle who hit on the idea of appearing as " Lia. Poupoe." -.Little Dorothy Vane, with her'wonderful wig - of fair curly locks, would have curled her lips in scorn if she had seen the futile efforts of a. girl with thin wisps of hair, en deavoring to curl it with crimpers which would not get hot over a candle or a kerosene lamp. -No one would own to having any rouge, so " JLa Poupee " manufactured (a ' doll-like complexion by rub bing rose leaves and powder on her cheeks. Supper was provided at the expense of , tbe gentlemen/ and by the time the dancers sat down to.it their fancy dresses consisted chiefly 4of ornaments. There is another hotel which prides itself, upon its family connection, and there is no doubt about the family. Theory of the children never ceases, and the consumption of bread and milk is appalling. The mammas appear to have only one happy hour in the twenty-lour, thac is the afternoon tea, and tiie papas look as flabby as fish out of water until the Melbourne newspapers arrive about lunch time, Then they spend a Happy afternoon dozing- and reading, Io is the custom co ring a big bell about 9 o'clock, ostensibly to warn the bigger children to goto bed, but really, ic is said, bo intimate to the papas whJ have vencured into stranger billiard rooms or hotel bars that they must come home, ' ±}y JLO o'clock the hotel doors are shut, and before 11 o'clock the twinkling night-lights and-the fretful cry of infants indicate tnat " cired nature's sweet restorer, balmy sleep," is being courted, if not won. The Goffse Palace in. this place varies wonderfully . Sometimes it is lull of Sunday school excursionists ; then it becomes crowded wicn bactt-olocks settlers, the women tilting their pleasure chiefly, by sitting on the verandah, gazing: at -the sea' and' the passers by, the men sitoing on their heels and slowly cutting up tobacco. The women never seem to talk much, but occasionally the young men get into animated conversation over horse-racing. The other evening, sauntering past, 1 noticed a dear old lady .Knitting on the verandah, and two girls,- evidently her daughters, sitting by her couch, reading- thick books, a single glance at wnion showed tney were "classics." X Blaokoued my pace,' and just as I was hesitating how to strike up an acquaintance the strains of fcicnubeft's " Ave Maria" T*floa!bed out.from the gaunt, snaooy.sitting*room, the! harsh tinkle oi Che piano being subdued oy the' sweet'scrams a 'cello. 1 vvaiced until the music ceased, then- boldly went up co the verandan auduskeil one of the girls whether she was noc in;,the same class, with Eiiioat Trinity Hostel,-'", She - was not,, out I had gueBsed right tnutshe was a University girl and she knew JEilie. Ic was just what I had imagined. A large party of girls, students and school - toaohera, hud come down, and for a fortnight the shabby old place is transformed into a'delightful Ohntauqua, and I have discarded frivolities-aud am enthusiastic for plain living and high thinking.: . ., In spite of numerous attractions on Monday, the great holiday was spoilt by wet and boisterous weather,- l'he New Year race meeting at Fleming ton diew a very poor bpi'inkling .of women, though thb men rolled up in groat numbers. .Kanoy having to unpack furs and wraps for a New Year meeting 1 iVlosli ladies preferred to spend the day mdoorB and look forward to the Qciaha or Madame Sans-USno'iu. the evening. The theatres were paoked, and both of these bright shows kept up. sheir record by attracting all the fashionable pctople who have remained in town. " ' , The weather on Tuesday, the final day of the intercolonial cricket , match between Victoria and South Australia, was all that could be desired by spectator^ and the crowd that assembled on the M.O.G. ground thac afternoon was a representative one, although numbers of the "protcy dears in muslin" who uaually congregate in the reserve weie away enjoying the 'holiday delights of tho aoa-aido. Thore was oousoiiuuntly loaa promenading on tho slope beiow tho stand, ami nohnnioH ant and smoked steadily, while watching the game with keenly critical zoofc. Amongst the crowd, one of the smartest dressed of the married contingent was Mrs. Wesley-Hall in a dainty confection of black and white. Every day Mr. and Mrs. Wesley Hall were conspicuous figures at the match. Sitting near the happy couple were another very familiar group of cricketing enthusiasts-Mr. de Verdon and Mrs. Daniels and her daughter. This little party saw the commencement of the match in the fore noon, and took their ^luncheon in al fresco fashion. Two Adelaide girls, sporting the gay colors of the visiting team, barracked heartily for the South Aus tralians, and were quite scientific in their explana tions about the rain having spoilt the wicket and preventing the South Australian team from having the " ghost of a show" of winning. Another group of Adelaide visitors were magnanimous enough to dine with a party of Victorians at the Vienna cafe that evening. Tnere /was not a red umbrella to be Been all over the grounds, it being a rather curious fact that the cricket craze has put a veto on the scarlet sun-shades that were so fashionable in the early part of the season. The meeting of the Federal Council in Melbourne this month, will be an oasis in the social desert. Lord and" Lady Brassey intend to entertain during the Federal Convention, and all the political families will follow suit. . There is quite a Toorak settlement around Hobart for the summer months., Mr." and Mrs. Suetonius Officer, Judge and Mrs. Gaunt, Mr. Justice VBeokett, Professor and Mrs. Tucker, have taken cottages in the picturesque vales around Hobart. . Mr Clement Vallange is camping out with a num ber of brother officers. His pretty wife is spending her grass-widowhood quietly with Sir John and Lady Madden. . . ' -A large party of .Melbourne bachelors went over to Sydney for the J&andwick; race meeting on Boxing Day, including Mr. "Baggie Bright, Col. Selwyn Campbell and Mr. Cecil Fiaken. . Melbourne girls were in request among the eli gible yiartis from the other,.'colonies last year, and this year of grace 1899 promises to be greatly pro pitious for Victorian girls desirous of bein^ 4'settled in life," The marriage of Miss Dolly Locke, an Easendon girl, to Dr.-Randall, a resident of Adelaide, whose engagement'was announced abouc six months ago, takes place next week. An interesting engagement announced this week is that of Miss Ida Burke to Dr.-Gerald K. Baldwin \--a Hobart gentleman. Miss Burke is a very ac complished and talented girl, having > been one of the most brilliant pupils of the Convent of Faithful Companions at KewV The engagement came about in a rather romantic way. A younger sister of Miss Burke is practising as a hospital nurse in Hobart, .where she meb.tlie family of DivBjildwin; and waan the late Dr. Burke became ill, strange to say, it was this Hobart surgeon who acted as his loowni tonens. When Dr. Burke died*D|r. Baldwin made arrange ments with the family to take the North Melbourne practice over, and now his engagement iB an nounced to the fair daughter of the popular vefcoran practitioner, whose death is so sincerely mourned amongst his numerous patients and friends, ; ijjfppA New Zealander-Mr Charles Todhunter-is ^SwSbout to join a very good old Irish family by a mar ,jf£rxage with Miss Ethel Pemberton Piggott, daughter "H® Colonel C. W. Piggott (late Essex Regiment), of Jlevoy Castle, County Wexford, Ireland. A medico who was.known to have a very senti ental view of matrimony, and the gift of poetising (rettily. suddenly cast all bis tender fancies to the inds, and following the advice of Tennyson's York ire farmer, "did na marry for money, but gang ?here money is." The shrewd M.JB. met, wooed, and .on the young lady of fortune in the short space of [month. The hospital colleagues who scorned his ' ymeB, now admire the depth of his reason. ' Another engagement amongst the medical fra arnity is that of Dr G, Syme, the clever surgeon,-to Liss Berry, of Camberwell. A wealthy Melbourne bachelor, who has a fatal icility for dropping his h's, is said to have lost his lance of winning all the fair damsels he ever loved |y commencing the important proposal with the isastrous remark that he was " 'oping for the 'onor 'or 'and." The last girl who refused him ad mitted with a sigh that she would not have minded |is lack of aspirants if his fortune had been equal to le strain. But her cousin, who subsequently mar led her, demonstrated by simple arithmetic that it yould cost jS5,000 a year to convince society that the fegieot of the letter JUL was only an impediment in lis speech. p!|§| Brighton - residents .were excited this week over .vthe marriage of Mrs. Yuille's only daughter, L,',u&Jeatrio6;, to Mr Carey Bryant; owner, of an estate S^iiear Plaistow, Victoria. ? The wedding was con rft jiucted with eclat, and a bevy "of blue dressed i^.fcilidesmaids and two- pages of honor imparted a M^ctureBqcie effeot to the scene in S6. Andrew's "Ijhurch. After the ceremony Mrs; Yuille threw en her hospitable house to a large company, and marquee on the lawn presented a gay and limatud scene when the. quests sat down to a ding tea, The bride and bridegroom left dur fcke afternoon amid a shower of rose leaves. A gnificent collection of presents prove the bride's ipularity, and the esteem in which both mother d daughter are held. |The favor in which Mr Gordon Lyon was held by Captain acid the Hon. Mrs Freeman-Thomas has left him a favorite with Lord and Lady Brassey, and he is about the first young Australian bachelor who has been invited to join /the vice-regal party on a cruise. Rumour says that a Certain social " lion," like another " curled darling of the fair," has lost in speculation much of the fortune that established .them in their present position among the eligiblea" of Melbourne. . 1 Hospital nurses are, it must be admitted, over worked and little considered, when any comfort.' or convenience costing money is desirable. Neverthe less the greater, part of tlieiu are cheerful and unco'mplaiuing,' enthusiastically devoted to their profession, and mora inclined to make a joke of "roughing it," tnan co agitate for reasonable reforms. Just now they are absorbed in prepara tions for their annual dance, and. at the Alfred, the Homooopathic, and the Women's fiospitals the nurses talk when not of " cases " is remarkably like that of young misses enjoying their first Heason of balls and parties. Silver and gold "loving cups" are the latest fashion in wedding presents. American brides dur ing the past season have been presented with some magnificent specimens of "loving cups," encrusted with jewels and inlaid with enamel. Five years ago Uie Earl of Hopebouu presented one of these .cups as a.parting gitt to Mr and Mrs Chester Mani fold, of "XaUnclert/J Campordown, alter a pleasant visit to the station with one Countess of JdLopetouu. Tne Jklamfold larniiy treasure it not only for its in-, trinsio value, but for tne pretty sentiment it ex pressed. " , A learned professor who occasionally en joy b an afternoon siesta at the Melbourne Cluo was sleeping during a heated discussion amongst some of tne members, on religion in tne abstract. Ac the end of a fiery debate, one of tne talkers, noticing that the dou had his eyes open, said, " Well, what do you say to all this ? Have,you faith in the immor tality of the soul?" " I have no doubt about the immorality of tiie soul," sighed the don, as he yawned and adjusted liis jpinco-nos. Here is a queer story, A divorce, on the eve of his second man iage, consulted his solioitor on the question of alimony for his former wife. He had been paying £15 monthly for some years, and he proposed to settle a lump sum in quittance of all claims. The divorced wife accepted the terms, and by the advice of a friend on tne Stock Exchange was so successful in speculating in mining shares that she is now a rich woman, and intends to take a trip to Europe. . Since a certain aristocratic member of Melbourne Society fled to the harbour city to spend the Christ mas holidays, people are reiterating the old queries as to whether there is " anything" in his devoted attention to the fairest belie in Sydney. A certain popular actress has become such a favourite with'Ctie uianager of the theatre, that there is no fear of her leaving the colony as early as was threatened. We may rest assured that we shall nave her smiling face before us for many a lcfng day. Yours affectionately, . STELLA. 