THE GHOSTS OF BALLE.OHIK Early-in 1898 some letters appeared in: the London "Times" concerning ghostly phenomena in the beautiful mansion of Bal lechin, Perthshire. A bpblf on the subject has now made its appearance/ ' It is en titled "The Alleged Haunting .of B—— House, edited by A. Goodrich-Freer (Miss X) and John Marquis of Bute, K.T.," and gives a record of the investigations "which were carried on in connection with the ghosts. Soon after Miss Freer's arrival at Ballechin she had the following experience: —"Against the snow I saw" a slight black figure, a woman, moving slowly up the glen. She stopped, and turned and looked at me. She was dressed as a, nun. Her face looked pale. I saw her hand in the folds of her habit. Then she moved on, as it seemed, on a'slope too steep for walk ing. When she came under the tree she disappeared—perhaps because there was no snow to show her outline. Beyond the tree she reappeared for a moment, where there was again a white background, close by the burn. Then. I saw, her no more." •This was'not the only wpman who was seen. There was another in grey, and an old man. A dog had also left the happier hunting-grounds to revisit the glimpses of the moon. Lord Bute seems to have taken part in the investigations, but he was not particularly successful. To an eminent ec clesiastic whom he kept informed of his proceedings he writes:-r-"Soon after 6 p.m. I went to the place near the' burn where apparitions have so often appeared. I read aloud the vespers for the dead, but no phe nomenon appeared, nor had lany sensation. About 7.30 I went to a roomwhieh I will call A, and read aloud the first Noeturn of the dirge; there was nothing to be seen or heard, but I felt some physical incon venience in beginning, like an impediment in speech, and I had a very strong sensa tion that there were persons listening." One of his lordship's maids was more for tunate—or unfortunate. She \"saw the bust of a woman with short hair, as though sit ting at the foot of her bed." On other occasions Lord Bute resumed his incan tations, but with no better luck than be fore:—"Soon after 10 read the third Noc turn in A. Made slips of pronunciation, and felt the presence of others very strong ly, and that it was 'hostile; or evil, as though they were kept at arm's length; a disagreeable sensation continued until I threw some holy water on my bed before getting into it, when it suddenly disappear ed. Next morning I said Laud in A. I had no difficulty in utterance; the sense of.' other presences was not strong, and I had no feeling of hostility (on their part), but rather of their having to put up with a slight nuisance which would soon be over." Finally a bishop and priests visited Balle chin, said mass, and sprinkled the rooms with holy water. At first this made no difference, as loud bangs were heard upon a table. The bishop and priests persisted, there was another bang, but more faintly than before, and "this bang was the last phenomenon of an abnormal; kind during the tenancy." And this (exclaims the "Westminster Gazette") is the last year but one of the nineteenth century! 