A NEW NERO. A REALISTIC ROMANCE. CHAPTER V. —Continued. BY EDGAR FAWCETT, AUTHOR OF "An Ambitious Woman," “The Evil that Men Do," Etc. So, then, I found myself free of all spying chances. It was a bitter and rainy out-of-doors, but the hour was still carly. I had already procured all the means required for the disguise which I had determined upon assuming. As previously told, I was a chemist of much knowledge, and what X now proposed to do had not in it the faintest ex perimental hint. The bath which I ston made (or mvsolf would, I felt certain, render mo of a dark, almost black, Indian-like co lor for t he next six days. By that time I ho dye would gradually begin to disappear, ami no agent whereof I was ftwo (which really moans no agent at all) could bring mo back to my normal complexion imtil three wore davs had elapsed. The liatk dved every portion of my body. This was what I considered the safest plan, and 1 unflinchingly carried it out. If any attempt was made'to investigate ray “color,' the trial would for tliis reason result in total failure. After the bath, while my toilet, I had strong misgivings as to my face. The intensity of the acid which I had em ployed (rendered harmless by other counter active ingredients) had not yet begun its as sertive work. But. a little later my anxiety wholly ceased- I regarded myself in my mirror with entire satisfaction. I was not by any means a negro, but I had acquired so deeply dusky a Tint that this, taken together with my naturally black locks, black mous tache and clear-cut features, made mo look as if I had but lately landed in England on one of the Calcutta steamers. As for my real face, tliis alteration of hue made it completely unrecognisable. I was confident I could go where I pleased without a chance of being suspected. My own mother, if she had been alive, would not have dreamed that I was her son. The attire in which I clad myself was ex cessively plain and dark. I intended to leave London Chat night for a towiv v about sis miles from Graydon Hall, in which I was totally unknown, and which belonged on the borderlands of another country. I packed the smallest of portmanteaus, determined tc do with as few conveniences in the way ol luggage as decent cleanliness would permit. Every tiling was presently ready. I had my plain for passing the watchman down stairs. The building was a large one, and contained many lodgers. I had wrapped myself in a great coat, with an enormous col lar. The halls wore always kept dimly lit. When I reached the last one, in which the custodian of the house was nearly always tc bo found, I would hurry past liim with mj abnormal coat-collar turned up and ray fact buried in it. -If be challenged mo I would laughingly tell him who I was, and declare that a wretched sore throat had lately at tacked mo. If he offered to call a cab I would say that I was hurrying to enter one which a friend had ready for mo near by in Dover street As for my small portmanteau, I had strapped it about my person in such a way that it hung down between the rest portion of my limbs and was quite concealed by the long folds of my coat. Locomo tion was thus shorn of case, but the bag, after all, was not large enough visibly to im pede it. especially during the few moments n which my passage should bo remarked through the"gloom of the lower hall. I had turned down ray gas, and was about :o quit ray apartments, when suddenly foot steps broke the stillness of the outside hall way. They soon paused at my door. In another minute sounded the voice of Eger ton. “Cousin Harold, are you in? They told mo downstairs that you were, so I just ran up." "Of all infernal things 1” I thpught. Stand ing perfectly still, no! daring to move, scarce!y daring to breathe, .1 waited for the knob tc be turned. This presently was done. “Har old ! Harold!’’ at the same time called my cousin’s voice. Again, after a slight inter val, he repeated my name. Then I hoard him give an exasperated sigh, and soon after ward Ins retiring steps made me sure that he had departed. And now I became aware that he had thrust a paper below the door. After wait ing till the outside hall was again completely silent, I possessed myself of this paper. It was a rather short note, addressed to myself. It informed me that tho Oxonian career of Mr. Egerton Mountshiart had come to a pre mature end ; that ho would take an evening train to Graydon Hall ; that he meant scorn fully to snap his fingers in the face of An drew Cragge and all tho other Cragges, and that ho liad hoped to see me and liavc a chat with mo before be ran down into Derby sliire. This note pleased me vastly. I now knew the exact date of Egertoivs return, and hence could calculate with more or less precision upon tho time at which he would meet Mark. Still, my knowledge on tliis point was most aggravatingly vague. Iliad clothed myself in tho darkness of that Shadow which might steal between Andrew Cragge’s son and his foe, but how such intervention might be brought about was still a very dubious ques tion. Leaving the house without suspicion seem ed now beset by a new obstacle. After wait ing a good fifteen minutes, I resolved boldly to quit the lower hall and merely give the watchman there some curb, evasive answer, provided ho should seek to know who I was. But, as it happily chanced, he allowed me to pass him where he sat drowsily iii a little coign of gloom. I can only explain this course by tho fact of Ins having taken me for some visitor who liad arrived at one of the lodgers’ rooms previous to his term of sen tinelship. As for his explanation of Egcr ton’s not having found mo in my chambers (since the man himself had seen me enter the building a little more than an hour ago) I can only class this among the numerous faults of lazy inattention which so few servants are without. Before midnight- I had taken a room at the chief inn of the small town which I have already named. Whether I was held to bo a negro or an Indian mattered little to myself, the hospitality winch greeted ihe failing in no detail of courtesy. I slept a peaceful sleep that night, as I always did, and woke rather early to find that the rain which had followed me out. of London was replaced by fitful yet assertive sunshine. On the guests’ book I had written down my name as “Mr. Khaled, London and though I was prepared for some sort of pry ing inquisitiveness in the way of verbal at tacks either from the landlord, the fellow lodgers, or the waiters who served me, in this regard I was most pleasantly disappoint ed. It happened that n very famous neigh bouring ducal estate to on” exhibition that day, and when tho man who att ended me-at breakfast respectfully asked me if I designed going thither, 1 replied that I did. But Laddiswoodo Park, noble and pictorial though I knew it to ho, failed to lure me this morning. I set forth in its direction, but soon changed rny course. As I walked towards L— and finally reach ed it, the intense difficulty of my task as sailed mo. True, I had no fears for the per fect efficacy of my disguise. Buk in a quiet village like this, a swarthy-faced stranger could not hope to escape notice and comment. On the other hand, I was confident of two things: first, that the old careless generosity. and hospitality of my late uncle still held sway on his estate, and that from morning to night all who had any semblance of being reputable tourists could roam at will thebeau-, tiful wooded domain. Second, that the wrath of Mark .Cragge would quickly manifest itself os regarded an attempt to seek an interview with Egerton, I was so well acquainted with every nook and corner of the big, bres thronged park, that to hide there all night, if I chose, would nob have been by any means hard; and I even recalled a certain part of the waU which I could scale, at a •pinch, if desirous of getting away be fore sunrise. Tho stones at this particular spot, had become partially dis lodged, and tho meadow' just beyond their semi-rum lay but a brief distance from the turnpike. I had purchased in London some biscuits and a flagon of brandy. These were in the small portmanteau which I now wore strapped against my person. The big coat X had loft at tho inn, intending to reclaim it if I returned there, and in any case feeling heedless concerning it as a future means of identification, since it was a garment that I had never worn more than onco or twice— an "ulster” of the. cheapest and most ordinary kind, which I had purchased more than three rears ago during a trip among the north country lakes. Boldness or nothing must now bo my policy. The nearer that I could bring my self to Mark Cragge the surer were my chances of winning at the strangely hazard ous game which X had out to play, X passed the lodge-keeper at Qraydon without receiving from him the faintest uncivil hint. Ho evidently took mo - for on In* dian gentleman who was “doing" the country with solitary zeal. Soon I found myself, moving among the, fa miliar forestry of Oraydoh. The fresh blue of the sky was blended with a kind of wintry pearl. Against it the nude tree* boughs interlaced and iutertangled their dark curves. The sward, underfoot was tarnished in tawny patches, with intervals of an almost venial green. A sleepy yet nipping wind rustled the dead leaves in hollows of tree trunks where they had long ago sought re fuge. poor fugitives, from rigors of far sterner airs. My love of nature in all her protean phases made me pause, now, and watch this cucompassmont with a tingling relish. 1 have never at all understood why beauty m tho outer world so keenly affected me- The pleasure had surely nothing “divine" about it. Buskin could not have explained it from lus religious theories of art, since behind all the charms and grandeurs of earthly creation I was sensible of no latent deity whatever, I simply enjoyed, with a sensuous delight which I suppose might have been called iKi gali. I loved a sunset as I loved a sonata by Beethoven. My own existence has always seemed to mo ah incarnote refutation of the creed that ethics and aesthetics are in any way connected with one another. Granting that I was (and still am) one of tho vilest of living creatures, I maintain that ray apprecia tion of the beautiful could not nave been stronger if I had ranked among tho most spot less of my species. Only, that point about my torpor to all the appeals of poetry—here I have always been troubled by a sense of bafflement, of mystery, of spiritual defeat. The homo of Andrew Oragge was easy for me to find. I strolled towards its doorstop like one in an admiring daze at tho pictur esque facade and the graceful groups of en skirting evergreens. Just as I had come within twenty yards or so of tho pretty ivy clad porch, I perceived Andrew himself, wearing his hat and carrying a stout stick, open the front door, close it sharply behind him, and descend upon the lawn with lowered head and troubled face. He, hi turn, was not aware of my presence until he stood quite close to me. I quailed a little under the effect of his sudden scrutiny. This was the first real trial of my disguise. What if ho should see through it in a trice ? But the next instant X secretly mocked my own fears. Had I not tested the dusky mask that so delicately yet safely enshcathed my features? Andrew was always courteous ; I knew that of old concerning him, and the truth was proved now, when, in spito of his evident mental distress, lie greeted me with an affable bow. “A pleasant morning, sir." “Very," X replied. “You are one of tho guardians, I suppose, of tliis very fine es tate?" ■ Tm the head gamekeeper, .sir. “Ah, yes?” I returned musingly. “That has a familiar sound. In India, on tho larger country-places, wo have gamekeepers also.” I felt that the honest eyes were scanning my dark visage. ""You’re from Indio, then, sir?” “Yes, I’ve been in England only about a fortnight. You’ve a very pleasant little home here. I've no doubt you’re most happy in it; you certainly ought to be." I knew Andrew’s frank, expansive nature, and shrewdly calculated upon it just now, when perhaps emotional wortjmcut might render him even unwontedly confiding. I was right, “It ain't as happy a homo, sir, as it looks," returned Andrew, after an uneasy pause. “There was trouble enough in it, I thought, when my poor wife died, but there's worse trouble now. Still, sir, all this would bo no concern o’ vours—none at aIL” I was about to reply cordially, when a strange thing occurred. Coming toward, us from the direction of tho hall, 1 saw Mark. A frown gloomed his face, and ho held in one lumd what seemed to bo a half- crumpled letter. "My boy—my son—my poor boy!" broke from Andrew. “Is he in very great distress?" I asked. “Yes, sir—yes, sir. It’s a sorry case." 1 stood quite still as Mark came swingingly across the lawns to liis father. He glanced at me, and in his excitement doubtless thought mo a negro, and a most unimportant person besides. The grounds of Graydon were often visited by the oddest kinds of people, and it is more than probable that ho was well used to the garrulously social spirit of his father. That ono sweeping look was all tliat he gave mo. “The cursed young villain,” I heard him snarl, ns he reached Andrew’s side. “Hush, Mark—hush, ray boy. What’s happened at the Hall ? Tell me.” “I was refused entrance. T said Td wait outside till tho master wrote me, stating why lie wouldn't see me. I did wait, and at last this scrawl was thrust out by ono of the flun keys. It’s not long,- bub it’s very much to tho point. It tells me not to go there any more.” Hero Mark gave an acrid laugh. “It says my ‘infernal nonsense’ has been found out, and my 'threatening language’ had ‘bet ter stop at once.’ It’s all the hellish bully ing'of a young beast, father! It’s ” “Stop, Mark!—stop I” No doubt Andrew now made a gesture of monition toward myself. All the words thus far spoken had been just audible and no more, and while perfectly hearing them I had coolly turned my back upon tho speakers and become absorbed, to all appearance, in the prickly leaves of a holly-tree, as though I had never scon any shrub so cunous, feeling with my fingers tho thick, glossy leaves, and touching daintily the tips of their tiny thorns. “Who's that?” I heard Mark say in gruff semitone. “An Indian gentleman—a tourist j he’s strolling about Cue place." “Indian, eli? Oh, yes. He looks it; I thought he was a nigger.’’ “No. You ckn see he isn’tT'if— —” “Yes, Ido see. Well, father, tliis thing hasn't been settled yet. I’ll wait round the Hall till i meet that rogue face to face. I’ll wait from now till morning. I’ll wait all day to-morrow.” (“So will you,”-said my familiar devil to mo, while I went on touching the holly thorns and putting my head critically sidewise, as though I could not for my life classify this odd vegetable species—“so will you!”) “You mustn't talk that way, Mark,” I heard tho old man’s voice pleading. “I’ve got to, father. Don’t you bother about me.” “Mark! Mark !” v “Til kill him if he doesn’t right Madge. I’ll give him his chance first, when wo meet face to face, and if he tolls me that he’ll turn up his nose at the whole affair, I’ll shoot him like tho dog that ho is! I’ll keep watch up |at the Hall, and- ” “Hush, Mark! Hush, I say ! You’ll do | nothing so wicked. You’ll ” And here tho voices died away. Evidently tho speakers wore receding from me. I slowly turned, and saw that Andrew Oragge and: his son were walking arm-in-arm toward tho cottage together. At this point I loiteringly moved onward, convinced that to remain longer would bo idle and that by some fortuitous uoon I had gain ed untold innings. With ray darkened skin, with my audacity, with my -willingness to wait arid watch, to plot and plan, I had expected a task of un told hardship, ended by possible defeat.. But accident had aided me to a degree almost ridiculously unforeseen. As X pursued- ray walk through those leafless yet - attractive trees, 1 asked myself if what we term acci dent had mot lain at the root of nearly all the grand human successes. Alexander, Caesar, Napoleon—-where -would these three great conquerors have been if so-named chance had not often turned their abettor? . X was a reader of modern novels, but I disliked those of .tho Wilkie Collins order, those in which every event seems raechanicaly prearranged, and things happen as if they were fragments of tho multiplication-table, dove-tailing one into another. Tho stories that pleased me best were those that-showed the most clearly just how our destinies are moulded by the apparent caprices of chance. I had learned precisely what I wished to learn regarding Mark Cragge's present attitude towards his father’s young master. It now looked as if Mark would act as precisely tho destroying agent I would have rejoiced to make him.! Still, my presence here, though fraught with peril, was needful. The blow which waited to be struck might not strike home after all. I knew that Egerton was no coward. He would leave the Hall whenever and however •ho chose, despite menace. Throughout all that day, I afterwards discovered, a wretched headache and nausea annoyed him, due, por liaps, as I have always thought, to some fare well Oxford banquet with a few of the dissi pated co-disciples whoso vices had pushed him into expulsion. 1 spent the entire day wandering about the estate. I know certain lonely parts of it, whence, through the leafless tree-boughs, I could command a fairly good view of the main entrance. Three or four times I saw Mark Oragge pass that entrance, with lowered head and handsxlaspod behind him. Murder was :endontly in his thoughts; at least I judged so < later I had cause to Reverse this verdict. My o,wn position began to grow hatefully uncomfortable. The rofrcaluueut which Iliad brought with mo was unsatisfying, and the ; Jbtoredom of doing nothing except watch the front porch of Graydon, while endeavouring to escape all observation myself, became dis tressing post words. The untrustworthy weather always to bo found in England soon lost its brightness, too, and by the afternoon a cloudy heaven replaced blio sunny one. which had made coWncas endurable, A' stern chill crept into the air, and to glance' at the sky was to see what appeared immi nent threats of rain. If rain should, fall 1 would iiave no protection against it. Rain did not fall, however, and the raw, melan choly evening darkened round me. I began to feel that some sentinel of. the promises might at any 'moment light upon mo and drive mo out at the gates. A souse that my vigil was likely to prove wholly vain depress ed mo more and more. No doubt Mark Craggo still ' continued his watch, but at length the wintry dusk, had so deepened that X could no longer discern his presence unless I drew much nearer to the building itself. This approach I mode, and while doing so I recalled that there was a growth of lir-trcca, very douse and shadowy, at a distance of about two hundred yards from the chief'por tals of Graydon. This hiding-place I sought, but I had no sooner entered its gloomful and , spiey-smolling interior than I began to dread its co-occupation by Mark Cragge himself. For what was more natural than that this fierce enemy of Egerton should select the same retreat? But after a while the silence reassured mo. Still, it was terribly damp here, and in spite of my superb physical health X became fearful of falling a -prey to some malady if I lingered much longer among these monastic trees. I knew of a certain rustic seat, and groped my way toward it. Ensconced here, I had a good view of the main doorway, and also of considerable road and lawn. Night had now almost completely fallen ; it would bo of pitchy darkness. Al ready I felt that I could scarcely see the form of Murk Ornggo if it 'should again cross the space I was watching. And while this thought grew upon mo, a dim figure became risible, which I just recognised, and no more, as that of Mark. Almost at the same moment I saw the front door open and the master of Graydon come forth on the porch. Ho had a tired, depress ed air, and ho wore no hat. His hands wore: thrust into his pockets, and his logs were stretched apart, just as might so easily bo. the attitude of a man (and especially of a young man) who is borca to death by a long and wearisome day inside his house. Ho peered to right and left, and the light from the hall belling him so gave Ms face into re lief that X could clearly note, from its veer ing profile, an expression of mingled haughti ness and fatigue. Scarcely had I made this observation, when a figure, with its back to wards me, slipped in front of him, pausing at the steps of tile porch. Seeing was not easy in my present circum stances, but hearing was a different affair. Of the shrill, fixm voice that now sounded I lost no word. “You've refused to meet me, sir,” the voice said, “I’ve come here, and I've waited here for a good while. I don't know if you're hiding from mo or not. But I demand to see you and speak with you.” Egertou’s answer came slowly and until a ring of contempt. •'You're the son of Oragge, my game keeper?” “Yes.” “I thought I recognised you. Well, what the devil are you after ?” “I’ve told you. I want to talk with you.” “Yes? About what?” “About my sister.” There was no excitement in that brief re tort of Mark’s. But it seemed to disarray Egerton, He turned and grasped the knob of the groat half-open door as though he were in the act of re-entering the house. But suddenly ho put Ms hand to his head, as if remembering that it was uncovered. Grasp ing the knot) of tlio door (as I could now, witli strained eyes, very dimly perceive) ho shot these curt sentences over his shoulder: “Your messages to me have been ——— impudent. I won't receive you hero in, the Hall. But Til meet you outside there in a minute, and show you that I’ve no fear of your threats or yourself.” “Yes, sir,", shot back Mark, with cool re sonance. “You’ll go in and get two or throe lackeys to back you,” “Will I?” returned - Egerton, doggedly. My inference that he was .no coward had not been erroneous. “Will I?” he repeated ; and like a flash ho shut the big door and went down, the steps, hatless as ho was. Facing Mark in the shadow, ho now said, with the defiance of a bravo man who dares dangerous odds; • “What's tills thing you want to talk to me about? Your sister?'' “Yes, my sister. And you know why 1” (Here was my time. I rose and took from a rear pocket of my coat the pistol which I had brought with me. In a second I had reached the edge of the shadowy fir-grove.) “I know very little about your sister,” sped the voice of Egerton. “That is not true,” rang the answer. “Not true, oh? Well, then, call it that, if you please. You came here, I suppose, to insult me —or drag money ’ out of me— which ?” “I came here to insist upon your marrying the girl yoa’v ruined. Thai’s all.” A silence followed. The two dark shapes were close beside one another. I slipped to the very utmost verge of the grove. The cold needles of the boughs brushed and pricked my face as I.stooped and peered, like a beast of prey. “I no more ruined her,” scoffed Egerton, “than the Sultan of Turkey did ! What rub bish have you got into your brain ? Find out how the village thought of this sister you’re defending so valiantly, long before I even saw her.” “She was a pure girl till you met Her. That Fll swear to.” “Then you’ll swear to a lip.” “Look here, Mr. Mountstuart,” leaped the husky and hurried response, “if it’s your plan to sneer this whole affair down you’ll do so to your cost. Wo Oragges have been, for a century at Graydon, father and son. Times are no longer what they were. You’ve done a damnable act, and you must answer for it either one way or another. One way is to marry don’t care how little you’re pleased tb do it, or how much it goes against your grain ns a so-called aristocrat,'sir? The other way is to face me.” “Tou! And what will you do?” “I’ll kill you if you lot Madge’s child' be bom a bastard!” Another silence. ‘Ton’ll kill me, eh?” broke sneermgly from Egerton, apd witli a calmness of delivery for which I could not bub admire him, feeling almost certain as I did feel that he stood there quite unarmed. “Such blackguards as you can’t browbeat me. If you kill me you’ll hang for it “Then I’ll hang I” . “Let go my coat 1” “Not till you swear you’ll marry- the girl you’ve brought shame on!” Egerton struck out, then ; X vaguely saw him to do so. Afterward they grappled, and in a few seconds they fell. Hero was my time. I darted out of the covert in which I had,been crouching. The light was still strong enough to let me see Egor ton’s face,' where ,it gleamed pale and ragcful. Already I hod drawn out my pis tol ; quick as thought I set the muzzle within' a few inches of the forehead, and fixed. He dropped lifeless in Mark’s arms. Mark, horrified, released him, and turned bn r inc. Then came my crucial moment. I knew that Egerton was dead. The point was now to get possession of Mark’s pistol (which I had heard Mm say that lie carried) and to escape witli it, leaving my own on the ground. 1 Like a flash I was at his throat, and I must hero state that in the ensuing contest my sud den appearance and the extraordinary sur prise it liad evoked were of immense aid to me. I imagine a sort of faintness overcame Mark, or perhaps the clutch of my fingers at his throat, wrought with him some unnerving strangulation. Withhimforeseen speed my loft hand had found Ms pistol in a skirt pocket of his coat. Leaping up from'Mm, after having secured this treasure, I fled; many yards away, and then (doubtess most imprudently) paused. I was well in the shadow of the porch now. I saw the main door open, and two figures outlined in the shaft of fight that broke down across the steps from the threshold to lawn. They were servants, of course, whom the pistol-shot had alambd. And l>y this same illumination I discerned JMork, struggling dazedly to his feet, like a man who Kadheen a ghost , and felt on his cheek its unearthly breath. This was enough. Certain that the new arriving servants had not seen me, I darted away, The gloom was now very deep. But I know whither I hurried. This fine domain of Graydon, which t had determined one day possess, was familiar-enough for that, even in the thickening darkness, wherethrough-1 strove to escape from it, , . ; (To be continued.) ’ 