0H4PIKE IX Bath's look proohumed her disappoint ment. Medical aid tras so sorely «ruted A quiver passed over her face. The stranger oom» forward aad rea« or ed ber. ' Dr Tasewell was from home when the messenger arrived,' he explained. 'Ttie eue seemed urgent, so I took the liberty ol os ming in h's stead. Mrs Tasswell advised it. She'd been talking with an old woman who was excited about this child. You eau trust me. I am a doctor.' In her relief, Bath smiled up at him cordially. ' lt waa good of you to come,' aaa «aid. ' Tate baby aeema very ill.' Sae made «wm on the beaoh beside bax, and Ute physician eat down and bent over (Jae child on her lap. ' H J* long has hs been enmatóla V in quired, ai ter a rapid examination. { 'Two hon» certainly,' «he ret ponded. 'Boon after I got here-«bout half-past twelve-be began fretting, a feeble, miter able wail: He wa* dirty tad uncomfortable, ao I took eft bia clothing and game bim a hoi bath. Wa« that wrong f' 'No; the beat thing possible, it you'd oily gone farther and given bim come wbiskey and milk. Have you a eup and. ?poon convenient, aad a little milk ?' Bath in dios ted the basket on the other I side of the hearth. Toe doo tor helped him self daftly, mixed a mild-toddy with a portion of the con tan ti of hie own pocket - flask, and administered a spoonful or two to the patient. Theo hs arranged the box more comfortably, with one of Buth's quilts, and took the otuld from har. ' Laave him there for a while,' he d(rooted. ' It is batter for him than being held. Kow, what did you do with that clothing f ' Bath pointed out a dingy little heap behind the benah on which abe waa Mated, ! and watched this muterful stranger a trifle ourioualy while be fished the things out with a blt of kindling-wood and tossed them into the fire. He Kerned to hex even more direct and forestal than is usual with his craft. < le the dlsMM contagious i' aha iaquirsd. < Not at all,' he aniwered. ' It is gastric I fever. But there is no telling what infection the child has been exposed to. lin Tait well gave me to understand that the mothar I is dead and that the father carried the baby from Georgia in bis »rms. Is that ao ?' Bath bowed assent, and then gave him the story, briefly, in outline. The principa eotor lu it was busy with the doctor's horse, which had been ridden at speed, but he might enter at »ny moment. The pathos of it atruck ber anew. ' These people have been oonnscted with us fer years, and have lived OB our land,' abe volunteered, ia explanation of her own own intrusion into the «flair. . This man's father was my father's overseer, and we ohildreu played together. It grieved me dreadfully to hear ol the trouble. He bad no money, and it was the only way open to keep bis promise to his dead wife. Did you nottoe that he is crippled F Tuen think of his getting here last night to find an empty house and a cold hearthstone. Was it not hardf Her eyes filled aa she spoke : she bad, foi the instant, lost sight of the foot that be wai a stranger, and lifted her glanos to him at frankly and unconsciously as a child might have doa«. The doctor returned her gae« for half a second, and then looked away. A tender-natured woman, he decided, and on« whose heart was prone to pull the woo' over ths eyes of her reason. And, man like, he admirer! ber for it, feeling mon drawn to her than to any woman he hat met tor years. It is never the woman wit! no nonsense about her who gets the firmas hold upon men. 1 Tee experience was pretty rough,' hi admitted. ' But the fellow would hav shown more tenderness by less precipitation The child wai too young.' Bath was instantly on the defensive. . He oonld not know,' she declared ' An ignorant man, with no experience witt babies. Hts thought was of hts promise am of his wife's wish. According to his light, h did hi< beat.' 'Illogical and partisan,' thought th doctor ; ' a thorough woman. I would nc be surprised if she has backwoods prejudioc in favor of domestic duties, the supremes of man, and a hereafter of rewards an Sunishments. About half a doaen years c idividuallsm and dominance of the ego, tai I sort ot thing is refreshing.' \ Aloud h« made no comment, for KJ [ Gentry stumped tu with an armful of woe ; for the fire, and was promptly pounoed o bj the medical mau and put through erots-examination as to the child's previoi conditions and symptoms. In the course i the talk it transpired that Kit, in his »omi ward progress, bad passed through tv infected regions! one, a town iu oentr Georgia where yellow fever had been pr valent, and another, lu North Carolin where there had been several bariole fro small-pox. If the fellow had set out on germ-quest, it did not seem, to one of h hearers, as though fuller or more vari opportunities would have been ueoesear And the fact that, aeooiding to his ov account, Kit had ' come a-iumping throng like a snake bunted hop .frog,' the moms he became aware of the presence of dises In a locality, did not, in the medical min render the situation innocuous. To t doctor, for the ttonoe, the tragipathet mountaineer waa degraded into a perai bulating germ-distributor. He chewed the ead of his monstao as be listened, and before Kit, la reoit had hopped safely away from the seca infection, he wa« busy emptying his nook of the bottles of bismuth, oalomel, and otl possibly needed drugi, with which 1 fssswell had loaded him, in search of t prayer and diainfectants with which he li provided himself. Bath watched him with interest. I chief knowledge of antiaeplios was derii from Dr Taiewell's diatribes against tl which he waa pleated to designate as ( 'idiotic superfluity' of Professor laste theory. When he bad diluted his oarbolio acid bia mind, tbs dootor advanoed upon Bi with the precision and f oree of a oonquerl army. 4 Bs so good aa to stand in the Hg young lady,' ba ordered, ' while I disinf you;' which be prooeeded to do, sf it« a tidally, and from the throat down. ' I the ounce of prevention,' quoth be, 'I you held the baby In your lap, of oom while you changed him, and very posai bandied bis clotting afterwards.' He circled around her at short range, i Bath lifted her eyes to bim with a laugh them. His head was a trifle onward, i his eyes intent on hit work, for he ' directing the fall of the atomized drug her bosom and shoulders. Something his position, the aweep of bis laehai, beauty of hil forehead, or the mutinous of a slightly grayed look of hair aorosi touched, m a abawdy way, a well-e intangible association. It was as tho' the ghost of a forgotten harmony of fainttsc suggestion of a ones .liked peril had been reflexed from the infinite upsn woman's spiritual senses. The passing instantaneous, a wind blown shiver of u bat it modified the expression of the < uplifted to tbs physician's grave fase, also invested that faoe with an interest o than the situation called for-an inte utterly removed from that esoterio affi which humanity, for want of a I definition, calls sexual attraction. Unoonsoioua of that which had happs the doctor's gase followed the movem of bis bania, whioh manipulated the bi and bulb with aeoustomed touohes. M the job bad been completed to bis si faction, his countenance became ilium with shameless self-approbation. (To ba continued.) 