CHAPTER XTVI. THE UNHWELCOME VISIIOR. The morning fusllowing the meeting of Mr Dispean with the evil-looking villain among the ruins of the Old Castle, Lord Callouby sat in his excellent library awaiting the sound of the breakfast- bell. tie had been up several hours, for, al though he was a pleasure-loving man, and appreciated all the luxuries which his wealth enabled him to enjoy, yet he never allowed hniieE oijneglect the interests of his estate. Nothing escaped his critical eye-every paper pertaining to it, every account with tenant or servant, was closely examined by him, and woe to the unlucky steward if an error were dis covered therein. lie had made many improvements at Callonby during his short reign there, and it was now noted as the "grandest" and "best kept" country seat for miles around. • The morning sunlight streamed in cheerfully at the broad bay window, lighting the room attractively, and my lord was evidently in a very comfortable frame of mind, for a satisfied smile curved his lips, and he was lightly humming a strain from some popular opera. A knock at the door was followed by the entrance of a servant. " My lord," he said, respectfully, "there is a man at the area-door, who desires to speakwith your lordship." " Who is he-what is his name T" de manded my lord. "I do not know; he looks like a beg. gar. yet -seems too independent for that." "What is his name. I asked you ?" said Lord Callonby, impatiently. " He would not give it-said it was no matter about that, but he had important business with you, sir." " Send the rascal in, then, and I'llsoon make him tell his name," answered Lord Callonby, authoritatively. The man bowed and left the room, but soon returned with the strange evil-look ing villain with whom Mr Dispeau had had the encounter the previous night. He let him into the library, then imme diately retired, closing the door after him. Lord Callonby looked up curiously and rather sternly, as the man advanced, in a shuffling, half-defiant way. One glance was sufficient. There was a moment's utter silence, while the two men stood eye to eye, then a startling oath burst from his lordship's lips, as he leaped upon his feet, every drop of blood receding from his face, leaving him as pale as ashes. " What does this mean ?" he gasped, with an oath. "I suppose I do give you something of a start, my lord ; my coming is rather un expected; but none of us know what a day may bring forth," replied the man, with an insolent leer. " But you solemnly swore that you would never show your face in England again." " I know 1 did, my lord, but I found that none but my native air would agree with me, so I've returned to my ' ain countrie ' once more." " You might have kept out of my way, then; it is very uncomfortable to me to see you again," retorted his lordship, with a savage scowl. "I don't doubt it; but we can't have everything our own way in this world, though I must say you've succeeded bet ter than most people." " Hold your insolent tongue, you dog, or it shall be the worse for you. I sup pose you want something of me, or you wouldn't be here. Out with it, and then be off." "You are correct in your surmises, my lord, I do want something of you. I want some money, I'm cleaned out entirely, haven't even so much as a farthing to help me to a breakfast, and I'm hungry as a starving tiger." And he began to beat a tattoo upon his empty stomach with his claw-like fingers. " That is bad, truly, and I never refuse a person in need, so take that and feast yourself," Lord Callonby replied, sarcas tically, and threw him a guinea. The wretch picked it up and pocketed it with a grin. "Generous, aren't ye, now? This'll buy me a good breakfast enough, but when it's gone I'll be wanting more like it, so I'll give ye a polite invitat;on to pass me over a big handful more of the same kind." " Curse your insolence I I paid you a hundredfold more in the first place than I ought. There was enough to set you up handsomely in some profitable business; if you've spent it foolishly I'm not to blame. Get out of here quickly, or I'll ring the bell and have you put out." And the angry man's face was crimson with passion. " No you won't, my lord. I shall stay here till I get good and ready to go, and if you are so imprudent as to call anyone to use violence upon me, I shall feel it my duty to seek the justice, and relate a little story that might interest him more than it would benefit you. I did that job up neatly for you; there are not many fathers who would be as accommodating as I was, even for three or four hundred pounds, though I was well satisfied then. But I've been unfortunate since,'and I must have another hundred to-day, and you must give it to me." " I will not," retorted the lord, with a scowl of hate. " uh, yes, yeo will, my noble lord-ye know ye'll have to come to it." " You lie I You can prove nothing; your word would not be taken before mine, and no one knows of that trans?ac Lion save you and me ; and as for being bled in my pocket every time you take a notion for a hundred pounds, I will not stand it; so get you gone, and at once." The angry man glared at him furiously, and taking a step or two forward (for he had risen) he appeared about to enforce his command. But the dark-broewed vil lain before him never quailed nor move ; laughing a derisive, tantalising laugh, he said : " Now, my lord, that were not polite, and folks that live in high life should never forget their manners. But I thiak ye'll regret it if ye don't change yer mind about the hundred pounds. I don't know all about yer plottings and chicanery, it is true, but I know enough to make it pretty hot for ye, if I should tell a magistrate enough to arouse his curiosity, and make him inquire into your actions. It does look rather strange already to some that e whole family should die and disappear so mysterious like, and all in so short a time, while you, that could have been heir in no' other way, should come into possession of this great property so slick and easy. it might make it bad for you if any of them should happen to come to light some fine day-they do say, even now, that the young lord's ghost haunts the forest lake, and I bethink me it might be more uncomfortable for ye to meet him than me; it'll be a wonder if he don't appear to ye some of these fine nights." " Be quiet, will you 1" came spasmodi cally from the earl's rigid lips. He had fallen back in his chair during the villain's harangue, and now sat there white and affrighted, shaking as with the ague, while his eyes seemed fairly starting from his head at the visions which the man's fearful words seemed to conjure up. "Sorry to disturb you so, my lord, but I can't be quiet just yet. I'm afeer'd yer nerves aren't quite so strong as they were two or three years ago. I reckon if I should tell ye who I saw last night ye wouldn't be quite so easy as ye are now in yer mind." "Whom did you see-what do you mean ? Stop your insolent torture, and come to the point at once !" almost screamed the now thoroughly frightened man. "I don't know his name, and never saw him before. He were a fine-looking gentleman, and he were making strange inquiries about your lordship. He said this much, that he were a stranger from America, but he took a mighty uncom mon interest in Callonby, and he seems to think ye didn't come into yer title and estate in jest the most honorable way in the world." " Ha I what is this you are telling me ? A strange man from America making in quiries about me, and charging me with dishinor. Are you living so as to get your money, or what do you mean I" demanded Lord Callonby, in a very agitated man "Not a lie, yer honor. I were hiding in the ruins, waiting for daylight, so as to come to you, when he came upon me, and before I could get out of his way, he had me by the throat. He said he know well enough there had been foal play here at Callonby, and even accused me of having a hand in it." '! Good heavens I Who can he be, and what does he mean ? I know no one in America, and hcw could anyone there know anything about me I" exclaimed his lordship, aghast, and, rising again, he began excitedly to pace the room. "I know nothing about him, ) er honor, only what I tell ye. He were a precions close-mouthed fellow about his own affairs, though he said he had no personal claim on this property, but did not like to see the wicked triumph in wrong. He made me a mighty fine offer, though, to tell him what I knew about it." "He made you an offer 1 What, bribe you ? Did he offer you money to betray me 1" " That he did, sir. He said he'd give me my own price, be it little or much, if I knew anything wrong about you and would tell it ; and more than this, that I might consider it for the next three days, and come to him, at the Callonby Arms, if I wanted to see him." Lord Callonby was more thoroughly aroused and troubled by this intelligence than he had been in carrying out all his nefarious designs heretofore. He made the man sit down and relate again every occurrence of the night before, making notes here and there as he went along. He could not understand it. What could it all mean, that a person, an utter stranger, should thus come to haunt him, and threaten to plunge him from the heights of his prosperity into the depths of degradation ? " He's a precious sharp one now, I tell ye," said the man, as he concluded his story, " and he's got a notion in his head regarding the fate if the late Callonby family, and I warn ye he means to keep a sharp eye on yer lordship." " Yes, yes, yes I" muttered his lord ship, nodding his head at each word, and bonding all his energies to think who the mysterious stranger could be. ':I thought I'd give your honor the first chance, seeing as you did the hand some thing for me in the beginning, and then if yo failed to do yer duty, I'd make some bargain with the other chap," con tinued the man, with a cunning gleam in his evil eyes. "You did right, my man, and I am obliged to you for your consideration," replihed Lord Callonby, accepting the in evitable as gracefully as he could, adding : " You shall have your hundred pounds, and mark you, if you will find out who this stranger is, get his name and address, and bring them to me, I will give you an extra hundred. Now go into the servant's hall, and tell them to give you some breakfast, and do not let me see your face again, unless you come to bring me some definite information regarding this man ; for strange as it may seem, your society is not very congenial to me," he con cluded, with a ghastly smile. Turning to his safe he counted out the hundred pounds, and shoved them across the table to his companion, who quickly gathered the money up, with a muttered " thank ye, sir," and then hurried from the room. He did not stop for his breakfast in the servants' hall, but glided out at the front entrance, notwithstanding the black looks of the housekeeper, who happened to be passing through the great hall at that moment, and walked swiftly in the direction of the village. Lord Callonby did not heed the break. fast bell when it rang, and refused to eot when a servant brought him something on a salver. lie sat hours, pondering upon the strange story he had heard. Hie suffered agony at the thought of an un known enemy; he could fight, and fight bravely, if he knew whom he was to encounter, and knew how to arrange his forces ; but this enemy in ambush was a terror to him. It would be worse than death now, to lose his wealth, title, and position. Months passed, and as the villain to whom he had given the hundred pounds did not show himself again, and he did not hear anything further regarding the mysterious stranger, gradually his anxiety ceased, and he gave himself up to his former enjoyments once more. 