? \ ??^-^ON TIE WALLABY.!-^ -: \ , .i&.usSi 'Road's and Back' Tracks— The Family Tree .off : : Bullock Flat— Coanbo Looks After His Com- ?_. . ; ' ' : . ' ?; plexion — We Leave the Flat — And Follow ' . ? ' ? ., ??,?'/,;. the Crimson Thread— Leichhardt . .:'„ Scores — The Cat and the Tin. :?..;. (By 'THE OWL.') The Grumbles littd six children. Tho eldest was ©even years old and 'the you'u ecal a. baby In arms. Dot ween working out hla scheme of State irrltraUoa -ond flnflini; 'tucker tor tho family, tho old man's limy was fully occupied. Mrs. Qrumblo frequently Bald that oho loved cMlrren bctitor than . anything In tho world. Tuey sort of broke tho monotony of farin life, and you novor ' could tell what the neKl one wan going to bo like. Three of the six had red heads, : the other ithroo wtiro brunofcle. and iho ' uovtmtll wi.'i expected to bo blonde because tho eldf/t girl was 'Uiat color, and it was tihe ? tilondo 'turn. The oldest's name was As ; pho'del, after tho herolno in a back 'number of the 'Family Horald,'— A»pliodol Gladys Grumblo— -an-I they called her 'Aanle' to;1 short Asjilo was a. itrlck. She iuad an in ? voutlvo ccnlus. Thoro was an empty 'h»£B hoftd down by tho hay -rick 'turned ovor on its wide — w'hte It had btfon usixl for I never learned — 'but she URed 'to stand before this with a broom -1m ndlo and i;vL the younjjer Gruinhleu on « scratch abou't thirty ytonU away, ami when sue cried 'oil' t'ho kids raced one another to net iwtotho barrel, and It was the law of tho game -that A«i-lo had 'tho privilege of warming the last yomiK etor's Boat of gravity with f.ho broom handlo, and sue laid tlutt instrument of eorturo on with 'tho eonsnlcnliouKUC'Ua and determination of a paid tlogsur. 1 have fiat on tile feneo ovcnl'ugB and watuhud tfhaso oliildrcn playing thwl gauio for 'hours, and Asple was alway« tho Inat to pot tired. Bush children «ro worth studying. Tho lUitlo Grumbles woro all thlovos. It must (bavo boen In tho blood iionietvaero. Tlio ttroopor canto around collecting the electoral roll ono day. Ho 'bad a pair of bright nlckcl-pki/tod spurn at tho heels of hla Wellington boots. '?' ? ' -.?.''??? \ ' 'Wlitimm Honry Grumblp, agod five, oaw -*'tlw»o spurs, and with. a supremo dlarc-suml -_ .'? ?;' ' ' for ftlio Ton Oommatulnionta crept under ?''-?' ' tbd 'tablo. while tho uerRcaivt' was Silt dlnnor, un&uolile;'d and removed . 'thorn . unnoticed. ,..'.-?,? .'?'?. ' ; .K.Qib.'h'ad not b'eon .'debe-otod .oatomUil'lounly ?.-.;. ''. .,.? ? . ', parading. 'Lhoin ust hla ? own ? baro 'heels on \- tho ihreidiliig floor ho linlglrt Iwro got «way . ?-? ' with hla booty umiuspbobcd.. - ,i- ??,?!??? ? '?' Old Gruni'Me'a 'holding was ?' situated In ..,'.,. tho.'cHstrldt.o-r Bullcw* If*4. Tho poople of. ? '. Bullock Ffout had married In 'and In until ( tho rolatilontthlpa booamo bo mixed 'thnjt no msh'liii&w; exactly haw ho stood 'towards -tola nelgh/bor. They called a public mooting In itho Good Templars' Hull ono evening to discuss this burning question. Tho oltua ?tilon ilwwl so oompllautod ltccif that 'the male lntabltiiui'ta wero In da/Sly danger of wed ding their nrnldtm iiun'ta, wlio might also bo their givnvdmolhera. I attended tho ineullng. I9bonozor Orumblo, ISzoldah'a father Wag iho oldtat rosldon't, wna voitod 'to tho cluiJr. Ho was a rocognlscd authority on what rho called ' 'ffonoralology' — he meant genealogy— vim) ftftor lio 'had delivered a short speech, ro laitln'g moulJy -to tho proapcota or a break Jn 'tlio weather, ho bc«an ^vorlrlng out uome of tno rolaDloualilp problenia from memory. It waa bho most romarkablo mlx(turo I ever hoard of, «nd tho Australian buisti Is nollco iiblo for 'Uvat kind of thing. Bbonczor went on and on, tnaclnB ami rc-tmolng and fol '. lowing out tho domestic history and family ; oonnooUono of Bullock Flat, U'lutll lliuilly ho pi-ovod conclusively, amidst 'tumultuous Bpplftuso, tliat Adam SVnlwFleld, who kopt ? tho Btat- Poat-ollVco, wsia hln -0wn grand- ? ,? .i'fnlthor! .' . , . ? '?' '.'' ?'? AdJun aocept^id iho aUuatlou wltHi «i cor , : twin amount of nnitJvo ^rldo, and moved a ^,'; . . ?. yttio-Ot ithaulro ito-tho vencpablo' chairman.. ? ?'j.Th'oy; oidjmirnwl ' to tho pub., feollriR , moro . . a oaffuiled 'l)hain tih-;y .had felt for yoiuvi, «.ud | ilndlng u Soulih of Ireland aelwtor nit Uio ',| ' mtr wlio wwi nppareu'tly allie-l ;to. no one I preaowt, 'Uioy proccwdod lo extorinlntiito'hlm. | TJmj «elcolor, whoso. nomo vma OTlafferty, E fluolrt'ly d/looovored nt 't'ho lawt moment it.liat I . 9*111 olster'n non'a wlfo waa flrot coualn by 1 .-'tyarrltiKo ito Joe Wiakeflold'n moWiorln | Jnw'a broiher, O'ltnfforty was on 'liho door, I IiwMj NJok Grumiblo aliftilni; on liin head, S ,*whon 'h'o mado fhia announcomomt, mud ho | ; 1»ftd ,;two ribs and ?a.n «rm bmkon. and Joo x . 'W'ftke'flffld Mild ho'd bn damnod If ho'd oco a I ? jvslaiion of 'Ivln Ul-trcwloil, «nd 1u- 'hit Nick n Orumblo wHU u dcoatiter whon 'Uui lalitor , ' B dootlnwl itho Invitation to 'como off.' Nldk I ':Vrtiv» iidt Uio m«n to allow a familiarity of i thffirt oort to.piasa uneliiallongtul, co ho ln I vl'tod Joo to como outnlde to iinvo Mb vital I organ/) torn o\it 'by main foreo.' Joo eald fl ' Ntelc wan not tUo crangutoary oo-aml-uo to ,-??'. 8 do tt, and iilio crowd made a ring. Matthew . i I TurnfbuU wnd CU-lm M'Dennott wore ap | polwbod rofdreoo, but Uicy dloagrood at tlio B olevwn/Hi round on onano keohnJoal point, | lind John WATi 'teikon homo on n nlrubtor. H Th«n Wte oiu^'lonco took nldra, and Oho bal | ? JUiiOO -jt tho wvonlag panaed off vm-y tnor 8 -Uy. , T3io two iraU'cpmon who priwervod I t'ho poaco on Dullock Flat, allowed Iho | tmmflod niwl dlatbled to mctouinuMo, nnit | tlion HJioy oarao to tho fron/t with thtflr | batonn -ind injvoIvcth, 'and wtlHiig on, all | nnd mimdry in UjoQueon'a.namo, ihny mio t OMfflod.'ln cflo»lng 'tlu- ?onle»-t'alrnjnont. | Neat morn.!nft ono-lMilf of Dullook Plat ' I ' took out oummontfCB togolnut tlio oKhor talf | for taonault ttiid'i1-a!M-ory. An 'tho 'lndiiBtrloii I of ini«.'Hlftco wor-! lllcoly ilo bo n/l la'nbaud- ? irllll iinltll iiurtor. tho Oolirt day, Oumbo and I 'lte'1 a flhtH1?, oomvoll 'Of W^r, ?(md dnoldod to jirooood on our itmrdti. T 'took wway iniflny kindly rmnlnjlHooiiittcsj , o[ t'ho M'ftt, na w«ll «Co «, lump on my foro lioa/d thoettKO tit « Koo-no-ngK wliwo astray . trtiKKMinit or dlorlto 5iaQ', lilt iuo. Tho nmn 'Viflio Qiurl«d Mi/9 tovlk vraa pnrhieo In hla rt'poloKlOD. Ho oxplKlncd ihnJt Jut a»n4 inciint , l(- aavo Ma'UUiWw TurnbuU'a rilcull In wltii , I ' tit, tittt Jro. fed novw Jinnn «. vory nlmlglit ,(jkol '.oviing llx- tavlnig hln rlKiJL ar'm broUeu -wlttli a ftwinfflo-iwr tit u liarvcnt 'liomtt wluui ,'f Uio wn.'i u Ml, «nd 1»« «mpi-o,f«l iho Hind Muwn wMo. I vrtia u pwnilnHiK yomiB f-il- ! luY/t,ix6r'lAHmiflil, nnA why didn't I iMolt. i «»i» *D ouo Of 'I'hii olliv'l'Io I'.'-'I« on iHio Visit, I tinft. f,iA inyrrJMl nil a mollilo rtoiwn mncjif; ffl ,i{hiMi», mil Intel ma ono t-t ithm, & ifj f'.'VI if Wi ^Wiily tinnnlhli) «?! fhiu gooi-l ojilnlon, «.jid I would consider it an 'toonw to be permitted to 'take nil aol'ivo lnteivast In tlin publio affairs' of th'at promialffg and ritilng (lU'lrlct, 'hut I waa afiuld tho moun tain air did not agreo with ruo. G-ruu'.'Dlo gave Cumho und inyae-U a friendly discharge, and enjoined ub, It wo were Kflng out West, 'to 'try and knock ?tha.1 U«.a of oxpl-r.dlug them clouds ' by diiMKih-inilc Into Hitm Enuttdtcrs' dieada for tilo good of tho ciHiulry.' I said tor Che good of Die country. I would, and 'h'avlng Udden tho ramlly farewell, Cunibo u'.hlsUod up Ijeiohlvardt, and wo atil oii't wlt'i a few pound;) in our pockets, a cowl t'CMt, « couple of warm blankets, and uumo other things. Amongst thootherthdnga was a line ham that Mrs. Grumble had given Cum1)o--tio Gumbo said, anyhow. I 'had my dou'bls on iUio maitter, bocause !i wee'e or two previously I had come to the concluul'on, very regretfully, tlvat Cum Ito v.aa a kloiVtomnnlalf. I .had had suspi cions) ul- ii'co w« lert I'onrlth-thait my faithful bliu-kfi How \v»h a victim to 'Chla strange mal'ady, but they w rre not converted Iwto eorl.aliKics until 1 (Uncovered 'a pot of pearl creum belonging to Mra. (irumblo's un ir.arrl«;l »iart«T In his bunk. I aukod Gumbo iviiei-o hn ki'I '('fie coamollfc from. 'Mara I'Mv.ard,' ho replied, with an in nocent ainllo most touohiny to behold, 'iirifui find Wml pfeller.' 'W'hoiM) did you 11 nd 'It ?' 1 demanded, trying to flx hia cyo, whiah would not keep in .iny one place longer 'than -i second or two. 'Mine find 'urn in bush/' ho replied glibly; 'under ouo pfeller 'potted gum-treo log, 1)0113,' 'Gumbo,' 1 a.'ilccvl, Hevercly,. 'how did that pot of pc'arl ciwim get under that spoUtod Ruin loj; in 'tho bush.' . , Cirmbo was quiet for. a moment, and then he itald «olemniy: 'Boss, n)lu-;» ilnk.Ood put 'urn 'bhoro 1' i That ??this theory wan a mero Inspiration on Gumbo'n part was proved Uiait nig'ht, when I ramo iln auifl.ly and found him nnolnUngt hln face with fhu pearl croam. I crlf'd: 'Ah ! What the dovll are you up . lo now?' ? . . . .. : ? Ro Dtiirtcd. _.'?:? ''Urn savin' 'um 'i)U-xion, Mara Edward,'! l\o remark«l, wllQi a amlfk. - ' 'Saving your cornploxion,' I said. 'How did you know tho irtuff in tho pol wna'in*'' temdf/d for that ?' Cumho thought. 'Boas,' ho bernn pr.cs)cntly, 'Ono iday mluo hear that pfellor ' tlaaetw itell M'la' CiTummwcll bery good ting keop 'urn pfroeklttj off that 'tuff In llttlo )Ully-can. Dow, poor Gumbo not want '«m get 'um fap.R pfrocldo rtl-H berry hot woddor, «o wOion 'inn find UIIjIo bllly-'nan dls 'tuff under 'inn 'potted Rum tree log in ? ' 'Thal'u enough, Cunibo,' I cried angrily, 'One of '(.'hone dayii you'll be getting your aolf land mo livto ti\\-ublo. Vou'rb an In fernal klopUrmimlac I You'd ulra! 'tlio paint off a crlpplo'a wooden leg. I don't bellovo y-/u cou'ld iholp It.' 'No, Mara Kdward,' adlrracd my gullo -Ic3o Bavjii^o, 'Oumbo not 'um 'fernal '(toma h'awlt. Hab 'um brudder up country 'fernal tomahawk. Steal mori' ebboryUng-'um goc. Sti-al 'um front wheel that pfollor Bllla bong coatfh ono Mme, my wurrud.' 'Wlie.ro la your brothor now) Cumbo V' I enquired. ''Um gone 'way long far,' said Cum'bo, Badly. ''Um get i;e von year f nut lUnio.' After wo loft ttrumblo'a farm we tramped along until late in tho afternoon without striking 'any remarkable ?adventurea; ; Towards) aunsot wo came to n wayiildo Btoro, nnd I weu't to buy a tin of salmon. 'Win Btock-in-'trade of that 'gen oral otoiv' won ?chiefly rennvrU'ablo for ita en tiro al-- rionco, bint lihe .woman of t'ho .-place said tho' llro Invuriinec waa Junl Uilllnn Hip prant.i. I Judged t'ho Insurance must have l-ocn deadly, booauue tho prollt on' the l:ln of aal mon ;ihe traded mo wan ono ami 'Mireopiynuo, or a))out two 'hundred per const. She wan a isandy-h-alrod woman, and who luformml me w'lWiouit fl.iiitlug lihat her 'hiiKband wvis a iihi.'aror, lilvat ho wan ciway juisl 'then, that hor oldet/t glifl w.ia ilurned ten, and' reo knnrd iminrt for 'lior nxe, nnd that ilihe baby had had the croup l.wleo. Sho nnld her hunband W4i3 that afraid of flro. Ho had tho placo lnuurml In ono ofileo and tho Htoek In anolhor. Tho stock ooiihImUhI, on a rough e.'ili mnto, of a half-box son-p, ditto candlon, two clothes llnea, one fly-spoekod watihlng lmard, a quarter of oheap Jam, two rod tlnu of 'Thrco F' t;uni-owder,-and a plug Und' n. half of lilnuk tobneco. I had already cleaned -uit tlio -itoclc of fcilmort, Thero might have boon moni gc-odfl on hand, but they wero not vhilblo. Thorn wflfi a hut In a pnddnnk opp-oulto thl/j 'gouoral otoro,' but no othnr hoution in night. . \Vhlle I 'waa waiting for clmngo, nnoLhor woman, Iwro-headud and lu- her hoiino (IroM, oamo running out of tho hut -ihd down tlio road to 'Iho atora. 'Oh, Mm. .Tones,' ntw exclaimed, burnt ing 'In, 'glnvmo n half a bur of ooap, plenao, I'vo run rlivht out of uoap.' Tlion «ho oaught Hlgiit at mo tttnn&inft; liohlml the door, and hor ntirlojlty wuo iirounod. I' could uce Hint ^tivinger/i didn't ofton ?vlclt that, nclrrhborhood. 'My,' ;ihn said, 'You gnvo mo uullo a start !' I thoiight If Gumbo had been thero with IiIb mouth 'one-n 1t would have given' her ft Ijrwiter tftart ; but ho Uad gone off Into the l-uuh proiipeotlni;. I romaritod that I was very worry. ': ? Blui imld : 'Oh, don't mention It,' and nearly otarod mo out of eounlonance. 'TiAVdllor 7' nhi- miked pmiinntly, hav ing tliDixiughly looked mo up and down and through ami ovor, . Tho nnri'ly-haliY.'il 'Wnmivn rolled up ihn lmlf-JMr ot f,onj- in j* Jugged Mtjuaro of brown pnpnr nm! Intel It down -iotly. Then liho ronUnl her ?ellio-wn on the ctumtor ami ii^llh her chin on hor liniAla wnltod for tin oiKirilm';. 'Yes, madam,' I replied. . 'Coino far ?' -.'Good way.' 'Cool day for walklh'.' ? ' 'Nice cool day.' 'Walk far to-day ?' . 'About twelve- mllca.' 'Which way'd you come from 1' 'Bullock Flat,' I said, getting a trifle ?uneasy under the croaa-ojcamlnatlon. 'Oh I' sold tlip woman, trying to read ? the label on the salmoa tla In my hand. 'Plat's a quiet place. My old man's got a niece married to a man name o' Card well at the Flat. Know him ?' 'No,' I repllod. 'I don't know him, but I've aeon him.' Tho lost Mmo I had aeon Mr. Cardwell ?was on tho night of tho fight. Ho was on the floor of tho Houbo of Content, and Tom Turnbull was choking tho wind out of him; but I did not go Into details. 'Cardwell and my old man alnt spoakln' now,' resumed the lady, quickly. 'lie did my hutiband In for a yoke o' bullocks.' 'Indeed,' I ventured. It waa tho safest remark to make under the clroumsUincca. 'Yes,' she went on. 'Them Curd wells is «1! bad eggs. Old Tim Cardwell— fathor of this fellar— (rot ulx yenra for cattle dufiin', and 'Kd ward Canlwoll (?ot killed off a horse. Mimeo Coi'dwoll was oagaged to be maiTled to a chap, and tho day o' tho 'weddtn1, when they oouio. lo tell him it waa ,tlmo to /jo to church, they found him with Ills throat cut from oar to ear, and ? ' 'I say,' Interrupted tho Bandy- haired ?woman, who kept the store, 'wasn't Timor thy Canlwell'H fourth wife Miss M'Tuggart before she was married ?' 'Yes,' snapped the olhor womren, 'aho was ; and them M'Toggarts ? ' 'Well,' tho sandy-haired woman wont on thoughtfully. 'Melliiha M'Taggart mar ried Gregory Fuller, aud Gregory I^ullar'a brolhor was married to Mary Jane Brown low, thfll wua my aunt on my mothor'a side, mid ? ' 'Oh !' cHcd Iho other lady, 'tho M'Tag garts was always reckoned a highly ro Bj-eoted family. Nobody nover had noth ing to say agcji them !' 'I should Hay not,' observed the storo lady, severely. Thero wns ii pause. In which the custo mer's eye fell on tho soap. 'Oh, my gracious !' sho exalalmcd, snatchlne It up and bolting out, 'If I didn't forget. I left tlio baby In soak wiillo t ran down bore for thin. Oh, my mercy, Tho rost of tho conversation was loat In tho distance. 'I hope the poor child haa not been drowned In the bath-tub,' I said, picking UP my change. 'Don't troublo yourself about that,' snorted tho aanfly-halrfid woman. 'That was Juot her dodge bo got tho soap on tick!' . ' I wont out reflecting seriously. . I. had already begun 'to son that tho crim- - eon thread of kinship knotted the bush to Ifethor near and far, and I ilotonnlnod iiovw ?to say anything detrimental of ono buah man or bush woman to another for foar that I - olrould bo talking to n relative, and I would advlso nil travellers and visitors to tho country districts to adhere rigidly to tho samo rule, if tboy wish to preserve tho good opinion of the people thoy oomo In contact with. I found Cumba clown the road waiting for me with a sucking pig in a bag. He was limping a bit, and I learned on enquiry that tho mother of the Infant had taken some objections/and also some skelpo off Cumbo'B loft heel. My olxmy Sancho had Jumped a couple of foncoa to oacapo hor attentions, and had stilled tho nuokor'o objections by opening lila Jugular vein with a penknife. Tiio aboriginal was full of resources. I could Jieo It was anothor act of klepto mania, but it was no uso blaming an In valid, so I merely enquired If he loft tho animal's blood and tlrlnga around. whero tha owner oould find thoni. I know Cumbo was! a victim to a lamentable disease, aud to bo ptUod, but wo wero a long way from nuiillcal testimony In ease anything hap pened. In roply to my qnosillon, Cumbo grinned, ami pointed to Loiehhardt. . One glanco at Uio dog convinced me that tho ovldenco was nafo In Ills kooping. There was -\ Kcneral look of .contontitiont about Lolchhardt n.Ctor he had dined that once seen could nover bo mistaken. So wo roasted our sucking pig in tho asluvi of tho camp flro that 'evonlng, with a, I-otnto in his mouth, and received amplo dumonstratlon.ot. tho old ndngo that 'klep- tomnivlad pig taatesaa .rweot as any other.' Ho was crlop, niuJ dono to a turn, and next morning aftor breakfast Lolciihardt con owileil Iho bones und wo went on our way refreshed. Wo ivwi't by a liack trvick. Wo had rotnlned the tin of onlmon for our dinner, but a difficulty presmited lt eolf. We had nothing to ojv«j It wilJi, 'Nobber nilno, Boss,' crlod Cumbo, forag ing In his i) wag and bringing forth old Gruinblo'.'i rnror. ' 'Um skin that pfellor tin prtflty quick.' . Woll, I often nee humor In things that other pooplo have failed to Jlnd tho fun of, and I don|.t think I over laughod moro In my llfo than I did' ovor tho ofTortu of that blackfellow 'to opou that tin of salmon with a razor, It was tho Unit time 7io had ovor handled a shaving tool, and his failure to operate solontlflcally with It cut him up a good deal, especially about tho hands. Ho was nnablo to lift anything for two or three days. Ho got tho bulk of tho fish ouc oi the tin nt last, but his norvos wore all broken up, nnd ho was oloan disorganised and norvouu. So much no that Ju»l at daybreak, whon a predatory jiativo-cat, which had boon foa (tiftkluK about tho «amp and found tho tin, and got hit! lload Jammed Into It mining for (mlmon tailings, came bolting round ?anil bumped Into him, ho thought. It .was the Dohbll-Dnbbll sure, and Cumbo cuught hold of tho cat, «nd tho wit Horalohod him bad, «nU ho wit up In Uui blanirais, holding oij ?lo tho animal and yolllng In blood-curdling nlgh'kmnro yolln. nut when I Htmolc n imiitcli, and ho found that, ho had grajiplcd, imi ho tlioiiRht tho animated ghost of t'ho dobbll tin ho had struggled with In tho evening, lio turned « baolt (lomornnuli Hirougli tho tout, carrying It down with Win, and was up an adjacent honcynuuklo troo before I had thoroughly renllBcil wliat had hnpponod. Tho n-atlvo-ont, blind nnd huU inad, with Jin head Kllll hard and fa1 it In tho salmon tin, low round in narrowing olrcleii until It fiuiin Into tH)llli-loji with (tumbo'd tree. Tnen, to tho nftilyo'/i ulinli;hly horror, It bi'(;iui to I'Uiub tho tivii flu Hi-iit, anil tlio pot foriiui noci which follo\wd will havu to 1-D rtorjDrlbeiil In imothor cluipfcOi'. ? ('lVi jjo Cnnllnneil.) 