Love the Alchymist. .'The scent of Banksla roses and blown heliotrope, nnd on the verandah's pillars tha mauve of clematis and the gold of cannrl- cnsls In a tender blur of color and form. ... There was crimson behind the belt of onks across the sweep of park land; and the melancholy tinkle of slieep bells echoed In a ghostly fashion through tbe evening's liaze. From beneath the verandah's shade came the sound of two low voices. Blanche Everslelgh, with the Insincere face that seemed typical of her -hollow and thoughtless character, was looking at the man at her side, weighing blm In the bal ance. . . . The man was looking with unseeing eyes at the glow behind tlic oaks nnd biting his pale lips. How that red glow, and that faint scent of roses became the potent rccnllors of that hour in the long yenrs that followed! It seemed that some scene — perhaps some final scene — wus drawing to Its close. I're- sently, quite calmly, the man put his hand across his eyes ns though unconscious, r un caring, of the effect on. her of Ills uncon ventional action. He snt silent for awhile, as though ho had forgotten his companion. Then— "The eve of my departure!" sha said reflectively, almost as If to herself. He turned and started. "You will be better off at Nice than i shall be ln Green-street," he said vaguely. "I shall he lonely, though," she said. He looked up quickly. That look and tlinC eager lighting of the grey eyes she hud ex pected—and intended. "You will— really?" His tone was qulta what she hnd known it would he— hopeful, excited, sensitive! Through the wnnn summer months that had slipped past she had learned to know that unsteady voice of his, and to he glad of It. It testified so obviously to his love, to his subjection, to his devotion. Other men hnd grown to he as he had been before, and she had laughed nt them— and she would laugh at this one presently. Slie wns light, some snld, and worthless and hollow; slie loved only the gay thing's ot this world; lier nature was but n, butterfly's, a doll's, vain aud heartless, pleased only, when admired. Claude Reeves had got up from the low chair by the pots of scented leaves and cal ceolarias, and, although his face had changed color and his voice grew « IrlUo strained. It was quite calmly and composedly that he asked her to be his wife. ' : . It seemed ten minutes to lilin— ten Inter- minnble years of suffering— before she an- '. swercd him. ; The sheep hells nnd the wood pigeon's note nnd the sleepy rustic of the oaks filled - In the silence. Then— "I never thought of; anything of. the kind," she said slowly.' . A pause, before his brain, took In tlio- Im-' :; - port of ker words; then he flushed from lip. ; to brow painfully. , : ' - : > ' ' "I did not, sec yon loved me/', she "went"; - ... on ; "I did not understand you meant all yon ; said to be takcn in sliicerity. In our worltl, you must knowithnt- — lie walked- to tlio end of the verandah that . - looked toward tlie ' south, ntid stood silent . with -bis back to her. \:y , IVliiit little of love," what little of charm or of pnetry his lon'ely life linrt ; offered .him, , seemed sHppTngr hack into ' the iimltinclioly, . past. .'lie .Iviriied -wiiltoi ' fc'ellitglessi! Cold im '- . Iceland almost ns hard. F j , ,. . . "Then we any the time honored phrase, 'Good-bye for evorl'" hq snld dully. "Lilte. they do In the -novels,'! she said; 'and the. foolish pair meet at oc at Lord's'ncx treason, o'r'clinnce to be post- lng" letters- nt'the snme-pliliir,' ;or turn up a pi-opos of nothing, in.; the middle of-tho Sahara." / ; . . .. ... "We will hope such, 111 liit'lc will not befall us— Hint It is usually flctloiiitl," he said. "One does' not core to nmetA woman ot . whom one has no. opinion.!'-. Thcrq wns a long, dead pause., .She- reddened slowly, "lit ho-.saw" It. Then, , without touching hnuds, he left her. "Are you out there still, Blanche?", i The French windows opened, nnd Sarah Duclo, the society woman to whom tlie nouse nnd the, oak. woods .belonged, stepped out from her over-scented boudoir. She did not wait for her friend to answer, hut went oa talking quickly, .as had become her linblt. "And has Claude Reeves gone? Foolish- man! I told him he was to dine with us and catch the last train back. Y'our good-bye evening, too. Edmund" (Edmund wns her somnolent hut inoffensive husband) "lias gone out mottling In the copse, or something equally exciting. . . . How do you think this now mauve muslin looks— Mttuve, my dear! . The very tone that old thief Angout warned ine against. But I knew better. For Iowa wear, I grant you, It uiukes one look loo pale, but here, it's the very shade of tlus hydrangeas; aren't they odd? I fancy tliey, must put something In the soli to make tliem turn that color. It's a change, after their everlasting pink. Well! Tell mo of your last Interview with the fascinating barrister. How did It go off?" Sarah paused, pcrhops for want of breath. Blanche wns looking the other way. "OhI just ns usual," she said, vaguely. t Troposc?" Blanche did not answer. Sarah Duclc leant forward with a business like air. At that moment It struck Itlniiche ns a pity that Sarah always looked so pain fully nrtlficlnl— especially In the country. "My dear creature!" — Sarah's face was full of concern — "why on earth didn't you hnvc'blm? Money, refinement, position, a Charming house in Green-street (which, with a few alterations, would suit a bride down to the ground), a good temper, uo relations, brains ' ' "Oh! don't." . . . . Blanche was shivering. \- "Think of nil the chances yon have wasted \--simply thrown away! Why,- there -was Scott, and tlic ilttle.Mnrchnnt with the red Imir, and the' long man in the 17tli. Old yon Ami any of these butterflies more amusing than Chiirde- Reeves?" "I riin.sure I do hot know. If they were too light,' 'ite Is too serious. I think I find him even Ies3 fascinating. " '- "Weill,' chiichn a sou gout, of course! But, sneaking plainly, you are not so youug aB you were, Blanche:" ' The woman in the low chair by the Bauk- . ula' roses .whitened Just a little. - There was a long silence. A dragon fly, iu coat of Irridcscent blues and greens, hovered oyer the water in the fountain's basin. There wiisra-beo, too;-on the musk In the corner, buzzing — buzzing. Blanche felt she uinst '.fiiy something. "No,I am a failure nil round," she said, In a flat voice. "But how did you match the chiffon? Mauves are so awfully confusing." \- ' "Angout did It. She renlly is a treasure. . 'As I tellEdmund, ft I- bid to go to a cheaper v : 'J.woman, it-would kill me! Get her. to freshen JV-'i-ip yoiitf l>iue?8llk."''. perhaps she -wonld.-: . f-.-. -'. - '.She could easily -post" It on to fcice." ... i - -Of course. Sarah." "And nnvthlng else?" There was no an- ew ei "" vYou are -sure ' you have forgotten no- . .thing. . Still-silence. - . ... v. . v -... ..'\yiiy-Blanclic. W'hat is the: matter?' . - Quite- suddenly, as she sat there with the . ?fIow if ronr behind itlie oaks cruelly lighting \- ;:?-Up her face.-: Blanche began sobbing. ' r - ' T— (loil L know. Sru'ah. I — I dun t think a-- I-cnu he quite well!" she snld. brokenly. > i.y. 1-Sarnh." finding nothing to say. went into ". tbeliouse. lost in meditation. She loves him. I ll be bound. I fancied she did when I tumid that rose lie gave licr \- r, In-hcr glove box. IV ell. time will. show " Spineliow the wild gay life at the Soutii ..'.of. France was not so distracting as it. used ; . to be. . Blanche EvorsIclgUwns shocked to. .find herself growing quite romantic. oSpeci- :.< \- ally .when any lurid sun- eifect reminded Iter Willi painful distinctness ;of a certain glow \- of. erhuson behind an English strip of wood- \- land. She . would tell herself, when these stray moments', of .memory., like .uninvited ".' .guests. come to torture her. thnt she did not ..'.'wcuro In. the 'very- fulntest degree — that her ; -lire, with Its rush and whirl of dead gnletr. : ; ..tvas sufficient for her wants— that Claude. ..and everything to do with tlint chapter of r :: Jlfe 111 which he so largely llgurcd. was gone . forever, and well lost. . . . And. In the very midst of excitements that failed slg- ;.Y.i nnliy' to chase awiiy her- ennui, and nmnse- >' ' 111 onls that endeavored in vnlu to turn her \- '' sense of bitterness to one of pleasure, .. -Blanche Everslelgh got fever. ' , It luid been creeping about the coast for , sonic tluic,, tlie doctors snld;. she \vnii uneasy . I;;;, prey,- because undermined by irregular hours . "and loo much frivolity; The people she was "staying with sent for. Surah Dueie to come :H down and stay— Sarah, who, it had been said, . .. jwns always wofully bored If she were, not y.'y . ... 'dnuclng four nights out of the six, hut who. , .through nil, was the truest friend that, . Blanche Eve'rslelgh owned. ,.,No liur?", no doctor, not even Sarah (In the : : .very latest thing hi dressing gowns), could _ hyold her thinking. All day, and sometimes ; _' 'ali nlght'long, the busy brain would worry. . ; -'and argue with Itself. Her very Incapacity ;;y ;to iiiove, her helpless dependency on others, . .'somehow hade her stop to pause— to consider, j 'She lily, feverishly, lmpotently, longing thnt -.yesterday inlglit; yet he given back to her, |tliat she might heal some of Its wounds, and '.make. Its' discords harmony for ever. .. .. ., Her love for Clnude, killing all other iitreelloii shared once by ninny, became 11 lunula, a passion; she would wonder what 'lite was doing, saying, thinking; even In her \- dreams, troubled by the nightmares or n " thoughtless pnst, she always met lilm. Some- "times he would refuse to speak to her, some times he was telling her she was light and worthless and 'despicable; sometimes just tliey fwo were strolling together Idly In the sunshine. She would start up, shrieking wildly, begging. Imploring In her delirium that lie could see how she had altered— how she lind also suffered. And then no answer came, and the short, hot, airless nights glim mered by Dims of shadows to the day, she would lie back, siel: with an Intense exhaus tion, only to wonder . . . wonder. . . And then t lie climax came. The window where the creepers peeped was wide opened; soft breaths froin the sea shook the draperies to and fro; over every- . thing outside luid fallen The calmness of a cloudless afternoon. From the gardens be low, where the syrlngn and the lemon scat tered their scented flowers, came the sound of someone singing "Qunnd tu cbante" very softly. The white face on the pillow seemed to he very calm too — calm with the placid semi consciousness that is like the hush before a storm. "Sarah!" It was the first time she had spoken, the name for weeks. "Why do yon . wear, the mauve now, when It is 'so bitterly. coiil? Cold! That, was what he called nic, hard as frozen snow, he said, nbd beneath his contempt, and yet , . Surah wno knceilng by the bed, and her eyes were blurred nnd soft, with something Mint whs not artificial. She pressed the thin hand on the sheet, but could answer nothing. r Oulside n bird began singing. "Claude!" ! (lie niiine rang In a innd, wild appeal- through the warm, still room. "I am cry l"g to you. Are you listening? Von used to sny you would always listen when I spoke, dear. Why won't you touch my hand? Speak to hie? - Kneel down here and press your face on this cool , coverlet! Are you angry, Claude?. No! Why, your eyes: are quite wet, my dearest — though you are standing out there In the sunshine ... I know I was light and vain, but Indeed, Indeed, I am not now. If you could hut believe me! What? Vou are going away? No, do not go! Be just a little sorry — just a little merciful! I did not touch you to be so — ah! Von say thnt, do you? Vou are right, Claude; true In nit you say, all you think of me! . Did I teach you to be hollow and insincere as- 1 .was? Did-Ii influence your life- for harm? Ah! tell'me, uo! . . Why, how wet your lushes feel, against my fingers, Claude! Tor- hups, the sun hurts your eyes, dear. And,, speaking of that, do you remember the glow behind the oaks? Vou said you. would do a picture of it! And the wood pigeon's call ufur off iu the twilight? ... And you snld I should be your star of life for ever — your star of life, you 'whispered — and now you have- forgotten. And now I wonder do you care that it Isaliovcr? 1 know I ended It myself;, that it was all my fault! I had so many affairs; I did not realise that ours had gone, deeper . . . deeper . . . Claude, I did uot care once, but now For give me! I cannot liarm you now! O heart! O life! - - come - . come . ." And that night, while a broken and de sultory sleep fell upon the fagged brain to still its Incessant wanderings, Sarah's plump hand shook us she wrote u message to Claude Beeves. Another fortnight of suspense, anil Blanche Everslclgii was out in the coolness of the villa garden with ' the indefatigable Sarah, who was almost my sterious enough to make the convalescent angry. It was all about a certain visitor they might expeet that evening. The light fell on the head of short curls that was resting hack ngainst the pillows, on the green shade across the eyes that the fever had weakened and spoiled. She had turned to Sarah, begging her to divulge her secret. "Never rniud, my dear," said she, "you'll know presently." Sarah had been knitting; the ball of wool hail fallen to the grnss. Blanche stooped to pick it up, the thin hand groping as if blindly hefore she. captured it. Someone, coming up- over the lawns that moment saw the. little scene with eyes not guiltless of an unusual moisture. He caught sight, too, of the end of Surah's sequined sash as she escaped into the house. Then the world seemed to have tiirned back n page or two -of its history, for it wns Claude Beeves's low voice that was asking the invalid wore she belter — Claude's hands hold ing tier's once more! They sat there talk ing till a little breeze came up from the sea, and then they turned indoors! It all seemed like a -dream to Blanche; nnd, as in a dream one does not stay to question why or where fore, she did not pause to wonder what hail brought hiui hack to her. Perhaps — who knows? — ho saw some dawningof a new emo tion in the pale face that so slowly seemed winning back Its roses, for,, when, the tender lights of a Riviera eventide calmed and sof tened everything, he asked her again to ho his wife. Of course, Sarah was delighted ; of course, the enllre English colony came en fete to tli& wedding, nnd covered them with flowers; and, when she had been allowed nnotlW week for convnleseneo, Claude asked iicc where the honeymoon should bo, \ "B'c will go to London — to your rooms," she said, "to the very spot where you lived out, your life before you met me." It . would be too cold, they said: Claude must ask medical advice. M'hcn ho came hack from the doctor's villa ou the hill there was no one In their rooms bnt Sarah, who, unlike her energetic self, wns standing doing' nothing at the window. He caino in, paper-white, and touched her arm. "Where is Blanche?" he said. "She is at the Crofts'; they have a rose tea, at which everyone Is to have a bouquet." There was a pause. Then Sarah paled. "The news?" she said. "Von asked?" When ltecves spoke his voice was hard and rough. "He says, as far as he can judge, she Is inenrabie — she can do as she pleases. It would he best to let her have her way." A shadow as of some heavy cloud fell over Sarah's society face. "Then you will go, I suppose?" she said dully. She seemed lost in deep thought for a moment; then she weiit: over to Claude. "My friend," she said; and, .although the tears were running down her- face, her eyes were full of hopefulness; "it was love she wanted. Claude, she bus got It now. She will live. Do not despair." So to London nud Groen-stroot they, went, arriving ou a dull chill day late In a murky afternoon. After a cosy tea by the fire, Blanche insist ed ou looking round his rooms — the rooms to which he had returned only last summer, the night she had refused him. "It seems so odd — so sudden," she snld suddenly; nud now— now," slipping lier arms l'ouud his neck, "now we are .bride- and bridegroom." "Don't think of what's over!" ho said; "look at the picture over there.. Do. you re cognise the spot, dear?" She went up and looked nt it.. "Why, it's a bit of Suffolk, Claude! Why did you paint the oaks as though you loved them.?" She turned, pushlug up the shade across her eyes, on -to the- soft tendrils of cropped hair. . - . . .. "I did love them — you forced me to. .And thou — I loathed them!" he said gently. She. turned again to the picture, saying nothing, and lie fancied she was only recall ing the view of wood aud copse from Sarah's flower-verauduh. , But when, a. moment Inter, she turned hef face to bis, be saw thnt the great tears were running down It,' from ; beneath the 'green shade. . "How you. must. have suffered!!' she said brokenly; "how you must have suffered." He did not nnswer, save to press her hand; it seemed safest to keep silence If lie were to kcep his composure. He walked to the window and. stood sharing out of it. She came up hclilnd him, putting her arms round him, twining and untwining the rest less fingers. ..... "I want to make a confession," she said. He laid his band softly across the unsteady lips. "No-t now! Not now!" he urged. . "I must, , Claude. Hear me now. When. In the old days you showed me., that you loved me, I was glad,, hideous ly glad. When you seemed, iu my fancy, to slacken off, it uiudo me mis erable, though, through all that time that seems a nightmare; to lue now, I never ineaut to trout you seriously — to love you in re turn. You were my toy — uo, dearest, I must speak. I liked to play until I broke you. . . . Then, that day you left me, I woke up. . - , Claude, I could sleep no lon ger — dream' no longer. Your shadow haunted me; the very scent of those Banksla roses grew a horror.' Your fuee, like some ghost's face, mocked and laughed at nic. And now. .... Look at mo uow. ... Why, Claude, why, you are crying. Never hiiud. There — never mind me. If I .cau.care no lougcr, why should you he so sorry for me?" The light fell on licr upturned face. Would Sn rub's words prove false? Was their brief pleasure doomed so soon to fade? Dying? She? She leaned upon his breast, staring into his face — the shade torn oil from over the pitiful eyes with the violet circles round them. "Spealc— speak," she said,iu a hoarse. whis per, emotiouul with the hysteria of u half- rceovery. 'Tell me yon have quite forgiven me " "Forgiven yon, my darling—" Her face was distorted with the unrea soning fear that he would desert her. "And you will never let me go? Never? Never? Never fall off from loving me — never turn from caring just the same?" He put his strong anus round her closer. "Husk — hush! Everything's all right," ha said, hut the pallor of his face seemed to give the lie -to ills calm words. "You are here, Blanche,' safe with me. . . . None can take you from me. . . . Why, look at tile light on the Suffolk picture, dear. It lias given It a reril suusot behind the pollard oaks." . She turiicd and looked quite composedly at It; the tempest of passion, of emotion, seemed to have passed away, bnt over the sad eyes,' stralnojl and red, stole a blinding veil of tears. "My eventide!" she said, but half aloud. "And I am going to 'ho so strong In It — strong and sincere, brave nnd very patient; mid you Hhitll never call me -false again never sny that I am only a flirt without a heart to love with. Never call me lying— trenclierous — hollow " __ Slie dropped, her face Into her hands. Soineho!\;.._ho_ could find no reassuring ivi>rtls"just then r'speech had forsaken him. 'And This.- - Tlre'-firsLUh' of their honeymoon. .-. . Ttien she looked iip. f "YouLjsfoji th'liik Ijsiiodl be'myself ngain?" \ Tlie light' 'behind the' pictured oaks grew dijeper midjioaper. :/ , ."i\Ty child— wc Tiihuot toll. I only know that lovo-like"ours " He . paused nnd kissed her. She smileTt, and he thought she had re covered her composure. "Love heals uiany wounds," he quoted, softly, "and you-nnd I, Blanche— — " ' She was looking straight past him out into 'the gathering autumnal darkness. Sud denly, the terrible fear of something she did not understand sociued to overtake her. She swayed— tottering blindly — nnd would have fallen had he not been near her. She clung to him, sobbing like a frightened child. "Claude! Claude!" — the cry rang out wldly, loudly through the silences of tho darkening room— "1- want to live! I want to live!" Three months cnme and went. Claude ' Beeves and his wife were down at Sarah's house In Suffolk on a long visit. "It is Just as I predicted; you are as well now as ever!" Surah would exclaim a hun dred times u week. "Love Is ouo of the cleverest doctor's going. When I was en gaged, poor Edmund v.-ould actually write ine love poems, though he has written noth ing -since.. And I remember how auuoyed ho wns when I lit my spirit stove with ouo of his pet effusions! .... Perhaps it wns that Indignity that nipped his classic muse iu the bud.' Blanche was standing at the boudoir win dow, looking out over the chaos of fallen leaves to a certain break in the onks where the road to the village met the drive. She did. not appear to have heard aword of Sarah's jjimlniseences, for presently slio said, quite vaguely — "He -will he back here In a moment. He has only gone to the post; ... Sarnb', I sometimes think thnt If Claude and I had never chanced to meet again — — " Sarah smiled, but inwardly, at tho thought of a scribbled.' message sent one night from Nice to Green-street. But olio satd nothiug, and, as a man's shadow durkched the window, and ids quick steps crossed the vcrnndeh to the door, she ran away to trim a hat till dinner time. The 'auick : steps paused at the door and came in. He -walked over to Blanche, with the late afternoon suu gilding his fuco nud the sleeve of his rough tweed cont. "Not tears?" He lifted his wife's fair Ince and kissed It. A gust of wind blow a slioaf of loaves ngulnst the window. No! No! Not really. I was only thinking. Claude! sweetest . . . dearest . . . I wonder, why I am so ridiculously- happy j» 1 "The Gentlewoman.". 