K'OTDS OF THE DAY. "I must havo liberty Withal, is large a charter as the wind, \-- To blow on whom I please." . —AS YOU LIKE IT. As a result of their Investigation of the claims of the Now Guinea Land Sydnicato for tho return of deposits paid by them, the Australian Agcnts- Gonoral have "recommended a reduction In somo itoms." Moderate and forbearing conduct on the part of our representatives In London Is good. It ' strengthens tho correct impression gradually gaining ground throughout tho world that Aus tralians aro really qulto a civilised people. But It Is a mlstako to overdo courtesy and patience, and this Is a enso in point. The occasion called for bad language and personal assault. Tho Agents- General should havo spoken tlio Australian mind > in good Murrumbldgeo terms to Mr. Chamberlain tm this subject. Tbcy should have moppod their ofllcial floors with the man who brought the little hill from Sir Somers Vino and Mr. Lewies, and should then havo cabled to 113 for authority to go in a body and deal it out to his principals. It is the last possibility of cheek on tho part of theso persons to expect that they will get a farth ing out of us — yot there is some probability that their sublime audacity will moke a small success of this ' venture. Just as soon ns theso colonics became fully aware of what the syndicate proposed doing, thoy absolutely re fused their sanction. As part proprietors of tho land which Messrs. Vino and Lowles hoped to grab, they told the Homo Government that they would withdraw from tho concern altogether if tho proposed deal was mado. Mr. Chamberlain was very slow about cancelling it, hut ho did so at last becauso that was the easiest way out of the difficulty. It was his difficulty, not ours. It was from beginning to end a troublo of his own making. It Is tho British, not any of the Austra lian Governments, which should pay the syndi cate, If thoy deserve any payment for money lost In an attempt to solzo upon tho fat lands of New Guinea. Tho tlnlfottler is in troublo again. This larri kin of tho wilderness was given too much ropo in tho beginning. Beforo society out back picked np tho more civilised customs of close popu lations, ho was tolerated, if not welcomed, whon his 'boisterous uninvited pack obtruded itself on tho wedding feast. Tho rough, siraplo peoplo of in earlier day oxpectcd him to como with banging of old milk pans, bray of dinged-in coach horns, discord of all possible, kinds, and somo that seem ed extra-human and not of this world. Food and drink wore thought of and provided in advance for these raiders, and they made merry until the crudo alcoholic refreshments of tho period in duced other moods. Many a bravo set-to with bare knuckles out by tho slip panels in the cold moonlight has followed a tlnkettllug success; many a bush "push" vendetta has been thus en gendered. But., lllco many organisations that prospered, this grow ovcr-exactlug aud too loud. It required too much provisions, and became in some districts a turbulent blackmailing organi sation, which, in addition to attending aud taking charge of all wedding festivals, 'or miles around constituted itself a surprise party, on tho olf-chanco of obtaining free nourish ment. and stimulants when tho marriage rato was not high enough for its requirements. As a re sult sober-minded residents with a stake in the bush devised measures for the protection of their cupboards . and their peace. Rocksalt flred at long rango, although followed by law procecd- ings, has almost crushed out tln-kottling in many places, and there aro persons who still walk wltli" a "limp ' because they could not com prehend without a practical demonstration that people outgrow their customs. Just now in ono of tho colonies there is trouble because a bride and' bridegroom defended themselves In a man ner that would horrify tho Peace Conference, by doctoring the drink of the self-invited ones. It "was only a joko, of course. Such things always arp when a few peoplo are half killed by them, and explanations aro called for. Thero is ao sadder failure concoivablo than the joke which requires to. bo fully explained — especially on oath, as alleged jokes of tho practical kind sometimes are. ' Tho foregoing incident reminds me of ano ther, which has Just taken place in connection with' a' fashionable wedding in England, though in this caso tho apologists aro not pleading jocular intent, but established friendly custom. The wedded couple were just leaving on tho honeymoon trip, and everybody was throwing rice, as is the inexplicable Anglo-Saxon fashion. A lot of it got into ono of tho horso's ears, where upon tho team unanimously bolted round tho sorner. The driver was thrown olf and dislocated in., a highly compound manner, the bride and bridegroom capsized and seriously injured, the carriage smashed into splinters, ono of tho horses killed, and a considerable section of the public subjected to nerve-shock by their efforts to not got run over. Now, almost everybody who is in jured or. has suffered loss, or who has a reason ably good chance of proving that he or she was in tho neighborhood at tho time, has instructed his or her solicitor to seek communication with tho solicitors of tho rice-throwers. And the ono thing really surprising about all this, seeing how particular most horses aro about their cars, and how shockingly erratic is tho fcmlnino effort to throw anything in a given direction, is that something resembling it in tho main features has not happened often before. Mark Twain's latest book will at least be dell- jcrately later than that of any author who has let lived. There aro Instances in plenty of manu- icrlpts being discovered and published long after the writers of them havo been dead, and by most iion forgotten. There are instances in plenty »f authors desiring to hold out of print matter in tended for the eyes of all who care to read it until death has taken them out of the reach of consequences. But I do not know of anyone who has ordered that his work shall not be published until a hundred years after he has passed away, but Mr. Clemens. He has struck a good many original ideas in the course of a long life that has been useful, clean, and loveabie, bqt nono which is more so than this. It is the kind of no tion that could only be entertained by a veteran writer. What young author, burning to see him self in print, would trust to the chance of his ghost rejoicing over what tho critical papors ot an unborn century would have to say about his style? Mark Twain is a man with two mental individualities. Ono who looks further Into .: the amusing possibilities of things, than" most men havo been able to look;." the other Is concerned with tho iDitiail mystery and wonder of life, with the pro blem of why things are as they are, and they may be altered for the better. The second individu ality has had no kind of show, because the world was so charmed) with the first that It asked for more. '.Mark Twain has vainly tried to get seri ous articles on serious subjects accepted without his signature by high-class revlows. With his signature they would take anything ho sent along, but that would not do for him. However gravo and philosophical the matter, the world would try to.flnd where tho humor was in it, and say the old man .was going a bit off. The projected hook is to be ono of the most candid and truthful ever written. It will givo Mr.' Clomens' judgment of all those persons of distinction or consequenco of our time concerning whom he has had opportunities to form a critical judgment. He will write what he believes, ex tenuating nothing, and setting nothing down in ill-will. Intimat'o portraits honestly drawn, of menarchs and politicians, as well as of obscuro persons, will, he believes, enable the peoplo of a century hence to form a truer estimate of our time and characteristics than any number of his tories and biographies written with the reserva tions of convention and in tho fear of giving offence. He will not be afraid of offending any body, as but few of the gi'andsons of those dealt with will then bo alive. And if tho grandsons who survive feel hurt about it (they can't do any- thing to hurt him — at any rate, while they con tinue to survive. Mark Twain considers all his other work will be quito forgotten when his latest boo: appears to keep his memory green for a while longer. It Is annoying to reflect that even the youngest .of uq will hardly have a chance of sub- scrlblng .for it. NIEMAND. At 42 Margaret-street last night u largo audi- ence assembled In connection with the Sydney Theosophical Society, to hear a lecture on "Za- noni and, the Dwellers on- tho Threshold," by Mr. Simmatt. Tho subject evoked many ques tions, the consideration of which gave rise to an animated discussion. The following is the report of the Thomas Walker Convalescent Hospital for last month:— Patients in the hospital on May 31 last, 75; since admitted, from tho hospitals 42. from the general public' 27; discharged, 74; remaining in the hos-, ,p!t»l. 7ft- 