Brief Mention. At a meeting of the officers of the Bathurst Church it was resolved to for ward a letter of condolence to Mrs Webb and family. An impressive memorial service, having reference to the death of the Rev. A. J. Webb, was conducted in the Bathurst Church by the Revs. ,J. Spence and T. B. Holmes. We regret to learn by telegram that bir Jonn (Jolt on, or Adelaide, is lying dangerously ill. Sir John is one of the j oldest and most respected of the Methodist laymen of Australia. Burwood Ladie3 College has begun with an excellent enrolment for the half-year. The number of boarders is exceptionally large. There was a good attendance at the monthly meeting of ministers on Mon day morning. The Rev. H. Wiles paper on ' the Love of the Holy Ghost ' was much enjoyed. In the list of guests at a vice-regal dinner recently, was the name of ' Mr# John Norton.' ' We call attention again to the adver tisement in another part of this issue relating to the Annual Christian Endeavour Convention to be held in Sydney, . August 24th to August 29th. Endeavourers please note this. THE PRINTING AND PUBLISHING j Epworth &) ? house ..... -jj 387 Clarence St.; Sydney. ' J Where PRINTING I' Of the LATEST DESIGNS | Can be obtained at Moderate Prices. Mr. Robert Carroll has been for fthirty-six years a teacher in the Lydiard :Street Sund&y; School, Ballarat. Some of our friends at Ballina complain ?.that the Methodist does not reach them | until Monday, and suggest that if it | -were posted on Thursday it would reach them on Saturday. Will our friends iplease to note that we already post on | 'Thursday afternoon. Our Ballina correspondent reports 65 -inches of rain since Jan. 1st. If the 1 doctrine of evolution be true, there .?should by this be some indications of a I tendency to web-footedn'ess. ! The Rev. W. Matheson, B.A., of ! 'Croydon, preached a very able and affect .ing sermon on Sunday last, in reference to the late Rev. A. J. Webb. Our ?Church much appreciates the kindly . references of ministers of other Churches io the death of our late brother. Our friends at Campbelltown are ?making a laudable effort to rid them selves of debt ' and to place the Methodism of that town on a better \- footing. We call attention to an ad vertisement in this issue relating to a .great ' sale of work ' shortly to be held with the above object. Any of our readers who can help will do a good work. The Annual Christian Conference will be held in the Petersham Town Hall from Monday the 14th to Thursday -rthe 17th inst. A capital selection of .-speakers has been made, and the 'Conference bids fair this year to equal if not surpass all that have gone before. The quarterly circuit social was held ;an the Bega Church on the 25th ult., .and attracted a good attendance. Ad dresses were delivered by the Rev. D. A. -Gilsenan and Mr. A. Mason, in which it was indicated that church .affairs in that circuit are in a gratifying position. In our report of the successful candi dates at the late University Examinations we overlooked the name of Septimus L. :Scotter, an old Bourke-street Sunday : school boy. If we have missed others we should like to be informed. S. L. Scotter passed the Junior from Fort street School. Considerable satisfaction is being ex pressed at the somewhat changed atti .tude of the Sydney Morniny Herald on the ' question ' of 'Protestantism' ver'su s ' Papal slanders. Protestants would re joice to see the Herald earn a proper Papal ' boycott.' They would then show, with practical effect, that no public newspaper need be afraid of the fulminations of Rome. The Waverley Century Commemora tion meetings and services were very successful. Last week a meeting was held each evening at which specially prepared addresses by young men .^connected with the circuit were delivered. ?On Sunday the congregations were large „-and on Monday evening the central -circuit meeting was enthusiastic. Towards the 2000 guineas named as the ? circuits minimum contribution to the Fund the sum of 1450 guineas has : -already been promised. The Central Mission Committee cele brate the fiftieth of their people's -entertainment by a jubilee concert to be held next Thursday evening. The par ticulars will be found in our advertise ment columns. The programme is a remarkable one, and should certainly ? command a crowded audience. We understand that the entire proceeds will ?be devoted to social and rescue work ..among the slum poor, the drunkards, fallen and friendless, women, the waifs and strays of the city, and to special work among the seamen visiting this port. Cardinal Moran is squirming like a ?speared eel and it is highly entertaining no doubt to watch his wriggling and con tortions, but what is demanded, and nothing less, is, that his charges anent . the John William's cargo and the action ? of missionaries and naval officers in the ;Samoan trouble be either fully proved ? ?or publicly and unreservedly withdrawn. If he will not do either, he must stand ?branded as a wanton slanderer to whose statements on any subject no credence ? can be given, and to anyone with the instincts of a British gentleman such a position would be intolerable. ' \ » SYDNEY, SATURDAY, AUGUST 12. ' 