Nations. 'UTOW EMI'IUI: IS AI I KI,TI:I> HY TIIE CLIMATE. JV -NATION- (according to tlio ' Daily Mail') only lives u few thousand years. -Look at the groat nations of 4000 yearn ago. "iucatan, Mexico, Peru, Assyria, are all (lead and buried. China is only staying alivo to biivo funeral expenses. Tiie next generation of nations included Hi OUIO and (Jrotw, and these aro liko galvan ised ghosts. The third generation, the fTurks, Moors, Spaniards, Moguls, Dutch, ?imd Scandinavians are alive, liut have lost -their power. From thi.s you will s<-u that tlio nations in 3iot countries dio and stay dead. 'l'ho nations of eold countries rise, beeonio great, Jail, loso tlieir outlying dominions, and yet stay alive. This is because tlio land does aiot lapso into junglo like Ceylon and lucatan, or change into desert like Assyria and Egj'pt, hut remains fertile, providing plenty of food. Now to apply these facts. Great Britain, -the United States, Itussia, and Germany aro gaining in population, wealth, and power, Imt the British empiro is extending raoro ^rapidly than any other of them. Comparo jher with France, for instance. A couple of *-f>nturies ago, when Franco owned most of 3\rortli America, and was founding a vast -teinpiro in India, 1'aris was bigger than ILondon, and was the capital of tlio civilised -world. To-day Paris has ",500,000 peoplo, and is the capital of tlio rrrts and fashion. 33ut London lias 5,000,000 souls, and has -taken the place of I'aris as metropolis of the world. Tlio British Empiro is growing, and it "trill ke?p oil growing, along tlio lines of 3east resistance. At the present rate the -whole land surface of the plauot will be Tibsorbed by the year 2349 A.D. But as greater Britain grows it comes into closer ?rantnet w '.th the boundaries of tlio United JSlatoB, liussia, and Germany. Evon if we T«uld, wo have no wish to swallow tlioso or any othor deeontty-goverhed countries. The United States, 1'ussia, Germany, nnd flhtpan aro playing the saino g.vino. The 3iritjsh Empire is nearly as largo ns tlio :four corabinod. As England <loe.-i not wish ±o conquor tho v.-ell governed countries, the ^UBII open to annexation uiay bo diminished Tmy half. In that case all tho world will bo ?jiroperly governed by tho year 20X2 A.D. So in 113 years from the present time the ^British Empire must stop spreading for lack *>£ room on the planet. Even then it will -grow in wealth and population, but mean while these little islands aro getting very old. S?ooner or later wo ruay feel tho weakness *>t" age, and be no longer able to fight for *>ur possessions; our colonies may bo cut sulxift from us; tho confpiered countries liko 3jndia may revolt. If all this slionld hap pen, as politicians of a pessimistic tompora -aiient are already predicting, it would only l>o a wise o? history repeating itself. How long will that bo? "Well, Homo arose in 400 years, as we did, and took a -thousand yoars to decline. Oar Empiro is anfinit'.'ly greater, stronger, .and more loyal -frhnTi tlio lioman. Suppose we say 1500 years before tho Xittle England party wins a general election, amd little England is a second-class Power, as slio was in the days of Henry VTTT ? Tried and True.-Mother: ' I gave cach *¥ you boys an orange. Charlie, you said you wouldn't eat yours till after dinner, and 3-011, Jack, said tho same. Have you do j*?ived mo ?' Cliarlio: ' No, mother; we ilidn't eat our own oranges. I "ato Jack's ;inrl ho ato mine.' TTiieqnalled anil Invincible Woods' Great ^Peppermint Cure for Coughs and Colds, 10. 