; MAKING SPIRITS BY X RAYS. 1 srOOKe— NOT TIIB OTHER SORT OF .spinns. A new' and deoidely ingenious appli cation of the famous discovery of Pro fessor Rontgen — tho X rays— has been devised by a Frenchman with thoughts directed to the spirit world. So far, these almost magic rays have been . us od almost exclusively in medi cine and surgery ; hut with tho inevita ble utilisation of overy scientific dis covery for the purposes of fraud, it is not a pessimistic view to expect that before long the idea will be announced by thoso unscrupulous individuals who proy upon tno oreauuty or tno woakminded, but with no special power, nnd ondevours to impress them with the fact that they cau not only " call spirits from tho vasty dosp," hut make thorn come. At. this Parisinu spiritualistic seance all the regular manifestations of the more orthodox and avowod methods of spirit intercourse wore observed. As soon as tho guests had arrived, the lights wore turned out, and the room represented the regular appearance of such, occasions, the only .noticeable feature being a large number of vases and bits of artistio glass. In the cor ner, however, there was an apparatus about as largo ns a magic lantern, wbioh was covored ovor with a black 4oth. . As soon as tho room was dark, a hand of gigantic proportions and phos phorescent color passed over the hoadsr of the company. Naturally it pro- duoed somo consternation, but the demonstrator of thin modern miraolo roasaurod his guests in a manner directly opposed to tho ordinary spiritualistic medium by the statement that it was only tho hand of a ghost, and that no 11 spirit was about." Immediately a number of luminous violins— tor musical lustrumonts soem inseparable from spiritualistic 6oancos tnndo thoir appearance, and fiow about in all directions. As soon as thoy dis appeared a globe descended from the coiling like a huge ball of phosphorus, and swaped silently from side to Bido like the pendulum of a clook. Thon a luminous bell appeared in front of the globe, and bowod regularly to it. Immediately all the glass which had boen noticed seemed to be alive with fiamo, aud the artistic glassware and cups on tho tables becamo rnnssos of light. Indeed, the whole room, which a momont before had boen dark, was ablaze on all sides with the soft, bluish, mysterious phosphorescent glow which is so uncanny whon spirits aro about. The mysteries did not end hero, for gradually a human form appoared. At first it was vuguo and vaporous iu its outlinos ; hut it gradually bocame finer and moro marked, until tho form of a tall woman was manifested in tho darkness. Her face was greenish in hue, and it became horrible by reason of the fact that were the ghosts eyen should have gleamed there woro only two blnok sightless holos. Her very hair seomedi made .of phosphorescent firri, and in the long robes in which the figure was enveloped, sparks, which sliiono : like diamonds, gleamod and glistened. Preaontly the figuro raised its right arm, and from her hand threw flames about. Tho silenco was broken by tho beat- ting of a gong, and at the sound, whioh was indeed tho signal for the turning up of the lights and for the spirit, to rolire to another world — probably its dressingToom — tho seance closed. How was it done. ? It is a well-known fact that tho Rontgon rays maker fluoroscont sub stances shine with a phosphoroscent glow, especially anything covored with cyanide of platinum. It is also well known that, according to the researches of a woll known maker of scientific apparatus, artiolos made of glass and orystal shine with remarkablo brilliancy undor the influ ence of tho X rays, while everything else remains dark. The eamo phosphorescent effoot is obtained by X rays with diamonds, porcelian, &c.; By coveriog the ma- ohine produoiag the rays with blaok olotli, nobody sees it, and therefore no body suspects its presence ; but the magio rays pass through tho cloth, a d light up tho;gla8S vessels and nothing else ; therefore a glass held in the hand and moved up and down, or from side to side, can be distinctly seem whilo tho hand remains invisible. Tho explanation of these trioks, with this knowledge, is now eimplo. Tho violins' were' made of glass, and so were the hand and bell. They there fore became invisible in the X rays, while tho assistants who moved them about remained as invisible as if they Had been indeed spirits from another world. The ghostly woman was a most matsriallady of flesh and blood. She was concealed behind some drapery, and was enveloped in a veil, which was covered with a fluorcssont sub stance, whilo her face and hair were also covered with this material. Whon the X ravs wore turned on her, they pierced the draperies, and lighted her up in the strange mannor in which she appeared to the oyes of tho startled guests. As it was impossible topcoat her eyes as her face and dross had been, they did not show up, but appeared merely as two groat holes, and her awful appearance was thus obtained by the simplest and most uhsrrdly easy method. — "Pearson's Weekly." 