UUl) NOTES. BY THKODOMAS. A GENTLEMAN friend of mine, when ODce asked to give a description of a country town in which he was then raiding, summed his answer up into oue word: "Spasms." The reply was exceedingly appropriate, for when a spasm was not taking place the town was about as dull as a sta<(Uant ditch or a fishing party where neither viands uor "bites" are a portion in the day's proceedings. And to describe the Forties council one could not well use & bettor metaphor than that simple word "spasms." For month after month things municipal arc just ubout as dull as it is !) possible to imagine anything wherein more than t wo people are concerned ; and then, by way of a iliange, the "sleeping beauties" are awakened by ,i "spasm," t-JiK'ily caused through one of the most wakeful of their number throwing a bomb into the • amp. And just l'.eru it. is quite pardonable to liiiwut the fact thai the explosive force used is not lyddite, for then some of the more lethargic spirits might he put to sleep for ever. However, it is racier interesting to note that the said council !ns just bad another "spasm" after months of dreary monotony, and our "civic fathers" have awakened for a brief time to a sense of their duties. There is 110 kuowing how long the effects of the shock will Jast, nor indeed whether the aldermen will fall asleep again before accomplishing any really useful work. But one <jf ,t!K> most essential traits in the character of a municipal '""l'"y<-'\ i " '•"I 1 " '• aid ul least we are always permitted to hope for the best. Ill the present instance we are allowed to hope that the "spasm" now in evidence will last until the end of the municipal year in February. It is certain that three out of the nine aldermen will keep awake during that time by virtue of the fact that they retire then either for re-election or municipal annihilation, and it may be that they will poke the others in the ribs just sufficiently to keep them awake too. What has now caused the sudden awakening is a letter the council has received from its solicitor, telling the sad tale that after writing one thousand (1000) letters to persons in arrears of rates, 110 money is coming in. Not one farthing was paid as general rates during the fortnight just past, and the bauk balance, while it is fairly large, is unfortunately 011 the wrong side of the ledger. Of course there is no work going on because there is no money either in hand or coming in, and things generally up to now have just been about as stagnant as it is possible to imagine. However, everybody who owes anything is tu be sued, and, judging by the Mayor's remarks, I presume a start will first of all be made 011 the the defaulting aldermen and servants of the council. Quite right, too. If only a "eiiie father" is brought to book others may see fit to part up. And who knows but that the final three months of the present municipal year will BIIOW more real work done than the preceding nine. Let us hope (the taxpaver's essential again) that the present "spasm" will last just that long, if no longer. O.VE result of the sudden awakening alluded to is the appointment of 6lill another committee to consider the advisability of having Forbes lit with gas. To my ou'ii personal knoivledge there have been at least ninety-nine such committees selected during the past half-dozen years, but few of them have even su inuch as met. One of the delightful privileges of being an alderman lies in the fact that you can be a member of at least a dozen select committees without even l.eing asked to so much as attend one meeting. However, that is by the way. Another gas committee 1ms now been appointed. Whether the alderman who moved for it just wished to make the number up to a hundred, or whether lie was Hctuated by a desire to accomplish some tangible work, remains to be seen. We can hope for the latter. So fas as can be gleaned it appeals that there is a desire in some quarters to form a local company to cope with this work, and the idea is an extremely laudable one. Whether it will come off is another thing. There is one thing certain, and that is that the works cannot be erected by the municipality under existing conditions, because all our rates and properties, both present and prospective, are tied up in the bond which the Government holds to secure the water works loau ; and to expect a financial institution to lend the money without security of any kind is not even to be dreamed of. Some little time ago the council received an offer from a well-known firm of gas engineers, Messrs. Coat.es and Co., to erect the works at their own expense provided the council gave theiu au indemnity against allowing other companies to start in opposition. They also agreed to put a price on the scheme for purchase by the council at any time during a given period, and, what was of far more interest to consumers, they guaranteed to devote all profits over and above ten per cent, to a reduction in the price of gas. Thus their offer wasin ameasure thatof acooperative company, with only this difference, that the consumers had not to:find the original capital. Of course it would be very nice if we could start a purely co-operative gas company here, but I'm very much afraid it would be little more than a private syndicate if started at present, because the general run of consumers are suffering from the effects of a protracted drought aud have not much spare cash . to put into such a concern. However, there is another way of getting over the difficulty. The council might accept Messrs. Coates and Co's. offer to erect works and retain profits not exceeding ten per cent, on the amount of their outlay. Instead of giving the couucil the offer of the works however, at a given price after erection, they could give at> uqdertaking that tliey would sell to a local co-operative company or the council. If that plan *vere adopted the firm alluded to would be willing to go on with the work6 at the beginning of the new year. In the mean time,, and during the erection of the works, a local co-operativecompany could be formed to purchase the plant as a going concern. It would not matter if the formation of the company were not completed for two years; they would have tbe right of purchase just the satne, I don't know that this.plan could be improved upon, but at least it is workable and gives promise of bearing more immediate fruit in the way of a good light than any other at present put forward. For that reasou I have given it out as a suggestion to the "one huudreth committee now in charge of the question. THE question of erecting abattoirs was another matter resurrected at the council meeting in consequence of the general activity displayed by certain members. Just by way of a diversion no committee was appointed to deal with this matter. •It was perhaps remembered that we have nearly as many abattoirs committees as gas committees, and for that reason it was tacitly understood to 4II0W all who have been appointed at various times to have ft hand in framing a scheme of some kind.. Tbere is scarcolv an alderman sitting at the table who has not been several tidies appointed to that responsible position—but there their duties have so iar ended. No order was made iu this matter on ""Vesclay eveuing. liut it is only reasonable to pre-- . ''lat something will be accomplished because' ^'--iii* «B»u»eltatl6ii',1B matters inunioipai. K„ v^i r^lii^ -'^tion tjoen alluded to in this 00 often has this qo. , ai|,am6[j mention column that I am almo*. . t « dead meat." It is infinitely consumers thatthey should Tiave their. , -J? & plies properly inspected than that they should t . supplied -with a telephone exchange, or even with as ib place of the kerosene light iaow in use. fNeither the.exchange nor the gas light will affect the health of the people in any wny,. whereas au adequate inspection of meat means the prevention of a considerable jimount of disease. As a matter of faot, tbe health of the community should be one of the very first considerations of our authorities, and. with that end ia view the Government some time ago passed the Diseases in Meat ,-Act. The local councilhas, however, been particularly pareful ia fightiug shy of the subject up to the present time. .They Tiave indulged in a few legal quibl^es, but they tiave utterly and.wilfully failed to recognise their responsibilities in the broad sejise of the term. Inaword. tbej' have done absolutely nothing to ensure a proper inspection of rn^at slaughtered for human consumption,'and they can do nothing until they compel all meat vendors to sltui<vttei' their stock at some central yards; ^Piiey knoii that one-half the meat killed now is never inspected, but tliey^are apparently quite careless of the fact that wore disease is spread jn this than in any other way. AU that is require J is a simple municipal slaughter-house.- If we isn't 'go .id lot' so extensive abattoir, that is curely no reason why the butchers cannot all kill at one yard instead of at promises which, in some instances, are as much as nine miles apart. Words ran scarcely describe the apathy with whioli this matter has BO far been treated % oar present aldermen, but it ia to be sincerely hoped that something in a reasonable way of reform will now be attempted. PERHAPS it is too early in the season to tell of "big gooseberries," "snake stories" or such like yarns, but a news-vendor at Blayney hnscanghton .with a most sensational "ghost" story, which he despatched straight away by wire to the metropolitan dailies. The copper miners at Blayney have recently been alarmed at the appearance of a nightly visitant in some of the old mine workings, and so great has been their consternation that a number of the men have struck work and absolutely refuse to go down the shaft until the ghost is either captured or induced to return to its former quietude. We are told that deep down In the botvele of the earth there is a nightly ringing of bells, singing and groaning, while candlra are extinguished by a supernatural blast from a ghostly mouth as the nocturnal visitor brushes past the men at their work, reducing them to a condition of abject terror. The little entertainment is not at all relished by the men, and so it is presumed the ghost will now have possession of the mines. Speculation is somewhat rife as to who the visitor is that blows out the candles, rings the bells and performs the various ghostly feats so far underground, but if it is a visitor from the spiritual world at all, it is proljably the ghost of some former speculator who has spent his all in the Blayney mines and then been reduced to the condition of a suicide. But talking of ghosts reminds me that apparitions clad in white sometimes conceal that which is exceedingly human. Once, at a school uof a thousand miles from Forbes, a certain night class was being constantly visited by ghosts, and they generally managed flit several times across the path of the master as he wended his May home at a rather late hour. Being an Irishman,—and a burly one at that—tie said nothing about the ghost to his pupils, but one night came armed with a lovely "blackthorn" with a lump 011 the end of it just about bard enongh and big enough to knock a horse down. As usual, the ghost appeared in his path on his way home, but the schoolmaster walked along with head erect as though seeing nothing. Suddenly lie was confronted by the ghostly spectre, which— with outspread arms—almost entirely blocked his way. But, instead of turning tail, he up with his " blackthorn," and the dull thud which fell on the head of that ghost could have been heard half-arnile away. The next morning a pupil, who rejoiced in the nickname of Rooster," was found missing—was in dry dock, in fact, being treated for a broken skull. Needless to say, there we uo further noctnrnal visi ore clad in white. FORBES is nothing if not up-to-date, and it is quite in accordance with the usual order of things that we should have a telephone exchange.. Had this matter been left in the hands of any public tody the town might have waited until Doomsday, but fortunately it was taken up by some citizenB in their private capacity. Several months ago a move was made in this direction and Mr. Walker (Government Electrician) visited the district for the purpose of arranging details. At that time he went down the river as far as Wartoo and made satisfactory arrangements for a trunk line from Forbes in the event of an exchange being established here. But what is anybody's business is nobody's business, and so the matter was allowed to slumber. But the subscribers were quite willing to give the necessary guarantee, and when they were asked to sign the requisition this week for a day and night service the requisite fivc-andtwenty soou sent in their papers. The Government just now seems to be holding out all kinds of inducements for country towns to establish telephone exchanges, and it is probable the Forbos people will be able to riug one another up by the beginning of the year. There is also a general desire to connect all exchauges where practicable by means of trunk lines, -so that persons subscribing in different centres will be able to communicate with their friends thirty or forty miles away on payment of a very small fee. The"idea is a good one and is far ahead of the telegraph system, so it is to be hoped our friends in Partes, (irenfell, Condobolin, and other "places will follow the lead of Forbes in this matter. To the local business people the greatest boon will he in having communication with residents of the country who will be connected with oue of the offices by means of the telephone wires. A RATHER serious fight is just now being waged concerning the extension of the railway to Coouamble. The Dnbbo people are fighting tooth and nail for tbe extension to be made from that centre, and the Mudgee people are fighting just as strenuously for what they claim are the rights of their town, while the Cooaamble people are afraid to opeu their mouths lest they won't get a railway at all. The rival claims of the two routes have been before Parliament and the railway authorities with the result that the Public Works Committee favours the extension from Dubbo, while the Railway Commissioners are equally strong in their opinion that any extension to Coonamble should be made from Mudgee. In the first place, the Commissioners urge that while the extension will be longer and the construction of the line considerably more costly than an extension from Dubbo, Coonamble will be 31 miles nearer to Sydney, nUt Mudgee than Wei the other route. This is a serious consideration for the district affected, and tbe Coonamble people no doubt are anxious to have the line which will give them the shortest route to the met ropolis. The Commissioners are also of opinion that tbe Mudgee line would traverse more settled agricultural country than that via Dubbo, which would materially assist in the matter of making the undertaking a paying concern. At all events the House is considering the matter this week, so we may expect shortly to hear which route has been finally decided upon. I notice that both the city morning dailies are strong in their support of the Railway Commissioners, and the manner in which some railways in the past have been constructed inclines one to the belief that they are quite correct in the views they give expression to. Though I don't know a very great deal about the rival routes now in question, judging by past events, it is quite safe to assume that the Railway Commissioners know far better what they are doing than do the members of the Publio Works Committee. As a matter of fact, the former gentlemen are railway experts, who look on the ..various extensions as a portion of the business which they have to make into a paying, ooncern, while the. Works Committee, as a rule,.is prejudiced either one way or other without regard to that reliable evidence which Should be always necessary before undertaking suoli work as that of railway construction. The country generally, too, is somewhat chary of placing any 'very great faith' in our Sectional Committees.. Not long ago we had an instance of a huge picnic held on the Lower Laohlan when the' members were supposed to be gathering information and taking evidence concerning a proposed railway. We have seeh other instances, too, where lineq have been recommended by the Works Committee when the Railway Commissioners were utterly opposed to their <sof«tr.uolion.' And the truth has beeo'discoyered too late, vi£, af ter the l;ne has been la)3, that it iseBource of expense and hot of income to the railway systern :of the colony. <Coiiceraing the rival routes .{iotr. in; question, doubtless a:very great deq.1 is to be said on both, sides, but past experience teacbes us that . it is far sitfer for the House to be gijided in its i decisions by the Railway Commissioners t^n • those irresponsible beings knowq as' the Public ' *Vorke CtHllOlittee, .- I v —_ "'. . I T_ u ni^wto-"to that the member for Yuss> forsakea ha* forth?'time*boi.« his somewhUt j .idiotic, bill concerning aomesticr^rSl 1^' 1 uow* devoting himself to ah attempt io re.7 u ®,t» e J number of free railway passes given Way jnthis ' colony. It appears that Mr. Affleok is i>ne of '. those energetic individuals who .roust always he and doing something, but ho got on. an extremely I poor trltik when he talked about legislating for the reduction of hours""of domestics. , Asia rule , that class of labour takes gpod .care to regulate its ; thpy shall not be dywtfpHt^.;.,^:^ project of the member for Yass due consideration by the authorities. The craze'. ^•Johnnie" 8 ' who mam iinmlhe'm'&wWW.; jmtertained as a railway guest by ' the ; authorities, until, indeed, we must long tffo have' been mentally assigned a position as first-class lunatics in the eyes of Imperial authority. Theu again, tf we take our own people wo tind that free life rtsses am granted to persons who hdve held high t tate offioes for many years, this being conferred as a sort of mark of appreciation for valuable .services rendered. Now, as a matter of fact, such services have already been well paid for by current coin of the realm, besides whioh it must not be forgotten that this olast of civil servant is usually in receipt of a handsome pension which should make a "free pass" an utter superfluity. As some of Mr. Affleck's supporters have pointed out. this money would be far better spent if devoted to reducing the rates on back country railways, where tue travellers as a rule hold neither good State billets nor are able to look forward to a handsome pension during their old age. THE calm effrontery which some people exhibit when criticising the action of certain of the arrtiy leaders in (south Africa is truly astonishing, and when such criticisms come from people who should know better, one in inclined to indulge in the wish that he could administer a good old kicking to the offender. Speaking of this matter, a writer iu the {jtar says" The war has been responsible for some utterly foolish opinions, most of which have fouud their way into print. For example, take the theory put forth by a Sydney officer while discoursing on the wild allegation 'that the Estcoiirt relieving army had run short of ammunition. There was a rumour that Ladysmith had run short of ammuoition, but happily it was unfounded ; and it was also stated that the force at Estcourt was waiting for artillery. Upon this itwas confusedly concluded that the Estcourt army had lost its cartridges, and the gallant officer referred to carefully explained that it might have been caused by the cartridges unanimously falling out of the men's pouches. Thus the 10,000 men would lose perhaps 100,000 rounds at one fell swoop. To imngine that ten thousand British soldiers wotiltl not possess sufficient intelligence to keep their ammunition from falling out of their pouches argues a very poor estimate of their intelligence. We have read many foolish things concerning the war, hut this theory is about the most idiotic up to date." 