DAUNAY'S DAUGHTER. ; By ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of "A Rogue's Daughter," "A Life Sentence," '"Sir Anthony's Secret,." "Marjory's Mistake," "Dr. Endicott's Experiment," "Jacobi's Wife," "A Val uable Life," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER I.—AT THE TOWEE. *ut's a wild neet, misses, called a la boring man,to a figure that passed liim on his way. A woman's figure he made it out to be, but the darkness wrapped her round' as with a garment, and he could not see her face. He was toiling up the hill and she was coming down, and the wind was raging furiously round every corner, and hurling the branches of the sparsely-plant ed trees backwards and forwards until they seemed ready to snap in twain, while every now and then a dash of rain accom panied the fitful but' violent gusts. ' It was difficult to find the _ way, but a row of white stones emphasised the path, and the man who mounted and the woman who de scended the bare hillside were alike ac customed to pick their steps in difficult places of the kind. ' "A wild night, indeed," she answered back, and at the sound of her voice the man turned round and tried in" vain to penetrate the depths of darkness with his eye. Then at last he shook his head, and went heavily on his way. "Why. 'Twere Jane Arnold," he mur mured, as he bent his shoulders again to the ascent. "Jane Arnold, as keeps her self allers to herself, an'-niver has a word for nobody. Jane Arnold, on her way to the valley, an' > for aught I know, to Daunay's Tower, at dead o' night. What in the world's the meaning o' that, I'd like to know?" But there was no one to answer him, and he went onward to his wife and his own fireside, while Jane Arnold toiled down to the valley, and to the house of which he had spoken' as Daunay's Tower. It was the popular name which the na tives of that wild Cumberland dale. had given to a building raised chiefly in the last generation by a man who would' fain have ennobled his family, and reared a dwelling-place worthy of a race of kings. . He was a wealthy man, this Stephen Daunay, and he called his house Bella vista, or some such foreign and newfangled name, which was an offence to. the inhabi tants of High Bigg Dale. In spite of the threats and pursuasions of the builder and owner the dalesfolk took and kept their own appelation, and the house was always Daunay's Tower, and some times Daunay's Folly, when they wanted to be severe. There was a certain propriety in calling it Daunay's Tower, for the nuc leus of the building was an ancient keep, which how. stood at a corner of the mo dern house. It was a square stone tower, with an old flight of steps outside, leading to a small upper room not often used. The lower part of 'the tower likewise contain ed a single room, which could be entered by a narrow door of a singularly massive and prison-like appearance. The country folk declared that this tower had formerly been used for prisoners, and there were gruesome stories of the cruelties that had formerly been practised within those grim walls by the lords of High Bigg Dale. The architect had made some effort to approximate the style of the new house to:that of the tower; but the Daunay of that day had not approved of his attempt, and had insisted on the cariying out of his own vagaries. The consequence was that . Bellavista, as he called - it,, was as fantastic a pile of. stones as .could be seen on English soil. It was a jumble of styles. A-Moorish gallery, a Turkish minaret, an Italian verandah, with' a mixture of. Nor man. Eenaissance and psuedo-Gothic de tails made the . place, a specimen of bar barism as oddly picturesque—by accident —as it was bizarre. ' Oh a dark and stormy night, however, the. great building could be seen only as a dark mass.standing up against, the gloomy sky. The newer-part of rhe house, was en tirely uhillumined by gleam of lamp or fire, but in. the top room of the tower a faint light' seemed- to berburning, - and' another beam came'tfrom a."sinalh lamp that hung from an iron irdd'over the narrow door. Jane Arnold, who had business with the master of Daunay's Tower, looked up. and down the solid mass of masonry with -a half-puzzled, half- indignant air. She had come all the way from her house on .Cross Fell, at half-past 10 o'clock on a stormy" night, and how it seemed as though the place were deserted, as though she might wait and wait in vain for the commission .with which, as she understood, she was to be charged. It was Mr. Lechmere, the doctor, who had brought her John Daunay's message. She did not like Mr. Lechmere. He was a sharp-faced, shallow, keen-eyed young man, with a hitter, almost a savage, tongue, and an irritable disposition. He was clever, no doubt, but he could be rough and profane in ^speech sometimes;1 and Jane Arnold was a respectable person, of a sober and religious turn, and she dis liked profanity. There were rumors about Mr; Lechmere, too, which were not to his credit. People said that he had committed some crime; some dishonorable act, which had exiled him from the world. It was whispered that he had been in prison. No tone, knew what his medical qualifications were, or whether he had any qualifications at all; he had simply appeared in the neighborhood, set" a red lamp at the door of the little -house he rented, bought a horse- and gig, and announced himself a doctor—"quite ready to kill or cure, ac cording to your own preference, and the money you pay," he had remarked in cynical fashion, when he was sent for in an emergency to his first patient. The good folk on the fells were shocked by this reckless manner of speech; and for some time the young man had an uphill battle to fight, and it was reported that he was "well-nigh clemmed" one winter. But of late things had gone better with him. Sir. Daunay had called him in two or three times, during his rather rare visits to the Tower. Some of the country people had condescended to employ him. There seem ed no reason why he should not work up a practice and earn a decent living among the Cumberland hills. "If I hadn't had a notion that John Daunay. wanted me I'd noan ha' come out to-night," said Jane Arnold. She had a touch of dialect in her speech, but it had been modified;by. some of the. circum stances of her life, and was often scarcely noticeable. "That young Lechmere ke fr wouldn't dare to make free with his name, and bring. me all this way for a joke, though I hear- he isn't particular what he does when the fit's on him, and I was not to knock,' said he. I was to bide by the stone steps until Daunay or he came out to speak to me. Well, I'm here, and the rain s coming on, and the wind blow ing; what's agate, I wonder?" At that moment the narrow door open ed, and a tall, spare figure stood revealed in the aperture against, a background of the lighted lower room. - "Is that you, 'Jane Arnold ?" Mr. Daunay said. ,"Yes, sir, it's me," said Jane. "The doctor told me you wanted me, and T've come down fell-side in the wind and rain to do your bidding." "You were always faithful, Jane — like your forebears to mine. There's been an Arnold 'and a "Daunay side- by side for three generations at the least." "I'm the last of the Arnolds," said Jane, rather stolidly. "And you'think I am the last of the Daunays, do you ?" said the man, with a dry laugh. "But it doesn't follow in my case, Jane, as it does in yours." ""Well, John Daunay, I qidn't come here at half-past 10 o' night to talk about our two families at, the door," said Jane Ar nold, in strong, sensible tones. "I should like to' get inside and warm myself at the stove if it's all. the same to you; my feet are as wet as wet,. and I can hear what you" say inside as well as out." "You've a right to speak out, Jane," said the master of Daunay's Tower, with a little-irony in his tone. "You've to some extent a right to enter; hut all the same I mean -to keep you out; Stand where you are; you are protected from rain and wind by that overhanging ledge, and a touch of cold-won't hurt a woman of'the fr11"-"—V • - '■ " "X don't suppose it will. But you are usually a bit more hospitable to me." She pulled her cloak a little more closely round her, and "waited to hear what he had to say. Mr. Daunay came out of the room ana closed the door behind him, standing bareheaded in the cold night air, with the light of the lamp thrown full on his ashen face. Jane noticed the death-like pallor, and wondered what had brought it there. But she was too proud to ask. The reticence of the North Country was strong within her. She would know only what she was told.; As she waited, however, a sound_ that came to her ears startled her in spite of herself. It was the long-drawn wailing of a little child.. She remembered an old story that she had often heard—the_ story of a mother and child who had died in this same tower many centuries ago from slow starvation, the tyrant husband hay ing locked her into that upper room in punishment-of some supposed unfaithful ness and then ridden away and been lulled in a brawl, so that his victims were never liberated until death turned the key. The baby's crying was still supposed to be heard round about the tower on stormy I nights, and the sound boded no good to those who heard it. "The ghost child," said Jane below her breath. If she had been a Catholic she would certainly have crossed herself. "What does that mean?" "Ay, what indeed?" said Mr. Daunay. "Never mind the ghost, Jane. I want you to listen to me." She glanced up at him shrewdly, this homely, country woman, with her bright brown eyes and apple cheeks. He was a tall man. with a spare frame, and the lean hard look of one who has known how to labor and to endure. He had gained a for tune by speculation, and was reputed to be growing richer every year, but Jane Ar nold eared little or nothing for that. She had a kindness for the man himself, and his gaunt frame and grim, nlain face, with the beetling eyebrows and habitual frown, was dearer to her in her quiet way than anv other .in the world. He put out one big hand and clutched her by the arm. "You were my foster sister, weren't you, Jane? We were like brother and sister for'a good many years, eli?" "That's a true word," said Jane briefly. "Your parents iyere trusted by mv par ents, as one might say, to the death. IJ can trust you in the snme way ana to the same degree, can't I. Jane?" ! "As you sav, to the death, Mr. John,' "Call me John—I like it better than your 'Misters.' There's a tie between us that you don't know of, Jane, and that God Himself cannot break. I sent for you here to tell you of that." . , She listened quietly, but her eye kindled. "I like plain words," she said briefly, after a moment's pause. _ "You shall have them. You had a step sister, Jane, a beautiful girl, whom you loved dearly?" "Yes, I loved her. . "She left your home, and you don't know j what became of her?" "Ay." i "Would it surprise you if I told you that it was I who took her away?" i "You—you! No. God is my witness that I never thought or you." Then, with, surprising fierceness and sharpness, "You married her? You made her your wife? Don't tell me she was not your wife." . . 1 -"She is my wife," said Daunay, impas sivelv. "She is? Then she is living?" She is here? Oh, John—John Daunay, I'll | forgive you all the agony you have caused me when you took her away if only you'll tell me that she is alive and well." "She is alive, and I want you to do a favor to her and to me." "Let her ask me herself." "She is not well enough to ask you her self. I want you to promise that you will do what she asks." "Oh, my Betha. As if I could say her nay." "I have your promise?" said Daunay, in a curiously emphatic way. "Swear you'll do what she asks of you when the moment comes." ' Jane paused for a moment; her face was convulsed by strong feeling, but she was too calm and sensible a woman by nature to give a promise lightly. "I'll not swear," she said, presently. "But if it's within my power—and nothing wrong—I'll do anything that Betha asks of me." "Very well. That's all, I knew you could be depended on, Jane. Now, will you wait five minutes longer, and then you shall know-what Betha asks of you?" "Oh, take me to see her! She is here, is she not? Tor the love of heaven, John Daunay " "Here? Don't he a fool, Jane. Why should I bring her here, to this lonely spot, of all places_ in' the world? She spends her winters in warm, sunny places, by the Mediterranean, or on the Nile. But you shall have a message from her by and by. Let me pass; I am going into the house. I, know you'll do Betha's commis sion faithfully." He put her aside as easily as if she had been a child, opened the narrow door, and went quickly into the house. Jane, left alone, leaned against the wall, her arms hanging at her sides, the tears dropping down her sensible, fresh- colored face. News at last from, Betha, whom she had long-regarded as lost for ever from her world, tended to unnerve her to a quite unwonted degree. Tor some minutes she could not control her tears; but at last they were checked, as she realised the fact that a dead silence seemed to prevail with in the house, and that she could not go away until she had received the message, the commission,''whatsoever it might be, that. Dat.hn h n r] fm- ni* Suddenly a sound was heard. The outer door of the ,upper room, at the head of the steps, was opened. The sky had light ed a little, and a glint of moonlight made it obvious to Jane Arnold that a man's figure was descending the. stairway, but slowly and carefully, as if he carried some thing of importance. It was not John Daunay this time. It was the slighter, shorter figure of the young doctor, Eugene Leehmere. Jane felt a shiver of dread, almost of abhorrence, pass through her as he paused at the. foot of the steps. There was an oddly-shaped bundle in his arms. After a moment's hesitation she advanced towards him, instinct telling her that Betha's message was to come through him. His cynical dark eyes seemed to shine with bitter mirth as he looked at her. " I have brought you something that it's to be hoped you will like," he said. "And you'd better get home with it quickly if you want it to live, Miss Ar nold. I was to tell you from Mr. Daunay that Betha sent you this"—and he placed the bundle in her half unwilling arms. "For this," he added, slowly, "is Betha's child." 