WIlKtIM nimsts walk. To tho Editor of "The Herald.' Sir,— I have read with great interest the ftrtlclo under tbo above heading, reprinted hy you last Friday from the "Roynl Magazine." Perhaps I may bo permitted to «iv thai 1 well knew thn mlendld old mnnrion, HroU, ) 1All: near Wakefield. Yorkshire, having there spent fnur years of my school life. For tnsnv years tho old hall wax occupied by fnur ladle— the Misses Bonn— whoso school for youug Indies enjoyed a wldo spread reputation a a find clans educational establishment, accommodat ing somo forty to sixty l/oanler. You may suppose that tales of tho supernatural wore nnt long In reaching the ears of Imprresion&hle; young girls, Although the Misses Pent) sternly discouraged all gossip on tho subject All wo gathered from them wan that tho ghost utorica emanated from a former lodge keepor and his wife, who had been In note possession of tho hall when It was "to let." ami they hod wished to remain there. Now for our experiences. After making all allowance for tho oxctlahto Imagination of keenly curious girls, (hero was undoubtedly much that passed our compre. honslun— sight and sounds for which wo could find no reasonable explanation. Rules and re gulations were very stringent, and wo never dreamt of. Infringing them; oven In tho hope of diving Into (he depths of the mysterious occurrences. Wo were forbidden to go Into any part of tho liouso excepting our own allotted rooms. 1 myself slept In tho sldo of the bouse not supposed to bo greatly haunted— In tho "Red Room"— where ono night six of us girls suddenly woko up. and distinctly saw a faintly luminous figure floating out of the lareo win dow. I need not say that for weeks after- wards our night hours were a nliery to us poor shivering mortals, with our heads under tho bedclothes, fearing wo know not what hor ror. A winding ;Ulrca<; lod out of this room down to the lower regions, into which we n«vcr penetrated, and wo took good rare L» reo that tho bolt of tho door wa kept properly fastened. The opposite side of the bouse was supposed to l>o f.-pirlai!y favored by tb« ghost or ghosts: and a room railed "SL Codllaa" was held In particular dread by Its occupanta. Up stairs again, no: far from "St. Cecilia's" was "Mother Bunch's room." I think lhe writer In lhe "Royal" Is mistaken In speaking of old M'tGror "Hubbard." We knew only of Mother "Bunch;" no', even or Lsdy Mary Bollcs. Ono of our gre.iteit am! rarest treats— perhaps every two years or thcreabout-<-w.iR when wo re ceived perml- slon to explore "Mosher Bunch's" room. This w'i a sraan nnd quite unrcmark- able apartment, which wo rummaged with equal ,.twc and curlosltv, but never found any thing to reward our painn. Heath Hall Is. In deed, or at lenrt wax, nn exquisite old place, and I still possess a school girl's sketch of It. n wc.l as one of Klrkthorpo Church, where tho nuns from Heath Hall wore burled, for the hall bad been n monastery. Ilcnodlctlne. I think. We were tohl that subterranean pass age existed between the ball and Klrkthorpo ChUKh, and also between tho bail and the church at Sandal Magna, the other side of JNakeficld. Hoping that I have not unduly trespassed on your unare —I am Mx heath hall. 