THE FRENCH MAIL-STEAMER. 7 The .French maii steamer Australian, from, Marseilles had the boarding officials early astir on Monday morning. She put in an appearance' much sooner than was expected/ and anchored at 2 o'clock. ,Dr. Toll, the health officer, awarded pratique. Siie had on board- 7*1 passengers, of whom eight in the saloon wereyfor Adelaide, 'six being from ports beyond Australia, and the other two from'.Albany.' There were four.passenaers for Melbourne, 10 for Syd ney, 11 for biouinea, and 41 in the steerage for all ports. The steamer was timed to leave for Melbourne at 6 p.m. Madame Lotta Harkness, who for three years taught elocution at the Royal Academy of Music, London, is a medallist and has a high certificate from that body, was a passenger by the mail steamer Qro tava. She is on her way to Sydney. She, is said to be a reciter of decided gifts. Ac cording to the "Times" of February 24, "her voice is, agreeable, her gestures are appropriate and graceful, and her style re fined." The lady Will probably, after giv ing dramatic recitals. in the eastern colo nies, pay Adelaide a visit. The first of a series of amusing Satur day afternoon concerts was held on April 22,'at the Academy of Music, Kensington terrace north, which is now one of the recognised" resorts of pleasure-seekers of the -eastern suburbs. The principal item was a ventriloquial performance by Mr. Stewart, wlio with the kind assistance of "Ally Sloper," • "Sammy," and-. other marionettes,'succeeded in keeping an ap preciative audience in - continued merri ment. ' A gramaplione. by far ..the. most complete "phone" of its kind, was exhibited, and- through its ■ agency was to be heard a complete concert held in Hew York. Dances, songs, ..and sketches were also introduced, and the whole programme proved highly enjoyable; It is intended to present an excellent programme at each concert. .'{w-"''' .Y. "'. The sixty-second anniversary of the Stow: Memorial Church was celebrated on Sun day. .The. service in the morriing was con ducted by the pastor, the Dev. Joseph itobertson, M.A., who preached on : the subject, "The greafrneed of the church to day." He said the question' involved a prior one, namely, the idea and purnose of the. church itself. After referring to the relation between the church and the kingdom the rev. gentleman ": said three words were "required to express the purpose of the church; they were worship, fellowship, witness. A right "understand ing of these aims would help to an answer to the question of the great need of the church. That need was not money. Wor ship could be offered, fellowship enjoyed, and witness borne without money. Arid yet money could - be consecrated, and might be very helpful and God glorifying, bfeither was the supreme - want of the church men, methods, or machinery, though all might be owned and' blessed of God. The great want of the church was the Holy Spirit. After showing how the spirit .was needed for worship, fellowship, and -witness, "the reverend gentleinan urged the' importance of Christians' living up to and living "out the words "Ye are the temple of the Holy Ghost." In the evening "the Kev. Dr. Jefferis preached on "The service of song in the house of the Lord." There were large congregations, arid the church was beautifully decorated. The anniversary services will be " conclu ded on Tuesday evening. 