i 'Charley Birrell. pi By ATHA WESTBURY. 11 COPYRIGHT. J 11 . NO. IV. W&\- . fctt. days after our departure from the ||f ' a|#w wc neaved the township of laRilburl- where my friend Nestor Teun had pfuermiiicd to open the campaign, il l!enil,lcil by a long paragraph under the lilader in tll !ocal l»aPer> setting llLli the wonderful powers of Afiz Hassan, MajVVfeard of the Desert, our arrival set the dolc townsfolk on the qui vive as we drove the town in full costume. Four llililifh grey ponies were hired at a livery llilabic for the occasion. Our pair of assist- la ills blackened their faces, put on wigs, tur- |j ,ns and long flowing gowns, then issued liftitli and stood by the chariot and four until 11 lie Wizard appeared bedecked. For myself, II te bad stained my skin, and so disguised me Hiaoricntal trousers and robe that I had lost 8 ill recognition of myself. We mounted the IJulodiluviaii conveyance, and drove away Mfolo the main street. In the space of a few jaLjnutes we had a seething noisy crowd in jl pin-car, which gathered and swelled ns we tocccded, until reaching the top of Bord-: itrcet there was not room to wheel round 9 the tiimout. but the throng, good-huniored- 1 jfi made a lane down their ranks for us to jpss. The remarks made by the mob re letting our tout ensemble was anything but (liiplinientaiy, hut my companion drove itreuely on his way, bowing and smiling Sin die crowd, and occasionally kissing his bind to them. | I was glad when we once more regained Ilk slicker of the lent. Fortunately we had Biagaged a small patch of private ground, sur- | rounded by a high fence, which kept t'he Iturious rabble at bay; otherwise, I'm afraid lour privacy would not have remained un- Iflokeii. I During lite afternoon the Wizard remain- ltd in close confab with his two assistants for fully two hours. Then we had dinner, |in<l made preparations for business./ I Our iii'st visitor was a lady, who wns (driven to the tent in a closed trap. She Iws ushered in by the faithful Tusk, who kept the door. I was sitting, as prc-nr- liangcd, at the feet of my master, the yViz- rrd, and had therefore a good view of her. In face and person she was coarse and fut, uilli a hold' cast of countenance. "Madam, what oim I do- for you?", said. Ifiz Hassan, slowly, and with his gaze fixed won the crystal. The lady replied "that she had come do live her fortune told." ; "Good; stand within the circle,".-., cried He Wizard, taking up his wand. The lady walked boldly into the ring and Miif von ted the magician with a cynical look upon her face, which was quite refreshing to the eyes of your humble servant, the poor Nubian slave. "Now, madam," lie began, m that deep tcpulcliral tone which was part and: parcel er bis mimicry, "do you wish to lcaiti what limy lie in the future for you?" "No," she replied, somewhat scornfully, "I do not carc to test your powers so far. Any humbug can en My predict, what may happen in the ordinnry.course of things toil common mortal like myself,, although the prophet may know just no more, than a baby." -.! "Very true, madam," : responded the Wizard, quietly. . "The astrologer is but the mouthpiece and the. medium: through w Inch certain events are made . know n . to. the cteker after secrets .which are hidden.",; "Fiddlestick. I have' .110 faith - in .con jurers," she answered; -. v. "Indeed? Why came you here, then?!', "Because .1 am a woman, .I suppose, and, womanlike, I am curious , to witness, joui jugglery," she said, with jaunty insolence. "See here. This is a -bank .not lot it\c pounds. Answer me two questions, and the money is yours." . . "How if 1 refuse you, madam?" ... . Then, sir, I will publish you throughout this place as a swindler and a client," she responded, coolly. "Enough. Put hack your money. 1 w ill answer you up 1 Hud, hut do not Illume uic if the answers are riot to your liking.'' As he spoke lie drew the lamps nearei to lnui, and, placing the ery'stal between them, gazed steadily into the sliming globe for the space of two or three minutes. "J am ready, madam," he said at-lcnglh. "Who inn 1?" she asked. "You are the' third wde of one Riohnii, Tanner, a grocernnd town -councillor- of tin, place," answered Afiz Hassan, slowly bul promptly. 1 was in full view of her as my compnmoi altered the words, and T saw the. cj qs opei in amaze; though the smile still, tested. 01 her lips. "That was an excellent guess," she saul. "It is truth, madam," responded tin Wizard, with his gaze still 011 the globe. "Of course. My next question will , hi move difficult, sir. Can the stars tell yoi how ninny times 1 have been: married?'';.. "Yes. You have been married twice lliadnm," he replied ns before. This time the smile vanished from bei hue entirely, and there came into it a loo! of dreaded inquiry. "Twice you have been wedded," con tiliuod the deep voice of Hassan. "Once ii 'nether land beyond the ocean, once here & years ago." Well. There is very little wonder in a widow being married again," she replied. Yon are not a widow, madain." "Sir!" wpent you were not a widow when Richard Tanner led you to the altar six years ago in yonder church by the liver. This crystal shows 111c a lady tall and fair, whose girlhood is mated to a drunkard and a blackguard. Quarrels, mid even blows, are the order of the day in their married life. Then there is a separation. The woman emigrates. As a maiden she enters the service of the man whom now she calls her husband; but the other— the first—" "Stop; no more," she gasps, with falter ing voice, and clutching at the rail for sup port. I hounded To my feet and brought her a chair, into which she sank like one lifeless. In my concern I should certainly have Bpoiled the part I was acting, but a look from the journalist warned me to he silent.1 1 brought water and bathed the lady's temples, and used such restoratives at baud as soon brought her 'back to conscious ness. As for my companion, he never moved from his chair or opened his lips. When she had somewhat recovered she rose up, and taking out her purse emptied its contents oil the table. "There are 20 nounds, sir;" she said in- a -low tone. "I would have you keep -silent respecting 'my visit liore. If - this sum is not sufficient Bay £he word, and Twill forward a cheque for a like amount to- morrow morning." A "Madam, I may be a wizard, but 1 am not an hireling," said Hassan),' raising his eyes to the face of his visitor!. "If you think the test I have given you at all con vincing then I am satisfied. Afiz Hassan may perchance utter strange tilings lie; times, but his utterances ure only for the ears of those whom it may concern. Tiike the money or leave it as you please, madam; Hassan lias .spoken." .SJnf Lurried- to depart, hut paused on tire tm-StmM-Af tJfeTtept and came back. fJCm yourNniJsKl answer me another q4<j«I\oirt->slie hiriuifccd, nervously twitch ing atilho\c&'atly sCriMs of her bonnet. "Nd.\ TBiisionV tlast departed. It can not fyoybqalletkily \w\ "I VrilB/give y'ofi gpitf+a hundred pounds — for cried eagerly. "I have. SwkfcnVjijaua m ." "Very well. Accept my thanks. Your fume shall not lack u tongue to spread it abroad here ill Buthurst. Good night." In another moment the clear tones of her robust voice were, heard giving orders to the coachman to " drive home." ' v '- : ':: ... .Whatever amazement -may have sat upon me at the- audacity, and impudence of my master towards, his first client, one- thing appeared very, plain, viz., that the .woman evidently had a secret, and that Nestor > l'ciin made a lucky guess at it, or had been put 111 possession of it by his emissaries . Tusk and Jacl previously. If I had been inclined to question my. friend 011 the point our crush of. business after, the . departure of Alra. , Tanner . would have prevented me. For fully two. hours visitors, male ' urid female, eume and went jn 'rapid succession to and front tlie presence -'of" the' .'great wizard— some .laughing, others thoughtful, and all more or less mystified at the pro ceedings. Yet.'I noticed that, without ex ception, the whole of these people received nothing extraordinary in the way of infor mation : either of the past or -the future from the little fortune. teller. Indeed they, mild: their money for tlie old, old humbug, mid seemed satisfied with it. On - occasions when the wizard really did dive into the past --concerning his visitor, J a el or lusk invariably thrust into his : hand a written scrap" of -paper, before that visitor, was per-: milted 'to - enter. the presence of Afiz Hus- s 111 The evening wus growing apace,, when the faithful- doorkeeper cutered noiselessly, and -whispered to his-, master. The con- iuror smiled 'and nodded, his wizard head witli a moaning -look." The next moment , a tall, slender, well dressed youth, entered.1 , He was very handsome, and. carried .bun-, self like one, who knew he was good look ing "Will, vnu be seated ? ' inquired Hassan,1 . without lifting his gaze . from tlievoiume before.. linn.- ... -., r "Not I," responded ; the visitor, '111 a . rather soft and pleasing, tone ; ol : voice.' ; "1 am not a' tulip; l ean stand.- . Hold, up Your head; 1 want to have a good look ut \ou " , "All, good sir, I can 1 see you without: staring at you. like mi owl," replied Has san "I do not like lo be stared out of: countenance, by .my. clients." . . . . I "Can von tellme my fortune,, old -.grand-, . father of owls?!' , , ... ' "Certainly- 'You are. not what you seem, ' and yet vou seem just, what, you arc," re plied the nizuid, quietly "Good. That's a riddle." , . . "The truth wrapped up . 111. 11 riddle." :, "Riddles- are your. merchandise, sir owl. Tell mo .the color of Any moustaches." . . .. ; "With pleasure. 1 Hey are the color ,ol 5 the atmosphere." "Wrong; they are black. T appeal to \- vbur friend here if they arc not the color 1 of his skin- See!" And the visitor began to' caress a pair of strong .appendages at- ' tached to his upper hp. '"i'hey arc what .1 say they- are; nothing « el"NV h\ one cannot see tlie ttmosplicic'" "Neither could one see your moustaches without the aid of a microscopy i "Sir, you insult 'my manhood "Ave,- if vou were a man. . ' " "Am I not?" "No." "What am I then?" "A woman! — a bold, daring woman, who' would he a man if you could uusex your-' self." "Thank you. That's quite sufficient for llio present," she answered, somewhat abashed, and at thesnme lime .coolly, taking off her trim moustaches, which she laid on tlie table. "There's: the best part- of .my manhood. You should have this wig .also; but it is not mine to bestow. Now, oh great wizard of the desert, tell me something of the past." - = "With reference to yourself?'- , blip! > "Yes." '"aT ' j "Gold nmst pass between us, lady." - "Very well, I-Iow much?" she asked with adaugli, and drawing .-forth her purse., r ' "Hassan is not a huxter. l'lace. beside this. crystal whatsoever it pleases, you," lie said.-;--:'- ; ;. .; '. "There are two gold pieces fresh, from the mint," sheianswered. ; , 1 "Good. Now he silent for one moment," he cried, holding the shining globe from the glare of the lamp. A deep silence now for several minutes; Hassan deeply intent upon the sphere,1 without motion of head or body; the. girl standing looking 011 with eager face,.. 011 which rests an expression half defiant and perplexed, lier dark wig awry, and iliselosl ing a masB of shining hnir of the true Saxon breed beneath. A. 1 "I'm waiting patiently," she said aiioh' "What does that globe relate, of: liiy .past historx?" v : .. ."It. says yon pre a madcap," replied: ilie wizard, slowly, ..A A AA /i "Oh, dear; is. that all.?" , "No. . Much ,niore than that, if,,., you ,wish: to liear it.",' , , : ,- : A : .. "I do, .wish it.; That, is what I canie fori Only, before-, you begin, pray send this coF ored gentleman out , of .the place. . lie. seems ns if he were:going to cat me." . , : i a ; "The Nubian slave is a poor diimti slave,"- said the wizard. . A ' "Dumb? All, well lie has a fine eye. Bid him turn his looks in some otliev direc tion, if you please," she added. I t took all the strength of my muscles To! repress the hearty guffaw that rose up with in me as Hassan motioned me round to; the wall with his wand, I. would .have.: given nil the gold and notes upon the table tp.havc had five short minutes, by myself, so tliat.I might have -roared; my fill. . ,v, : "Young, lady, the science,, of - ;tlie ; stars! teaches me . that . you are the qnly.;diiugliter! of Hugli Bradley." - a "Wlio is.he?". , / . YAii.;ex-railwny?contraripr,!randthe most wealthy ;man:mt,tliis-!tpwn.'',, jAv:?; . "'Right. ; Go on.!'. ' .. . "That your' mother! died when you c .were' an, hi f ant ; that. .-your, father -.doted ,011 ;yo'u;- humored your- whims and capriecsito the letter; ' iniiipt, spoiled ;you altogether. i The self-willed, child , buds' iiiiul blossouis! . iiito the wayward girl — r" . : . . , , . .-.. v . "IVho marries her .father's., conehmaii?" slip adds, with p, low? laugh. . , ; ; :, ! ; "No, " there .is' .nouglit of marriage here," continued Hassan . smoothly. : . ; fj "The crystal; pictures .to me. a .ballroom,! where n young lady. Is horse wiiipping-.a gentleman heeause he was l-ude.to her.", ,! | "Hold,, sir, " she.crietl, with chaiigcd. as: pect, and in a scrious tone, ' ff l eume to scoff at yoiir art! it! was heenuso I believed you a;! juggler. ', But down the crystal. . I nckhowledge'.vouv .power." Slie.made . a hurried exit, and the next inp- mont we could hear a men v peal of laugh ter from the friends who had accompanied her 'as the parly wore being driven, away. CHAPTER V. , In that. one short . week we sojourned nt Bathurst, Afiz Hassan, gamed a reputation: which, lias not faded -even - to . this - day. amongst its uihnbitajits.. Hail lie -been u real, live son of the'desert he could scarcely, hare mnde a greater sensation. ; Finimciallv,. the business was n decided success.: After deducting the expenses 111- curred, the Wizard deposited A 100. 111, the Bank 'of New South Wales towards .that- charitable object .he laid set himself to . ac complish " j , .I became more and more attached. to. mv, little friend .ns the- du.vs went. oil. . Beneath his cynicism and that -...worldly -selfishness which the nations of our tla.v call philosophy, and with which the journalist .was;at!linies imbued, there" lay liroud sympathies for Ins kind , , a 1 j 1 1 <! One night ere we, left Bathurst we saun tered out for a stroll. -It wns lale„and,n very, few people, were abroad. At the junction of- the 'mailt ..thoroughfare a; ragged -little boy accosted us for alms, l'enu hastily 1 put- something. into tlie child s hamlcHwiihrust him rudely.nsule off-lhe koijl..Ib iOuymeiil the hov ran after us. "Sir,". lie cried,. "you luivcl made a lijis- take— vou have given me, lraU-n-tStuvn i'n\ stead of a penny.',' , . \ Tyx "Hunipli— did I? , 'J liere 'atiiiUierilijm. boy, to keep that one eompanyr/Now— pjit —vanish, 'vou infernal young vagrfWrnl," lie added, grOiily. "If .vou say but t'he. ghost, of a word; in -reply I'll call a policeman and have you Bentto.the lockup. Be off." Those were palmy days we spent amongst the green valleys and the wooded heights whidh intervene between Bathurst and Orange While our scouts journeyed onward to the lnttor township to glean information which should astonish the natives when ut tered hereafter by the Wizard, we lounged idly by stream and meadow land, moralising on the credulity of the race human. "Tell me, 0 noble conjurer, I cried, "didst the crystal really show thee the many things thou hast revealed to these people?" ". A "Not a bit of it," my dear fellow," he- re plied, lighting his short; cutty., pipe. "The crystaTshows. ine.no more of the, future of the pastUian may he depicted on 'theiiaces! of those who consult me." The niost .eniiii- cnt physieana will tell .vou that nature 'is the best assistant they have in coping with disease. So with iue,j where Juel, and Tusk fail me, then nature tides me over the diffi culty." i, , ,-..! "Do you tliink there, Is . any , truth In as trology?" ! , ... "The astrologer, says, it, -is a. sciehce and science is the cssenee df truth. From the first birth of man the planets have go verned worldly 'fates. Yellow rand','sintG.fui:!&tiir;'nj and rcd.Mars, armed for battle, Ehese paif bring lfttle luck to niari. But by their side; lol Vciihs hovers bright and joyful, and tlie herald Mercury, with his shining iviiigs. Deaf boy, it is a. terrible fall .to" lose faitli in such a miniile thing as a grain of mustard seed.". ' ' " '!'! "Truly spoken, mighty Hermes." 1 "Who can blame the fate that rests' with tlie stars and iirigels?" lie continued serious: ly. "That boyish legend we learned lit school, which says,- 'We live to: learn,' is not all fable. "Tis not the eye that "peojilcs space with: mystical. fife,! hut! the soaring niiiid. Ifiiis fair and great round -world, with Its' depthless oceans, itis measureless shore, is all - too. narrow- to bind! the mounting in: telligence- that ivotild ivitig its way to the Divinity;.-". . Astrology is but one unit in the many which link man to the starry world. If.in faitli, then it is the fable of belief that the; old ;poets taught— how spirit's and gods walked this- world with man, and when they iefl; him here, tlie wreath of love and hate was firat woven 'through the immeasurable , worlds; above, and whiclryet holds us in its affinity." " A;It was a bright moonlight niglit when we gave our first performance at Orange,, a township next in importance to Bathurst, and distant from tlie latter about, thirty-live miles. The- fame of the Wizard had, pre ceded- ns; we therefore, had plenty of , busi ness.: -There was; 110 need of parading . pur chariot, and. four,, grej-u,. we... had , visitors galore- heforee.we. i were , ready to receive tliem. ' From :lhe many -u'ho came and wciit on this: particular evening, . there: .was, one who Created no suiull fund- of amnsemeht to me, aiul for a: time. upset the.calculatioiis of Afiz Hassan himself.; .. : .. . ! ,.,lt was getting late, nntl we we're about to shut , up shop - for the iiighti: Svhcii;!a:;tiill, tlireadbafe: looking individual .pushed ' his waV into 'our!' '-presence. aiid demanded .-au dience. ' . 1 ; ,:I. could not help noticing ;lhe jolly expres sion stamped on iiis. features, together with a! knowing,- roguish ; twinkle in his eyes, as lie slood up before tlie table ahiliixed his giize i upon ' the - fortune teller. , ' ' : -! , "Wal, iiow, T reekon:.vou'i-c goiiig lo turn me ihsiderout?"- lie- said.- ''.rust nbout to put before me, by way of reminder, some of. iny darling sins, eh?!' - - - - . .'"What: is' it you'wish to kiiow?" rejoined Hassan, looking at his visitor with some attention.. A.As soon as the Wizard opened his .mouth I Pbserved the mail start : 111 surprise. "I believe it would, be easier for you to say where I wus horn, eh?".he died. , "Nothing-easier,'? replied my, comrade, in . his' lisuak qiiiet .tone, while at tlie same time he tool: up the!cryslal. : "Y'ou iirst saw the light of day In -Boston, America.. ; Five, days after bivtli you were discovered oil the steps of" the Foundlings Hospital in . that city." . -'"Tarnatioh'and; snakes!" he cried, his- face darkening with anger;-. liut the next moineiit: his -merry' laugh rang out, like a- peul.pt hells.- - "Mj friend, T giiess yPuIiaye the weather side of nie," quoth- he. ;!'Just.;let..Ilpatpn rip; if-you -please. ATliis is AuBtralia---a:frec country; , ;Diseourse on - . Australia,-: . boss.; That's the: ticket for ffoM'-Davis," I ; reckon:'! i "You It ive: been ,-in; Australia ; ah.o.ut. live veiii's, and you! have i seen At few; ups and downs.diningthiit;time.",i ; , Tailicularise,' boss— do?".. . "Bnclh , 1 theiiyliere. you are, ..driviiigya corporMioiuchr't'forriheiNIunicipaljG'ouneil 'of Oi».vil!w!jr««I-'A0.i,;.tfce! staff of - one .of' the pleading; journals: in this colony. I- .' ... ... ..... ... Good' vBlrize-away,"- he-cried, -merrily., : ' This 'crvstal;" veoiitinued , Hassan, ; "re veals a picture: which you limy, recognise. It'is a Blcalfc-'spotiinany hundred miles from Svdnev, where gold is supposed: to lie hid den' in the; rocks iiround. ;.;! 11 their feverish greed for-the precious met'ftl. iiien.work day and night," and Suffer thirst aud hungei', and sickness; aml-even death.. Within an old tent near this spot a. poor unfortunate gold seeker lies' ill and emaciated. He is a small, jmnv fellow at best, and totally unfitted for The rough life of a digger. By the miserable ' 'cykifli of the sick digger sits his mate. This A'fenpw is tall and strong, and his hands are 1 boiVv with toil, .vet his touch is as soft ami igeiAle as that of a woman. Both have been unfortunate. They have delved and toiled ; and sweated through heat and through cold 'without having obtained so much -ns a pennyweight of gold, and despair has seized the weaker mortal of the twuiu. Are you listening?" ' "With both cars, boss. _ ; "The sick man grows worse. It is 58 long miles to the nearest settlement, across the mountain and creek, and there is no con veyance, but the mate resolves to carry his ailing comrade on his hack over tiicse weary miles, and lie does it. Does it bravely, and with cheering wordB, which have the effect of infusing courage into the drooping frame of his companion, whose life is thereby pre served, for at tlie settlement he is eared for and nursed into henlth again. Now, Joshua Davis, of the Orange Coi-porntion, do you acknowledge this, as a correct jiicture?" "Wal, I cannot say. Buss the crystal. Seeing is believing," he responded. The wizard, to my surprise, handed, the globe, over to liim without a word. The man took it, and putting on a grave look said, "I cannot discern tlie picture you have described, but there is a scene lieie instead, which you, being a fortune teller, may understand." My c-omradirmsdded, and the visitor con tinued— ' - "Here are mirrored four miserable walls called a room, in a hack street in Sydney, There arc only three things in this miser able den, viz., an old table, and a chair with . !; a- man on it. The poor .unfortunate fellow - has hqd the devil's luck,, and his own, and " has gone as near starvation as man may, and yet live. He Tins -'travelled -round ami . round, and round ngniii, .until his clothes have become so dilapidated tiiui 110 one will give him employment!." '.'He would end liis life, but he has not the wherewithal to purchase the muterial for the unholy deed. . Then there falls upon him a deeper, darker despair. There is left to him the water. The harbor is deep, and— silent too. He goes forth into tlie darkened night, and hurries onward past lonesome dwellings and mansions blazing with light, and music and. merry laughter; past loathsome hovels where there arc no lamps, and down by the pier, where the silent sbip3 loom upward 111 iiis sight like huge, dark monsters tempting him to his doom. While the man is prowl ing round for; a place to; leap, lo! . there comes a saviour in'- the .person of. a little man!'' with a lighted lanteriu. in Iiis .hand, who instantly ; recognises the would-be sni- cide/. learns liis 'fd'rttine,' arid so rescues liim. Noiv, Aliz.lfasblin, Wizard of - the -Desert, wliat! do. you" say of '.that picture?." he cried, striding up to .the table; and' before the poor' -'journalist, iind jime to say jack Robin- soii the strange visitor had rent the gown from his hack rind the wig from his head. ,;"Nestor:Beiiii! by snakes-and thunder!" ...: "Joss Davis!". , . "Tlie . siiiriej at your service,- old hoyf" he; roared out in. his: hearty' fashion. "1 lOiily disc'bv.ered .you by a lluke. Tliis inorn- in'g ,X:sa w you in Qu'ccn-strcet, and rceog- .iiised;you in a moment. You tinned into the- 'Recorder' oflico; 'and when you- had departed,. 1 leiihicd that you were con- riected witli the great wizard; about whom the iwholc. toira was! talking. My dear Ne.vl ani so glad to rice you." l i 'H'ih - sure yoii are, Joss. I can return Ihatvcompliment with interest; Birrell, let "me introduce you to one of the most un- tanieable ' Bohemians at this end of the world," cried Bonn, turning to nie. "But for this gentleman's noble heroism and self- snerifiec your limnhle - servant would have never :played the wizard." ."'Thereby the committee.' of the Sydney Hospital Building - Fund would have lost live'- hundred' -pounds;" I rejoincd. "Nay, I will go furtlier, sir. I say that the colony at large would have lost one of its few able aiul energetic men," responded Davis. ""That , picture 1 drew front the crystal is.no romance. If I aided Bciin . to escape from the inferno at Wciitworth, I calculate : lie prevented , the sharks of Syd ney harbor' from dining off nie. -In that respect we are (jriits. ' But: for . the maiiy acts . of- - goodwill arid . friendship with whieli I am indebted to liim I never.can re- niiy. Arid now, gcntleinen, I will ask you both to dine witli me at tlie Red ln'oii Ho tel. In anticipation of-.the meeting, I or dered -'dinner' for' four; to be'reudy at i) o'clock, f sue it. is after' 10, but .that does not: matter.' We shall have all the more zest- for the. irieifl, T trust;'; Nay, I will lako no denial. . Come along-fivell make a night of.it." /...-'.V'.'-j.'..:.'.'. ;'! \- .(To he Continued.-) 