Our Tuesday's Tale. THE M YSTERY OF MILLI GENT MANOR. A millionaire with a young, pretty accomplished, marriageable daugh ter is perhaps one of the most at tractive magnets that the world boasts. Henry Husdon, the great dealer in West Australian mining shares, was such a man who had the nsual clique of sycophants in variably at his heels. He was a shrewd but kindly person, with one great lustrous guiding star in life. It was for Milly, his motherless daughter, that he had amassed his pile of wealth, for her that he had schemed and fought and risked immense sums in speculation. His whole life was . wrapped in his only child. He cared little for London save as-the mart wherein he had made his million, and where he daily repaired to add to it. So little; indeed, that he had not a house in ^ ilg -.town j - but" a "more palatial and ^^MnijogxreadcDee than Millicent ^ ' 'short■ Idistanee of Haslemere, there, was, not ; and Milly was mistress of this beautiful mansion. Like her father she preferred the quiet and seclu sion of a country life to the whirl and bustle and fashion and | wicked ness of the great city, although an occasional visit to it afforded plea sure to her. To 'Millicent Manor were invited Henry Hudson's intimate friends, j and there they were entertained in j a princely "fashion. | Milly had numerous admirers and would-be lovers, amongst whom were wealthy men, but she cared not for one of them, and her father was more than pleased at the fact. In trnth there was not a snitor as yet to his own particular liking, although he intended the girl to choose for herself, With bat the least advice (and that only if asked for) from himself. He did not desire to see her wed to a wealthy man unless ideal accomplishments and good cha racter were embodied therewith; be had rather a poor husband with sterling virtues and kindly lovable Qualities for Milly. He had recently taken a great liking to a yonng, rising barrister, who had eondncted a sensational law case for hiin, and who bad won it against seemingly long odds. ~ A technical action involving well nigh a quarter of a million of money had been brought against Hudson, and by the skill and forensic ability of Hammond Hail,one of the young est and most brilliant men at the Bar, a verdict had been returned for tbe defendant. The millionaire and the barrister had come considerably in contact daring the case, and tbe more the speculator saw of his counsel the more he liked him. Tali, handsome, and with features that looked quite clasic (Hammond Hall was a man whose face im proved wonderfully, from the fact of it being clean shaven), bright eyes and a truthful, searching expression, such was the man that Henry Husdon now thought so much of, and whom he had asked down to Millicent Manor for a few days. Hammond Hall sat in his cham bers in the Temple and read the millionaire's iuvitation two or three times. He could not decide whe ther to accept it or not. He hated to be thought a sycoph ant and, in truth, he had no par ticular liking for the self-made money man. Cultured, clever, well-read, artis tic himself, he had found modern millionaires wofnlly lacking in these •qualities; however, Hudson had struck him as being somewhat dif ferenfc from the ordinary run of city magnates, and so finally he decided to accept the invitation. Having finished his letter, he suddenly remembered an appoint ment, and before he had time to put the note in an envelope, he hastily left his room, telling his clerk in the outer apartment that he would return within half an hour. Twenty minutes had barely elapsed, however, when the invita tion was again read and the reply to it carefully scanned. Henry Hudson was delighted to receive the favorable answer, and he raised a glorious expectancy, a longing looking forward, a pleasing anticipation, on the part of Milly for whom he painted a glowing picture of the coming visitor. In fact, she heard so much about this young barrister that her curiosity was excited to a high tension. Her father wrote and asked Hammond if he could not possibly make it convenient to drive down from the city with him at an earlier hour on Friday, but, if not, a carriage would j he at the station at midnight to meet him. The reply was apologetic and explanatory. Lady Eldon had been a good friend to him by influencing many briefs on his behalf, so .that he must attend her reception. He would send his traps down early' in the day and come himself in the late evening. The millionaire decided not to invite anyone else during Ham mond's stay so that- Milly and he might enjoy his society all to them selves. On the Monday evening, the day Hammond had been originally asked to visit the Millicent Manor, a political meeting was to take" place in the neighbourhood, at which Hudson was announced to speak, and it had been his wish that the young barrister should be present to hear him. This man of vast wealth was not free from vanity (how very few much lesser lights are), and to have earned ecomiums from such an orator as Hammond would have breated the zenith of his delight; judge then of his agreeable surprise when, on this very night, just as he and Milly were sitting down to dinner a tele gram arrived worded as follows:— " Will arrive at 7.30. Trust con venient to you. Hammond Hail." Father and daughter were over joyed. A conveyance was soon waiting at the railway to meet the visitor, who duly arrrived, and was driven smartly to Millicent Manor by Its owner. Milly fell in love with the goest at first sight. She had never seen a man she liked better, and her true, honest, innocent heart went out to him secretly before he bad been many hoars in ber home. She was as pure and gentle and kind and lovable as Charles Dick ens' Esther. The political meeting was a great success and the millionaire was duly congratulated on what Hammond described as 'a well thought out, excellently delivered ■ and enthusiastically received speech.' He had been enabled to visit them so unexpectedly, he explained j by the fact of the person he had intended to go North to see having come to town, and furthermore, by Lady Eldon being obliged to aban don her reception owing to a death - in the family. The days that fol lowed were enjoyed immensely by the guest, bat not more so than by Milly and her father. Driving, boating, fishing, riding, golf, and a little shooting, to say nothing of the milder out-door amusements of tennis and cycling, were indulged in : and Milly ioined in them all; and in the evenings music, billiards, and the smoke room were the attractions, the latter being the only luxury de barred by the young lady, whose father was delighted to observe that which he had hoped for near ing a favorable climax, viz., an engagement between the barrister and his darling daughter. Each evening when he and Ham mond sought the smoke room for a quiet discussion of the weed and a chat, the conversation veered more and more into the channel he de sired, and he hoped and believed that before his guest returned to town he would have asked his daughter's hand, "and," said the millionaire, "should he do so. I shall immediately present him with this, the envy of the city," taking from his scarf a solitaire, in which was set a diamond of immense size, that flashed and sparkled bril liantly. On one occasion Hammond asked Milly if she woald drive to the station with him as he expected some luggage there, he having sent to town for a few things. She agreeably consented and, furthermore, drove a pair of high steeping bays herself with skill and grace. It was daring the return journey on an ideal August afternoon, when the charming Surrey surroundings were bathed in a glorious sunshine, when the soft balmy air was re dolent of sweetbriar and honey suckle, when the waving corn was studdied with popples, that Ham mond tenderly took the reins from Milly V pretty hand*, and bringing the horses to a standstill, invite,d her to the shade of a fine old oak, where he pleadingly and eloquently asked her to be bis wife. Her reply was a silent one. Her usually lustrous but now bediuotned eyes spoke it; and Hammond elapsed her to his breast and longingly kissed the nectar of her beautiful, charming lips. The happy news was received by her father with ecstasy, and that same evening an earlier adjourn ment than usual (after the newly betrothed pair had song sweet songs and played duets) was made to the smoke-room, with the object of a discussion on the future by the two gentlemen. Before Milly, radiant with smiles said good night, she witnessed the presentation to her lover of the diamond solitaire, which she knew had been valued at over £1000. The cosy little smoke-room ad joined the billiardroom, in a wing of the mansion that had only,.re- [ cently been added by Its present owner. A door in tbe latter apart- j ment opened into a conservatory, ! through which the grounds could j be reached. ■ The bedrooms were situated in a ^ different part of the establishment (save those above the biiiiard-room . which were only used on rare oc- J casions, and when all the others ; ere engaged); and as Milly'sfather , slept in a room very near hers, and j as the apartment allotted to their j present guest was also in the itnrae- I diate neighbourhood, she used to lie awake and listen for the foot steps of the two gentlemen as they walked quietly along the corridor. To night she sould not have j successfully courted sleep, however j much she might have endeavoured, j She was too excited, too happy. Herthoughts were sweetly wrapped I in the great event of the day and i in the ideal future that awaited 1 her; and so she lay and built! great castles, the King of which, ( the handsome, good, clever king ; was smoking the pipe of peace with her father downstairs. The hours seemed to slip away, and yet no sounds reached her of retiring feet. How late they were to-night; rather how early this morning,^as it must be nearly two o ciocK. ad, weu, cney naa mucn i to talk of; and was it not a special occasion ? . A / happy idea occurred to her. She would pop downstairs and give them surprise; she would play the ghost and test, their nerves. Dressing herself in white flimsy garments, she quietly stole out of her bedrooth, and from the corridor window looked out on the first faint streaks of' daylight in the heavens. She felt like fair Juliet and if only her Romeo had been beneath with outstretched arms the scene wouldhave been complete. Throwing open the window she allowed the soft freeze to fan her flushed cheeks and to gently wave her loDg auburn tresses. The morn ing was calm, still, and sad, the first signs of coming day; the slowly evolving horizon from darkness to streaky grey always creates an im pression of melancholy in the con templative, even in the newly-be trothed, midst their brimful happi ness. She heard the clock strike two, and then timidly, as quietude reigned so supremely in the great mansion, sought the smoke-room door. She almost wished she had not undertaken the experiment now, as somehow, she seemed frightened at her own shadow. She stood and listened, expecting to hear her beloved ones' voices. Not a sound! They must have both fallen asleep. She strained her ears again. The perfect still ness became painful. They had seen her coming and were having a joke with her. 'She smiled at the thought, quietly turned the handle of the door and slowly entered the room. The lamp over which hung crimson shade, burned brightly, but no father, no lover. An awful shriek broke from Milly as she saw her father lying in a corner of the room in a great pool of blood, his anguished features terrible to look upon, his shirt front the colour of the lamp shade. A piercing, pitiful, hopeless cry, echoed and re- echoed through the great mansion, rousing every inmate and causing the open ing of doors and the rushing of feet and the congregation of excited servants. They stood aghast, horror-stricken and terrified. The butler, more cou rageous than the rest, approached his master, raised his blood-be sprinkled head and pronounced him dead. 'Hun for Hall, quick?' cried Milly. They sought Hammond's bed room. He was not there. They searched the mansion and called his name at the top of their voices, but no answer. What could it all mean? Where was he? Where also was the foul murderer, whoever j he or she might be ? The door leading from the con servatory in the garden was open. The assassin must have left the house that way. The grouuds were searched, the police, were sent for, the neighbourhood was raised. The hue and cry was soon in fall swing. Milly, beside herself with bitter grief, cried hysterically for ' Ham mond, Hammond.' If only he were near her to sooth, and sympathise, and suggest; but her future hus band came not. A thorough search of the district was made by police, servants, and neighbours, who had formed ihem re'lves into little parties, each going in a different direction. Poor Milly,completely prostrated, had been carried to her room. For hours, until the morning sun was shining brilliantly on the excited explorers, until the sky was a perfect blue, until the surrounding landscape was a picture to look on, sought the groups of angry, sorrow ful people, without success. They were just about torceape their labours when, in a deep grass covered gutter at the side of the main road leading to the railway station a horrible discovery was made. There lay, amidst tangled herbage and trickling water, face upwards, the body of the young barrister, besmeared in blood, stabbed to the heart, and in his right hand holding tightly a stained stiletto. He wore a thin coat over his evening dress garments, and-sparkling brilliantly from his gore-spattered breast, veiling, as it were, with the sun's rays, "was that precious diamond solitaire. So shocked, so bewildered, so horror-stricken were the discoveries of this further tragedy that they could but stare vacantly at one an other while they wondered if the whole wretched work was not a nightmare. Conjectures were now rife, and, although they feared to express de finite opinions, the general belief of those standing by was that the dis tinguished guest at Millicent Manor was a muderer and suicide. After the police examination and report there was no. longer any doubt. The millionaire's safe containing a goodly sum of money, besides most of Miily's valuable jewels, and documents galore, had been robbed wholesale, and, in the pockets of Hawond Hall many of the papers were found, although cash nor pre cious ornaments were in. his pos session. The extraordinary affair was veiled in mystery, and the whole country became absorbed in the j great Surrey tragedy. Detectives | from Scotland Yard took the case j up but failed to throw any light on J it, although they were convinced j that the man who murdered Henry Hudson was his guest and prospec tive son-in-law. The same weapon had killed both, j and it was undoubtedly the stiletto found in the hand of Hall. J | The deeper one thought of the I affair, with its extraordinary ravel j lings; possibilities, lack of motive I (as"the barrister was found to have | plenty of money at his bankers, 1 and the brightest of prospects for | the future), the more enshrouded in impenetrable mystery it became ! until, like the greatest sensation : that ever was, time softened and partially obliterated the memory of the outside world toward it, and i the Millicent Manor murder became | numbered with the undiscovered crimes. Hut the most expert de tectives admitted that they had never heard of a more complex or more mysterious affair. The shock to poor Milly's system nearly killed her; in fact, for months she lay at death's door, and when, eventually, she recovered, she decided to go abroad for some years so. that she might be as far from the scene of the terrible tra gedy as possible. And so the mansion was sold and Milly left the shores of England for foreign climes. Some five years had elapsed, when one evening Milly, who had returned and' was on a brief visit to London, ttas standing in the vestibule of a West End theatre awaiting, amidst a great crush of fashionable people, her carriage after the performance. She was accompanied by a lady companion chaperon, and they were discussing the play they had just witnessed when their carriage was announced. As they stepped towards it Milly's opera cloak slipped from her shoulders on to the pannelled floor. A tall, dark, heavily-bearded gentle man who was standing by imme diately stooped and, picking it up, gracefully placed it on the girl's shoulders. Somehow his long beard became entangled in one of the fasteners of the cloak, and as Milly turned round rather rapidly with the intention of thanking him she was horrified to ohserve his false beard disappear. She had literally pulled it from his face. Instead of offering profuse apolo gies for having caused such an awkward contretemps she glanced quickly at the man, and, with a look of abject horror on her face, screamed as though she were mad. ' Look, look,' she cried, pointing to him. A general rush was made toward the scene. ' It's Hammond Hall come to life again,' she continued, gasping and pointing to the whitefaced tremb ling man. ' Take him away. Take him awajr.' A whisper passed through the crowd, who closed round the man and gazed at his clean-shaven face. ' I tell you it's Hammond Hall, the barrister,' shrieked Milly. He's come to life again. The man smiled and expressed the opinion that the girl must be mad, and he was just about to leave his unpleasant surroundings when a detective stepped up to bim and requested his presence at the nearest police station. A great crowd followed ; Milly swooned and had to be carried to her carriage, and the next morning the papers were full of the news of the arrest of Hammond Hail, the Millicent Manor murderer. The excitement that this extraor dinary and weird statement caused was terrific, and the perplexed world waited eagerly for the deve lopment and solution of the awful mystery. Upon the arrested man were found papers and other proofs con necting him with the crime at the Manor, and when he gave his name as Hall the supernatural seemed uppermost in the case. A photograph of the barrister was produced and the two faces were compared, with the result that they were declared to belong to one and the same person. The prisoner was Hammond Hall then, and the roan who murdered the millionaire and either com mitted suicide or was himself mur dered must have been somebody else. The mystery seemed as far from solution as ever; in fact, it was undoubtedly getting deeper and deeper, when an unexpected con fession from the prisoner startled the world. His name was Hall right enough, but Arthur Hall, and he was a twin brother of Hammond. He was the murderer of both Henry Hudson and his brother, the latter of whom had never been to Millicent Manor at all. It will be remembered that Hammond left his reply to the millionaire lying on the desk while he kept an appoint ment. His brother who had, un known to his friend, arrived from abroad, trading on the most extra ordinary likeness between them, and being on robbery bent, watched Hammond leave his chambers and! then entered himself, knowing the' clerk would not detect the dif ference. Seeing the written letter be read it, and immediately thought of forestalling Hammond and,*if possible, bringing off a coop at the millionaire's. Hence the wire' and the early arrival at the Manor. Knowing that Hammond intended sending his luggage^ early on the day he was to arrive himself, he drove to the station and pro cured it and proposed to Milly shortly afterwards. He timed the murder of Hudson so that he could meet his brother coming from the station shortly afterwards (feeling sure that Ham mond would walk on when he found no carriage waiting for him), and, having murdered him he fixed the diamond solitaire in bis shirt, put the papers in his pocket, and placed the stilleto, with which both murders were committed in the position it was found in order to place the guilt of his innocent brother. Arthur Hall faced the gallows in time ; but had it not been for the awkward accident to his long black beard the Millicent Manor mystery might never have been solved. Poor Milly wept very tenderly for the barrister she had never seen, but she will never marry, she de clares, because, after her one ex perience of being engaged, she could never trust another man. Time, however, may soften her views. • 