HIS STEWARDSHIP. A REALISTIC NOVEL. (Commenced in Tocsin of Jan. 12, 1899.) By Julian Sloane. (All Rights Reserved. ) ' If there is ever a time to be ambitious, it is not when ambition is easy, but when it is hard. Fight in darkness ; fight when you are down ; die hard, and you wont die at all.' Part II. (Continued from March 30). ' I only know that I have once met him, And that my soul would fly to him again : Who is he, I know not, nor in what sphere We first did kiss : I think it was not here But in some other world, some other life, Where all was love, sweet, strong, pure love. A dream! Ah p'raps it was, but such a dream As precedes the promised real event That it foreshadows. I shall go to him Or he will come to me, and bring that world With all its bliss. Chapter VII, (Continued). It was a soft sunshiny afternoon in Autumn, and the brother and sister were together in a room looking out upon a garden in which the golden tints of the leaves and the fulness of the flowers signalled the Summer's end and the fall of Winter's pall of bronze upon Nature asleep. The French windows were open, and in the sun rays flooding through one of them sat Graeme in a big chair, amidst the folds of a 'possum rug. He had been reading, but when Margot sat at the piano and played the Intermezzo from ' Cavalleria Rusticana,' the music, blending with the rustling of the leaves and the buzzing and hum- ming of an orchestra of insects, turned his thoughts away from his book, which lay in his lap, his long thin white fingers listlessly playing with its leaves. Then suddenly, in the softer cadences of the Intermezzo, he said, 'Margot, have you ever been in love ?' Margot stopped, her face pretty with blushes and a rippling laugh on her lips. 'Why Graeme !' she exclaimed, 'What a funny question !' Then she went over and knelt on a rug at his feet. 'Whatever is running through your head to make you ask me that ?' 'I don't know, dear,' said Graeme softly. ' Only I was reading, and the story somehow made me think that I had never been in love myself, and, I — I started to wonder if you had ever been.' Margot's eyes filled with tears as the pathos of her poor brother's words entered her soul. She took one of his hands and pressed it sympathetically in her own. Then she laughed again, and repeated to herself, ' Have I ever been in love ? Truly, dearest, I don't remember. Sometimes I think that I am always in love, but I don't know with whom. It must be with Nature, with all the tiny little things, the babies, chickies, puppies, kittens.' 'I don't think,' she went on reflec- tively, ' that I have ever loved big grown-up things as much— except you, dearest, of course,' she added hastily. Graeme smiled gently at his pretty sister, and said slowly, ' But don't you remember, before you were ill, long, long ago — years — ever having met some- body whom you loved more than mother and father, more than me ?' ' Everything seems so misty before I was ill. I remember a great deal, but then there seems a lot that I forget, and yet am always just going to remember when it altogether passes away like a dimly dreamt dream. Sometimes these vague ghosts of memories make me sad, and sometimes very, very unhappy, but then they always make me work, and I paint the pictures I love best and com- pose the songs that comfort me most under their influence. They make me feel as if I had once had a very precious possession that I had lost, but which some day would come back again to me and restore to me a world of happiness that is mine by some natural law.' These words fell upon Graeme's ears like an accusation. How genuine, how pure, had been his sister's love for Paul Cross ! Had they been right in keep- ing them both apart ? 'But Graeme,' said Margot with lively brightness, 'You know I want nobody, when I have you— and my work' ' Ah, dear, but you won't always— ' the sentence of death which he was about to pass upon himself was stopped by the pressure of a finger upon his lips. 'No, Graeme, not that ; let us have some more music,' she said lightly, and darting to the piano, she dived con amore into ' The Soldier's Chorus,' from 'Faust.' Chapter IX. ' My heart is full of longing As the memories come thronging Of the days we spent together, she and I — My pulse is throbbing, throbbing, My soul is sobbing, sobbing, And I'm troubled by the thoughts that will not die' * * * Although apart for more than six years, Margot and Paul were slowly and surely being drawn together again by the silent , operations of circumstances. Fate weaves the fantastic frabrics [sic] of human lives with fitful spasms of reckless indif- ference and unerring wisdom. Now her looms, chaotic with the clatter of shut- tles, run amok among the threads, fling out revolting patterns all awry and meaningless : but again, the shuttles pass in and out, now swiftly, now slowly, pausing awhile and varying in shape and size, weaving a pattern of infinite intricacy, yet of rare cohesion, mysteri- ous meaning, and beauty. It was such a masterpiece that Destiny seemed to have designed in the lives of these two young lovers. The delirium of youthful passion was so swiftly checked before it could run its course, and the blending looms seemed to have ceased their harmonious work so that each separate skein might be made fit tor a worthier reunion. Paul s unexpected entrance into the world of politics was to prove a forceful factor in bringing him nearer to Margot. After his Eight Hours Day speech, he was regularly asked to help at the Sun- day meetings of the enthusiastic, almost fanatic, agitators to whom 'the Rights of Man' was a Religion as sacredly and as strongly held as the most potent sys- tem of faith and worship ever founded upon superstitious fervour and ecstatic emotionialism. Paul had fullest sym- pathy with the objects of these unselfish spirits, but not with their methods, al- though he was able to understand that the methods were thoroughly consistent with the motives which they sought to enforce. It was not in him to elabor- ately and plausibly work out a complete condemnation of all existing things, and to convincingly demonstrate by skilful logic that an impossible ideal condition of affairs must inevitably take their place. Most of these men could do this, and did it Sunday after Sunday with considerable success. But to Paul the utterly unreasonable and mischiev- ously illogical pranks of the irresistible force called Human Nature put a check upon his fancy and a brake upon enthu- siasm. He had learnt to appreciate the limitations of mankind, and, within these limitations, could see reforms more than enough to provide a score of generations of reformers with profitable occupation, without projecting his vision into the fairylands of the Ideal. This reflective restraint distinguished him from the other speakers, and in the best sense made him an influential force. Not that he was conscious of it, for he was not. He would have felt uneasy had he been told that he was an influence at all. The responsibility of swayin men's minds was so great in his estima- tion that he shrank from exercising his fullest powers, and this very conscien- tiousness but added another quality to his utterances which, instead of lessening, heightened their effect. So all uncon- scionsly he was getting a reputation, and the crowd about him at the Yarra Bank on Sunday was always the biggest. But to him its size was only significant of the numbers that must flock to hear other more experienced and better - known speakers. He attracted many solely by his personality, who would never have appreciated his doctrines, and it hap- pened one May Day that Margot May came to be amongst his audience. (To be Continued Next Week.) ' Sympathy without relief Is like mustard without beef.' 