JOURNALISTIC REMINISCENCES. MEN WHO HAVE GONE AHEAD. Prior to Taylor's resumption of the editorship of Truth, referred to in our last issue, a paragraph appeared— extracted, by the way, from a Queens land paper—in which it was stated that the son-in-law of a well-to-do Brisbane citizen had after a brief experience of the joys of wedded life eloped with the jewellery and such personal effects of his new-made bride as he regarded as liquid assets, and .convertible into that currency of which at that time he had no plentiful a lack. Two or three other Sydney papers reproduced the came paragraph. Writs for libel, claiming substantial damages were issued in each instance. The other papers compromised and settled the matter out of Court. Truth, how ever, having little to lose and much to gain in tbe way of a big advertise ment, went to Court and pleaded cot guilty. The case was clearly prov d and the jury regarded the plaintiff as entitled to substantial damages. He was awarded £1,000. On the verdict being announced, Taylor, then in charge of the paper, locked the doors of the office and refused* admission to them when it was demanded by the Sheriff's officers. The Judge before whom the case was triei was next day appealed to and asked what could te done in the matter. His reply was brief and to the point. He said the - Court had made an award and the Court could do no more, it is for the plaintiff to obtain possession of the machinery and recover the amount of the verdict. This he endeavored to do, but Truth office, originally built for a warehouse, was strong enough to resist any except a forcible entry by a strong body of men. Iq the following issue of Truth Taylor announced his defiance of the Court, and his absolute refusal to permio the entry of any person not actually employed in 'the production of the paper. He further stated that he and his garrison were armed and provisioned to withstand a lengthy siege, and that he had issued a general order that any unauthorised person found on the premises was to be shot dead without benefit of clergy. This announcement was repeated in subsequent issues of the paper, and there was no doubt in the minds of those who knew him best that Taylor was in grim and deadly earnest. For weeks the door of the office was not opened, the compositors, whose pre sence was necessary were hauled up by b'ock and tackle to the third story window, and there given entry to the composing-room. Crowds attended in Truth lane morning and evening to witness the entry and exit of the employes, and not the least interested amongst the spectators for the first few days were the man who had got the verdict and the Sheriff's officers. The comps. never fared better, fellow craftsmen from other offices strolled along two or three times during the day carrying bottles of beer, flasks of spirits, and other liquid* refreshments. From the upstairs window a line was lowered, made fast to the neck of the bottle, which was then dispatched on its somewhat perilous journey of 60 feet to the window at which ' the boys' stood anxiously watching its progress. The man in charge of the line had a responsible office, and when, as sometimes happened, a breath of wind caused the weighted line to oscillate and its precious freight to be dashed against the wail and broken, the language of his colleagues which came spontaneously from their thirsty throats was on every occasion utterly 1 unfit for publication.' Counting upon his early receipt of the money the plaintiff entertained his friends at a champagne supper at a big hotel. This cost in the vicinity of £100, and the management of the hotel stood in as a sorb of partner in the collection of the verdict. The siege was, however, maintained for many months, and the successful litigant abandoning all hope of ever collecting the award of the Court, sold his verdict to a speculative lawyer for £140, and then filed his schedule in insolvency. The reason given by him for the sequestra tion of hi* estate was 4 having success fa ly proceeded against the newspaper Truth sn 1 receiving a verdict for £1,000.' Not one penny of the money was ever paid to any person. After Taylor seceded from the journal and the notorious John Norton re-assumed its control, that law-loving and fire eating newspaper man applied to the Court to set aside the judgment as against the paper, which he swore was his own property. This was done and the siege raised, and the doors of Truth thrown open for the transac tion of business. Daring the con tinuance of the lockout Taylor held a levee on each Sunday. At midnight on Saturday the office was opened, and from then until midnight on Sunday all who pleased might enter, bringing such good things as were calculated to comfort the souls of the besieged, and no one was denied. On this day even the bailiffs were per mitted access to the premises, but prior to the closing for another week of the establishment the place was searched from garret to pavement to see that no officer of the Court had secreted himself with a view to further proceedings. This was Taylor's last journalistic ' scoop.' He subsequently became with a well-known pony owner (Archie Thompson) nominally the pro prietor of Truth* and in this direction developed a strange ambition. The brightest star in the political firma ment, the crispest, the most vigorous and versatile writer on the Aus tralian press, desired to become a big bookmaker. With this in view he became a pony owner, a part pro prietor of a ' tote,' and laid the odds and took them with equal freedom. He backed his own ponies without consulting the jockey, and laid against them without first informing himself as to ft hat the stable intended to do about that particular race. This sort of bookmaking could only end one way. Taylor was always broke, and for the matter of that the mepnbers of the literary and mechanical staffs of the paper were invariably in the same impecunious condition. Saturday was pay-day; Saturday also was race day. In the morning ' Dolph9 would walk smilingly through the crowd of expectant employes in the lane remarking, * Well, boys, I've got a good thing on to-day. If it comes off you'll all be paid in full to-night. If I go down I'll try and turn you a bit all round on Monday morning.' While Taylor was racing cranky the ghost limped very irregularly around Truth Office. Racing in his case as in that) of many another man spelt ruin. He never returned to his normal mental condition, and permitted him self to drift downward until he became incompetent to conduct the paper of which he was nominally owner. He shortly afterwards left Sydney andi went to Parramatta, where he frittered away the few remaining months of his intelligent life scribbling paragraphs In. the intervals between playing dominoes and drinking long beers for one of the papers in the ancient village. The fast life of his younger days and the high mental pressure under which he had lived for many years asserted themselves in this lassitude. The brilliant intellect was dethroned, the man who had successfully defied the Legislature, the laws, and the Courts of the colony became a sap-headed soaker, and eventually was re moved to Callan Park Asylum for treatment, and so passed out of the ranks of journalism and out of a pro minent place in public life one of the brightest and brainiest men who ever adorned any situation. —Rover. (To be continued.) 