DIOCESE OF BALLARAT. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The retreat of the senior priests of the diocese at the Redemptorist Monastery, conducted by the Rev. Fr. Cieary, C.SS.R., concluded on Fnday, 1/th inst. On Friday morning Mass of the Holy Ghost was celebrated in the Cathedral, the Very Rev. Fr. Marshall (Maryborough) being the celebrant, and ±iis Lordship the Bisuop occupying the throne. Alter Mass a conference of priests was held, Uis Lordship the Bisuop presiding. The members of the League of the Cross, which met at the library hall on Wednesday, the 15th inst., were treated to a first-class programme of songs, recitations, etc., arranged by Messrs. Jas. Sandford and Bert- Gleeson, assisted by Messrs. Meagher, Denton, Jenkins and others. The Rev. Fr. Walsh presided, and there was a good attendance. At the conclusion of the programme the Rev. Fr. Walsh (spiritual director) said he wished to congratulate the performers on the success which attended their efforts that evening, and complimented them for the untiring energy they had ever shown since he became their director, to do their utmost in furtherance of the interests and wellbeing of the society. The same members were ever to the fore, he remarked, to lend their aid and musical talent for the benefit and amusement ef the members, and he could assure them their sterling worth and good work were thoroughly appreciated by all. He only hoped that the society would continue to do good work, and spread itself more and more, until it became, like the mustard seed, a mighty tree, and in that way impart to others the innumerable blessings that follow in the train of temperance. An important meeting of the Confraternity of the Holy Family (Men's branch) took place in the Cathedral on last Monday evening. As it was known that me consecration of new members would take place that evening, there was a large attendance. His Lordship the Bishop was present, and during the devotions occupied the throne. After the Rosary had been recited by the Rev. Fr. Ryan (the Spiritual Director), the members that were to be consecrated marched in a body up the aisle of the church into the sanctuary. Here they repeated, after the Bishop, the Act of Consecration, after which His Lordship, assisted by Fr. Ryan, pronounced the formula whereby they were admitted members of the Confraternity of the Holy Family, and to the participation of all the favours and indulgences granted by the Holy See to this Confraternity. His Lordship then blessed the medals, which the members hold in their hands, after which they put them round their necks. The medals were attached to a piece of green ribbon. "The Magnificat" was then sung by the members of the choir section, several of u.e uody of the Confraternity joining in. About 160 new members were consecrated. The Bishop afterwards addressed the members who had made their consecration. It gavo hiin great pleasure, he said, to see the large number of new members of the no v Family to be consecrated that evening. They had had many missions in Ballarat, and large numbers attended kuem, showing the spirit of Catholicity whioh existed amongst them, but they had given a further proof of that spirit by the large number of new members which were to be consecrated. He congratulated them on having so zealous and energetic a Spiritual Director as Fr. Ryan, who toon a great interest in their Confraternity, ana worked hard to promote its welfare. He also congratulated the membert; themselves, who were a fine body of men, numbering OuU. He took a deep interest in the Confraternity, and hence he had apointed a different preacher for every Monday evening. Ili6 Lordship, in the course of his address, referred to the pernicious effects arising from reading infidel books and periodicals, some of which were to be found in their own city, and he contrasted this state of things with the advantages they would gain by being members of the Holy family, where they would have the opportunity of hearing a good and instructive lecture every Monday evening. He hoped that those who had been consecrated would persevere to the end, and that they would go every month, when their section was called, to Confession and receive the Bread of Life. The choir section rendered the "v'oni Creator" and "The Hyum of the Holy Family." Benediction of the Blessed Surlament was afterwards given by Fr. Ryan, the music being nicely rendered by the choir section. At the examination (practical and theoretical) held in Ballarat last month in connection with the Royal College of Music, London, the following pupils of the Sisters of Mercy, Ballarat East, were successful .-—Junior division: Nellie O'Keefe, Miss Florrie Phillips, Kathleen Meagan. Senior division: Nellie Smythe. The examiner was Professor Graham Moore. j.ao results of the practical and theoretical examination of the Musical Society of Victoria on the 4th inst. are as follows:—Junior division: A. Kerin, N. Treacy, N. Rice, E. South, E. .Neville, B. O'Kane, C. Baker, B. Phillips, K. Ryan. Intermediate: D. Smith, N. O'Keefe, F. Phillips, H. Sielms, T. Hogan, N. Brossman, O. Smythe. Eileen Meagan, who has not yet completed her thirteenth year, received a First Class Diploma—the only Victorian candidate who this year secured the distinction, D.M.S.V. List of prices obtained at Ballarat A. and P. fcihow: Cameo—1st, Belle Mockett: 2nd, L. Neville. Guipure— 1st, L. Fenley. Ribbon Work— 1st, A. Kerin; 2nd, F. Phillips. Hanover Work—2nd, M. Holland. Valentine Work—1st, F. Healy; 2nd, L. Mockett. Jura Work—1st, M. Holland. .Dead Work—1st, M. Hanlon; 2nd, T. Hogan. Tapestry Work—M. Holland. Hand-knitted Woollen Socks—1st, L. Temby. Hand-knitted Woollen Socks (by girls under 16)—1st. E. Meagan; 2nd, M. Ratcliffe. Baby's Suit-lst, F. Phillips; 2nd, N. Brossman; 3rd, L. Temby. Collection of Crochet Work— 3rd, M. Britt. Collection of Hand-sewing—1st, N. Brossman; 2nd, L. ivlackett. Best Dressed Doll—1st, Bessie Phillips. Dress and Pinafore—1st, M. Pickering; 2nd, J. Brossman. Crewel Work—1st, Belle Mockett. Crazy Work—1st, Elsie Coyle. Drawn-thread Work—2nd, S. Selkirk. Drawing-room Painted Ornaments—2nd, M. Hanlon. Collection ot Drawings—1st, Belle Robinson; 2nd, K. Ryan. Collection of Modellings—1st, E. Neville. Cath Intelligence LADIES who use QUIBELL'S DISiM' n.Cl'ANT say it is superior to Permanganate of Potash. Try it. Safe, Invigorating and Healthy. 6d. and Is. per bottle. Sold everywhere. Depot, •rlt Collins-street, Melbourne. 