THE SUPERNATURAL TELEGRAM. My friend John — was born in a small town in the north of England, where his father held the sole medical practice. On reaching an age 'when he must face the battle of life alone, he intimated his intention of following out the profession of engineering, although his father had hoped he would follow in his foot- steps and ultimately succeed to the practice, which was one of some importance. The slight coolness following the decision might have been removed by a mother's gentle hand, had she not at this time been claimed by death The result was that complete confidence between father and son was never again restored. Eight years after John informed his father of his love for a certain girl acquaintance, and his intention of shortly marrying her. Now, his father had— unknown to him— for thirty years cherished a grudge against this girl's father for having wooed and won the woman on whom he had originally set his heart, . He, therefore, forbade the marriage, threatening his son with disinheritance if he disobeyed ; in which case his fortune— of considerable proportions— would be left to his nephew. The threat, however, was entirely disregarded. John marred his sweetheart and removed to .London, and for a period of five years no mes- sage passed between his father and him. Then the old man fell sick, and on his death bed in- structed his nephew to telegraph for his son to come home and be forgiven. This the nephew pretended to do but never did ; for he knew that if John returned all hope of being heir himself was gone. Notwithstanding, the fol- lowing telegram was sent; "Come home at once ; your father is dying; all will be for- given.' By the first train John was speeding north- ward to his fathers bedside, arriving in time to receive his father's blessing and to see a new will signed in his favour. Now comes the mystery ; for in an unguarded moment the nephew expressed his surprise at John's presence, thus exposing his own perfidy. The question now arose : Who had sent the opportune telegram ? ' and as nobody could be found who had, resource was had to the Post Office. Here an official was found who remembered receiving it. He was perfectly certain on this point, as it was a lady who had handed it in. and he had remarked the ghastly pallor of her face, and the fact that her dress was most ex- tremely old-fashioned. He described the lady so minutely that John and his friends instantly recognised it as the description of his mother, who had died thirteen years before. That no doubt should be left, her portrait (painted shortly before her death) was shown to him, and he immediately identified it as the lady who had sent the telegram. No doubt now remained that the spirit of the deceased lady had returned to protect the interests of her son. Not only have I heard the story , told, but have also seen the telegram more than once ; an indescribable feeling of awe passing over me as I handled this veritable message from the dead. 