! Personal. THUS the "Gulgong Advertiser". T$e pro priqtots of the .« Wide World Magazine" (toe famjous publication which unearthed de Rouge most), will shortly publish a lengthy illustrated sketch of Gulgong in the Roaring Days. There willj, however, be none of the de Rougemont fairy tales about it. The article in question is now in preparation by that hardy old miner and gold fields historian, Mr G. C. Johnson, better known as Paul Twyford." Mr Johnson is a one-time Windsor journalist, and is still a frequent con tributor to the GAZETTE. O'n Monday last week, Miss May Maud Logan* daughter of Mrs. T. H. Wilkinson. (Mudgee)« was, married to Mr Fred Rand, son of Mr William Rand, of Bogandillon Station, and nephew of the late, well-known Riverina squatter, Robert Rand. The ceremony, which was a quiet one, took place at tjhe residence of the bride's mother, the Rev Monsignor O'Donovan officiating. Miss Logan is j a grand daughter of Mr M Raper, of Windsor. The church at Enfield (near Sydney) was thronged on Sunday last week in respectful and loving memory for the late Rev James Somerville, who died the previous week, full of years and honor (and who will be remembered as having for many years been associated with the Hawkes- bury District). The service was conducted by the Rev C. J. Prescott. M.A. who preached a touching sermon from Ephesians iv. 1.3. At the conclusion of his sermon Mr Prescott read a memorial sketch from which we extract the follow- ing - James Somerville was born in County Cavan, Ireland, in the year 1815 His parents were God-fearing people, who brought up their children in the peace of the Lord. At an early age he was the subject of deep religious impressions, and when his father died bis earnest entreaties that James should give himself to God led him to re- solve that he would seek the Lord with his whole heart. Shortly after his conversion he was ap- pointed a class leader. Soon he began to exhort and preach to the people. Then it became a question to him whether he was not called to the ministry, but in his humility he thought this was presumption. However, when he was leaving his native land for this colony he had a conviction that God, nevertheless, would so call him and he gave himself afresh to God, fully persuaded that if God did need him He would open the way. On reaching this country he entered into business in West Maitland, and dis- played such aptitude that it was remarked, when he abandoned it for the ministry, that he was a good business man spoiled. In 1848 be commenced his ministerial labours, supplying in Sydney for most of that year. From his sermon book, which he kept scrupulously until December of last year, I find that he preached from time to time at Surry Hill, Princes- street, Chippendale, and Hay-street. He was then sent to Goulburn, thence to Windsor, and then to Goulburn again. The Goulburn Circuit then comprised, roughly speaking, what is Goulburn district now, so Mr Somerville travelled far and wide. In 1853 a letter was sent to the Rev W B Boyce by some of the inhabitants along the Moruya River, asking for the appointment of a Minister amongst them, and adding Mr Somer- ville's name as that of one minister they definitely wished. On his leaving Goulburn be went to Moruya, and spent the next thirteen years at various places on the South Coast. Here he did the work of an itinerant minister with fidelity and con- scientiousness. He accomplished long and arduous journeys, and encountered all sorts of dangers from floods and swollen rivers, riding his horse across perilous places and running grave risks from his inability to swim. He was a true pastor of the flock. He went constantly among his people. The sick claimed his special attention, and he used many an opportunity of pointing souls sick in body and mind to the Lamb of God. He visited mining fields, and invited the diggers to attend the preaching of the Word, and he preached to congregations here, there, and everywhere; but be preached out of a loving heart and from deep conviction. His name was known then as it is remembered now, far and wide in the south coast region. " He was a good man, full of the Holy Ghost, and much people was added to the Lord. He became a supernumerary in 1872, and went to the Hawkesbury shortly after to rest. But his rest meant that he was the virtual superintendent of a circuit which, accord- ing to to the 1875 plan, embraced fourteen places, and where he usually preached three times each Sunday. Many of the churches used in that circuit were built in his time and left without debt. He settled in Burwood fourteen years ago -in 1885. Till his voice failed, he preached from time to time in Burwood, bis last sermon there being preached in 1894. So he lived and died, and we have one more illustration of the power of the Gospel to adorn life and conquer death. " Now the labourer's task is o'er ; Now battle day is past ; Now upon the farther shore Lands the voyager at last. Father, In Thy gracious keeping, Leave we now Thy servant sleeping." An exchange says that Mr Stewart, who has recently been engaged by the N S W. Govern ment to make demonstrations of innoculation with tuberculosis and tick fever virus on the North ern rivers is one of those rara aves in the Govern ment service-a man who thoroughly understands Iiis work and how to impart his knowledge to oth ers. He is possessed of sound common sense and excellent tact, and -withal an enthusiast and an inveterate worker. He has won golden opin ions from all tbose with whom he has come in contact and it is universally acknowledged that the Government could not possibly have selected a better man for the work. Mr. Stewart (who is an ex-Hawkesburyite) is a skilled veterinary sur geon holding a number of very high English and Australian diplomas. . Mr Chas Baldwin, the squire of Durham Court, (and falber of Mr C Baldwin, tbe well-known Richmond sport) will celebrate bis golden jubilee as a resident of Manilla district in a few weeks' time. He settled there in 1849 The Manilla people contemplate doing honor to him on the occasion, and a special complimentary race meeting will probably be tendered bim on his own course at Durham Court, which is the de ciding ground for all equine battles at Manilla. They have had no less'than three days' racing at Manilla within the past seven weeks, but consid ering the auspicious occasion, it is anticipated that the project will prove an extremely popular one. As everybody knows, Mr Baldwin is an ardent admirer of the thoroughbred, and his breeding establishment at Durham Court is QM of the most extensive in N.S. W. He bas import ed to Australia some of the most aristocratically bred 6ires procurable in the Old Country, and .has in no small measure assisted to elevate the Quality of colonial racing stock. Horses raised at his stud are BOW to be found carrying silk in the five colonies of Our island continent, in New Zealand, and in India, and scarcely a week passes that a victory is not recorded by some of them. Alderman W. W. Clarke (for many y^rs located at Windsor,-and tjrother-in-law of >Mr^W. H. Dean; of ^ Trevallyn"), bas been elected Mayor of Marrickville. In congratulating Aid Clarke cz. his accession to the honorable position of Mayor, the Marrickville paper says : We feel sure we but endorse the opinion of the alder men and ratepayers generally when we say the position has been honestly earned and will be worthily tilled. Although only a young man, Mayor Clarke has a record in the Council of whioh any alderman might be proud. On completion of the first term of three years for whioh ¡ he was elected, he was re-elected without opposition-a i plain indication that he enjoyed the confidence of ull the ratepayers of the ward be represented. With this flat tering endorsement from the public, he was further honoured by being: chosen by his brother aldermen as chairman of the Finance-committee-practically the first lieutenant of the Mayor. In this connection Aid Clarke has done good service for the Borough, and has repeat edly received the publicly-expressed approval of the Mayor. After serving a successful apprenticeship, and proving himself such an apt and willing pupil, it is safe to predict that Mayor Clarke, who has obtained sucoes*, will do more, and deserve it. Personally Aid. Clarke is very popular with all classes in the Borough, while Mrs. Clarke, the Mayoress-elect, enjoys the reputation of being found amongst those to whom her presence ie most necessary. We welcome the new Mayor and Mayoress, and hail them both as worthy successors to their worthy predecessors. 