THE ELECTION OF MAYOR.' SSOULD IT BR BY THE PEOPLE'? The' Friendly Societies' Debate Tournament was continued last Tues day evening, when Messrs C. Smith and A. Hare, representing the Foots cray Lodge, M.U.I.O.O.F., 'journeyed to the Yatraville Hall lodge-room to take part in a contest with Messrs A. Le Blanc and C. H. Everest, the re presentatives of the Ivy Leaf Lodge, U.A.O.D., the subjeict for debate be ing, " Should the Mayor be directly elected by the ratepayers ?" Mr J. Greenwood, president of the Association, occupied the chair, and Mr W. B. Wilkes officiated as judge. Mr C. Smith opened and said that the question had often been asked whether the Mayor should be elected by the council or by the people, that was directly or indirectly. Direct re presentation as they all knew' was the direct vote or voice of the people, and one of the greatest political economists had told them that the- best kind of Government was that where the people governed themselves. Indirect repre sentation was simply a second hand vote, and was not alwaiys according to the will of the people. They had to depen'd ipon an interpreter practically, to voice their commands, and if that interpreter wished to work for ulterior motives he could, ,overthrow those commands at any. timte. Both systems of election wer,.in vogue ih different parts of the world, and it, was hardly necessary to say that the electioii by the people was workitg' most satisfac torily. Nb oe6 but the most unreason. able man icould possibly, object to direct representation, whilst- the. man who did object or-did not wish to come before the people was generally ihe one who desired to do some hole aiid cor ier business.' - He claimed that electors had.the right to use the; franchise oni every question which affected the' country,Jthe:State;:or the municipality; His opponents might say that-the con cillors.were elected by the people, and should have the right to' choose; their: I own chairman, but he denied thi'at:, the councillors were elected by the 'people: They were in mbst cases elected oh the ward?.ystem,; arid tihouigh' they were elected by the :rat~ipy'eis of one: par ticular locality, the same :iiien would not have a ghost: of a'. chance if they had to.come before the whole of the electors of the municipalit. Then again a man m ght.be quite fit to oc cupy a position as a councillor, and still not :be fit .for :the position of Mayor and chief magistrate of the city.. His opponents might wilh as much reason ask that the.council - should be allowed. to appoinit' the' parliamentary representative of the district,: but he rather faricied'thit if such a:suggestion' was brought forward the people, would rise en masse and object. -And quite right -too, 'because it would be an attempt to take power out of their hands as was the case in regard'io the election, oft. Mayor. They had had some splendid illustrations of Mayors elected by the councillors in their own 1 district. Their last, well he would not say aniything about him, ,hut they: all f knew that the city was without a Mayor 1 for a great part of the year, whilst at the recenit election of Mayor there had been iinpleasantness over the matter. They.:knew that in -all councils 'there Ws aw a,;greaet:?ddiof 'hot' aiid1 oCln?e? the most banqudets aind :garden parties had the .best 'chance of:securing. the position of Mayor. But the man who was a. pure democrat had no chance whatever, because he was' not able ori prepared to entertain anyone'who came along. With an election by the people this would not be the case, for the man most fitted for the chair 'would' be put there- no" matter whether his wordly position debarred him from treating all and.sundry: - In his opinion the time was fast coming when direct represen trition would have to be recognised in .the election of men, to all responsible pbsitions, thie majority would have to rule,. and "when that time did- come they would have genuine progress, and would establish a country ,with a pros-' perous and enlightened people. (Ap-. plause.) Mr Le.Blanc, negative, said that he had'to'agreei'rith" the' last speaker:' in many respects, .'inasmuch as people should have.direct .representation, but the Mayor.was not a representative; he* was simply. chairman of the council. It had been proven time' after time ihat it was not pra.ticable to elect the headof anya concern by a popular vote. It was not difficult to?see the reason. It was necessairy that men should have the higlhest qualifications before occupy ing t'ihe position of-Mayor and chief magistrate :-and. ?e contended that the. mass of the people did not know a man's qualifications. Only those 'who worked with a man 'knew whether he possessed the necessary ability. The most advanced 'form of Goverment was the Republican Government, yet, strange to say only five of those Go vernments had: adopted the direct form of representation. The best known of these five was the Transvaal, and the result of the system was Oom Paul. If the election of"a president had rest ed inr, the hands of the Government such a nian would never have got the pqsition. InnSt: D,,mingo the-people, elected their pre-ident, and out of 3o elected, 'only three had ever gone through the term of office. The others developed into such autocrats they had to be Iilled by those who had psitthem into power. In the United States the House of Representatives arid the Senateelected their president, and the choice had always fallen upon good men, whilst in France, where they had the worst class of politicians, they elected men that no one could point the fingerof scorn at. As a matter of fact the people could not judge as to Sthe fitness of a man for the position as well as those intimately acquainted with him. The masses were more likely to be carried away by a man's popularity than the councillors. There was not two men in the room who knew the qualifications of the council lors that sat in the Footscray council. It the Mayor was elected by the people the man who ws elected by the coun. cillors would not have gained the posi tion. Yet when they came to consider and investigatethe matter they found that the right man was in the right place. Again, if a Mayor was elected direct by the p'.ople he might not have the confidence of the councillors, and there'f6re fail t. work in harmony with them. He might think himself above the others, being a direct representa tire of the wlhrle of the district, and therefore develop autocratic teadencicaL. which would land the council and the district in muddle -and confusion. (Applause.) Mr Hare, affrmative, remarked that the question was one that should have been settled long ago, and if a vote was taken on the question he felt sure that the majority would greatly favor direct representation. This speaker went on to give examples of elections by which the majority of councillors might not represent the majority of the people. Under the present system the ward that the Mayor represented had an ex tra vote, whereas if the Mayor was elected by the popular vote he would not represent one ward but the whole district, and it would be necessary for him to be impartial, otherwise - he' would lose his seat when next he came before the electors. Mr Everest contended that if they could trust the councillors to control their finances they should able.to- trust them to elect their own chairman,' and endeavored to show that in every way was the best. The result was a win for the Druids byi4z votes to' 4o, the points scored being for'the wlnners :-Mr Le; Blanc 75 k Mr' Ev`erest 67.: For-losers?-Mr Smitl'5.; Mr Hare 65. Votes of? thanks. to the judge and chairman concluded-the proceedings. 