The Ghost in Brocade. (BY FERGUS HUME.) , ,lm, Author of "The Mystery of a Hansom Cab,* JThe Third Volume," "The Lone Inn," "For the Defence," etc., etc. (COPYRIGHT.) On hoardings, in fields, on tho covers ol maga- zines, on the back sheets of newspapers, an adver- tisement headed "S.S.S." appears with the regu- larity of the sun. Additional information is ac- corded to the curious by the expansion of these mystic signs into tho words, "Sarah's Salutary Sauce"-a condiment invented by Sarah Brag to tickle the palates of the epicures. Her husband, a compositor in the office of a provincial journal, made a fortune out of it for both of them. He commenced quite in a small way by advertising it in tne columns ho set up, while Sarah, renting suitable premises in the town, personally, manufactured her invention. The ad- vertisements were read, the sauce was approved of, and 'a"S"*cTrcle3 on the water its fame widened round the world. . .In twenty years, Mr. and Mrs., Brag were almost millionaires, and having turned . their concern into a limited liability company, re- tired to enjoy an old age bf well-earned ease and . ' comfort at Alliston. Hall. . "S.S.S." did. its work well, and for once Fortune bestowed her favors v. on tho deserving; . . ,. -. . They were wholly unlike the millionaires of commerce or of fiction; these two. For they were neither anxious to get into society nor, desirous of displaying their wealth .with.- ostentation. Mr. Brag, indeed, had rubbed off some of his natural roughness whilst shouldering his way. through the world; but Sarah, his wife, was as much a cook as she had been,when she presided over the kit- chen of Alliston Hall. Now sho sat in the drawing room, and could without doubt have set up as a fine lady had she sb desired. But her heart .was ever in the back premises, and her visits there were by no means infrequent. She remained always the uneducated, rough, warm-hearted wo- man, devoted to her home and her husband. I knew her value better than anyone, save perhaps Helen; and both bf us were extremely fond of her, and indeed bf Mr. Brag also. They were a typical Mr. and Mrs.J Boffin. But who am I, you will ask-and who is Helen, too? Well, I who tell this story am Geoffrey Beauchamp, an Idle Oxonian and pi'ivate secretary to Mr. Brag. When I left Balliol, my father, failing in busi- ness, took , his loss of money and reputation so seriously that he died, of a broken heart, and join- ed my mother in the next world, whither she had long preceded him. Finding myself an or- phan, penniless, and without a profession, I cast about for employemnt. I answered an ad- vertisement for. a secretary. In this way it was that I became acquainted with;.Mr. Brag. For threo .years past I have looked after his affairs that is to say, I have written his ' letters, advised him as best I could, ? and haye stood between his ^too kindly soul and the hungry hordo of money- hunters. And he / . onshis-part has'treated me moro.like à son than . a paid servant, which- I have not failed to api preciate. Sp comfortable.a. position and so kind "TV^t-frifend' come'not .to. every, man. Then there is Helen.' ' She is looked upon as the daughter bf, the house, as indeed she is, seeing ? that she was .born-at-Jthe Halixy^'. I V; When Sir. ftaiph'rAliiston' died^:after, 'a-spend-.. thriEt career,'.-hé;.i'éf t'r his only ; child without a penny. Tho Hall was. sold, and the proceeds went to pay off'the mortgages a¿d.,the>rest of the debts.; So Helen, poor helpless giri,"had no choice" but to . go out as a governess. But Sarah Brag soon changed all that." She remembered Helen as a child, and when the Hall was purchased by the money made out of "S.S.S." she sought out the orphan and Insisted upóu her returning. - "As my own child," explained the good soul; "seein' that J and me ain't bin bless'd with babies. Not that I'm a lady, my dear, nor could ever have a daughter like you. Butv we'll put it like .that to satisfy the 'conveniences' of society." What could Helen do but accept an offer so kindly and so liberally made? So she came back to her ancestral home, and found existence made as pleasant for her as Mr. and Mrs. Brag could . make it. Then it came about that as I was young and Helen altogether charming we fell in love with each other, much to the delight, be it said, of our patrons. Eventually it was arranged that I should be Helen's husband, and that she should expect to inherit the substantial profits .from "S.S.S." . "And if I might advise, Mr. Beauchamp," said Mrs. Brag, beaming, "you should take the name and arms of Alliston, by right of 'Elen here; so that when we aro dead and gone the old family will still be In the old place where they have been for Lord knows what number of years. "Think," cried Mrs. Brag, jubilantly, "of the ancestors you'll have. Why there's a church . chock full of 'em-all knights and bar'nites. Fini, ? ain't it?" " ; I agreed that it was "fine," and with Helen's, consent, indeed ? at her express wish, I promised , the worthy couple to take the name of Alliston when I should Head the last scion of the family . to the altar. And this was the position of affairs when the ghost came; and I do not think there were four happier people in the world up to that time. Lady Marian spoilt it all. Lady Marian was the ghost's name. She had been a Georgian beauty a couple of hundred years ago-had rustled in silken brocade in the midst of-.Jacobite conspiracies. Her husband bad pre- ferred King George to King James, and desirous of keeping his head and property, had given her to understand as much. But it would seem that excitement was the breath of Lady Marian's nostrils, and she made tho Hall a centre of inr triguc3 which included the midnight visits of Jesuit priests, of French emissaries from his Majesty over the water, and of sulky Squires who cursed the Hanoverian in their cup's. Sir Walter Alliston, being a jealous husband, as well as a loyal subject, disapproved of his wife's pranks, and accused her of using politics for the masking of intrigues against his honor and her own/ The'lady, being of high spirit, denied the accusation, and swore never again to speak to her husband. He' more furious than eVer, kept a close watch upon her, and one even- ing found a masked gallact leaving her apart- ments. Without a moment's hesitation, he ran the intruder through.with his rapier. When he tore off the visor he found to his horror that . the victim, was Lady Marian herself, disguised . for some excursion. Dying, she cursed him and his, and declared that she would haunt him and his descendants evermore. "Ahd she's kept her word!" said Mrs. Brag, .who told ma the storv, "for when Sir Wal ter died she walked down the picture gal- lery the night before. She always comes to tell, when one of the family is to die. I 'eard as she was seen just before 'Elen's father went off, and when Lady Alliston died in giving birth to that dear girl I saw the ghost my- self." "Nonsense, Mrs. Brag! There are no such things as ghosts," I said. "Oh, ain't there? But there is. I tell you, as I'm a livin', breathin' woman I saw the Lady Mariun gliding along the picture gallery in bro- cado and 'igh-'eeled shoes, just as she wore when alive." v . . "Have you seen the ghost since you bought the Hall, Mrs. Brag?" "God forbid,- my dear; for if Lady Marian comes again it will only be to take away 'Elen, secin' as she's the last of them." As ¡Mrs. Brag, with the superstition of an un- educated person, firmly believed in the warning apparition, I was not surprised on returning from a month's holiday in Switzerland shortly before Christmas, to find her in a state of great alarm at the reappearance of her bugbear. Two weeks be- fore my return Lady Marian, brocade, high-heeled shoes, cane and all, had twice been seen in the picture-gallery-on each occasion at the midnight hour. " Mrs. Brag was certain that lt meant Helen's death, and unable utterly to keep feeling of any kind to herself, had succeeded in infecting the; j whole house with her fears. Not a servant would enter "the Long Gallery, as it was called, after, dark; and even Mr. Brag, sceptic as he was, bo-, came uneasy when he came to think pf. what lt might mean. . - . The girl herself did not look so well as when I had left for my holiday. She was pale.and thin, and singularly silent. Her eyes, too, seemed un- naturally bright. After Mrs.. Brag had delivered herself of the story, and had stated her intention of calling in the Vicar to exercise the ghoBt, I was left alone in the drawing-room with Helen* "My darling, you look III," I said, clasping her in my arms; "surely you do not believe in all this nonsense." She shivered. "I don't know," she said, ner- vously. "Both the housekeeper and the butler have seen the ghost. Mrs. Brag is always talk- ing about it, and really I am beginning to think there must be some'truth In it." "Nonsense! nonsense! All this talk and fuss has made you nervous and ill; hasn't it, dear?" "Yes, Geoffrey; I was quite well until th© ghost came." I saw very plainly how mattera stood. Helen waa sensitive and highly strung, and Mrs. Brag's foolish talk had wrought her up to such a pitch that the tortured nerves reacted on her delicate body. . She was never a strong girl, but sho was always very healthy.- Worry waa evidently what had made her ill. I no longer wondered that the Allistons had died when Lady Marian was rumored to have appeared. They were a ner- vous race. I realised therefore that if I did not do something to exorcise this spirit,, if such it were, Helen would become serously.ill, and might even die." '. "It is a good thing I returned," I said to. Mr. Brag, when Helen retired to dress for dinner. "That Kiri will die if this sort of thinir goes an." "I ¿essay,, I desaay, Goeffrey; but how do you ?propose to atop it?'" . , j "Find out the trick to bensure." ? / S ?_? "But 'ow do you know..it's a trick, Geoffrey?V; "I'm sur© of it. Tell , me, have you seen J he .ghost?" - :v. v ; "Lor' no. I ain't a coward, Geoffrey, but wild 'orses wouldn't drag me'to tbat ^gallery at night. I ain't seen it, but Farcons and Mrs. Jackson 'ave." "Or think they have. What they have seen is someone dressed up as Lady Marian, mark me. Or else, they suffer from hallucination. Parsons is sober, I know." ,-' "Oh, yes; and even if he ain't, Mrs. Jackson.is. She never touches a drop to my knowledge. No, 'tain't drink, whatever it is." .- . .... "And they both declare that they have seen the ghost?" "Lor', yes. They take their oaths they have." "Then it must be a trick. And if I catch the person who is playing it I'll- well, I'll make the false-ghost a real one. Will you let me take charge of this matter, Mr. Brag?" "Of course, Geoffrey. I was just waitin' for you to come back. Find "out what's wrong, and knock all this stuff out of my old woman's head. She's mostly in hysterics o' nights." "And no wonder when Helen looks so ill. Be- lieve me, ghosts went out when gas came in. I think I shall manage to prove to you that this spectral Lady Marian Is very substantial flesh and blood." '-'But she may not be," urged Mr. Brag, somer what dubiously: "Lots'of these 'igh families 'ave their ghosts to see 'em iioio thc next world, I be- lieve. Besides, who could be playin' this wild ? trick?" - ' :;:; v ; "Ah. that's just what we have to find out." But it was not so eásy'.'to find out. I question- ed Mrs. Jackson and 'Parsons in the most exhaus- tive manner. They corroborated each other's story with such verisimilitude^and wealth of detail as to leave no doubt in my mind of their good faith. Evidently they had seen a brocaded lady In the picture gallery; but, of course, it could be no such thing 33 a visitant from tba other world;'-1''?'That was where they went wrong. I .was¿ certgjn^. it was someone playing a trick. "Oh, you may laugh, sir," said Mrs. Jackfson1; She was such a stiff old dame. "But I do. assure I you that I saw the ghost with my own eyes. "I was coming through tho long gallery fronl^Mlss ! Alliston's room, and in the moonlight it cajn^jCjttr, clack, clack, clack, in high-heeled shoes. T could" hear distinctly the rustle of the dress, and asMiÔ > swept past mc I smelt a perfume like that of dried rose leaves. It was Lady Marian sure enough, as1 ' I saw from the portrait in the gallery. I fainted dead away, Mr. Beauchamp, sir; and when I came : to myself-it was gone." I confess to feeling a trifle uncomfortable at all this. Th'en Parsons took up the story. "I didn't faint, sir, not bein' a woman," said he, "but my flesh was mighty, creepy as it went past. , I stared at it. like a stuck pig, though lt was plain enough in the moonlight. It vanished all of a sudden , by the painted winder at the- end of the ' gallery." "What were you doing in the Long Gallery at that hour, Parsons?". , : "Comin' from, master, sir. He'd a bad cold; and I took him up some 'ot rum and" water. I wouldn't go to that there gallery again," sir, for all the Crown jewels. It was a ghost, sure enough." "Oh, was itl" said I, showing plainly nv m» tone that I did not think it -was. "Call the ser- vants, Parsons." . . ? '/ - In a few minutes all the domestics in the house wero assembled, and a very whito-iaced crowd they were. Many of them would have been frightened away from the hall had it not been that the place was such a good one. I suppose, too, it was a case in which-they felt .there was comfort in numbers. I harangued them pretty freely for what I termed their nonsensical fears. "Men and women come to years of sense," I went on, "well-I'm surprised. How can you be- lieve such rubbish. Some one of you is playing a trick; and who it is I shall find out, so beware .all of you." Of course they protested vehemently. But that was to be expected. "However," I said, "you can take this warning from me. I shall watch in the gallery myself with a straight-shooting revolver, and if that ghost appears it shall have a taste of it. I am not going to have your mas- ter and mistress and Miss Alliston frightened by this silly trick." Again they all protested. But I sent the lot of them away with more blood in their cheeks. Then I turned upstairs to dress for dinner. As I did so I noticed a pretty, timid-looking young wo- man whose face I did not recognise. She glanc od at me uneasily, and was evidently'disturbed: "Who are you?" I asked, abruptly, pausing be- fore her. "Jano Riordan, sir," she replied with a curtsey. "I am new here." "What are you?"" . "Under-housemald, sir. Oh, please, sir, do you .really think there Is a ghost?" . "No, you silly.girl. The dead never return to. this world." "Please, slr,- what about the Witch of Endor and Samuel, slr?" ' "Oh, you are a theologian, I see. Well, we won't discuss that apparition. You must Just look upon that as a miracle, and not be afraid." She shuddered, and looked over her shoulder apprehensively. "I am terribly afraid, sir, it's no use my deny- ing it. I shall ask mistress to let me go." "You will ask nothing of the kind," said I in my most peremptory manner. "Your going would only be tho signal for general flight. You'll stay here like a sensible girl, until all thia mys ; tery is cleared up." "Oh, sir, but will it be cleared up?" "Of course It will, and by a very substantial leaden bullet, too. Now get on with your work, and don't be a fool." ; I saw there was only one way to deal with tho thing, so that I spoke more brusquely to the girl ? than I would have otherwise done. Besides, she irritated me; she seemed so absolutely terrified with fear. She was calculated to infect the rest of them, though they seemed bad enough as lt was. I went off to dress in no very good humor. . Mr. Bragg's want of common sense over this af- fair amazed me. Usually he was a cool-headed and logical man, as was conclusively proved by the position to which he had attained. Yet ap- parently he was as "nervous and distraught now . as any of the women.. The ghost seemed to hâve been too much for him; to have knocked the grit out of him,- so to speak. He waa no more, fit than á baby to deal with the situation. I put down his1 shortcoming at this juncture hr no small degree.^ to'his;4ack;...of'education. ^ v-ï:^ SV,''.-. Then-there was the co n s tan t -cha tt'er - o f his wife,' of whom thia. ,element of ; the''./supernatural had taken firm hold. She-ncver ceased talking'about'it,' and I suppose the strongest mind is in the end F Influoneed by reiteration. It seemed as if Mr. Brag's were becoming unhinged. I was glad that I had returned so opportunely. At least if I could throw no light on'the subject I could go to work with a cool head and an unpre- judiced mind to clear it up. Mrs. Brag continued to talk of little else but the ghost, whoae appearance she seemd to think was quite in keeping with the season. It was astound- ing the number of legenda she seemed to have accumulated. Headless phantoms, church- yard apparitions, ghosts in armor with clanking chains and "presences," who she said could not be seen but only felt in the most horrific way upon all these she descanted In the most appal- ling manner. Helen shuddered, Mr. Brag shook his head portentously, and I must - confess that even I felt uncomfortable. The old lady seemed BO to environ us . with the atmosphere of the su- pernatural that when a coal dropped from the fire wo all jumped, and, she shrieked. It waa really a most terrible statè of things, especially for Christmas. I asked her about Jane Riordan. My question fortunately turned the subject, for lt seemed, that Mrs. Brag had a good deal to say about this young woman. "Ah," she said, "hers is a sad story, my dear, Her father and mother were fellow-servants of mino when I was cook here. The name wasn't ?Riordan) for that's Jane's married name. Craik's j what we called 'ein-'Enry and Liza Craik, butler I and housekeeper." .?\r'' ? Helen looked up with interest. "Henry Craik?" j .he said, "why, that was the man who stole my mother's jewels!", \ "The same, my dear. Oh, he was a bad one he was; yet you'd think butter wouldn't melt in 'Í3 mouth to look at 'im. Liza was always sayin' as 'ed die in gaol and disgrace 'er, and 'e did."/ "Were the jewels recovered, Mrs. Brag?" "No, Geoffrey, they weren't. My lady missed 'em one morning after a ball 'ere, when the 'ouse ¡ was full of guests. The whole box was stolen- ' five or six thousand pounds worth, no less; and she only saved what she wore at tho ball. All kinds of,peopIe were suspected of 'avin'. gone to 'er room and taken 'em,' but no one thought as , Craik had done lt." * I "I heard something of the story myself,", ob- served Mr. Brag. "He was caught selling a brace- let, wasn't he?" "Yes, J., he was. He got leave to visit a dying friend in London, the old fox; and the friend was a pawnbroker, and 'e told the police, seein' as 'e recognised the bracelet from the 'and bills put about. Craik was arrested and sent to gaol for years. Ho died there, and they never got any- thing out of ..'im. Where he hid the jewels no one knows, and no one ever will, my dears; for twenty years 'ave gone by since they were sto- len." "And how does Jane Riordan come to be hera?" I asked. ': "Her mother died the other day, and sent her to me, my dear. . 'Liza and I were born in the village and lived here for years as''ousekeeper and cook. , I can't say as I liked 'er over much, she was sly an,d.. deceitful; but I don't think she had anything to do with Craik stealing the Jewels. He was bad enough to do that by him- self. When he died in gaol Liza wrote to me, and I sent her money to bring up Jane. .Then Jane married a bad husband, who left 'er, and when Liza died she came 'ere and asked me to 'elp 'er for 'er mother's sake. So I made 'er undor-'ousemaid. I think she's a fool, Geoffrey, but honest enough." "She appeared to be nervous, however." "And no wonder with this 'orrld ghost," cried Mrs. Brag, looking round, "I tell you what, J., ¡ if you don't get the parson to exorcise that thing, I'll leave the 'ouse, that I will." "Steady, old lady, we must see what Geoffrey can do first. He's watching in the Long Gal- lery to-night." "Oh, Geoffrey, the ghost'll 'ave you for sure." "The ghost will have a dose of lead, Mrs. Brag. If you hear a shot don't be alarmed." "But-you can't shoot ghosts, Geoffrey, they're shadows, my dear. You can see through 'em." "I daresay. I never saw one myself. But this ghost is pretty substantial I'll be bound. But tell me, Mrs. Brag, was anything ever found out about the jewels?" "No!" said Helen, before the old lady could answer. "I remember .my father searched everywhere for them and offered a big reward. He saw Craik, too; but he refused to say what he had done with them, and Mrs. Craik protest- ed she knew nothing about it. They have been lost for years now." . "H'm! I wonder if Jane Riordan knows any- thing about them." "That she don't," said Mrs.-. Brag, with energy,. "Liza was ari honest woman, I know; and the. gar seems straight enough.. If .they'd" .'ad the. jewels they wouldn't '.ave lived in poverty so." . ?; "Still, Craik might have told his wIfot where he concealed them..". . -. . .. " "No, Geoffrey dear.' She'd 'ave" come to my Lady or Sir Ralph about them, and got paid for bringing 'em back. If she knew anything she'd 'ave told for 'er own sake; for she was as poor as poor. Jane told me the most 'arrowing , tales of 'ardshtp" "I'll question Jane myself," said I, after some thought. "If these jewels could be recovered they would suit Helen very well." Helen laughed, and Mrs. Brag beamed. "If it's jewels she wants I will give 'er 'eaps. Won't I, J-?" "She's only to ask and to 'ave," said Mr. Brag; "but I wish I saw you more rosy and 'ealthy, my dear." ' "I'm afraid this ghost ls upsetting my nerves terribly," said Helen; "do what I will I can't help thinking about it." - | ' 'Oh, J., can't we 'ave some 'oly water and get it away?" implored Mrs. Brag. I " 'Oly water, no. We ain't Catholics. I'm J surprised at you, I am." " I "She is over-wrought, Mr. Brag," said Helen, i rising. " "Indeed, I think we all are, with this ' horrid Lady Marian about. Come along to bed, J Mrs. Brag. I'll come up with you." I "You'll have to stay with' me all night, - my . dear." whimpered the old lady, "for I don't know ¡ as Geoffrey, firin'. off pistols won't be as- bad as the ghost. Are you goin' to stay up too, J?" "There ia no -necessity," I interposed. ; "I can watch quite well alone. When Mr. Brag hears a shot he cari, corne to'me if he likes. .'. . ; "Oh, I'll come fast enough," said the old mari, sturdily; "tain't flesh arid blood I'm scared of, j though I own I don't like the other thing. How- I ever, if the blessed thing, belongs to this world or ; the next, It's quite certain we've got to put a i stop to its goln's on 'ere» If you don't catch it, ' Geoffrey, we'll shut up the house and g-o abroad. I'm getting quite skeery myself, and I ain't got over much nerve to speak of." "Well, let me try my hand at exorcising the thing, Mr. Brag. If I can't manage it we'll do what you Bay. Helen will die ; If this sort of thing goes-on." "Lord, you don't think it's come for 'er?" "No, I don't. ' It is some trick, I tell you. Leave me to find it out." Mr. Brag shook his head doubtfully, and retired to bed in his turn. Left, alone I started on an exploration of the house with a lamp in one hand and a revolver in the other. I examined all the doors and windows, and found them securely i bolted and barred. I looked into what rooms I could, from cellar to attic, and found them empty. It was' quite clear that beyond the inmates of the j house there was no one. Then I made for the I happy hunting grouad of the ghost. It had lately been snowing, but now the hight was frosty and clear. A bright moon-dispelled the darkness, and the white world without was as olear as day. The Long Gallery stretched the whole length of the west wing. On one side a- row of tall win- dows admitted a good, light on to tho pictures on trie opposite wall. There was a-fair collection of these, but the Allistqns had never been suffi-, cieñtly artistic, in their ta^tos'br Sufficiently acute in their judgment to-acquire,masterpieces. . ¡The portraitsi of Helen's--Wn^tbrs-'^erb';"óf''most, interest tb 'me..'- ^Th ere was a long series of "them, ' dating from the Tudor time,' arid representing' SQme of/the hest: Work" óf''thélm'astérs/''^'''-:Tl£és8": were rle't' intó thb^oak^páñélling wittí: their gilded' frames, and could not be detached from the wall. At the further end of the gallery was an ornate window of stained glass, and through this the moonlight fell, now weaving colored arabesques on the floor and portraits. Here I paused before the picture of Lady Marian Alliston. She must have been a supremely beautiful wo- man, this Jacobite conspirator, with the high spirit and strong will. Here she was portrayed as tall and stately of figure. A proud expression was on her almost swarthy face, and in the slen- derest of white hands she gripped a walking-cane. In a dress of rich brocade, with jewels on neck and arms, red-heeled shoes, and with the towering head-dress of the period, she looked every inch a qiieen, and in her day must surely have moved and ruled as one. I could Imagine those imperi- ous brows frowning at the mention of the Elector! I could fancy those firm lips speaking the curse on her too hasty husband. There was something about this fair dead woman which reminded me of Beatrix Esmond, filled with the joys of life and born to dominate by the power of beauty and intellect. Yet she-failed as Thackeray's heroine failed; but died more nobly, in the prime of love- liness without withering out into sad old age. Had Sir Walter's rapier not struck through the proud heart she might have been a Sarah Jen-, nings. . As lt was she was thwarted by Fate; , and it was her sad'destiny to appear as a bird of Hl-omen to those who sat in her ^seàt'of ' prfde.¿ , Yet I could .imagine her wrath when ;alive at the idea: that" her fair phánXbmr'yrbuld descend tb scar- ing an bid cooley and her plebian husband. How ironical a fate! - I But all. this preamble leads to nothing. Although, I watched in the gallery until dawn I Baw na ghost. It was bitterly cold; and the vigil waa uncomfortable and in vain. Lady Marian did not appear. I did not even hear the rustle of her skirts, much less set eyes on her face; and when I descended to breakfast, after an hour or se of sleep, it was to laugh at the superstitions of-my friends. "It is as-I thought," . said I. "Parsons and Mrs. Jackson both dreamed they saw the phan- tom. Lady Marian is too wise to revisit th« scene of her death." "Ah, but she don't appear every night," pro- tested Mrs. Brag, wisely. "You wait, Geoffrey. Shelli freeze your blood yet." . "Not while she knows that an armed watchel has his eye on her, Mrs. Brag." , .... ! "You still believe it is a trick. Geoffrey?" "If Lady Marian's phantom is not merely the creation of Parsons' and Mrs. Jackson's dreams, I still believe it is a trick." But trick br no trick, all my vigils were in - vain. Night after night for quite two weeks I watched in that infernal gallery for the ghost ? which never came. Yet, notwithstanding my disappointment,-1 could not rid myself of the feeling that there was some mystery about the apparition. It was possible that my public an- nouncement to .shoot .the .so-called ghost had Beared. the person' whôi/I -truly believed, repre- : -?? sented- it. - With, this .Idea I went on a-new tack; - and once more assembled: the .-household; . ' "I-have watched for fourteen nights, more or .! less," I said, "and no:ghost has come, to scare me.. . . : Therefore I. bplieve Mr.. Parsons and-Mrs. Jack- , son have been deceived ¡in thinking ^.th ey saw one..- -'There is no phantom.here, so you can alli set.your minds at rest..' -For my part," and thia* .- " was the most important point of my speech, "I intend ,to watch no more. If Lady Marian comes again she must go without an audience. Now all of you go away, and let me have no mora of this rubbish." * Butler and housekeeper were both indignant * at my aspersions, but they knew better than to protest openly, and went away with the rest of the servants to grumble in secret. An air, of calm pervaded the tale, and Mrs. Brag be- gan to pluck up courage. Also Helen, to prov« what was undermining her health, became mon cheerful and less hysterical. My common sensa had exorcised tho ghost so far, but it had not solved the mystery. Determined to fathom thia I still continued to watch in the gallery. But no one knew of my vigils, not even Helen;, BO if the trickster came, he or she, whatsoever lt might be, would find me waiting. . / For two or three nights the gallery was empty as the palm of my hand. But on the. fourth night my chance came, and with it the ghost It was about midnight, and. the moon shining through the clear glass of th« side windows and reflecting her. light from an expanse of show made the gal-» lery almost as brilliant as day. I was niddea behind a curtain, midway along the gallery, an«V half drbwisly was. looking.out into the maze oí ; shadow and silver radiance. , \ Suddenly In th« absolute' stillhess'T heard -a, faint sound. It wa«. .' a i.tapping: of 'Héels,-' the rustle, of silk skirts, and' In à ;mbment -under; the painted window ¿I saw the ghost. V It appeared from nowhere,T "'and I Jm'ust confess it startled'me very considerably. * .' It was Lady Marian sure enougJi. I was suffi* ciently close to it to see that. There she stood, ; with the tall head-dress and cane, and rich bro- caded gown, exactly as Bhe was represented in her portrait. I caught just a glimpse of her face, but it was not sufficient, for me to say with certainty whether it was identical with that in the picture. But the figure was cer- tainly the same. I sat quite still and watched, and waited, one finger ready on the trigger of my revolver. "With the clacking sound described by Mrs. Jackson it came down the gallery. The stick tapped, and the long train rustled, and the moonlight played upon the rich hues of the bro- cade. It did not'come near me, but kept close by the range of the family pictures, fingering the frames and passing its white hand over the surfaces. At ' times it stopped, and with bent head scrutinised more closely the faces of the portraits. Then it began to glide back more swiftly than it had come. I rose, perhaps too incautiously, and I must have made some noise, for before I could raise my revolver to take dim tho ghost started, retreated rapidly towards the painted window, and vanished. Yes, before my very eyes it vanished. I hurried to the spot where I had last seen-it, but not a trace of anything could I find. Unless it had dropped through the floor or had passed through a solid wall I could not see for the life of me how it had got away. Could it be a true phantom after all? No; my/ reason wouldn't allow such" a supposition. Beyond doubt, it was flesh and blood-some member of the household got up io resemble Lady Marian. I was more than ever perplexed. : " I related everything to Mr. Brag next morning, But he kept my story carefully from his wife and Helen. They were recovering their spirits some- what, and it would not do to damp them again by saying that I had seen the thing myself. Mr. Brag, indeed, was considerably agitated at this seeming confirmation of the apparition, and it was as much as ever I could do to talk him out of the conviction that spiritual it was. "But what on earth can it be, man?" he said. "Well," I replied-, "I have some sort of idea, but at present I won't state it lest I should prove to be wrong. I propose that you watch with mo to-night, Mr. Brag, and together we'll see if we can't unmask the ghost." "But do you think it will come again to-night?" "I can't say. Perhaps not. It may be that the trickster, whoever it may be, has had a fright and will delay further operations for a while. It is ?omeone in the house, I am convinced of that. When I anuounced.that I would watch nothing was seen of lt. But directly I said I would give up watching, Lady Marian appears. What we must do is to watch regularly, Mr. Brag; even should lt not appear for a week or more." It turned out that I was right. Night after night we concealed ourselves behind the curtain, I with my revolver, Brag with a large dinner bell, with which he intended alarming the house when Lady Marian was captured. This went on for no less than ten nights. Then I took Mrs. Brag and Helen into confidence, and arranged a pre- tended departure from the house. I went.off to Loudon with, great fuss and ceremony. But I got out of the. train at the first station» and returned to the hall by road secretly. And at ll o'clock that night-Brag and i .were in bur hiding-place once more. And it was. Christmas,Eve, the very time when ghests should go abroad, according to legend. "Now," I whispered, "the ghost is off its guard; take my word for it he or she, whichever it is, will come." Brag said nothing, but gripped vicious- ly at tho handIe",of his dinner-bell. It fell out as I had anticipated. Shortly after midnight Lady Marian re- appeared in the same guise as before. I could hear Brag's teeth chatter- ing as he saw the apparition. The moonlight was as strong as it had been on the..previous occasion, and Lady Marian, clacking and tapping as before, moved through it in precisely the same way. She glided along by the pictures and fingered the frames. Suddenly we heard her give a joyous ex- clamation, and there was a eliding sound as of something pushed back. A portrait vanished, and a black cavity was seen in its place. Now was the time. I jumped up, and poising my revolver fired as truly as I could, and at the same moment Brag's bell; clanged out vigorously. There-was a shriek and a hurried scamper. Then as before the ghost of Lady Marian vanished be- fore we could reach the spot. "Where the deuce has she gone?" cried Brag, who was still ringing his bell hard. - "Through a sliding panel," I replied, guessing the means of exit was through the cavity. As I lighted the lamp there was more noise and pattering of feet, and the half-dressed servants in ali stages of deshabille and alarm came crowding Into the gallery. Some carried lights, others pokers and sticks, but one and all were as fright- ened as they well could be. And no wonder; for the; clamor of Braggs bell was enough to wake the .dead. ; Then came Helen end-Mrs. Brag fully dressed, for they both had. waited up to witness the success of my scheme. And it was a success-greater than I had dared fco dream. As I said, a picture- that of Lady Marian-had vanished, that is it had slid back into the .wall, leaving a cavity which we proceeded to examine. Therein we found an iron box fast locked.' But Brag soon had it torn open, to find that lt contained velvet-lined, drawers and trays all heaped with the most splendid jewellery.-Gold, diamonds, rubies, emeralds-the mass . glittered like a rainbow. "See, Helen, your mother's long-lost jewels. So this ls what the ghost of Lady Marion came tor." '?. " ...... . .. "My gracious!" cried Mrs. Brag, dropping on her knees. . "Look, my dear, all my Lady's Jewels! You'll wear them at your wedding, af ter all." "'""'"''. ; ' ' : :.. But, Helen did not look at them. She l just" ?tared at me, nervous, and shaking. . " "Geoffrey, who. is the ghost?" "Cannot you. guess ? ;Jane Riordan." -' "Impossible! Isn't she here?" . "No,_ miss," said Parsons, glancing round at the servants, "she ain't with us." '""Oh, Geoffrey, I hope you haven't shot her." "Serve 'er right if 'e 'as," cried Brag. "But don't cry, my pretty, she went through another sliding panel. Come, Geoffrey, let us look." 'The spring is in the frame, Mr. Brag. I'm sure of that." Instantly a dozen hands were busy with the frames, and we soon came upon a spring in that of a picture at the far end of the gallery. lt opened noiselessly, and I stepped into the open space, followed by Brag-bearing the lamp. We proceeded along a narrow - passage, ascended a flight of stone steps, and finally emerged through j another sliding panel into the back part of the house. On our way we picked up the tall cane, the grey wig and head dress and the ^brocadfc skirt. "She stripped herself to get away," said Brag, nodding. "Let us go to her room. She has ono to herself, you know. Asked my old woman to give her ono as a special favor; and for Eliza Craik's salce she got it. The rcom was reached and we found it empty, with the last remnants of the disguise on the floor. On going to the back door we discovered that it was open, and through it Jane Riordan had van- ished into the night, never to return. So it was that I exorcised the ghost of Lady Marian. On Christmas Day at breakfast we dis- cussed thoroughly the stirring events of the night. Mrs. Brag was filled with anger at the way in which Jane Riordan had tricked her. "I wonder how she knew about my Lady's jewels," she said. "Oh, there's no difficulty in guessing that, "I replied. "The father must have told his wife where he had hidden them. I daresay he in-r tended to fetch them himself when he came out of gaol. But he died, before his sentence expired. However, he let his wife know, and she, of course, told Jane, who came here and tried to get them by masquerading as Lady Marian's ghost." ''And. Eliza must have told her that story, Geoffrey. We often talked of the ghost. Oh, whait,a wicked woman!" "But I wonder why Mrs. Craik, being poor, did not try to get the jewels for herself. She would hai'dly wait twenty years before doing sq." ; ' It was. Helen who said this, and: I who replied. "Well, I expect Mrs. Craik was either afraid, or did not learn from her husband behind which picture the jewels were hidden. I expect her reason was the last; for Jane, as I told you, went up and down the wall fingering the frames ,in order to find the right one. That was why she I appeared so often in the gallery. ^Had.she known the true hiding-place one appearance and visit would have done. I see now that she feigned fear to me in order to ward off suspicion. From her looks I never thought she would be so clever." ' . . "Ah, my dear,' said Mrs. Brag, "she married a scamp, and I daresay, after hearing the story from Liza he put her up to the trick." "She brought the dress with her, I suppose?" "She must have; and it was to carry on her wicked pranks that she made such a point of hav- ing a separate room." "I wonder how she knew of the secret passage," said Brag. "Liza again," cried his wife. "She was years here before I came, and so was Craik. I dare- say they found the secret passage together, and made use of, it when they stole the jewels. And now I come to think of it, my dears, it was an actor Jane Riordan married. Oh, I'm well quit of her, I am." "Yes, "thank goodness she's gone," said Brag. "We don't want no row about the thing. We've got the je\yels, and Helen shall wear them on her wedding-day." . "And what's more, we've got rid of the ghost," said I, smiling. ., "I don't think, you can ever believe in ghosts again af ter7 this, eh, Mrs. Brag?" . ... . . . ; , ; "No, Geoffrey, I can't. I daresay the ghost of Lady Marian that I saw myself was either Craik or his wife dressed up. No, I'll never believe in 'ghosts again." Nor did she. So this was our Christmas ghost, which was no ghost But, true or false, it TO a vgry season- able apparition; and brought to Helen, the Christ- mas gift of her mother's jewels. She wore them at her wedding with me shortly afterwards; for next Christmas there was no Miss Alliston, but a pretty Mrs. Beauchamp. Nor was there any ghost. Lady Malian, in the person of Jane Rior- dan, had fulfilled her mission, and we never saw her again. - (The End.3 