At the Churches. ANGLICAN CATHEDRAL. THE PRIMATE ON "FAITH." The wrt weather which pre railed on B.undsy morning, militated agtinrt large oongregatioos at tho local plaoea of worship. St. Fetor's Oathedral was fairly well-filled at the morn ing ecrvioe, when those who attended were rewarded by h-aring an excellent sermon from the Archbishop of BjBncy. The follow ing Divine* were present at the aerriee — Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, Right Rev. Dr. Stretch, Canon Pritahord, Ven. Arch deacon Boas, and Rev. W. Fisher. The Archdeacon conducted the opening I portion of the service. Bishop Green read the I first lesson, and Dr. Stretch the aeoond, and J the litany was road by Canon Pritehard. The Primate selected for the text of his sermon, '' From faith to faith." The leasons to which tbey had been listening, be said, suggested very wide and deep thoughts. They had read of the beginning of the creation to which faith looked back, and the new creation to which hope looked forward. Between the beginning and the end waa human history, that interval through which they wore at present passing. Human his tory was the growth of a conflicting and com J lex problem of which God held the key, and or Christians the great feet of that history was the incarnation of the word of God. With that fact el! their aspirations, yearnings, and hopes were connected, so that at the heart of all progress in the history of man should bo spin trial progress. The Church of God oxisted to mates that progress possible and patent- kVith reference to tho festival on which they were just starting ho wished to forcibly impress on their minds that if thev desired to advance Church work and Cbtircii fellowship they should be careful to " pro ceed from faith to faith." That great prin ciple indicated constant spiritual progress, based upon a mighty spiritual fact—that of God's rigbteyusmws. Spiritual progress was increased revelation of God's righteousness as bearing on man's salvation. Paul had sufficient faith to faoo the power dominant in the great Roman Empire and say that he was not ashamed of the Gospel. Upon .Saul's wonderful conversion there freshened tho conviction that Jesus Christ was the Saviour, and that faith in CbriBt was to relieve the deepest mysteries of human life. Thev be lieved that in Christ heathenism would have a universal Saviour. In the third chapter of his epistle St. Paul showed that solvation was universal, and that God'* righteousness was by faith available to all who believed—and there was no difforenoe, all had tinned. God's righteousness in the incarnation and atone ment of Jesus Christ was shown to orabraoo all hopes of human wealth. He wished to bring the principle of spiritual progress to boar upon tho Diuccssn Festival, amongst all members and friends of the Church. He wanted them to think briefly of what that progress consisted, and how it affected individual, national, and social life Thorightoousnoss of God was revealed from faith to faith, or from faith in the Gospel. Progress meant increased knowledge of. and trust in God's righteousness as revealed in Christ, and increased'personal setvice for Christ. As they believed thoy knew more and mure that God won righteous, that God was light, and that in liim there was no darkness. Tho Gospel enabled them to realise God's fatherhood in which justice and love were blended. By faith they approached the High God, and sought'for an inorea-o of holun as. In Jesus they had the revelation of God's righteousness, because in him wore all things which pertained to light and godliness Progress in faith and knowledge of God meant for them inoroaaod trust in God's righleousuoss. Knowledge of that righteous - ness was a remedy for faint- hoarteaness, it acted as a spring of love and hope; ft reached beyond the changes of mortal life and lieyfind the mysteries wbioh disturbed them intellec tually. God became dearer and nearer to them. The more they were enabled to see God by faith', as tljo Qospel presented him, bo there were inoreased yearnlngs ou'd efforts to servo Christ their Lord In whatevor publio, personal, or professional position God's provi dence hod placed them, th< y were sanctified by Christian faith, turned into Christian con duct, by the love of God. The lovo of ChriBt constrained them to .live not for themselves jjpt for tfie good of one another. - That was andarrvioe^forthe Lrtd^eatis^O^pt. As faith . grew and deepened so 'each one rose from the rudimentary ideas of righteousness. Th air social life would heoome lees vain and superficial, as jfappentng faith christianised mutual rotations one to anafhej, and inspired them to view one another in tho light of God's righteousness as it was revealed to those who believed in Cluist's teachings. With regard to faith's influonoe in national life. They had just boon celebrating Anniversary Day — surely beneath' the gaiety and pleasure there were solemn thoughts, for ward hopes, and earnest prayers 'present to ilia pigeon flWb Wonderful was the P'Ogroea made—from a §ad gnd bljee^ess settlement in 1788 toe. prosperous commercial and industrial community in 1809. Mere material and external development, without spiritual progress, would he a sorry state of affairs. Spiritual progress was the secret of true national prosperity. They had to con fess that-christran agencies were not ae power ful as they would wish—let each one try and make the church more eflenfivoly an in strument for maintaining and extending spiritual life. It was growth of christian faith alone which would give vitality to agencies apd organisations. There ^vere twp opposite tendencies in the treatment p j religious ques tions, either of which wasdeetxnptrve to faith. One was the tendency to externaliam, thd* other a tendency to indetermin able vagueness in Christaln work— they should ask God for grace to Steer between'the two extremes. They should do all in their power to make the church not -vr Vl-V. .1— —-x i— . x in which they cou'd boast and glorify* themselves, hut an instrument of spiritual progre-s and fellowship. The object of the Diocesan Festival was to, make them fredthatthoy were members of the same body. How whre'tbey to attain and - maintain that spiritual progress—by praying to -the: |Ioly Ghost to gpide strengthmr and watch over them. He would enable thejn toworkone with' another in the work of the world. Formal organisations, buildings and institutions were, necessities and signs bf Advancement, but these could not be provided and, maintained without faith in the HblyGhost. FVom faith to faith, or from strength,!*; Thev w&utod; that growth, that _ in virtue and godliness, that goiug heaven ward, either as indiv dual christians or minis ters. If they were to pro-per.br be power ful and may God grant them to he Increasing ly strong in the faith supplied from theinex hans ible treasury of the riches of Christ. 