POINTS. » ? [By Nebdl3.] Tho Federation Question is As good as settled, A Literary Society decided Against it last night. It is difficult to enter into the state of mind (if any) of those persons who write letters to London weeklies on such questions as 'Do Short Men Make Good Husbands?' 'Are Tall Women Intel lectual V 'Js Modern Dress Unsightly ?' and so forth. But it is even more dif ficult to understand why persons should read such letters when published. Mr. G. H.' Reid,' Premier of N.S.W., congratulated the country on having a leader of the Opposition who could not be approached in the same way as others. His attitude in opposition has been ono of honor and generosity to wards the Government. A complete collection of Mr. Reid's public references to Mr. Barton would prove interesting reading. Perhaps it might be summar ised thus: — Barton is my bitterest fos, And my bosom friend j I'll to him no mercy ehow, Him I will defend. 'Traitorous and false is he, Staunch and faithfu\ ever j Hand in hand through life go we, Till aguin we sever. Is it true that at the Coolgardie Exhi bition a subsidised orchestra recently gave a concert to 10 people/ If this is true, or anywhere near tho truth, it would be better to send either the or chestra, or the subsidy or both up to Perth. But I am in hopes that the at tendance wan not quite so scanty as this. Possibly a '0' has been omitted from the total. » t ? . ? 'The lull new apparent, as a matter of fact, simply marks the passage, from inflation to solidity, from speculation to investment, and from the feverish de lights of champagne and four-in-hands to the days of settled industry and steady development.' This is not an extract from one of Sir John Forrest's tspeeehes. It is quoted by me from a morning contemporary which quotes from tho London 'Financial Jiews,' which quotes from the 'British Austra lasian.' Certainly the auctioneering industry has been steadily developed in tho last few months. The oignalman at North Fremantle railway station deserves great credit for his courage in impounding a ferocious bullock yesterday. At a wayside Indian ctation a tiger got loose on one occasion, and caused tome excitement, but the ctationmnster didn't take the responsi bility of impounding the animal. He wired to the general manager, 'Tiger loose on the platform. Please- tele graph instructions.' According to a Melbourne paper, Messrs. Hall Ca'ino and Wilson Barrett would doubtless feel aggrieved if uome brutally-frank person were to assure them that they hadn't a ghost of a show of immortality between tiiem. Proba bly neither Mr. Hall Caine (who has dramatised his novel, 'The Christian') nor Mr. Wikon Barrett (who has drama tized it differently) is inclined to worry much about the immortality so long as the dollars come in regularly. Besides, when a writer is assured by the critics that hia fame will be eternal, the pro phecy doesn't always come off. 'It iss astonishing how many immortal works the world has contrived to forget.' Upon the motion that all general elec tions should be held un one ''day, which should be declared a public holiday, on which the hotels should all be closed, Mr. R. Hastie moved that the hint part, of the clause bo struck out, Mr, T. H. Bath stated that it whs time thnt labor put its foot down on this drink question. .Hastie is opposed to haste, Would to voters grant a 'taste j' Bath, as well befits his name, Backs the water-drinker's olaim. A policy of masterly inactivity seems to be not unknown to the Education De partment, 'Oxygen' complains thai lie and a number of other students have paid the necessary fees for joining classes in chemistry and electricity, but no de finite assurance can be obtained as to tho time when these classes will com mence. If tho department has got as far as taking the fees, that is obviously one step on the road. When I was very young I paid a guinea to join a 'London Literary -Society,' whioh existed solely for the purpose of giving young authoro a start in life, and whioh allowed its members the privilege of adding tho ii- itials ?'M.L.L.S,' to their names, My contributions were returned with an in timation thifc they were immutable, but showed promise, (Perhaps this ac counted for their unsuUability.) I also received the prospectus of a magazine which wouldn't consider any contribu tions Kent in unless you were a subscri* her, and which didn't appear to offer any remuneration, This discouraged me. But the London Literary Society did not forget me, It waited a year, and then Kent a request for another guinea, which I considered 'unsuitable.' I have no doubt if 'Oxygen' waits long enough, he will have a chauce of paying another fee — whether ho gets the lec tures or not. 