OUR SERIAL STORY. THE QUEENS HAND. By WILLIAM LE QUEUX, Author of " Scribes and Pharisees," " Whoso Findeth a Wife," " A Secret Service," " The Day of Temptation," &c;" &c.; [COPYRIGHT. PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGE MENT.] (Conclusion.) I suggested that I should soon be re- luctantly compelled to leave, but at once he became more profuse in his hospi- tality. "No, not yet," he protested. "I am alone, save for my slaves, and -thy com- panionship is pleasant. Remain, and I will show thee over this, my hidden dwelling-place. It may interest thee," and taking down a torch he lit it and led the way across a tiny .bridge that spanned the running water, then open- ing a low door in the rock conducted me through several intricate' passages, nar- row and dark, until we came to a series of caverns of various sizes, the'roofs of ?hanging stalactites, the w^ bung mth.; lioh silken^ hangings, :-^nÍ'^ití^^9^¡ «overéâ/by beautiful carpitsf&n;ü uEast. -Över each the great lamp ol fili- gree shed a soft light, showing how rich and costly were the antique tables of inlaid pearl and silver, and now wide and soft were-the divans. In each the thin blue smoke curling upward from the golden perfuming pan gave forth a. delicious odour, and in one I noticed, lying discarded, a pair of tiny green slippers embroidered with seed-pearls, and a jinkra, one of those little iwo «tringea guitars fashioned from a tor-, toise shell, both .of which objects be- trayed the presence of a woman. ; When we had passed through half-a dozen similar chambers in the solid rock, th? old man, croaking as lie went, stopped suddenly at-the f urther end of the last and most gorgeous of all Lis subterranean domain, and with a grim expression on nis face, said " And this is the dreaded gate*of the Kingdom, of Daikness, whence none »«tum." I started, and drew back. Through- out ihe desert -there has been for 'all time a 'legend tbat somewhere there exists the entranced the dreaded .King- dom 4>f Havriyât, where Eblis reigneth. He opened.^de -tbe small door, .but. there tras only à darkness.impenetrable, &ndan; odour of damp earth. Holding lils torch aloft he crossed the threshold ¿nd hade me peer in. -Then £ -distin- guished a few span! from where he stood a yawning noisome chasm opening to the very bowels of the earth. /-Hearken Î " he cried in his squeaking uncanny voice, at the same time return- ing into-the loom and snatching up from one of the coifee"~SEooÎ8 a large metal dish, which an instant later he hurled into the dark abyes. 1 listened to ascertain its depth, but no sound came back. I shuddered, for I knew it was unfathomable. As he faced nie in closing the door I detected in his keen eyes a strange exultant look, and was seized by a suaden desire to ascend once again to the light of day. True, I could have crashed the life out of him as easily as I could crash a viper. beneath my heel, while in- my sash was still my keen jambiyah, that curved knife which a score of times had tasted the life-blood of mine enemies. ' Tet he had not harmed me, and to kill one's host is forbidden by our Koran. Thèref ore Ißtayed toy hand. j AB .we. . retraced our steps he poured . upon me nauseating Adulation, declaring i me to be the moBt valiant freebooter in ] the Gi-eat . Desert, and using the most j extravagant .simile of which jbhe Arab tongue is- capable, a-fact which in itself filled me . with increased suspicion. Soddenly, as we leached the chamber where flowed the. cooling spring, the truth became instantly plain. As he opened the door two officers of the French in linen garments and white helmets, who had been apparently lying in wait pounced upon nie, uttering loud cries of triumph. The old .white-bearded recluse-may Allah burn his vitals .-with the fire unquenchable-had betrayed me. He had held me, and sent word, to the In- fidels to come and capture their prize. But in an instant Î, upon whose head a price was set, drew my blade and defended myself, Blashing vigorously right and left, succeeding at last in i escaping down the dark winding passage 1 we had just traversed. Forward, I ¡ dashed through room'. after room, up- j setting some of the tables in my mad j rush, for behind, me were the white- faced j officers with drawn swords, determined j fio take me alive or dead. Weill knew ] how desperate-tíiey were, and in that; instant believed myself lost. Yet, de- ? temiined to sellJnylife dearly, itfiashed j across my mind that raider than «offer j the'ignominy of being taken inohainBioJ Algiers, ihe infidel oitjr. ??itöm&»tiwä j % 'the- tribunal, as other-, bad,been, I would cast myself to the fathomless j pit. ' Ï sprang towards the Bmall door, font at .first could not Open it. In a few ; seconds the crafty Batouba, with the two ! Frenchmen, bad gained the spot, bat I I had already gained the door and thrown, j it open.. -Then, just as tbey pat ont their hands to eeize me I swung aside,' lifted my knife, and sfcrnck my evil-faced betrayer fullio the heatt. , With a^piercmg.*hriek he fell forward. oVer.tbe&u;^lâVandhis lifeless hody roiled down into the awlul chasm, while a1 V.îc ¿».m© instant I gave a hound, and fcitu'a. crj of definance leaped neàdlong down into the darkness af ter him. ? J. felt -myself rushing through air, the wind whistling in my ears as deep down I went like a stone into the impenetrable gloom. Each second seemed an hour, : until of a sudden a blow on the back knocked me insensible, and I found myself an instant later wallowing in a bed of thick soft dust. "At that moment it occurred to me that be- cause of this carpet of the dust of ages deadened the sound of all things pitched into the chasm, the belief had naturally arisen that it was unfathom- able. I rose, but sank again to the knees in the dry soft dust which, stirred by my fall," now half-choked me. Far above, looking distant like a star, I saw the light of a torch. My infidel pursuers were peering into the .fearsome piase in chagrin that I had evaded them. The air, however, was hot and foul, snd I knew that to save my life I must be moving. Therefore, with both' hands outstretched I groped about, amazed to discover the great extent of this natural cleft in the» earth formed undoubtedly by some" earthquake, in a remote age. ..'Once I stumbled,'and, bending, *feit at tty ieet the still warm body of-iny be* traver--may .Eblis rend him. I drew my jambiyah" from hU breast, and re Ílaced it in its sheath. -Then, tearing rom bis body the silken gauze which formed bis girdle, I fashioned from it a torch, igniting it after- some_difiic.ulty with my steel Around me was only an appalling darkness, ¿nd I feared to test the extent of the place by shouting, lest my pursuera above should hear. So for- ward I toiled in a straight lin«, flounder- ing at every step in the duet until the cleft narrowed and became tunnel-like, with a hard floor. I stooped to feel, and was astounded to discover that the rock had apparently been worn smooth and hollow «ither by a watercourse, now dry, Or by the tramp- of many feet. Besides, ¿he air bad become distinctly fresher, and/ this fact renewed courage within me. At first I felt myself doomed : Ibo die like a for in a trap, but hope -was re-awakened within ¿ne, and there might ofter all, I thought, be some outlet. Of a sudden, however, my eyes were startled at beholding a colossal female figure seated on a Mnd of stool, with features so hideous and impulsive that. I jdyew ÍMiok with an involuntary cry. It was,-a score times as high as myself, and asl held niy. torch above my head to examine it, I saw it was of some white-. semi-traiiBparent stone the like of* which I bad sever before witnessed. The robes were coloured scarlet and bright blue and the face and - hands wèré crudely tinted to resemble life. One hand was outstretched. On the brow was a chaplet of wonderful magni- ficent pearls, and on the colossal fingers, each as thick as my own wrist, were massive golden üngs which sparkled with emeralds and diamonds. Bot the sinister grinning countenance was indeed that of a high-priestess of Eblis. I had entered the Silent Kingdom ! .Amazed, I held my breath and gazed about me. Around the sides of the cavern were ranged many other smaller female figures seated, like the central, one, the face of each bearing a hideous repulsive - grin, as if. in mockery of my -] misfortunes. .Before the great central colossus was a small triangular stone ! altai*, upon which was some object. I ! crossed and glancing at it, founcPto my dismay that it was a beautiful and very ancient illuminated, manuscript of obi* holy Koran. But through it had been thrust a poignard,; now red with rust,, and it had been torn, slashed' andother-. wise denied. Then it dawned upon me. This noisome place into , which I liad plunged w{$ ihe temple of that -ancient accursed sect who worshipped Eblis as their god. - As I gazed wonderingly about me I saw everywhere-evidence that for ages no foot of man had entered that silent chamber. The dust of centuries lay smooth and untrodden. Again I passed beneath the ponderous .feet of the gigantic statue, when sud- denly my eyes were attracted by an in- scription in Kufic, the áucient writings of the marabouts, traced in geometrical design upon the hem of the idol's gar- ments. My torch had barned dim, so I lit another, and by its flickering rays succeeded in deciphering the-following words : "Lol lam Azour, wife of Eblie and j the Queen of aÙ^Things Beneath the' , Earth. To me, all bow, for I hold its riches in the hollow of my hand." I glanced up quickly, and there far above, I distinguished that in the idol's I open palm there lay some object which the fickle flame of my torch could not reveal. But, consumed hy curiosity, I at once resolved to clamber up and ascertain what riches-lay there. . With, ^extreme difficulty, and holding my flam- beau in niy left hand, I managed at length to reach the platform formed by the knees of tho figure, and then j scrambled up the breast and along the outstretched arm. On mounting the ¡latter I was dismayed1 to discover that the object for which I had toiled was1 neiger gold, silrerTfiorgems, but merely a brown and mouldy parchment scroll. Standing at last upon the open hand I bent and picked it up, but next instant I recognised that my find was of price- less value. Ere I had read three linea of tije beautjf ally-formed bot sadly- faded Arabic characters X knew $hat this .scroll was none other than the long- sought manuscript of the Fatassi, the mysterious phantom book. v - - . - \- Ages ago it had evidently fallen into the hands of the accursed worshippers of Eblis, and they had placed it there because it was a key to the enormous wealth of buried treasure. With my find beneath my burnouse I at ones descended, eager to discover some means of escape from that weird and gloomy cavern peopled by its hideous ghosts of a pagan past, lu frantic haste I sought means of exit from that temple where so many rites, hideous and horrible, Jiad been practised, but not until many hours had elapsed did I suc- ceed in finding a narrow burrow which, leading as it did out into a barren ravine in the desert, had once no doubt been used as entrance to the secret place of worship of that now forgotten sect who believed not in the One Merciful, ] but in Eblis, and Ajsour his queen. After wandering many days I suc- ceeded in rejoining my people at a spot four marches from Gao, bearing hidden beneath my robe the priceless history of my ancestors with its minute instruc- tions foi* the recovery of theil* hidden treasure. . : : . . At this moment the Fa^^i, ,i*aced by the hands of Koti,the marabout, and so long: coveted by the French, is in. my possession, though only" to two of my tribesmen have I imparted the secret that I have recovered it. At one spot indicated I have already sought secretly, and not. in vain. To seek, however, to unearth the treasure of our ancestors at present would be worse than useless, for our conquerors would at once despoil ns. But when the holy war has been fought against the infidels, and more peaceful days dawn in the Soudan, then will the secret treasure house be opened, and the now- despised Ennitra become a power in the land, because of the inexhaustible riches left to them by their valiant ancestors for the re-estabiishment of their long-lost kingdom. . ' ^ Until then they possess themselves in patience and trust in the One. To thee, O readèr of this my Tarik of toil and tumult, peace> - v_ 