THE MILLIONAIRE'S BRIDE (By John K Leys.) It is unnecessary for me to detail the circumstances under which I became confidential clerk and assistant to my school-fellow, Ludovic Steyne, solicitor. The following is an account of a remarkable case which occupied us for some time one of the most remarkable, I venture to think, that was ever brought to a solicitor's office. One morning, while Steyne was from home, a card was brought to me bearing the name Allan P. Corbett I knew that an American millionaire Corbett was then residing in London and it occurred to me that this might be the same man. he turned out that I was right. " Show him in," said I and the next moment a young than not yet thirty, with fair hair, a pleasant but rather weak face, and a' dispirited air, entered the room. When will Mr. Steyne be back'?" was the first thing he said. " To-night or to-morrow morning,'' I replied. " Perhaps you, would rather wait and see him." . ' He hesitated, and I asked him to sit down. ' " Or if you prefer to state your case to toe. I will report to him this evening," I added, I " Perhaps that would be the best," he said wearily, resting his head upon his hand, I feel as if I wanted to confide in somebody right away. I am sick of keeping the affair to myself. It weighs on my mind.". Of course I told him that I was entirely at his service and he proceeded " Perhaps you may have heard that I have a large pile of dollars. My father left about ten million dollars, and most of them came to me when he died. I suppose that is the reason the scoundrels have gone for me." " What scoundrels ?" " That's just what I want to find out. Every Monday morning for the last six weeks I have received a threatening letter. They were all typewritten, posted in London. I burned them as soon as I got them all but the last and tried, to forget them, But I can't get the thing out, of tay mind. The fact is, it's getting on my nerves." "You have the last of these letters with you." < " Here it is. The rest were all to the same effect." He produced a letter, written on an ordinary sheet of type-writing paper, from his breast pocket, and handed it to me. ' It ran as follows: "Sirs-I beg to inform you that a disaster,, more awful and heartrending than you can easily imagine, is now about to fall on you. There is but one way by which this calamity can be averted. You must immediately remit to New York the sum of one hundred thousand dollars (£20,000.) and place the amount to the credit of Thomas Sinclair at Sullivan's Bank, in Ninety seven street. This offer will remain open for fourteen days only. If before the expiration of that time the money is not forwarded, no power on earth can prevent the terrible misfortune above predicted falling upon you and to the end of your days you will regret that you refused to be warned in time. Your well-wisher, A. Simmonds. " But since nothing has happened in spite of your disregard of the previous warnings," I said, putting the letter carefully into a drawer, perhaps no harm is really meant." " I was given eight weeks to hand over the money in," answered the young man gloomily, " then seven, then six. Now, you see, the time is reduced to two." " Can you think of any special reason why that period should be fixed ?" "Unfortunately I can. I am to be married in exactly two week's time." "Ah!" "Yes; I am engaged to Miss March- mont, a daughter of the late Gen. Sir Edward Marchmont, and that brings me to another point that may be worth mentioning. Lady Marchmont, lives at Lucknow House, Wimbledon. It is in a lonely situation, and Lady Marchmont who is rather of a timid disposition, has been alarmed by the presence in the neighbourhood of disreputable characters. She applied to the police, and received a civil note to say that there seemed to be no special cause for alarm, but that the local constables had been instructed to keep an eye on the house, and warn all tramps and suspicious-looking people off the premises." This was all Mr Corbett had to tell me and as there was no necessity for immediate action, I told our new client that I would repeat the story to Mr. Steyne as soon as he came back, and arrange for another interview. Mr. Steyne returned that night, and I at once placed before him a precise account of the facts I have here set down, along with the threatening letter. Steyne read them in silence. "Send a wire to Mr. Corbett asking him to call at 10 to-morrow morning," was all he said when he had perused them. At ten next day Mr. Corbett made his appearance, accompanied by Colonel Marchmont, and uncle of the bride-elect. He was a tall, upright, fresh- coloured man, a soldier every inch of him and I guessed that he could be self- opinionated and obstinate to a degree. "I am afraid, Mr. Corbett," said Steyne, plunging at once into the business that yours is by no means as uncommon predicament. Many attempts are made to blackmail wealthy men. And it seems to me that in these cases there are only two courses open to the person attacked-pay up or fight the scoundrels to the death." "Fight them!" cried the Colonel, twisting his long, white moustache. Corbett looked as if he were not exactly in a fighting humour. " It is not for myself that I mind," he began, nervously clearing his throat, " though, of course, I would not know a moment's peace, thinking of what those fellows might have it in their heads to do to me. It s Emily. I mean Miss March- mont, I'm thinking of. You read that infernal police inspector's letter ?" 'V Yes," answered Steyne; " but, really I don't see that Lady Marchmont has any particular cause for alarm. "That's what I tell her, put in the colonel. " But don't you think they may mean to strike at me through Miss Marchmont," pursued the young fellow, searching Steyne's inscrutable face with eager eyes " They speak of my marriage-no ; but they mention fourteen days. That is what they mean. They knew that I would part with every dollar I possess rather than that Emily should come to harm," " Allan ! I see what you are driving at !"' shouted the colonel ; "and I tell you, you will forfeit every atom of respect if you give in to the demands of those rascals. And let me tell you this-the chances are that if they bleed you once they will bleed you again, till they reach your bottom dollar Is it not so, Mr Steyne?". ) ' Steyne gravely assented. " Then you agree with me that it is best to defy them-throw their out ' rageous letter into the fire, and forget it?" I don't say that exactly," said my chief, slowly. " I think that every precaution should be taken to insure your safety, and Miss Marchmont's- though there seems to be no evidence that she is specially aimed at. I fear those rogues mean business and I will tell you why I know this Sullivan, of New York, their banker, who is to act, practically as their fence. He is one of the greatest rogues unhung. But the gang who are trying to blackmail you must have capital, since he is their cashier. Keep indoors and don't go out unattend- ed and let Miss Marchmont do the same." "But we can't keep up that all our lives !" cried Corbett impatiently. "Don't you see that you are condemning us to live almost like the Czar ? Would it not be possible to lay some trap for those fellows, and catch them, and so get rid of them I would give a thousand pounds this moment to feel sure that I needn't fear them any more. If anything were to happen to Miss March- mont I should go mad. Can't something be done, Mr. Steyne ?" " Not in the way yon mean. They would answer no advertisment, you may be sure and you see the money is to be sent to America. As you can do is to be ready for them in case they try to carry out their threats. You carry a revolver ?" " I have done so lately. But I am not afraid for myself. How are we to get Miss Marchmont to shut' herself up as you suggest I haven't told her of these threatening letters, because she is so high-spirited that she would merely laugh at them. Lady Marchmont, now-"' ' _ " My sister-in-law would die of fright, I do believe, if you were to tell her," pub in the colonel. I think Miss Marchmont ought to know that you have been threatened," said Steyne. "If you like I will call on her, and. try to impress upon her- my opinion that the men who wrote these letters are not using mere empty threats. Perhaps I could persuade her to take at least some ordinary precautions." " Thanks, I wish you would. But when we are married we shall be no better off than we are now," said Cor- bett in a melancholy tone. "I wish to goodness they would attack me and do their best to murder me. It would be such a relief to know that they had done their worst." ? He wrote a line on his card to introduce Steyne to his betrothed, and then the millionaire and his friend departed. It so happened that my employer was prevented from going to Wimbledon that afternoon and I was despatched in his stead. IfoundMissMarchmontand her sisters three charming and sensible girls. Their mother was an invalid, and was for the most part confined to her own room. The house stood in a solitary part of the country and it was not well protected, the household consisting of women servants and a page boy. ' I told the three young ladies that Mr. Corbett had received a threatening letter I did not say he had received six and was greatly, perhaps unduly, alarmed, being under an apprehension that danger threatened his bride, and I suggested that to ensure his peace of mind they should have a man servant, and that in particular she should never go out alone. Miss Emily fell in with my suggestions at once. I ' could see that she understood and appreciated her lover's anxiety on her account, and that, like him, her thoughts were more in the future than in the present- that she dreaded more the effect of a series of threats, kept up, perhaps, for years upon her betrothed, than any actual danger in the present. Our conversation did not last very long, and I was going downstairs on my way out when I met, to my amazement, on the stairs, the lady from whom I had just parted, Emily Marchmont herself. For a moment a superstitions dread mastered me. I stood stock still, gazing at the apparition-as it seemed to me drawing slowly nearer. Then I saw my mistake. The girl was not Emily Marchmont. Close at hand the likeness was not so striking, but at the distance of a few feet it was positively startling. The girl's height, carriage, poise and shape of the head and cast of features seemed absolutely identical with those of Miss Marchmont. Ere I reached the front door an idea struck me. I turned on my heel and slowly went back to the drawing-room. " Pardon me," I said on re-entering the room, " but I met just now on the stairs a girl who hears a singular re- semblance to you, Miss Emily." "Isn't it oddest cried the youngest Miss Marchmont. Everyone notices it." "But who is it?" " Only our maid, Forbes. "We came across her once when we were staying at an hotel in Scarborough, and engaged her because of her likeness to Emily, in order that we might get her to play in some private theatricals we had in view where the point of play was a mistaken identity. It succeeded splendidly. Everybody in the room thought that Forbes was Emily and in the middle of her acting the real Emily came in and confronted her. The people stared as if they had seen a ghost and the applause was quite "deafening." "Don't chatter so, Dorothy," said her eldest sister and she turned on me a look which seemed to ask me for an explanation of my conduct in returning. " It has just occurred to me." said I, 1 that possibly we may be able to make use of this accidental resemblance. Tom great wish (turning to Emily is to do something which would put a final stop to this annoyance. Now it is my belief, and Mr. Corbett's as well, that the rascals who wrote the threatening letter mean to strike him, if they strike at all, through you. And by far the most likely plan for them to adopt would be refer them to try to abduct you, and hold you to ransom. Pray do not misunderstand me," I added hastily, for a scared look came into Miss Emily's face, " I do not for one moment suppose that they could succeed in carrying out any such crime. But if they have any serious plans underlying their threats, we may be pretty sure that they take the form of carrying you off by force or fraud, and holding you to ransom. They demand twenty thousand pounds know of Mr. Corbett. For that sum they will graciously consent to leave him (and you) alone. But if they really succeeded in hiding you away it would not be twenty thousand, but two hundred thousand they would demand as your ransom." fraud, Mr. Farrar, are such things possible in a country like ours ?" asked the eldest sister. " I hardly think the attempt would succeed," said I : " but it might certainly be made. One cannot be always on one's guard, and the police cannot be everywhere, as some people seem to think they ought to be. Our aim is that if the attempt is made to carry out these threats, the blackmailers should not get the money they are scheming for, but get caught and sent to penal servitude." Exactly! But how is that to be managed, Mr. Farrar ?" " My suggestion is this-that from now until the eve of the wedding Miss Emily should be somewhere else say in London, while her maid should be sent to some friend in need of a maid who lives a good way off. That would be given out to the world-to servants, postmen, friends and acquaintances to every- body, in short. But all the time the maid and the mistress would have changed places. The very eyes of the conspirators would aid in deceiving them. If they make any attempt at all it will be against the maid Forbes, and you. Miss Emily will escape altogether. Nor need Forbes be under any apprehension as to her safety. She has only to satisfy her captors that she is the girl Forbes, and not the rich prize they had hoped to gain, and they will be forced to release her, for the simple reason that they must know that no one would pay a large sum to ransom her. And when she returns to us the maid will be able, if I am not much mistaken, to give us such information as will lead to the capture of the whole gang." Theyoungladies were delightedwiththis plan, but the person whose consent was really necessary was Forbes. She was sent for and I began to explain matters by saying that Mr. Corbett had received several threatening letters. At this the young woman turned so pale and looked so alarmed that I thought I might as well give up my scheme at once. She would never have courage, I thought, to carry the thing through. I went on with my explanations, however, and took care to mention, in conclusion, that I felt certain that Mr. Corbett would be willing to promise her a very handsome present in the event of the plan succeeding. Upon this the young woman asked if she might have a little time to consider the matter and this being agreed to I took my leave. . - ' Mr. Corbett was delighted with my scheme when I mentioned it to him. The sole point he objected to was that he would only be able to see his sweetheart once or twice, if at all, before the wedding day, whereas, he would be forced to call upon the sham Emily Marchmont every day, so that, if his movements were watched as I had little doubt they were -the spies would be convinced beyond a doubt that Forbes was in reality the millionaire's bride. When I proposed my scheme to Ludovic Steyne he was not enthusiastic about it. He thought it was too fantastic, smacked too much of the stage, to be practicable. However, he offered no very decided objection to it, and the maid consented to play the part assigned to her-? after Corbett had promised to pay her £50 if a finger was laid on her, £200 if the conspirators were arrested. The details were left to the Misses Marchmont, and they managed things a hundred times better than I could have done. Miss Madeley, an old governess of the Marchmont girls was taken into the secret; and she readily consented to take rooms in Bayswater for herself and Eliza Forbes, who passed as Miss ? Emily Marchmont. It was given out that Miss Emily had gone up to town to see after her trousseau. It was also given out that Eliza Forbes had gone to stay, at Miss Bellingham's to help to mend and clear some wonderful old lace which was to form one of the marriage presents. This Miss Bel- lingham was a great aunt of the bride. She lived by herself in a small house near the Thames Wickham-as retired a place of concealment (seeing that the boating season had not begun) as could possibly have been found. She had but two servants - one a strong-minded, faithful creature, who had been with her for forty years, and who was necessarily made a participator in the secret ; the other, a red-cheeked country girl, who had lately come to the house, and who never doubted for a moment that the fine-looking, dark-haired girl) who sat all day in the mistress' room was Eliza Forbes, the Misses Marchmonts' maid. Lady Mafchtnont's own servants were kept in the dark. They simply knew that Miss Emily and Eliza Forbes were from "home they supposed that they were both of them in London. Twice a week Miss Bellingham's elderly servant walked over to Thames Wickham with Emily Marchmont in time to catch the early morning train. "The "train took Miss Emily direct to Wimbledon and then she alighted and took a cab homes This she did for her mother's sake, but the utmost care and caution were observed, both in going and returning. She were, of course, clothes befitting her supposed station in life. On the other hand, the sham Emily Marchmont came home frequently, and always in the open day. A little inquiry showed that the tradesmen and neighbours habitually took her for her mistress. In a word, the transmigration was thoroughly and artistically carried out. When one of the two weeks had gone by Corbett came to see us again. He had received another anonymous letter that morning. It was rather different from the others in. that the writer assumed an air of contemptuous insolence, as of a man who is already master of the situation. If Mr. Corbett choose to remit twenty thousand pounds by cable to New York within the next three days the money would be accepted and no further claim would be made. If not, let Mr'. Corbett look out for himself. He would not say that he had not been fairly warned. And more to the same effect. " The impudent blacklegs !" cried the young American, as he walked in a state of excitement up and down my chief's consulting room. "Let them look out for themselves that's all, I have this with me day and night "-he showed us the handle of a revolver sticking out of his pocket" and I've engaged a grant of a fellow to go about with me. They can't touch me and if they try any games on with Miss Marchmont they'll burn their fingers nicely, won't they ?" " I have no doubt they will, Mr. Cor- bett," I returned, seeing that my chief was plunged in thought. " Miss Forbes seems an intelligent and spirited girl, and she has been fully instructed. If they presume to lay a finger on her they will find that they have caught a Tartar." Three days later Corbett went up again, and this time he was in a state of nervous agitation, for which I could not account. At last it came out that afternoon, in passing along the Strand, a big broad-shouldered' red-haired man had thrust himself in Corbett's way, laughed impudently in his face, and passed on. The incident was nothing in itself ; but I could see that the fellow was upset by it. He was convinced that the red-haired man was one of his hidden enemies, already gloating over his victim and indeed it was a trying situation for a man to be in. He believed that his foes were only waiting an opportunity to spring upon him, and yet he could not take a single step towards meeting them, or warding off the attack. The night just three weeks before the wedding was dull, cold, and misty, more like November than March. About half-past 7 at night Mr. Corbett came to Brussels Square, his face radiant, beaming over with satisfaction. " We've got them " he cried. " That Miss Forbes is gone. I've a telegram here from Miss Madeley. Those rascals must have stabbed her on her way home to- night. I wonder how they managed it I suppose she made no resistance. He ! ha ! Won't they be mad when they find out their mistake ? I think I see their f aces when she says 'Marchmont? That is not my name. I am Miss Forbes. Miss Marchmont is my mistress.' 'HA, ha, ha! I say, ' Mr. Farrar, do you think we shall be able to put salt on their tails, ehP Can I see Steyne ? When will he be in a I was in the act of answering him when I heard Steyne's latchkey in the street door. He came in but half a minute later I heard the door bang behind him. He had gone out again. Corbett" ran to shout after him, but he was too late. Eight, nine, tan. o'clock struck, and my chief did not return and still the young American waited as patiently as he could. Atlastjabout half-past ten, Steyuecante ii. I saw at once by his face that some thing had happened. When his eyes fell on Corbett, he stopped short, and a look of grave city came into his face. Then he walked up to the youngman and took his hand. " Mr. Corbett," he said. " I am about to put your manhood to the test. A terrible thing has happened." Corbett became white to the lips, and yet I saw him make an effort to pull himself together. Outwardly he was calm, and he looked Steyne straight in the eye. " She is gone !" said the young man hoarsely, and I now saw that he was shaking from head to foot. Steyne nodded gravely. Corbett made a rush for the door, but the older man was the stronger of the two, and easily held him back. "What would you do ?" said Steyne. " The last train for Thames Wickham has gone, and if you walk or drive you will only fatigue yourself to no purpose. Everything that man can do all that the organised police of the country, backed by your enormous wealth can do, has been done, or is being done at this moment. Take my advice ; try to remember that it is not the policy of the kidnappers to injure Miss Marchmont in any way. She will be restored to you very soon, I am certain. Go home and try to get some sleep, and if you want to see with your own eyes what is being done, come to the Holborn Town Hall at 8 o'clock to-morrow morning." Obeying a look from my chief I put on my hat and went home with Mr. Corbett. He was very quiet, and leant on my arm as if he had been recovering from a fever. Every now and then a savage look would come into his face, and his fingers, I could see, were grasp- ing the handle of his revolver. Once or twice a strong shudder passed through him, as I have seen it with men who were sickening for some disease. "I had my doubts about this plan from the first," said Steyne to me, as we walked to the Holborn Town Hall next morning ; " and I ought to have seen the significance of the girl Forbes chang- ing colour when you first told her of the threatening letters. That was from no mere feeling of timidity. I have no doubt that she was in the plot from the first and when you began to speak to her of the threatening letters she thought that she had been found out." "Have you any idea of how Miss Marchmont was spirited away ?" I ventured to ask. " I shall know in a few minutes," was the reply. The large room in which we went was filled with men, employees most of them, of various detective offices. Each one had a map and a set of printed instructions given him-Steyne had provided for all this during his three hours' absence the night before. Suddenly Steyne's clear voice rang through the room. " Now, lads," he cried " you have your work before you. The lady we are seek- ing left Wimbledon for Thames Wickham at 7.23 last night. I find that the return half of a first-class ticket from Thames Wickham was given up at Hanworth, the station just before and I think it likely, therefore, that she left the train there and was induced to enter a carriage-a fly, as they call it-which met the train. We want to find that fly. Understand, there is a gratuity of five pounds per man for the job. One hundred pounds will be paid for any news of the lady after she left Wimbledon, and one thousand pounds for such information as leads to our ending her." A subdued cheer followed these words. Corbett who had been standing beside speaker turned his pale haggard face to Steyne, and caught him by the arm. '* See here," he whispered. " This came by this morning's post." It was another typewritten letter. " The blow has fallen. Fifty thousand pounds, or securities to that amount, must be deposited in Sullivan's bank, as before explained. When that is done Miss M. will be restored to her friends . unharmed. If the money (or securities) is not deposited, she will never be seen again alive." So ran this villainous letter. "I must send it," said Corbett, his voice hoarse with emotion. "Give me two days!" cried Steyne. " Think what you are doing if you yield to these men's demands. They will at once tell their companions, and other rich men's wives or daughters will be abducted. The crime will spread and who can tell what the consequences may be No harm will come to Miss Marchmont to-day. That is certain. Give me to-day. Every inn, every village and farmhouse within driving distance of. Hanworth will be visited to-day. Every rural policeman will be questioned. News is sure to come in before the evening. If not you may advertise in the morning papers that you are willing to come to terms. That will give me a second day. Two days are all I ask. The American turned away with a groan. Steyne drew me aside. " For heaven's sake'," he whispered, take him down to that place and keep him going about questioning folks. He will go mad if he is not allowed to think he is doing something." A dreary day that was for all of us. I was told afterwards that many clues were thought to have been found by trained men whom Steyne had retained for the purpose ; one and all turned out worthless. A On the afternoon of the second day as Corbett and I were driving from the village to village, questioning every- body that came in our way, Steyne joined us. There was a suppressed excitement about him that I well understood. " Don't you think," I suggested, " that Miss Marchmont may have been carried off down the river ?" We were then driving slowly along a road that lay close to the north bank of the stream, which spreads its sullen length before us. Steyne was walking by the side of our dog-cart. " No," said my chief, sharply. " There are locks every few miles. All the lock keepers have been questioned. No lady went down in an open boat, ner has any launch with a cabin passed down yesterday, or the night before." As my chief had been speaking, I noticed that his eye rested on a house- boat that lay moored near the opposite bank, under the shelter of a group of willows. " Whose is that house-boat ?" he asked. " It belongs to some city man," said Corbett, impatiently. "I don't think anyone has been in it since last season." We went on a few paces. Then Steyne sat down by the side of the,road,and wrote'anoteonaleaftorn from his pocket. This he put into an envelope, which he sealed. " Please drive to Way bridge as fast as you can," he said to Corbett, ?' and give this note to the police superintendent there. You may jump down, Farrar; I may want you." In less than a, minute the dog-cart had disappeared. Steyne and I went on till a clump of bushes hid the river from us. " Farrar," he said, in an excited whisper, " unless my eyes are not what they were, I saw a curtain move on board that house-boat ! Let us stay here and watch it. I have sent for a boat. It will be here by dusk." We sat down and waited, taking turns to watch the house-boat." So the hours passed till nightfall. The shadows were deepening when we heard the sound of oars ; presently a boat drew in to the bank. Two men were rowing. Corbett and two police- men were in the stern sheets. We stepped in and pulled away for the house-boat. Before we reached it we heard a noise on board, and we could just make $>vAs in the darkness, a small boat with three men in her creeping out from between the houseboat and the river bank.. Give way, men !" cried Corbett. .' Curse the fools ! Why is there only one pair of oars ?" The small boat with its light freight rapidly forged ahead. There was a sharp bend in the river just there in another minute the boat would be out of sight. Suddenly a deafening scream from a steam whistle burst on our ears. A steam launch came rushing down stream and crashed into the small boat. We heard cries from the water, but before we could reach the spot they had ceased. Next day the three bodies were recovered. One of them Corbett recognised as the big, red-haired man who had laughed in his face on the street. In a tiny bedroom on board the house- boat we found Miss Marchmont, somewhat dazed from a dose of opium which (we supposed) had been given her in her tea, but otherwise perfectly well. With her to our astonishment, was Eliza Forbes! The girl was prepared to go to prison ; but she had made herself so useful to Emily Marchmont during her detention on the houseboat that the lady positively refused to allow her to be prosecuted. Miss Marchmont had been induced to leave the train at Hanworth by a false telegram which purported to come from Miss Bellinger, saying that suspicious persons had been hanging about the Thames Wickham station, and that she had better, therefore, alight at Han- worth, and drive home. The fly had been procured beforehand, and was driven by one of the conspirators. It stopped opposite the house- boat, where the other two scoundrels were waiting for it. It was a lonely part of the country, and Miss Marchmont was without much difficulty forced into a boat, and taken to the house-boat, where Forbes was waiting to receive her. Two months later Miss Marchmont, who had quite recovered from the shock of her abduc- tion, became Mrs. Allan Corbett. Detroit Free Press. 