I m AUSTRALIAN FAIRY TALE. THE MYSTERY OF ROCKY HILL. By Cora M, Anderson, Pingarrah. Western Australia. . (Continued from last week). "These smaller fairies scatter the flow ers of spring every year," said the dtvarf to Alylathe, "but now look again at the entrance." Summer and her attendants then en tered. One small fairy came in laden with corn, another with gum blossom, and others with summer flowers. Some also had fruit. Autumn soo-n followed her, but her fairies only carried fruit, fresh grasses, and some young seedlings, which were the promise of Spring's wildflowers. When Winter came she brought a shower of rain with her. This the imps enjoyed very much, but the poor little butterflies flew away to Spring and Summer. Other fairies came, too, amongst whom wore the two new fairies, Dawn and -Sun set. These fairies are both artists. "You are late," the King said to Sun set. "Yes, your majesty," she replied, "but 1 have only finished coloring the west." All this time messengers kept coming and going. But no one except the King knew what news they brought. This the imps d:d not like, so one of them climbed up behind the throne to listen. A number of small people came, and performed some amazing freaks. They walked in and out of solid rock, and ap peared to enjoy it. These are the stonemen, or rock imps, rhey live in the rocks, and can walk 'rough the hardest granite, as you can nreugh air," said Hani, the dwarf, who sat near Alylathe. A party of goblins, with some ghosts, same in, followed by an old magician. A low breeze began to blow outside,' M to whistle among the huge rocks. > iathe could see the sand and dust ru en past the entrances, as the breeze j- 'Sngthened into a roaring gale, but neither wind nor dust came inside. As the spirits were still, Alylathe be- san to look around the cave, or under ground room. It was the largest room ne had ever seen. Stones of different Kinds and colors formed the wall, floor and ceiling. All the kinds of stone that ne ever knew or heard of were there, and a great many more. The floor was smooth and polished, but the walls were uneven and honey-combed, like a piece or wood where the white ants have been. Every here and there a long, narrow Piece of rock hung down from the ceil- ng, at the bottom of which hung a elus- er of candles. And everything was oeautified by masses of ferns and flow ers creepers even clung to the ceiling, under which parrots, cockatoos, cock- Bnafers. butterflies, bats, and other crea tures were flying. w Hew en? f the 1100111 stood the rock tn?? at the other end the tweehL Over the latter, be- 'reainf t ? stones, leapt a tiny rone .nt a PT below. The of solid 'gold and the walL Xt was flowers. covered with fragrant I. Alylathe had just looked all around him, when the air became dark with fly- ; Ing creatures. The Imps screamed with delight, and the giant seemed delighted. Soon they had settled, and proved to be a gruesome flock from bad spirit land— ! bush spirits, fairy curlews, and flying dingoes. Immediately after this everyone got up and began to walk about and talk. Aly lathe got up, too, but wherever he went Ilani followed. As they were passing j the fairy Queen she suddenly touched I them both with her wand. Ilani fell senseless, and Alylathe turned : ! into a bat. One of the fairies then asked, "Do you know what you are here for?" "No," he replied. "Did you see the bush spirits to-night?" "Yes." "They are related to the dog-bird. It is they that coo-ee and lead people astray J In the bush. You are to become one of \ them, and if you object you are to be j made a feast of soon. You must, if you ' wish to escape, do anything the fairies j tell you, and appear quite content. Ilani is told off to watch you, and see that you do not hear of the King's intention.- Do i not let him know that I have spoken to " you, and ask him about anything else ! that you may want to know." j The Queen woke Ilani up, and changed Alylathe back into his natural form. The people in the rpom seemed all to be talk ing, but the King silenced them all by a sign. I Calling ,,Sprmg, he told her to advance ' quickly, and bring out the wild-flowers. Sunset was told to follow the sun. Let it be a bright, but not so gay a sunset as last. Dawn had nearly the same or- | ders, except that she had tj advance be- j fore the sun, instead of behind it. Hope, Faith, Envy. Mercy, Mist, Dew, ! ; Malice, and many other fairies, good and bad, came to get orders. As the fairies | knew their work, they left the room. I You must be tired and hungry," the i dwarf said to Alylathe, when all the fair- I ies had gone. I "Yes," he replied. I Ilani led the way into an adjoining room, where a supper was laid. Alylathe i wanted to go home, but remembering what the Fairy Queen had said, wisely kept silent. ' "(To be continued.) 