FREE LOVE COMMUNITY. Public attention bu agala teen called to an Undeiirabl. religious aaaociatioa sailing them- . - ?elm 'Ito Sanctified Church' or 'The .'{S SancliBcd Band,' bf an atttck made by lodig- ? Uuat citiaens on a colony ef them on the b.nk-i 1 of tLe .^bow^ lUVrr.Aekr Hontroae. Koitb Carolina. Xiw 8ght, irbh-h Mocurred eoike days ago.reanlted ii) tbe;death «f one woman and tbe woundinc of several men, some ef tbem sen ousljr. - 41 The BinotiBed Ohoreh ' it one of tbe most pecalrar rsligioii# organisations in tbe world, sod is tbe only one Of tbe sort in America, The . ' ' teashingi of - tbe .leaders are' vrepugn.bt tp . (Lmerioap ideta and American customs, . and the latr lus several times inter fered to stop tile evil practiced done under the cloak Qf igligion. The Albemarle- ? (faction pT Korlh Cafollna is filled witb various colonies, all members of tbe general orgatiisn tiou of tbe 11 Sanctified Band.' 'i'iiey live in boats, which tbey call arks. Constructed .f rough lumber, tbese arks are merely h.use- ; ? *. boat®, nilh, neither sails, ioios, nor other means ' ; ? of locomotion . SouieUmi-s they are dragged up on the bai-k ahm it is decided to make a pro tracted stay. ' WLen lauoched again the ark drifta arouud^lesaponio piating ooatman gives J : it' a cable aad tbWa it to aomeotber town or landing. At more than one tows tbe inhabit* ants of these arlu hare been told, either by a delegation of oitixena or the officers of the law, that they must mijye, aad arefusal to hout anchor has multed in war. The a(ka vary in aire, but thev are all the same, la one end is a small room containing a oooking store and kituhen utensils. Here tbe food for tbe . inhabitant* of the craft is pre pared. Adjoiaiog ia a larger room used alter nately as a dining-room and meeting-plaoe, where public and private worship is conducted. In th» oilier end of the boat is another Urg, r roem uaed aa a sleeping apartment. Ho privacy i. giTeu Ihe occupants, and they aleep together,, . ^egardleai} of WX, »ge,i or relationship, 'ihe publie are freely admitted into the kitchen and assembly room, but no one is allowed to enter the sleeping apartment except those wbo aw .. saacti&ed.;? ;lt is a sort of boly of boliea re- served for the exclusive use -of members of tbe band. The diaeipliae of tbe Sanctified Churoft teaches tbat ao one ean go to heaven until ha or she bas beoo^n* Sanctified in body as sella) ' in spirit. Xhis aanetiQcatioa ' tains -place inataatly, and is not a matter of growth, and it renders the ' aanctifled ' persons incapable of aiu. This is explained as meaning thst nothing tbat a ' sanctified ' person does , is or ean be siafol. Acts whiohl would be wrong ia tbe unsanctihed art* perftctly proper when committed by those who hare been purified by this sanctificatioia process. They assert tbat a civil marriage 1^ no marriage,and that a jfanctified person canncA - dwell with tbe nn sanctified. Tbia logic ba4 caused bos bands to deaert wives and wives td desert husbands, &nd; the tetching of it bad betn tbe cause o! tbe' attacks made OU 41 tbe sanctified bands' by ? tbe dwellen) in tbe t.wns the baa da have visited* Tbe Sanctified Church had its origin eighD yeara ago on Chiacoteafcue Island, Accomad County, Va, Joseph Bareald Lyach, tbe nohesA man on tbe island, claimed to have been viaitedl by an angel during a trance, and to have been told tbat he was ' sanctified.' He bega4 preaching his doctrine, and soon had a numbed of followers. Another regulation of the .^iocfc-l Bed Church is the system of having ' fellow* watchmen.' This regulation requires eacbt male member and the wife of another memben daily to ' watch aad pray.' Single woment I are not allowed tu become ' fellow' watchmen.' *' The Sanctified Hand ' is b freedove society^ Ignorant Uea and Women. Even those wbo were most bitterly opposed to tile doings of tbe ' sanctified band ' went) te tbeir. meetings out of curitsity. If they had wires or children they came away with curses , if not, they departed with laughter and wenfi again. They were first amused, then inters ested, snd lastly converted. Three weeks ago things came to such a pass that the residents o t Chowan county made up their minds tbst| tbey could stand it ne longer. Word was passed around that a movement was to be mad$ against the ' Sanctified Band.' A great re-- rival meeting was scheduled by the 'Sanctified Band,' for Friday evening. Wood watt gathered for ?' watch fires ' and placed in greaQ heaps on the margin of the forest behind thit arks. The converted families liriag in thti region round about gathered at the spot early in the evening. The grassy plots were full og quiet groups, discussing sin aad Modification, the weather, and the peanut crop. Shortly after sunset there arose a soft hand-clapping in an open space uear - the shore ead off one of tbe arks. Immediately every member o9 tbe band rallied round tbe leader, a fatt dumpy men, with a-full moon face, and pretty soon the air resounded with a corn popping chorus of haad clapi. It reminded one forcibly of the calisthenics of a kindergarten It was not) applause, but a sort of preliminary hallelujah, Bightln the midst of it all there came the saund of m horse galloping along the dim trail leading from tbe upland, tbe crash of swinging branches, aud a broad batted ynung farmer, a late convert, dasbed into the firelight, shout-, ing, ' Clar out, you'nuB ; tbe onbelievers ia eomin'. . They'll be byur in an hour, and they're oomin' a shootin'.' Did Joseph Lynch and bis sanctified band flinch f Not a bit of it. When did ever a fanatic flinch at the approach of tbe galloping ghost on the white horse ? jfeoes went pale. and teetb were set, bnt that was all. '* The Lord's will be done 1' said one. ' God save, us I' cried another. Half a dozea men began to put out the fires.The women and children ran to the arks, Tbe eight families living over ie the pine flats hustled into their waggons and rattled awey into the woods. When everybody was os board the arks tbe four houselike struc tures were unmoored, and pulled slowly and labarisusly into the stream nutil they were fifty yards frem the shore Here the anchors wen cast, aud tbe sanctified haad waited for tho worst. The iromnn mm sffink «.nt ;nf„ »u. rooms ea tfie river side of tbe arks. Then as time passed on without incident, cdnfideqbp was restored, and the members of tbef Sanctified Band ' resumed their accustomed places. At tbe same time a dozen or more men kept watch, while the others slept. Tbtse mea crouched alung the little gangways at the aides of the arks as quiet as death. Inside they ceuld hear au occasional , fragmentary prayer from some of the women. On the east bung the dark wall of forest witb tbe moon floating above it like a ulver ball. The -whip-poor-wills were crying to each other ia tbe dsrk just a* t^ey bad called every nigWt since tbe arrivul of the arks. It . was past midnight, and tbe watchers ? were about to turn in. '? I gueas it's all a, mistake,' - said one of them. At tbat instant from .the forest there came tbe sound of breaking twigs and the mutmur of voices. Dark forma flitted i-long the shore in tbe moon*lac»d shadows, TLcre were smothered exclamations of suipiise aud disappointment. Then, after a brief pause, there came the rattle and crash of firearms and tbe loud shrieks asd eries of startled women and children. The bullets came ripping through the sides ef the ark without cessation. Theu somebody— a woman,. evidently— struck up a song. It was — ^ I will arise and go to Jesus, He will embraoe me in Hie arms ; In the arms of my dear Saviour, Oh, there are ten thousand charms. Tbe soag died away in a groan. The fusi* lade ceased. Raucous cries, curses, and threats were beard from the river bank. Then silence fell, rave for a sound of moumiag in tbe arks —a wail of prayer and of we«j-iug. The Caro lina Regulators had paid the first instalment of their ressntment in blood aod death, and one uf the best known of Joseph Lyncb's women converts had paid the penalty of conversion with her life. She was the Patty Watkios of tbe 'Sanctified Band,' so far as singing and enthusiasm went, and great was tho grief amoag tbe converts at ber suddt u death. Yet, not a word was said in bitterness againat those wbo bad killed her save that tbey xere 11 pore sinners and onbelievers,' 