, • CHEATED. ^^' - ' « \- A EIGHT FOE I-iIKB. Gilbert-Uoyd, in^ "Answers.") i {Concluded from last week.) r - ; That' night Sir- 1 Geoffrey was restless and anxious. He heard the elock in the turret above testable ring out'the hourof pne sharply. Then Than he llA fell foil asleep n r>1fVnn to .f-A troubled litXiiUI nja dreams. Sir Charles Stanton was. the- only wakeful person in the house. Although he Invariably- prescribed sleep to his patients, he was a consistent sinner against the laws of Nature inJthis respect, and seldom sought his couch %I1 well on in the small hoVirs of the morning. \- From - the depths of a . wonderful portmanteau he'had produced a microscope,* a vast array of test-tubes, and a bulky note- book. ;and . the early hours of the merging found "him with a cigar between his lips, deeply immersed 'in bacteriological research.' ' Ppesently he started violently, as-a sharp rap sounded alt his door. . "Are you awakev Sir Charles? For- Heaven's sake, come at once to Miss'Chat^teris!" cried a.voice outside. He sprang to the door and opened it, to discover Mrs Mantrap shivering in her dressing-gown." . "What is the matter?" he asked. "I ana afraid she is dying." Sir Charles snatched up a small leathern case and raced down the corridors of Grey lands to the Blue Room, Mrs Mantrap at x his heels, a good second. . . , , Miss Chatteris , was lying in the jrreat Tour<\--post bed, 'white and rigid, with a slight ifoam 'upon ,her lips." The great surgeon made no remark. He opened the leather case, and, producing his stethoscope, listened intently for a f<pw moments to the labored breathing of the inaminate figure. Then he turned back the eyelids, and peered into the eyes. "Will you kindly bring a light?" he said coolly, to Mrs Mantrap, who stood, pallid and shuddering, in the background. "When did you discover herinthisstate?" he queried. "Only five minutes ago," replied Mrs Mantrap. "I could not go to sleep. I was anxious about her sleeping in this horrid room, so I came to see that she was all right. . !'Um! And found her all wrong," replied Sir Charles. "Will you kindly hold the light closely in front of her eyes ? That's just right! . Thank you." He made no further remark, and gave no sign that he had noticed the sliding panel of the room was slightly moved, and that upon his patierit's lips was a faint blue mark—the death-mark of Greyiands Abbey: This he examined with a magnifyingglass, and found it to be a tiny punctured wound. He had seen a similar wound several times before, but never singly, for it was the mark of a serpent's fang.. . "She's fainted, that's all," he said, coolly, as, unperceived by Mre Mantrap, he drew a. tiny fairy-like syringe, from his pocket. .This he filled from a small vial, and pressed. it against the white arm of the rigid figure on the bed.. -Then this wonderful man produced another tiny syringe charged with a poison which, in unskilled hands, brings death, but which, set to fight against the ^poison of a serpeht's fang, brings life to the stricken victim;, This he pressed against the patient's arm. "Now, work her arms backwards and forwards—so!" said he. Mrs Mantrap, dishevelled, and with all her wrinkles and crow's-feet showing with uncompromising distinctness, did as she was-bid, and for an hour she and Sir Charles fought silently and stealthily for their patient's life. "The major?" queried Sir Charles. "Is asleep," replied Mrs Mantrap. "If he wakes?" "The major never wakes," answered Mrs Mantrap. Presently signs of life began to return, the fixed, rigidity died away from the stiff limbs, the natural hue returned to the blue lips. "She's coming round," said Sir Charles to Mrs Mantrap, who was heating water on a'spirit-lamp. Presently Miss Chatteris moaned and opened her eyes. "There! there! it's all right! It's all right my dear—don't be frightened. Here's Mrs Mantrap come to see you!" cooed the great doctor in his most soothing professional tones. "Just a fainting fit" he continued. "Only just a little fainting fit. Want to cry, my dear? "Ve-ry well, my dearie shall cry on the old doctor's shoulder. There!" Sir Charles sat on the edge of the bed whilst his patient cried heartily and healthily upon his shoulder. r "About as near a shave as I have ever seen," he murmured to himself. "Five minutes later, and she would have been dead! A snake,with a single fang, too!" Then he spoke aloud to Mrs Mantrap. . "She has received a severe nervous shock," he said, calmly. "1 am going to shift her into my room. Will you get things ready?" "Now," he murmured, when Mrs Mantrap had hurried off, "this is a big dose of opium for a little girl, but I daresay she can stand it." Another tiny syringe was 1 pressed against the white arm. "That's right Now you'll go to sleep, and I'll call your brother to help carry you out of tlus chamber of horrors," said the doctor, as the heavy head fell back on the pillow. At breakfast-time everyone bad Heard how Miss Chatteris had been frightened into hysterics during the night, and was indisposed. Sir Geoffrey was greatly distressed, i Mr Hogg was mildly elated. Had he not said that she would be frightened? Sir Charles, "wan and worn! with hisfight for life against death, had a great desire to kick Mr Hogg, but desisted. . An hour after breakfast he lit a cigar and walked round to the terrace that ran along the north side of the house under the windows of the ill-fated room. At the hollow buttress he paused. Then he dropped his handkerchief. As-be stooped to -pick it up again he marked how one of tbe stones was loosened in its bed. • ; In the dust were footmarks plainly discernible by Sir -Charles's keen eye. "The myisterious footsteps have left their impression," said Sir Charles, to himself. "The ghost wore dress-pumps, too, judging from the width, and shallowness of the-heel." Then-he returned to the house, to see his patient -He found -her feverish, but recovering rapidly.. She was greatly surprised to find herself-in Sir Chartes's room; also to-find a tobacco-pouch and pipe under her pillow. . . * ...•,'.•• \- She had no recollection of the previous night beyond having, lain awake in . the great bed of the Blue Room, and of having watched the piercing eyes of the cardinal's portrait "till. they, seemed to -have bewitched her, '• * 'You bypnotiseS yourself," said Sir Charles. "But, proceed -A little aftctr one in the momin^'Me r had "dozed ^oil,bat bad been awakened by }» slight istin^ng sensation on the lip. Then the terror of some unseen presence j jn the room had overcome her, and she could remember nonaoirt^' r j with this- information Sir Charles was forced^'.to content binaseafc, He sought his host, who was evidently "greatly ^^depressfed by Che* Incident. Un fact, the manner of. his inquiries left no doubfin the mitad of ihe ObseiVant goctor fchp-fc Sir Geoffrey •was jdeeply,in lovel • are -justithe-fi^' iof ' his dress-shoes!" fcls '."-•^TS'eTCr-"--®^ we'll see^o-nie^tT, \- ^ --JH-; • Next, night, sir Charles, with* a handfUl of «3garE, * riding-whip, »ttd a six chambered revolver, quietly sought the Blue Boom, d^d seated himself in tbe corner to await the ghostjot Greyiands. <?ne, fiwo, three! Tife stable clock tolft tWiuggxe.' / , , r -Sir Charles bad smoked ail the cigars .he wanted.) Be stretched bimself. on the "bed and began to doze. The gbost or serpent was' evidently not- coming tonight, but he would see the affair through. Presently be awoke with a start There -wa$ & faint creaking in the corner of the room. •- . • rat! * be thought Nevertheless, his heart began to beat violently, and be reached out for-Que reyolver-that lay bandy to tbe bedside. Slowly the sliding panel ground back, •whilst through the aperture a white figure crept into-the OTcm; - ... '"Click!" The cocking trigger of Sir Charles's revolver sounded loud in .the stillness of the room. * The.-figure approached tbe bed!. 1 {'Sir Geoffrey, by Georger-a somnambulist! "murmured the doctor under his brfeatb; '„ . ,.,.. • " : A fe.Tigbt' gleam ;of moonlight shone over the floor. • " >; ,>. As tWe.figTire, with outstretched hands and wide-open expressionless eyes, passed through the belt of Kght towards tbe, bed, the doctor saw tbe gleam of a large jeWel' on the middle finger of the right band." ' - > '• ' As. Sir Geoffrey approached the doctor slid cautiously over to the opposite side of-the -bed, uncocking" bis revolver, but holding the butt-encl ready for a blow;" Sir Geoffrey paused at tbe bedside. thr left hand strayed to the ring; which be twisted on his finger till the shining -jewel lay inward on his palm. •Then he pressed bis band -gently upon the pillow, and with -a deep sigh turned' towards ; the-'open'panel. ;">*' "A Borgia ring, by Jingo!" breathlessly murmured the doctor, as he peered cautiously over the edge of the bed after thereceding figure, "and an inherited unconscious tendency to make use of it." Slipping off his shoes, he waited till Sir Geoffrey had slid back the panel to itsformer position." ( . ' In two bounds be was across -xne room. The panel slid back silently, in time for him to catch a glimpse-of Sir Geoffrey's figure turning tl^e corner that led to the descending staircase. He crouched^ The somnambulist had paused.- . . Out of the darkness there came a clink and the "sound of a closing drawer, followed by a shuffling of feet downstairs. A minute or two afterwards a dull thud sounded up the stairs. '"He has dropped tbe stone!" exclaimed Sir Gharles. He ran back to the Blue Room, and? throwing up the window, watched Sir Geoffrey as-he walked slowly along the terrace in the direction of his own apartments. "He has left the ring behind him, and I must get hold of it" In-a few minutes Sir Charles came back in- the passage, armed with a chisel and a 'small saw. After some tapping and probing be discovered a spot where the woodwork gave back a hollow sound. "I suppose I really ought to find the hidden spring; they always do in the story books," be muttered, with a smile. "Anyway, here goes!" A few well-directed blows with hammer and chisel rent, the wainscot "Brutal, but efficient!" murmured the doctor, as he drew forth the 'shattered remnant of a secret drawer. A gleam of gold sihowed amongst the splinters, and wrapping his handkerchief over ,his fingers, the doctor cautiously lifted a massive signet ring. His next movement was mysterious. Passing down the hidden staircase, he lifted the massive stone that hid its outlet, and ran swiftly round past the stableyard. He bad noticed that the coachman's little boy kept guinea-pigs. In a few minutes be was back again, with a stolen guinea-pig tied in his handkerchief. Closing the stone gently over the entrance, and wrapping the ring carefully in an old envelope, he crept stealthily back to hii room. "He locked the door, and carried the guinea-pig into the light of the readinglamp; then, lifting the ring by its circlet, be pressed it upon the shoulder of its innocent victim. There was a shudder, a convulsive kick, and the guinea-pig lay dead upon the table. Through the magnificent sapphire with which it was set a tiny grooved fang projected. "H'm!" remarked the doctor. "Borgia, after all, knew a bit more than the art of fly-paper poisoning. I don't suppose that Sir Geoffrey, if he only knew of its existence, would object to my stealing this ring for the College of Surgeons.. In fact,. I am sure he would not considering that I have exorcised the ghost of Greylands Abbey, saved the life of the very charming girl he is going to marry, and have made up my mind to cure him of somnambulism. The rest is my secret" The doctor's prophecy was fulfilled. In a week Miss Chatteris had fully recovered from the mysterious terror of the Blue Room, whilst Sir Geoffrey, proud and happy,- announced his engagement to Miss Maude Chatteris, blissfully ignorant of the very existence of the fatal ring, which lay snuggly hidden away' in Sir Charles Stanton's portmanteau. 