Roundabout Notes. By Milboy. About five years ago the starting cimculty gave owners and race- goerseverlasting cause for complaint, as seldom was a day's racing got through without trouble at the post, trouble that often seriously affected an owner or the betting public. The intro duction of the starling gate at once put au end to had starts and heartbreaking delays at the post. ' A simple contrivance thus made the sport ever so much more enjoyable than it was when tbe red flag of the dark ages of racing was in vogue. Though the starting difficulty has been effectually got over, the same cannot be said of the handicapping difficulty. At every meeting one hearB discontent expres ed on many sides and rough things said about tho way different horseB are handicapped, when the late Mr. J. A. Scarr handicapped for all the metropolitan clubs the same ominous growl could always be heard by the deafiess, and it was then thought that the best way out of the difficulties that many laboured, or thought they did, under Mr. Scarr's rule was to have three or four handicappers for the different clubs in tbe metropolitan area, and after a while this wbb brought about, as we had four men working for different clubs at the same time, but still the trouble existed, and the growl was as vigor ous as ever. No doubt these gentlemen could have done much good had they been independent and self reliant, but instead of each taking a line for himself they, in tho main, followed each other, and no good results followed a multiplicity of counsellors. It is impossible to stifle the discontent that exists on all sides at the work of our handicappens by machinery as the starling trouble was got over ; therefore the powers that be should consider every legitimate means to make the very difficult task of handicapping horses as easy as possible. I fancy there was lesB discontent over the handicapping at the late meeting than has been usual, though the owner of Bethnal is not likely to subscribe to this opinion. When one or mere horses are badly handi capped the weight adjuster gets all the blame, though in many caseB he is not so much to blame as the rules under which he is compelled to work. Often in ordinary fields he has a lot of very had horses to weight, and to give any one of them a ghost of a chance he muBt sacrifice his top weights. Not one sportsman in a thousand would cavil at a good horse like Cocos or Le Var being put ia at a weight \hat they could handle totthe disadvantage of a lot of rub bish that ought to be more usefully employed in (talis or nourishing the animals in the Zoo. We will sup pose for the sake of argument that LeVarund Cocos had been nominated in the Waverlej Handi cap, one and three-quarter milee, at the late meet ing. Either could easily give Cravat a stone. Cravat was the top weight (9st 51b) in that race. To give Cravat and the others a chance with LeVar andCocos Mi. Daly would have been compelled to start his work at between ltist and, list, a weight under which it would be unreasonable to expect an owner to risk a valuable horse. If Mr. Daly started this pair at about 9st 101b apiece no sportsman wonld have blamed him, though it would have spoiled his handi cap. Cravat was the best performer in the Waverley Handicap, aud he received 9st 51b, which the han dicapper ib compelled to Btart with. Ab Cremona won the Metrop., Mr. Daly could do nothing elBe than place her next to Cravat, and her very fine performance fully entitled her to give Plntus 5lb. It is abont here where the handicapper's real trouble begins. On previous form he must make Flutus allow Charge fully a stoue ; but what earthly, chance could the commoners have against Charge at even a stone difference. The handlcapper had only one way out of his difficulty, and that was to start Cravat at lOat. Had he done so the growl would have been quickly converted into a howl To make his work presentable he had to devote the whole of hiB talent to his top and middle weights, and lump his bad horses all together on the 6st 71b mark. By putting these poor performers in together he ib doing some of them an injustice. He must put Lady Lee and Nevermore a few pounds below Charge ; therefore he had a narrow margin left between theBe fair performers and hiB bottom weights. He could not put Bellwood nearer thatf, 91b to Nevermore, and that landed the son of Goldsbrough among the bottom weights, among whom was The Kiss, and the sharps would always lay odds on Bellwood beating The Kiss and give' her 71b. All this leads np to a possible way out of such difficulties, aud that is the system of divided handi caps. Divided handicaps necessitate an alteration in tbe rules of raring. The suburban clubs would go in for divided handicaps to- morrow, but the Jockey Club xules forbid Jt. The Jockey Club can well afford to try the experiment. Had the Waverley Handicap been worth £700 instead of £400, and di divided, an entry nearer 50 than 24 would have re sulted, and in a divided work suoh horseB as Cocos and Le Vur could have entered and have had a chance, but under the present conditions neither could have had much chance, as they would have been sacrificed for the middle weights. Had this race been divided, Mr. Daley could have started at list 71b and worked down to Bombshell. Then the entry would have, been cut in two and the top weights lowered 2st, while the head of the second division would have been brought up to 9st 51b, and those below it proportionately. One big divided handicap on each of the A. J.C. days would, I ven ture to think, be attractive. They could be at four diBtanceB, thereby giving the majority of horses in training — good, jbad, and indifferent — a chance of distinguishing themselves. If once the Jockey Club take the matter in hand it will be well done, but in case they do not incline favourably towards the no tion, as far as Bandwick is concerned, they might so alter their rules as to allow the proprietary courses to try it, as the proprietary clubs and the V.A.T.C. have done in Victoria. The idea, advanced in this column some months ago, of a sort of appeal court against handicappers is also worth the con sideration of the A. J.C. If such were appointed thev would be only giring the horseowner fair play, and as he is the man who really provides the spott, he is worthy of more than mere passing consideration. Mr. Robert Peck, whom death claimed at the comparitively early age of 55 years, was one of the remarkable men of the English sporitng world. When only 27 years old the late Mr. Merry gave him charge of his horseB at RusBley, and since then, by keen judgment in breeding and selection of blood stock, Mr. Peck amassed a fortune not usually obtained by a horse trainer. In due course he practically retired from the active business of horse training and settled down on his magnificent estate, HowburyHali, near Bedford, where he bad collected together a number of high class brood mares and fine stallions, and bred for the yearling market. At the time of his death Mr. Peck was usiug such high-class stallions as Janissary, Surefoot,Best Man, Penzance. Haut Brion — now at Wilton Park — was selected for his shape and breeding by Mr. Peck for his stud, but Mr. Horderu's commissioner, Mr. M. Power, tempted the master of Howbury Hall, and Haut Brion came here to lord it at Wilton Park. After the son of St. Simon left, his stock appeared, and Mr. Peck wrote to Mr. PowGr expressing his regret at having parted with Haut Brion since soring his stock. The foundation of Mr. Peck's fortune was laid in September, 1871, when he persuaded Mr. Merry to give 950 guineas at the Doncaster sales for a colt named All Heart and No Peel, by Stockwell out of Marigold. His rather unwieidly name was changed to Doncaster, one of the best stayers of his time, and afterwards a stallion of great worth. When his racing days were over Mr. Peck purchased Doncaster for £10,000, hut im mediately passed him on to the Duke, of West minster at a profit of £4000. Mr. Peck trained Doncastcr's sou, Bend Or, when he won tbe Derby for the Duke of Westminster, but John Poiter had the handling ot Bend Or's stock, including the un beaten Ormonde, his sou, Orme, and lastly Orme's son, Flying Fox. Mr. Peck never tired of telling what a good lazy horse Doncaster was. He never won a trial, but, when the colours were up, he was a different horse. His descendants iu England have well upheld their worth, as have his sodb Russley and St. Leger in Australia and New Zealand. After raciDg in two hemispheres and returning to Australia iu condition that his owner considers sound enough to warrant another trial being given him, Paris has given tbe Australian racer an advertisement even bolder than many that have gone before, and now the seven-year-old Merman, with 8st 131b to carry, is regarded by the specula tive public in England as the best in their great long distance handicap, the Cesarewitch. On the top of this item comes the success of Maluma in the Pi nice Edward Handicap, a lace that Georgic won last year prior to capluiing the Cambridgeshire. Considering the few horses that have left Australia to iace in the old country, and the very large number of English horses they have bad to compete against, our horses hav,e done, wonders ; but apart from winning in their turn, their soundness and stamina must have struck the English, who look upon a five-year-old m training as something of a marvel. The hardiness and success of Merman, Paris, Maluma, Georgic, Newhaven,aud Form is very flattering to Australian breeders and all interested in breeding, and likewise encouraging to the former to see such a great market ahead of them. Before the signal successes of Merman, Newhaveu, and Georgic the English sports in South Africa would have nothing but English horses, and- laughed at the thought that a mere 'Waler ' could successfully cope with his 'cold country cousin. Many very decent horses have been brought from England to Africa, but they did not thrive there as well as did a few second raters that went from here. This fact and the doings of the Australians in England has not been lest upon many South Africun sportsmen, whose conservatism has partially rusted iu that free-and-easy country, and a friend of minewho is, or wa3, in the thick of sport ing folk on the Transvaal, writes to say that there will be a run on ' Walers ' when they are ' through with the Boers,' and things sporting again settle down. With India, England, and Africa to work, blood stock buying should be' a payable game iu the near future. In some quarters the export of our best horses is deprecated, but I think that the export of the beBt will do the country and breeders no eud of good, as theBe horses are advertising their countrymen in a very practical manner, and increase' the demand for them substantially. Many bewail the loss of Aber corn, Trenton, Carbine, Aurum, Newhaven, Mer man, and Co., aB stallions, hue their loss is nothing much to cry over, as their places can he filled for very much leas mouey than hM been paid for them. It is opportunity, that makes the stallion, as it does the thief, and the de parture of those mentioned will give others already here an opportunity of distinguishing themselves. Anyhow, a third-rate English stallion is most likely to be firet-clasB in Australia; the climate having some effect that seems to improve them to something much above what they -were in their own cold country. It is an unquestionable fact that the nearer we get to thecold country blood the better the animal. It is quite possible that Carbine would, like his dam, have been a mere plater had he been born and reared in England. The generous climate of this country has a deal to Ao with the soundness and stamina of our horsBB, tjut fresh infusions of the mother blood are constantly requited to keep up -a high standard of excellence. The first and second generation are usually better than the generations that follow, therefore it is probable that the climate aud feed have the same effect on horses that it has on the human family, that is, makes them sounder and hardier as the generations go on. but requires con stant infusions of the mother blood to keep up size and speed. The fact of an Englieh horse being a moderate stallion in England should not deter Aus tralians from buying him, as it is quite on the cards that he will improve out of knowledge here. As long as our breeders stick to their best mares they need not fear for the future of theii stock. The colts can go. Their places as stallions can be filled cheaply and probably better by the importation of English a stallions. Musket, The Marquis, and Tim Whiffler % were tried in England before they came heie, but ttiw'r English stock were not fit to mention in the same breath as those they begat in Australia— three 7 . , proofs at least that the change improved their streugth. From the Canterbury (N.Z.) 'Times' I cut the following : — ' The 4 straight from the shoulder * attack of the 4 Lvttelton Times ' on the management of the Canterbury Jockey Club's Grand National Meeting (so far as the programme was concerned) will doubtless give offence iu high quarters in Can terbury ; but all true lovers of au originally fine sport will welcome it as a refreshing and wholesome relief from the eternal laudation and soft-soaping which are so unremittingly bestowed on turf mag nates and existing management by the sporting re porters in this colony. Every word in the article is true, and every man who kuows anything— or even cares anything— about racing (as differentiated from gambling) knows it to be true. I am not going to quote much, but the fcllowiog is necessary to what I ? wiBh to say : — 4 We have been told,' .says the writer, 4 that when racing is confined to the chief cities it is better organised, and the gambling evil is controlled and reduced to a minimum. The great clubs like to pose sometimes as guardians of the public morals. But the whole experience of the past week shows that the club which professes to he the greatest of them all is just as anxious as the meanest proprietary club it has assisted to suppress lo encourage invest ments upon the totalisator. Its management of the Grand National Meeting is a good illustration of what it is doing for the promotion of legitimate sport.'' 44 A programme,' continues the writer, 44 that once brought together the fineBt specimens of cross country horses and the keenest admires of a spirited contest, has been discarded for one that attracts a score or two of speedy sprinters, a few half-made . hunters, and an endless army of inveterate gamblers. If the clubs wish to convince the pablic that their aim is to improve the breed of Horses, as their vener able formula runs, they will have to considerably mend then- ways.' The writer of the above desgrves considerable credit, for while every sporting writer in the colouy must have kuown and felt the force of all this for years, they have all of them kept their mouths tightly shut. Not only is the sprint race — especially the two-year-old sprint race — ruining the breed of racehorses, but sprint racing is encouraging every form of trickery, bl&cklegism;, arid black guardism which — despite virtuous denials.— still all too often disgrace race meetiugs throughout the colony. Ask any experienced race-goer what he imagines will win in one of these sprmt races, and he will say, 41 Oh, it's anyone's race in these short scrambles ; whichever gets best off will win.' Tbe only persons who reap the smallest true enjoyment or real advantage from five or six furlong races are unscrupulous owners, jockeys, aud trainers, and the great gambling riff-raff of the course. It is high time those who are m a position to declaim on tha^ matter did so, and I trust some other sporting scribe will gather courage from the leader in the 44 Lyttel ton Times,' and vigorously attack thiB undeniable evil. 