Tlie Sketclier. An Alpine Tragedy. Mrs. Leighton, aged 23. Lady Ciiiilworth, aged GO. Scene : The covered terrace ol the Hotel Biffelalp facing the peak of the Mat ?terhorn. (Mrs. Leigaton is looking through the hotel telescope at the peak of the Mat ' terhorn. Lady Chillworth (approaching) : What are yon looking at, my dear ? Mrs. Leighton : I'm looking for my husband. He is on the Matterhorn. Lady Chillworth : Ah, you're young. When you get to my age you'll find it wiser to look at your husband through the wrong end of the telescc-pe. \- Mrs. Leighton : I think I see liiin. Look. a tiny black cpeck against the pure white snow. Lsdy Chiliworth (after gazing at Mrs. Leighton quietly for a few moments) : Waat an eloquent description of you and him. Mrs. Leighton : What do you mean ': CXervonsly.) Lady Chillworth : Oh, my dear child, j you can't deceive me. Do you think I j don't know why you're making this dutiful display of interest in your iras. band ? Mrs. Leighton : But indeed, I ? j Lady Chillworth : My poor child, you ! kept your room all day yesterday, and ] I heard all that passed in it the night I -before last— before your husband left for the Matterhom— a most unwilling audience, I assure you ; but these for- j eign hotels, with doors connecting all j the rooms, like a public picture gallery, j are not safe places for husbands to make j exhibitions of themselves in. He's a brute ! Mrs. Leigaton : Lady Chillworth ! Lady GhHlworth (with rising indigna tion) : Yes, a brute. That bruise on your forehead ? ! Mrs. Leighton (colouring deeply) : I j fell against the chest of drawers, and^ ? j Lady Chillworth : He pushed you. I i heard him. I Mrs. Leighton : Xo, no — indeed. Lady Chiliworth : Yes, he did, and you. like the little heroine you are. fear- j ful lest the truth should be known, sit here making a display of interest and affection before all these strangers'. But you seem to have one devoted friend. Captain Thornton is ? Mrs. Leighton (svith enthusiasm) : Oh, he is such a good, true-hearted ? Lady Chillworth : Xo doubt of it, and j I'm sure he means well ; but I'm an old woman, and know the world pretty weD, and of the two, there's more danger io ! a young, attractive woman in a sympa thetic male friend than in a bad hus band. Mrs. Leighton : But Captain Thornton is a chivalrous gentleinan. Laay CMUworth : Granted ! And if friendship were possible between the sexes it might be possible with Mm ; i bat it isn't. I Mrs. Leighton : He is the soul of 'iaa- our. Lady Chillworth : -Granted again. But h~ worships the ground you walk on 1 Mrs. Leighton (eagerly, then checking herself) : Oh, you don't rh'nfr that, do you ? I mean I'm sure he ? Lady Chillworth : Don't try io deceive a woman old enough to be your grand mother. Do you think I don't know a man in love when I see -me ? Mrs. Leighton : But what makes you think he — he — cares for me ? jL.auj v.iuiiworiii : xiieres ik- auata.ii. ing tie look in Ms eyes. They soften tlie moment he sees yon. I have watched you both. Do you know what heart zxunger is ? Mrs. Leighton (feelingly) : Oh yes ! (Checking herself) At least, I scarcely think I know what you mean. Lady Chiilwortii (grimlyj : Quite right K^ep ilk-:- thai. Captain Thornton is a prey to the most acute form of heart f hu-ger. the hunger that gnaws the | hs-ar: of a man debarred by honour from declaring Ms love. A woman never mis^ takes that. Men think we don't know what they feel for us unless we show them we know it. Oh, my dear, what a mistake. I've been through it all. Mrs. Leighton : You ? How sad yoa look. Lady Coiilwortii (signing! : Sad ' I've a woman's memory, child, heartless oid worldling though I seem in the eyes of a world that judges by externals .' Yonr case brings back to me a memory of the past. (A pause.) Mrs. Leighton : Won't you tell me about it ? Lady Chillworth : There's not much to iill. I married young, an undisciplined girl, ignorant of what love meant. When i I grew to womanhood there came one into my life who changed the meaning of existence for me. I loved him with every fibre of my nature. Had he asked ! it I would have thrown every tie that bound me to the winds. But he loved my fair name aad honour before all else, and in the loneliness of old age, instead of a remembrance oi-zhe siiame iaai ; clings tor ever to a stained lit.'?, l nave the fair memory of a man's chivalry to live on. The woman who holds sacli a memory in her heart is not quite the heartless old worldling she seems. (A pause.) Mrs. Leighton (in a soft voice) : I am so sorry for you. Lady Chillworth : TSiere, I'm a silly old woman ! Don't trouble your young heart about me, but look to yourself. Few women are so fortunately tmfor- : runate as I was. Mine was an experi ence too wonderful to occur agaiu, so beware of friendship. Mrs. Leighton : But Captain Tlunton is such a sympathetic friend, and I look up to him and trust mm so. Lady Chillworth : And beware of sympathy, too— it is the overture to love Mrs. Leighton : But I am a married woman. We can't love — we niusn't. Lady Chillworth : Mustn't * The word isn't in love's vocabulary. Oh, there is Captain Thornton. See. even his good manners are severely tried at seeing yon monopolised by any one else. I fancy I saw the ghost of a crown on Jus face when he saw me. Good momlag. Captain Thornton. And don't yra in tend to do the Matterhorn this time ? Captain Thornton : Xo, I think I liave done with the iMatterhorn now, Lady ChSJworth. I have ascended it seven times. It has no more charms for n?e. Lady CMlrwortn : How man-like 1 Xo thing but the unattained interests yon men. WelL we shall meet at ta'ble-d*- hote this evening. I dare say. I am go ing down to Zermatt now. I nope to hear of the safe return of the mountain party when I come back. Good-bye. (Lady Chillworth nods to them, snd leaves them alone together.) Captain Thornton : And so Mr. Leijrs ton lias gone to the Matterhom after all? Mrs. Leighton : Yes, I tried hard to nersnsd^ hiui not In fr*» present itdte of aealiii 1 am sure he was. not fit to bear the fatigue. Captain Thornton : I saw nothing of you all day yesterday. , Mrs. Leighton (timidly) : Xo, I— I stayed In my room. I nad rather a dis turbed night You see. Mr. Leigaton started early with Ms guide for the*Mai terhorn, and a lot of other people went too, and the clatter and noise made me- wakefnL Captain Thornton (after g&stng; at her): How pale yon look, and— whafs that—a bruise on your temple ?. That wasn't there last time I saw you. Mrs. Leighton : Oh, 'it's really nothing -Bothing at aiL I— I feU-^it was my own fault I fell against the caest of drawers. Captain Thornton {wita great emo tion) : On, my God— he strnck you ! Mrs. Leighton (faintly) : Xo— nor-in- deed— indeed not. 'Captain Thornton {tarns away and looks out across the valley to Mde ils emotion. After a pause he returns to her, and, taking both her liands In Ms, speaks with an' effort at self-reetraim) : I am so dreadfully sorry fox yon, I— I can scarcely trust myself to speak to you : bat If ihe knowledge that yon have a devoted friend who would gladlv face death for yon is any help, hear it from my lips. Mrs. Leighton (looking np into Ms face wita tears in her eyes) : Yes, indeed it is a help, a great help. I cannot tell you how great. (She sinks down on to a seat) Captain Thornton (bending over fieri : You look so faint and ill ; shall I send for your maid ': ?Mrs. Leighton : Would you mind ? I will go and lie down again. 1 think. I didn't sleep well last night. (Captain Thornton retires. He ivrnrns with Mrs. Leighton's maid, and sae goes away to her own rooaa.1 'Six 'hoars later. Evening. (Captain Thornton is smoking on the covered terrace. Lady CMilwortb approaches him excitedly, and puts her hand on Ms arm.) Lady Chillworth : Oh, Captain Thorn ton— yonr poor little friend. Such a shock. Her husband ! Captain Thornton (starts) : What of him ? Lady Chillwortii : Dead, dead ! The news has just come — died on the Matter horn from exhaustion. He was a dread ful man, but still, he was her husband, and sudden death is always shocking. Captain Thornton (as if in a dream) : Dead — dead ? Imnossible ! Where is she :- Lady Chill worth : In my sitting-room. I broke the news to her. (A pause.) Come to her — come (laying Iier hand upon Ms arm). I 'understand. Captam Thornton : Has she asked for me ? Lady Chillworth : Could she ask r Come. (They enter Lady Chillworth's sitting room together. Mrs. Leigh ton is sit ting on the sofa. Captain Thomtofi eits' down by her. Taking her hands in his he draws her gently to him' and she bursts Into tears.)— S. T. S-, in ' Black and WMte.' 