SHOKT STORY- THE RIBBONMAN O'KEEPPE. Xhe fox must sleep sometime, the wild deer mast rest; An' treaohery will prey on the heart iv the best.1 sttavtth o'bbibn. D'ye see that slash op there in the face iv the mountain down apiece middle ways from the white oap iv the snow P Yes, that's it. Well, share its called the cave iv slaughter, and was the hiding place iv Jim O'Keeffe, the Bibbonman, in the dark time that's gone; There's a patoh iv brown rook in front ; and iv a summer's evening whin the sun is going down, behind the shoulder of the hill there, into the Itlantic, the last taste iv a glance he throws on these parts is on that slice iv rook and makeB it as red as blood. And the boys and girls coming in from the fields, looking at it, says, blessing theirsels and whispering : f Thp blood iv the Bibbonman is shining very strong to-night. May God purteot us from all hmt or harm.' Iv a bonfire night too, whin the boys are hauling down the furze and the bog aldher and the big bundles iv the heath to make the fire here in the borheen, and keep the blight off the potaty garden, I go bail there's not wan iv thim would put a bill-hook into that side iv the mountain for fear iv disturbing the last sleep iv tbe Bibbonman O'Keeffe and the false-hearted, beautiful girl who's there buried near him, or the sol jers who'vo their lodging till the Last Day in the bog mould iv Gorrin. Story is it ? Wisha 'tis the pityf ul story, and some iv the womin don't be in the better of hearing it, and will set up crying and ullagonin', which is the nathure iv the oraythurs. Faith, I hear me grandfather, forty years ago, telling it over and over again, setting down in the ohimbley corner, lighting his pipe wid a dhry potaty stalk to give a flavour to the bit iv tobacoy. Begor it's oitin it gev meself a shake thim times going up to bed, afterwards thinking and dhraming iv blood and murther and ghosts and banshees ; a young gossoon that had no sinse and was afeard iv the shadows the heel iv the fire was making on the wall. Be what me gran'father tonld me it all took place after the battle iv Vinegar Hill. Tbe ould cause was gone to the mischief, and the poo-- people was slaughtering be gangs iv soljers and Hessians who were tramboosing around the oonthry ating and dhrinking and murthern' be Marshal Law for satisfaction, and to quieting the Bebels, as tbey said, after tbe Bebellion. You couldn't call a horse or a cow or a hin or a haypnrth yer own, to say nothing iv yer sowl and body ; and the divil a snuff iv a oandle could ye light after nightfall for fear iv drawing tbe soljers to the house and they hanging ye for thrayson. Most iv the boys around this place that wasn't shot or hung took to the mountains ; living on the rabbits and hares and the dhrop iv potheen, and taking vingance whin they see the opportunity. Woe betide the Bed Goat that would dare to show his nose up the side iv Corrin. Manv's the party fight was in and around here, I can tell you, whin the boys would stale down wid their piheB in their hands, and take a gang iv tbe soljers unawares, and lave thim there wid their backs in the bog a male for the orows and hawks. Sometimes you'd find as many as fruit a dozen iv the soljers banging irom the three there beyant at the otosb roads, in the morning; thin the people knew that the Bibbonmen were out the night before. Sometimes again 'twas some dacent father and mother's child from tbe village you'd tiwd caught and hanged be the soljers, or maybe lying dead down in a drain or a bog hole wid a gash in bis breast, after crawling in, the oray thnr, for . a dhrink iv wather to aise the faver that was burning in his inside. The head of all the Bibbonmen was Jim O'Keeffe, a strapping man, I hear me grand father say, six feet in bis stouking vamps, and a carpentber be trade. He was tidy at settling the handles for the croppy pikes, and as strong and as courageous a boy as ever took to tbe mountains to strike a blow for poor. Ireland. God help us, 'twas little use for him in the ind. What between the soljers always oomin' , no matter how many you kilt, and picking off or hanging wan man this time and an other the ntxt time, at long last be came to have no wnn only himself, and it's up there abide he was in the cave wid nothing for company but his ould flint lock iv a gun. He'd oreep down sometimes, and whin the tbroopers was galloping apast on the road there'd be the report of the gun, and wan saddle weuld be a bit lighter, or maybe two if he got the chance, and tbe Sassanaeh sol jer would have a could resting plaoe on tbe side iv the road wid his orains in the ditch, for O'Keiffe conldn't afford to misB a shot, not having the powdber to spare. As for ketohing him wanst he had the start through the bogs and hills, faith ! you might as well think iv ketching the lightning. If hd got bis heels into tbe Bhaky bog they couldn't follow him because there was only one way through it, and they didn't know that ; and if you missed yer footing going afther bim, you'd be swallowed down and niver heard of again, llie shaky bog ran up to the foot iv the mountain there! you can see it yerself stretching away there beyant the fields. At length and at last the Government said, I Suppose, they'd stand it no longer, seeing Sll tneir soljers going for nothirg, and bate he wan man ; and, faith, they put out a re ward for O'Keeffe, dead or alive, and aint a half a regiment of soljers in the village to 'take him be fair means or foul, and find out where the divil' he was hiding at all. ' Howsomever, wid all the searching and ' 1 oross haokling and rewards, no wan would tell through the maces iv being so fond iv O'Keeffe, and hating the name iv an in former that runs down wid curses through the siven generations. Moreover, they didn't know where he was hiding ; no wan knew that but his sweetheart, Kathleen O'Moore— and shore 'twas the misfortune day for him that he had anything to say to her. Kathleen was as handsome a girl as ever stepped on the pink flowers iv the heath ; tall and straight as the mountain ash, wid a shapely face the colour iv the red apples in Autumn, and eyeB as black as the sloes on the blackthorn whin the first touoh iv the frost is hardening the heads iv the ourly cabbage. She was dairy maid up at the Great House kept in thim times he wan Mr Delany, a daoent man although a Brotestant and a magistrate to boot ; and he used to interfere to save the poor people from the soljers whin it could be done, whiob, God knows, wasn't very oftin. Herself and O'Keeffe were very great wid wan another before the Bebellion, and whin he took to the mountains many's the time heVstole down in the dark night to have a word, or maybe a kiss, from her ; running his neok into the halter for that same. Twice or three times in the week she'd slip out in the night time, or in the mists in the morning aoroBS the passage iv the shaky bog that he showed her, and bring up the mouthful of daoent vittles undher her cloak, or maybe the little dhrop to keep up his courage. People said that only for her he'd be gone away to France long ago in a ship than used to rnn in the keg of brandy below the rooks for the gintry, bo smuggling, and the divil a word said about the duty, thraison or no. The neighbours niver oared very much about the same Kathleen, she was so flighty and qnare in herself — always thrying to put on the airs iv the quality, and dhressiug herself up out iv all raison wid the gowns that the young Mistresses used to give her whin they'd oome down from the Gastle afther the Lavees, or whatsomever they call it. She used to say, she was as good a lady as any iv thim, and handsomer be far if she only got tho chance iv showing herself off. People thought it was very bad naythur iv her to be talking like that, and every wan in suoh a state of throuble and misfortune, through tho manes iv the soljers, and the hanging, and the stbarvation, and the divil knows what, that was going on at the time, and that 'twas no good luck she'd bring to Jim O'Keeffo in the long ran. The soljers, as I say, oome for the taking of Jim O'Keeffe, because the Government were getting in dhread iv him ; and the man who had charge iv them was Oaptain Lennox, a tall, handsome Englishman, wid his long boots, and his red coat all covered with gold lace, and a three- corner hat on his head, and a long eword hanging be his side. Oh, there's no two wavs about it, he was a grand man entirely ! He see a lot of fight ing, 'twas said, in France and Spain and other foreign latitudes, and was a regular divil at dhrinking, and all sorts and sizes iv raking and roguery; and as for the girls, the deuce a wan of thim iver sit eyes on him that wouldn't, climb the hobs iv Hell to get a smile from the Captain. He was stopping at Mr Delaney's house while he was hereabouts ; scouring the country all day for poor Jim O'Keeffe, and dhrinking and dancing and oard playing all night, and 'twas there he first sat eyes on Kathleen O'Moore ; and bad luck to him for his throuble anyhow. Thin quare stories began to be going around, about the Captain meeting Kathleen outBide in the grounds and whispering to her ; and her airB were getting grandher every day : and she was tying up hei hair like the young Mistesses, and talking Englifiod like tbe Captain ; and saying it's not the likes iv Jim O'Keeffe she need be depending on ; and people began to thrimble for the Bibbonman, and the foolish girl that had his life in her hands. All at wanst she dbropped off going next or near O'Keefe, and the talk about herself and the Captain got loudher and leudher. Iv course not a sowl dare to say ' boo,' for fear iv bringing the soljers down on their- self, and tbin 'twould only be tbe rope and the branch iv a three, and no more law or logio about it. Bo wan could see the Bib bonman, aitber to give bim the beck or put bim on his guard, not railly knowing where he waB, and in dhread iv being followed if they went looking for him. The upBhot iv it was that, I suppose he got tired iv being be himself all day in the mountains, thrying to snare a rabbit or stale on a plover ; or he was unaisy in his mind about Kathleen, thinking Bhe was kilt maybe, or in some throuble; anyways, he slipped down wan night, picking his steps wid no more noise than a shadow. He crossed the shaky bog, frightening the snipe, and thin went over the ploughed fields and across the road into the grove baok iv Mr Delany's house: He olimbed up the wall iv the deinasne as smooth as a oat afther a blackbird, and hid ing among the ivy, looked over into the lawn to see if tbe coast was olear, so that he'd give the ecreech iv the curlew three times, which was the token he always gave whin he wanted her to oome out. Just as he peeped in he see tho glitter of a goold uniform, for the night was beginning to get lightsome, though the moon wasn't due for another hour at laist He made out the figure iv a tall soljer crawling along the shrubbery, houlding his sword undher his arm, and poking bis way, afeard iv making a noise. O'Keeffe got a start whin be see this, and put bis hand on the long knife that he had stuck in the belt around his waist. But, no ; the divil a notice the other took iv bim, only stood ondher a three near at hand, and gave a whistle, and a couple iv minutes afther a woman walked aisy and quiet down the grass iv the lawn, and joined the soljer ondher the three. Who was it but Kathleen O'Moore ! The Bibbonman held his breath, and couldn't believes his eyes ; still, there she was, and sure he ought to know her be fore anyone else in the world. They were talking a piece in whispers, and thin they moved over near where he was doubled up in the ivy iv the wall, and he oonld hear what they were saying. ' Oh, Captain, jewel,' says Kathleen, 'I'm getting uneasy in me mind ; afeard we'll be found out. How is it going to ind at all P' ' Don't you throuble yer purty head, me darling girl,' says the Captain (for faith, it was Captain Lennox himself). They had more whispering, and the Cap tain Btooped down and kiBBed the girl. The Bibbonman's heart stopped, and he waB ketohing his knife wid a sevare grip. ' You know where the dam Bebel is hid ing, Kathleen, says the Captain. ' I hear be all accounts that he was a lover iv yours.' 'He used to be, Captain, dear, says Kathleen, 'but share that wes before yev put the comehither glance on me, and stole me heart from bim altogether. I don't oare now if I never saw bim again.' ' "Very good,' says the Captain, ' I'll tell ye what we'll do. I'm anxious to gee out iv this boghole iv a country, and marry you and take you over to England ; and it's the fine life and dhresseB and all sorts iv grandheur you'll have, and nothing to throuble you for the rest iv yer life.' ' And will I be with yer aquillsand all the grand ladies f says the foolish girl. 1 Aye, that you will,' savs the Captain. ' And it's a finer lady you are than the beat iv them. Howsomever I can't stir a peg until we ketoh O'Keeffe, and if you showed us where he was it's not long nor laiBy we'd be in surrounding him, and thin you and meself were off to England wid no wan a bit the wiser iv it.' ' Share, if I bethrayed him,' says Kath leen, ' it's hanging him ye'd be, and what would he do thin P I don't oare muoh about him now, Captain, but I wouldn't like to see him hung for all that.' ' That's the mistake you're making,' says the CaptaiD. ' He won't be hung at all, if you show us where he is. Out iv regard for yerBelf I'll spake to the Government and get bim only transported, and he'll be left out again afther a year to two ; but if we take him by any other means it's hung or shot he'll be without any purleying.' 4 And I'd be only saving his life to be giving him up ?' says Kathleen. ' That's all, says the Captain ; 4 and the day you do we'll get married and set sail for Ould England.' ' And suppose I was going to see him in the morning, whin the mist iB on the moun tain, and that you and yer men followed me, and found him out, shure, thin it wouldn't be my fault,' says the Judas iv a girl. ' That's exaotly how it would be man aged,' says the Captaiu, wid a laugh. Just thin the Bibbonman was loosening wan iv the top stoneB in the wall to send it crashing thro' ihe Captain's skull, whin, as bad luck would have it, it slipped away and down into the lawn, making some noise. ' Stop, stop, says Kathleen, 4 what's thatf ' Oh, it's only an owl, or a cat, or some thing in the ivy, sayB the Captain. ' How somever we'll see,' and drawing his sword he walked over and dbrav it in into the ivy. But the sou of the mountains, wid the feet iv the weasle and tbe sinews iv the red deer, swung himself olear iv the wall, and olinging his leg into a young fir three dhropped out into the grove, not stilting a lafe, as light as a bird. He walked ofl undher the threes without a sound and out ou the road again, and aoross over the ditch into the fields. Here he stopped for a pieoe, ahrawing hi breath hard and his head sunk down on his shoul- dhers like as if he was Rtuok wid a knife, and he looked back wanst wid a groan and wiped his eyes wid the sleeve iv bis coat; thin he walked away slow to the shaky bog. No .wan could tell the quare sights and sounds the Bibbonman see and heard tnat night. The moon was just olimb'mg tbe baok iv the mountain wbioh was all dark yet wid tbe rays shining out on aioh side looking like a big black figger wid two white arms stretching out to weloome home the broken hearted outlaw. As be passed undher the threes be tbe roadside the big owl that comes out in the night flapped her wings in his fbce. A moaning souud waB spreading in the tops iv the branches that shivered before it and began wailing around him, and he knew 'twas the Banshee singing the mourn ing keen for the last iv his race. While he wint across in the yellow light, he met the Foxy Woman that walks the ploughed fields in the Spring, wid he long shawl covered be ber red hair, and her oorpBe face and ber staring eyes looking at the moonlight ; and shure seeing her. manes sudden death. Going into the shaky bog tho snipe rose up wid a soreeoh, and whirled about wid the moon shining on their wet wings, and thin dhropped down again like falling stars (share his star was falling too !) : and slip ping up the side iv the mountain he sees the whith fog that the sou' -west wind was blow ing in from tbe Itlontio spreading over the land like a winding sheet iv the dead. Bat be walked into the oavo with a hard look on his face, and didn't mind the warning that his dead and gone relations were sending him iv his doom. Tbe place was all dark inside, so he strack the flint and steel, and went over to a corner and took up. a handful iv tbe 'boohaleen' that was lying there, and made a bit iv fire for himself, and he sat down on tbe stone overright it. ' I don't oare whether they see the fire or the smoke to-night,' says he, or whether - they lake me or not. Lave thim take ma - and hang me ; it's no heart I've for any thing else, only I'd like to strike wan blow fust. Ooh, she sowled me to the Sassanaoh, and share I'd have laid at her feet and given her me heart's blood if she only said the - word.' Then he took a pull at the 'potheen' (and shure the oraythur wanted it) and sat down on the stone again, looking hard at the blaze wid Dig tears running down his brown oheeks, and he snuffing and trying to keep - thim baok. He began afther a pieoe ham ming wan iv the ould tunes and bating time wid his leg agin the floore, bringing baok - the times whin himself and Kathleen were - danoing at the oross roads wid the light iv love and fan in their eyes, and Thady - Murphy, the piper, squeezing the bag and . blaating out the finest jig that ever woke np - merriment in boy or girl. Now and thin he used wipe the cears off his face and give a bit iv a moan, and thin he'd take a pull al ways at the potheen. By and bye the mist stole up the mountain and he sees it standing at the opening iv the oave like as if it oame to keep company with him in Mb sorrow, for they had spint night afther night together on the heath, and many's the time it rose and oonsayled him whin the Hessians or the Sassanaohs were Btaling on his thraoks. He mast have gone to sleep thin, beoanse- the next thing he sees was the bright morn ing straiming in and Kathleen standing in the fog at the entrance iv the oave wid a basket in her hand. ' I'm aftber coming, Jim,' says she, ' wid the bit to ate for yon. 1 wasn't able to be here at all, all the week ; and Jim, aathore,' how are you ?' He got np straightening himself and looked at her as she tried to smile the lie oat iv her face. 'I don't want it, Kathleen,' says he; ' I'll niver take the bit and the sap oat iv yer hands agin.' ' What ails yon, Jim ?' says she, notioing his dhrawn faoe and the terror iv his eyes. ' Heavsns ! yer hair is white.' And so it wbb as white as the fog that was peeping over her shouldhers. He walked ovor to her and looked into her faoe, and the big tears rolled down hie cheeks. As she looked at the splendid man standing like a 9tatue in oold despair, and see the tears trickling away, she thought iv the joy iv the ould times, and the way his footsteps in the borheen in the evenings used to make her heart bate, and then her treaohery to him leaped up blazing before her eyes, and her head bung down in horror and shame. ' Bun, Jim,' says she all at wanst, ketoh ing bim be the arm and thrying to drag him like a mad woman, ' rnn for the love of the Blessed Virgin. Yon'resould; the soljers is ouming. Oh, God forgive me! Kan, asthore, and save yerself ; I'll stop here ; shure lave them kill me.' ' No,' says the Bibbonman, wid a ton oh iv pride in his voice, ' I'll not run ; I'll stand me ground and die like a man. Ban P and lave you to be— — God iv Heaven — what ? . . . Ah, Kathleen ! you'll never kiss the Sassanaoh soljer again.' And saying this, he drew the knife out iv bis belt and dhruv it into her heart. She shivered and thried to spake, but the blood rushed out through her month, and she fell on the floore dead. He stopped for a minnit looking at her wid the same wild stare in his eyes, and thin . softened a bit and stooped down blinded wid the tears and kissed her forehead, for the blood was flowing from her lips. Thin he - leaped to his feet and ran over and took np his gun and his powder horn and made out. The mist was rising. He crawled over and lay down behind a big lamp iv a rook, oonsayling himself as well as he could, and peeped out ; there, shure enough, climbing up the pass was a body iv soljetB headed he tbe Captain wid his sword in his hand : urging thim on. They didn't see O'Keeffe yet, as far as he oonld make out, for they niver stopped. He waited until they oame witilin range iv his ould flintlook and thin he covered the Captain and fired. Down fell me bonld Captain, tumbling out iv the path to be made smithreens iv be the sharp edges iv tho orags below. The miu stopped and fired at O'Keeffe, for satisfaohun, bat 'twas no use. Tbey oame on agin ; he ficed and down goes another, and in this way they were advanoing and he firing and killing a man at every shot. At long last Mb pow dber was gone, and they were nearing and nearing. On a snddint he threw down his gun and stepped out to the front iv the ledge over- right thim. He tore open the breast iv his waietkit, and standing there he culled out in a voice that was heard almost down in the village : — ' Fire !' The soljers stopped. It was so on expected it gave thim a start ; or shnre maybe it was in admiration iv his oonrage ; for a soljer is a sol jet no matter what colour he has on Mb baok. Tbin they all raised their mnskets and fired together. "Whin the smoke riz they see there lying on the free mountain, torn and gashed to pieoeB be the bullets, wid bis face half turned towards tbe cave, the last mortal remains of the Bibbonman, O'Keeffe.- \- J ames MoCabb, LL.B. She observed thoughtfully to her com panion, while fanning herself with her favourite pink- covered paper : ' There is one - - tbing 1 cannot understand. ' Her Companion : ' What is that ?' 1 They always give thinking parts to the actors with the leaBt brains.' 