THEATRICAL NOTES. - (BY PLAYGOER.) It is well that the farce "Fast and Slow" is the last item on the Cremorne bill, for did it start the performance there would he nobody awake within the space of half an hour. Bob Bell yawns so naturally, and drops to sleep so easily, that his manner becomes more than usually contagious, and Somnus has been pursuing me like a ghost in the "slow" farce ever since. It is very appropriate to send everybody from the show ready for bed, but the management might mercifully recollect that some spectators have a distance to travel after the show is over, and it is scarcely safe to be too sleepy on the way home. The Cremorne Gardens have been crowded every night during the week. The playgoers collect there as boarders gather at the breakfast table - the sheer force of habit brings them along. Of course they like the habit or it wouldn't last. The players are all such favourites that the playgoers visit them as politi- cians roll up at a reception - they must do it to be "correct" and sociable. Mr. Frank M. Clark is the latest acquisition to the company. He is well known to all lovers of amusement, and therefore ail the better liked. He reads off a long list of hotel rules at some seaside resort in the midst of a desert; which rules I have often heard before, but he reads them with such a tone of novelty that everybody imagine they are as fresh as Bunbury butter. This is a great art. When a man can repeat the multiplication table as though that were the first time it was ever said, and he was conveying exceptional and original news to his hearers, he ranks high in the histronic art. As "John Bott's from Queensland," he can make up well and keep the audience in roars when they observe his broad grin and hear his contagious chuckle. His parody on "The Wearin' o' the Green" would lift the "blues" from any condi- tion of gloom. He soon established himself as a favourite, or rather ratified the position he has long held in the estimation of the lovers of variety business. Why does Mr. G. R. Jones prefer his music slow? "Love's Serenade" lends itself to some variation in tempo, and a popular audience likes to hear it. For general effect one maybe too techni- cally accurate. This nineteenth century seeks for "points," and it is nothing derogatory to an artiste to make them, providing they are made artistically and in good taste. If Mr. Jones had only a little more "go" in him he would find few superiors in his work. He has far and away the best male voice in the company, but he stands so modestly still and moves along so evenly with the music that his singing becomes sweetly mechanical - very sweetly me- chanical,- but too mechanical all the same. Had he some of Mr. Morriss' locomotive twistings and wing motions (softened down, of course), and had Mr. Morriss some of Mr. Jones's sweetness of voice - in short, could these vocalists make a little exchange of their qualities it would be decidedly better for both. Mr. Morriss' is perhaps a little too de- monstrative, and Mr. Jones not demon- strative enough. Mr. Morriss should subdue and polish his gestures, and Mr. Jones should cultivate them, if ever so little, for his style of ballads does not require much. This opinion also applies to the vocal emphases and expulsive articulation. La petite Dora was simply charming in her illuminated dance. She was an ideal fairy, the only thing that broke the illusion being the slight visibilty of the wire that supplied the electric current that surrounded her with a parti- coloured halo like blended rain- bows in shadowless gloom around the image of enchantment. With noiseless gading, graceful posing and dainty twirling on her toes, she flitted like a dream on the semi-darkened stage. She is improving, too, in her singing, and "I Want Yer Ma Honey" was far from being the worst item in the first part of the programme. I venture to predict great things for Dora Taylor if she keeps on as she is is going, with hard work and becoming modesty. The Japanese act of the Tylers and the wonderful cycling of the two " K's " are nightly marvels at the Gardens. Whatever else the show may, lack, it does not lack in versatility of talent. These performances would do credit to any city in the world. The Tylers are wonders, and the two "K's" marvels. Miss Ada Baker and Little Trixie did a very taking duet together, "There'll Come a Time." little Trixie introduced a skirt dance, and deservedly scored an encore for it. Miss Ada Baker's singing was all that could be desired, but the theme of "There'll Come a Time" seems to me very incongruous. Little Trixie is called away from her dolls to be told To think of all I've said Honour the man you wed, And not to run away from him like her sister did. But this is no fault of the singer. In the first part of the bill Miss Baker sang, most sympathetically, and with great command of voice and expression "Poor Wandering One," from the opera "Pirates of Penzance." Of the other items the charming duettiste, the Lingard Sisters, merit all the applause they receive, and they receive it without limit. Their dancing is graceful and so varied as to be ever fresh. Will Williams nightly comes in for encores, which he has to repeat till the exigencies of the programme compel him to stop. As the Second Edition of Louis de Rougemont Bob Bell sets everybody tittering before he opens his mouth to sing. The "double" of Carney and Cowan is a humorous item that never flags. Miss Ettie Williams dresses most tastefully, and sings and dances well, and never fails in scoring a recall. About the best thing that Mr. Tudor and Miss Leroy have yet done is their dancing duet, in which they dress as Roman combatants and execute a sham fight with swords whilst performing an intricate step dance. Last night there was a complete change of programme. On Thursday evening next the first quarterly entertainment of the elocu tionary pupils of Mr. Thomas Walker takes place in Jacoby's Bohemia Hall The programme for the occasion is a very attractive one and includes recita- tíons, gesture exercises and one act pieces, among which is an amusing farce written for his pupils by Mr. Thomas Walker, entitled "How the children played Hamlet" The senior pupils will play the amusing sketch, "An Attrac tive Young Lady." A double quartette party - members of the Fremantle Apollo Club - will render "The Chapel" (Kreutzer) and "Oft when Eve has rest restored" (L. De Call), and pupils of Madame Buck, Miss Densmere, Miss Elliot, Mr. Boyle and several other musical friends will render vocal and instrumental selections during the even- ing. As the entertainment is of rather a novel character, and the programme itself promises excellent reward for at- tendance, the Bohemia Hall should be literally crowded on Thursday evening next. A new place of amusement was opened at Melville Park on Anniversary Day. Mr. A. Franze (sole proprietor) opened "Bondi Pavilion" with a good company chiefly singers. Mr. Franze has not had the best of luck lately, and it is time something turned up to give him a lift along. At a special general meeting held on Thursday evening last in their rooms, Adelaide-street, Fremantle, it was de- cided by the members of the Apollo Club to form an orchestra in connection therewith. Mr. B. Jackson, so well known in musical circles, will wield the baton. 