crew savedjy a ghost. Mouy strange incidents uccur at sea, but nooo inoro so than that which befell Captain Benner, of tbe brig Mohawk, a small vessel engaged in the West Indies trade. Aftot'< leaving St. Thomas, hor last port of call, on ono voyage tho brig was steering a north-wester)); cuurso, homeward bound, beating up under short canvas against high winds ' ami heavy seaq following in tho wake of a hurricane which hod traversed tho tropics fivo or six days before. Her saptalu. who shad been srfmu hours on deck, wont below at midnight nfter directing the fira't officer, who was on watch, to keep the courso then stuored, and to call him in case of any chaogofortho worse In the weather. IIo Jay down upon a sofa in tho main cabin, but as tho brig's bell struck twice, became conscious of the figure of u man, wearing a green Bou'westcr, standing besido him in Iho dim light of the cabin lump. Then ho licuid the words—' "Changs your course to tlio sou'weet, captain." Uupuiti Benner got up and went on deck, where ho found that the weather had moderated and that tho brig was carry ing moro sail and making bettor headway. Ho asked tire mate on duty why he had sent down to call him, to which that officer re plied thut ho had not done so. Tho captain, fancying that ho had been dreaming, went back to tho cabin, but lie was disturbed soon again by a second viBit from tho man in tho g-icon sou'wester, who re peated his previous order and vanished up tho companionwny. Tho captuin, now thoroughly aroused, jumped up and pur sued tlio retreating figure, but saw no ono until ho rnobtho mute oii watch, who insisted thut lie had not sent any messenger below. Mystified and porplexod, Captain Ben- nor returned to tho cabin only to sco his singular visitor re appear, to bear- him repeat tho order to chaugo tho courso to Bou'-wcst, with ills added warning—" If you do not it will soon bo too luto!" and to see him disappear as before. Going on deck he eavo tho necessary orders for tiio chungo in tho ship's courso to south- wsBt, The officers of tho brig wero not ooly surprised, but also Indignant, and flually de termined to .scizo their enptnin aud put him in irons, when, -soon after duybreulc, tire look out forward reported Bomo object dead nlirml. As tlio. vessel kept on it was made out to be a Bhip's bout As it ranged ubeaui it was scon to contain four men lying uudur Ub thwarts, ono of whom wore a zrceu sou'wester. The Mohawk was promptly hove to, a bout lowered, and tho castaways tuken in. , Tho castaways proved to be tho captain and three men, the only survivors of the orew of d vessel which hud gone down iu tho hurri cane,' nnd thoy lind uocn drifting helplessly without food for fivo or six days. Thu green sou'wester 'was tho property of tho rescued captuin. A few days later when ho had re covered sufficiently, to bo' abla to Icavo his borth, ho was sitting one day in tho main cabin of tho brig with Cuptuiu Bonner. Ho suddenly asked his host whether lm bulittvud in dreams. " Binco I lmvo boon liero," he continued, "I havo been thinking how familiar this cabin -looks, i think that I liavo ucon hero boforo. In thu uigtit before you picked mo up I dreamed that I came to you here In this cabin nnd told you to clmngo your course to sou'west. Tho first time you took no notico of me, und I canio tho second time in vain; hut tlio third timo you changed your courso, and I wolco to find your ship ulongslda of us." Then Captain Benitor, who had noticed tho rcsomblanco of tho spcakor to his mysterious visitor, told his own story of that night. . . 