CHJAPTER IV. That night, after others of the house hold had retired to rest, I was burning the midnight oil, over an answer to the letter I had received from Doris, when I was startled by what seemed to me a muffled cry for help. I aprang to the door and listened. No one stirring, the passage was empty and sllellt I was about to return when a very distinct, low, sobbing sound caught my ear. There was no mistaking it: it came from a door on the other si le of the pas. cage. I crossed at once to the door and knocked. "Come in. Oh I do come in," cried a voice from the interior of the apartment. It was Adele's. " Is it you, Miss Westgarth 1 Did you call 1' I demanded. "Yes, yes." she answered. "Oh, make haste, make haste I" " Where shall I find the servants I Shall 1 call them ?" A muffled shriek was the only response, and convinced that her room was on fire, and that there was no time for ceremony, I burst the door and entered. The room was in perfect order, though the bed was thrown open, and in her dressing-gown against the wall, pale as a ghost, stood Adele, "Are you ill? What has frightened you ? Everything is perfectly safe," I stammered, looking round me in bewilder. ment. "Oh I No, no, no," she moaned. "There are hundreds of them. Oh I One is on me. It's on my shoulder. I shall die; I shall die." " I ran to her, knocked from her arm, and quickly despatched the cause of the trouble-an ugly black beetle. Feeling more awkward and annoyed than I can well express, I turned to the door. " I'll call the women," I said. "I thought the place was on fire." " Woo could have done it 1 It was Rape, it must have been I There's another- crawling-- crawling- over the bed Don't go. I shall go mad I" ! sprang to the bed, and for a minute i had a lively ti~e. There were not "hundreds "of the repulsive insects ; but a dozen black beetles, a small frog, a dead mouse, two or three spilers, and some fat earth worms rewarded my search. When they had all fallen victims to my zeal, 1 turned to her and said -' It is all right now, Miss Westgarth. I think you may consider yourself safe." " No, no; if you have left one, and it touches me, I shall have a fit. I daren't -I daren't be left alone," she panted. " Then leave the room," I said, feeling that the questionable situation was be coming desperate. " Here is your wrap, and here are your slippers," and I threw over her a shawl I had found on the back of a chair. " Come, put the things on, and run off to your mother." " Look in the slippers- there may be something in them." " There is nothing in them-nothing at all,' I insisted, turning them upside down. "Come now, lean on me, and slip your teet in, and then be off like a good girl to your mother." Trembling and sobbing, she did as I bid her, and let me lead her from the room. "No, not to mother," she whispered, as I struck a match, and lit the passage gas. " I'll go to Janet. Stay here till I get to her door." Then, like a flash, she left me, and darted away towards the servants' quarters. "That's a queer girl!" I said to myself, as I returned to my room. "Some women I know would call her frankly immodest. To me it seems that she hasn't a vestige of self consciousness, and that what they call her boldness is the outcome of her absolute innocence." "She is far too lovely-far too dan gerously lovely," I added, with an inward sense of irritation at having to make the confession, "to be secure with such slender safeguards as she seems to have." On the desk before me lay my on finished letter to Doris. I had broken off at an attempted description of Adele as a prettylyonag girl, with a strong will and a hot temper. With the vision before me of the slight figure in its clinging robes, the beautifully modelled little naked feet, the dark hair, floating like a cloud round the pale, oval face, it seemed to me that my letter, hcnestly written only a few moments be fore, had a false ring in it. It appeared to belittle the girl of whom I wrote; at any rate, it did not convey, as I had promised it should, the exact nature and strength of the impression she had made on me. Yet how could Isay to the woman who loved me, " The girl is very, very beautiful, she trusts me absolutely, and, though I am far from loving her, I own that her strange personality has-laid a firm hold on my fancy, from which I can not escape, atruggle as I may." The following morning I was up be times, and out in the garden, In the hope that the fresh air would dispel the effects of an uneasy night. As I rounded a hedge of arbutus at the bottom of one of the paths, I came upon a strange group. iliss Boehn-the ' angular governess, Rupert-the cause of last night's trouble, who was blubbering loudly, and Willie the youngest of the family, a flabby, blonde baby, not yet breached, who stood by with the air of a juvealle philosopher, placidly socking his thumb. "Don't cry, Rupert, you really must control yourself," Miss Boehn was say ing. "You've brought it on yourself ; it really serves you right-though, of course, I don't extenuate your aisters conduct in the least. The rabbit is dead; it's not a bit of use making such a Infuss." "What is the matter, Miss Boehn ?" I inquired, stepping forward. "Oh I nothing," she answered. "Miss Adele has poisoned her brother's pet, and Shave contined her to her room, that's all." "Then I think you might have con sulted.me first, Mias Boehn, said a sharp voice behind us, and Mrs WVestgarth-her corpulent figure trembling with passion, her face unbecomingly pink.-pushed her way into the group. "I am the person to punish Mis Adele when she requires it." "I thought you wished me to save you the responsibility," responded Miss Boehn, with acid humility. " No, I don't," was the curt response, for Mrs Westgarth having once been a servant herself, was now a very haughty mistress. "I like to be consulted in my own 'onse. Come along, Willie I If Mliss Boehn can't teach your brother better manners, I shall have you contaminated next," and Mrs Westgarth, dragging her youngest born by the wrist, marched off, leaving me with Rupert, his governess, and the carcase of the poisoned pet. As for me, my employer's wife had only deigned to favor me with a short nod, and seemed to desire to avoid any conversation on the subject of last night's adventure. "I suppose she will reverse my judg ment," said Miss Boehn, cynically. " She always does ! What is your opinion, Mr Langton. Is a tew hours' solitary confinement too much for having poi soned a harmless creature 7'' "It is not for me to express an opinion, either on the exercise of your judgment, Miss Boehn, or on Miss Westgarth's conduct," 1 answered, irritably, as I turned away. In my own heart 1 know that the governess was in the right, and I had been guilty of rudeness towards her. What I did not know was what to blame for my irritation. Was I angry with Adele for her monstrous cruelty, with Miss Boehn for having punished her, or merely with myself for caring about it one way or the other. For the life of me I could not tell; I only knew that I was in an evil humour, which lasted all the morning. Just before lunch I came upon Adele in the hall, but I deliberately turned my back upon her. " The less I see of you, lMiss Cleopatra cum-Marie de-Brinvlllers, the better," I said to myself. Our meals were never inspiriting fanc tions, for Mrs Westgarth's idea of gentility was the silent table ; moreover, she was in a bitterly cantankerous mood to-day. The whole party was, therefore,. under a cloud, when Willie, the baby, laid himself out to edify us. "Oh! er-isn't we going to have the thabbitt fo' dinner 1" he demanded, when a leg of mutton made its appearance on the board. "No, of course not, Willie," replied Miss loehn. "It would not be fit for food " But we does have thabbit sometimes; and I likes thabbit " " Not poisoned rabbit, Willie. No one eats that." Willie pondered the situation, and helped his feeder to a liberal supply of gravy. " Does poisoned thabbita go to heaven 7" he demanded presently. "Of course not," from Miss Boehn. Willie sucked his empty spoon and apparently extracted a new idea from it. " Does people what poisons 'ittle thabbits go to heaven 7" Mrs Westgarth could stand it no longer. "For goodness sake, bMr Westgarth, do keep order at your table," she cried. "Be quiet, Willie. I'm sure I beg your pardon, my dear," he murmural, for except on the question of money, he gave way to her in everything. Willie, however, feeling himself ag grieved, began to snivel, and his mis guided father surreptitiously handed him an orange. This gave Mrs Westgarth the opportunity of punishing others for the chagrin she herself was suffering. "Mr W. I" she cried, "you surprise me I If meals are to be conducted in this way, I shall leave the table," and she sprang up. As she passed her, Adele caught at her frock as though to hinder her progress. "Don't talk to me, my dear," she said, thought not a word had been uttered by herself. " If you father would treat all his children properly, instead of pam pering one, and persecuting another, my nerves wouldn t be constantly shatttred by the constant goings-on in this house." and she swept from the room. Mr Westgarth's brow darkened, as his eye fell on his daughter. " You do well," he said. "to seek favor with your mother. You always have been, and I suppose you always will be, the cause of all the trouble in this house." And with this unjust and un fatherly speech, he, too, rose and left the table. About an hour later I saw the two boys emerge from the house and take up a position under one of the shrubs. Raope carried a spade and a chocolate box carefully closed. Willie had a clean towel tied round his neck, and carried a school book upside down. It was evident that they were about to celebrate the obsequies of the rabbit. They had reached a very "interesting" portion of the ceremeny, when Adele stepped out on to the lawn. "Come 'long ! Come 'long, Adle," exclaimed Willie. "You is just in time to see the good bye, deader I Gory-lally-youyer! " "1Never mind that," she replied, "come to me, Willie, I want you." " Hold the book straight, and go on," yelled Rape, dancing round the grave. Adele was holding out her apron full of cherries, and Willio, one hand fall of mould, which he had been about to drop on the coib, the other tugging at the towel round his neck, was edging nearer to her. " Yah I you ninny, and shoe'll poison you." shaouted Rupert, enraged at his brother's desertion of him. "Look out ! Yon're done for. She's got you." At that moment Adelo had caught the boy's wrist to draw him to her; and he, alarmed by his brother's warning, set up a piercing howl, wriggled like a worm, and flung the mould and pebbles right into her face. The next thing I knew was that she had flung him from her with a pasrionate exclamation, and, entangled in his mock eurplice, he had fallen on to the edge of the spade, laying open a nasty wound on his temple. To get him up in my arms, carry him through the house, across the waste land and the high road into an adjoining dispensary, seemed the work of only a moment or two. The cut was a very ugly one, and close enough to the eye to show what a narrow equeak he had had. "I am taking up the duties of general factotum with facility," I muttered to myself, as, after getting himn stitched up, I bore him back to his family, who had only just been informed by Rape of the calamity. Then leaving him to the tearful caresses of his mother, I returned to my oicial duties. In saying that I returned to my duties I am hardly correct. I returned to my office, truly; but quiet work was still impossible for me. As I opened the door, I became consclon that I was not alone; there on the rug lay Adele, face down wards, her long hair falling in torrents around her, trailing across the linoleum of the small room, almost to my feet. Again that strange feeling of pity for her for which I loathed myself, crept over me; but I fought against it. "Get up, ~liss Westgarth," I said, "you can't lie there. The boy's all right now; a scar he will carry for life will be the only souvenfr of your day's work." "Thank Godl Oh I Thank Godl" she panted. "I did not mean to hurt him; but I was mad with anger, and when It comes over me, I don't know what I'm doing. Oh I Mr Langton, say that you believe I did not mean to hurt him." "Perhaps not," I answered, "but a person who could take life in any form to satisfy revengeful feelings-" " MAr Langton, I did not kill the rabbit." She had drawn herself up, her elbows on the seat of the office arm-chair; her eyes so strangely bright, in spite of the tears quivering on their long lashes, looking wistfully into my own. She, so careless of the opinion of others, that, if what she said was true, she had willingly allowed them all to think her guilty, seemed pleadir.g almost for my esteem. What wonder that, being only human, I found it hard to resist her, although I know that her very eagerness to reha bilitaie herself in my eyes was in itself a fault. " Why did you not deny it then 1" I demanded, still speaking sternly. " I couldn't; It was Willie who did it; I only took the poisonous stuff away, and RIpe saw me, and said It was my doing. I did not mind, I did not care, until you turned your back on me." " Was It altogether my fault?" I asked. " You had taken on yourself the blame of a hideous and unwomanly act-a mean, low, spiteful act, it seemed. How was I to know that you were innocent ? " " You might have known," she whis pered. "I would never be ready to think ill of you. Then, father made my black mood worse, he always does ; watch him, and see if he can bear to have me touch him; and Willie himself turned against me-Willieo, whom I meant to shield, and I was mad with rage, and oh I oh I I have hurt him more than Rape would have dared to do. [-- might have killed him.' Down went her head again on to her arms, and she sobbed again. "Hush I Hush I" I said, laying my hand gently on the blue-black tresses. " I understand you were sorely tempted, and you lot the painter go. Self-sacrifice is a beautiful thing, but very few of us are able to carry it through to the end." I was trying to assume the position towards her which she seemed to give me; to regard her as a mere spoilt child to whom I could adopt an almost parental style ; but I made a mistake, I innocently fanned her strange affection for me, and drew her nearer in my efforts to put her off. "You are sorry for me now," she whispered, " though you know just what I am. I am too much loved and too much hated in this house ; and I'm not to blame for either, though it makes me wicked but you will be my friend, won't you, and not think ill of me again till you know that I deserve it 7" " You need a friend," I said, thought fully (with such a mother and such a father what girl would not ?) " but that friend should be a woman." " Why ?" Again she was on the edge of that question. ! could nct discuss it with her. " It would be better all ways," I an swered, evasively. "You know the lady you saw me with at Hastings 1 1 should like her to be your friend. Some day, perhaps, it may be managed. Go now, my time is your father's, and I am wasting it." Her face was radiant with smiles again. "Ask her," she said, softly. "Perhaps if I had such a friend I might tell her the things that trouble me, and she would set me right." I set no store by her words then; they seemed to refer only to the fancies of her imaginative mind. I little knew how very real was the problem she--morally so ill equipped - was struggling with alone. lead I never felt the fascination of her beauty, doubtless I should have carried out my own suggestion, taken Doris into our mutual confidence, and so in all human probability have averted a tragedy; but at the time, when I thought it over, it seemed unfair to Doris, cowardly on my ,own part, to seek to place her between us as a bulwark for my weakness, and so I let things drift towards the rocks ahead. (To be Continued) 