HIS ENEMY'S DAUGHTER PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT! 2EB2p- ESaEpats-fSis-fc 'Author of "The Fosslcker," "The Lover's Quest," "The Kloof Bride," "The Lost Heiress," . "A Fair Colonist," &c.;, &c.; " COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XVII.-riUontinnod.)' "That Is right; there Is plenty of time be fore tyou, and with your permission I will occasionally wutch your progress. Now let us go back to breuktast. niiil if you will take my advice say nothing about this sun-dial to anyone, otherwise your duties may be hin dered,'! . . Mr. Mllcerit, walking with hunds clasped be- -hlnd him and berit head, "that Is why Fevdl- ' nand did not wish me to climb iliat pyramid. ' :ho has studied the signs and obliterated them for Ills own purpose. Very well. if . lie will ; play for. liis own hand against me it will be ' just as well If I know the value of bis cards." As they neared the quinta Captain Gomoz came fdrwnrd to meet tliem. - "I have news of the Sonor Elmore, .your Ex cellency." "Well?" . "He is with El Demonlo in the Montana; and they have assembled a band of Indians, who have already danced the war dance." "For W'lmt purpose have they gathered?" "Why? To attack your Excellency." "They must have short memories, Gomez, to have forgotton so soon the lesson wo . taught them. You look disturbed. Are you afrald they will not tight?" . > "I tell your Excellency that he whom mon call Bl-Demonio is with the Indians,"' . , "Is he a person of importance then?" "He Is nn Indian— and yet not an Indian. They say lie is.of the Incas, and that his word is law among the savages.'' "I thought we had heard the last- of the i Incas," said the Colonel, with' a dark look. Gomez glanced down as the Colonel passed bis hand over his eyes. / "What, 'sort of mun la this Indian leader? I? he old?" "He ,1s young; but though young he Is old in cunning and terrible In his. hate. Surely your Excellency 'has heard of the man . who has hunted down and killed five of our band lri so many years— five, out of six?" : "And who Is the sixth, Gomez?" "I am that one," Bald the Captain quietly, while his dark- eyes for an instant examined the other's face. . - , ' "You, '.Gomez?- Is there then anyone .so. rash as td seek your life? And why should he single out six?" i ! "Why? Oil, sacred Mother! Why?" said Gomez; lri hollow tones. "Does your Excel- lericy wish to know?" The' Colonel started. . . "Speak!" he commanded harshly. "ThcrS were six who took the lady and her hoy Into the woods. I, am the sixth." The Colonel went grey. Then he straighten- ed himself, saying quietly: , ' "Not six, Gomez. There were seven, and I who gave the order em the seventh. If he seeks your life, he must, with more cause, seek mine." ' "Your Excellency says It, and so it Is, I would advise humbly that a troop be sent forth into the Montana to disperse the In dians and seize this man." ' "Why seize him?" 'Would your Excellency have him shot? He Is a young man und hundsome, and great in Spirit. He might ilo service for.' your Ex cellency, us iris lcnowlfi Igo of the country and the old people who lived hero Is greater than any man living." "It was not my wish to make war on these people, Oomez. But If I must fight, under stand I will make no prisoners. If you deal leniently with them they never recognise you as a muster, and will attack again, ' Send out spies at once to watch their movements, and get ready twenty picked then. I will lead them myBelf If thoy advance, and .put. an end once for all to their schemes."' "It is .the will of God," muttered' AJomez. as he saluted and went slowly, to the toldos. On the verandah of the quinta was Mr, Fer dinand .Bmoltlng the Inevitable (fclgar. ' "Hah! Colonel, been up early? Judging from your expression It does not seem to have agreed with you." . ' - ' "No. There ls; some— treachery on 'oot. I find that' an Irica tracing h«B been disco-. , vered by someone, probably, copied by him and the original obliterated. The design may Have given the clue we want." "You surprise me." '."'11- may surprise you a great dial., more, when I tell you that the -.Uslgn wns on the top of that pyramid you always iissfirtde.l rtie from Investigating." '.'Really I I must look into the nmtte:." "Don't trouble," said the Colonel, with a look of dislike and suspicion. "Mr. Mileer.t will restore the -design, and I Bhnll expect, you to give him every assistance by leaving! him undisturbed,'." , "Am I to understand from that you have let Mr. Mllcent Into our secret!" "Don't take that tone with me. Ferdinand. I am managing the affair this time, arid nil I require from you Is goo.l faith. As regards the secret, It Is known only to you and me." "I am glad of that," said the othc-r, with a , sneer, "for last night MPs Duncll ivo put ting to me several leading questions nbcu.' the existence of burled treasure in this valley, and I conclude I must attribute that to fend- nine Intuition. By the way. Ucir.ez has no doubt told you that tne Indians ate moving " "Ho has, and it occurs to me. Farilnand. that you had bettei lend a troop oi our men ' against them." "Thanks, very much. -.-But I have- no desire, to /enter -the -Montana, st'.ll less since, you have . provided me r with such' charming so ciety; arid though -Marian is not very gra- 'elous, yet V prefer., her .In her' most chilling mariner to the; chance of meeting El Ee- .monlo." . , "What, 'ore yoii,', too,'; afraid of tlie scoun drel?" and the Colonel vaised hls 'eyebrows; . "Afraid Is ratheiva. strong word, ,'jiy Colii- nel; but since ydu .put It In that.; light, A admit I am afraldiof. that scoundrel, as you justly eall hii.i, and I say that no man who has met lilm. or heard of his deeds, can bo other than afruld." ' Colonel Colston-smiled, . "I tnlnk,". he said, ."I had better meet the demon myself." .' . Ferdinand started, and for an Instant 'a lcok of triumph flashed from his dark eyes; to be succeeded by an expression of horror.' ' "Don't!" he said; feebly. "I would rather- go myself,".. "What do you mean?", said the. Colonel: sternly. "Gomez'trled to' dissuade me; Have you got the. Impudence to think that I have passed my fighting dayB?" : > "Heaven forbid;"- Bald the other, with a ghost of a siriile,' "but we want you here.'' "You want me'jhefe," repeated the Colonel, with concentrated bitterness! "I do not think you would regret very much If you were left In the sole enjoyment of the valley and all it holds." ; V : "Think what you like, Colonel Colston, but believe that I am' doing you the best service a man could In warning you against meeting that Indian in battle." "Were he the foul fiend himself," said, the Colonel, coldly, "I would face him now." He turned on his heel, paced with a Btiff, military stride to the gale, and beckoned to Gomez. , "Captain Gomez, are you sure of your In formation about the Indians?" "Yes, Excellency." "How far off are they?" "Two days' march, no further; due south." '"Have twenty men In readiness, with three days' rations, and fifty rounds .each. Ar range also that Lieutenant Pedro follows to morrow with extra ammunition. Tell him where to rendezvous, and: take two runners to keep him In touch.'.' "A good 'place. for. hirii to hold would be the second pajnale In the forest, where your Ex cellency shot tlie'jdguar." "Let It be so." and the Colonel stroked his grey moustaches, "I was a younger man when I killed the. jaguar, i doubt whether I am not too old for. that work now, Gomez." and he glanced at the Captain through half- closed eyelids. . - "Your Excellency's muscles are of Iron, and your eyes have riot lost their keenness; The men were saying so.-'in ,(he night. Thoy re membered that your' ridme wns 'El TIgre,' and the. tiger grows more terrible with age." "Well, they . wilt have an opportunity of judging. I will lend them myself. Eh? What are you muttering?" "I wtts thinking," said the Captain, fldget- tlng with Ills bunds, "that J. may he mistaken about the ludlons, and.it would bo a pity to take your Excellency Into tho forest so soon." ."Come, what is your real reason?" Gomez loked up .with a troubled glance. "It Is my place to meet El Demonlo first." "Be ready with your men; hi an hour's time." And the Colonel stalked away with a, look of high displeasure. ' ' As lie took his place ut the breakfast table a little voice challenged him- with a question.. "Have yoii found my bruvver yet, like you -said you would?" He looked at tlie sniail brown face for a 'moment until the large' eyes dropped uudei' the hard stare. "Not yet, little man, but I am going, to look for lilm to-dny.". "Are you going- to leave us?" said Miss Dimell, "already?" , "Only for a-few days." ' "What a relief!" murmured Mrs. Mllcorit. "It is 'no light business," said the Colonel, after a steady look at the little lady, "Mr. Elmore Is In the hands of hostile Indians." "In the hands of the Indians! Indians. Do yon mean savages?" "That is right. Miss Dunell. I would be glad of your powerful aid to prevent Ills going on the expedition," said Ferdinand, with u meaning look. "I. do not thlnlc It would he right to hlB vlBltors If he went," she said, with great dls- 'pleasure. "I am sure Miss Colston will sup port me?" "Perhaps you did not hear." whispered Marian, "that Mr. Elmore's life Is in dan ger." . . "But your father' — " began Miss Dunell, and stopped. "My father Is responsible for whatever danger Mr. Elinoro may bo In," and the daughter fixed her glance on her father's un moved face. "I shall leave," said the Colonel calmly. "In an hour, and shall be 'bark within six days. There is not the slightest shadow of danger to anyone of you here, and Mr. Ferdinand will, 1 am sure, more than compensate for my absence." Ferdinand's gaze went' involuntarily to Miss Dunell, who sat with a slight frown. ' "I will do my best," he said with a bow, and he left the room. Tlie others withdrew, too, leaving the Colonel ulone with her. "Is Mr. Elmore's life really In danger?" she asked. "That depends upon himself." "Please explain." "If lie returns with me It will be probably as a prisoner. If he does not return it will be because , he resisted by force," "Am I to gather frum that that ho Is u friend, and not a prisoner of the Indians?" "That Is the case." "Then," she said, "why not leave him alone with Ills friends? Can you not see that It would he extremely disagreeable for us to meet him here as your prisoner?" ' "Ah, my- dear, I rely upon you to win him back to friendship. His engineering skill may prove of groat value In the eml, nnd I really have no wlBh to harm him," "Do you'know," she said, steadily, 'That ho proposed marriage', to .me?" . , "I guessed as mttoli," . "And tliat I gave hjm some hope?" . ! "That will make him more amenable to rea- : son." said the Colonel, with a cold smile. "But;" she ddiied, while me colour (lushed lier cheeks, "consider the'posltion you will' place me In." . "What does it-matter? Elmore Is merely an incident to be encountered, dealt with, used to our advantage, and— forgotten," "If that Is how you value the' happiness of a man who has served you," sho said, studying bis face closely,'"! worider'how you regard me; and for what purpose you did me the honour to ask me for your wife?" "It Is I who am honoured," said the Colonel, gravely. She Bmiled softly, and Iter voice wus low as she replied, "If 1 find, or BUBpect, that you are using me in this matter for some purpose of your own, to keep my uncle here, or to win over Mr. E1-' more, I will do my utmost to defeat your schemes." "I can well believe it," said the Colonel, "but I will give you no cuuso. What would you think, should I loll you that I am going out- Into the Mgntnna against the Indians, to prove to myself und my men nrid to you, that I have lost none of the skill, or the hardihood, or the endurance of my youth? It Is folly, perhaps, but all love is folly. Come," he ad ded, with a glow I11 his face that made him look young, "give me some favour to wear." . "Mnrlnn," he snid, beckoning to his daugh ter. who had looked In at the door, and wns retreating with an expression of mingled amazeiricnt and anger on her face, "you have heard of the mnn called 'El Demonlo; tell Miss .Dunell what his reputation Is." "His reputation," said Mai-Ian, In a chok ing- voice, with her head turned, "Is, from the little I know, that of a hold, vindictive and cunning outlaw. But why do yoii ask?" . "Why.- my dear? Because lie Is In eorii- mnnd of the Indians, and I wish to' show I nm his superior; the result of .vanity, and— love." ' , > "Is Mr. Elmore In that man's power?" she. gasped. . , "I believe' so," said he, with : a smile at Miss Dunell. "That will do, Marian. Now, Beatrice, will you believe that an old mnn can feel the power of romance, and will. you give me seme favour?" B)io took a (lower from her corset, the sa cred flower of the Incus, and pinned It to his coat. It was a (lower that had been given her by Mr. Ferdinand that morning. . (TO SB CONTINUED.) ' 