The defeat of the Turner Ministry at half-past six yesterday morning, after an all-night sitting of the Legislative Assembly, has been received with some surprise. Sir George Turner took charge of the colony’s affairs shortly after the bank failures; at a time when the whole legislative machine was in disorder and older and more experi enced politicians, like Mr. Munro, Mr. Shiels and the late Sir James Patter son, had grappled with the situation in vain. With a team of young men, as inexperienced in office as himself, the new and untried Premier’s prospects were as dismal as they could be. The Railway department was in convulsions. No one knew whether the Newport Workshops would be closed and the work given over to private firths or the whole of the railway system leased or sold to a syndicate. The railways were losing over ,£1,000 a day, and the loss was growing bigger and bigger until it reached .£1,500 a day. Sir George Turner succeeded where others had failed, and lie held office until the finances resumed a buoyant condition, and there was a general revival of industrial activity. His downfall is due to his success more than to anything else. He took part in all the prolonged negotiations for a Federal Constitution, and now, with the Commonwealth Bill only wait ing the approval of the Imperial Parlia ment to become law, his position has became an enviable one. No man had a better prospect of holding an exalted position in the first Federal Parliament to assemble in Melbourne next year. Envy inspired the attack. No serious charge was laid against the administra tion, and his accusers so cunningly worded their No-confidence motion that he was not challenged on any question of policy, and, consequently, had no right to an appeal to the country. In the ordinary course of events, the present Parliament must be dissolved in about ten months time, and as nearly half the interval will be spent in recess, it cannot be for the sake of any legislation that may be enacted in the meantime that the new Ministry has taken office. The' No confidence motion was merely a scramble for office. Had the Ministry the right of appeal to the country, we believe the result would have been very different. It would have preven ted men like Mr. Hume Cooke, Mr. Toutcher and Mr. Kirton from ratting from the bulk of the Liberal party and voting with the solid Conservative opposition. Though the new Ministry has not been constituted, it needs no ghost to see that it can have no hope of a record reign of over five years, like its predecessor. It may not have a work ing majority. It will be opposed by the full strength of the Turner Ministry and the Labor party; also by Mr. Deakin and Mr Murray. Mr. Styles, we are pleased to see, has had no hand in the intrigues which havo brought about the downfall of the Turner Ministry, and he is not likely to be a candidate for a portfolio in the new administration. Should a McLean—McKenzie-Graham Ministry be formed, it will look rather a fossil ised combination compared with the more up-to- date team which it has deposed, and without the support of the Labor party its prospects of a long or useful life are anything but rosy. Tho Mayor, as the result of a conversation with the chairman of the Harbor Trust, authorised a letter to be written requesting that the fairway for the Steam Ferry be dredged at the expense of the Town Council. Tho Harbor Trust had previously refused in writing to do the work at its own cost. Councillor Hick expressed his strong dissent from the Mayor’s action and said the Harbor Trust was not justified in refusing to carry out the work at its own expense. Councillor Hall quoted from the Advertiser a legal opinion given by Messrs Malleson, England and Stewart, solicitors for the Harbor Trust, as to the liability of the Trust to pay for the work. Shortly put, the solicitors found that roads are not vested in the Trust and that the Trust is not bound and has no power to dredge land outside its boundaries. On the principle that it takes a thief to catch a thief, Councillor Hall, as a member of the legal profession, had no difficulty in putting biB finger on the weak spot in this legal opinion. He pointed out that Messrs Malleson, England and Stewart, at the time they gave this opinion, had no evidence before them to show whether the place that the Trust was asked to dredge was apublic road or not. The solicitors had ‘ assumed ’ that it was; but this was a matter that should not .be assumed; it required proof. He maintained that it was not a road and that the gazetted highway did not extend to the landing place. The Council felt that it would be taking a serious responsibility if it admitted that a waterway was a public road, and readily fell in with the suggestion of Councillor Hall that tho Punt Committee should interview the Harbor Trust on tho matter. In the meantime, the letter sent by order of tho Mayor will be withdrawn and Mr. Croker will be asked for a legal opinion and the Town Survoyor for informa tion as to tho boundaries of tho roadway. Mr. Croker, as mentioned in our last issue, informed the Council by letter on Monday last that he had prepared the facts in the Hudson’s road boundary dispute for the consideration of the Attorney.General. He said Mr. McNeihgehad stated there was a letter in existence in which the Council declined to take over Hudson’s road. He desired to be furnished with a copy of that letter, if any one connected with the Council had written it, and he also wanted a copy of the advertisement fixing the levels. Councillor Cullen said this letter should have been read in committee. It was referred to the Hudson’s road com mittee for consideration. We regret to announce the death of Mrs. Morgan, wife of Mr. John Morgan, J.Pi, at Cecil street on Thursday morning last. Mrs. Morgan had been in a low state of health for the last month, and Dr. Honman held out no hope of her. recovery three weeks ago. She was suffering from an internal complaint. At the time of her death, Mrs. Morgan was over 70 years of age. She was a native of Kent, Euglaod, and had resided here since 1S55. Iu 1857 she married Mr. Morgan. She was then 2S years of ago and the widow of a Mr. Hardy, who lost his life while boarding a vessel in the bay. Mrs. Morgan, who had no family, was cf a charitable disposition. The funeral will take place this afternoon at 3 o’clock. The half-yearly meeting of the .Newport branch of the Australian Natives’Association was held at Jubilee hall on Monday evening last, Mr. C. Lauer, President, occupying the chair. The election of officers for tlie half year resulted as follows :—President, | Mr. C. W. Lauer; vice-president, Mr. W Williams; treasurer,. Mr. -W. Penber^iy;; j secretary, Mr. D.’Carroll; assistant secrct I ary, Mr. R. Caldwell; committee, Messrs J. H. Kuuckey junr., Bremner, Bone, Peel and Finney ; delegate to Annual Conference and to Metropolitan Committee, Mr, D. Carroll. Mr. J. Holten, of the Strand, lectured j before St. Mary’s branch of the C.Y.M.S. ou Monday evening upon Australian capitals, giviog particulars of visits he had paid to Sydney, Adelaide, Brisbane and Perth, and referring to a variety of interesting matters 1 he had met with on his travels. Mr. Holten had illustrations of the public buildings, i scenery and industries of the places he had visited and spoke of several Williamstown people lie had met in the other colonies. On the motion of Mr. S. Neenan, seconded by Mr. D. J. Ward, a vote of thanks was accorded the lecturer. Miss Kitty Griodlay will arrange the pro gramme for the Sailors’ Rest concert on Thursday next and will render popular songs. She will be assisted by Miss Styles, Miss Sara Lewis, aud Messrs H. Rofe and J. Wyatt, members of St. Paul’s Cathedral quartet party. 