Strange Diseases and Strange Remedies. There is an interesting paper in Chambers's Journal upon " Strange Diseases and Strange Remedies" as observed and practised in Ireland. Credulity and superstition are not confined to the lower classes alone in Ireland. A story told me as an actual fact by an educated lady, tile daughter and sister of a clergyman, might very well be classed as an instance of both. We were discussing the subject of charms, and I was surprised to sea that she believed in them herself, as did also her reverend brother. "I cannot doubt what I know to be true myself," she said; and told us the following tale, which I give in her own words : " There was a man in our village, a respectable shopkeeper, who was afflicted with an enormous tumour in his cheek. I well remember the feelings of awe and curiosity with which I used to inspect his profile in church when I was a child. He sat a few pews in front of us, and I could not resist the temptation of watching him all through the service, and looking for the grotesque effects of his enormously exaggerated cheek. His infirmity seemed to increase with years, and the poor man was a frightful object. One day, not long ago, I passed a man in the village street whose face I seemed to know, and yet I could not think of his name. It suddenly dawned upon me it was Mr. without his swollen cheek ! I could hardly believe my senses, and followed him into a shop on purpose to see if it really could be the man I had seen only the Sunday before, so marvellously changed in such a short time. Yes, it certainly was Mr. . lie addressed me first, saying, ' I suppose you hardly recognise me'; and he then told nie how he was curcd. It was by a charm ! He was advised to go out the first night the new moon was visiblp,"and aftfir saying • In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost," to wave a dinner-plate round his head nine times towards the new moon. He did so, and in the morning his tumour had disappeared." Such was the tale told to ine and implicitly believed in by an educated Ir ; sl) lady. The lower orders of Irish are as a rule rather hypochondriacal, and they are foud of trying peculiar remedies for their ailments. A favourite poultice for wounds is a paraffin candle scraped and some cabbage, all boiled together. A simple but rather unpleasant remedy j for a cut leg was recommended to an old inan—=it was to sit with his leg in a bogliole all night. This lie tried with perfect success. His leg got quite well; but as he died of bronchitis a few days afterwards, he did not long enjoy his " perfect cure." A carpenter, who, in chopping wood had cut a slice of his shinbone with the hatchet, first applied a poultice of nettles and salt. This not healing it immediately, he put on a bandage soaked in Venice turpentine. As the wound remained obstinate, and even got worie under his gentle treatment, he determined to be firm with it and show it he would stand no nonsense ; so he burned it with bluestone ! He didn't lose the le?, but it did not recover until le;s heroic remedies were used. A poor man sufiering from inflammation of the eye, caused "by a thorn, had bluestone blown in. He did lose the eye. A favourite remedy for every kind of internal pain is hot vinegar punch ; indeed, vinegar taken either cold or hot is considered almost a bpecitic for everything It must be comforting in some cases! It is much used for a " squeeziu' on the hart," which is the commonest complaint of all. T icy are a kindly and sympathetic rac?, always ready to help each other in cases of sickness, either with nursing or good advice; but I fear in most cases the remedies prescribed are far worse than the disease. A village tragedy occurred in my own knowledge. A young blacksmith whoso wife had presented hiui with their first baby was horrified to find that the infant had been born with teeth. So unusual an event must be unlucky ; so the poor baby's teeth were drawn by the unskilled hand of the blacksmith. The baby died ; and the mother, ehockd and grieved by the scene, died soon afterwards. "But sure hekfiiever have had luck or grace if thejmpeky teeth hadn't been dhrew." ' If good fresh cooked meat makes, us s'rong, as nearly everybody admits, it does," asks one writer, " how is it 1 that wa do not try raw meat, the.|uij^| of which is far more strengthening* than gravy made by the oven process 1 ?* In Germany they eat a lot of raw r meat, and when I used to live there 3 found that it agreed with me splendidly." To which the reply was^r- ' Ri\v meat has been tried and foufci wanting. It may suit some people}, but as an every-day article it is not to be recommended. Doctors sometimes order sandwiches composed of raw besf for invalids in the last stages of exhaustion, but they are not very prone to do even this. There is considerable danger in eating uncooked flesh. The notion that raw steaks are better tha$ grilled steaks for importing strength fcp the consumer has long since been exploded. In years gbne by the ford and Cambridge crews werB< extremely partial to raW meat, but they never think of indulging in it nowadays. A tale of a cousin from otae of the provinces is told by a London paper w.th considerable gusto. Our pontemporary says thai the country gentleman called in at a Strand restaur-; ant and inquired of the waiter if lie had anytoma'oas. " Yes," was the answer. " Well, I will take some."; ' How will you take then ?" " Oh, cooked." " Yes sir; that order will hardly do. We have 750 different ways of serving up tomatoes. Will yon please make a choice ?" The visitor was paralysed. When he recovered his power of speech he whispered in awe-stricken tones,." grilled please 1" " Yessir," said the waiter as he lingered to whisk a bread cram from the table cloth with his newest napkibj " which way ?" " The only way of course." " Sir," said the waiter iti a tone of voica which impalled that be was not to be further triffled with,' "we grill tomatoesin ahundreddifferent ways in this restaurant. Now, which way? Quick,please 1" "Oh,serveth^m cold." " We havj fifty different wfcys, of serving them cold." "You have.?'' remarked the visitor as he reached for his hat and umbrella; " then this is no place for me. The only way heje that I understand is the way out. Good evening!" " Yessir!"responded the waiter with a d^ply-hurt expression on bis face. , - ' ' iti: • A good sized dining-roomj an empty stomack. l<\- '^'ff;'. . . A man is apt to drink mineral water when he faelsro'ky. ifc-; The jokes of the writer irtib does his le best often fall flat. Thumason Bros. & Co. have the " stock in Queensland of Perfumery/ requisites, Sponges, Enemas, &0.7 orders receive prompt attention. Bros., ChemUts.Brisbine.' 