THE FOURTH GENERATION. . BY SIR WALTER BESANT. COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER X. Tho fooling of sickness passed. Leonard opened his eyes and forced himself lo go on with tlic rending. "I remember Hint the house was very quiet, so quiet that we could hear in my room— the housekeeper's room— tho crys and sliouts of tho two little boys in the nursery, which was the room next to where the mother lay dead. The boy's were Alas- tcr Lnngley, tlie eldest, who was three, and AInster Christopher, then a year and a half." "Little did those innocents understand of the trouble thnt was coming upon th'cin front tlic terrible tragedy of thnt day. They would grow up without a mother— the most terrible calamity that can befall a child; and they were to grow up, as well, without a father, for tlie master lias never recovered tlie shock, and now, I fear, never will. "On the Alonday following, the coroner cmnc with I113 jury and held the inquest. They viewed tlie body in the diningroom. I was present and heard it all. Tlie report of tho paper is accurate, so far as I remem ber." The newspaper began again at this point. "On Alonday last, the 17th inst., ail in quest was held at Cnmpaigne Park oil the body of Lnngley Holms, Esquire, Justice of the Peace, of Wcstcrdene House, near Amersliam, aged 28 years. The unfortunate gentleman, as narrated in our last number, was found dead under circumstances that pointed directly to murder, in a wood not far from Cnmpaigne Park, where lie was staying as the guest of his friend and bro ther-in-law, Air. Algernon Campaigne.. "The cause of death was certified by Dr. Alden. He deposed that it was caused by n single blow from a club or branch, which had probably been picked up close by; the nature of the wound showed that it was one blow only which bnd caused death, which must have been instantaneous. "Air. Algernon Campaigne, J.P., of Cam paigne Park, deposed that the deceased wa3 his brother-in-law — his wife's brother, and his most intimate friend. He was staying with them, and on Friday morning the two started together after breakfast for a walk. They walked through the park, crossed the road, got over the stile on tho other side, and followed tlic pathway under the hill. They were entering the wood in which the body was found when, lie himself recollected a letter which had to he written and posted that morning. He therefore stopped aud explained that he must return immediately. Unfortunately, his brother-in-law chose to continue his walk alone. Air. Algernon turned and walked hoiuc as quickly as he could. Ho saw the deceased no more until he was brought back dead. 1 "The coroner asked him if he had ob served anyone in the wood; lie said that he had not looked about him carefully, but that he had seen nobody. ' '"A little hoy, who gave the name of XomniA' Dadd, and said that he knew the meaning of an oath, said that lie was on the hillside scaring birds all day; that lie saw tlie two gentlemen get over tho stile, walk along the footpath together, talking fast and loud; that they came to the wood and went in; that one of them, Air.. Campaigne, came out alone; that lie looked up and down the path as if lie was expecting some body, and then walked away very fast. " 'Stop!' said tlie coroner. 'Let us under stand this plainly. You' saw ' Air. Cam paigne and. the deceased get over the stile and walk as far as the wood?' " 'Yes.' " 'And A'ou saw Air. Campaigne turn back and walk away?' " 'Yes.' " 'Go on, then.' " 'A long time after that I see John .Dunning walking from the farm across the field to tho pathway; he was carrying a basket of something over his shoulder; he wore his smock frock. He went into the wood, too. Presently he came out and rau hack to the 'farmyard,' and three other -men came andi carried somctliiiig away." " 'Did nobody else go into the wood?' "'No. Nobody. ."'Did anj'body run out of the wood?' " 'No. NobodA'.' "John Dunning said that lie was a laborer;' that on the day in question he was on: his way to some- work aud had to pass through, the wood; that half way through lie came upon what he thought was .a man asleep. AVhen he looked closer, he found that it was a gentleman and he was dead; and lie lay in a pool of blood— there was no scuffle of feet or sign of . a struggle; that he tried to lift him, getting his hand and frock covered with blood stains; that he found a bit of rough and jagged wood lying beside the body, which was covered with blood at one end; that, on making this discovery, lie ran out of the wood and made his way as fast as lie could to the nearest farm, where he gave the alarm and got four men to come with him, carrying a shutter and a blanket. "The coroner cross-examined this witness severely. Where did lie work? Was he a native of the village? Had he ever been in trouble? Did he search the pockets of the deceased? What was it he was carrying on his shoulder? Would he swear it was not the club that had been found near the body? "At this point the deceased's valet stood up and said that his master had not been, robbed;, that his watch and rings and purse were all upon him in hi3 pockets. " 'I presume that the murderer had no lime,' said the coroner. 'He must have been disturbed. I never j-et heard of a murder that was not a robbery.' "Air. Campaigne interposed. "I would suggest, Air. Corona1,' he said, 'with sub mission ' . " 'Sir,' said the coroner, 'your suggestions are instructions.' " 'I venture, then, to suggest that per haps there may have been some' person or persons unknown in the wood. The boy's evidence was straightforward, but he could not see through the wood.' . 'That is true. Call up the parish con stable. "This officer stood up to give evidence. He was asked if there were any dangerous or suspicious persons in or near tlie village; if lie had seen any tramps, sturdy vagabonds, gipsies, or, in fact, any persons who might reasonably he suspected of this outrage. "There was no one. The village, lie said, was quite quiet and well behaved. "He was asked if there were poachers about. He said there were poachers, whom he knew very well, and so did his Honoris gamekeeper; but in the month of June there was nothing to poach, and no excuse for going into the wood. He was quite confi dent that the village poachers had nothing to do with tlie business. "'Aly suggestion, sir,' said Air. Cam paigne, 'seems unproductive. Nevertheless there is the chance that it may he explained if we can find a clue.' " 'There is another way of explanation,' said tlie coroner. "He then proceeded to charge the jury, and it soon became manifest what other way of explanation lie intended. He said that it was evident from the evidence of tlie boy, who had no motive to deceive, that the de ceased gentleman left Air. Campaigne at tlie entrance of tlie wood; that, after that time no one went into the wood except the man named John Dunning, who came out of it covered with blood. The dcatli of Air. Holms could not have been suicide; if any juryman had thought of suicide, let him put it out of his mind. It was impossible. Death was caused by a blow — the blow of a heavy club —no doubt the club lying on the table be fore them. "What conclusion could they draw? There was, it is true, no robbery; no doubt he- cause there was no time — the villain was disturbed. Who would murder such a gen tleman except for robbery? Why, he had no enemies; there was no motive. If they believe the evidence of John Dunning, tlic blood upon his frock was caused by trying to lift the dead man. .What was the good of lifting a dead man? He could not, alone, carry him away. They would believe what in their wisdom and collective judgment tlicy pleased. He would not influence their judgment, but lie would ask them to con sider how this, atrocious crime was com mitted and by whom. "The jury considered their verdict for Half an hour. Then tlicy returned a verdict of wilful murder against John Dunning. "The man was standing alo.no by this time; everybody suspected him and shunned him. When the verdict was given, lie cried out, 'No! No! I never done it! I never done it!' passionately, or with some show of passion. "The constable arrested him on tlie spot. After tlic first ejaculation tho man became quite passive and made no kind of resistance. The coroner turned to Air. Campaigne. " 'You are a magistrate, sir. You can formally commit the man for trial.' " 'I commit this man ?' Tlie bereaved gentleman seemed to have difficultA' in un derstanding the matter. However, lie came to himself and performed his . duties me chanically. "The man, John Dunning,"! now.' lies in gaol, awaiting his trial. We would not say anything to forejudge the case, hut it cer tainly looks black, so fur, against the ac cused." To this the housekeeper added: "The Coroner's Court was full, nnd a sorrowful sight it was to see the master, tall and hand some and upright, but ashy pale. On the same day, in tlie afternoon, they buried both the brother and tlie sister in tlie parish church. Tlicy lie side by side in the cliuu- cel." Then followed the report of tho trial of John Dunning. Part of it is a repetition oE the evidence heard at tho inquest. He was defended by. counsel, and a very able coun sel, too— a j-oung man who had taken the greatest pains to get up the case. Tlie cross- examination was keen nnd searching. Every little point was made tlie most of. The counsel had a map of the wood. He made a great deal out of this map! Ho, called attention to distances; for instance, it would take five minutes only to get from the wood to tlie farm. On these points he cross- examined Air. Cnmpaiguc closely. "How long would it take to walk through tlic wood?" "Five or six minutes." "Are there scats in the wood?" "None." '' "Did your friend express any intention of lingering in tlie wood, or was there any rea son why lie should linger in the wood?" "No, certainly not; lie entered tlic wood at a quick pace, and, so far- as I know, in tended to keep it up." "There were no seats in .the wood. W ere there any fnlien trees to sit down upon?" "Not to my knowledge." "Was it a morning for lying down on the grass?" "No, there had been rain; the paths were muddy and. the grass was wet." "Did you suppose that tho deceased stood in the wood for two hours?" "I do not. I think it impossible." "Your suggestion is that there was some one lurking in tlie wood ?" "Everything points to that, in my opin ion." " , "Otherwise, on the theory of the prose cution, j-pur brother-in-law must have stood in tlie wood, doing nothing, for nearly/two hours; because nobody, disputes ' the . fact that the prisoner entered the wood a little before twelve." 1 "That is so, I think." "I am sorry to press you, Air. Campaigne, ou a subject so painful, but 1 have a life to save. Do you suppose that your friend, was one who would be likely to yield up liis life without a struggle?" "Certainly not. He was a strong and reso lute man." "Again, look at the prisoner," who was not more than five feet five. "Do you sup pose that your friend would stand still to be killed bya little man like that?" "It is absurd to suppose anything of the kind." "He might have been taken unawares — but then the blow would have been at tlie hack of the head. Now it was in the front. Do you suppose it possible that .this labor';, ing man should, on entering tlie wood, suddenly resolve upon taking a strange gentleman's life witliout a motive, not even with the hope of plunder? — should rush upon him, find him off his guard, and , suc ceed in taking his life without receiving a blow, or a scratch?" "I certainly do not." "Do you suppose that if all these impos sibilities had taken place,, the man wouiil have run buck covered with -blood to 'tell, what he had' found?" . "J! certainly do. not." . The boy who had already given liis. evi-; dence was recalled. "How long was it after Air. Holmes went into the wood before John Dunning went in?" "It was a long time." "We know," said the judge, "tlie two gentlemen went out at 10; they would reach the wood, according to this map, abottt 10.15; the dead body was brought home a little after noon. Therefore, as the prisoner was only a few minutes in the wood, it must have been about 11.40 that lie! wciit in." . "And remained, my lord, not more than a few minutes." "So it would seem from the evidence. Afuch mischief, however, may be done in a few minutes." The counsel recalled- the doctor. . '.'When you saw the body, it was, I think you said, a little before 1 o'clock?" "That, is so." "Tho body was then quite stiff and dead, yon said?" "Quite. It liad been dead some time; perhaps two hours." "It had .been dead two hours. You are quite sure?" "I will not swear to the exact time. 1 will say a long while." "If the boy's evidence as to the time oc cupied liA" tlie prisoner in the wood is cor rect, death would have been caused a few minutes before the men brought the sluit- tcr. The body would have been quite warm." .. "It would." "Now— you saw the wound. Indicate for.' the jurA1 exactly where it was." The doctor laid his hand on the top of liis head. "Not the front, but the top. Very good. Air. Holms was 0 feet high. Look at tlie prisoner. Is it possible that so short a man could have inflicted such a blow on the top of the head?" "Not unless he found his victim seated." "Quite so. And we have heard from Air. Campaigne that it was iniuossihle to sit down in the wet wood. Thank A'ou." ' One need not go on. There was the evi dence. At first it looked very bad against the prisoner; no one else in the wood, tlie blood on the smock, the weapon with which the deed was accomplished, the apparent impossibility of anyone else being the crimi nal. Then came this clever lawyer upon the scene, and in a little while the whole of tlie case fell to pieces. First, the doctor's evidence thnt death had been caused two hours before the pri soner entered tlie wood; the evidence of the boy that the prisoner had gone in only a few minutes before he came out running. That was positive evidence in liis favor. There was, next, the evidence of Air. Cam paigne. His brotlier-in-law was tlie last man in the world who would he murdered with out making a fight. He was a powerful man, much stronger than the fellow charged with murdering hint. He was not taken un awares, but received the fatal blow in full fiont. Again, there was no robbery. If a poor man commits the crime of murder lie does it either for revenge, or for jealousy, or for robbeiy. There could he none or these motives at work in the murder of this unfortunate gentleman. Lastly, there was tlie best possible testi mony in favor of tlie prisoner's personal character. This is not of mucli use where tlie evidence is strong; but when it is weak, it may be of tlic greatest possible help. His : employer stated that the prisoner was a ; good workman, who knew his business; that Jhe was sober, and industrious and honest; tho least likely, man on his farm to commit this atrocious act. Tho Judge summed up favorably. The jury retired to consider their verdict. They came back after an hour. Verdict: "Not guilty." Then followed more writing. "When lite verdict was declared the prisoner stepped down and was greeted with friendly congratulations by liis master tho farmer, and others. Tlic Judge before leav ing the court sent for Air. Campaigne. " 'Sir,' he said, shaking hands with him, 'we have to deplore: our own loss as well as yours in the melancholy events of that day. For my own part, although I consider tlic verdict of the jury amply justified by the evidence, I should like your opinion on the matter.' " 'If it is worth your attention, you shall hear it. I had made up my mind on the point. Tho evidence nt the inquest was quite incomplete. After talking the matter over with the doctor, tho murder was most cer tainly committed long before the man Dun ning. went into the wood at all. Tlic state of the body showed, if medical evidence is worth anything, that death had taken place two hours before; that is, before eleven — in fact, shortly after I left him. He must have been walking straight to his dcatli when I left liini and saw him striding along through the wood.' " 'And have you been able to form any theory at all?' " 'None. Had there been robbery, I should have suspected gipsies. Our own people about here are quiet and harmless. Such a thing as wilful and deliberate mur der would be impossible for them.'. "'So.,. The ease becomes more mysteri ous.' " 'I felt so strongly as to the nian's inno cence thnt I not "only provided him with counsel, but I also drew up n statement of tlie ease. The murderer of lhA' hrotlicr-in- law, the slayer of my wife' — here Air. Cam paigne turned very pale — 'will be discovered; some time or other he must he discovered. Ho must confess if lie is not found out; but I will not have nn innocent man suffer for the guilty; if I can prevent it.' " 'Sir,' said the judge,, 'your conduct is what the world expects of a noble gentle man. There remains one conclusion. It is that there was someone concealed in tlie wood. The hoy said that no one went out. Ho was thinking of the two ends; hut he could not perhaps see through the wood, or beyond the wood. It is not yet, perhaps, too late to search for footsteps. However, no doubt, all that can he done will he done.' . "So the trial was finished. I have not heard that any further examination of tlie spot was made. As all the village and people from neighboring villages and the nearest market towns- crowded over every Sunday for weeks after, gazing at the spot where the body was found, it was of very little use to look for footsteps. "The man John Dunning wont hack to work. But the village folk — his old friends —turned against him. They would no longer associate with him; tho taint of murder whs upon him, though lie was as innocent a man as ever stepped. The vicar spoke to the people, hut it was in vain; anyone wlto had been tried for murder must he a mur derer, and lie was shunned like a leper or a madman. : ' ! "Then tlie vicar spoke about it to the squire, who gave John money so that lie might emigrate; and with nil liis 'family he went to-Botany Bay, where the people ore ffot all convicts, 1 am tolilT There, at least, it ought not to be. thrown in a man's teeth that lie lias been tried and acquitted for murder. I have never heard what became of John ' Dunning and his family after wards. ' '' ' : : "The squire offered a reward of £500 for the apprehension and conviction of some person unknown who had murdered Air. Langlcy Holms., The printed hill remained on the church door for years — long after the rain had washed out the letters, until the. whole bill was finally washed out and destroyed. But the reward was never claimed, nor was there any attempt to fix the guilt upon another; and as time went ont a! belief grew up in the minds of the world that, notwithstanding the acquittal, no other was possible as the criminal than John Dunning liimfjelf..,Sp that it was a fortunate'tliing foi liini that he w.cut away when ho did, before the popular belief was turned quite so dead against hint. "The wood became haunted; no one dared pass through it alone, even by day;, because the murdered man walked by day as well as by night. I cannot say, for my self, that I. ever actually saw the ghost — not, that is to say, to recognise the poor gentleman, though there are plenty of credible witnesses who swear to having seen it— in the twilight, in the moonlight and iii the sunshine; .But one day when I was walking homo from the village — it was in . the" morning about eleven o'clock — I saw a strange thing which made my heart stand still. "It was a spring day, with a fresh breeze and sunshine; but with- flying- clouds. They made light and- shadow over tho fields. In the wood, which was more of a coppice than a wood, composed of slender trees such as birches, which, were on one side, and firs and larches , on tlie other, with a goo'd deal of undergrowth among the birches, I saw, as clear as ever I saw any thing in my life— a figure,. oh! quite plain— a figure under the birches and among the bushes and undergrowth. It had its back to me, and I made out head and shoulders and arms; , the rest of the body "was hidden. While- 1 looked the shadow passed away, and the sun came out — then the figure dis appeared. I waited for it to return. It did not. "I crept slowly through the wood; look ing about to right and left. There was nothing; the birds were singing and calling to each other; but there was no ghost. Yet I had seen it. When I asked myself how it was dressed I could not remember; nay, I had not observed. Then there were some to whom tlie ghost had appeared clad as when lie met the murderer; nay, some to whom it has spoken; so that my own evi dence is not of so much importance as that of some others. "As time went- on, we could not fail to observe a great change in the habits of my master. "Before this trouble Air. Campaigne was a man fond of society; he would invite friends to dinner two or throe times a week. He was fond of the bottle, but no drunkard; once a week lie went to the market town and then dined at the gentleix; ' ! . " : Ulinary. He was a Justice of tlie l'once ahd active; he farmed himself- «nm<» of his own land and took nn, interest in the stock, and in the crops; lie went to cliuvch '.every Sunday morning and had prayers' every morning for the household; he was fond of playing with his little children; he talked politics and read the paper every week. He wont hunt ing once or twice a week in the season; lie went shooting nearly every day in the autumn; lie attended the races; he was a gardener nnd looked after his hothouses and conservatories ; 7 in a word lie was a country gentleman who pleased himself with the pursuits of the country; was a good farmer, a good landlord, a good magistrate, a good father, and a good Christian. "Yet mark what, followed. "When the murder was committed the body was placed in the diningroom. The master went into the library; there he had his meals served. He never entered- the diningroom after wards; he sat in the library, when lie was not walking on the terrace alone. "Suddenly, not little by little, he aban doned everything. He left off going to church, lie left off going to market, he left off shooting, hunting, gardening, farming, reading; he gave up company; he refused to see anyone; lie opened no letters; he held no family prayers; lie paid no attention to his children; if he found them playing he passed by the innocents as if they had been strangers; as for the youngest, she who cost her mother her life, I doubt if he ever saw her, or knew who she was if he did see her. "And so it lias continued all these years. Sometimes the lawyer comes over, when money is wanted. Then tlie money is ob tained, but he never speaks; listens and signs a cheque. Ab his housekeeper I used to present an open bill from time to time. The money was put upon the bill with no question. The grooms have been long dis missed; the horses turned out to grass aro long dead; the dogs aro dead; the garden lias ran to seed and weed; the rooms in which there has been no fire or light or air or anything are mouldering in decay. "As for the poor unfortunate children, they grow up somehow; the master would allow no interference on the part of his own family; the lawyer, Air. Ducie, was tiic only person wiio could persuade him to anything. Tlie hoys were sent to a preparatory school nnd then to a public school. The second went into the navy — never was there a more gallant or handsome boy; the elder went to Oxford; the girl married a merchant, who turned out had. "Everything turned out bad; it was a most unfortunate family; father and children alike — all were unfortunate." (To bo Continued.) 