Answers to Correspon dents. By 'Gossip.' 1*. if no*, always possible to answer communications uidcr tbis hctdin)! in the issne following receipt and Bometimes several issues appear belore we are able- to do so.] A.T. — Your charming letter came to me, with the shilling for .Sydney Adams, and also the shilling for. the ' Children'* Newspaper.' Vou write a big, bold, round hand, and you must have a nood mother. 1 wonder how old you are '/ I am glad that you think about little Sydney Adams. Poor little chap, he is coming along well, and I hope that whon the rain comes my friends in the liuuri will help me to keep him and make a mat of him. Thank you for your nice letter, and tell your ma that; i am always glad to hear from a little girl like you. NViDGliE, — Your story is very good, and it is very short, and I'll publish it if I get a chance, and 1 won't pay you for It. We are not paying for contributions for the Journal. Our paper is too small to have room for stories and we pay for nothing, except by special agreement. Now let me tell you something. I've kept your story lying on my desk, wondering what 1 would say to you. If I were on an orthodox paper 1 woujd put stories in the VV.P.H. and say nothing, or else I'd return them and say ' Declined with thanks.' Hut this paper isn't orthodox ; neither am f , and I want to be civil to people who write, for I want to see talent developed in the land. In another year or two (when the rains coine) I'll bo able to pay for things, and 'then I'll he short and enuppy ; but uL present I'm poor and humble anil pleasant — Kee.Widgee? From this out I'm going to decide on the merits of all stories -il once. It's no use leaving them on my detk. We've got no room for them, a= a sternly thing, but if they'll suit the ?' Xtnus Annual ' 111 mention it. But only .short stories have the ghost of a show for the .Journal. Is this all clear '! J5.M. — We're doing our best. This is the only paper that really depends wholly on the bush. Our interests are yours., We'll do our level best. It looks a simple thing from your point of view, but it's a horribly complicated one from mine. Yon see that honest men suffer, uud you protest. I aoe that some infernal rogues are milking monuy out of your necessities, and that's where the trouble comes. We see the game from different sides, but you can bet on my assistance. Judy. — Amongst the treasures to hand on my return was a letter from you. 1 was glad to see it, because I was afraid that you had all been dried out or smothered, and, an I hadn't heard from Punch for a long time, it looked like it. 1 hope it lino been attended to, and 1 trust that you've got Nukvods Dkmi.ity.— Your letter Is just one of a series that shows what eruel need there was for somebody to bike up ihe oudgels. The toul harpies have been bat tening on the ignorance and bhiune of men and women all over the laud, ami nobody has dared to ipeak out. But the moral sense of the community is awakening, and letters like yours deepen my conviction ihut it is none t.oo early. W* an; foola ami blind. 399\. — We have sent along Moore's Al manac—a puljliuutiou whii.li i« as handy as a pocket in a shirt. Dr. Arthur's little pamphlet— has alio been sent. As far as I'm concerned, that is the most valuable kind of literatore we have. Oar buys and girls ut-ed aomeboily to talk straight to them, because if a buy has knowledge and no health, he ia no good. A sound mind is of little value unlets in a wand body und we neglect the essentials of lifts in nur eagerness for accomplishments. It in the best threepen'orth in Sydney, that book. I'm glad you've had a drop of rain. P..S. --I wish I could tell you people, bo thai I'd know which of you was which. Are you the poet 1 P.S. — I met your dad to-diiy and I've ticketed you and now I'd like ,t warn with you. OJ. — Thanki for the ' ehullun. I want, to come to the Mu»wellbrook show, and I fancy that is up your way. I'd like to git to the Singleton show, too ; but I'd better not make any rash promises, for life is very uncertain, and so is my time. Kia Oba. — My brother, your letter fills me with woe. You are a good sort. I like your style, and I'm sorry you didn't call on me when you were in town. But your letter broke me up ; I couldn't read it all. I'd like a bit of news all right, but if you abbreviated it like that, and I had to read it, I'd go off my chump. Printers mostly get paid by the piece, and a man on piece work on your ' copy ' would way lay the foreman for giving it to him. I read a good deal of it, and imagined the rest. 1 tin not like deer stalking, for several reasons. One is, I hate gettini' up oarly in the morning. ' Early to bed and early to rise Makes a man sick, and gives him sore eyes.' Then I'm not a good shot, and I don't care far tramping over hills all day ; and then, when I'd shot a deer, if it looked at me wuil ii-n liuiu, Miwwil eyes, lull ui tuua, I'd take to drink, or something. I'm a failure as a sportsman. I'd be prouder of coaxing a wild deer to eat out of my hand than I would be of killing a tigor. Sydney and Melbourne are great places, and Mr. j Muggridge and Mr. Evans are good specimens of hospitable Australians. I'm glad you liked our country, and I'm sure I'd have liked you ; but your writing is a bit tough. If you were a bad writer, or unedu cated, I'd be able to read it, but — — . Be good, my brother. Xi. — I hope our people .sent you all the books and bloltingpap-r and letter-heads and tilings you ordered '! Didn't you want the letter-heads printed '! As far as the drought is concerned you are lucky. I imid to it man, ' Tffivu you lost any sheep thin season V ' And he siiid, ' No, not one.' ICnowiug it, had been a dry time in his district I said, ' My word, but you'vo been lucky.' He said, 'I don't know about that ; I lo.sl thorn all lust season.' Then we both meditated. lean only hope you 11 get rain before its too late. Its a grand thing to havu a lot of good scrub to fall buck on. ?15. — ' 1 would write and toll you some more news, only what is the good of talk ing about the drought '!' Exactly! Now that you've got pleuro on top of it, your cup of joy ought to be about full. There is some sect that says you'll be the same ImsiiiesH in heaven as you were on earth. I'd think you'd wunt a change, over the river, eh '! There was one chap who vowed that he wouldn't bo thu name business in the Belter Land, because he wus an under taker. M'yus I Things do get mixed, don't they V '20(1. — 1 don't think that requires imii-li fixing up. A.M.— Tin; matter in question was laid aside by the sub-editor for the consideration of the editor on his return. By aomti means t lie printer uot hold of it, and it camu out, to the regret of the ollice. 15'jt it 'a no use apologising now or explaining. It waa wrong and unkind. Bometimes I feel aB if i could be very clever if I were vicious, and didn't care for other peoplu'n feelings. It comes real easy to me to buy ' niiiarL ' things, hut I don't say them be cause they hurt. I'm sorry such things were said in our columns, and I am very cordially with you. J.FT. — When I came to the end of your letter 1 was tired, and my reply wan ready j but your P.S. disarmed me, ' My eyesight is bad ; hub the MH. is copied distinctly.' I apologise. A man put a threepenny piece in the plate at church, and somebody sneered at him ; and then it turned out that the giver had no dinner, but had put his last coin in with a magnificent faith. It's a diflicult thing to draw correct concluaious, and thuu my song is ever— ? ' Give glory und honour nnd pitiful tears To all who fail in their deeds sublime ; Their ghosta are muny in the van of years ; They were born in Time, in advance of Time.' You feem to have had a wondei fill career, and to have seen much and thought much, and I'd like to be of use to you ; but do you really think that my opinion is worth having ! Toby Kyan'» book had a great charm for me, because it dealt with the olden dnys in a free and homely style ; so you see, I'm no judge, from your point of view. Still, if you want me to, I'll read it, as it ia ' copied distinctly;' and give you my opinion. But now that we are pub liaherB I'm getting a bit shy of giving my opinions. When I waa one of the poor literary fellows it was easy, but now that I'm a poor publisher it's difleicnt. Send it along, anyhow. Madoe. — Will you be very much shocked if I admit that I can't place you, Madge? I've got a good many correspon dents and it's not easy to remember a name. But no matter ! Vour essay makes me smile ! Did yon ever read ' Essays of Elia and Eliana ' by Charles Lamb '/ Yours would seeing to bo after (that style, but such a long way after 1 If you read Emerson or Ruskin you will find that euch tilings have been beautifully said before. Besides, Madge, your essay requires a good deal of sub editing, and no good essay should require that. An essay and a sonnet are two things that require literary skill. What did you mean it for, lassie ': 