Rome. THE POPE AND " AMERICANISM." LETTER TO CARDINAL ("Concluded.) GIBBONS. To Our dear Son, James Cardinal Gibbons, by the Title of St. Maria Trast6v6re Cardinal Priest of the Holy Roman Church, Archbishop of Baltimore. LEO XIII., POPE. Beloved Son, Health and Apostolic Benediction. NATURE AND GRACE. And. indeed, to anyone who deeply considers this matter, when every external guide has been rejected, it is difficult to see whither in the opinion of these innovators that richer inspiration of the Holy Ghost, of wliiph they make so much, is tending. AsEfufedly, the assistance of the Holy Ghost is necessary above all else in the pursuit of virtue, but those people who are so eager in the pursuit of new methods attribute altogetfher too much to the natural virtues, as if they responded better to the customs and needs of the present time, and as if it were better to possess ^hem because more calculated to dispose a, man to strenuous action. It is difficult to understand how those who are informed with Christian wisdom can prefer the natural to the supernatural virtues, and attribute to them a superior power and fruitfulness. Will nature supported by grace be weaker than If left to its own strength ? Have the holy men whom the 'Church reveres, and to wfoom she pays public honour, shown tlheiinselvee weak and unfit im the natural order because they excelled in Christian virtues ? Now, although it is right enough at times to adunire the wonderful achievements of natural virtue, how few in fact are the men who habitually possess these virtues ? Who Is ffliere Who is not open to the violence of his passions ? Constantly to overcome them as well as to conform- oneself to the natural law, it is necessary that a man should receive assistance from above. The isolated acts which we have above alluded to often, on close examination, offer only an appearance rather than the reality of virtue. But let us even grant that it is real: what help can the natural virtues be to anyone who wishes not " to run iu vain," and to forfeit the eternal happiness whirlh God has prepared for us unless there is added to them the strengthening gift of divine grace V St Augustine has given the aii»wef— They have endurance, flhey have speed, bait 'tihey are off the course(Ps.xxxi.,4) For just as the nature of man, which; by the fault of the race has been made prone to vice and shame, is raised, eiotlhed with new nobility, and strengthened by the help of grace, so also the virtues wh'ieli are practised, not 'l>v the aid of nature alone, but with the help of grace, become fruitful tokens of everlasting happiness and standi forth more sturdily and solidly. ACTIVE AND PASSIVE VIRTUES. With this opinion concerning the natural virtues is connected another, according!-to Which nil Christian virtues are divided into thvo classes, passive and active as they 'are called ; the •former being said to have been more adapted to past ages, whilst the latter are better suited to the present day. It is clear what is to be thought of this classification of virtue, for the virtue tih'a.t is nierelly passive lia« and can have no existence. " Virtue," says St. Thomas, " means a certain perfection of power : now the end of power is action, and an act of virtue is nothing but the good use of one's free w' 1 (la IIm. a. 1), and if made with the help of God's grace it becomes a. supernatural acit of virtue. Only he would pretend that some Christian virtues are adapted to one period and others to another who is unmindful of the words of the Apostle—" For whom he foreknew he also predestinated to be conformable to the image of His Son " (Romans viii.. 29). The master and model of all sanctity is Christ, and it. is necessary for all whojwi^li. to attain the seats of the bh^sgafe; tt> fonform themselves to His And Ohrisr. does not change vtftjb /the. advancing centuries, but He ifc tjle sam^fe^day and to-day and Yot.Pyer (Hebrews xii'i., 8). To men oKtifi ^es, JJifijefore. is addressed flie: i'lffitalion— " I/earn of me for I am liicefc- -and humble of heart" (Matthew xi.. 20i. and iu every aige Christ puts himself before us as " obedient even unto dentil)" (Philipp. ii.. 3). In every age, too. those words of the Apostle stand —" They that are Ohrlsfs have crucified their flesh with their vices and concupiscences" (Galn+ians v.. Would to God that more now-a-days cultivated ilie^e virtues as d ! d th'- saintly 'men of th:>sc. times, who. l>y humility, obedience, and self-restrain;, were powerful in word and work to the sreat advantage, not only of religion. but of their country and society. THE RELIGIOUS LIFE. From this contempt, so to speak. of the evangelical virtues iit, seems likely that a. disdain of the religious life will invade tl;e mind. And that, this is a com'mon opinion among those who profess these new ideas we gather from certain expression's which they have let fall concerning the vows pronounced by members of religions orders. Such obligations, they affirm, are altogether out of keeping with the character of our times, inasmuch as they naiTO'w the limits of human liberty, being better suited to wea:k souls than those that are strong, whilst far from contributing to Christian perfection and the good of humanity, they are rather injurious and an obstacle to the progress of botfh. How false all this is, is labundauitly evident from the practice and teaching of the Church which has ever highly approved of the religious life. Nor did she do sowithout reason, for those who called by God embrace it of their own free will, and who. not content With the ordinary duties enforced by precept, enter upon ithe evangelical counsels, show themselves strong and devoted soldiers of Christ. Shall we think that, this is the characteristic of weak minds, or that it is useless or worse for the .perfecting of life ? These who thus bind themselves by religious vows, far front losing their (liberty, enjoy a liberty greater and 'nobler—that " wherewith Christ lias made us free" (Gallatin,us iv„ 31). The contention that the religious life has done little or nothing for the Church is not only an evidence of hostility to the religious orders, but. it w<j,uld be upheld by no one who lias studied the annals of the Church. Why, do not your own United States owe the origin of tiheir faith and civilization to sons of the religious orders in memory of a member of one of which, to your own great credit, you have lately decreed the erection of a public statue V And in our own days what ready and effective service the religious orders, wherever they may be, arc rendering to Catholicism ! How many are carrying the Gospel to •new shores and extending the frontiers of civilization In the midst of dangers by sheer strength of will ! From them, no less than from the ranks of the secular clergy, the Christian people derives its preachers of the word of God. the glides of its conscience. aiul tihe teachers of its youth, and the Church herself her patterns of holiness. No difference is to be made between the praise to be given to those who follow the active life and those who, loving retirement, devote themselves to prayer and mortification of the body. The great services of these latter to society are well known to tlhose who are not ignorant how much the continual prayer of the just man avaiileth. especially when joined with bodily mortification. If, however, some men prefer to live a community life without being hound by any vow, they are at liberty to do so; it Will be nothing new in the Ghurdi, and in no way blameable. But let tlliem not put forward such a rule as preferable to that of the religious Orders, for since the human race is now more than ever inclined to pleasure, those who have forsaken all things to follow Christ are to be held in the greater regard. And lastly, to say 110 more, there is talk of it betfug necessary to give up the methods by which Catholics have hitherto endeavoured to recall their separated brethren, and to have recourse to otllier methods. On this point it will be sufficient. Beloved Son, to remind people that common prudence forbid® the abandonment of a systemwlhich' the experience of antiquity has justified, and which is indicated in the apostolic writings. The word off God tells us that it Is the duty of everyone, according to his condition, to work for the welfare of his neighbour. The faithful will very well fulfil this obligation imposed upon them iby God by purity of living, by •works of Christian charity, and by earnest aud continual prayer to God. But the members of the clergy, to fulfil this duty, must preach the Gospei carefully, and fulfil tiheir sacred duties with bewminig gravity and distinction, especially showing forth in themselves the teaching which the Apostle delivered to Tibus and 1 to Timothy. And if amongst the different methods of preaching tihe word of God that is deemed preferable by which addresses are delivered to non-Catholics in any suitalble, Hinconsearaited place rather than-ift churches, aud in tflie form of friendly -talks rather tharo of disquisitions/there is 110 objection to be made, provided, however, that those priests only who shall hare previously given proof of their knowledge aiid -virtue shall be nominated to this work by episcopal authority. " AMERICANISM." From what We .have already said, Beloved Son. it is evident that we can In mo way approve of those opinion* •wfoidh sometimes are included under the name of "Americanism." If, Indeed, by that word Is meant certaiu qualities of mind whicli distinguish the people of America, as otiier nations ore distinguished, and in so far as the expression applies to the constitution of your States, and your laws and customs, there is ' not assuredly Hie smallest reason for uh to think that it should bo rejected. But if it. is used not only to describe but also to justify the errors We have already pointed out. what doubt can there be that Our Venerable Brethren, the Bishops of America, will be the first to reject and condemn it as injurious to themselves and the whole nation ? For it. would lead one to suspect, that there are amongst you men wiho make out lliat the Church in America, is different from what it Is In other countries, and mean it to lie so. The Church is one by her unity of doctrine and rule : she is Catholic, too; and since Ood lias decided that her centre and foundation should be in the Chair of Blessed Peter, she is rightly also colled Roman, for where Peter is there is tihe Church (St. Ambrose in Ps. xi., 57). Wherefore, wljoovcr •wishes to be regarded as &-C«liiolic ought to put in practice .the words'of St. Jerome to Pope Dania*us—" T. following no CI lief but Christ. am in comnm/?iio-n with your IIf>!iiios$: Is, witb the Chair of I'etoiV I lifttfw. that on the rock the Church Vas buiit" and whoso .satlieret.il not with l.hee sen tt^reth • "•'••'" These instructions which We give to you. Beloved Son. in fulfilment of our duty, in a special letter, we will take care are communicated to the Bishops of the T.'u'lted States, thus once more bearing witness to the affection we bear to your whole people. w:hieh in times past has already done great thincrs for religion, and which, with God's help, will do still greater things to time to come. To you and to all the faithful of America, as a pledge of heavenly bless! ncs. we lovingly impart the Apostolic Benediction. <?lven at St. Peter's. Rome, on the 22nd of January, 1890. in the twenty- Crt4 venr of Our Pontificate. LEO XIII.. POPE. (Continued on Page 16.) 