DEPARTMENTAL READER No. 1. To the Editor. I am, &c.;, A FOOB PARENT. Sir— In your remarks on the above pub- <*> lication you have been led into error.. The imported Reader, with flexible feather cover, is 7d., not 9d. It is also twice as durable as the Introductory Reader, which costs 4J. Consequently if the new article it got up like the Introductory Reader, tihe parent •wiH fee the Utaer. and not toe gainer. Then. I 'have already boughs an Jvndiffe Royal Reader for 7d. for "my boy in the first-class. This would do {or my girl, who it. non- in the juniors, when she passes into she first. But no, tiic education people stej> in and say, "You must throw that aside and buy a 4d. reader that we bare pub lished to tave your pocket."' Oh. ghost of Hamlet's lather! it's a pity some people were not better employed. Talking about readers leads me an "w speak of the ""Child ren's Hour." This little paper is very well in its way, Irat it should never have been made a class-book. It is not sufficiently thought out and graded like the old readers', i.e., each lesson introducing a few new words. Take an example of my meaning. A c"hiki iwisses intto die i&ird; class, say in May: the "Children's Hour of that month will be of the same diffi culty as the paper of the following Janu ary—nine months after. This cannot be the logical system of teaching reading. Then again, our children know nothing of tie great wrrtors of prose and verse, be cause, 1 suppose, liter are too aauiiuated. and wo nowadays crave for the new. I to?>k liie irouble tome rime aso io aJc every certificated boy or girl I came across if he or she knew anything about Camp -I>e!i. Moore. Byron, or Ooldsaiitb. Xo: most of them had never heard of them, and none of them could repeat a line by heart from the above authors' poems. So you >oc. Sir. wJiat we get by being an very new. Why, it is 20 yean- since I weut to school, and now I can repeat by heart verses from the above author*' best poems, which were selected, put in the readers to Ik read and re-read. :i?d this has been au incentive in after lil'e to know more of the authors* works acd Hicm selvef. Many of our boys and cirls when they leave school will never read anything but the newspaper and perhaps a novel. We are missinp an opportunity of cultivat ing a taste for the great writers, of the pa>l. It is my fervent hope that the pro pprly-jrradiiated readers will soou Jind a vkce 13 our school* /ara. 