Jope the lermit; CHAPTER III. HEC0LLBCT1OBB OF MICHAEL BK11WBNT ? Begun in this month of August, Anno Domini, 1687, at Christ's College, Cambridge. Zicojjle and tbe o.iller talked togothor ?; tbeold fiddler said it vraa cruel to - part u when we were juBt lik« awoeiheaiip, I lied no idea wbtt the word meant, but biu iot,e v bi- ijmpatbe'io and aomfortiair. T e mi'ler, on (be other band, arpuad Ibn it. wan not to bd expected tbat Mrs, Radol fl wniiM jet ber daughter be any lonpi'r rriili a brat tbat had neitbrr father nor mother, ' ut had ioat been picked np under a besh. . He hid b slow, drawling voioo bat h'- wordi made a deep impression 0.1 m--. VV'I. ? be wai gone I aaked my old friend the fl.ld!- ; a qocition. ? Snociiles,1 I laid, biding my wot f.iuo -?- hia thaggT boord, ' was it wroug of ma to 1 e picked up nnJer a bnsb ? ' ' Vfhj, no, my laddie,' tin said, patbetini me up in hiB arm?, Bud Inngliinfr. ' But very 'wrong; o( tbim that left ye ihi- e ; ai.d v/ht ?-'. ye grow to be a man, laddie, I ?' ouid tot ( fl like Jack in tbe fairy tale bihI find thiru the. ' did yn tbat wrong. I hope to God yc'il Ijui yoor rifihie yet. Uften enoo 't i* tho Rrcy dawn tbat brines the fine day. Si don't foi pet to hope laddie. Hupp, maun bo yinv poidinic'star tbrouph life.1 Loofcily for me, Lord's Island did not bui' Audrey wel1, or perhaps she pinnd for com panionahip. At ay rate, it bBppeoed tint c ho was constantly being sent baok to Grang' : Farm ; 10 that practically we grew np to gether, belonging to eaoh other from the ver.t first. As for Anne Fiiber, sbe was as hippv a* I waa when Audrey reinrned, and 1 oror iirard her onre aayinfr, to tbe aerraot who bar come, from tbe island tbat the children di eaoh other a 'mart o* good,' tbat the bo\ mat'e the Rirl bravo and tbe girl made tlif' boy gentle. There wai oertainly truth ii hi l-ae notion, for nobody oonld bare boot, roogh with 'one like Audrey ; and though ah. was ib braro ai anyone oould have desired, ?be iras none of your stuok-up, indeponden: lwtB, bat from tbe first lpvod to bare t atnngfr band to help her in climbing as wo roamed about the bills and sorambled obou ibe crags. In thoia days I think we learnud to knov. eTery inoh of the fells. We would play a Caralien and Roundheads by the hour to gether, and many were the hiding- plaoos in. whioh diatreseed fugitivei found ihelier from imaginary pureaeri. There was what vn called (he Steeple Book on Grange Fell, where Bo'oally in eight of tbe farm we oould bide in a little narrow oleft ; 'and there wai. tbe wood in what ne called the Happy Valley, a liny, unfrequented gaily among tbe bills, where benealb an old yew tree waa a sheltered recesp, whioh we conaiderod oar most aeoure retreat. Bat, perhaps, oar favorite expedition waa a scramble up to Lowdore, nbore in aV aheped opening between Sbophord's Orag and Gowder Crag one could catch a lovoly glimpse pf Skiddaw aod of Derwent water, wi'tb. its i«landa like -litt'e groan dots on a silver Bbield. ' I remember there was a biding p!=-e°'n6t far from here in tbe wood a be twixt Lowdore and AshnoBa Farm. We called it the quarry, and often nude our hunted patriots take Bheltor tbore. But to no one did wo ever reveal these ieeretat but treasured ihera up aa posBcsaions of our Tory own, fully bflieving that snmn. day wo might iioo^them 'ourselves. And what would be the pndH of a seorot biding place if all Borrow d«fe knnw of it ? In tho evenioga Anne wonld sometimes oe pereuadrd into tolling us cf the Borrowdale bi g|!c. She bad not seen ii boraelf, but her dacghtor Agnco bad seen it and wonld novor spe«k to ob on tbe subjeot, looking soared ii the'vor.y word bogle wob Bpokon in Ler presence. This ghost was. a far-away kinimnn of Andrry's — a Radoliffe, bat wliioh of the many bronchos I never clearly understood. Tho atory ran tbat when in the time if tbo Civil War St. Herbert's Islo had benn gar risoned for the Parliament, aomo wag tbadgbt to ainute hitnBelf at tho expenso of oDe' of tho Uoynlitt defenders of Carlisle Oas'tlo, Robert PLillipnon, and psrsuadod bim' that the custodian of Bt. Hotbart'a Is land waa a traitor and would yiold up bi^ Talusble store of ammunition. Ao'.ordir'^ly Anne told ua tbat Mr. . Pbillipson 'sallied forth one night from Carlisle, cat 'ui8 way throngb (be lines basiegiag (he OaBtlo, and with a strong parly of men rr/do np to Oat Bells. Bat then he found 'ihot it was all a hoax; every bMt was. dr Bwn up upon the i»landi and when hft (ar^Baoned tbe St. Her bert's garrison to Surrender* he was only greeted with shout-i of derisive laughter. Ho bad had ? useless lide.of sixty miles 1 After wards be wer^t to Keiwick, where hia men refreshed themselves, while he in great dud geon visited Sir Bdward Radolifia on Lord's Island and told him and the garrison tbero of the way in wliioh tho Parliamentarians bad boaxod him. It cbanoed that one of tho many Radoliffo consiu?, named Jonca, was proscn', and he vowod that be would be ro venged on tho perpetrators of tho joke. A few daya later » young effioor from S). Her bert's ialo waa returning from a day's ahoot ine, and as he B'rode along, bis sorvant following with tho birds, who should appear .from thn trees naar tbeir bnst bub Jsmos Radoliffo, With many bitter words be challenged tho officer, and a duel wbb foagbt by the water'n side, and in this way Jamrs Rtdcliffo met with bis death, and ever sinoe bis ghoitt baa haunted the neighbourhood, being seen by, many both in Grange and Borrowiiale, von tho (rile and in tbe -woods rr.und Dorwentwator, wborco it happons that nobody cares to gr. 011* of'nr dark, sirjoe to meet a gbnst ia enoujh 10 make even a brave man recoil. . It traa well cnoogh to hrar Acne toll the Ialo aa no aot by ibo hearth noar tho glowing logf, tut it was no1 bo pleasant when we bad to go op to bed in tho dark rooms above, and to pans tbe great carved cak obest in tbo painagp, in which it seemed always bo likely that ghosts wou'd hide I Audrey mod to pant like a bnniei stag aa we ran up (be a.airs band in band, but though I was Beared lot-, I am Hum I would bave buokler'ed her ogaira1. a tboutand bog'es, for there was no tbing tbat heartened me ao much as to fed ber grip tight bold of my band ai though aho bad faitb in coy rtreogib. I oiu 91 have been about ten years old whan 1 firav wen', at Sir Wilfrid Lnwaon's reqaeBt, to koop Christ doob at IbbI Hall ; my 1-K-rnn wished tc boo what progress I lull made sinoo I had been n scholar at the Keswiok Uigh School, and Zinogle, who was needed to play Lie fiddla at a duooo, took mo over wilh bim. By the time, we rnaobed Cockormonth wore very woary, and glad onongh to dine at one of tbe innt in tbo. liitln town. Afterwards Zinogle. dropped asloop ovor hU pipe, nhilo I, eag'or to be off once moro, s'rollod out to the open door, and stood witching the busy throng of people in tbe street. All at once there rose iu tho diBtaaco a moat curioua noiie ; every mum cut jl greiv lender. It scorned to me tlio moat awful sound I Iiu 1 u^er hoard, and for a moment I ebni-k in niy-shticn, tltiiiking cunt the day of judif'.notr. \\-s.-i cciuc, aed that nil the ..fiends id l:oll '-orn liBi!?H!e(r to soize arul drag down their viciiuiB lo |_n;rdliioD. [t som.'orted me grouvlv 10 sod 1 but tho landlord* in fpito of lii 9 fiety ?nose nnd abakirjg huudo and the other toitets bo gave of boing a drbnbard, did noli mauifcBt the lvast alarm ; dearly it oould not be 'tho Lnsl Day. 1 Is it a w'ilii Voost show ?' I asked, cheer ing up. 'Ajto timne lionaand beararooring ?' for I bed U«ard Zmoglo doioribe how. lie once me', a trautlling show, and had always longed 10 rjeraft R/jrnsB one* Tbo landlord laughed ^itl tho toara rau down his bloated face, .' BoBtla touting '.' he said. 'Why, no laddie ; those bd tho worthy inhabitants of this town hounding down tbe peBiiloat knaves called Quakers.1 I na9 greatly disappointed. To have s«en lionn and bears would have been an ovent wonlj living for ; bat who cared to see these ecceutrio proaobors 1 Why, even ao kind iheartod a aian oa Sir ^Wilfrid oalled them a ImoB'. dangerons eeot. I hod heard bim say on oiucb onoo when be was in Eeswiok. Still, thcru w»6 oorufort in knowing that it was not the lost day. And now the shouting and jeering and groaning grow louder and louder, and a great orowd enmo into Bight. I scrambled up on to a' windc«-3ill to atn tho boiler, and was mnch fiurf.rBcd to find th«t tboso dengerouB folk iroio tun 14 lit t-ut S'.me po«oi-ablo-looking mon nnd womcr, sc(i my blooJ began to boil to sco (bem ro liahuceUifB in tiio midst of tho rudr, bawrng throng. Though they were pushed and goaded and drircn like beas-.n smid blows and curses, they msdo no nliow wlinicvor of rcaietanco, Eiou the woraon, wh--ri tbeir hoods and soarvtB nere torn iff them by tbe rabble, showed never a sign of anger, bat went calmly on, lor line, I learnt aftrrnardi1, was part of tbeir creed. ' ' ? 1 doubt if ihere is any feeling moro deeply rooted in tbo heartBof moal Engliib folk tbtn tbo instinct that mskon ns rash to the help1 of the il.'-ased and nook. Tin- Quakers suffered c'licfl; leoauae a wavo -;l pttoio waa aweopiog ihrougb tbo lanrf, and mon became orael be cause ttey fratcd ; bet tbry norp also on pcipular'!b»caase. they jpoko plainly against mnny voetod ictoreitr* Oar landlord, for in s'aLOf, wni one cf the foremost in throwing mud end atones at them. But whori I canght sight of a brntal fellow striding along-, ro prntodly stiiking with bin stick Ibo bald bead of onoof ibs Qunkors until the blood streamed down, a aort of fiery strength suddenly poBiessed mo. From tbe vantago-gronnd of window-Bill I snatched at tt-n stick, wrenched it out of tho fellow's band, and dropped it down tbo grating benoatb tbo window. To be continued. } 