The Twentieth Century, Fund. (By the Organising Secretary.) May 2 1 st. Sunday week is Whifc Sunday, the anniversary of Pentecost, when in every Methodist pulpit and preaching place in New South Wales, special sermons are to be preached in connection with the initiation of the Century Fund' With the excellent pamphlet, or letter, written by our ex- President, before them, together with what has already appeared in the columns of the Methodist, no preacher need be at a loss either for text or sermon suitable to the occasion. It is more than a happy Do.i+o,*/^* circumstance that the ? . inauguration of the Fund should have been fixed for the day when we celebrate the gift of Pentecost. The supreme need of our Church in city and country is a revival of Pentecostal Christianity. Now the Century Fund is to be worked as a spiritual movement, and this aspect is to be placed and kept in the forefront. Why, then, may we not claim and receive our Pentecostal baptism for the whole Church on this Initiation Day ? We beg that there may be much prayer — special prayer — on the days preceding this Sunday, that this end. may be attained. Further, we suggest that a special sunbise prayer-meeting at 7 o'clock, for a general outpouring of the Holy Ghost, and specially for the Century Fund effort, be held on Whit Sunday morning, wherever it is posbible. ... TheMon It is hardly too much to day's Ina'ug- say *he, suoce£f °f the +1 n great demonstration on uration. WMt Monday ifJ aS8ured- From all quarters we hear the interest in it is rising, and that crowds mean to attend. Still, everyone concerned must patiently wobk on till our prpohecy becomes history. We wish to d*aw ?especial attention to the morning and ?afternoon services in our own Centenary Hall on that day. If these devotional meetings are what they ought to be, all ?else will come right. The ex- President is to conduct the 11 o'clock service, assisted by the. Organising Secretary. This will be for Prayer and Praise. ' Then in the afternoon, at 3, the Bev. John Watsford will preach an inaugural ?sermon. Both these services should be large and enthusiastic, leading up to the great demonstration at night in the Town Hall. Circulars have been sent The Tea out to every circuit, re Meeting, minding the ladies the number of tables they are expected to provide, together with all necessary details. It is important that all these minor matters be strictly at i»3nded to, in order to prevent confusion. The ladies of each circuit should un derstand we are depending on them to sell the tickets for us ; at least as many in each circuit as the circuit is providing :for. Choir matters are so far progressing satisfactorily. Mr. Mote is desirous of having a' full attendance at the final rehearsal at Centenary Hall on Friday .night, 19th, at 8 p.m. Will all who ?are helping in the Town Hall endeavour io attend this last practice ? This evening (Friday) the Important 12th, an important con Conference, ference is to be held at the Centenary Hall of the Executive Committee and the circuit ? ministers and officers of the Fund in and around Sydney. The object in view is to enable circuit secretaries and ?treasurers to confer as to how they may go to work in organising and working vthe circuits with the best chance of ? success. Some, time, too, may be ?devoted to the question of the Sunday ?schools, and how most effectually to .secure their co- operation. The proceed . ings at the Monday's demonstration too will be revived and hints received. The iour fixed for the Conference, 6.30 p in., is early, but we hope to see every circuit represented, and if possible every circuit ?officer present. The circuit committees Getting are now facing the qaes Ready. tion, ' What amount can we authorise our repre sentative at the Inaugural. Meeting to name as the minimum sum to be ?expected from our circuit?' We do not wish to forestall the evening meet ing, but we may say there are some pleasant surprises in store for our friends. ?One poor circuit sees its way to promise 500 guineas ; while some in ?wealthier circumstances will guarantee four times that sum. Let as many as possible be prepared Lto name a definite minimum amount. We continue to receive Suggestions suggestions from many suggestions. quarters_some itom re. ' mote country districts — as to the Fund, and its method of working. 'Will bur friends accept this acknowledg ment, and permit us to say we are sin cerely glad to receive them ? In some cases they will be of great service to us. In every instance, as showing an interest in the movement, they are valued. If we are not able, in every case, to write personally, it must not be thought we ?do not gratefully appreciate the kindness indicated. 