[?] ' LECTURE , ON. ,T HK BISHO P OF MEL- BOURNE'S FUND; f I i The Rev;. W. G. Carter, of Chiltern, paid a visit to Yackandandah for the purpose of delivering a public lecture in the local Shire Hall .on the, duty of subscribing to : the cause of the church. -The proceeds " were in aid of the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund— a scheme set on. foot to - supple- \- men t the salaries of the poorer clergy in " country, districts There was //a very " : meagre attendance. The chair was taken at 8.30 p.m. by the Re\r. B. M. Warry, vicar of Holy Trinity, who opened the proceedings : with prayer and afterwards J i t explained the object of the meeting in a few remarks. Mr. Carter, he 'said, had not. come to Yackandandah on a begging tour. He knew that the people gave \- as liberally here as they gave elsewhere, but he had come to the conclusion, never theless, that they 'needed a little stirring up. The lecturer, who read- from a music stand, opened with an appropriate anec dote, the point of which was that a Bishop, having occasion to sleep in a haunted house, drove- the Ghost away, .for ever by simply announcing a collection. The Reverend gentleman then entered on a lengthy and vigorous tirade. against; eccle siastical meanness. The Churcli ought to be the best supported of all institutions, and yet it had to beg more than had any other institution on earth. In many instances the Church was unable to reap the rich harvest which was awaiting the sickle simply for want of the requisite funds. And many of the wealthiest churchmen gave the least. It was not so well known as it should be that seventy; five per cent, /of the Australian Anglican clergy received stipends short of the amount agreed upon ; and very few of the parishes gave their clergy adequate salaries. Some people found an apology for this state of things in the excuse that the country was poor. That was not true. The country was rich, and the middle classes in Australia were better off than they were in England. The Teverend gentleman then proceeded to quote from the writings of Scripture to show the duty of liberal giving. This duty was regarded by the Apostle Paul as being of equal value with faith ; and Christ himself had placed it on a par with prayer in his sermon on the Mount. It was clear, however that many good people were deficient in this Christian virtue. It was complained that people were al ways putting their hands into their pockets, and he agreed that that was the case. In no country he had ever visited — and he knew many — were there so many special collecting lists in circulation as in Australia. First, it was for some private object : then charities, then bazaars, and so on, until the thing became intolerable. As a consequence the church which had such a just claim upon their sympathies, was often quite left out- of consideration. It was time he thought they put down their foot upon some of these extortions in order that they might be in a position to respond more effectually to the just claims of their church. Continuing, the rev. gentleman said he did not believe in the church being sup ported by raffles. He did not object on the ground that there was anything wrong in raffles. But he objected to have done for the support of his church what the law disallowed behind the bar of a public house. By way of illustration, the lec turer mentioned the case of a swagman, who once won a tea and coffee service at a church bazaar. Being in impoverished oircumstances, the swagman went to the nearest public house, where he proceeded to raise funds by raffling it again. Whilst the dice were being thrown a constable stepped in, and the man was clapped into gaol. This was for imitating in a public house what he had previously been com mended for doing in a church. It w is necessary not only to give to the church liberally but also to give cheerfully. It was. observable, however, that chuichmen who gave 2s. to enter a circus would give the smallest poin at a church collection. He knew a squatter in the Riverina, worth over half a million of money, who only gave but one guinea per annum to the support of his church, and yet who complained olj the inefficiency of that ohurch's ministrations. Let. them com- parertheir own practice in this respect with that which are obtained in other countries with regard to other religions. The ancient Jews gave one-tenth of their incomes to the church, and the Hindoos gave even more. And, speaking generally, when men gave the merest doles to their church in comparison with what they spent in pleasure, it demonstrated that they believed in these things more than in'God and Christ and his church. He knew a man who out of a salary of £75 per annum gave as much as £20 to his church. The Widow mentioned so ap provingly by Jesus Christ gave all she had. ' Christ gave everything. It was not what a man gave to the church but what he withheld that kept him poor. Every man was exhorted to give as God had prospered him. One's benevolence should keep pace with one's meaus. But men" often gave, not according to their means, but according to their meanness. They needed nothing so much to-day as prac tical faith. Their doctrines . were grand, but it was necessary to live up to them. What was wanted- was a mighty renewal of religious feeling and practical life. (Applause.) The Rev. J. Howard Meek, in propos ing a vote of thanks, said he was glad to be present and to do anything he could to help a sister church. Their objects were identical. It was only in their methods that they differed. He had -not come with the intention of saying niuch/s but heartily, endorsed all the lecturer had said. Mr. Carter had taken a high stand,, and spoke from a very high ground. He (the speaker) thoroughly agreed with the lecturer that the way a man spent his money was indicative of his character. If a man believed in his cliurch it was his duty to further it in every possible- way, Ijy devoting his time, talents and means to it.:; To every right-minded . man there came a tiffle when he realised it to be iliis . duy.tq do. soiiiething to help his fellow men. He agreed with Mr. Carter that ministers did not speak on this subject' of , giving so often as they ought-;- Tie thought, however, that. it was easily possible to " over-do. tfie thing. vIt:seeined io him the best way to get a man to help the church was to touch his heart... (Hear, hear.).' A collection was then taken up on be half of the- Bishop of Melbourne's Fund. During the evening an enjoyable pro gramme of choice music — mostly choruses . from the cantata "David, the Shepherd Boy" — was .given by the church choir, under the leadership of Mr, Jeffrey, and Mr. Alleu, of Stanley, rendered, in con f:" junction - the; pikno, \- some choice selections on the violin.f Miss Moore sang very nicely, and Mr. Jeffrey was _ a pronounced success in "The . Mighty Deep." The meeting closed with the singing of The Old/Hundredth. The reverend gentleman preached a sermon with a similar tendency at Christ Church, Beechworth, on Wednesday last, , to a limited but appreciative congrega tion. Duriug the service the choir, nutn- „ bering, about,. twenty, sang appropriate \- sacred selections, and the collection met with a fairly good response. ; The, largest bog in Ireland .is the bog of Allen, which stretches across the centre of . the. island, .east of the Shannon, and ' covers nearly . 25,006 acres. . Altogether there are nearly 3,000,000 acres of bog in Ireland— that is to say, about one-seventh of the area ef the couutry is bog. . North- Eastern Mail Service. — The r Postmastey -General has been asked by "" Messrs. Graves aud Kennedy, M's.L. A., to arrange for a tri- weekly, instead of a \- bi-weekly, mail service from Benalla to Tftepg. Mr. Duffy promised to obtain a fejpOlt: - --'.- 