ON THE TRACK OF A CONSPIRATOR. (By Lucian Sorrell.) "Haunted? What a queer kid you are, Bob. Why on earth should it be?" i "Ok,<-I' don't know," answered Bob, rather'sheepishly. "Only such a jolly lot must have happened here; and those blood stains——" "W'ere made by some iodine I upset this morning," replied Dr. .Everett, laughing. "See that little sink-, and the shelves and bottles? Well, this is really my dispen sary; and as I hadn't much accommodation I thought it'd be a good idea to fix it up as a bedroom for you boys. I fancied I'd had everything you were likely to want put in; but 'pon my word, I forgot about ordering ghosts for Bob. Still, I hope you'll sleep comfortable in spite of that: Good night." ■ The two hoys undressed, and, jumping into .bed, closed the mosquito curtains. Their father was the owner of some large silk mills at Lahore, and he had,packed them off for a few days on "a visit'to their brother, Dr. Gerald Everett,- who had been appointed a short time before resident Ehg glish physician to the Maharajah of Bhun dapur, Eor several. weeks the old mon arch had been suffering from a mysterious illness, and the doctor, ^vhose services were required at all hours, had rooms in his palace, so the boys were actually dwelling for a time "in marble halls." .Tim Everett, a(matter-of-fact- sort of youth, was quite' content with dreaming about them; but Bob, who had read enough books, of adventure to know that the old marble floors of the palace—per haps of that very room—must have drunk in other liquid than iodine, and that ghosts had every reason for haunting the place/tried in vain to get to sleep. Hour after hour passed by as, tossing restlessly from side to side, he listened to the mono tonous ticking of the little travelling-, clock, and conjured up fanciful pictures, of past tragedies. Suddenly his strained ears caught .another sound mingled with, the ticking; and, sitting bolt upright, he drew the gauze curtains noiselessly aside. A big mosquito sailed in triumphantly, and buzzed over his head. Eob got under the clothes for protec tion; but his head was Very soon out again, for he distinctly heard someone trying the handle of the door. A little moonlight filtered through the jealousies; just enough to show hint, through the thin gauze curtains, that a man, was creeping stealthily into the room. . Bob lay still and held his breath as the figure, which carried a small lamp—as he could tell from the blurred light showing i through the gauze—passed the bed, and stole- on to wards the shelves. ''It must be Gerald," thought Bob, as he heard the clink of glass: "he's got to make up some physic, I expect, and doesn't want to disturb us." lie pulled the curtains ah inch or two apart, and, peering through, saw some thing that seemed to send his heart into his mouth. Standing by the shelves, with the lamp-light full on his dark turbaned face, was a native whom young Everett had already noticed in the palace. Bob lay as still as a mouse, and watched through his narrow spy-holeias the intru der took down a large glass jar, and poured into it about twenty drops from a tiny red phial which he had with him. He re stoppered the jar and placed it back on the shelf, and then crept noiselessly to wards the door. ■ When he reached it, he hesitated for a -moment, turned back again, and, to Bob's horror, drew aside the curtains of the bed. Bob shut his eyes tightly, and hardly dared to breathe while the man stood there, glaring down on the boys in the lamp-light. At last, evidently satisfied with his inspection, the native let the curtains fall; and passed out of the room. 