; THE TOYELI8T, THE WEAPONS OF MYSTERY. : BY JOSEPH HOCKING; i; Author of "AH Men are Lia/re," "Thfe 'Storjj of Andrew Fairfax," &c.; CHAPTER XL—DARK DREAMS AND . NIGHT SHADOWS. . 1 suppose I .must have.gone on blindly for sonic time, for when I again became con scious 1 stood beside a river, while tall trees .waved- their, leafless." branches .overhead,. Strange noises filled the. "air. Sometimes Wailmg "sounds "were''wafted, to ine, wliicli presently changed-into hisses, until it seem ed as. if a thousand serpents, were creeping .all around me. The waters of the. river looked black, while above me were weird, fantastic forms leaping in the stillness ot the night. No words were spoken, no lan guage was uttered, save that of wailing and hissing, and that somehow was indistiuct, as if it existed in fancy and not in reality. Uy-anti-bye, however, 1 heard a voice. '■'Onward!" it said, and I became uncon scious. Again 1 realized my existence in a vague shadowy wav. I stood beneath the ruined walls of an Eastern temple. Huge columns arose in the' air, surmounted by colossal architraves, while the ponderous stones of which the .temple was built were covered with lichen. Large grey lizards crawled in and out among th.e crcyices of the rocks, and- seemed to laugh as they sported amidst what was once the expression of a great religious system, but which was now ter rible iti its weird desolation. Hy-and-bye the great building seemed to assume its ori ginal .shape and became inhabited by while robed pwCsts, who ministered to the people who eaine to worship. I watched eagerly, but they faded away, leaving nothing-save the feeling that a terrible presence- filled the place. - 1 heard a noise behind. 1: turn ed and saw KatTav, his black eyes shining, while in his bund be held a gleaming knife.. IIc.lifted.it above bis head as if to .strike; but 1 had the strength of ten men, and I hurled him from inc. He looked at me jyith a. savage leer. \- Onward! said a distant voice. The temple vanished, and with it all my realization of life, save a vague fancy that I. was moving somewhere, J knew not where. I .stood by a well-remembered spot. I was by the side of ITrcarwaler Pond. Around me was a stretch of common land, on which grew held her arid furze. In front of me were noiseless waters, a dismal sight at the l>est ef iimes, but awful as I saw them. Across the pond in the near distance loomed the dark fir- trees. No sound broke the stillness of the night. The wind had gone to rest, the moon shone dimly from behind the misty clouds. 1 stood alone. Kaeh minute my surroundings became more real. 1 recognised more clearly llic objects which had struck me during my first visit, while Lhc stories which had been told came back to me with terrible distinct ness: I remembered how it had been said, that the pond had 110 bottom, and that it. was haunted by the spirits of those that had been murdered. The story of its evil in fluence came back to me. and in my bewil dered condition I wondered whether there was not some truth in what had been said. What: was that? The waters moved; distinctly moved near to where I stood, and from their dark depths something appeared—I could not at first tell what. What could it be? A monster of fright ful mien? The ghost of some murdered man or woman? 1 could have believed in either just then. It was neither. What then? A human hand, large and shapely, ap peared distinctly 011 the surface of the pond. Nothing more, not even the wrist to which it might be attached. Il; did not. beckon, "or indeed move at all; it was as sLill as the hand of death. I stood motionless and watched, while the outline of the hand became clear; then T gave an awful shudder. The hard was red. I gave a shriek, and for a lime remem bered nothing more., I awoke to consciousness, fighting. At first it seemed as if I was fighting with a phantom, but gradually my opponent be came more real to me. l't was Kafl'ar. I had only a dim hazy idea of what I was doing, except that J sought to wrest from his hand a knife. We clutched each other savagely, and wrestled there cm the edge of the pond. Weights seemed to hang upon my limbs, but 1 felt the stronger of the two. Gradually I knew I was mastering him—then all wis blank. A sound of voices. A flash of Jig-lit. A feeling of freedom, and I was awake! Where? SLill by Drearivater Pond. No phantoms, no shadow, nothing unreal, save the memo ry of Hint which 1 have but dimly describ ed. That was hut as a terrriblc nightmare —an awful dream. Where was Kaffar. 1 couid not tell. Certainly lie was not near; hut two other forms stood by me, one bearing a lantern. "Is it you. Justin?" said a voice. "it is I, Tom,*' I .said, looking vacantly around. "And where- is Kaffar?" said another voice, which 1 recognised as Voltaire's. "Kaffar? T—J do not know." "lint you have been together." "Have we?" I said vacantly. "Von know jou have. What is that in your hand?" J Ijad scarcely known'what I had been saying or doing up to this time, but as he spoke I looked at my hand. In the light, of the moon I saw a knife red with blood, and my hand, too, was also discoloured. "What does this mean?" cried Voltaire. "7 do not know. 1 am dazed—bewilder ed-" - "Hut that is Kaffar's knife. I know lie had it this very evening. Where is Kaffar now?" "Is it true?" I remember saying. "Have we been together?" "That's his knife, at any rate. And what is this?" . Voltaire picked up something from the ground and looked at it, "TvUffar's," lie said. "Look, Mi*. Blake; do you recognise this?" . I looked, and saw a' finely-worked neck cloth, on which was written in Arabic cha racters the words "Aba Wady lvuffar." It had every appearance of being soiled by severe wrenching, and on it were spots o£ blocidl . • My faculties were .rapidly returning to me. vet I stood as one in a dream. "I'ou say, Mr. Justin Blake, that you do not know where Kaffar is, yet you hold in. your hand Ins knife, which is led with' blood. Here is his scarf, which lias evi dently been strained, and on it are spots of blood, while nil around are marks indicat Ing a struggle. I say you do know what tins means, and you must tell us." I reeled under this terrible shock. What had X done? Could it be that I had murder ed this man? Had I? Had I? "I do not know what it means, I said. ''I think I am ill." "Men usuauy are when they have done 1 what 3Tou have," he said. _ j "Why, what have I done?" I said, ill a dazed kind, of way. i "Done!" he repeated. "You know best about that, in spite of the part you play, j Nevertheless, Kaffar has not gone without leaving a friend behind him, and you will have to show how you came by that"— pointing to the knife, which 1 had dropped with a shudder; "this"—holding up the neckcloth; "you must explain those luniks" —pointing to footmarks near the water's edge; "besides which, you will have to produce my friend." A terrible thought flashed inlo my mind. 1 had again been acting under the influ ence of this man's power. By some means lie had made me the slave of his will, and 3 had unknowingly killed lvafl'ar, and he, like the flend lie was, had come to sweep , me out of his road. Perchance, too, Kaffar's death might serve him in good stead. Un- i doubtedly the Egyptian knew too much for Voltaire, and so 1 was made a tool where by be could be freed from troublesome ob stacles. The idea maddened me. I would. proclaim the story to every one. If 1 were hanged I cared not. 1 opened my mouth to tell Ton* the whole truth, but I could not utter a word. My tongue refused to articulate. My power of speech left ine. My position* was too terrible. My over wrought nerves yielded at last. I felt my head whirling around, wliile streams of icy water seemed to be running down my legs. Then 1 fell down at Tom Temple's feet. For some time after that I remembered nothing distinctly. I. have some idea of j stumbling along, with Tom on one side of! jue and Voltaire on tliq, other, but no j word was .spoken until we came to Temple J Hall. Then 1 beard Tom say:— j "He's better now. You go into the ] drawing-room as if nothing had happened, ;vid I'll take him quietly upstairs to bed." { I entered the silent house like one in a dream, and went with Tom to my bedroom, where' 1 undressed like a weary child, and soon sunk into a deep dreamless sleep. 