FOR [AN OR MASTER? Scthliytho ras is tsoub!r. Mo had L-l in tos0 with ti;: rmep roesvchoeksd, br: oted dano ctl oo s manteC. Trne, Seth had been fret in the telt, ansd coud rmeember carrying Nancy on his r.honlder through tho factory yard when she was a tiny golden-haired tot of ?n-_olIy half r dozensu mors ; bht that dcd not alter the atint of t'si gs in the -att. LYstctr oan :. !o h ed `ld i `--"tctc t on the onoa tas?tme Ig wisp o. ti:1io fem-,lthy; anod cthe man-as waa ebe'ply notro] Is occh circtnsaSD"es wont to the wall. 1Mcy7 he tif -bd, in railet, ve-y little sotes In ithe a?tter. In the eawmor habe 'ved chiefly out of dooes inl tohe farmers' fields, listening to the sleepy hum of-the mowing machinoes, with a big hat tied under her bowitching chin to hoop the foscsles awry. The wires sie-e pulled by her mother. Sternneceeesity and an un duly heavy family had convinced Mrs Henderson that half the sorrows of lifo are the direct result of " love in a cot tag; " perhaps, too, at odd moments her anxieoty to see her daughter married to the rich owner of the mills was tinged by a showed approcitiou of the advantages to be derived by herself through such a smatch. The mlIlownor, Ur Granot, was young enough and hadsomeo enough, and as far as it went the aair was all right. The only drawback was that it was rather rough on Seth Blythe, who had loved the grl in his limboring way before oh' w?es out of te cradle co to speaosk. The man took in the eitration clowly. His fo.ends wers not backward In point i-g out that ho hadn't the ghost of a chance with Nancy; buht h wanted to hear heresy it with her own lips. And to this end he followed her into the fields one eveni-g an the soun sew aot ting, and beg.n putting it to her to coe how the ground lay. " Nancy, my girl," he said, "' money en't oserythsong in life, nor a T-rad pori Lion either, l'e heard things oaid about you and iMr Grmunt which I don't beliehove, because I think yea're got more eenoe in your pretty little hoead ; and as well as ithat, dear, somehow or other you seew to belongl to me. You'vre seo€d to belonog to'tss fcr yeace- " The girl hoghed miohievoorly. Seth's quaint rpeoh contrseted queerly with tho smooth, well-rounded sentences of M.r Grant. " What hasve you hosrd oaid about ca, Seth?t she nsaked, looking op at him with a ehy glance of svanity-epreag curiosity. He gaeod down into the upraised face heavily. She hs never olushed hke that for hits. "Oh, heaps of things?, Nancy. Tom lolton ,aid you were going to marry the oaster-ha said hs ad it from-= Mr Grant?s valet. I nearly knocke's Tom head over he?le. I aid he shad better not be put ting .sa-h a lieo among the mn, as you were my girl, and I meant to held on to you." He put his amsrm round Nancy's wait, as if he ?eant to hold her in reality as well as figuratlrely. But with a swlft movement and a gar ing blush the spr-ang from his embrace and leaned against a stile panting. " You msa'tn', ti Bltythe I It's true He riled me to marry him, and I said She made the onfes.sion hal guiltily ; for Seth's honnet h=rning eyes rather dis c.coerted her. He see=wd to read through her and see her secret, that she ras sell In" herself for gold. he drew up and stood array. Presently, however, he returned. His tanned face looked pale. "You'll rue it, my girl," he said. "But I don't believe it's your own doings. And if ever yeou wont a true friend in your grard position tend for ro ne d I'll come to woon" " Why coho-'ld I rue ii '" rho c=iled after hi retro-t:in ficure. " Ir (Geat is as goodr n ma as you ayre any day i' Whether he heard er not sho couldn't tell, for he neolther lifted hos bowed head nor looked back. But aa Nancy crept indoors she Shivered. Soth' woerdo had chilled her liken prophecy of celL II. There was a good hit of dieetirfactiico in tiCe cila. Strikes wero becoming feashionabi in that part of the cotntry ; and, groievonco cr no griounoe, when the fever to alrikogot into e laboer centro the men just Struck. In this care there was a grievanco-real or imaginary-of under paid rages, and the ringleaders of the agitation ca:no to Seth llyth oe e ven ing to oenlist his eympathie. The man rested a big boot on a bench in the factory yard, and with his elbowon his knee he curvoyed the little party secrnfully. "Call yourselves men to 'go out' for an excuse like that T' he thundered. "" Why don't you go openly to the master and toll him what ails you 7 You're a pack of sneaking cowards 1" "The maiter I" one of the group sneered. "You ought to croak about the master, Seth Blythe I Who ' neaked' nancy little Nancy henderson from be hind your back I should like to know T' Seth's powerful fiat clenched itzolf over his rnee, but hi? hand fell without str-iking out. The man who had spoken was a stunted, half-crippled eponimen of ho irenity, and his taunting refrecon to Nancy was on that aeco:nt allowed to "Yes, Blythe," another of the ogitn tors put in, "youn owe lIr Grant some thing for that busin?s. Eaven't you any spirit, man s" Seth laughed. Unconrcionely his hand swept slowlry acroos hie eyes. "What's the are of talking ol 'spirit' with a woman in the qooetiou i' he asked dully. As the days went on the strike beeamo more and more imminent. Seth watched! the fanning of the flame of di?content with aching yes. They wero going to injeuro the mcster and Nano?cy loved hih. Everything that lay wilthie his power to avert the pespnding catoastopho he did, despeto the jeers of the other men. "You'ro a fool for your pnins, Blythe,' a chum told him ono evening. "Youn rmight an well aswim with the tido are go against it." And his chum wan right; for even the hand of the master was turned against him now. On one or two occasions when Seth had met Nancy in the field and tried to pre paare her a little for the trouble that was darw?oing atthe works, Mr Grant had hap peced to meet them lre-ner, and no made the riaoake of regarding the mran's crnerst and guardedl couvereation as a cause for an exhihition of ralneoy. "That brute is altogether too familiar, Nancy," he said to the girl severely. " You meet onever let him talk to you again. The sooner we are married the better, it seems to me !" " Seth V' Nancy answered in surprise at his looks and tone, " Seth-familtel 7 Why I have knoen him almc-st ever rsince I w boan." And iNanc'sa expresion reaied thoeghtlul fer the reat of the reening. Ill. "Well y' demanded the master. " I irn w'aiting to hear what has brought you to my house at this hour of the night, Mer Blythe. No doubt you have animportant communication to make to me connected with the r111,. Come along, my good fellow, don't stand fidgeting there all the veeinig whilo my diner coos! \WVht'e thOe motto " Seth's eyes hid fieed thcensxv?lr co r. pio of red brlch boiuile.?s that were beieg blotted by tho eturly fstling teili.ht; hb ge?o did not ireonre tielf from the win da,bct hetooexpl-ioed hla pree?nca with a btenc:that mayo his coypanion opring to h?s feet. "There' a cloo aon foot, Mr Grantf beholero the men are omad. I heard a r.oe tcer jest now thot they recant to fire the foctory I Good h?ercvs 1 look there !" He had ovept soido the curt:aks c the wledo','and tho two men., setanding Asido by s:ido --a a thin white toz-ee of smokoe Iickth tho loero:ofth ?A lding .l?-eat from end to end. Seth realized that Ulis wr.ning had come too late. The cowardice of the thing seoneod to hallt atunhim. But he wee the fir.t to rouse hi=self. " Come clong, air 1 We mena do romeo thing. Perhapa everybody ln't out; we mest help." By tho time they strived on the econo an excited crowd already tilled the fec tory yard and heddled in the fields around watching the growing flames with fachana ted helplessness. Nobody was doing sany thing. Seth fought hie way into the midst of the throng, dragging the master aftor him, and in a recond or two he was thendortng diroctions and commands at the top of his vokce, and what Is more, they wero belng obeyed without protest. Suddenly his powerful shout ceosed, and for an ionstant, eae for the roar of the hissing flamen above their heads, the night wan still Then there camoe a ehorlk, a panl-etricken cry of iho.cor. A little group of feon had jest appeared at the window of the mseoter's -ivuto oe co. E?en Seth Blythe was for the moment a0tected by the general panic ; then he aoddenly urne?od to lr Grant. 0'Yoe could reach them quie?er than anyone el!m here, sir," he r?id geiotly. " You can go through the paesages with none 1atent keys--no one eloe under ooausthoem. I pic?ked them up oi your dank as we rmshed out, ancae- they raight ho wanted. Hero they a?e, atr." Reginald Grant's while hand wase ex tended nevovcly. Ho fidgeted the keys be?ween hi fiegere without movi?g; his limbo?soand toebavo ahrunk together eand meade him look analler. " Them" hn't a minuto, air. eaou euht to 'a at ono - '." Scdd-fcly Setthe big hand doocended on tho san-?ss' hoalder. Ho arng Mr Grant romnd, and by the light of the flames ho pevoed sharply into his coloerlets flao. " Great heaven I--elky l" he whia pored. "W'y ahoald I risk my lIfo for-a pack of beasts like that I" Grant otam e:red. " I'won't. Yon go yourself." In another second the ?an had nsatahed the keys bock out of the masaesr hand, and the few peop!i of the dicingu Into the boilding throngh theI blinding maoke and gh'to ront foth a taint cheer, that wan taken up b"?.?n ao a toot of outlet to pont-np excitement MJr G:rnt shrank heck a little into the throng; ho wanted to l-eo hinoelf. A band touched hia sleevo, end he looked down iota the blanched, borribed faco of Žancy Hendeeon. "Yes coward--" the girl hined. "tI oao it tl; yoa let him go to navo yoar olctI Yen nent hnt to cetain dmth rather than make ea edart when yen might havo done so in aatety I" ""My dear c?hild, remember t had yen so think of," he haouted bank. The rma ci the floe was deafening. " rou thoeght of mo I I don't believe yoa. Yoe thought af youself--rly yoursneld I hate youe " Slowly Seth Blythe camt back te lifeo hron his ehaurztion nad bare In hk car thero wmeed to be stil rling ai? cmotlonorept, howling cher, tha't ha, greeoted hit:s ho appearod zt ther i? dow of the :?eM-r's oeSco and bb lowering W he.f-lifilese body down int the cro wd with the rope whiclh c.onc bad throet into his hand oa he divoed id the beildinp. " Two mere bodice felleeoed,oed thee, In the Ias tige of eshanootio, ho had roi. lection of a pamic-strickon stIones ~a ha crept over ths sill h i-oalf and beo - rio"sy deeceadi Shand or eIbrad Sown the oetredy fezying rope. Soddcnly a bunding bloat ol ten swept seroesns faoes ned rn ie had oa ?ntco ton of being a?erhod from hcd to foot-then peccontly tcmcthitR conl and acroet cnreaed ise taenod forchh2 his oyes opened in the quiete of Li? Ron' Sreon's little citting-room, se?d he unde ,toed that the cool thing ho hao felt INacy'o soothing finger. e"' Daer," h whispered, then he rmecol? lectedr nad sighed. But Naency swept the sigh out of hin by beonding down and kiating him coleimnly, with her eyes wet and ohinL-, SIf you'll have me, Seth," should, " 11 marry you." n in a month the asimple ceromony took pl-ce. 