Social aod Presentation TO MB. D.'H. STEWART. On Tuesday night last a large number of railway men collooted in the Bod Cow itotel dining-room to take part in a social and presentation to Mr D. H. Stewart, who for somewhere near 30 years was employed in tho Loco Department, when ho rocently rofcirod for the purpose of joining Mr Yates in tho olectrio 'light contract. Mrs- Player had a splendid repast ready, and tho room was nicely de corated for tho ocoasion. Mr J. Willis ocoupiod tho chair, and Mr N. Sinolair tho vice-ohair. After the good things had been frooly discussod, the toast of 1 Tho Queon' was rospondod to in a right loyal manner. Mr G. Oatos followed with a comio song ' 'Souse Mo,' whioh took well. This was followed by Mr A. Sinclair's song, ' Sons of the Sea,' also well received. Mr I. Gregory, who was called on by the ohairman to make the presentation, said, before proceeding with the business of the evening he would lite to thank the committee for the honor conferred on him that night. He was Eleased to make the presentation, ospscinlly as e and Mr Stewart had worked side by side for about 20 years. They had many ups and downs, but he had always found Mr Stowart a straighforward man, ono who tried to do his boat for everyone. Ho was pleased Mr Stowart was not leaving the town. They, his fellow employees, still had some sort of a hold on him. He hopod Mr Stewart would bo as successful in hie new sphere as ho had been in tho Loco Department. Ho hopod ho would always keep his oncinos going and keep good time. Ho concluded by making tho presentation, at tho samo time expressing tho hope that ho would have every success in life. Tho appendage ho was handing to him on behalf of his lato fellow employees, would always remind him of tho good feeling towards him in tho department. He hoped the samo kindly feeling would continue to exist betwoon him and tho e-nployees of tho department. Ho hoped Mr ana Mrs Stewart and family would always be successful and enjoy long life and happinoss. The appendage, whioh was tho sizo of a half crown, wob almost an exact copy of that presented to Mr W. Oarruthers. It was 18 carat gold, on ono side was a representation of a modern locomotive, and on tho other " Presented to Driver D. H. Stowart by his Fellow Employees, Penrith District, as a token of esteem upon his retirement from tho aervico, 23/5/99." Mr D H Stewart, who, on rising to reply, was greeted with cheers, said ho thanked them heartily for the magnificent present, as well as for the respect and esteem shown him. Ho assured them ho recoived the present at their hands with great joy, and ne would over remember them. Ho could say without fonr of contradiction that while ho had been aasooiated with them in the railway service ho had dono nothing of which ho was ashamed, and would refer any person to the Railway Commissioners for his onaractor. Ho mentionod this to show that the confidence reposed in him for ovor 21 years had not boon misplaced. Ho was proud to say that whilo in tho sorvico ho had dono his duty to his masters and to his fellow em ployees. He know the most porfoct friend ship existed towards him by mastors and men. He was widely known throughout tho whole I of the New South Wales railway service, and he bad always had tho friendship of his fellow employees. He had now taken up othor duty; atill there was but a wire separating him from the station, and whatovor he could do for his lellowman ho would do. Whilo tho pulso of eleotricity throbbed from his station to tho railway works, so would his pulso boat towards his late fellow omployoos for their warm heartednesB. Whatever he could do for his fellowmen ho would. He would over romember the railway mon as his friends. If asked that night where his enemies were ho could not toll them. The Chairman then read apologies from Messrs E King, J Scott, F Elliott, J Willis, A Squires, P Fitzgibbon, and others. Mr R Chad wick sang " Maargie Murphy's Homo," and Mr D H Stewart "The Cricket on the Hearth." Mr R Hollis, in proposing the health of Mr D H Stewart, said ho looked back with pleasure to tho number of years ho had been associated with Mr Stowart. Mr Stewart, besides doing his duty to tho Commissioners, had dono much for his fellow employees. Ho (Mr Stewart) was one of tho mon who was -instrumental in scouring 55 hours per week for the men. Not content with this concession, ho had ever been in the van to assist his fellows. Aotions such as Mr Stewart's spoko loudor than words. On bohalf of tho Association which ho represented, ho could say that all tho men respected Davev Stewart. Ho concludod by wisning Mr and Mrs Stowart and family long and prosperous lives. Mr J 11 Tipping noxt sang "Sally Hornor." Mr Stowart, in responding to tho toast, thanked thom for the very high compliment, and thanked Mr Hollis for tho flattering way ho had Bpoken of him. He had known Mr Hollis for a numbor of years, and thoy had always worked amicably together. They had worked side by side on tne engine, and side by ' side on behalf of thoir fellows. He remembered at a meeting of tho association—somo 70 members being present—he felt ho should explain away somo rumours that were put in circulation. When ho had fully explained the oiroumstanoes ho was completely exonerated. Ho challenged any person to say anything against his charactor. He would romember tho meeting that night as long as ho livod, and the present given him would do left for his children when he had passed away. He hoped tho present meeting would not bo the last whan he would meet tne railway mon. Ho felt while aver he was within hearing of a locomotive whistle he would always be welcome at their gatherings, and they would still continue to be jnfttea. Mr Neil Sinclair said ho was sorry Mr St»wart*had replied so quickly, for he and many others wished to say a few words. It was, however, better late than never. He said if Mr Stewart had been allowed to leave tho aervico without some recognition it would havo been a blot worse than " The Braddon Blot." Mr Stewart had been a leader with them; now he was a leader of light. Ho know Mr Stewart thought of his fellow omployos when he turned tho street lightB off at 12 o'clook. Ho hoped ho would endeavour to improvo lights. Ho had known -Mr Stowart for vory many yoars, from a cleaner up to ongino drivor and mspootor, and had ever found him most honouvablo. Tho publio often spoko of tho railway moil how woll they were off, but if many of tho public wero only insido tho fonco they would not stop a week. Mr Stowart was in tho recoipfcof 15s per day when ho was insido tho fence yot ho was gatisfied to go outside. This was pornaps a good thing for some, soino of tho casuals would por haps get a day a week now, and others a day a fortnight. Mr W Rafter said he was both glad and sorry to bo prosont that night. Glad bocauso tho services of suoli a good man was boing appre ciated, and sorry bocauso ho was losing, so to speak, a friend and brother, a worthy mato and friend. Ho wished Mr Stewart 0T0ry sueoess in bis new hero and expressed tho fiopo that he, Mrs Stewart and family would enjoy long and happy lives. Mr T Rolston also added his quota of praise for the many oxcallont qualities of the guest of tho ovening. Mr Geo. Oates said ho fully ondorsod tho previous spoakor'B romarks. He had always found Mr Stewart straightforward and honost in all his dealings. He wished him success in his now sphoro as woll as long life and happiness. Mr I Gregory said he had known Mr Stewart as long as anyone present, had worked with him, and thoy wero olways the best of frionds. They had boon inspectors together. He referred at some length to tho different conditions men worked undor now to "What they did many years ago. Ho also tracod Mr Stowart a caroor and couoludod by saying ho had always found htm a willing and obliging officer, doing what was right not only to the Commissioners' out to his fellow man. Ho concluded by wishing Mr and Mrs Stowart and the little ones long life and happiness. Mr J E Tipping said on behalf of his stall ho had muoh pleasure in being present that night to wish Mr Stewart success in his new sphoro of life. Mr Stewart was a good friend and a good railway man. If over he wanted advice ne went to Mr Stowart, and got good .advice too. (A Voice : Did you consult with him over tho last job ?) He had not dono bo, but if he had Mr Stewart's advice would be worth acting on. . The Chairman, in speaking of tho good qualities of Mr Stewart, referred _ at some length to what that gentleman did with regard to holiday passes. Ho was sorry to lose such a man as Mr Stowart from tho service. Ho hopod, however, that ho would contmuo to havo good health, and he, Mrs Stowart, and family would long enjoy good hoalth. Mr Hairy Smith sang " Queen of the May in good style. Mr II Ohadwiok proposed "The Invitod Quests," making special reference to Mr R Hollis and Mr A Colless. Mr G Oates sang " I Happened to be There, and tho chairman recited " Lovely's Ghost." Mr It Hollis returnod thanks for tho invited i guests, and again made special reference to tho good work carried out by Mr Stewart. Mr J E Tipping sang "Tho Anchor's Weighed." Mr N Sinolair proposed the toast of "The Press," Mr A Oolless responding. Mr G Oates sang " Our Side," and Mr W Eaftor " Happy Are "We To-night.". Mr D Horon proposed the toast of "The Ladies." Mr D H Stewart sang " .Tuanita." Mr D H Stowart then introduced his, friend and partner, Mr Yates, and explained tho whole circumstances in order to dispel the rumors going about. Ho did not know Mr Yates until he came to tender for the electric light running. Owing to his health being affectod by locomotive engine-driving, he had joined Mr Yatos in his contraot. Ho spoke highly of that gentleman's ability and experi ence, and congratulated tho Council on tho great saving they hod mado in the contract which ho (Mr Stewart) was instrumental in bringing about. Ho had studied oleotricity for somo time, and felt convinced that that groat power was as much in its infancy as whon stoam was discovered owing to tho lifted kettle lid. He and his mate (Mr Yates) worked woll togother. . _ Mr I Gregory in proposing " The Host and Hostess " referred to the very great kindnoss ho had always recoivod from Mrs and Mr Player whether as a visitor or a boarder. Mr Playor had boon connected with the Department for vory many years, and he was always willing and anxious to do everything ho could for his old mates. He oa behalf of the committee specially thanked Mr and Mrs Player for having prepared such a splendid spread free of cost. • Mr G Oates next sang " One of the Family." Mr Yatos then followed up Mr Stewart's re marks, specially thanking that gentleman for his groat assistance in the past. 'Mr Stewart on his roturn from some long trip, before he had any intorost in tho business, would generally assist him (Mr Yates) if ho was in trouble. Sinco ho had joined him (Mr Yatos) in the work ho had found him a worthy man, boing both capable and industrious. Mr W Player, in responding to the toast of "Tho Host and Hostess," said he was always pleased to do what ho could for tho railway mon, his old matos. He hopod that would not be the last gathering thoy had. _ Ho had always endoavourod to give satisfaction and people generally camo again. No ono had a greater respoct for Mr Stowart than ho had. _ Ho had been associated with him in tho Council and the ratopayors had much to thank him for. He i was ono of tho fivo who fought for the freedom j of Ponrith. Ho had also saved tho ratepayers J £•100 a year in the electric light contract. Mr D H Stewart returned thanks to tho cotn-.f mittoe for the splondid arrangements made for his entertainment, and roforrod at some length to tho kind treatmont ho had received. He was sorry to loavo the railway Borvice, but as long 1 as ho was within hearing of a railway whistle he would consider ho was ono of them. I The chairman, in responding, referred to the ] assistance received by all railway employees and j especially to tho great kindness of Mr and Mrs , Playor. | Mr A Sinclair said on behalf of the cleaners; he had to thank Mr Stewart for many kind nesses. If a littlo mistake was made ho (Mr Stewart) would not rush away and report it to the Boss, but would call the cleaner's attention to it. In consequence he was a great favourite —a white man. When his engine came in the remark among tho cleaners was "Davey'son this, give her a good do." Tho toasts of the chairman and vice ohairman and tho singing of «' Auld Lang Syne " brought a most successful meeting to a close. 