IN FUL!5 cry; (PUBLISHED BX SEEOULi aBBiSOEllESr. BY RICHARD MARSH, iiuthor of "The Beetle: A Mystery," "Tho Crime and tlio Criminal,'? "Tho Dateho Diamonds," "Mrs. Musgravo and hor Husband," "Tho "Woman- with Ono Htind," &o.;, &o.; .' LCOPIuanT. . CHAPTER VI.— (Continued.) Hi® m OLIiIE, np.t- jw ing on tho \r o in n n ' a wj-i hint, rushed to tho >vin« jgj&M; dow, threw I it open, nnd, sfaSprf xr i t h o u fc I - pansin# for c o n a i — lion, lowered IjT herself till j1) fthc hung hy M her lii'mta to tho sill, nnd then, trust- . ingr to for- tune, drop- ped into ' npnce. Spnoe, howovev, in this c»s»e wns hut a figure of 'speech ; her feet touched ground almost as soon iim she lot go. Gathering her self together to start afresh, she found liorsolf gripped tightly from hohind; She had .dropped, to all intents and purpoees,, right into a policeman's itnnft. A head was protruded from the window : above. 44 Got him?" "Yes, I've gotlnin." But in «o assorting tho speaker was slightly premature. His afterthought was hotter advised. 44 Some of you chaps had better como' down and loud mo a helping hand." The words cumo from him in gnsps. The efforts ho was compelled to put forth wcro such that it was strungo that ho could speak at all. His captivo scorned to bo possessed of the resources and tho agility of a wild cat. In no way could ho got a firm grip. Just as ' he thought he was succeeding ho lost bis footing on tho slippery snow, and in another moment ho was seeing stars upon liis back, with tho fugitivo onco more in headlong flight. A row of blaclc-coated figures, drop ping, ono after the other, from the window, alighted at tho chagrined constable's side; ' they were his colleagues'— arrived u little late. Over tho snow tore Pollio, . the officers . sprinting against each othor in the roar. A . figure was advancing from the front— another 1 constable. Gritting her teeth tho girl rushed furiously on. Iu a few more seconds tlicro would havo been a collision, with diro consc- , qucnces, no doubt, to Pollio, when something induced her to swervo from her courso. A man was holding open a stable door in a fashion which was, to. say tho least, suggestive. She took it as an invitation on which it might be ; as well to act. Sho dashed past it, tho man sbut it uftcr lier, locked it, und pockulcd the ; key. Up came an excited constable, i 44 You open that door." <4Whatdoor?" 4 4 You know very well what door I mean I i Ho you think I didu't sco you let him iu ?" ; "Let who in ? " Tho man's innocence wns sublime. Other ; constables had arrived upon tho scene. They : all mudo him the object of their attentions. i( None of your nonsense! Who do you think? you're playing with? You baud over that key! " They all evinced a disposition to treat him > with but slight consideration. 11 What kov ?" . Ho took something from his pocket, fling ing it across tho roofs, high into tho air. It was the key of tho stable door. Tlio action scorned to increase tho policeman's agitation. 14 AU' right,- my- jnuti! 'This is tho worst night's job you've ever done in all your life! You shall pny for this ! " - "Pay for what? Can't a man do as ho likes with his own door , key ? Things is coming to a pretty pass if ho Can't' chuck it away if lie's got u fancy to ! What next ! 'I never seo nothing like you cojipers ! " His observations woro suffered, for tho present, to go unheeded. Instructions were rapidly issued. 4t Ono of you men — you, Wilson— go and tell thom to% keep a look-out in Duucau street ; theso premises look out on their hack yards. As fust as you can !" A policeman went racing over the snow- covered cobble- stones. Others hud boon examining the construotion of the stable door; 44 This is a solidly-built door, this is. It will take some timo to forco it— unless wo cau pick tho look." 44 You won't pick that lock in a hurry, oven if we'd got the tools, which webaven't. Better try tho'priYntn door.'' . . They tried tho handle of -the; private door,, whioh refused to yield. Thoy turned to the tenant of tho place. 44 Where's the koy ?" 41 Where's what koy ! The key into my 'ouse? Haven't got one— never have had one— don't uso one. When I go in I go iu through the stable, nnd that's the way you'll havo to go in if you must mako a burglarious entrance into, a gentleman's premises." : 44 Any of you know anything about this man?" 44 1 do, sir. His name's James — Bandy legged James, they coll him. Drives u four- wheeled cab. He's a bachelor ; lives hero by himsolf ; there's no one else upon the premises." i 41 Then, in that case, it will be no good ringing. Force open the door !" A stalwart constablo dashed his shoulder hard against it. 44 1 can do it," ho aimouuced. 44 It's only on a single holt." While tlio assault wns being made, tho tenant commented on tho proceedings in a fushiou of his own. 4 That's riglir! Smash the door down! Nover mind what I think ! Break my 'omc up for mo ! You're a pretty set, you coppers ! Talk about you being our protectors — as I seo it in tho paper ! You lock as if you was my protectors, don't yer? By gawd, I'd like to break juto your 'omes, like you'ro breaking into mine." By this timo the door hud yielded. The chief officer examined the lay of tho land— a flight of stairs "was in front, a door on the left. 44 This door leads into the stable. It's locked ; if it's been locked all the time, then perhaps he's still inside. Force it open !" This time the operation wus tho work of a moment ; the door might lmvc been made of matchboard, so slight wus tho mistunro which it offered. rlhu polico streamed in. A four-wheeled cub wus drawn up against tho side : two horses -wore in their stalls— they seemed to he its only living occupants. 44 Pcrhapft he's up iii the loft." The speftkor pointed to ffisquard'holo which \fa8 in tho coiling. Tho chief .called to the men who had.gono :upstairs \ 44 Is thore a door up tliero lendingr&uto; the loft?". /L '/ VNb,' thoro'fl no sign of any loft tip hero. These are all living rooms, thoro'fl 'Ubdoor' whioh-H wo oiiti' t ;ppou . The chief turned to Mr. James. 44 How do you got up into the loft ?" , 44 Jump up, always. I'm the .ohumpion jumper, lam; gives abound, flies through' tho 'olo, and thero you nrb. It's easy, wlion you've dono it," . Torhups ho's pulled the. ladder up after him."-' ; -The suggestion enmo from ono of. tho men. 44 Go and fetch a ladder anyhow." ? .After - a short delay, one wus brought; possibly obtained from a gentleman who was not wholly without a touch pf sympathy for the troubles nnd trials of the minions of the law. - It was placed iu position. Without hesitation a constable ascended . Three or four lanterns from below were flashed on to tho patch of darkness overhead, revealing tho opcu woodwork of the roof above. Tho con stable, ' having reached the opening, turned his lautorn to the mystorics within, 44 Can you sco him ?" . 44Ho,4'if he's' unv where he's lying low, or else he's at the back." ' Even as . ho spoke a truss of hay, coming through tho opening, knocked him off the ladder on lo tho ground. The chief 's voice rose iu tones of command. \ ' 44 How, you chaps, up j'ousgo, and mind this time you get him." . , Heedless of tho disaster .which had over taken their colleague tlireo or four constables started to scampor up the ladder. Another truss of hay met the leader at the top, but this timo ho was prepared. Iu spito of it he forced his way into tho loft. Hi« companions followed. Thoro wcro the sounds of a lively Fcrimmago overhead. Tho chief wont up to keep an eye on what wns taking place. Ho found that already tho capture was effected. Pollio was on her back ; two constables woro holding down lior legs; another was at her shoulders, a fourth was adjusting tho hand cuffs on her wrists. : Ho issued his instruc tions to thoso .below. ; 44 Put a horso into, that cab down there ; wo'll take him in that." ' 44 The door's looked, you know, sir; wo conlt get it out." 44 Then go and get ono from next door or somewhere, only mind you're quick." i A cab was procured. The prisoner, now sufficiently quiet, wns brought down the ladder. By this time tho news of tho capture had spread. In spito of tho efforts of the polico tno mows was thronged. .An excited crowd pressed about the vohicle. v So soon as tho prisoner appeared a voico rang out abovo ' the surrounding diftuords. 44 Why, it's Pollie Hills!" The speaker was the lad, Boh. With a sudden wad dash, he had broken through tho lino of struggling constables into the little open space in' which the four-wheeled cub was standing. A policeman seized him by tho shoulder. But even that unfriendly grip wus not sufficient to silence him. He con tinued to shout, in spito of the desperate efforts he was making to tear himself free. 44 Why, you silly fools, that's not tho man you'ro after! What do you think you're doing ? That's Pollio Hills— that's a girl !" An inspector, who had recently arrived, cainQ forward out of the shadow. Ho peered shrewdly into the prisoner's face, v 44 Ho's right — it is a girl ; and what's more it.'a the girl who laid tho information. What's the meaning of this " 44 1 tell ydu what it means," screamed Pollio. 44 It means that ho's a silly fool who wants to wring his own nock ; and so he can, and so I'll let him know!" Sho pointed at tho lad, with her manacled wriets. 44 That's bim who gave mo the ring and the bracelet, and murdered the bloko in Embankmont Chambers ! I've been dressing up to make out that I was him, to save his silly life, uud now that, after all I've dono for him, ho's -gone and given the game away, I'm off. You can tuko him and hang him out of hand ! !" Tho-inspcctor pressed tho tips of his finger against Bob's chest. ( 44 Do you moan that this is tho mon who gavo you tho ring, uud .bracelet which you . brought to ino.?" . . .... .. 44 Of course, I do — what else should I mean ? His name's Bob Poster, aiul ho gavo mo tlio riug and the bracelet, und told me to keop 'em dark : but so soon a« I found out where lio'd got 'em from I brought 'em straight to you. But I'd havo saved his life if he hadn't been such a cuckoo ' ns 'to givo ino away, and 'him self too ; and now, whatever comes to him ho's brought upon himsolf. Yea, Bob, you know you huvo ! Bob, Bob ! after all I've done for you !" She burst into a storm of weeping. Before ho had realised what was tho actual purport of her hurst of invective, Bob found that ho had a pair of handcuffs on his wrists. He stood looking' at them, like a man in a dream; then ho glanced at Polite, as if ho expected the nightmare to pass away. But tho nightmuro stayed. It seemed, from the girl's tumultuous griof, that her heart was breaking. CHAPTER VII; Jlf THE BOX. rHIS is the second timo." Rooollco- t i o n r o- turncd. He remembered where ho was. Ho wus in a box ; tlmt was tho meaning of tho narrow \v a 1 1 8, the closely ovoi'- liunging roof, tho darkness, Igr tho sense of op- !ir prcssion. Pollie gin had lifted him right off his feet, und laid him down » within the chest. lie re called so much, and tho grotesque consciousness of helploBs- upss winch had como to him on finding him self being lifted like a oliild, and thut was all. The rest wum vnouum. Ho repeated to liiinsclf, grimly, his own words,. 44 This is tho second timo." How long had ho been where ho was? What had happened sitieo? All seemed silent. He thought of tho journoy along tho roof, of tho ontry through tho easement, of the appcuranco of tho room ns. revealed by the flickering matches. Wus ho aloue in it ? Where wus Pollio ? Whnt had taken plnoo ? Ho felt cold, cramped, worn, hungry, ill — perhaps hungry most of ull. A faint light gleamed through the holes in tho side of tho box. Was it morning, thou ? If so, what bad transpired during tho hours which hnu iutorvencd? - Ho tried to collect his thoughts, to arnuigo events 111 their proper sequence. Ho had a huzy rccolleotion of the girl telling liim that' ho would havo to rauko his own wpy out. How, tliep, did sho proposo that ho should do it? Ho eaiuo into contuob with somothiug, with several things, us he slightly shifted liis position. Thoro was a hummer, a inullot, a sharp- edged instrument whioli ho took to he a ohisol, und a saw. So sho had put tools into the box with tho idea of his using them to further liis escape. He had some vague fancy of her huving said to liim something of the kind. Tho idea was chimerical. He never hud shown to advuutago when, he had a tool to liuudlo. l-Io was one of thoso men to whom has boon denied tlio capuoity of becoming oven moderately skilled in any sort of handicraft, Prom tho craftsman's point ho wus. a hopeless subject. Ho told himself that, situated na lio wns, to expect him to win bin way to freedom by tho aid of u hammer and a chisel, wns tthccr absurdity. IIo jtad scarcely room to move, barely strength enough to raise the heavy haminer. It was altogether out of his power tu put it to an effectual use. Ho might avail himself of it tu attract uttontion by striking it against tho sides ol tho box. But thi\t would bo to run tho risk of passing from tho frying pan into tho lire. "Vflio might not hear? What un- desircd auditor, who might ho keeping uu inquiring eye upon his whereabouts? And, 111 any ouse, how should ho cxpluiu his being whovoliowas? As lio luy'ttiid pondered and smiled, even in thut very uuumushig situation, there cumo back tovbim other of tl\fl oeoHUTOVb fthiok had followed on each other's, heels in .suolj quiok succession. Mf. aynps's visit; the tidings whioh lie had biftught of tho wealth which had boon bequeathed to him by so unexpected a tcstator. He smiled still more, and shuddered If thoro aro sucli things as ghosts, aud tho dead man's spirit was observ ing him in liis present situation, supposing such visitants to be oapablo of sentient ombtion, what, at that moment, must tho 44 returned traveller's" feelings bo? A man of fortune, not to spouk of family, abut up, a helpless prisoner, in a wooden box, like tho youthful bride in that absurd old doggerel, 44 The Mistletoe Bough ! " Tho thing was too ridiculous for serious considera tion. Yet, wliut on earth was ho to do ? Ho must do something— must mako some effort to win himself out. To bo found in thoro like a rat in a trap, would ho the crown ing humiliation, and to stay in thoro and not ho found might bo inuoh worse, Picking up the chisel, maldng n half turn, ho resolved to, at any rate, test tlio tool's calibre, against the side of the ohc«t. As he moved, something so startled him that he dropped tho chisol from liis hand. \Yas it possiblo that soino othor living thing was shift up with -him inside the chest? In moving, ho Imd .oxtended ; his right leg ; tho sole of his foot had inadvertently pressed against something, somothiug soft and yield ing. Somotliing : which,; unless ho crrech returned tho pressure. Tho .contact filled liim with such a dogroe of horrot that, for Komo moments, he was bereft of tho power of inotion. What could it bo? A delusion? If not, then 'what? ' He must have been mistaken. There could be nothing thero. Yet. though lie assured himsolf that this was the case; it . was odd how reluctant lie was to put this assurance to the proof. Instead. of an inclination to reach out with his foot again his inclination was nil tho other way— to draw it as fur up as tho dimensions of his prison' would allow. On the other lumd, tho suspense was hideous. On Mich ,a point it wns impossible /that ho could remain in doubt, imd,,.oxert himself to gain egress from tho box. Evon. supposing tliut there was something, It .was, probably, n mouse or a rat, or perhaps a rabbit. It was true that it had not felt like either of tho three, butwhatelfiecouldit.be? After- 1111 intoryal, tho duration of "which was only too perceptible, lie ventured out with his foot again, gingerly, r Ho could feel nothing. He put out his foot a little further. What was that ? /He could feel something which, as it . seemed to fiim,whs possessed of a peculiar quality though wherein lay its peculiarity he' would have been uuablo to say. But, this time, it cortainly l did not return his pressure. His alarm had .been foolish. It was probably'sbmething olso which Pollio had put in with him ; what it was ho had forgotten, if he had over known, TO BE CONTINUED. 