Some SeeWMi Ghosts. —MM <+ Caitlei and Manaiona iSiat are Haunted Scotland, the land of deep enthusiasm and poetic feeling, is essentially a land of superatltion; witness the flrni belief of the peasantry in the weird traditions of tlie West -lnd the Highlands, in the uncanny apparitions, forebodcre of evil to the 'amily to whom they belong, and their avoidance of the so-called abodes of ghosts and eril spirits. Nor do they stand alone in their beliefs ; among the upper class credence is given to much that is supernatural, and not without Cause, as the history of the ancient Castle of Ola mis in Forfarshire relates. Although the whole house abounds in mysterious noises and ghostly visitors, one chamber in particular is known aa the " Haunted ltoom," and access to tlits fearsome place is only known to Lord Stratbniore, his heir, and the factor. There is no doubt whatever about the noises ; one night when they were more weird and unearthly than usual, the present Earl, with several chosen companions, determined to investigate the cause, and went to the room, liardly luid his'lOrdship opened the door, wheu he fell b;i"k swooning. Nor cuuld he ever be persuaded to tell what he saw, or even to mention the subjec t. One old story is that during a'fmd between the Lindsays and Ogilvies some of the "iatter clan, in flight from their enemies, besought hospitality from the owner of trlaiuis. He gave them shelter in this room; but, under plea of hiding them, left them there to starve. It may have been the sight of the ghastly remains which startled the Earl, but.whatever 1 " it was is still a secret. Aufather *cory is that of " Karl l'atie," celebrated for many vices, but above all for that of ^gambling. He played continually, hob- Lubbing with his humblest ' servitor, could' ne not obtain another partner. However, one " Lord's Day" no one could be persuaded to play with- him. The chaplain heaped anathemas on the head of any one who dared to desecrate the "Sawbath" by touching the "Devil's bricks," as he designated cards. Earl rati;;, rather than be thwarted In b'.s de.sire, iuvok'.^ the " foui fiend" to be his partner, locked himtsclf into his room. The "deil" came, aiid then the fun was fast and furious ; curses, oaths,; and shrieks terrified the inmates, and, the butler, uraver than the rest, putting hla eye to the keyhole, had it sorely scorched for his curiosity. The Karl, coming out for a minute to get tho wherewithal to settle up with, returned only to find the room empty, and nowhere could any trace of his ghostly comrade be found. After his death, five years later, the same noises were constantly heard issuing from the room and nInnar the iwrldor*. AHanUank, the seat or tne scuans, is haunted by the ghost of " Pearlin Jean." She was 'be wife of the lirst baronet, and a Frenchwoman, whom he married iu Paris and deserted. When returning to his native land she appeared at the last moment to bid him good- bye, and stood on the forewheel of the coach to address him. Much annoyed, he bade the postillion drive on; the lady fell, and the wheels going over her head killed her. On his arrival home, wheu driving under the arched entrance gateway. Sir .Robert saw " Pearlin Jean" sitting on the top, her head and shoulders covered with blood, and for years the rustle of (silk and patter of Louis XV. heels was heard along the passages. There is perhaps no more notorious ghost than the " Atrlle Drummer" ", his haunt is an ancient stronghold,'Cortachy Castle, belonging to the Earls of Airlle. Whenever his drum Is heard, tho«e round take it as a sure token bf the speedy death of one of the (SjflWe family. The origin of the story the Jealousy of a former Lord of Airlie was roused either by the drummer or the officer whose messenger he was. In rage he thrust the man into his drum, and Aung hlin out of the window of the tourer In which the music if usually heard. The victim threatened, if his Ufe were taken, to haunt the family, and he has been as goo0 or rather bad as his word. The music of the hapless drummer has often been heard, and quite recently, within the memory of those living; in 1844 before the death of Lady Aitlie, and in 1849 before the death of the ninth Earl. Spedlin's Tower, now a ruined Border fortress, was loug haunted by the spirit of a miller named Porteous, who, being suspected of arson, was incarcerated <n the dungeon by Sir Alex. Jardine. Having occasion to go away from home, he forgot all about liis prisoner, who perished of hunger. No sooner was l.j dead than his ghost began to torment the family, and gave them no rest night or day. At last, by the aid of several ministers, the demon was exorcised, and a Bible was placed in a niclie iu his cell. Years after it was thought necessary to have the Bible rebound. Accordingly it was sent to Edinburgh for that purpose. It had not been long on its way before the ghost left its dungeon, fled over the river to the new home to which the family had recently removed, hauled tbe baronet and his wife out of bed, causing much terror and disturbance. Only through returning the Bible to its niche in its old condition was Torteous's reveugeful ghost quieted, and peace agaiu restored. Woodhouse Lee. the seat of the I'raser- Tytlors, is visited by the spirit of Lady Hamilton, of Botbwellhaugli. Her husband is known as the murderer of the Regent Murray at Linlithgow in 1859. and surely no assassin had ever greater provocation. Knowing Lord Hamilton was from home, the Regent seized his house, turned his wife and child out naked into the fields ; before morn she was a raring lunatic, her Infant dead, probably murdered, and now her restless spirit haunts the abode of her former happiness. Part of the masonry of the old building was used for the present mansion, which is bnllt on the Pentland Hills, four miles distant from the seers of the tragedy ; and but a few yearrago the domestics were terrified by the apparition of a lady robed in white holding a child in ber arms, which shows the spectre is still faithful to her old home. The Inverary ghost is another wellauthenticated story, the hearse of which drives up to the door of the Castle before the decease of any member of the Argyll family. It Is said, during the Illness of the late Duchess, that two of the servants at Inverary, while resting in the gloaming, heard the noise of wheels, unbarred the great door of the entrance-hall, and, on opening it, found nothing there. Shortly afterwards they heard of the death of their mistress. Duuvecan. the home of the MacLeods, the oldest inhabited castle of Scotland, Is visited by those delightful spiritsfairies. ' There is still the fairy flag, given centuries ago to the Chief of Macleod by the fairies, and which always brought them victory when they took it into battle. A room in the tower is devoted to them, music and dancing are often heard, but all vanishes when the door is open. —" Gentlewoman." 