FRIGHTENING CHILDREN. Nothing can bo worsa for a child than to be frightened. The effect of tbe scare it ia bIosv to recover, from ; It remains sometimes nntil. maturity, as is shown by many iustancea of morbid eeueitiveneas and excessive nervous ness. Not unfn quently fear is employed as a means of discipline. Children are controlled by being made to believe that something Lemma wm nappen to inem, and punished by being phut up iu dak rooms, or by using put in places they stand in dreed rif. No one without vivid memory of bis . childhood can comprehend how entirely cmel such thiogi arr. ^ We have often heard grown persons toll of the sufferiug they have endured, as .children, UDder like circumstances, and recount the irreparable injury which they are sure they than receive'. No parent, no nurse, capable of alarming the youog ia fitted for her position. Children, as near as posBiblf, should be trained not to know the sense of fear, which, above every thing elfip. in to hn fanrorl in ttiAir orlnr-nH/- v. ' early and late. Some interesting facts dealing with the fears of children have been collected by a well-known professor. He has found that 1701 were afraid of 6456 things. The leading feara :wero lightning and thunder, reptilep, strangerB, the daik, death, domest!o animals, water, ghost?, insects, rate, and mice, and high worde. -Some of the fears were the results of personal experiences ; that' Is, In a dfstrict where a great wind had wrought a havoc the children were afraid of it. In other cases the analysis showed by what means parents had worked upon the imagination of their children. In one district 16 poor little ones were dreading the end of the world. The most gratifying fact of all was that not one child had been frightened into obedience or good conduct by the f-mr of the devil. A century or two ago that fear would have led all the rest. The pleaelog iuforence Is that, parents now dwell upon affection and love to insure the goodness of tbeir children, instead of terrorising them with Satau's wrath. 