A GOOD BET. j Some years ago, not far from Kings ton, there were two houses inhabited by new tenants. The one was a «t&r-; iog red brick viUa, with extensive grounds, the other was a ramshackle cottage, with a little strip of garden lu froot of it. Tbe former was the rcsldeaoe of Rob Hotvlet, the book maker, while tin latter was tenanted by Dick Mertou. .in erstwhile owuerof racehorses. Some two years before Mertou's turf caroi»r had come to on end. aa ill-luck would have it. josr. when, if continued, It would have begun to be prosperous. At that rimo lie owned a yearling tbat nftorwArds won r.ne Derby, and was, when this story opns. ihe favorite for ihe St. Leger, it was Howlet'fl cus tom every morning to walk up and down the drive t»y his front door wJth a bis: cigar in lils mouth a ad his hands <n bis pockets, and lie would seem to derive much comfort from tbe aspect of Dick Mertou's humble dwelliog. Tho two men had known each other in the business of racing, and tbe bookmaker had ooce had a dispute with the owner, ft would seem that Morton had forgotten the latter fact, for one day. as Howlet swaggered bi< fore bis mansion, Dick came out of his corrngp. and Instead o£ making for the hostelry, where he usually re freshed, himself, approached the book maker's pretentious gates, and camo through them. " He is going to try and tap me," said the bookmaker to himself, and as— unlike most of his closs— he was nor a generous man. he resolved that Dick should get nothing from him. Mr. Hnwiet had come to a right conclusion. Merton. Jt seemed, was terribly in want of a ten pound note, as he could not pay the rent of his enttage. He asked the bookmaker to help Mm. "I have paid you a good lot in my time." be added. "Thai's a good ton. that is." replied Mr. .Howler, "roll that for a yarn. I am to keep you 'cause you tried to win my money and didn't. You can go and hang yourself. Yes. you'd be worth a bit of money If you did that. I would promise o hundred for your funeral expenses." "Yes. yon would like to see me dead It would void Dictator's nom- nation for the Sr. Leger," replied Merton. Mr Howlet stared at the other for a second or two. and then, without any more words. u.» turned and walked into bis house. sUrninJop tbe front door. One morning, about a week afier this. Howler happened to see a dog cart siopplmr at Dick Merton's door, and he recognised lt as (bat of Mr. ; Mnnisty. n local doctor. j " ITopp there Is nothing wrong with i my friend Mertop ?" 'he bookmaker I nci-Pf? nf) doctor came out of the i cottage. t ! ' is j>c n friend of yours ?" said the ' doctor. "Well, u.nro Is nothing very wrong with him jnci now. but be ought to to ke great care of himself. He j h In a very delicate state. HI constitution is all knocked to hlis, and if h<» hnfl op Illness of anv sorti he has no strength to .resist it..'1 Mr. Howlet said very little, and ranie to the conclusion tbot tin? doe- ior'« report <bd nor amount to very uMii.ii. « .L-riaiiiiy. ji ruore was any reason to expert that Dick would not bve until the great north country race was rim. ft woud he well worth tak- Jug 5 to 1 about King Lenr, the second favorite for the £»t. Leger. for. with the Derby wtuijer out of tbe way. it would «eeru to be almost a cerlsintv. Ktog Lear and Dictator were— bv a long war— the two I vest horses of their year, and it was hard to see that there was anything else in f lie fit. Leger that had the remotest chauee of hat ing thom. Tbey had finished first and second in flip Two Thousand aud the Derby, and in Another race at New- market King Lone would be certain to win the St. Leger 1f tbe favorite fell down— «o a very good judge of rac ing had written. If not. lie would Ik» certain to come in second. Tbey were laying 5 to 2 on Dictator, but if anv- « thing happened to put him out of the race, they would lay even longer odds on King Lear. As this was the case. it fa nptirflivcc m e»T. \<> it I... ua,. IU<U .HI. JJUWICl was interested when, a week after his first conversation, he aeain saw tbe doctor's dogcart at his neighbour's door. " Well, how is be getting «u be asked, having waited lor the duetor to come out. "Ah. I am glad to sec you. Perhaps you cau tell me If be has any relations who ought to be told of his state. He Is down with typhoid fever, aud in Lis poor health it is very serious indeed." " Do you mean he Is In danger V" " Well, he may at any hour become in very great danger; but lie may pull through all right." " Well, he has no relations. 3 am the greatest menu ne mis in the world. He riiose this cottage to be near inc." " Then 1 need lake no mure slops about telling anyone," said the doctor as he jumped into bis dog-cart and drove off. Never was a man more anxious iu bis inquiries as to the health of a Kick friend than Mr. Ilowlet. lie even gave up two days racing so tbat be should be abb to hear the very lutes! news. On tbe morn ing of the third day be saw Dr. Manlsty coniing from ibe cottage, and was struck vrith soiuctblug In his expression. "Ah. it's all over." said the doctor, "and it seems his death will make a great deal of differeucc to a good many people." " Well. I can't think of a single per son who need be told of It. Bar myself, 1 don't think he had u friend iu the world," raid Mr. Howlet. thinking that lie would lose no time iu backing King Lear before tho uows was known. " He told me tbat bis death would put Dictator out of the St Leger, and 1 pro mised bim that 1 would send telegrams to one of the news agencies aud to seve ral sporting clubs" Ilowlet stared at tbe other for a minute or two with a curious expression iu his little eyes. "Look here." be said, afler some thought. " I cab afford to make it worth vour while to keep back those telegrams for twelve hours. That's all I want, and I will give you a hundred." " What sort o£ man do you take me forV replied (he doctor with a good deal of indignation. " Nothing «uld induce me to disobey the injunctions of a dying man. Let me tell you Uiat you liave juade o great mistake as to tvliat port oC man I am. No, sir ; 1 am going 10 send tljese telegrams off." Wlio could he waylay and get a big bet with about King Lenr before tbe news was generally known? thought Mr Howlet, and be turned round and hur ried to his house to get ready to start for latudou. He had. however, not got to his front door when he heard the noise of wheels annroachfng. and who should be driving nasi his house but -the very mau of all others whom he would wish to see at that particular tHne. This was a cer tain Mr. Hamlyn, .owner of a few raee- borses. aud a very heavy bettor, who lived in the neighborhood. Bowlet hap pened to know tbat Hamlyn thought Dictator's winning the St. Leger a cer tainty. The bookmaker asked for a lift, as lie warned lo catch a traiu, aud di rectly he was lu tbe dog-cart he began to talk about the St Leger. \- 1 am going up to lowu to back King Lear." said Mr. Howlel. "Well, 1 should say a good many would be going up to town to-day with the same idea. Pity you dldu't do it before," replied Hamlyn. Howlet found himself .wondering whaf the other man could mean l Conlo he have heard the news ? " Yes ; the trial King Lear won yes- terdav makes him good euough to win nine out of ten St. Legers. but he cant beat Dictator." ,. - "Thev will hack bim, i hough. Sou see he won't be at more than ti to 4. " He won't go to such a short price as tbat because he has won a trial,' replied I Mr. Howlet. thinking how little any trial could matter. ' " Yes, he will ; but be won't win," re plied the other. " I tell you what I will do," said Mr. Howlet, after be bad been silent for idme minutes. " I will take 9 to 4 if you care to lay It In thousands." "I think they will make btra a hot favorite, but I will lay you £5500 to £4000." Howlet thought it was absurd to be lieve tbnt there would have .been the i slightest chance of any trial that he could have won making King Lear fa vorite, so long as the Derby winner re mained in the race, but as things wore, the odds would probably be about to 1 on King Lear winning. So he took the bet. For the rest of the drive to the sta tion, and during lite journey up to London, Mr. Howlet was rather silent, for he was calculating how inncb his bet was worth, and wonder ing why snch an absnrd rule aa that, which caused the death of the nomin ator of a horse to make the nomina tion void was allowed to remain un repealed. It would lie hard ou the bookmakers wuo uuu ioju ue-.u-,. v«.i. King Lear nnd Dictator, for they would have ro pay tho bets they had laid against King Lear. While all their twts against the favorite would he void. When they arrived in London tbey both went to a sporting club, to which they belonged. Howlet thought that It would be amusing to watch his friend's face when he learnt the news — which would probably have nrrived by that time — of Dick Sforton's death. There were only a few members pres ent. however, and the doctor's tele gram did not seem to have arrived. Nor did it appear tbat soy of them had heard of any wonderful trial that King Lear bnd won. hot Mr. Howlet cared very little abour that. Hamlyn, he could see. was Inclined to think that he had made a very good bet. for he suggested that they should show their books to -two members wbo were present, so that there could be no grounds tor any dispute. & course to which ho naturally had no objectioD. After that HamlyD left the club. rreseuuy iwowr lurtfi'Tjje'ujueiupjypcu Id, nDd thp Si. Loeor was montiobru quce or twice, but tlipr-1 was no stiru that, the dortorip t#»lej;ram had arrived. Howlet wondered whether tbe doc tor was thinking better of refusing bis bribe, and h«» thought of backing King Lear— agaiust whom tbe.v still laid 4 to 1— When a servant came to liiiu. A gentleman wished to see him. " Depend upon it, lt is Dr. Mauisty." Howlet thought. He saw. however, the very last person he expected to see, Dick Merton, or bis ghost.' "Thought you'd he intorcstod in bear ing that Manisty was a little premature, and that T have tnadc >t wonderful re covery." said Dick. " I ooi thankful for all your sympathy." Howiet was never able to prove tbnt there was any conspiracy between the doctor. Mertou. nnd ITo-mlyD. hot rlio doctor, he learnt, took a good deal of in terest in racing, and in his own mind he never doubted that (hey all shared iu a bet which be>hnd every reason 10 knew Iboy must hnce found a eery good one for hedging purposes.—" fipuitiut' aud Drarcatie News." 