HA8HADiEOlK LIGHT do BY MRS MAY AGNES FEMIN. I ",rAthor of "The Star of De Vere." "Wed, YetI S: o Wife," "ordo Rory," "A Womate' -'! Hand." "A VWonderful .Woman." i:. I'Norlne," &e.;, &C; .-' al '"i PART?I. :" 'I OBAPTOIR III.-(ColitinueG.) st 'He Wears no whiskiers or beard, a heavy c( barkn moustache. alone shades his mouth, but does not'conceal its fine, determined u Contour, nor the sharpely, well-rounded al obstinate chin. A man whose reputation st 5 tnot ligh?tly to be trifled -With; a man snotto be too quickly or easily accused; a se .maDl Who knows how to defend his own rt :bonor nod good name, or the mouth and 'c?ti? Those dark, determined eyes belle ; ta.n. D Dr Panderhoir goes, and the ser- to wants are examined. Have any of them a0 se0n tramps or suspiclous characters lurk- A tong about iately?-and then It comes out to that the stable-boy has. Johnny, the sta- lii ible boy, appears, looking frightened and 'Irresolute. He stammers a' great deal, 8[ and what he has to say is not easily got m at. Got at, however, it amounts to this- ti at seven on the morning of the death he la saw ;a man coming out of the summer- of house in the grounds, and hurrying away si towards the gates. Did he know the man? to No, Johnny does not know him, but snore frightened than before-he breaks cl off, and looks askance nt Colonel Ffrench. d '"Twas him!" Johnny says, with a or burst. cz Then there was a thrill, and a hard tl drawn breath, and a sensation through the -crowd, If you like. And in the midst kI of it Colonel Ffrench rises, as calm as he di Is wont to be when he leads his men to the hottest of the fight, but perhaps a fa trifle more pale.. "The lad is quite right," he says. "I left tl the summer-house about seven on that si nmorning." se "You are not obliged, Colonel Ffrench" no \--begins the Coroner, nervously, but in Colonel Ffrench goes quietly on:; "I had been bhere about ten the preced- w ing night Private business, concerning so only myself and Miss Martinez, brought hi me. It was not necessary to disturb Mrs to SFanshawe by my presence, so I did not lh see her. I remained conversing with Miss la Martinez over half an hour. Then I left. th -It was raining heavily, and blowing a it gale. I did not care about facing the two anile walk to St. Ann's in the teeth of the storm, and knowing the place well, I went st to the summer-house. I sat there for some hours, but the storm did not abate, oT and finally I fell asleep. I left as'soon as Tn -I woke,- about seven, and so missed the nh first train to New York, which I intend- bi ed to take." o0 There is silence-extremely awkward or silence. Dr. Hunter, the coroner, has n teverfelt so embarrassed and nonplussed in his -life. It has an ugly. look,.-a devil- o ishb ugly look, he thinks, for the colonel. What the deuce. made him stay in the summer house? - Confound the sumnser P house, and confound Johnny's prying fr eyes.. He gives that youngster a savage -i glance that makes him quake. There is s not much more to be done. The whole 61 thing is hasty and informal, the jury feel as uncomfortable as the coroner, and about noon a verdict in "accordance with the facts" is returned. Mrs Fanshawe has died of heart- disease, Induced by the shock of the robbery, committed by -some person or persons unknown. The detectives down from New York look at one another and grin. Mlen ex Change looks and shrug their shoulders, coroner and jury look unspeakably re dieved, and depart with stolid faces. They 'throng disperses, and Colonel Ffrench follows, amazingly erect and upright, cool and unflinching for a suspected criminaL is That evening brings Mr Dane Fan shawe, pale, breathless, horror-stricken. Vera looks at him in honest surprise, as she sees the grief, the real regret. in his face, and softens to him ever so little. After ill, perhaps, some men .cannot help being half fool, half knave- it seems horn with them-and he has reason to be g sorry for lie has killed the goose that laid to the golden eggs. Vera cannot refrain from .telling him so.. ,.- : . -;. ti "All that will not bring her back,'" she ti says, with a touch of scorn. "If you had- t been here it need never have happened. a 9 say t it your doing as much as the bur- JI glar's.' . -. d "But, good Heaven! Vera, how could I t tell?" He Is so pale, so piteous, so tremu lous, as be says it, that-she relents. "I t did not think-how could anyone ever think-it would come to this?' "She showed me your telegram!" Vera exclaims, here eyes flashing. "From first I to last, Dane Fanshawe, you have acted \- ..t~ owards her like a brute, and, oh, my I poor little Dot, she was fond of you!" I He lays his face on the mantelshelf -with a groan. He is actually crying, the weak, poor creature; but it is more than Vera, than anyone would have given him credit for. .. i "I would give my life, -so hear sme, Heaven," he says, "to bring her back.'. 'Perhaps at the moment he means it. She sighs drearily, and lays her tired head down upon the'coffin. , . . "Bring her back!" she repeats, with a sob; "bring her back! " Oh, Dora, my dear, my dear!" ' She has not wept much, but -some subtle chord is touched every now and then, and a rain of tears follows. -She crles now silently and long. "My dear little love! my dear little love!" she re peats, over and over. Never once has one unkind or harsh.word fallen from Dora's lips to her. Dora has loved her, cared for her, made sacrifices for. her, and in Dora's dying hour, In her despe rate death struggle, she was not there to save or help. - -" Richard Ffrench? comes, and:she lifts two streaming eyes for one moment in Sappeal tohis face.- - .- - "You are all I have-do not leave me'" that glanice says, if he could but read'it. He takes his place nea-r her In silence; .ut -a silence that is full of.symlpathy, and that soothes her. It is good to have him here--it is a comfort, a protection, something to cling to her in her great end sudden shipwreck. The funeral is to be next day, and the concourse will be unprecedented. The Wholecountry side means to turn out in -sombre force. Friends come down from the city-no such funeral has ever taken place in St. Ann's. Many persons pass -In and out of the room of death. Vera '-is : -there constantly worn and wan to a alegree. Once, as she sits at her dreary and solitary post, a small, common tooking man comes up to her, and Snri?es an awkward bow. "Ask pardon, miss," he says, in an • spologetic, guarded undertone. "I'm 'Daggit." Vera stares blankly. "Daggit, miss." repeats the small man, 'In a whisper, "of the detective force Sorivate. Employed by your sister partly-lately deceased. Down here on my own hook in this unpleasant busi mess. TVould you mind telling me, miss, who that nice-looking, lady-like young gentleman is?" He polnts straight at Dane IFanshawe. "Him, miss, with the wipe--ask par. \- on, the handkerchief-up to his face -4Ie's her husband, ain't he, misso' "Yes," she says, mechanically, "It is -tr Fanshawe." Mr Daggit's light eyes seem to bore -,two holes through Mr Fanshawe's an .atomy on the spot. "Thanky, miss. Yes, I knowed it was Tot on good terms, was they, miss-him \- aad the deceased party? Speak up, -s?mis, if you please. I've tackled thl t(ol on my own hook, and mean to see \- daytight." S"No, not on good terms,' answers Vera, still half-bewildered as to his Sdrift. --_ t "Hard-up, wasn't he, miss? ,tning .338 after lpiaydator-asltk pardah for iam- he 'Ig liar 'They'ro _epenisfe, that l6tl it uncommon! .-?Deeased party--ask par 4 in don, lady-.Wouldn't pay his debts? or Hem-mi"'. : I Mr Daggtltbores another hole throi~d m: Mr Fanshawe, and passes his hand mus- th ingly over his mouth : i "Was in Philadelphia at the- time th wasn't he?'! lo' "In Philadelphia-.; ca "Only saw it in:the.'Herald', by chando -rum start :.that, for, a man! Th Coroner's gotthe hoir?," he says -s hi abruptly. that-Vera stares at him ono he more. "Yes,"she says, wonderingly. The light eyes are on Mr .Dane Fan fa shawe's . Dundreary whiskers, as. i I counting every separate hair. ha "Hum-In!" he muses, again. " An that tall.gent, with the broad shoulder, and his'head-up, is he heir?-him. a, suspect?" :.. "I don't knoi.vwhat you mean,"Ver I says, shrinking from him in sudden ter ror. "I don't know who you are." . "Ask Pardon, miss, for, troubling you Won't ask any more questions. .:. I'm Daggit, miss, as your sister employed to J look up that precious husband. of hers and that singing hussy-ask pardon ' And I haye looked him up, and I mea to keep on looking him up, and see day light, if I'm shot for it!" p. That is.the last of Mr Daggit . Vera sees-him no more, and forgets him in c" momentt. -For the metallic case enclose he the rosewood coffin-she is taking.he last look at the dead face, her last'kis or of the dead.lips, the last farewell of tli sister she loves. This side of eternit. 8 they will meet no more. hi " Oh, my - love! my love!" sh A cries out, wildly, struck with sud th den horror and panic. Some as one comes at that frightened, helples he cry, and puts his arms about her beforel them all, and holds her. . s "Vera, my own love," says a voice she co knows " well. "Vera, my dear, my dear!'. . . . t. And she clings to him.and hides her a face on his'shpulder, quivering all over while the coffin Is screwed down, and the dead woman taken away. In these n sublimated moments we forget our selves and.the world outside of us, bu never for long. He lets her go, consigh Ing her to the care of Harriet, who look a on, tearful, but approving, and goe ts with the rest. And Mrs Grundy does no say much- consldering she has know him so long, and been always attaches t to him, and the occasion, and every- h thing. And he Is a splendid fellow, th a ladies declare, in an irrelevant burst. Ol the whole, some of.them would not mlii. it themselves. 7 .,. They' lay Theodora :Lightwood Fan shawe :in the'Charlton:. vault, wher John and Robert Charlton already lie and leave her. She is dead and buried The interest centres in Colonel Ffrencli now. Things look badly for him-very In badly... Murmurs are. rising, swelling s growing louder. He is.the heir, th pi only one to.benefit byher death. H- s was there .that night-no one know. th why, he spent it in the grounds, oy his t own:shwlng. - a He and.Mrs Fanshawe were.notgood s frlends-it:looks badly.- If he. as: o poor man he would not be let off scot f free in thlisway; he would not .be -a .large with the -cloud of robbery amn slu en death upon him. The rumo g s louder and more threateningan' re es Charltonr It-reaches Harriet a arriet carries it to Vera. The en pr be that Colonel Ffrench, before a w , will lie in prison. - o days have passed since the fun e , it is the afternoon of the third. n C ael Ffrench sits in his "oom at the St. Ann's Hotel. No pulb I emonstraton has yet been made no one sees the gathering storm t clearly than he. He is strong:th cted, he cannot clear himself; be another day a warrant may be oun rr?tes t..ema. belodgdJn th.? l t, braced himself to face his fate os the blow. What must be, mus al ss is a fatalist, more or less-it It is tren, it is written. Of course, he at wdo hat he can, but the prospect I gloomy. He must resign his com lon, inform his friends, put. his af- y sn order, leave Chariton Place in i Icare of the lawyers and of Vera, and jht for what Is dearer to him than life -his honor. Will Vera believe .him guilty? That thought is the hardest i to bear of all. ra :-It is a gusty, overcast evening, almost e the last of the month. - A fire.burns in the grate, the last: yellow glimmer of hI the frosty autumn sunshine steals in and lights his writing-table. He is bus ft Jly.writing letters, making most of th st dying daylight, when there is a tap a A t the door. i "Come in," he says, without lookin f C up. n r Some one comes in, and stands silent :., some of the hotel people, of course. i \- "What is it?" he asks, without turn 8 t Ing round. I There is a rustle of woman's garments t y He turns quickly; a long, black, veiled a figure stands before him-a ghost - in g f crape and bombazine. t e But, despite the heavy crape yell, he n knows her. n "Vera!" he says, and rises 'in vast g amaze. , She throws back her vell and lays hold of the table, as if she needed sup t port. She is paler than he has ever i :d seen her-pale to the lips-and her eyes shrink and fall before his. - :h "Sit down," he says, and places a 1y chair; "how.ill you look! 'You are not fit to stand." se She stands, however, and makes a Id motion to speak. She is greatly, strongly 1e agitated, that he can see. Once, twice, ar she essays before the words will come. e- "I have heard-that you are-suspect as ed of-of what has been done.-I havy m come to say that-that I am sorry." Sr. It is with the utmost difficulty she 'r, says this much. Some inward feeling e- moves her profoundly. But his whol re face lights. "Thank Heaven!" he says: "it is like its you. You do not believe it- you wil in not believe it. Say that!" '"I do not-I will not-I never can." !! "Thank Heaven!" he says, deeply it. moved. '?It is like you-it is like you. ee I do not care half so much now. I am sy, innocent, Vera: need I say it? : When ye I left you I went straight to the sum , mer-house-I was nearer you there than it elsewhere. It was for the last time, and I istayed. Believe me guiltless, he and it will matter little who believed 'le me guilty. Men have suffered unjustly in before-I can bear It as well as they." om She makes a second effort, greater en than the first. He wonders what it is Iso she is going to say.- - - a "I want to tell you-I have come to tell Sa you-that I"'-- a pause-"that if the an try nouncement of our marriage will help mn you, I will announce it. I-I will stay nd with you-I will be your wife." an The last word is a posltive gasp. No Swords can tell the effort It costs her to say this. She turns from him as she doe say it, and walks suddenly to one of the windows. It is not alone the offer a' itself, hard as it is to make-it is the construction he may put upon it. As ' the sister of the rich Mrs Fanshawe l only a week ago, she rejected with scorn iss and pride the offer of being his wife. As the impoverished sister of the dead mg Mrs Fanshawe, she comes to him - the heir-and renews the offer herself. How g hard she has found it to come- to say Sthis--only Vera's proud and sensitive heart can ever know. Let him mis understand if he will--it is all a mis understanding, from first to last. She ore will make it if she dies in the effort to say the words. Blt he does not mls understand, he is unutterably touched- Smoved to the very depths of his soul. "What shall I say?" he answers, brokenfy. "I cannot thank you; I have no words. It i like you-I say that again-to come to me In the darkest hour of my life, and offer, me the saecrl flee of yours. But I cannot occept it his The name I give you must be a clean one, the hand I offer free from all sus plcion of crime. I would, indeed, be a Sdastard If I-accepted your heroism to help:b yself.7 I would not:accept it if it cild heli;pmbn-butlt cannot. Notli int- now but the, discovery or thegreal criminkhcan dothat. For all tlie world I would not have it known that you are my wife now-the:wlfe.of a -dspected thief. No, Vera, I love you with-all my heart-a.hundredfold better in this hour than-ever before. '.And for that very love's sake I say no.. --It the day eve comes when.I stand clear and free, I will come to you then;.and" :But she 'turns' from the window as hqstliy as she has turned to it, and pulls her -veil once more over her face. "Say no more!" she exclaims. "Let me go. It is so warm here - I am faint" - The words die away; but she rallies in a moment and pushes aside the hand he holds out. "I -am better-let me go." Something in her strained, unnatural tone checks the words he would speak. He goes lovn '-with; her to .the' door, where Johnny and-' the -phaeton wait 'He helps her ini, but she seeriis- t' shrink from his touch. - -: - "Good-bye, 'she says..- 'Drive fast, Johnny; it is nearly'dark." - "Not good-bye," he answers, cheerily; "good night. I will see you early to morrow. I have much to say." "Drive fast, Johnny," is her sole ie ply. She shivers and draws her wrap closer alout her. How dark it grows, how windy it is, how deathly chill! He stands in the door'ayunitil she is out of sight, then slowly and thought fully returns to his work with.. a new, glad hope stirring .within him that all his gloomy prospects cannot dark?en And Vera is driven rapidly home through the gusty gloaming, and ascends to her room. How still the house is-how empty, how lonely! How empty is the whole world! Every one seems to have died with Dot- life has come to. an 'end. It is like a tomb like the vault where they have laid her. these echoing, 'unoccupied rooms. Is it a sin-to wish she were dead, too? WVhat in all the weary world is there left to live for? She is tired out, her head aches-or is it her heart? She feels numb and stricken, lost, forsaken, and full of pain.. "Oh, me! oh, me!" she says,-pitifully, and Jays her folded arms down on the table, and her face upon them, with a long, sobbing sigh. The wind cries like a banshee about the gables, the trees 'rattle, stripped bleak arms; the night falls cold and starless: : And still Vera lies there long after the -last light has faded; her head on . her arms, as if she never.cared to lift it again.,- - ' - . 