HAKROLD BROTHERS' COSTS. ! An appeal to the Supreme Court has -teen lodged with the Registrar of the In solvency Court against' aa order made by Hi* Honor Mr. Commissioner Russell re frains the application for the oavment by the Tnwtrc in Harrold Brother*' estate of the costa of the solicitors to A- L. and E. E. Harrold when taxed, and for the taxation of such costs by Ute Master of the Supreme Court. 1Vday's issue of 'The Register' com prises ten pages. Captains of vessels are taking .a natural interest in tbc question, of another light house for vcs.«eb approaching Kangaroo Is land, and it u -worth noting that they, it mar be said one and all. ' decline to ? give ..an opinion offhand when the circular from the Marine Board is put before them. Therefore it may be inferred that a carefully vcjgticd mass of nautical judgments trill await the uinnowing. Some curious notes appear occasionally in the English papers. Here is one from the 'Shipping Gazette and Lloyd's List*' o£ May 26:— 'Dcftruction of a Pirate Fleet. £on Francisco, May 21. News has been re ceived here that H3AS. Torch, on her way from Sydney- to Samoa, destroyed a fleet of pirate sloops. (Signed) Reuter.' The Torch is now at Samoa, it is true (?.iy» the 'Sydney Morning Herald'), but as for the fleet of pirate eloops, -where are they? The Torch knows nothing of than, nor have the en quiries made of the Admiralty authorities resulted in anything that would help to ciucidate the whereabouts of the piratical ticct. At the meeting of the Semaphore Corpo ration on Monday' evening, on the motion of Councillor Waterman, it was decided tt amend the resolution passed in conncctioi. with the .negotiation of a loan of £2,000 to as to read that a special rate, instead of a separate one, be declared for the purpose ^-i repaying the loan and interest. Mown. Methuen & Co., the entcrpris.n? London publishers, have ventured upon a .told experiment, which impresses o~c 03 a proof of the marvellous developments in the'raeans of educating the people wk:-.-U ?-. (heap Press lias rendered possible. They :in issuing at the low price of sixpc-in-)*, .-n-» in an attractive form, under tbc title ex 'The Xovelist,*' a monthly scries of new and complete novels by popular author.-. The first of these, a com* of which has been K.nt to us by Mr. E. W. Cole, of Adelaide, is -Dead Men TeU Xo Tales,' l.y K. W. llornung, an Australian writer who i^ gra dually pushing his way to the frout. Front Mr. J. A. Riddocb, of Katnook, Pcnola, we have received a comely ami wjll iUu^irated jpampblct, entitled 'The Conna wanu Fruit Colony and Yalluru Estate/' The contents of the little book arc re printed from the 'Garden and Field,' and the author is Mr. \V. Catton Grasby, who expresses high expectation:* regarding t!i« prospective permanent fuccc» of the inu rating esperiment in:iugurated some yeura ajro by the owners of the beautiful and f.r tils estate of Yallum. On Monday evening Professor Mitcbcli continued his course of extension lectures on ''Hamlet.' . Proceeding with the loit part of the first scene, he gave a literal translation of difficult words and passage?, and referred to the superstitions of the a«c as demonstrated in the introduction of the ghost. Nothing » cheap unless it is useful, and mothers of toys will find sotnc useful bar pins (and therefore cheap) in boys' cloth ing at C.'bas. Dirk* £ L'o.'s sale. AU odd line*, and tizes in sailor suits, overcoats, odd knickei?, &o;, muit be cleared out Let'oic ?tocktaking. nlSOc Otto B. Uup. Una SwiiS McJical Cbirvorant, may be conwUed al the Botanic Ilolcl, North teirace. AHehitie, on Monday. Tuesday, aad Wed nesday, tbe 2Ul, tint ami 23.-d of Ausust. tilt noin of last toy. S-*Ut Alpine Herbal Treatment, iiatienu at a dutaocc can If.* diagnosed by scudir.g a lock of hair cut clow to tbr roots; uo other l«non but patient must town the hair. Correct ?liaeroni* ffuzraiileed. F-w. lu«. Cd. 3Ic!hnuros addrei*. Otto B. Huff. East Melbourne. aSSc Poaltpiurepsnr, look! July 'Garden and Fi-ld' has I pap* Practical Poultry- X-itcs, ti l'riie Utdisni of Simple-utility Poultry lloune*, A'tebidt' Mrat Supply, btfence nf Lemon and C-indied Lrroon Pitl Uakini;, an Effective £irth- ckuet System. *«;. nlSlffltvfc 