Sea-ware and Tangle. (St. Andrew’s Gazette.) I shall not soon forget that last night in the old house and the early walk by the shore in the morning with the sight I saw there. The house has its f ace to the sen and is built on the outer side of one one of those fingers with which the larger island seems to he grasping the smaller cue. Bub a half-mile of strand comes hetwei n and at low tide, for an hour or two, \on can pass on foot between the islands. That summer and autumn had been so tin that I had been tempted to wait beyond the time that I had intended, hut Novetubct came with dull skies and a cutting wind ami the brown hills grew barer and the ndravs kept within their doors. Even the gulls had flown to some more sheltered spot. The bn]y movement was that, of the clouds and Staves ns they passed on in a monotonous liafito which tired the eye and left the brain Brawn and wearied. A week of it left me tfflgcr to be off ; and I had made arrange ments to be taken across the island to catch the north-going steamer the following after noon. Bub if time had seemed to drag during that last week, during the last evening, it moved with feet, of had. .... As night fell the wind began to rise. The belt of surf round the shore seemed twice as broad as it had been, and as I looked a flake of spume was blown on to the window pane and rested for a moment there, while outside the winds were catching the spray of the breaking waves and carrying it along in mists to be soaked into the low bills that sloped behind. I passed back into the kit chen and, drawing a chair up to the fender. Bat opposite the still figure of my servant. Ho was gazing at the fire with his gray, deep-sob eyes. and. as the light, of the danc ing iltunes fell on them, they showed at moments a strange, blind seem ed to tell of a mind wandering from the outer senses and straying among un-anny fancies. I had always known Neil for a dreamer, but there were stories told in the island of times when his thoughts would rimy beyond lias own control, and a dark spirit settle on him. Then his talk would bo of wild screams heard above the shriek ing of the storms and of a face showing white amidst the curling wave crests and then sinking down deep, deep into the trough of the sea. I do not know what folly prompted me to break in upon his thoughts with the re mark : ‘What a fiendish night, Neil! all tho ghosts of your island must be awake to-night. I fear there’s not enough earth 5n tho place—nor sea for that part of it— i o bury your Highlanders deep enough I 'to keep your canny souls down and leave poor ordinary mortals at rest. What do you think?” A shiver crossed him, in spite of tho glowing warmth of the room, but !ho made no other motion and, after a ytauso, said quickly; "It’s a bad night, Alister John.” "Irritated, I rose for another walk through the house and stood for a moment peering out into the dark night. Then I •went back and took my old place opposite Neil, who sat still, like a st< " • figure. I tfried to think of some cheery thing ; but you know how it is at times, when one can siot think one’s own thoughts, hut they arc given you, and you speak them out as if you were the mere helpless instrument of a ! stronger will. ‘•Well, wo are a fine pair of comptftiions, j ■Neil, to be spending our last night together ] 5n this way. One would think that yon j anoant me to take a lunger journey than to ; Oban to-morrow. I hope yon don’t see damp . ‘winding-sheets about me at any rate. I as- j sure you I don’t about you, so you may cheer i up a bit.” ; I laughed, but I did not like the laugh, i 5>or did Neil seem to like it either. In the { silence that followed I could hear that laugh I again and again, as one hears the foolish ( words he had spoken, and repents of, nml | bates himself for. The silence was really j .biokcn at last by Noil, . , I “Thirty years ago! I can see ilorag as site was then, not more than a slip of a girl —with hair like the nuts in winter, and her gray eyes like summer mists. Often did I watch when the nets should have been mend ing, and the boats were waiting for me to catch a sight of her moving about tho house or on the b»ae behind it. I could tell Iter across the strand. The waving of her hair, and the flapping of her skirts, as site stood bending against the wind, was more to me than all the sky and sea, I have watched a summer’s day to see her. ami never knew that it, was bright till she came out to walk about the shore, or climb the hill behind it, . . . “But what could n lad with a bit of a croft not bigger than' your garden hero, and a share in a herring-boat, hope for? . . There was the mother, too,* to keep. And I have kept her until April last, when I laid Iter in the old graveyard there. It was if V r could not leave the place nil these long years. Then yon came and I slayeti on still. Now yon go off, I know r.ot. I feel—my. heart seems tired—I fear ■*• cannot drag my life from here. Wlorng’s father farmed tho little island. -mSTi e i WOr i° e Ufc , few scoro shee P> **»d a SSL*" 1 /* but fchafc her J t bai l/ 0T *l ,e ,J{ , es of mc - And if she had thought so herself ti might have been we « But there carno a man from the north a fisher, too—who was not so much bet ter than I, though he owned as bonny a omack as ever sailed. He was one of those lute fellows with a word and a smile for ever}- lass ; and soon many a heart was his though the lads cursed him, and a lass or two had cause to curse him, too. Young Morag took a wild fancy for him. Women had done so—and she, well, sho .was not much more Than a girl. She would have followed him—how I hated the man ! —lo the ! world’s end. | “They met. not one evening, but many. | It was a chance word that made me listen, j Then you’ll cornel’ ho said. ‘But father?' she asked. ‘Nay, but Morag ! ’ said he ; ami I lie look and tho words that made her seem to him the one whose lightest wish was mure than all the world, pleased her. She had a good heart, but that tongue of his cciild speak su fair to any lass! Then I did things (hat a man should not do, and heard what was iml for my ears. I was hearing them (he whole time, they planned their going off. Had 1 told her father—all, well, he liked lhe man no bolter than I. But there was the shame of having watched and listened to (hem. I was sure I could stop her, too. I tried to —but, O God . ’’That night he sailed away. I had my boat over !at the little island, while ho waited this side (he strand for her. The tide turned in the evening, and she was to cross ;ust as night fell, before (ho strand was covered. I made pretence of a message for them, and kept, her with her father tialf-an hou- of thereby, but- site slipped away, i was mu. lung in following, and caug.it her before she got to tho sand. .She was late ly now, and a breeze was whipping (lie wa'.er -irgh ankle dee]) tho middle - ,nto It: tie •' if c i appeu wavs. ‘YouTI not be b-r cn s- ■ •; (1 " ni a ln, Miss Morag. said I, and she turned on me with wild rage. She s iirl hard things to make rno go, but heaven and earth would not have moved n-.e to leave her. Then she boiled, and I rushed and caught her, and held her there. Slie st niggled and cried, and pleaded, while the tide v. as flowing deeper and deeper between her at and (lie man she loved ; and 1, whom she hated now, had my arms around tier, and o.u and ieel her hear! beating like a frightened birds. ° “Then the sight of a flapping sail on the other side, and a light hung on the boat’s stern, maddened her. She cursed me—sho struck me—she said that she would shriek ; and 1 thought of her father’s coming and stopping tiicir plan, but I thought, too. of my being found struggling with the lass there, and how I should become a byword in the island. And the thought, and the love, and the hate were like fire in my brain, and, in my madness, I could hove killed the laas.” There was a long pause, and I turned and looked an eager question at him, but his eyes parried mine, and lie went on stubbornly. “I fell twice as I rushed off to the spot where my boat was now grating on tho stones. Thero was water enough to sail across, and I made for the light, that was moving from the other shore. I nearly ran tho smack down, and heard the man's oaths as he gibed to get .clear of my wav. ‘Morag isn’t coining now,’ I cried ; ‘but tile old man will be lookinng for you! ‘Good night, and a bonny haul to you.’ His answer I did not hoar. He stole straight across to the other shore. I heard him whistle and call, and I waited in agony for tho reply, but none came. Then he turned, and stood out for sea. “I could have shouted for joy, and made straight for the point lo come round here. The wind was freshening to a gale, and clouds wore flying hard across the moon's face. But the storm seemed to make me j gladder, and the boat dashed on as if it felt ' m 7 joy. 1 did not mind tho spray, imr the few cold drops of rain that stung my face, Thero was to be a night of it, I knew, for those who were on the sea ; but her I had saved from that, and worse beside. I was ■ like a man drunk with glee, and I shouted [ in the fierceness (of my ioy! . . And j then, as if my shout had called it from the | deep, on tho crest of the next wave I saw ' . . . the face of Morag! The moon touched it for the moment; the eyes were I closed 1 lake a grey n.ist it looked, and the hair was like the wet seaweed. And then the black waters drew her down again ; and, I rushed on, sailing the wild sea that night like a senseless man in a rudderless boat!” He ceased to speak, and I gazed at the crumbling embers of tho fire, too touched to speak, till a louder whirl of the storm, and a gust of wind brought mo to myself, and I cried. “Bui, Neil, you have not said —tell j me, did you—was it tho rising tide that ! caught her? Or how was she drowned?” I turned, to get no answer. The kitchen | was empty- It was his going out that had struck my senses. I rose, half shivering, for the fire was dying down and the flame of the candle was swaying and reding. I found an old end and put it in the candle stick and lit it and after waiting long I went to my room and got to bed. . . . Willi {lie, first streak of light I was up and crept down to the door of Neil’s sleeping room to ask the question over again. I '•ailed bghtly and no answer came and I shrank from facing him. So I went out instead, to tire myself into sleep if I could by a hard walk along the shore. The rain had ceased, but the waves had their white crests still and the ocean seemed to me like some huge power that gloried in its terrible strength. I thought of 'the talcs of the Gods of the Sen, and how, at every fishing season, for the bounty that they gave, they took in return a young fisher lad, or. at times, the crew for whose return the moist eyes were watching on the shore. And I thought of all the secrets that wore hidden (here until the sea should give up its dead agoin. My eyes wandered across tho strand to where the cottage roof rose gray amidst the bald brown hills and again I thought of tho vision of Morag, as I could think of only one person in my own lonely fife. I felt a strange pity for this lonely man of mine. My feet carried me .along to the swirling point whore lie had' had that other vision of her v Tho rocks were rough and tho spray was breaking and many a slip I made upon the way ; but I groped on and : climbed the last big stone that juts out to tho sen and then my heart stood still! For, on the shinglo of a little creek formed by a cleft in the rock, n form was being tossed onwards by the breaking waves. It was Neil. Lover—and God knows what else besides—ho had joined Morag. If she had seen those thirty years of penance, her spirit may have softened to him and they were, perhaps, one at last. If not, heaven help poor Neil! And tho sea keeps its se crets still. 