OCCASIONAL PARS. I do not like this rush of Aus tralians for volunteer service in the Transvaal. Here we are in a' great huge country with only a handfull of people, and it is proposed to countenance the large exodus of able-bodied men who would be much more usefully employed here than in shooting. Boers or per haps being shot by Boors. It is quite sufficient if Australians de fend their own country. If wav really did come we would have quite as much to do as wo could manage, and it will bo quite time enough for us to rush' off to the Cape or anywhere else when the Empire is in danger. As far as regards the Transvaal business the Empire is as safe as a brick. There is apparently no possible chance of complication with any foreign power, and,1 personally speak ing, I believe that 50,000 British troops can hold their own against the Boers withpnt any assistance from Australians. If the British army cannot undertake this little job, well then I frankly confess the Empire is past saving, even with tho help of Australia. * * * Really there must be a lot of drawbacks about the billet of Governor. Fancy being perpe tually in the public eye and re coiving the homage and oftentimes crawling, cringing, homage of the crowd.'; Now, I'll just tell you to what a depth a Mudgeo woman was prepared to go in her desire, to satiate her lickspittle loyalty. After the Governor had left the camp, tho Quarter-Muster Sergeant wns asked by this loyal liidy what he would tako for the chair and camp st.ool tho Governor had used. Great Ctezar's ghost ! Did anyone over hear of such lickspittle rot? It is a pity that the'lady in question did not follow up the Governor, and scrapo up the very dirt he trod on. This is absolutely true about tho chairs, and the 'Vagrant ' regrets that in this district such an incident could occur. * * * The holding of a Criminal Court here this week calls to my mind a question I have previously referred to. I mean the present method of choosing a jury. Tho jury is, of course, an essential part of our criminal system. There is the Crown on tho ono hand, the prisoner on the other, while the jury stands between the two, ' and the judge holds the scale of justice. As it is, I say unhesitatingly that the Crown has the pull on the jury. In theory a man is supposed to be tried by his equals, and the jury list is supposed to have-on -it the name of everyone qualified to sit. .. Mind you, ..it is i only supposed to contain their ; names. It is compiled -by tho ? police, that is, the Crown, and I know as well as any man can know j anything that the jury list is '? colored by the prejudice of Crowa- ! officialdom. Then again when a jury has to be drawn, who draws it ? . : Are the' people there, .is the prisoner's attorney there- to demand, fair play and see that he gets it 1 Not a bit of it- — the jury' is drawn by the hand of officialdom, a , hand which I would trust no more than any other hand. I know, and other people know, that there are men in ' Mudgee who possess the legal quali fications for a juryman, and have ! done so for years, and whose names i have never been put on the list' by tho police whose duty it : is to do : so. And furthermore, I know, and other people know, the names of menonthatjurylist, which arenever ! on tho panel. On the' other hand there are names which come out with strange frequency, and with- \ out a doubt I say that there are j names kept out of the ballot box. ! * *??*'. I ' do you dare insinuate that there i is corruption in our jury system, and that the Crown : Official is hob straight]' My answer is that I dare to say it, .because I believe it, j and the facts of the case point to it. I know that in tho past tho ? hands of the Grown Official in this ? colony- have been dirty, dishonest, and corrupt, and I ask him now if ' he wants , to free himself from suspicion in ' this matter of jury ; rigging to come from his lair and I and do' his work in lightness and not in darkness. No, I don't like . \ this present system. It is rotten, ; as rotten as the regulation which ] permitted the officials of Bathuast ! Gaol to flog two men without a i public trial. THE VAGRANT. ' ! 