l i O ^ S K N T l M K N T l l A D K 1 N A T I O N . THE GREECE OF TO-DAY CREATED OF PAST PHANTOMS. n«„ th« Shade, of «•• r«t Bav. Cll.d tb. l'rt-ki-m luLo llelnf—An Dnpreoedrnlril i;»p«rl>noIil-llMi(|U» All«a»t U Kcjuvcnut* Ijuisuace. The Greek natlim of today l« a fact cmit'-'d hy adilion-wi -urgieratve beoaUHtf It It. the |uwluci_of - Hlikiiahl ...idlilon, sa.™ I-'a-vid Tui'ner In Till- i'lnlnd.'liJiia Itam. 11 l" :wd UMl when the lVrslan hwt a-nt 1.V Xerxea to siu'k the Bhr.ne at 1 s-lplii*mounied to the attack s,v,,u-,s- ot am-jent hci»as ra*- In the nuh b-l di-f^d,™. and the dead (MiKlit l"-t'l<' the hvlnt U) ivpel the fwii of ti- ir -unto'. TIm* phantom » Ii'i'ioit, Kt.il liKht for Greece in an liJr tallies ; and it Is no exaspera'ton to :or that this army of ghosu- Is more cn'.M-tlve for her pix>leollou than nil the wily uiniajuent that she lias W - iv.v. ilvhfri herself to maintain. It Is simple iruth thm Ixiv the shades ot ilu- !>aBl liave called the present into U Nol' th.il CI'ITO herself Is a th.- Is Intensely auvo. But a unique example of a nation 111 lea 1 from its pruvo by the mBfiic ot a sen ! tiiiienl after a Foeming death olumoer ' of many eenlui^s. It haa often apw-ai-,-,1 ihru of all rwifons nentlmental r.- wjni- ;ue th.' si inmost, but hL»tor> cnn 9i-;.|'. , '.'>'lv show another Instance such as this* Nouhf-ix' rtsej Indesd. t«ve sucli conditions existed. The ca» i>f Italy pn.haWy mmea tvcarcet; yet Italy. liaii, imrt.-,i-i Iwweii-r depross.-d. u. coujd ne\er - .. be called dead ; and Home, through all tier vk'ii-Mtudes hs* never wholly lost IMM- greatness or ocased to be a seat of pr>\\\Tr Fut Athetif had prcv.-ileolly become a barren slie. In the .arlier decades of the pre pent e'ntuty there remained nnlv nil IIP and n wretched hamlet of I si rely three mindiv-d hnls. Vov thinir Ilk. n tli'.UMitid yiars Greece hafl been n little irnifr th.'n » inemorj'. ner terrltoiY almost unvoted, her national identity <-.vllrii;iN.'-!i'-J—ihoucrh her j history and literature w ere eagerly aiiiilUl Vii all the universities ol Europe- . To this widespread twereooe for « past Whieh h-I own p.-Tle hod In part forgotten'—for they were under the bllchl of i;:n'.M-ali.te «nd oppeer-slon— an*, cliletij o-.va-n !:,-r riMiloralion to a place nnii-nr the naiioiui. In 1811 she revolted iir.njnBt Tuiki!«h tyranny. Atrocltiw l;Ve tep m-entiy r n>etrated Ui Armenia followed, and in ltw» Ibrahim ra: ha uvrnn l'eleponnesus with an aimy of Itgyptlan slaves driv- en to buttle under th.; larli. In '.be ordinary eeurpc of events, despite some gallant 'fiul'Ainr. the rebellion would soon have l>«n stamped out In blood and punished by » yet more cruel bandnge. But the Fympalhies 01 all 10urojte had hei'ii oi'ouFed ; the name of the Hollas mw pe>iont throughout the civilized world. Dnsti poets slid burled oiiitors were pi' ^J'ns fm her, and tli» living took up the straJn ; Byron not onlv lifted up his voice, but laid down bis life. Finally sentiment triumphed over policy. The sains slow-moving "powers" in whose teeth she has lately cast her deOajwe, at last brought their cannon to bnar In her defence and interposed u> secure her Independence. Never had the shades of her heroes won a more signal victory. Their influence has been dominant In Gresek affairs ever sinoe. "That alone has made Athens the capital of the new Hellas: apart men sentiment It: is not the nsEtural metropolis of. the oountry. But the rulne which cmwn the AtropoUs bavie raised- about them t-,, a beautiful city wtuch will ever bs tbe Mecca or students and tbe "E^e of Oreeoe." Some have disputed tbe claim'.or this people toxhelr heritage, and'deny that they are true descendants of the Greeks of old. Or course, their lilood ts not pure—the blood of no nation remains unadulterated through the varied fortunes oft a period-of 2000 yeare; -hut I belie^'e thjat the p+wple of Greece today" are quite as .truly Greek. as the English, far example, are Anglo-Saxon. Tel. who. would ' dare controvert th« claim or the great "Anglo-Saxon race • to their teasted • tttle ? If is lheir birthright, and : is -not i-itialed 'by tlw tact -thai their Mood'has been largely mingled with that or the Dane, the Norman, the Frenchman and tbe Celt Neither does a considerable mixture of Albanian, Slavonian and Wallarhian stock void lhe birthright of the modern Greek ; and If this pretension were as talse as it As Just, it would still be well -to ooontsnataae 'Uid encourage IL When we consider thai the fervent patriotism and national • jwide -W-which It has given rise have enabled a 'downtrodden race oc Mrtt ftpi^ecome a .spirited, procrsenv^ sflf-bespectlng p«qp)e. it certainly seems' worthy of #11 recommendation- . fiiese classic ghosts have done a noble wort ••' - Perhaps; the most wanarkaMt tact s&out; the Greece of to-day ls ,the .suir vlvnl of ttS ' ancient language. . Not tlial-lt is anebansed-but thewonder Is" 4hat-there is so little change—end with greater famtUwlty the marvel grows. iNew words, of course, have entered •od the eraaimar lu» suffered such modiacatioas as-ane eeten in all modern tongues.; iut when once you have *ur. mounted. tbe barrier raised Ay our arbitrary and Artificial method of pro- .nunciallon, you perceive that there Is S«tte as much Attic In '«»"»t>ys!b <il Athens as Saxos in the spfeebb'wxoa ^ M S x o ^ S the Infilled, comparison Is oalculated to malte we lywr bje bead In shame while the A thenian can read tbe «reek New^gslament fetm Elation ph (What a difference ^ Jt .la tnie-ithat' : the Gri^ Wftwse Ash isuffwed much less from tfiPiofig degradatlon iof -lie tuiers i bui sjn'like manner English, as everybody ltnowi beosme #P tmp9VWjsbed after: lie Nor «t araa scarcdy d e f e c t b y the Greto ija e n»uL talk. In a dlffertai way the ai'e Ibendtng *U tlfar^enengles to a S twnpWe as condltlom permit *helri anolent language. '' In facti ons M stbeanoot'trtrsjordln' an-experbn^u carer ablanp ed to bow ^idneiPn fn jOreeoe-^nothlng less -than such ionflerUWr^ Mtb-tsHiire could sao. mo New:- i" SMsU«(c.;jU "Uiei Sc^S^SlriJon^d , fl. Jaded with iiartUb*,' trtttog l»w ito wtmder We new atmer xw«r mt moty^r, i 