PERSONAL NOTES FROM LONDON. (From onr Special Correspondent.) London, May 12, 1899. Professor Rennie has finished his chemi- <*> cal and metallurgical research tour in Eng-<*> land, and on-Wednesday nest leaves Liver- <*> pool by the Majestic for New York. He hopes to spend some six or seven weeks in the States, and to visit the principal centres of the iron and steel and chemical industries, and will probably lrave 'Krisco for Adelaide on July 12 in the Mariposa. Whilst in England Dr. Kennie has pot in a large amount of travelling, and be sides visiting all the principal chemical and metallurgical works in and around the metropolis spent some weeks in Man chester picking up information in the bis iron, steel, and copper foundries of the neighborhood. He also spent a day or two in the city of many stinks, Rnncom to wit, where, thanks to the impregnation of sou and air with chemical refuse, no green thing grows. The great iron and steel works at Sheffield, of course, had a fair amount of the pjofessor's attention, and later he spent some lime in Birmingham and the great centre of the mining and smelling industry in South Wales, Car diff, and Swansea. He also spent some weeks with the scientists of Oxford and Cambridge, visited Nobel's explosive works in Scotland, the oil works near blinburgh, and sundry iron works at Glasgow. Of course Dr. Rennie mixed pleasure with business, and he confesses to bating had a most enjoyable time since leaving Adelaide. lie and Mrs. Rennie have met with the greatest hospitality everywhere, and the professor has been shown evcty at tention by scientific people here. Though he has known Mr. Alfred Stead for a long time. Dr. Cockbum had never met yiat amiable young man's famous parent until last Monday after noon, when, at the invitation of the editor of the "Review of Reviews," he called at Mowbray House to s?c the memorial which the Peace Crusaders com missioned their "General" to take to St. Petersburg for the "Little White Father's" acceptance. Mr. VV. H. Woodhead's appeal to the British public for capital to work the Einasloigh copper property met, as I pre dicted it would, with great success, ' the directors on Wednesday having to arrange the allotment of 65,000 chares. A goodly proportion of the subscribers are, I under stand, British Broken Hill shareholders, a fact which speaks volumes for their faith in Mr. Woodhead's ability and in tegrity. , Among the 20 score Scots who dined and wined at die Hotel Cecil last Saturday evening, under the presidency ef the Duke of Atholl. to dn honor to that gallant sol dier. Colonel Hector MacDonald. wei-p vour ex-Governor, Tjord Kintore. and your present Agent-General, Dr. Cpctbum. Both appeared to thoroughly enjoy the function, which xrao eminently Scotch, but neither appeared to be "worn perfect" in ,th«> song. "Ho ro mo, Nighoan Dhonn Boideach," which the company sang after the duke had buckled the sword of honor npon "Fighting Mac." Bat they were thoroughly at home when the gallant colonel, having briefly replied, the company stood npon their chairs, and with a foot apiece npon the tablecloth—op the crockery, if it happened to be in the way —hailed the hero*of Omdnrman with "He's a joTly eood fellow." Mr. PWTllir* Mennell, in the cunrent "Bri tisb Australasian," says that the "splendid affirmative vnte given by the people of South Australia to the Federal issue ought to havp en immense moral effect through out Australia," and expresses the opinion that "as Mr. Kingston hfas fought so eal lanily on behalf of this ope Australian question of any real moment, one cannot imagine any. even of his political oppo nents, begrudging him the overwhelming majority by which hir continuance in office has been affirmed by the South Aus tralian electorate." There has been considerable gorsip among South Australians in London con cerning Renter's cablegram from 'Mel bourne, trnkfa made out that Mr- PUyford is now "in opposition" to the Kingston Go vernment. The majority refuse to believe that 'Tlonest Tom" lias gone back on his old TrienJl?. 1 The Rev. W. H. Fitchefct had scarcely set foot in London, whither he has come to see through the press the proofs of his new book dealing with the Napoleonic wars-with England*when he was' "Bailed" by an enterprising "Daily News" inter viewer, and persuaded to speak a few words about his "deeds" and about Aus tralia in general. Mr. Fitchett, says the interviewer, "is very modest over ' his great Imperialist -work. He tries to con vey to one, with evident sincerity, that really anyone might have done the same had they hi: on the subject and treated it popularly." Mr. Fitchett explained how the "deeds" originated in a suggestion of Admiral Bridge's. Messrs. Smith & Elder, Mr. Fitchett's pub lishers, had treated him "all through most generously and kindly." Mr. Fitchett believed that he had been specially mftrenced in style by De Quin cey, ana then the conversation tnrned to Australian topics. Mr. Fitchett is likely to get into trouble abroad if he talks in this strain too loudly. "The English stock is flavored with other white races; in Africa with the Butch, in Canada with the French., In Australia we have escaped the over-spill of the cheap European races." He was on safer ground when he antici pated that the Australian climate would make the Australians & nation of artiste. fie thought "the, Australian will become an Italianated Englishman," evidently not agreeing in this respect with the Eliza bethan writer, who declared that "an Italianate Englishman is the devil incar nate." Gambling he declared a scandal and a menace to the future, TattcreaH'g sweeps a curse, larrikmism to be decreas ing, and local option a failure. "I believe," he said, "the one thing for us to aim at is the complete elimination of private profits from The trade." On the question of taxation, Mr. Fitchett said. "I'cni have rather spoiled us. Years ago, you lost the American colonies because you taxed their imports. Now you retain yonr Aus tralian colonies by suffering them to im pose a tax aarainst your tax on mlnnial wines, when Che Australian colonies main tain such heavy imports on imports from England?" Mr. Fitchett wound up by a rulogy of Australia's "enthusiastic loyalty." As a member of the great beer- brewing firm of Truman, Hanbnry, & Buxton, your late Governor is a party to a very amnsing quarrel between mine hostess of the an cient hostelry, 'The White Horse," High- Ftreet, Poplar, and the firm. At present the "White Horse" wears a fortified ap pearance. Every window m the front of the house, with the exception of those of the top storev, is heavily barred, each door is locked, and the entrance at the back is presided over by a fearful-looking dog. Inside the house are Mr?. Kebe-xja Miner (the landlady), her husband, their son, a barman, and some barmaids. Tiiey are fully provisioned for a long siege. The reason for all these warlike preparations hardly seems to lie in a notice which half fills one of tho windows:— "The house ie closed pending a settle- I ment of a dispute between the brewers, distiller?, and the proprietress." The history of the causes which have led to the present armed refusal of the proprietress to be ejected is somewhat as follows:—Mrs. Miller, the proprietress, re ceived two "cautions" from the police, one of which was through a barmaid receiving a parcel, not knowing it to contain betting slips, from a bookmaker, who was con victed and fined. The other caution was administered because Mrs. Miller issued little conjpon? with each pot or pint of malt liquor, SO' of which entitled the purchaser to a grattritoi"! quartern of gin. The re sale of these two cautions was that at the last meeting of the licensing justices Mrs. Miller lost her license. Mas. Stiller, how ever, was given an opportunity t<j sell the place up to the ,15th of this month. In the meantime the brewers gave notice that if she did not sell the place before April 20 they would call in their loan. The land lady, therefore, expresses her intention of not quitting the house unless properly re compensed, as certain alleged facts have since come to the knowledge of the licens ing magistrates, and she has now the ap portunity of renewing her license. What, therefore, will ha~ncn on the 15th of this month no one seems to know, but Poplar expects a grand- assanh on the garrison, and will be grievously disappointed if mat ters are settled peaceably. On Wednesday evening the proprietors of the Oxford Music Hall entertained the Australian team. The hall was piily decorated for the occasion, the three boxes set apart for the visitors beini: festooned with the Australian colors. All the team turned un, and Murdoch dropped in to share with them the reception accorded by a packed house. There are 2!) turns in the Oxford programme, bin this was not enough, and several additional artistes gave their services, amonj; them Miss Aline Olney, who came on the statre dressed as an Australian voluntc-pv. and sans "Eng land is the ir.otlier o£ Australia" amid tre mendous enthusiasm. Will Evans won much applause for a topical song, uflo jtbicb. fes jmnarted witty references to the I achievements of the visitors at the Crystal' X'akLce during the afternoon. llie "Old r'lrar' seems partial to litiga tion, which is certainly a very easy way j of getting rid of any superfluous "sugar"' Messrs. VV'iliiamson & Aiusgrove may get hold of by theatrical (-peculation. 'I ton other day "the nrm" were sued by a Mr. Lorduer to recover £150 for tecs for act ing as a director of the company. Ti'hc de fendants denied liability on the ground that the pHCntiff was not qualified as a director, and put in & counter-claim against Mr. Cordncr tor a share in their losses on the production of the "ikarlet Feather" end "l-Yaneillon." In the event Mr. Cord ner won his suit, and Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove won theirs. But as the judge only gave judgment for Mr. Cordner for £ 137 10/ and costs, and awarded the "Old Firm" £240 and costs on the counter claim, the Australians got considerably the best of the deal. The dusky Australian veteran, "Star light," assisted to amuse the patrons of the National Sporting Club on Monday iiight by indulging in a six- round contest with a Woolwich heavyweight named Jordan. The nigger had rather the best of height] and reach, hut after leading on points for three rounds went weak, and Jordan managed to £ct the verdict at the end of a moderate bout. "Carnac Sahib," the gorgeously-mounted Anglo-Indian play, which Bcerbobm- Trcc anticipated would fill his cof fers to overflowing during the next few months fias, it seems, proved unpalatable to the puuac. Mr. Jones's play, at any rate, -is to be superseded on Saturday next by Haddon Chamber's first dramatic success, "Cap tain Swift," in which I understand Gene vieve Ward will play the part of Mrs. Seabrooke. Your old friend, G. S. Titheradge is now filling the role of the Abbe in the clever adaptation by Aubrey Boueicault and Os mond Shillingfordof"Les PremieresArmcs de Richelieu," which was produced at the Court Theatre last January, and has now been transplanted to the Uarrick. Mr. C. A. Cooper, of the "Scotsman," who recently made an extensive tour of the Australias, is about to retire from the editorial chair. Mr. Cooper received liis early training in Hull in the oince of the "Hull Packet,'' as did, curiously enough, Sir John Lang, the editor of another lead ing Scotch taper, the "Dundee Adver tiser."' In 1861 he removed to London to fall a post on the Parliamentary staff of the "Morning Star," where he hid as collea gues Mr. Justin McCarthy, M.l\, and So li. R. Russell, now editor o'f the "Liver pool Daily Post." In'lBBB Mr. Alexander Kussel. .the greaf Whig editor of the north, offered him the post of assistant editor of the "Scotsman," which, under Mr. Rns scl's direction, had already become a great power in the land. On Mr. Russel's death, for a few years he shared the direction of the paper with Mr. Robert Wallace, until in ISSO he assumed entire control. "In Scotland," says, the "Chronicle." "the 'Scotsman' is not so much a newspaper as an institution as rigid as Galvanism, or Rurns's anniverEarv, and the vigor of its philippics against Home Rule and Dis establishment, repeated day by day with the greatest bitterness and persistency, had, unquestionably, a strong influence on public opinion in Scotland. Mr. Fiodlay is spoken- of as Mr. Cooper's successor." Sir. Willie Walslie, who was one of the hapless band of vocalists who imagined that the National Opera Company would provide them with comfortable berths for quite a long time, but discovered verv soon that the "ghost" did not take kindly to pedestrian exercise, sailed on Saturday last for South Africa to fulfil a six months' engagement with the Rousby Opera Com pany. _ IJook Becke has just published, through Mr. Fisher Unwin,' a further series of South Sea stories anB sketches, under the title of "Ridan, the Devil." Like its prede cessors, the book is very readable, but the contents on the whole are not np to the standard of "By Reef and Palm." M. Lempriere Pringle took the part of the King in the performance of ''Lohen grin ' that opened the Covent Garden opera season on Monday night. "He showed much dignity," says the "Times," "and his firm voice told well, although it was occasionally sadly out of tune." The London Missionary Society began its series of anniversary meetings last Satur day by an animated children's demonstra tion. Missionaries, in many-colored rai ment, from many climes, where every pros pect pleases, and only man is vile, recited tests and sang hymns in a variety of con fusing tongues, the Samoan chant being perhaps the most melodious. Then there was a display of huge cubes to show the proportion of missionaries to population, sentences recited by the audience to im press the leading tacts of missionary work on their mind, and lively songs to march time, taken up by the throng of juvenile* with spirit, kxeter Hall will soon become one of the most popular resorts for enter tainment, if its religious demonstrations arc to be conducted on such attractive lines. Fregoli, "the lightning transfonnist," who has returned to Florence after his ex tended tour, with, it is said, a cool mil lion (francs) in his treasure chest, played a nice little joke on his wife a few days ago. Mrs. Fregoli is a charming little body, but hard to please in the matter of servants, and had been chopping and changing almost every day for weeks past. One fine morning a. sensible looking young woman, with an engaging manner, pre sented herself as a candidate for the Fre goli bandmaidenship, and was promptly engaged. Mrs. Fregoli was delighted with the fashion in which the girl <ii<f her work, and thought she had found a real treasure. Soon after a note m brought saying her husband would not be in until the after noon, as he was lunching with X . That evening he had not arrived when a mes- i sage came from the theatre asking where 1 he was, as he had failed to keep an ap- , pointment there. X , on being looked 1 up, declared that be had never been near him all day. It was now getting late, and almost time for the performance, and still . no Fregoli. By this time his wtfe was thoroughly alarmed, hut was comforted by the soothing words of the new maid. Finally, the latter was ordered (o go to the theatre to see if there was still no news. Before setting out the maid went up to Fregoli's dressing-room to "make sure the master isn't there." Mrs. Fregoli fol lowed her leisurely, and finding the dres sing-room door closed was about to open •it. As she laid her hand on the knob the door was flung open, and there stood— Fregoli. The maid had vanished into thin air, leaving behind her n nice, new print dress and ? really artistic wig. Australians are represented at the Inter national Exhibition of Impressionists at Knightsbridge this year, though sparingly. The somewhat gushing writer of the per sonal notes in the "British Australasian" by the way lias rather given away Messrs. Arthur Strecton and Bertram MackennaL After mentioning the fact that Mr. Stree ton has a fine pastoral painting at the new English Art Club the writer goes on to say that Mr. Strceton has sent "Harvest," "Hill and Cloud," and a chalk design of "Venus and Adonis." and Mr. Mackonnal the marble bust of Melba, which is autho ritatively described as "an ideal effort in sculpturcl portraiture," to the Inter national Exhibition, where acceptance means a very special compliment, since none but work of indisputable merit is ever shown there." But, alas, the para graph proves somewhat premature, for nei ther the "ideal effort" nor one of Mr. Streeton's pictures is to be discovered in the International! This, of course, does not mean that they were rejected because they didn't reach a sufficiently high standard. The members and guarantors of the society j sent such a number of their own works, in \ addition to those of European painters of established repute, that no doubt the pic tures of outsiders like the colonials were simply "crowded out."' However, Mr. Markennzl is represented by one small marble relief. "Good night," a little girl kissing her brother ''pood nighc" on his brow. Mr. Rupert Bunny's "Storm" is on the line in a conspicuous position. A tall slim girl, elad in a thin black and white striped print dres? and holding tight to her broad "brimmed straw hat. is hurrying home across the sands from the rainstorm which is blackening the waters of the bay behind her. Mr. Bunny has succeeded in paintinp a pood portrait and a breezy bit o-f subsidiary landscape. The only other Australasian, Mr. George von Haast, shows a clever little watcrcolor sketch of a Scotchmen in bonnet and kilt seated in a chair reading a book. Mr. Arthur Studd j is scarcely an Australasian, but the snbjecta of his pictures and pastels, South ?ca I Islanders, have a distinctly southern flavor. In the Paris Salon, by the way. I hear the Australian contingent comes out well, Messrs. Bunny. Coals. Officer, Inim, and Miss Dora Mceson all being representcd. The last-narocd's portrait of her sister Ruth hangs just above the line. 