ITEMS OF NEWS- LYELL ELECTION.—The writ for the Lyell scat in the House o£ Assembly will be issued t<vmorro\v (Wednesday), and the nominations will be received by the returning officer (Mr K X. Stops) till Tuesday. April 1th. and the polling will be on Monday, April 10th. tails of the polling placcs and hours for voting will be published in due course.'' ' GOBDON ELECTION. — Mr P. Finn, of Zeehan, telegraphed to this journal Inst aiglit asking us to contradict the paragraph in the JleraU that be would not go to the poll for Gordon. He says he will contest the election. IIAILWAV ACCIDENT AT STUAHAN.—Our Stralian correspondent wrote last evening :— Regarding the railway accident on Saturday, it is estimated that the damage to the rolling stock will amount to £50. The accident occurred at the semaphore, where the poiuts arc placed in position to transfer the engines to the locomotive shed*. It is beyond a 'doubt thatthenccident was caused through the couplings of the last carriage, which were disconnected, having caught in the points, being dragged along, lifting laic whole length of the rail, and completely smashing it into two parls. So far there has been no inquiry hold, and the department arc very reticent in giving any information. POLICE FORCE.—Sub-Inspcctor Weston lias.d-epeired an increase to the police f orce ou account of one of the constables being' laid up sick. Constable llobert Hinds, of Sandy Bay, arrived yesterday. It is proposed to have night duty performed till o a.m. POLICE COURT.—At the police court yesterday before Dr. T. E. Abbott, J.P., George Head, alias " Nugget,"' was charged with being an idle and disorderly person. He was i^entenced to six months 1 imprisonment in Hobart,gaol. WKATHEK.—It was showery Jill day yes. fcrdiiy with little sign of any improvement in the weather. There was a strong north westerly wind blowing too. Mr Wragge, the Queensland Government meteorologist, forecasts the wcather for Tasmania as follows :— Itain :uid strong winds approaching with rising sens under the disturbance 4 Khados,* now nearing the West Coast." THE X-BAYS AND BULLET WOUNDS.— Speaking of the surgical advantage derived luring the Soudan campaign from the use of the Eontgen light, the senior mcdical officer 4 of one of the hospitals says The Uontgcn. rays proved of invaluable assistance iu. localising the cxact position of bullets, and in manj^coscs rendered probing of wounds unnecessary. ... . . In many cases the X-rays prevented much suffering, which would have been caused by probing, the use of the finger, or enlarging the wound in the Iinary search for the bullets, as the skiograph at once indicated the exact position of the bullet. In other more complicated cases, the Mackenzie-Davidson method localised the exact position of the bullet, so that the surgeon was at once able to come to the conclusion if operative interference was judicious or otherwise. If considered, adisable, the removal o£ the bullet was much facilitated by the diagram previously indicating exactly where the projectile was to be found." LADOU IN QUEENSLAND POLITICS.— According to the Hughenden "Observer" (Q.), " solidarity that at one time characterised labor in politics is. becoming more conspicuously its absence every day." And to prove its contention, it quotes a fragment of & cert&iu; labor candidate's tirade addressed to one of the brethren who has the ill-fortune to be editor of the local labor " organ." v< i'o him I my, take my advice, you hocus-pocus nincompoop, and* sling the gum-pot ,and scissors. Don't ho trying to pass yourself off as the editor of the 1 Deacon.' because you haven't brains enough to sell mousetraps to Chinkies. Bah ; the man who would be &fraid; of your- opposition ^would die at the sight of a desert6(1 ghost in a graveyard and would nevcr?be elected to evcm,an honorary position in fe Joss-hooso." Good strong talk' that, and not unparliamentary, the talk of a man who has had his coins ba&y; trodden upon in print, and, thoroughly, a ware of lin)itat ions, doesn't go in £br fine' writing, but passes compliments with a spade. Nor fould he be a candidate for long, but presently rise to a front placc in the Legislative Chamber ofhis colony, there to find foemen worthier of his steel than a poor newspaper editor. ^nj ^Icllbourne ndfjjiKvUicl] will enable .-CKas-^ffl® 0 ! BiAnllluK Kefet in Vtena ipct nWS fhj ca.UjpP^ AUBEST.—A faMiameiVH^Istcvfens who was employed by Mesais Itaclljpiid Co., liaunceston, was <^mn1JPlJ>.<i< M1 *^v, y last erening by Sub-Inspector Weston on p ciiarge o£«tealiug a silver watch, valued at Jbfi.some weeks ago. A wan-aat had been issued. The boy was looking lor work here. UUBUGB HADE Eisy.—rfir Jami» Crichton Browne. 1LO., v a disu'ngiiishetl English phyaician^ias-been ' dcnminced by Tin~tIng- r : iisb CTr.jiiyf for proclnlining publicly tlie fftciyties%or,8coret bbinici<laT]>oleoirmg v^iich .have been offered by the advancement of "modern mK^ii^il "sciencc. 15olore"the l'har- 'maciu'tical Society of Oreat JJriialn the physician, in an address on " Poison and ^oisojl JjegiBlaiion.*', pointed: out witiistandirig ~tl>e 'remarkable progress * in toxicology aiid tlie vasTincrease 111 the nuin^ ibeK and variety of deadly agents at the criminal's dis^iusal, the poisoners of to-day, fdr the' 'most part, used the same poisons as those by .which murder was oftenest accomplished in old times. Arsenic, for example, though', now gendered easy of detection by scicacel' is 'still a favorite weapon of poisbnWv, .aiid ivheii this - iB not administered some other poison is selected -which can be Uetected almost as certainly, thus preparing a net for the erisnureineiit, .of Um criminal, which could bfl'iivoitied by the kise of alkaloidal and. other organic poisons in such a maimer and in such- -comi>i|ifitipiifi:afe i6 perplex the clinical-observer,-btiffle the 'pathologis.t, and -.set at; naught, the skill of the aniflyst. ; Tbe doctor . theuTre'fcrred to the many secret methods of poisoning which arc seldom reaovt^lia, and it was for this that be was criticised by the coroner, who claimed that Sir James had "put into the murderer's .hand many new and .terrible instruments of deiith." ' ' A/ .. An open calIstock,exliange will Jie held attlie Gor&anstojo; HqfeljnigbtlynWA'jolOdli 5 A progr.-irame of .ithlctic sports will lie run off on 'Friday on the .^Ueereiition Ground as advertised to-day.' Entries fdr the principal event close with Mr J. J. liyan on Thursday. The Queenstown Town Board notify that as they have assumed control of the cemetery, applications for burial certificates must be made to Mr A. F. Bead. •The Tivoli Company (Mr H.' Rioiiardlessee), who open at Cairns' Hall on Saturday.: night, will appear also at Gormaustou on Wednesday and Thursday. , A special Easter excursion trip by. the e.s, Penguin round Tasmania, via Melboirnes will be made on Saturday. Tickets, £n. 