Notes of the Week. Drink Dawson's Whisky, the best in the Market. May be had at all stores.* The railway revenue from the local line for the week ended April 1st amounted to £689. The Rev. Father O'Brien left for the country districts on Tuesday, and is to return to-morrow. »Besides the passengers for Port Darwin, the ss Australian is said to have a full list of tourists. The Detective Stories at Times Book Depot are all good and cheap reading. A shilling buys three books. Mr. Bell, the railway accountant, is the new Hon. Sec. for the Palmerston Dramatic and Musical Society. No less than six new members have joined the local cricket club. Five trophies are offered for competition. The schooner Essington arrived from Bowen Straits on Monday. She is to leave for the Victoria River on the 15th. It is alleged that the great Queens- land " wet Wragge " predicts twenty iuches of rain for April in Northern Australia. A scratch cricket match was played on the local Oval on Monday last, this being the only diversion provided for the holidays. The pearling fleet left for the grounds early in the week, with a much better prospect of fair weather than on the previous outing. A shock of earthquake was felt in Palmerston on Sunday night about ten o'clock. It was of only short duration and was not a severe one. A railway employee named Paterson had his hand very painfully crushed a few days ago, with the result that one finger has been, lost to him. It was cut clean off by a mass of falling brickwork. The N.T. Racing Club will sell Tattersalls privileges for the year on Saturday night. Also tenders are required for a job of fencing on the racecourse. Next week we should have four Par- liamentary candidates in town, and the election excitement, which is already fairly warm, should reach a high pitch. Race Committeemen ¡are hereby reminded that their services are re quired at Tattersalls to-morrow (Satur- day) evening to discuss programme and other important topics. In consequence of the rush of busi- ness last Week, chiefly over the carriage of mining machinery, the railway authorities put on an extra train in order to avoid unpleasant delays. The ss Cygnet left for Borroloola on Saturday morning last, Captain Mugg in charge. Mr. J. A. G. Little, Post and Telegraph Superintendent, and Mr. W. G. Stretton, Sub-Collector of Customs, were passengers. The ss Australian has amongst her cargo a ponderous wagon built expres sely in South Australia for Goldsbrough Mort and Co. Its construction is on special lines, and its carrying capacity is somewheie about 10 tons. It is to be sent to Victoria Downs, and some idea of its bulk will he gathered from the fact that the freight from Sydney alone is £14. W. A. police have lately been on the qui vice for overlanding Terri- torial entering their colony. The cause of this especial attention is the frequency with which horses " duffed " in the N.T. have been passed over the border of late. It is said that one young bush rover, who " borrowed " a few horses from Auvergne, failed to run the gauntlet, and is now doing time for being unable to give the police a satisfactory explanation. The S3 Australian, due here on the 11th or 12th instant, has 150 tons' caTgo, four horses, and a number of passengers for this port. The latter arc supposed to include Mrs. Hender- son, Messrs. V. L. Solomon, J. Brad- shaw, W. Reece, A. Love, R. - R. Rundle, W. J. Rundle, RJWatson and Finlayson. Two of the horses are for Mr. Bradshaw's Victoria River Run, whilst the others are believed to be a couple of racers picked up by Mr. Reece for a local sporting syndicate. The racing season in the Territory opened at Alice Springs on Saturday last, and the results are given else- where. It is interesting to note that Mr. Lennie's pair, Economy and Stuart, were entirely out of the hunt, the hero of the meeting being a new blood called Major Heeny, by General Stewart. Good old Wandi's sire, Sarchedon, claims the winners of the Flint Handi- cap and the Flying Handicap. Astle- ford and Gooley had the best winning mounts through the meeting. If Stuart's handicaps were all similar to his list in the Stuart Handicap it is small wonder thal he failed to annex a prize. A singular »racing point cropped up at Alice Springs on Saturday last. It appears that Brownlock was awarded lOst by the handicapper for the Flying Handicap, but the Secretary, in enter- ing the weights in his book, gave the horse 10.3, and he weighed out at that. Brownlock ran last, but the owner entered a protest, claiming the stakes. The Hon. Sec. wired to the N.T.R.C. asking for a decision on certain points stated, and the parent club replied that the responsibility of putting up the correct weight relied with the jockey when weighing out, assuming, of course that he had means of ascer- taining what weight the handicapper apportioned his horse. The N.T.R.C. Committee also held that under no circpmstances could Brownlock's owner claim the stakes, particularly as the Alice Springs secretary's telegram advised that the horse " could not have won under any circumstances." It was a point, however, that might cause some trouble on racecourses under certain^ conditions, and the parent club's ruling was not intended to cover : all complaints of the kind. Several snakes have been killed by town householders within the week. The ss Taiyuan will leave Sydney on April 25. Through cargo will leave Adelaide on 12th April. So far as we can hear the latest case of measles is that of a daughter of Mr. J. Cleland. All the patients are doing famously. The kerbing contract in Smith-street is now completed, and has the effect of improving the appearance of the street very much. The firewood license difficulty has been overcome upcountry by the cutters taking out miner's rights and working under those. The annual meeting of the Railway Cricket Club will be held on Wednes- day night next, at the Terminus Hotel. Time : 8 sharp. Mr. Price hands over the nice little sum of £41 to his successor with which to carry on the Musical and Dramatic Society's affairs. The new secretary of the Port Dar- win Cricket Club is Mr. Parsons, of the B.AT. staff. He is an ardent cricketer and should make matters hum. We are advised by Mr. Holtze, the Returning Officer for the N. T., that absent voters certificates will be issued to the various post misters by this day's mail. It is reported that the Cosmopolitan (Pine Creek) Co. is idle again owing to the men suspending work in conse- quence of their wages being some months in arrears. Shareholders in the Pine Creek Pros- pecting and Miuing Co., should muster strong at the meeting called for Tues- day next, the 11th, as most important business has to be gone through. Nearly five inches of rain fell in Palmerston on Monday and Tuesday, but the weathei since has been very suggestive of the dry season. Pine Creek reports southeast-fever winds having set in. The bicycle^ club members "had a very enjoyable run to Rapid Creek on Friday last. They left town about 11 a.m., returning about 4.30 p.m. A good swim in the fresh water was in- dulged in ore leaving for home. We hear that an offer .has been sent from Thursday Island for the whole of the Pearling and Trading Co's fleet of boats. If a question of registration can be promptly settled the Co. can dispose of five out of its eight luggers to local buyers. The export of gold from South Aus- tralia, not reckoning the Northern Territory, during 1898 amounted to 2799oz., valued at £10,676. This is exclusive of the gold used by the local jewellers in their manufacture, as well as that taken away privately. Mr.' S. Budgen's horse Don, the bracelet winner of last year, will be in town about the end of next week. He is coming down in charge of Mr. W. Griffiths, who' has left New- castle Waters for Pine Creek. Besides Don Mr. Budgen is having another horse sent over, so that he will have two strings to Ms bow this season. C. Gooley, who was over here in Gaioola/s year, is bringing up another lot of horses from Alice Springs for the Palmerston meeting. J. McLeod is another certainty, and it is expected that the racers- Commandant and Bolero will be brought over by another Central sport. Nothing is yet known as to Mr, Lennie's intentions. On jonday afternoon, after the cricket match, a boys bicycle race was run on the Oval, distance about half a mile. It was run in heats, as follows : -First heat : S. Budgen, 50. yds., 1st ; C. Cleland, scr., 2nd ; W. Drysdale, 40yds., 3rd. Second heat : G. Nor cock, 40yds., 1st ; N. Jephcott, 20yds., 2nd ; F. Price, 40yds. behind scr., 3rd. Final: G. Norcock, 40yds., 1st; C. Cleland, scr., 2nd ; S. Budgen, 50yds., 3rd ; N. Jephcott, 20yds., 4th. There were two small cash prizes, and the race caused considerable amusement. The lads were handicapped by Mr. N. M'Donald. The arrears of mining rent question is creating a great deal of comment not very flattering to the powers that be, and it is quite on the cards that any attempt to enforce payment through «the law courts will be strenuously re- sisted. The Minister's position is absolutely untenable, for even if we admit a legal right to claim arrears under the peculiar circumstances, no one can make us believe that the Minister has even the ghost of a moral right to make this singular demand. It is of the greatest importance to the mining industry that the matter should be decided promptly. If the Ministerial fiat is upheld it will be readily understood that mining in- vestors will simply decline to take np leases whilst there is a probability of tbeir being held liable for rents for the full terra of years, whether the ground is considered worth holding or not. The Government Resident should at once point out to Mr. Holder the pos- sible evils which will spring from this iniquitous claim, if it is persisted in. When a man abandons a lease, after losing every penny he possessed, it is certainly extremely rough on him that he should be held liable for the rents say for 20 years after he has thrown up the lease as unprofitable. The Eastern Extension Cable Com- pany has placed before the Govern- ment of Queensland a scheme by which Brisbane will be made the terminus of its Australian system. The proposal is cf such a nature that the Govern- ment is favorably impressed with it. Showing the vast strides electriety is making in its onward march it may be mentioned that at Cripple Creek, Col., it has become possible to reach the mining camp in a Pullman car, ride to the mines in an electric car, descend in an elevator run by electricity, see by electric light the underground workings, and observe the ore haulud to the surface by electric power. 