Oj/Rj T mm\ ijii I >ar THE STRIKE OF TILLIE SLATER. Tillie Slater often sain she1 was work ing her lingers to the bono, but nobody seemed to care. Tillio's sister Alice was the "fashion- able" dressmaker in Rose-berry Row, and Tillie was her assistant. She cut button holes, sewed straight seams on the ma chine, pulled out basting threads, helped to cool; the meals, washed dishes, swept floors and read the news to her brother Geoffrey. There hud been a time when the Slater girls had looked upon Geoff rey as a helper and a protector iu the struggle with poverty, which was the only legacy their parents had left them. But that was before the accident on the new school house, where lie was Avorking. After that his arms Avere limp and life less, liis hack was bent, and his eyes were had, and the poor hoy. with the hope and strength of lt'.s seventeen years all bligh ted, because nothing but a burden to his faithful sisters. There Avere a good many times avIach Tillie Avorked herself into tho belief that she was a martyr. Then she secretly re belled against tho hardness of her lot; hut, with the exception of commenting on the condition of iter linger tips, she con siderately refrained from complaining in Alice's presence. But when tlie.v took the baby to raise she felt that she was justi fied iu open rebellion. "It's a doAvuright shame," she cried out, bitterly, Avlien Alice brought tho little fel low home aa'il h her from the funeral and announced her intention of keeping him. "I. declare, 1 won't put up Avith it. ,Tnst ns if Ave haven't had a hard enough time already Avithout this happening. It's been nothing hut Avorl;, Avork, all my life. I've never had time nor the money to go to . places, and do things like other girls. I've never said anything about Uoav I felt, for 1 supposed yon and Gooff ley Avere suffer ing just as much as I did. But wlnm it comes to saddling ourselves Avith other- people's children. I Avon't si a ml it." "But lie's our own nephew." persisted Alice, gently. "Our own sisler's child. Just before Clara Avenl she called me iu unci asked me to lake him and bring him lip, and I've got to do it. Remember, he is an orphan as Avoii as ourselves, Tillie. If avo don't care for him. who will?" "I don't kuoAV," said Tillie. stitily. "I (suppose you can put him in an asylum or an institution. That is where other baliics go aa-hen J licit- fathers and mothers die, and he's no better than the rest of them. There's one thing sure. avo can't have him. One more mouth to feed and one more body to clothe means a good deal to poor folks like us. And avc need so many things uoav, too. Beside?, AVho's going to take care of him? A tAVO-year-ohl baby can'i very Aveli shift for himself." "Yes, I know," returned Alic-e. "I thought you could take hifn out for an airing sometimes and look afrer him a lit tle nights and mornings. Geoffrey and I can manage to get along same way during the day. Then vacation avIII so:;n he here and you will have lots of time to give him." "Take care of him nights and mornings and haul him around during vacation! Yes, indeed, I see myself doing it. I'll strike, that's what I'll do, Alice .Slater. I won't turn my hand over to help about one solitary thing. If you're going to burden yourself with troublesome babies, you'll have to get along the best ay ay you can. I shan't help." Alice sighed and commenced to pare tile potatoes for supper. Tillie took up her Latin reader and tried to study, but somehoAv she could not concentrate her thougiils 011 the lesson. Through the open door she could see the baby sitting by the scAving room window in the midst of some flowering plants that Tillie had carefully mused throughout tiie winter. He was a bounie child, and lie looked so sweet and pretty in his pink dress and white ruffled apron that even Tillies hardened heart was touched, and the thought Avas borne in on her mind as she watched him that of all the flowers blooming there the daintiest and fairest was her little nephew. " Why don't you kiss the baby, dear?" said Alice, as she began to set the table. "Don't act that way. Poor little thing, be has been so lonesome . yesterday and to-day without his mother. Clara al- , ways spoiled him, I guess. He'll get over it soon, but It's pitiful uoav to see how his heart is grieA'ed for her." Alice lifted a corner of her apron to her eyes, but Tillie turned her attention to the Latin reader once more and refused to welcome the addition to their family. She did not refer to the subject' again, but her actions gave positive proof that the strike was on. "Tiliie's still sulking," Alice said to Geoffrey one morning, after her sister had gone to school without heeding the boy, who had held out his chubby hands, and asked, in his baby A\'ay, to be taken, too. "There's been an awful change in her. She never does anything unless I ask her to, and sire seems to hate litrle Hiram. I'm sure I don't know what I'm going to do about it," and the nineteen- year-old breadwinner sighed. "Don't Avorry, Alice," said patient Geof frey. "Don't pay any attention to her awhile. Anybody 'd have to love this child. It's contrary to human uature to hold unkind feelings tOAvard him." But Tillie's had humor did not wear off. Tire strike Avas continued throughout April and May, and when a'acation began her dislike for the little boy who bad, by common consent, been consigned to her care, was at fever heat. Tillie herself often wondered Iioav she could treat him so badly. "Hiram Stewart, Hiram Stewart I hate you," sire said one day in a low, tense voice that fairly frightened her when she realised what a terrible state of mind such a tone must express. She had taken him out to the park that afternoon for an airing in compliance with Alice's request. She placed li'ui in one corner of a wooden bench and knelt before him that she might look him squarely in the face AVhen telling him what she thought of liim. Even in the midst of lier auger Tillie iuvoluntarily pronounced him the prettiest baby in the whole world. Avith his soft brown hair . long dark lashes and beautifully mould. d fac-e, but the thought did nut cause her to relent. "Do you know what you have done to 1110, Hiram Stewart?" she went on. "You've made me work my fingers to the bono." Tillie could not fori rear using her favorite expression, iu spite of the fact that she had been doing comparatively little since his coining. "Yon keep me from having any fun. I can't go visiting with the girls, but have to lug you around every bright day ins lead." Great tears were coursing down the baby's cheeks and his breast heaved with the storm of sobs that was about to break. Tillie saw his grief, but she went ou mercilessly. "I had completed plans for having a lit tle pleasure this summer for tlic first time in my life, and you had to come iu and knock them all in the head. Hiram SxeAvart, you're the post of my existence. I'm not going to put up with you any longer. I'm— going— to— lose— ycu." It seems as though the child understood the import of the words, for he .set up a cry that echoed through that part of the park and attracted the attention of every body avIio chanced to be lounging there. "Oh, dear! Oh, dear!" lamented Tillie. "I'a-e done it uoav. I ought to have kuoAvii better than to get him scared. I must try to quiet him somehow, There, there, baby," and she assumed a coaxing tone, "don't cry. Tillie didn't mean it. Come on, darling, and go to sleep. Tillie'l! sing for you." She took him in her arms and sat down in his corner of the bench. Then, sway ing herself gently back wnu! and fon\\-a?d, she murmured a lullaby Avith which her own bear! had often been soothed Avhen heavy Avith infantile avocs. The after noon suu Avas sinking low, and its last rays fell athwart the fair face nestled against her shoulder, avIicu Tillie ceased singing and assured herself that the baity was sound asleep. One little hand was closed over the end of the lace scarf at her throat, hut she deftly loosed Lis grasp, and AVitli a dexterity horn of a settled determina tion she slipped him from her arm to the bench. Then she stood up and looked around. That corner of the park Avas momentari ly deserted. The only persons in sight were throe boys iu a boat, quite it dis tance our on the lake, aud a fisherman, avIio Avas just returning from the end of the pier. She AAmtchcd the fisherman until be struck into a pathway leading south, then turned to the baby once more. One tiny hand Avas doubled up under his head and the oilier nestled beneath his chin. There were tear stains 011 his cheeks, and even iu his sleep his breath ing was convulsed uoav and then, as though dreaming of the soitoav he had just borne. Tillie gave one more quick, frightened glance at the child 011 the bench, then turned and ran, Avith the SAvifUtess of tt young gazelle, through a deeply shaded path that branched off from the wide car riage Avay. Twilight had already settled doAAii in the tree-lined Avail;, and there was no one to Avalch Iter flight. She had almost reached the street, where the cable ears Avere running to and fro, be fore anyone crossed her path. Then she slackened lior speed aud Avalked into the AVide drive Avith apparent unconcern. The clock In the toAver of the railroad depot at the head of Roseberry row Avas striking seven Avhen Tillie Avalked into the kitchen— alone. Supper had been standing for half an hour, and Alice al ready had grown nervous and anxious. "Where's lliram?" she asked, aa'heu she perceived that Tillie did not have the baby. "O-o-o-h," moaned Tillie over and over again. Her grief Avas not feigned, for her alarm had by that time become genuine in realisation of hoi- offence. "What's the matter?" repeated Alice. "Where's Hiram V" "He's lost, or stolen or something." said Tillie. "I had hint on a bench close to the lake, and I jnst went down to the edge of the water for a few minutes, and when I Vent back he aa-as gone. O-o- o-h!" " Somebody's stolen him," said Geoff cry. Alice was weeping piteously. "Did you speak-to a policeman, Tillie?" she asked. "N-n-o," faltered Tillie. "I didn't think about it." Within an hour's time a description or the lost child had been sent to every police station in town. That was a pro ceeding Tillie had not counted on, and she aa-ondered what the outcome would be. It practically resulted in nothing, for in spite of the assurances of the offi cer Avho patroled Roseberry row that Hiram aa'ould be restored by morning, the next day daAA-ned without briugiug any uews of the pretty boy. Tillie passed a miserable night. She begged to be al lowed to sit up with Alice aud the neigh bors who bad come in, but they bade bet- go to bed. "It isu t your fault, child, they saici, kindly. "Nobody blames you. You look lilce you'd been sick for a Aveek. Go to bed aud try to rest a little." Their tender solicitude increased bet- feeling of guilt. Along toAvard morning she fell asleep, but she Avas tormented by such awful dreams that she aa-as glad when tncy tojd her it Avas lime to get up. A Aveek passed, and iu spite of the ef forts of the police tiie Slater baby aa-as still missing. Tillie had rid herself of her troublesome little relative, but somehow his absence did not bring the sense of freedom she had expected. The strike had been called off, and she again helped Alice of her oavu accord. But there wasn't much to be done. SoAvlug was slac-k just then, and all the duties pertaining to the baby were no longer needed. She had plenty of time to go visiting with the girls, but she had 110 inclination to im prove her opportunity, and every day she looked longingly at the high-chair which stood empty among the roses and gerani ums and carnations, and Avondored Avhat had become of him. Of afternoons she went to the park and sat on the bench Avliere she had left him in the chill of the coming night. The picture of ilte baby as ho lay there Avas constantly before her and she cried out that hot- heart was breaking. It Avas her first great sin, aud the punishment was terrible. On the eighth day afier "losing" the baity Tillie aa-alkcd dejectedly through the park tOAvard the fateful spot. Her head was bent, and she did not raise her eyes from the ground till near the fami liar bench. Then she stopped short Avitli a cry of alarm and rubbed her eyes to make sure she a\as aAvako. Yes, she avus right; site had lost Iter mind indeed, for there ou that self-same bench, dressed in the same pink frock, aud lying in the same attitude, in the same corner, aa-as the despised baby. Her heart gave a mighty bound as though it aa'ould jump clear out of her mouth. "He's dead, and that's his ghost," she cried, faintly; "but I'm going to look at his pretty face once more, auyAvay." A moment later she stood beside him, and in another instant Hiram Stewart, in flesh and blood, not in spirit, was clasped in Iter strong young arms. ".My darling, darling baby," she sob bed. I love you; indeed I do." Thc-re avus a note pinned to his dress. It avus addressed to her. She opened it and read its follows: "On the afternoon of Tith June an old man avIio Avas res: 'mg in tho shadow of a chimp of bushes in Lincoln Park heard a little girl saying some very cruel tilings to a baby. Among other tilings siio threatened to 'lose" him. The o'.d matt AA-as sorely grieved at that, and after the litllo girl had run aAva.v he ay cut over i and sat 011 the bench beside the sleeping boy. It was dark aviien the baby aaa-oke and sat up and looked around him. lie aa-as chilled and hungry, and frighleuctl at the lonc-somc stillness, and if the little girl could have hoard his pitiful crying site Avould have vowed never to -lose' him again, but to love him donriy. "The old man tool; hint home. lie soon learned, through the newspapers, to Avhom the child belonged. He made a trip to Rose berry i-oav and tohl the little girl's brother and sister a foAv things, and they decided it would be as avc-11 to bring the little girl to her senses. The old man has given the child the best of care. He aa onld like to keep him nhvays, hut there are others who have a better claim. I-Ie is yours henceforward." There was 110 name signen to the let ter. Tillie looked all around for the old man, Avho, site thought, must be near, but he had disappeared as mysteriously as he had come the day she "lost" the baby. j Tillie clasped Hiram's c-liubby arms round her neck and pressed hint close to iter heart. She Avent straight to Rose berry i'oav. "I've found him, Alice," she said, sim ply. "You know all about it. I'm sorry. The strike is over, Alice, and if you don't let me work niy fingers to the bone now-. I'll never forgive you."— "Chicago Re cord." O'Hara: "She was a good wife to me, poor woman. Many's the Avord of good advice she gave me." 0'Gara:"Tlirue for ye, and many's the time I've heard her advisin' ye when I lived in the house be- yont, a mile up the road, ochone!" "I do not see," she said with great se verity, "bGAv it AA'ould be possible to add to the unslghtliness of bloomers. And the little wheelAvoman contented herself with innocently remarking: "Perhaps you are prejudiced. Did you cA-er Avcar them?" She (calmly): I think there is a burglar in the house. Listen." He: "Oh, that's a mouse you hear." She (excitedly): "Wil liam, why do you seek to play upon my fears that Avay? ou knoAv it isn't a mouse." Lawyer: "What is your gross income'" Witness: "I have no gross incom?." La\v- yer: "No income at all?" Witness: "No gross income. I have a net income. I tun In the fish business." 