REVIEWS. ♦ " St. Peteb's " Xmas number. This per iodical maintains the high standard which characterised its first number issued just a year ago. We were then glad to recom mend it to our readers as a good sound Catholic periodical, and are gratified to find it has fully justified our firat com mendation. The articles and stories are well written by such familiar writers as Katharine Tynan, Magdalen Hope, Clement Scott, Hilaire Belloc, Christopher Hare, ete. "Xmas at Bethlehem" is graphically described by A. F. Spender. A pretty story is " Signals on !" by E. P. Statham, as also " The Sin of Karl Klein" by Mrs. Charlton Arme, while " A marriage of ghosts," by McDonnell Bodkin, completes a most interesting volume. The illustra tions are very fine and the letterpress of the best style. We heartily wish "St. Peter's" many successful years. "The Windsob Magazine."—From W. C. Rigby we have received " The Windsor Magazine," which as usual is smart, up-to date, and interesting. The articles are entertaining, and the general appearance attracts the reader. There is a novel air about this number; the different stories are printed in various colored type, which gives a picturesque effect to the magazine. The illustrations are most realistic, includ ing fine photos of the Prince and Princess of Wales, their palace at Sandringham, and ts environs. The contributors include Marie Corelli, Rudyard Kipling, Conan Doyle, Bret Harte, and other well-known writers. The volume is accompanied by a complete volume of fiction, entitled "Pkra, the Phoenician," by Edwin Lester Arnold, which is well planned, novel, and fascinating. " Illustbated Explanation of the Holt Sacbaments " is a complete exposi tion of the Sacraments and Sacramentals of the Church, adapted f rom the original by the Rev. H. Rolfus, D.D., with a reflection and practice on each sacrament by Very Eev. Ferreol Girardey, C.S.S.R. Many people who practise their faith most devoutly are not always able to give to non-Catholics an account of the faith that is in them. A clear explanation of the rites and ceremonies of our holy religion is a task of which n'ot every Catholic is thoroughly capable. As every little move ment, sign, etc., is explained in a simple, clear manner, we think no house should be without the book. To teachers it should prove invaluable. Price 75 cents, Benziger Brothers, New York, Cincinatti, Chicago. "Let no Man put Asunder" is the title of a prettily-written book by Josephine Marie. The first scene occurs in a hospital, An elderly doctor is trying to persuade a beautiful young convalescent, Esperance, to go to his home until she can find some employment. It taxes his utmost capacity to induce her to do so, " on account," she says, " of her past history." It is the old story of a young, innocent girl (her mother) marrying an artist secretly, who being discarded by her parents, Anally dies of neglect, leaving the delicate girl to the mercies of the world. Fortu nately for Esperance she fell in with kind friends in Doctor Thornsdale, his wife, and two sons, Donald and Anselm. The elder (Donald), falls in love with Esperance, but he having to study medi cine in Paris for some years, they part, pledging fidelity to each other. During Donald's absence Anselm cannot resist the charznB of his brother's fiancee, and useB deception to break her trust in Donald, by making it appear that he has married another, chance stepping in to Anselm's aid. The sequel of the story is exciting and interesting, and clearly shows forth the salutary teaching of the Church upon the subject of divorce. We heartily recommend this to our readers, and think that more books of this kind would do much good, as the teachings of the Church are interspersed with just a sufficient touch of romance to delight the reader, while he imbibes Bound moral teaching. . Price 1 dollar, Benziger Bros., New York. The Assyrian Mission. — The Rev. Joseph Dahdah, Marounite Missionary, arrived in Adelaide from the Eastern Colo nies on Wednesday. Father Joseph is in this part of the world on a general mission for the Assyrians throughout Australasia. This is his third visit to South Australia, his previous sojourns here being in 1884 (when he first arrived in Australia) and in the year following. Each time he remained here for two months, and proposes to put in a similar term this time. Since his last visit he has travelled through out Australasia. The headquarters of the mission are situated at St. Maroun's Church, Redfern, Sydney, which was opened by Cardinal Moran on January 10,1897. The results of Father Joseph's constant labors have provided it with a fine organ, and a large painting of St. Maroun, patron of his order. The missionary put in three months in Brisbane, and visited Armidale For five months he sojourned in New Zealand, visit ing and ministering to his fellow oountry men in Wellington, Dunedin, ChriBtchurch, and Invercargiil. The Assyrians of Adelaide have an affectionate regard for their Father Joseph, who is a warm-hearted and hard-working pastor. He will be the guest of Coory Brothers, Assyrian mer chants, of Hindley Street. Men will die for an opinion as well as for anything else.—Hazlitt. 