CHAPTER n. "Oil, Mrs Wingfield, I can't-indeed X can't"-and Erlistoun turned away timidly from tlio swimming mistress's strong bands. . "Nonsense, my love, nonsense !" answered Mrs Wingfield, "do not be such a little coward. Look at tlio other girls they are not foolish. Come, come, brace yourself ; yon,must have more confidence-one jump i with your hands as_I havo mino-and after the first shock you will bo all right." And Mrs Wingfield turned to the springboard, onco moro dragging Erlistoun with her. Seven weeks had passed since the "first lesson, A hot December bad set io, with tiresome long nights of mosquitos and warm winds, and long, hot days, when Smith's arithmetic wus simple torture ancj ice creama seemed the only reasonable seasonablo things to think of. Erlistoun had learnt to swim and had grown a little more used to tlio water, but she had not gained the " confidence " Mrs Wingfield insisted was so necessary. And she had j decided that sharp, sudden action would wuko | the child up and do her a great deal of good. So sho told her to dive from tho tpringboard into^tho deep water-it would tcach her that sho could depend on herself-and the shock would do away with her fear. Mrs Wing field, in a red twill bathing-dress, was an imposing figure, and tho pupils, sylph-liko in their young slimness, stood much in awo of her. Never had one of them been eo dis obedient aB this small Erlistoun Macquarie, as she flatly and obstinately refused to jump from the springboard. And hernyes flashed defiance at the stout lady beforo her. There was a liglit in them Mrs Wiugfietd did not! understand. Was it entreaty, defiance, or terror, or all threo ? Mrs Wingfield grow angry, then angrier, then furious. Sho had never had such an obstinate pupil before. The others had all gained confidence and scientific facta with each fresh stroke. But this small, blue-clad figure hung to a post and would not bo pushed, coaxed or threat ened on to the springboard lying so invitingly in the sunshine. "I will not," sho cried fiercely, after a littlo struggle. " I cannot and I will not." Mrs Wingfield becamo nearly as scarlet as her bathing suit. " Will not," she echoed. "Do you know what you are saying ? " Erlistoun nodded and whitened pitifully. Mrs Wingfield, besido herself with rage, almost threw her from her. "Very well," sho said, white heat in her tone, " very well, you shall havo your own way, you little coward. Yes, coward; do you hear ? By that name you shall be known among us until you liave^prung from that hoard aB I tell you. Go and dross yourself. You are a disobedient, obstinate, cowardly, little stupid, and I havo done with YOU." And Mrs Wingfield, with a short " Time to come out " to tho other girls, disappeared iu her dressing-box, leaving them marvelling at Erlie's cowardice, for they were all fearless -used to tho water and daringly fond of it. "Mrs Wingfield shouldn't have spoken so roughly to Er'.io," Freda Farrol whispered to Minnie later, as they wore walking along tho sea esplanade, tlio mistress severelv silent in front, wlnlo Erlistoun lingered be laud in disgrace. " Mrs Nelson wouldn't like her to ; but, all tho same, Erlio is a coward. It's such an easy littlo jump-why I sprang from it at my third lesson, and this is Eriie'B seventh." Somehow tho account of this littlo affair, exaggerated and twisted, got about tho school, and tho namo " Coward " fastened itself on to her with a cold, sickly clutch. Girls who had been growing fond of the gentle littlo thing who was always ready to help them if rfio coukl, and cure their head aches and lend them things, drow back into themselves, for they despised her timidity. Besides, Erlistoun distinguished herself by fainting at what sho felt suro was it ghost one dark night. It turned out to bo a maid's white apron, lying half in shadow, half in moonlight, on tho kitchen stairs, and through this a secret supper tho girls had arranged, and which was just being smuggled into the kitchen was discovered, and the leaders of the mischief punished. Of course thoy blamed Erlie's cowardice for this,-no other girl would hove imagined sttch silly things as ghosts. I'oor little Erlistoun ! it was a ter rible week for her ; she was not like tho wild little stationbred girls one reads of, though sho could ride and dnvo like a boy ; but in this city life there wero so may things that bewildered her. On tho following Saturday morning came tho usual trip to Manly, and tho usual walk to the baths. Generally Mrs Wingfield and her pupils had tho baths to themselves, but this morning there were one or two other children there, and tho air was merry with shouting and splashing and triumphant yells, as tho small figures sprang from the spring boards, diving, swimming, fighting joyously in the deep water. There was one tiny, dar ing little mortal about nine, who seemed to bo all over tho place at once. If Freda wanted to divo from tho springboard on tho left, this littlo thing was already there, a vision of white arms and legs and crimson bathing snit. If Frances went to the ono on the right hand side, the small fijjure would be tbcro laughing and chattering an instant, and then with a spring she would vanish in tho waters below, to appear a moment later, smiling and spluttering. Sho seemed to havo no fear, and did evervthing it is possible to do in the way "of diving and floating and swimming and-especially -screaming. Erlistoun, in deep disgrace for her accidental botraval of tho secret sup rer. watched it all wistfully as sho paddled harmlessly about in the shallow water near tho stops, and wondered if sho would over bo able to do the same, and whether this title of i "coward" would stick to her for long, aud if tho magpies were singing at her home, and whether mother was on the verandah writ ing those stories which delighted Erlio so and went out into tho world and delighted other littlo girls, too. How long she sat on tho steps, sunning herself like a lizard and dreamiug of home, sho did not know; a scream aroused her, and a cry of " Oh, Margie, Margio!" and there in the water below was a little crimson figure struggling frantically, and close to her was a row of shining teeth and a hideous shark face, upside down. All tho girls had escaped to tho steps, aud watched spellbound, for ono brief second, and then someone flow along the springboard, ttiere was a cry and a splash, and Erlistoun the coward dived down to a fluttering mass of crimson there was a horrible moment of whito teeth and sickening suspense, a shrill strange crv broke from Erlio: The keeper of the baths had now rushed into a punt near. In a moment he was besido them, and lifted Erlio and tho crimson girl into safety. Tho watchers who Imd stood as if a magic spell of stillness had been cast on them, breathed the first sigh of relief. Touderly they led the small Margio up the steps; sho was excited and voluble, and cried for "Mother!" But the other was carried up still more tendorly, and tho look on the white, nobio littlo facc they never forgot. "Sbo has fainted," said Mrs Wingfield, who had wrapped horself up in a huge npd hideous Turkish towel. And then she started back with a shocked ory. For the smal! hand that hung limply over tho manager's arm as he carried her was stained with blood, and tho tip of ono finder was missing. = " It was long before Erlistoun Macquarie camo back to school again, for after this terrible thing they took her homo to recover from the shock. In time her finger healed, in timo tho memory of her fight with the shark was dulled; but to forget-it was im possible. Sho had thrown off the namo of coward, and was tho heroine of tho school when she returned, and they showered her so plenti fully with love and admiration that it was hard to believe that these were tho girls who iiad onco despised and shunned her so. Tho fh*rk was caught tl^e samo afternoon ; it was a very small ono. How it got in tho baths was a mystery. It is true that the trapdoors had been opened that morning; that was the only way it could bo accounted for, though Freda Farrel always maintained that a shark's egg must have gone and hatched itself. The swimming mistress took to herself much pride and praiso. " You soo what my pupils can do," she said complacently. " That child could not swim a stroko when sho was sent to ine, and I took her in hand. Indeed, t he _usod positively to" scroam at sight of tho water. But I believe in en couraging my pupils to have confidence, and with the help of a fow toieutifio facts which I inculcate into them from the first lesson I flatter myself I am very successful." A Reading bridegroom blew his head off tho day after his second marriage. Ho was 57 and tlio bride 21. Tho bride who had beon his housekeeper, stated at | tho inquest that her husband had, threatened to commit suicide if she- did ' ' not uiarry hira. 