We're JLooklnjr for that Bloke. lt's with feelings akin co sheepishness and corses when I Httits That the hands are ali aswearing in a manner np» to-date. ?'? We're lcokins; for a f-pieler bloke, a bloke named ; Doctor Jones, And when wa sight his phizzigg, yon will hear of broken bones. Yes, when we Bight the bounder yon can plank yer dollars down , He'll coree the day he ever did na coves a dirty brown. - - He'll bs sorry that he did it when our maulers hold tbe trumps, And he'll wnnt ter git his head read by them oovea what tails yer bumps. He drove np to the station in a patent Yankee trap ; Wore a pair of bluish goggles, Btiffish Bbirt and topper hat. His face waa cleanly shaven, he'd a highly-coloured noss, A strike-me-Ianoy waistcoat, and a flashie suit o' clothes. y ' He brought along his outfit-'twas a wopping case of pills, And swore they'd cure for certain all kinds ot mortal ills. The prioe he said was lowly (how we swallowed all his kid)- , -v. There, three half-orowns the bottle, or take two fer'alf a quid, . Well. Harry, George and Charlie, meself and Cangai Bill, We eaoh took on a bottle in oase we might get ill. Eaoh paid his three halt- oasera ; the Doctor said \- .' Sn long 1"- . He'd osll and see, p'raps, later how we was getting on. Then whipping np his chestnuts he soooted from . the run . (I wish I had the yahoo now within range of me gun. I'd load it with pills and powder, then tie him to.a post;' I'd drill his ugly caroase till he had to ohuok the ghost.) That night just after supper we waa sitting round the fiare,.. When Harry murmured absent like " Mo head feels sorter queer." « And étrange to say both Bill and me had shootings in the baok ; Thon George said how this week or two his apper tite waa slaok. And Charlie thought a bit and said of late he couldn't sleep For the aching and the nagging of hia only two . baok teeth. .. ' .¡... So he put it to the meeting, and we carried it by vote ' To take a doBo ot oure-alls (three pills is what was wrote.) : Each man got down his pint-pot, and we all stood in a row, Fut- three pills in the water, then Harry shouted . : " GO 1" ... . . . ' : . And we swamped the fluid quickly, getting down ... the pills all right; Then George said something awful ; Harry shrieked with all his might. Charlie grabbed his stomach quiokly and let go a dingo yalli Shouted-out he'd swallowed hornets and all the ? snakes of hell. Then mo and Bill got tangled in a knot upon thc floor, ' . / '". A-kioking and a-biting till We couldn't move no more. ( Noxt morniug when the station woko the five of ui they found All groaning something frightful, stretched out upon the ground. And they brought, ns round with whisky, bat we nearly toed the blook ; Kow we've got our shooters loaded , and we're ? looking for the Doo. \ THE OHVMMIE. Feb. 28th, 18U3. 