WESTWARD HQ ! I No. VUL COONAMBLE AN© ITS SURROUND INGS. A Cirol© ot Spiritists-Some' Manifesta tions— The Murder of Mrs Regan at Forbes — Attributed by the Spirits to a Blackfellow — A Shear Blade the Instrument— A Message from the Other World- i% Look Not Upon the 'Wine wlien It is Red '— Exliuming a China man— aAn Irish Bull'-An Irish Colonist's Remains Transmitted to the Flowery Land— Some Early Politicians Sir Patrick Jefcnings-George LordGeo Edwin Cass— A Legislative Concertina Pla^r ' Stockwhip ' Kelly* (Br An Ex-Coustebcul)', In writing about F«rbos ia Tbuth, 23-10/08, I made meutioa of the brutal murder ot an agod widow named Reg^n on the Condooolio road just outside Foxl^s, As then men tioned, two perdous, hcubaud and wife were tried at Bathnrslfor tbe crime the husband being acquitted, the jury disagreeing as to the wife's guilt, she boing subsequently tried atD&ilinghurst; and acquitted. The story of the murder cropped up a^aia uuder extra ordiiary circumstances at Coonamble. 1 have mentioned the existence ef a circle of spirits an holding . nightly ee&nces;, the medium being tlie eld geutleman who had been a member of tho Queeaelaad legislature and who had/ eettUd for the time fceiug on the bank* of the Catjtler^agb. The seances were held ia a large room some distaoc* from tbo street, the ghostly hour ct xniduighl being chosen aa the most suitable, the townspeople being wrapt iu slumber, and therefore our investigations likely to be un disturbed. TUtf circlo numbered seven, inch member being eo conservative that no addi tions were made. I was admittod as a visitor, and, as a speoial mark of favor, initiated into the mysteritu. Seated round 3 title, in utter darkness, tho circls commenced opera tions. The medium produced the planchotte, an instrument made of polisliod cedar, cut heart-shape, with glas9 bills, let in to facili« tate travelling over paper, and inserted at the point of tbo heirt was alesd pencil, I must admit that many of tbe manifestations were of an extraordinary character aad impressed me seriously* I was the more impressed as I noted tbe seriousness wi:h whish tho circle pursued the work. I vra9 a siloiU wit ness for sever&l; nights, but eventually ventured to make enquiries. 1 was emboldened to this by the iaformatioa given thai I was under the epeoial guidance and care of a fair-, haired spirit. I raked my meoiory for an? deceased relative that tr.icht answer the des cription given bp the medium, but memory failed. I tt&b; obliged to be content, however, with the assurance that ske was there.. As I bad been much iatereet?d in the facie concerning the murder of poor Mrs. Began at Forbes 1 ventured to enquire if the spirit of that lady could be preBsnted for tbe purpose of qaestioniqg, I was told that she would appear on the econe immediately aud she did. The spirit of the old lady submitted very gra^iou*ly to my questioning. (This scene for many reasons would have charmed Judge Wiudeyer). The maunor of her death, aa related by the spirit, knockol t^.e bottom out of the police theory. It will -be remembered toai the -weapon woicb gave the poor old vomaa twenty or thirty Qruel fitabs was never fo&nd.; It was surmise i that a sharp knife, auoh as sailors use, was the deadly weapon used. The spirit of Hrs Began told tbe oirole that a shear blade was the instrument and that a blackfellow named Tarpot wee ^ the murderer* When asked what had become ot the shear Wade tbe spirit informed ua that it was thrown into the lsgoon near tha footbridge, and that Tarpot had escaped riding a horse stolen from the stables of the storo at South Forbes. The questions and answers oovered several sheets of paper and were considered of sufficient | importance to bs specially disposed of. They were signed, each sneet, by the circle, tied up and sealed and deposited in the hands of the police magistrate, it B Bailey, who placed I them in the office safe I Mr Bailey *ae not j informed of the nature of the papers, but was told that after a lapse of three years he oould open aod examine them it he desired. He pro mised to avail himself of tbe permission at the expiration of the time. I am nob aware that any member of the cirole has iaierviewed Mr Bailey -upon tbe subject; I have not, nor have I heard anything of the matter since. Perhaps Mr Bailey, if he hai not; got his knife too far into Troth over that wretched Cootamundra business, will let u« know what he did with the parcel* Anyhow, per haps I have given the police a new theory to start upon, and if Botective Heatinge, who had ohargo of the case at the time, is anythingof a spiritiu he might take a hand in the game. It will be something out of the police groove to run a murderer down .through ths neSium of a seance. Tbe murder of Maria Marten at the Red Barn was revealed in a dream to the girl's mother, and led. to the tracing aod execution of the murderer, Fisher's ghost caused the execu tion of Fisher's murderer in the old gaol yard, Lewer George-street, and who knows bat tbat a spiritualistic seance might lead to disoloBures as to tho murderer of Mrs Began and jain an extra stripe or the * butterfly ' for 6ome flat-footed policeman. 4 « * I do not know whether I should laugh or be serious over the Ceonamble seanoea. Certainly some of the incidents wire laughable though gruesome, ^ On one occa&ion; we had at the planohetto the spirit of a departed store keeper who wai most anxious that a brother still in business should be warned against strong drinks. That th9 brother did indulge was beyond doubt and ihe mandate to warn ' him was considered sufficiently serious for the oifrole to debate as to tbe^persoo who should 1 convey the message from the other world. Ho one of those around the table was willing ' to be tbe messenger and it was determined to j leave the selection to the spirit. Bound ! went the planoheLte and when the lights were i raited the name of the medium, an ex* j Queensland legislator, appeared on the paper. I Being a thorough believer in spiritism, though not liking the office, he oonsented to toonvey the message, 1 confess I had rather he did I so than myself. Aa it was fairly well known 1 'that a circle met oightly in the town his tass was not so grave as it otherwise would be, Qe carried tho spirit writing to the brother, read him the warning and was received with due gravity. The warning was accepted too, knd although the storekeeper did not become a total abstainer, he ' pot the peg in * a bit, out of raBpeot to the memory of his departed brother., To satisfy myself that thiB spirit was good, not bail, I deiired to esquire ihe exact tvorJinjr on the head atone over -the brother's grave. The words came quiokly, and to satisfy the doubting Thomas, the oliole in a body adjourned to the cemetery to verify the ghostly wording. Jnst imagine smn or eight presumably sane men at 1 o'clook a.m., t^e aeon at the fall, shining brightly, traversing the treeless flat, a mile or bo in extent, wdioh -tande between the town of Coonamble and iheoxnetery. A' we, crossed the very appearance of this Gfod'e Acre wa- awesome. Shuiin? high ia the moonlight, Constable MirchellSj inonu n'ent appeared ghostly, and imagination conjured up fioen&e; that wojrfd have made Tan 0' Sbanter shiver. Putting all jesting aside we fonnd the tombstone and on it an inscription word for word corresponding with that pro duced by the planohette, * * A S Just here it may be mentioned tbat Mr John Bennett, the one time well- known theatrical manager, gave ovidenoe a few year* ago at Dariioghurst io favor of a former secretary of tho Sydney School of Arts who was charged with default. Tho witness said that the accused came for him once ot 3 o'clock a.m: and roused him out of hie warm bed with an intimation that William Sbakspeare wished to talk with him. The ex secretary was, and is still, I believe, a thorough believer in spirits— spooks of course, not tbe ardent sort, he being a teetotaller— and bad been attending a seance at which was present tho shale of the Bard of Avon. It is a matter of regret that Mr H ? , assuming that the Divine William was in a proper mood, did not obtain some .definite information which would have sottled the vexed questions : 'Who wrote Shakespeare's plays, aud -ras Hamlet mad? * ? ? The polio? court was not tbe ouly place where the Chinose of Ccoasmble created amusomont. There was a rare stir among theca once in consequence of a blunder or misconception, in fact it might be called an Irish bull, as tho sequel showed, My friend tbe attorney had received instructions from a Chinosb tirm to obtaia the usual parmit aud ge through the legal forms preceding the removal of the bones of a certain Cnina man to his native land, Tho defucct Chinkie was somebody among his own people, uud extra carb was to bo tukeo iu the ex humation and transmission of ihe bune dust. Tnsro wai no atone ..marking tue grave and persons in the primitive days wero buriud in a happy-go-lucky fashion some little difficulty was experienced in fixiu^ upon the* rigut spot. There was not a-- much dilfi* culty in fi.udiug the lemains of Ah Sin, as wo will call him, as the:e was at the old Mill town Cemetery at Baihuiet when Ban O'Connor's emissarios Mug up Daniohey/ Still there was trouble, but as some jptelli gent Chinamen were &uce; of the spot, the attorney marked tha grave-mouud pointed ont, preparatory to giving instructions ta the piok and shovel man. By eomo mischance the pick and shovel man lost sight of the exact spot, bnt went as near it ns memory would allow, with, to him, most satisfactory results; a colEn wae exhumed, duly labelled and enoioaed in a strong caee, and transmitted by bullock team to Sydeey, en route to the Flowery Land, The l&wyer;'e b.ll was1 paid without taxation — a most unheard of thing— and the affair forgotten. Some months after the ioo&( Chinese heid one of thoir gorgeous ceremonies in commemoration of the dead. Boast pig was in abundanoe, supported by lire crackers and peacock's feathers. Buring their inoantations, to their amazemeut, the Chineso discovered that the grave of Ah Sin had not been disturbed ; there was no doubt of that fac1-, ai the peaoo'ek's - feather-, craokers aod other decorations placed on the mouod at tbe previous funeral ceremonies were untouched. That some bone dust had been shipped was certain, but whose ? Tue . attorney was appealed to for an explanatioo, he in turn looked up the pick and shovel man, who pointed out tho spot whence he had taken the coffin wnich was supposed to have contained the bon'es of Ah Sin. . Then the oldest inhabitant , ^as disturbed out of his corner at ttMaoCollkfiigli's pub and promised an extra rum if he oould fathom the mystery, lie csuld and did- tbe promised rum noting as a potent memory reviver. The grave which )iad bfeen opened was that in whioh an old Irish seuler oa'med Magoveney had been buried some yocr* be fore after a splendid, wake, and whose Rido.* had sold out and returned to Ireland im mediately after the funeral, Tbe Chbose residents oc^their side repaired the mischief by shipping the bones of the real Simon Purj, but the ashes of the Irhhmau are sfill treasured np in the Flowery Laud; What Magoveney will thiuk when, on the Angel Gabriel sounding his trumper, he sits up and finds himself surrounded by grinning celestials who 'no savee ' bow he came there, oan only be surmised. If the widow Magoveney ever heard of the mischief to the bones of her' dear departed husband, she I might oansole herself with tha knowledge thu^ | his second interment was conducted wiih much pomp, that he bad a tioe. funeral, though of a heathen character, that every respect was paid to the remains, and that iu all probability bs rests as comfortably in ihe land of Confucianism as he did in hiB con secrated 6 x 2 in Coonamble cemetery. My legal friend says that it was hie first, as it will be his last, appearance in the sombre chacaeler of an undertaker. ? ? * To-day Coonamble returns one member to Parliament, Mr Hugh McDonald, a press-' man. * In days gone by it formed part of the Bo^an electorate and had as representatives two such opposite politicians as Sir Pair. ok Jennings and George Edwin Cass, The latter wa« looked upon ae a looal mau being, the proprietor of the only newspaper then in Coonamblo. (There are two published there now.) Tue last time Sir Pacriok put up for the Bogan his return cost him over £8000. It was an extensive .electorate and the Knight had committees iu every town, email and .large. When accounts .were sent in Sir P&triok; Jennings found that many of hia so called frieftds charged for their services. He paid the bills but the Bogan koew him no more. It was simply a case of killing the goo«e that laid the golden egg. Poor George Oaas w.aa not blessed with much of this worlds goods so that big election acoaunts were not hurled at him, I 8m told that he waa always a struggling man. He was an exosllent player on the English con certina and had,- L am told, frequented race oounes and publio gatherings and earned bread and (perhaps) butter by playing there* at. His oonet\tuenta made use of him oonn meroially. (sawonoe on the rail way platform at Dubbo an immense Cise obtaining perhaps 2i)0 soreanuug'white cookatbot, ooneigned for sale to Cass. , Imagine a menber of Mr M'Gowen* . labor party .ringing up Sussex street to lenow what galah's were fetooing or how laughihg jaokiesoi stood In the market There was ho payment of members in the time of George. CasB, and many funny things were done to make ends meet. Cass was in business in the wine and spirit trade for a while, and on one oocasion I came acro.s one of hiB travellers at Nyngan ' working his way on a member's pass. Fact* I believe there was a row in the House over it, but in thoBS days the Minister winked the other eye. Another prominent man represented the Bogan' in, at leaBt, one Par liament, -John Edward Kelly,, better known as * Stockwhip ' Kelly, from the fuot that he was the starter and proprietor of tbat periodical, .Mr Kelly had a pretty homestead on a fine eeleotion at Trangie, below- Dubbo, where I had the pleasure of meeting him on more than one occasion; which reminds me that I was at one time the happy proprietor 'of a complete file of the 'Stockwhip/ In ona of my good-natured fits (they come seldom . now) I lent the file ti a literary ((lend, 'hut have never been able to get tho papers back* -If my friend eees this I hope he wili,takei the hint and send tbe file under cover fto Tbuib offioB. Me. Kelly's mission is Parliament wasehiefiy in coonection with land legislation, but like most good people he died young. Among the old time mem bers for the Bogan were' George Lord, a former Treasurer, aud snuffling Jook liobert sod9 whose brother-in- Jaw, old 13, O. Itodd, died recently at Five Dock in, I *tn told, his 00;h year. When George Lord represented the ? Bogan his constituent* were ohiefiy jumbuoks. 