RITUALISM AND OHURCH BELLS IN THE ANGLICAN CHURCH. ' It is interesting to note the eddies of Ritualism that since Reformation times have in various ways, and from time to time, brought the Anglican church into rites very similar to those of her Soman sister. .. The first occa sion was the Laudean,: which termi nated' with the summoning of-the Long Parliament, and practically disappeared for the rest of the cen tury. But early in. the eighteenth century it was roviveO, at least in connection with church. bells, as we find from an interesting and compre hensive book on "Bells," by the'Rev. W. Tyack,!author of " The Cross in Ritual,"-" Architecture in Art, His toric Dress of the Clergy," etc.: In his preface he " remarks - " Bells are of interest" to almost ? every one. Their voices to some tell only of daily duty, of the return of the hours of toil, or-the. ceaseless flight of time. To others they speak of devotion, and are as the .voice of a mother calling, us to ? her .knee for prayer. To others they are means of healthy exeroise, and instruments of lieart-stirring music. 'Over and above, are increasing numbers who take an interest also in the bells, themselves. To these the belfry has a story to tell, now full of, the resources of the art, now of the glamor of romance, now of the struggles of the faith. Recent yea'rs have seen not a few books thereon, somo dealing . exhaustively with certain districts, others touching lightly a wider field. How far he has succeeded m doing1 this in a popular way, others must of course determine; but the kindly manner in which the public has acceptod some : previous attempts of a somewhat similar kind bids him hope, for - a generous recep tion." This he may well expect, for the book is full of historic interest, and from ' its pages we select the following information ANGLICAN BELL RITCTATJSM IN 1700. Chauncy, writing in 1700 of the parish church of Baldock," in .Herts, mentions that its six' bells (there are now eight)' had been duly blessed with the full' pre-Reformation cere monies, which he,goes on.to describe as follows : The bell itself was placed at the tower end of the churchy hanging up on two gudgeons, covered with rich velvet of a violet color. Pillars and walls of the church were curiously adorned with sheets of silk and pictures, an altar was erected near the bell, very neatly set forth,_a white satin robe was laid on it, in order to cow it when baptised; and a great fair garland of choice flowers stood by it, to be placed on it. There was also a Soman ritual, a censer, t? ves80l of holy water. The Bishop sang the first Psalm, whioh was continued by the music, and when all the Psalms were ended he blessed the holy water that it might afterwards sanctify the 'bell. This benediction was very long, but when it was finished tho Bishop and priest dipped sponges in it, . with which they rubbed the bell within and without, repeating in the meanwhile divers prayers full of heavenly blessings, to purify, sanctify, and consecrate the bell. The bell being thus washed, they dried it with clean napkins, and the Bishop, taking the vial of holy oil, be anointed the crock of metal -fixed in the crown of the bell in order to make the devil flee at the sound of it. Then he made seven other crosses with the oil on the inside of the bell. The next portion-the Bishop then, proceeded to ask whether the founder was paid and satisfied. They an swored yes. Later he desired what name they desired to have put on the bell. The name being given, the Bishop took two great silk ribbons which had been fastened to the ' gud geons, and gave each of them, one in their hands, and pronounced with a loud clear voice the words of conse cration j '' Let. this sign be ? consecra ted in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Amen." Then turning again to the people he said, " The name of this "bell is Mary." After that he took the censer and censed it around about in the outside, then put the censer under the boll full of sacred fumes, repeating all the time prayers and invocations. The dedication of the new bells at St. Paul's in November, 1879, is thus described At the .conclusion . of Evensong a procession was formed, consisting of the choir, the cathedral clergy and the bishop. It made its way by the geometrical staircase to tho singing chamber.' Here several Psalms were sung, .commencing with " De Profundis " and concluding with "Laudato Dominum," after. which followed a number of versicles and responses. - The, Bishop then said several special collects ; the first prayer that the bells might be blessed to the spiritual well-being of the people; the'next recalling the silver trumpets made by Divine command for summoning the assemblies of the Israelites, asked that those who heard the bells might joyfully obey the call to meet together in God's holy church. Other collects were supplications, on behalf of those who might hear. After the singing of an appropriate hymn, the collect for St. Paul's Day was said, and the blessing given by the bishop, who,, after a short pause, gave the word to tho ringers to sound the bells. The ringing of a short peal completed the simple but impressive ceremony. 