By Mrs. Baeb. CHAPTER VI. A REACTION. " She keeps so still that I feel bad about her," said Landlord White to his wife the next morn ing after Amy had been imprisoned in the shed. "Just go and take a peep at her to see that she isn't al together dead." " 01), you big baby ! I believe you're afraid that she is. dead," an swered the woman. "But to please you I'll peep in on her." How busy Dave was just then, cramming down his food as if he never expected to see another break fast, not daring to look up lest his face should betray him. '• Why. the door is unlocked, and the girl gone !" said the woman, in surprise. " Gone ?" cried Dave and the landlord in a breath, springing to their feet at the same time, and rushing to the shed. S'~" Yes, she's gone," repeated Mrs. White, a look of baffled rage corning over her face," and some one helped her, too. Was it you?" she asked, turning sharply on the boy. " Me ? Mother White, who do you take me for 1 After your warning last night, it is hardly likely that I would interfere again. Besides, you locked the door, and I hain't no keys of yours, have I ?" " Not that I know of," she re plied, in a softer tone, completely deceived by his manner and look of innocence. " 1 guess that the spirits, which the people are talking so much about, helped her to get away," he said, after a few moments of anxi ous deliberation. " Get out of this, you young ras cal, with your stories of hobgoblins and spirits. Who says there are ghosts in this house ?" asked the woman, every nerve in her body shaking with superstitious dread. A new idea flashed into Dave's brain. " I say so. I see a ghost every night walking in the long passage near your room, moaning and wringing her hands. I have stood and watched her, and I know it is Amy's mother, for she keeps talking about her child." The boy did not stop to considei1 that ghosts are not usually invested . with colloquial powers, at least not' since the days of Hamlet, and his ] listeners took no note of it, for they j "stood, with distended eyes, drink ing in every word, as the boy en larged on the appearance of the un earthly apparition, with the tradi tional white gown floating about her. " And if the girl should be dead —drowned herself, for instance not a soul in this house '11 be able to sleep for the moaning " But Dave didn't finish the sen tence, for his mistress made a plunge at him, which he dextrously avoided, and fled from the kitchen, taking /refuge in the stab!" and gave ex pression to some of the boisterous mirth that was convulsing him with laughter. Two hours after the lad re-entered the inn, bearing in his hand a soaked shoe, such as Amy had worn the evening before, and held it up to the mistress. " It is hers, and I found it swim min' on the meadow spring. The water looked so black and mad-like that I almost turned sick." The conviction seemed to come on her by degrees that she had driven the girl to commit suicide, but when it settled itself into truth, every vestige of colour left her face, and she fled from the room. Upstairs her husband found her, and at once suggested that the spring be dragged for the body. "No, no," she cried, in alarm. " Would you have me known as the one who drove her to it? Just you say a word about it, and I'll make • The Seven Stars' too warm to hold you." " But Dave will tell it if I don't," persisted the man. " Leave that to me," she replied, ■' If he breathes a whisper to any one, he'll not get the chance te drown; himself." So it was arranged that the body should remain where it was for the time. Word was sent to Jones' that Amy had run away" from the hotel, and totally indifferent to her fate, they mado no inquiries about her. The days floated by, the days ran into weeks, a month had passed, and secure in the fearful silence that shrouded the terrible tragedy, the inmates of the tavern settled down to the old life. To be sure, the woman often started guiltily, and turned white at every unwonted sound. How ever, this fear was growing less, and some of the old asperity was com ing back to her face, when, stand ing in the door-way one morning, she saw a sight that in ado her heart cease beating for a moment. At one glance she recognised the visitors, and rushed up to her room as the couple drew their horses up at the door. Peeping through the blinds to find out if they had really stopped, alio saw tub yeuUoiiiiiu iiiu tilt) ani from the saddle, and she exclaimed : " It is her! It is Edith Mere dith V 