TiiEcuitsE ? Bv ITemebt C. MicrLWAiNE, in Chaviberjt f Journal. j CHAETE&: - ,u l The November rains were late, an® the earth waVtoowIhg/WTKkrd ribi Jong the creek-frontages of . the .tiny? Crannoch cattle-ran that-, lira, with; lttf gj j huodrea xdubs . or souiiq v&ivib; country, enuglypacka aWl the headwaters «E 0fieTrtS:j TtivS? Donald M'Cnnn, hard-bitten pioneer of the older "dayaj now .man of substance had been ji lted ; this many a year to bee Ms- Manor/ by = mid-November knee-deep' ;ip. lush pasture and glowing. with. Jrs bopnda; ries like an emerald. -Cratinoch was far enough to the west of -Queensland to grow pasture of the, ..fattening . qualities of Mitchell grass, or of maize Itself for the .matter of, toat. and y?t near enough to- the 6ea 4o -f»'-aVed as a general thing from the fall horrors of drought. Added to this, the craggy hills that flanked its eastern end served the old squatter as guardian angels. They were his migbty ain- gatherere, for when, in the spring, the thnnderiog cloud-battalions were marshalled in from toe westward, and in late summer when the , ocean 6ent its yearly message of mercy fiem the east, then always the igttiy Old hills that sentinelled Cra.nnoch would demand their toll, aucl get in the shape of rain for the old Scotsman's rnn. 'As green as the paddocks of Crannoch ' came to be a 'JottalsaW— for once a true one. Donald M'Cunn, ' however, not altogether singular among : his race perhaps, was more of - an expert in matters theological than meteorologi cal j and he gave thanks for Heaven's largess after his own bent. He was: given to quoting, with a species of aggressive humility peculiarly his own, selected Bible tests by way 'of demon strating to less favoured squatters on suitable occasions that their drought- bitten paddocks and his green ones were manifestly the handiwork of that special Providence that makes a note of the sternly pure of -.heart in this wicked world, auddispenaea its mercies accordingly. Thus,amongst his easy go ing neighbours, M'Cunn-— dour, sto :d- faat, solvent, and sanctimonious — was hardly looked uponin the Ijght of a boon-companion, . . £-1 -..'V. z . ; And now Providence . appeared to have broken faith with toe master Crannoch, and, unmindful of the past, had turned a hard reproving eye upon it. There was none hf your J ob-like humility about M'Cunn. How should there be about a man whose father in the good old Hays had rummaged the Scriptures from end to mid .-forxon- genial gniding principles' in the shape of flinty aBy fiery texts that, should bite tarn and turn about with their own stout claymores, the hearteyand heads of unbelieving .enemies t , „ .. . - No : Donald.MCunn sat by his bora table of cyprees-pine' in righteous bitterness against the world, and the elements that encompassed it, and was firmly persuaded that both and all had betrayed him. The open door at his back, that framed a patch of desolation, made np of burning sand.ridge ami naked glistering rivet-gums, and the doorway in front of him. that led to the kitchen across the footworn gangway, both gaped like thirsty months in the thrice-parched, blistering air, and not the faintest flatter of . p draught stirred between them." Now and then a high-hung sulky cloud, more like a wreath of smoke than of water-horn moisture, would drift across the sun, and, as it passed, the iron on toe roof woald creep and shndder -in . - the; lowered temperature as if a flight of unholy things— drought demons,maybe —were scampering across the metal , with set claws ; then the -dond would , pass and the demonB would make a return- chatge. These mocking Bigoa bad trailed across the blazing heavens in weird procession throughout the last month, and jet rk'in seemed- farther off than ever. M'Cnnn's elbows were firmly planted, upon the table, and he held two tanned and knotted fists planted against his v high cheek-bones; the sweat welled ont from him, filling the sharp farrows that patterned his forehead; rayed toe corners of stone g»y "u drew two deep, hard lines of obstinacy, at either end of the afcralght-drMra, thin-lipped month; - A. fringe. Pt grizzled beard and a hood of erect and defiant hair framed the whole stern face. A well-thumbed BitneTraS at hii right elbow ; beneath hw eyes- lay a map of Crannoch . and its surroundings ; a crumpjed :.copy qf the local newspaper was -on his lett Donald M'Cunn was in A .hlack :and bitter mood. A drop .« jS&Nfi;# fell with a Aisfihct smack stubbly beardapon lighted on the central block of - the station that rasghboutod Grenod the east Ho offending moisture with 5 ,wg'«W finger over auplehfhnnaiwlliieaf; country, and bioke his rilencf, stanog ont vindicttwly , cuw.-4hh Yto?migbfc have fea-r-riog, sober, man 'ud thole in wring his his life and bis of nomiahment, Hannah!; - , , . - A girl who lay in acantafrwd the squatter, a womm. w;. as to face, ooaj, and yet homely Jines---»iyeA from a hook somewhat iodi&renpj; AeriWtBe back, eteetchihgv®"!" She knit head and leaned Jt without answering " ? "T1?. The eqnat he kept eanshine wlthfcT Hannah 1 obsairved of latq troubles ore <g growing was an increaring though a anoer were humour. — D»b contralto- as if a'nnnotg»gSata8g! up for, diseuseion Ti,e iraip'll fa'her. for sure. ,.f And pi ist'Vi too f rerh toohblel r ";"ThkiAin— -tech lAudloVapropbit haBcome forth.'' Hesppke Bcridiy.tocn banged the crumpled newspaper uoi-ily with hie open hand, And look how ye prove :i my vwbnJe tb vm«.i : JScv ye -foi got'en-BtJ-soon -what I -read -to ve -out of here a. shorrt bpur,ago I le ihetp nOt trobble full' oje&eu; re to that ! ; - t 1 Eh ! ' shewnswered, - still placidly ; :'toat' a iSsoceir ,o Jhat r poor, ; Mr, Baynton is coming to work hfuugi t Is it trqubled jQa ere,- father; . that . your neighbours are coming by their cwn againl' . . .. i - Mungi was the neigbbpnring run on toe p'au of whTiS'ithe eqaatter's sweat- Hrop had fallen, giving ;wdrde to his wratb. . 'Their own, their -own like shouted, BtiU not'turoing.-sndi'hB toook hie fist at the b)in®qg eu n 1 ight outride ; < theirB — that;'shqu1d bp. jnine ! Have I not told yonVri;' for yeSr toat; morally and spesritnaUyr before, the torrd, I was robbed w toat jbldck - o' Ian' ! ' And thy dry pssyon of earthdihnger — .toe bloodless JuEws tob cmring for gold or drink —SMwle jiheneath hiB; bushy eyebrows a9 he ptoc. r .. " . The gprl. Still Toeing her head against t heiuterwoven GngsVe, looked :wito a broad , ty, not .unmixed with 'something of large Scornfolineee in hey big gray eyes, at her father's moist Shirt and erect tbatchof grizzled hair and said nothing. ' ;-»'Ay? -"he went on; with ''gathering blttsrnesB, ' the land thai . I wanted to complete the Crannoch rnn was taken up by stealth ; "it was lib the worrk of a thief in the dead of night. And diduatoe Lorrd send the eeal of Hia disapproval on the heme of Mungi there from the day of its building f Didna the' plenro ravage his cattle ; and from the day Ms wife died in childbirth' — the cinV" chair .creaked es the girl moved uneasily in it, bnt the old man went on relentlessly — 'from that day. .was "there an bout's happiness for -Baynton when-the- drink laid hold of him till they found him lying across his own doorstep with his ' — 'Father!' She bad risen and Was standing behind him with a long, sunburnt arm on each of bisshouldere. He went on without heediog her. ' E-c-c-h, since yoa time two-an-twenty year syne, that I hurried to" "the iiand Office in Brisbane. apd found be bad been before me, and taken' . up the Mungi, nod since I stood aud-— No, tia ' he raised a shaking, hand— 'T didna enrrse him ; bnt I called on Had to gi'e the both of just measure according to our deeairts -before Him. ; I : did that. - And he jndged betwerii UB;«nnd sent a blight npoo that bonsr, so that not oqe stone'— He' broke off with a dry chuckle, remembering, apparently, that the scriplntal .imagery hardly, .applied . to a honse built of woodoti Blabs. His langh was the laugh uf a man who has vengeance and is at work to cheat him self into the belief Ihatgie taste of it is sweet and not like Ashes in the month. The girl's hands Tied fallen to her 'side. Father,?. - too said, as if unwittingly, 1 1 — where is the humility tbat you urge npon other folk. ' Homeelity ! he roared ; but etill he did not turn Id face her. ' You dare to, you ' — and be closed Ms teeth with a snap. Homeelity, ' : he expounded, with a kind bf savage mildness, is for them that feel toe -weight of the Lorrd's hand upon ihem. ' -But to (hem that .sairve Qim all their days it is permit ted to rejoice when they perceive that it is His pleasure' to humble their enemies in the dost before them.' Apparently the htnhoroas aspect of this jumbling; together .. of greed with creed - on -the. part of the old man was not entirely lost upon the girl, for the wryneBB that it brought to -her fase was tempered by a patient smile. Again she remained silent. \- M'Cunn began to fold up his map violently, Waxing the bitterer for want bf open opposition. " ' Mind me, Hannah, there's -" blight " upon ! that- house— the enrrse that goes wi' ill- got ten gqods. It killed the wife and child, and blasted the berrd, and drave Baynton tb shed hie ain blood upon his ain doorstep. An' lay this, to your heart — he sqaerzed a knotted fist on the folded map— ' whosoever com'tB to Mongi, they're ' etrangere to us, an, us to them, far the wrath of Almighty God is upon them, and we dinna want tbe ranker to spread among us here.' This .Mnaanb . - 'nwmwtl.Illb ftf . fKa. economic aspect of -Spiritual matters again imade Hannah mix tolerance with her frown. Y-ou hear J JfUunb said fiercely, eniung- round - in hie seat at last; and facing-'her she stood bato from and above him, with her arms folded be- neatfa /jtoo <fmmded softness of her breast... ; .. - > ;v- : , >> .. Under her steady bibk' the father wffiSl<>aaiy ; it" wis easy toAee now why he had chrotol hia'KBpulse to turn upon her befotW iDctomd - ICCaho in' his soul f tared toe daughter that stood «bogB leaving it merely futile ; and though he sought with extra veh|ipqn to enfojee Ins command by -vpea'tog it ' itotoy: times and rapping noisflypn the table <arito" "file - great knuckle -one rwnld see , b«t <Se V Wlto tall girl as to whether rfie hBed6d him or not. i She eaM ateadilr : I hear you, father iI heatyon Iieed jon to the ; letter'-PU %|usBd.4«- ..tolive bb heath your tooV- ' ; ; 1 - 'He hnghtenh|p»linfayi Mtt he were a grateful Suppliant insteai of/; the heototoPSibh,'' moiieiit Eh, toere now/ hei«qMd' t® jgeodi ' -« While '? i Ay, ay, he; paid blankly j he fingered a&MatJifiiia;£ jtori,dook-: fng np fortarelyi and rit was plain to tended in n compromise jhb wtodrew Mehhe youail|8aB Hannto! heeild. „ '. "v '„ daric wilh a rare fir ' of al stractinb, watched 'toe 6 bnf, and eat look-! ing long At the euipty doorway ; bis Straight lips fell apartj and lhe gravto- lines aboh t Ms mouth took on n kim:- , lier lock, as thougb the spring that braced bis jaws together had been suddenly, eased./ But.: he so-;n name'to himself with a start, ed bHooks,'jibot hjsanooto as,if -the spring hid been re- etored to ite 'office, And-ebowled hbont bim,ut'ering a deep,ioog-diawn 1 Em — h— ml' then rose to : his feet and made to - kurryc from the ioduv,. But he stopped before Ihe cane chair, Where tbe cushion still abowpd .tbe faint mould of Hannah's body, and where her book' wsuBJlyibg iopen .face -down wards., He. stooped to peer suspici- onsly ' at the title, and, looking up to tbe iron ' roof and shaking both bands above hie head like a prophet of woe, he repeated it ioa bal.f-whisper : ' Their F(Uher"t Sins' ' ;F >: '--r iff:- " I CHAPTER II. I'll be home by dark. Daddymy.' It was' seldom the old pet-name that as A baby aba bad given her father rose tb Hannah's lips; bnt when it did she: spokeitlike all her words, Anstndiedly. M'Cunn watched ber as ehe tmched tbs. horse with her heel and omb'td away from the veranda, she and her beloved grey, from ."her broad forehead to his dainty hoofs a siogle-mindcd pair in wholesome littleness. The old squatter rubbed. his . grizzled mat of. hair and uttered ' s "wbrd of -'meaning; wherein, however, a grudging pride was upper most, in -a siugle ' Hech ! ' as the girl disappeared amongst the low sandal woods, leaving a trail of saffron-coloured dust behind ber. "She rode, 'with her saddle, a round ten stone and a Lalf, and stood in her atock'nged feet clear five feet seven of ripe, Bweet breathing womanhood. Hannah was the pride and the de- epair of the district— too pride, because she was born a horsewoman and bred a pattern housewife, : and because tbe look of her face and the sound -of her voice were like shade and cool streams In a thirst- ridden land ; the despair, becauso she seemed to those who songht her love as . unapproachable cs IE they had ..hoped,- by JreSching oat a hand, to touch ' the horizon. And yet it was not that ehe .'was rasote fruin the common things ; fair every one that knew her claimed her a3 a comrade, and, utterly regardless of ≥:/or sex, she flew to those in troub'e. She never retaliated npon a slight, for none was ever offered to her ; her silen was a reproach, and tbe look in her eyoa a reproof tbat killed dipcourtesy before ita utterance ; fit eight -ot her the meaner passions slunk away and bid themselves. She was of the woman who stand in moral stature shoulder-high above the walls of caste : the bnrden of woman's purity, that is-so hot and heavy a load sometimes, is carried by such as Hannah M'Cunn sb lightly as the warm health in their, limbs and the crown of hair npon their heads. The euo cast a' lengthening' shadow before her tbat stretched and shrank grotesqnaly on the duety track as the grey went at a free canter to ths east- . ward. Tbe warm air einging in her ears, toe free movement, acd the wide earth about her conspired together to set her in tune with her conditions, aud to redace the memory of her father's bitterness to tbe dimensions of the lesser things that must hg borne, and might he cared, with patience. | Before toe grey bad put a mile of ; road between her and the Crannoch ' homestead Hannah was sioging to her- 1 self in large, sweet chest-tones an im- ( prompts melody set to the rhythm ! of tho horse's boof-bsats. It was her 'way— unknown to any one, since she herself was unaware of it, and only Sang to solitude — to set to music in her throat the things nnutterable on her tongas. Speech was denied her on any? bnt tangible things; though a -wander ing rna'o of. letters who bad drifted through Crannoch once vowed - there was more pottry, "TMess-vsree, uTber remarks about a batch of yeast-bread or the milkers' calves than lay bound in books ' beneath the' 'roof of the British Mueenm. This man was very sick,! however,and in search of peace from the congb that racked him day and night. He found his peace soon after, on a western cattle-run, beheath.six feet of black soil. These mellow improvisa tions of Hannah's 'fitted, as air-fits the hndv. tfie Sometbincr finer than a : thought toat was in ber Taa she sang them. It was her way. to breaths them: ont at add moments : it might be of a -winter's nightwhentoewoefnleryof a wild dog toss into toeuufatoOmibla stillness ; of when from toe milking- yard of a morning she watched toe last of the stars fade into the blue; and the highest tree-top kindlo into tawny gold. a9 it spied the suu ; or maybe in the splendour of the evening, " when she was ' atone -io the house; fsjtoeAhaded -lief Jeyfis' wlih a hand aiffiToeked along the track that came winding ont of the -east, up from toesea.f'Whqraemsp, Thus she rode now, suiting the idle notions that-rose In hw now and again to her-tnaemleedAdi noes. She was in the mfddie of a dirge-like strain of Jaiproitof Bauttght-sMctei #Mto; Abottl rir,i!bd«fy futhfi'wmng hards ' upon it, when the track she rode npon rounded ont of a clump of timber, lets, gfipingji 1 oBt-lodkiiigihbmoslead Tf Mungi lay before her. She drew reio i'mtpeSihifnrdg ; the grey stood qp dead still and fnade s shndder Ing eound in -his iforilEl. 'iGbifi'j a blight upon i t»i isceAtM woroatot berfatherroaetxi.herq4«i|Mjotei- ly fear knocked at toera&ait;,, !>r surely tbe place idoxeu nleak .and fitfieksn, with its fts bouse-door s'sggiog en parted hinges, its hSfic&Irf- fiMlLndlts;'iihltoSrindow- ppenings. .staring, likedead eyes ont of 'toe- bleached "-// . > . m w jwiai toe lidly ground of Mungk But the, .yf«'nbf >>toe -.giri As -slie sat, "the lozer -half. <f ib. open doo rway was bidden -from tier by a bush ; and, driven by <o«e impoto of edriom dread, she worked the on- willing boree ahug the on side of .tin? brokenTuiee. . ' _ Ti.e grey plunged and tore 6( rcely at the bit ; end, as the impeding buBb slid, away, he flung bi-iiaelf round io deGance of Hanenii's . strung hands npon the hridlr, and stood, facing from the house, shaking in every nerve, and with the sweat oozing out and staining bis whits shoulder. For one. moment Hannah' was helplcsB,end her heart stood still in her body ; Tor, as toe torse bad swuug about she had reen from the corner of.au eye that the doorway was not emp'y ; there was Something on thB threshold ; and at that instant, too,' ton sound of. a voice' had reached her. .ears ; it came from among the deserted walls. \- The cry was repeated, and the horse made.to boltfrom it ; bat Hannah held him - now, foir at ' toe repirition of the pound toerwoman in bor bad risen op, stronger than fear, to auswer it. It was the vbtca of a creature in distress. She jompe'd to the ground, pulled . thB home about, -aud hitched the bridlo over a poet 'in toe fence. : She knew her grey from foalhood," and was aware that, though twenty thousand red-hot steam rollers should thuoder past him, he was too much of s gentleman to ran back and breakhis bridle. Then she rubbed his nose- for his comfort and ber own, stepped through a gap in the fence, and' went steadily up to the houBe. ' The bod; of a man was on the' threshold of Mungi, and ones — just once — the girl's knees gave beneath her, when, si she drew nearer, ehe saw about the throat streaks abd splctches of crimson. The body lay with the head inside tbe door ; one leg was stretched out and the other - updrawn. It was tbos, she knew. that twenty yesra ago poor Bayuton's" corpse .had been found ; it was just Boch a Tbing-as this, lying just there and -jest so, that on many a night in her childhood and since had made horror in her dreams. Nevertheless big-besrted Hannah, though for an instant toe tree-top3 swam before her, went on nufalteringly. It was the body of a young man who was quietly slcepiug io tbe -doorway of Muugi. Tho red about his neck was owing to the colour that was stamped opon an enormous cotton handker chief that l«y loosely across Me throat. Hannah lifted it gently ; and, letting it hang from her fingers, she looked down at the unconscious .figure, that half- covered, as it lay, a faint, black, ragged stain npon toe boards beneath it. It was believed in this neighbour hood, with toe devoutness of credulity that !b lavished only upon the - things that are not, that on certain nights between moonrise and morning the uneasy spirit of Baynton was to be seen drawing water from the creek and toiling in a cold, ineffectual fury to wipe out that dim .stain. . Hannah .remembered at once the rest'ess ghost and the wail ing cry that bad -come to her from this deeper on tbe bloodstained 'floor, qnd reached, out trending fingers - to awake him. As she stooped too sleeper's head ! rolled, and again that curious sound came from between his "lips. Htaring it thus at close quarters, tho girl with drew her hand, and sitting down very softly beside tbe -sleeping mac, die devoted herself to keeping off the flies from bis arms and face, with the gigantic cotton handkerchief, while now and then drop, noiseless laughter welled ; up in her throat. It was a long-drawn 'Damn ! ' with a falling, mild inflection to it -which entirely robbBd it of all offenriveness to the girl's ears, that -had been ottered by 1 the sleeper, And bad moved Hannah to sit-down beside him with her feats for the hideous disturbance of his slumbers suddenly withdrawn. He waS clean-shaven aud short- haired, and bis long, lean shapely body and limbs were hidden in a bulgy, unwrinkled broad-checkBd flannel shirt, and milk-white moleskin trousers fresh from -the -store. -The -clothing,, in its extravagant newness, proclaimed alond to Hannah precisely, what it was pat on to bide. She knew this for a city-bred | Englishman who had s-imehow broken down hopelessly in his first' aew-cham endeavour to paBS himself o to himself, as the tried bush-hand ; aod it seemed possible that, from! toe-', borders of dreamland, he was tailing is a gentle manly way at somehniniliation tbat had befallen him. The ispasma of laughter, in Hannah's ' throat idled down, giving- place .tea slower, deeper movement as her eyes tmoiierld over the stranger's face qnd beck, so .very crimson . where, toe son' had touched "them, so Ifine Ahd' fresb- iooklog elsewhere, . and over his > sinewy, - long-fingerCd bands that lay :at his side with . thfiir soft' palms uppermost, and showing a big blister where, the bridle had chafed toe left forefinger.' . Having chased , away "the flies, shefiauk her chin in toe palm of her hand that' held the strauguVhandkerchief; and ..with closed lips . broke', roftiy into a new apd 'huprtedi&tedJ;€nrl$dy afi ' she /looked Acrofis'toe tSeseriid jadilatoi- -j- Sbe> Htf rued" to efhrel ''-presently, lW that cheek And temple /.were supported iq herhaqdj tOvfitad -.the stranger,' who , hro not/fnoyed, obHog dreamily xt ber tace.'.. She returaed hls -iook without moving; during A-|)anse tlmt seemed' to hfer npt .measareble hy Mme.! ' s .j. . r- r Please good,' he said/ ' chsstipoip, - and; .soothingly, in toe manrr of a/nnrse .J to/ a -natient. . 'Hdma"!'!. - .'-J f( 'Ifoi nOi Db j gaonringidg.' '" ' Hut A want singing. .. , . / Ob; I Aa';T-Vjnay.; look ' like a bttnan.'—E'qtomoanislibt— -bntrlfyW'af'tiumimxsortof potpourri --.tThnate .toe .vyord— . of ' anmiTtonminBjm'e'.yda'dmow, mto adMhUfaoppihat hisdysstsiret torown .ha— may I — qiay l hover Aril toedHEetoDrebetcreto'm«jnr?iuffi:iiMnbr' -toy.;.pqre? -.!//; £ y; £/'- ilPfpSfSi foreigh tringnes.'ABd a hint of c i; kery rocipca ; ' ' / ' ;r- ./;> He drew - in hiB straightened leg, wincing shd groBning alightly ashe did so, ani sat.up clusp'ng his sHmdugrra About his IreeeB,'ahd bringing his long, nerrons, sun- branded face withinx fott of herhwm- 'Well,' he said deferen tially tint. firmly, .1.1. jfs dnsi to know a little amnt! these toisss 1 apd -when I git m'yipieiho in here'— he - polled his head ciujrehentivtly backward to wards the long-fonsakm rooms, and Hannah pited. him Trom her soul — I hope you'll let. me Bhow that I do.' To big-hearted Hannah that clinched toe matter. This poor soul needed her care ; and where that was needed .she gave of it, putting away all thought of other things, fuli measure. 'Indeed I - will that, - when" toe piano comes, she said ; and with a deft movement she put her hands about his seek and Knotted toe wonderful '-"'handkerchief round his throat. . , \- The young map looked down amazed at the long, coo! hands at his neok, and as the girl's breath at toe sairo time spread fresh and warm oyer his face, his own heads rose a p as if to . jay hold of hers. Before he had touched them, however, be looked into her eyes, and as he did so his .fingers quietly settled themselves out again on the Boor behind him, supporting him where he sat. Hannah gently pressed toe knotted handkerchief into Its place a this throat, and folding toer fingers in her lap, proceeded to take pitying charge of him. : ' Tell me,' toe said, where do yen come from!!' . 1 Dondoor,' he answered, his voice flat with wonder. : She was sore now that his wits were eon-m addled. - 'Dear, dear,' "toe said, with an all enfoldiog sympathy in ber a yetj'from ten miles away. Inok there. And where'a your Bwag 1 ' .'My!'— You're new come oat, I caa see ; and you're ..on the wallaby, I expect. Where have yon left your dram !'-iliat is, swag ; roll of blanket). ... He throttled a shout of delighted langhter, and answered with deep solemnity : ' It is my first .season ; you are quite right there. Bat Vtn not- after big game. As for the drum, I never rose above fiddle and piano in the executive branches of the art. gh« sounded a melodious 'Ahl' above her bewilderment at his wander ings. But she persevered. 'Come,' she said, with a shade of premptorlness, ' look at the loug shadowa uf the timber ; it's near suodown ; I hear, toe jackasses. Where are your blankets ! ' She tried to gather her steady eyebrows into a frown. I have none,' hs Baid abjectedly. ' As for (hs donkey ' — Maybe they're nearer than you think,' she out in, now firmly set in her benevolent despotism. And your tucker, and billy, and things ! ' ' For such essentials 1 have to rely < for tbe present npon financially invoking toe. hospitality -of Duomoor; caravan saries.' And "where do you expect to camp to-night ! ' 'The words ' My rest a — log' oc curred to me with peculiar force.' Nay.'. She put an arm round Mb neck and patted him softly between tiie shoulders. He looked suddenly frail and tired, she thought, and her eyes dimned in response to a dewiness in hie. She caught one of his hands and stood up. ' Listen to me,' ehe srid firmly, aud shook toe hand with a tender decisiveness. For ever and over, if you like,' he said dreamily, leaning his hand con tentedly against toe doorpost. : 1 Do you remember how you left Ddndoor!' ' Ob, perfectly Half the town turned out to see me off— I don't know why, unless It was that I tried to get op on the 'right-band aide of the horse, and failed signally.1 The horse t ' Yes. A tbiog the colour of weak "treacle, the bally brbte ! ' . ' A yellow bay, maybe,' she cor rected gently ; 'and bawley, not bally.' 'Oh 1' ' And where Is he now ! ' Well, judging from his pace during "the last eight I had of him — he looked upside down, by the way— I -should say he's about. fifty, miles off, unless, some body's stopped him.' Fifty m Upside down!' she said siowiy. _0f course that's only a rough statemeut. And T was "standing on my head at the time, you see,' -' 'He slang you! Where I ' : 'Slang ! Ob, ay. Here at tbe back door. Yea , He seemed to smell something queer about this place; aud I got out along his neck— it was rash of me, I admit — to see what it was; and to reason -with him, if possile, when he — well, he seemed to dissolve from Beneath me in toe manner of an earthquake, and I— To ba qoite flank, aftor tbat inverted impressionof him,! don't seem to remember mnch .till — till you came.' ' She had . knelt down, beside Mm. ' Drar, d-e-a-r,' ehe murarared again,»od laid a hand on 'Ms knee. 'Now, why '.didn't you tell me that at first! ! Are you hart,poQr lad! ! .. . -- ' I— a— didn't seem to want to' hurry toe'interview. ' And Fmtiot hort, only stiffi rmsore; yes, quite. certain.' He dwelt npon the last, words, stroking Ms kueo for emphasis. - ' Well, we'll see,' toe aaid, taking final-charge of toe situation. ' 'Dundoor'a 1 ten, and /my home's ''only' five; qiiles. Vnn'iw iviminD with mp' . .. Hi« readiness forsook . him, and he stammered 1 something ; inhudible, ;t0 iriiito Ke piaid bb heed. . ; r- ; . . . 'IW Jikely enough,' toeanid,gottibg np and fixing -mthsrhrt and hair for the journ,' tost ybm' 0 in umilooiv bamei': " . : ; ; He . looked elaborate!; puzzled.: Possible I have Hs gazed profoundly -bp 'atb|ti;toetfbhtBimfc Tjo binuirelW-Jdto'?! !, !.' She was coiling np a long,lotoe strand foftuair timVhadbetemeflalf-nhfaataned yun'd ' beard it. That's vrry uesr It's Hannah 'To be sure; its Hanuafa.' - 'Now, Hannah— what ! ' . ' Hannah — Han-n.ah'— — ' Hannah -M. — M' 'Of couree, Hannah M'-Joy." 'No.' .... 'Hannah M'P-eaee,' 'Hannah MLo He ooDghed; ' Hannad M'Sam.' Or the next thing — Hannah M Onnn. . Yon cunldn't be long in Dun- door'' withnnt hearing of Donald M'Cunn of Crannech. -Now, we're ready. Coins along.' She ' held ont her hand to help him to rise. He appeared to be smitten with a sadden" weariness end pain, and neg lecting the hand, he dragged himself to his' feet by clinging to the doorpost, groaning a little. Tbe poor - body,' she moaned. ' Are yon toat eore 1 Here ; and she passed a strong, soft . arm aboot him. ' Ob, I can bear toe" weight of yon,' as he leant away from ber and hobbled 'to wards the veranda-edge. 'l am only stiff from lying down. I was — ahl— thinking that perhaps your — your ' ' My what t ' 'The — owner of " Craonock — might be surprised if I came — uninvited ' . \- ' la it my father ! Donald M'Cunn! and stalwart Hannah braced her arm against the weight that suddenly de scended upon it. 'Ah 1 you'll have heard he's a hard mao, maybe. He's no' tbat hard. And if he's toe master ot Crannoch, why, I'm— Fm Hannah M'Cunn.1 And jumping down herself, she fairly lifted tbe slim stranger off toe high veraodeh and set him on tbe ground beside her. The grey woks out of a dose and' nickered to hia mistress as she came elowly towards him, supporting tbe young man. ' You'll have to ride tide- saddle,' she srid, with the reins looped on the grey's neck, and holding the stirrup. ' Up with you. Fll lead him.' The stranger drew back alertly, con sidering how he had leant npon Hannah jnat now. 'Oh no, please. And leave you to walk !' Hannah bad already ber doubts as to what extent, if any, his intelligence was Impaired by the Ban ; bnt, as nurse asd doctor, she felt that ehe was still supreme. 'Come, she said, ' here beside me, and he went. 'Pntyonr hand on the mane, by mine, aod free the horsp. That's it. Lift your foot — no — nu'— she gave her deepbosomed laugh and showed ber magnificent teeth — tho other one. Now, on 'three' — jump ' And the injured man found himself in the saddle, clutching wildly at the horns. She settled him there, and led off toe obedient grey. The twilight had fallen euddealy about them, etill and warm, rattening the h&rehness; of the arid earth and tbe naked stiffness uf the trees. The young men looked amazedly round and btoind him as he was led away. The empty house Bsemsd awalloWea fry its over reaching woods, and ho fixed hia eyes on the girl's back u She swung vigor ously along the dim road, going level with the bor&e;'s head. CHAPTER HL Given, A' young man, mainly of yeo man stock, portionless, and bora by: some freak of a meddlesome Providence to a heritage merely of bodily sloth, commeicial incapacity,, and a spiritual fervour of ' restlessness that unite to gether to raise in him a curious longing called artistic ' ambition ; and let this vain activity pitch him head-foremost into a place called London, which he discovers is for htm, at the start of what hs fatuously calls hie career, a mere pandemonium and place of tor ture. Let him ripen there, Or rot, whichever it is, for many months in a sour fourth floor attic, tasting the bitterness of solitude at broad - noon amid the tumultuous throbbing of that inner chamber of the worlds heart known as Fleet Street, and finding that tbe same thoroughfare at half- past two on a November morning, when ths fog haB cbilltd the marrow in him, and there is only one policeman in sight, is thronged with brilliant, impaloahle, friendly, presences — Mb ideas. Then let him ran home, and Bit above blank sheets of paper, oblivions of meal-hours, till the dim twilight closes ronnd him. And let him. while, tone vaguely pursuing his folly, be told.one day by the doctor in a dim and vast consult ing-room, while the ponderous furaitnre seem to waltz solemnly ronnd and round him, that those whacz'nga in his chest, and other mutteringa of a re- - hellions economy, -If left unatilled by frcBh air and wholesome living, mean — the demtor forecasts tho conscqnences as gently as may be, bnt with unmistak able clearness. And lit toe young man go dizzily ont, and. home, pawing blindly for' " support at mirage-like houselronta and railings, and hunger ing -for the unattainable in the' form of sanlight dear of city smoke; and a house-free horizon, and sleep like death with a passion - of heart-hunger betide which the physical craving Of the cast away is mere "satiety. And let there upon this fickleProvidoace, through its chosen instruments .of death, a letter, a lawyer,' aud the rights of property, ones more take this man up by neck arid heels aod pitch him half-round toe" world, along, the . road of his detires. Given all that with Hannah MUnnu— ample in Ignorance, inute as toe stars concerning spiritual things, . with , toe dep thsinheruns iirri d — b y appointment of toe -same inscrutable - Agency, to W«ir nfcfurfla rldden Mnnei. at toe end of his joiriuey, arid slug Mm Into wiikefalnesa with the song of her pilence : and yon have, flung together from "tile amis of toe earth, the two pdes cffiniraadsr8tanding. You have tbehi, too, in a rotting most suitable for jjhe.Wrkihgdiut of .very tragedyof mis- oonebptioo; 1 putting forthiutoe dato, on - A doety fi ve-mile huah-traik, with a toutderei|auhtea nun t ono end bf lt, And Bcotehmati, nurting bis-Mtter 4mKh Agtitttttoe uhkimitger; At toe other,' , Donald M'Cunn OUbe moreSt at hiB tot pintiable. . It wa8; dqiij A late,: and toe doors .apd windows gaped as Lbefote rtoie night -wro tookicg bbt" and toefladto Air tiuillhd> MeiShgly-to ; on Ms lands ; the rage that burned in iiiin when he songht for spiritual com fort and for resignation ; fear, of toe big daughter that had stood before bins a little while ago like a thild, -accusing augil; his quenchless hatred of the possessor of God-forsaken Mnngi ; and the aching hunger that all the while was in hie care, listening for the eoucd of the hoof-beats of bis daughter's horse ; to.eto and the like uncomfort able mn-.lng had flogged the old squatter till he sat aud clutched his head, be cause r frar bad laid hold upon him of the things his bauds might) do aod the words his tongue might utter if he set them free. He beard tbe steady flupp-flnpp of a ' horse's feet in the powdery earth, and ran out, seeming not glad, somehow, that his daughter had come safe home again. Hannah, walking level' with the horse's shoulder, with her .hand upon bis neck, was leading, or being led by, . tbe grey, end dimly to he seen there- sat a man riding woman-fashion In the woman's saddle.- Ehe stopped the bores five -paces from the verandah, -where M'Cunn stood tilted cprionaly forward, with Mb enormons hands ' hanging loosely at his sidre. ' Who is this man !' he said ; and at ths sound of his voice Hannah went, not towards him, bnt nearer to the stranger. ' I — 1 forgot to ask his name— we — wo were talking of other 'things, father ; but he's a 8tranger, and ha'a hurt, and I brought Mm here for rest aod food.' There was a flattering in her voice that was new to Dcnald M'Cunn, and ae he heard it tbe evil things that had threatened Mm in the dark entered io- to full possession of him. ' Ah 1 ' he snarled ; then I'll ask tbe gentleman thst rideB a-borseback while my daughter walks to repair the omeer- s'.i n snd tell me what he's called.' 'Certiinly,' tbe stranger siidcildly and quietly. Fll answer the remark about tiding and walking when there are no ladies prrsent, Mr. M'Cunn. My name is Baynton.' . Hannah stood away a step from tbe . bores ; M'Cunn laid hold of a verandah-poet. with both hands on s level with his face. Tho man who called himself Bayntou looked from one to the other as if stupefied. Come away, Hannah ; come away,' M'Coon said in a dry half- whisper. And yon— yoo, Baynton, accurefi 1 of God, get away from before my face lest the . Lorrd meke me tbe instrument of His wrath towards yon. Tbe harsh song of the loensts filled np the pause that fell upon the three people, not one of ' whom could see in ths starlit, sweltering dim ness what was io the other's ftce. M'Cunn, with hie hands still clutcbiog the post, glared at his enemy. Al though, when it sounded alone, the continuous brasBy whirring of the locnBls seemed deafening, like the sustained clashing of cymbalo, yet. the cringing of the saddle as Baynton drew himself sharply np, and even the Sound of tbe girl's bands as they fell limp against ber skiits, struck out as clearly against the uneasy buzzing of tbe in sects as- chalk-marks on a blackboard. The kind . little grey horse champed sleepily on his bit end prepared to dnzs pending the removal of hie saddle. ' F.-ther,'said the girl; aehanied, the man's hurt and hungry. You'll- never refuse him.-. ' ' There's neither bite not bed beneath my roof for ths spoilers of my Un' and herrde.' M'Cunn'a aesiduoos study of certain portions of the. Scriptures, added to o native and cultured talent for an arc haic and orthodox style of abase of his enemies, rendered him, there could be question about it; a dangerous opponent In acrimonious debate. -Unfortunately for himself, tbongh, at thiB supreme moment, with everything in his favour —standing armed on his own battle ments, as it were, before a helpless rival, and with a twenty years' rage biting like ecalding acid on his toogoe — he was encountering, for the first time in his life, more than his match. The stranger rose joyously to the occasion. He took off his huge brand- new sombrero with a politnees which at that time and place had something tragic In it, and turning to Hannah, Bald very deferentially : ' May I aek yon to retire just a moment, Miss M'Cunn, while 1 settle a little matter of b'usinesB. with yonr father before I take my leavo ? . 'No, no, she ssid, sobuiog or tango ing, it was hard 1 1 cell »Mch ; then, coming suddenly close to him, she whispered qoickly up at him ! Do what you must, but Fll not leave you. Lad, I'm frightened for you, somehow,' Byanton nodded, and dropping his airy manner, he addressed himself clearly and cuttingly to the squatter : ' Donald M'Ouuo, I am yonr neighbour. I and mine never done yon no ill ; I'm hangry, tired, and sore, and I aak jou for your hospitality.' And I;' said the old man, with anzry hardness, rsefuse it to yoq and yours for evermore, aod I hid you jget cut of my sight. Ay, and that quickly, he added ferociously, waving his arm in the direction of Mungi. 'Fm going,' said the stranger coolly, presently. Bat" I warn yon, M'Cunn, ' he arid sternly, ' that if yon send me away bnngry, the blight that yon — you, do you hear!'— be painted a long finger at the old man's chest—' brought down nponv the house at Mnngi shall descend npon your bead ; and the God .that yon ' have blasphemed against all yonr days, shall, visit you with tbe cruelty that you have meted- out to others, and leave von at the last naked and alone.' Hannah, . trembling and .bewildered,, put np .her hand/ M'Cunn laid hold of the' -post again. This assault upon Mm, with hia own weapons,. coming swiftly ont of tbs heat mid loneliness of the night, aud while ho was already curiqpaly wrought upon bytois solitary brooding in . tire dark house, over whelmed him utterly. His breathing oatno hard and sluggishly as he stared at>the stranger. , "Sow, said Baynton quietly, am I to go!' . ' ;';p- . ' " Ay,' MlCunn ; answered, like one , repeating a formuli, yon Ate t&5go.' /i' No,' . Hannah told; ' And ..caught 'OTfttMfc wrist to boto hand; An, ho I' / |Chfr ; tenvs, olear- nnd ediolros against toe thin, M'Cunn tightened his grip on tbe wooden post as he watched her and heard tbe break in her deep voice. Come hr-sre, Hannah,' he said, but meaninglessly ; and Hannah did not move. - 'It strikes me, M'Cunn,' the Btranger said gentiy, looking into Hannah's upturned face, ' tbat the honse of Cranncch is already beginning to fall about your eare. Just think for a moment. Have yon a friend in the world ! No. Yon bad a wifoas good as g'ld, and you set yonr heel npon bpr heart Yon have a daughter whose shoe-strings you are not fit to unloose, and she haB left yonr home for ever, except yon relent, to live in the house called Mungi ; and the curses yon laid upon that honeo are coming home to roost on your own roof-tree.' He looked up. The verandah was empty, for early in this last deliberate discourse of Baynton's. M'Cnnn bad gone qnietly on bis stockinged feet ipride toe ' house. The breath hissed between his abnt teeth, and his eyea even in the darkness of the house the night, unnoticed by them all, had closed down gradually in deeper and deeper blackness — sbonc full and strangely. U'Cnqn, who moved like a man walking in his' sleep, took down an old, well- kept revolver from the wall and raised the hammer noiselessly. Then, standing well bftcs ia to 9 room, he took & steady aim at the man up on tbe grey horse as he stooped above Hanuab. To the eye of tbe bnebmnn in the booee, trained to the night-wstchlug of cattle, the group outside was excellently clear. M'Cunn, who from a galloping horse cculd kill a scrub ball in full career, saw even a faint but sufficing glint cast along the barrel from the new-chnme white mole skins. Ha felt tbe fine-set trigger with tbe finger of a marksman. As Baynton looked np hesaw nothing bnt empty darkness in the doorway ; and why it was that Hannah anddenly dragged him from the saddle and set him on the ground, while she drew herself up to her full height, though shaking in every nerve, between bitn and the honse, ceithet of them to this day can tell. It was before Hannah had unceremoniously dragged Bayn'ou to the ground tbat M'Cnnn, with his eye along tbe barrel of the revolver, heard a sound like the .falling of a graiu of seed here and there on the iron overhead ; aod tbe noises Bpread quickly till tbe whole roof was whispering sweetly to tho fall of a steady raio. The old Bqnatter heaved a big bresth,and looked np and then about him curionsly. He brought the revolver cloae to his eyes aud felt it gingerly in the dark. Perceiving that the hammer was raised, he lowered it carefully ; and as he hung the weapon up again in its place he muttered to himself a warniog.erateful, comprehensive 'H-m — h-m." Then he went out npon the verandah, andcroBsing it, stepped down and stood wi h arms akimbo, iooking np so. that ths rtin fell upon his fac.i He wheeled suddenly on the other two, standing five paces off. 1 The raio, be said fervently, like a man praying. ' Losh ! The r-r-ain, Hannah 1 he said blithely, yer saddle, lass and as Hannah did not rnivc, ho came over aod took off tbe saddle snd bridle from the grey bimeelf The two others made room for bim eilently. M'Cnnn set down the saddle against the honse and came forward to the trigs of tbe verandah. ' Come hen,' he eaid hospitably ; 1 come ben oot o' the wat.' And the two came slowly, with hanging headB, Into shelter. 'The. two runs,' M'Con cootinned, as though it was a thing he had been insisting upon, for years ' of Cranuoch an' Mnngi joined to one another will mak' the finest cattle station in the deeatrict. They will that. Hannah, wo might have a light, an' a bit of supper for yonrself and — and Mr. Bayton.' When the light was brought the two men — both of whom, since the sound of the rain had broken in upon their conversation, seemed as if dazed end drunken with fatigue — looked long at one another from beneath bent eye brows; then, moved by a common impulse, they Bhook hands without a word. . M'Cunn threw his open hands apart as if making the stranger free of his honse and all tbat was in it, saying, 'Fll go to my bed; my eyea are heavy. He shuffled away, but pallid an bv the door with his eves qdou the revolver hanging on tbe the wall, then moved oo, shaking his head slowly between nplifted hands, and saying devoutly to himself, Lorrd,' Lorrd ; the rain, the rr-a-in.' . . r The Providence thst seemed to lay the soaresof misnnderstaodiog so thick about the feet of the mau and woman who met on the blood-stained thresbo'd of Mungi from such wide-sundered worlds of experience most after all have been busy with otbor work, to other eode, Baynton woke np from a dreamless sleep of the kind he had thought was nowhere for him, on the living side of death, to find himself in thick darkness, bnt at peace, stretched on the veranda of the Crannoch homestead. The rain still sang its long ' hnsh on the iron and fell in chattering runnels from the grooves npoo the ground below ; and woven among the sounds there wa3 a woman's voice Bingiag a lullaby. Bsynton reached up and held a hand that lay ou Ma temple. ' Have I slept long, Hannah ! ' ' Not long, I think. I do not know.' jAnd have you sat there all the time — awake, and singing 1 1 'I have been here, awake, I think. Was I tinging ! ' 'Are you sorry, Hannah 1 It was sudden and atraflge,. And toe weather before tbe rain came ! ' She tagged at her hand, but he drew it down to his neck. Was I too — too violent to your father ! 1 ' \- 'You did right. But how did you learn it ell. AH what!' ' About bis hardness, and my mother, and— and me.' 'Wheal told yoa- of it first, you eald you weren't tinging to yourself, Hannah.!' I didn't know it.' 'And you thought I was crazy. Gome now.' j She snuggled her arm against hia ' netic..- i « There,' he add. It waa like the ringing, all that yon told me between Mongi and here. Vuu didn't know.' 'And I didn't ask your name. ' But except fur that, and the other unimportant deiall that 1 was the heir of Mungi you seemed lo find out all the rest about mo, di- lu't you, Hannah I ' 'Ay. It's wonderful.' 1 It is. And we'll look for more wonders like it, and find them. The tops of the lagged trefs that crowned tbo ridge b-yond the crk were showing black against a cool, wit grayness. 'What is that light 1' Bsyniou asked. ' It is the dawn,' sail U-tonab. 