Bv Bebtha M. Olay, AnthoreBS of “An Ideal Love,” “Lilian Tremayne’a Secret,” Etc. CHAPTER LI. A MIGHT IN A STORM or SNOW AND WIND. When Amy Carleton heard Denzil Lismore’s final words—his promise to go away and return on the morrow, though only half believing him, she determined to fly at once, rather than fall into his power. His sudden change of manner had not wholly deceived her. Sho had seen his dark shadow in the transom above—she had heard his fall to the flagged floor of the poroh, and she know instinctively that he had discovered to whom he had been speaking. Would he go away ? The instant his footsteps sounded on the frozen earth, she set the lamp on a table and rushed upstairs to a window which commanded a fall view of the drive. She saw his hate ful figure disappear at the end. For a moment he had paused as though half irresolute, then turned to the right, bend ing nearly double before the fury of the wind and snow. To hurry below and put on her hat and cloak was the work of but a few minutes. Over these Bhe drew a heavy ulster that had belonged to Diok Randell, never faltering In her determination for one inatant. “He will not go away,” she thought. “He would not venture to Crayville on auoh a night as this, and leave the warmth and safety of the cottage.- No, Mb mind has oonceived some devilish soheme, and he will be back again soon. Better to face death in the storm than fall into that man’s hands. I cannot even believe the story of my uncle’s illbess. No, I caa believe nothing that he says. If Heaven is willing I may find some shelter, and with the advent of another day I can get to Crayville, or some other town, and telegraph to Branscorabe ithat I am safe.” She bade the dogs keep quiet, then stole as lightly as a shadow in the steps of Lismore. Twenty yards beyond the end of the drive she saw him busy with the harness of a horse. Yes, It was Randell’B horse, and this proved that Randell was in this man's pay. Then he took the animal out of the shafts, and led it down the lane, until man and horse disappeared like spectres in the snow mist. “I was right,” thought Amy. “He will find his way to the stables, and in a little while return to tho cottage. Rather would I be at the mercy of a ravenous wolf.” Sho returned to the house, took a last look around, and then left it for over, the faithful dogs at her heels. At first they were disposed to investi gate the premises in search of the intru der who had so ruffled their tempers, and it was only by the greatest difliculty, both entreaty and command, that Amy induced them to cease growling. As Lismore had taken the turning to the right, the brave girl turned to the left, to face a vast common that was wholly unsheltered by trees, though at present she had the advantage of having the wind at her back. Never before had she hurried so fast, snd at last the icy wind seemed to impart to her blood a sensation that tingled like fire. Onward with unfaltering steps, until there waB nothing to be soen but one eternal spread of whiteness; and the wind had increased in volume until it threatened to carry her away in its furious As the snow became deeper and deeper she found that her progress was impeded, and now and again the dogs would pause and Bend fortli a melancholy howl. For two hourB she struggled on, but became aware that the fire in her blood was fast cooling. No longer did it bound joyously through her veins, and she shivered with an awful fear. Hor limbs faltered, and at last she sank down where 6hs howling wind had drifted the snow ante t, large mound as it whirled on its course. >11 cannot go any farther,” sho moaned. “ Uh, how awful to be frozen to death— to die out here 1" She crawled behind the drift, and was glad to find that it sheltered her from the full force of the wind. Then she drew the heavy ulater tightly around her, ■completely enveloping her tender form, Thilo the four dogs nestled close for warmth, a look of almost human sympathy In their eyes. At first, Amy was determined not to give way to the drowsiness that assailed ner, but after a futile struggle her eyes closed, as though the lid3 wore dragged down by heavy weights, and she became oblivious to all things, good and bad. {Vhen Bhe awoke the sun was shining dimly ,in a cold, blue sky, while around ber was ,a circular wall of snow. The wind had dropped, and the Btorm was. over, and she could hear the dogs barking at some little diatanee. It was by a great eSort that she scrambled to her feet j her limbs were stiff, and her head whirled, but at sight of her the four dogs dashed forward with ■sxhibitions of mad joy ; then ran away barking joudly at some object before them. For a minute Amy was blinded by the dazzling whiteness around her, then she started forward with a scream of gladness, tor a woman was standing some twenty Jards distant, eying her with a half anghtened expression on her weather beaten face. , 1 Sure, 1 thought it was a ghost spring tog up there,” she said, “and I should oever have ventured here at all but for toe whiniug of them dogs. When I did c°ffle they set at me as though they would “r9 UP- Tell ’em to be quiet, and ‘ken I will come to ye.” Rut there was no need to spbak harshly 0 the animals now that they saw the Dew-comer was a friend. Amy was too overcome—coo weak to. ^peak, and after tottering forward, wo'uld ;a lauen to the ground had the worn i^Dahed to her assistance. ■ . "by it’s only a young girl I” she < aimed, “and what can sho be doi ere? There 1 lean on me, my dear; 1 cot ain't far away.” bhe pointed before her, and Amy a ,o top of the chimney rising above 1 °b lbs hill near which they wi •aeaing, and the bluo smoko was curb m\\\y upward. . Jb&uk; Heaven 1" she said, hi Wtencally. Thore 1 I am better nc i 1 cannot shako off this feeling languor." , H is all right, dearie. Now you m ^ as 1 toll you. I’m going to give yo bfkfast o£ hot gruel, with someth “ow11 an<* Put y°u to bed.” . :i no—no,” Amy said. “I m t”10 a post-office—I must let my friei "tore I am.” we’ll see to that as soon as I ■llled you comfortable/' jdie woman “ I ain’t going to boo yon get into a fever because I don’t take the proper precautions. Ah, I know what I am talking about, for I've reared a family of my own, and am now a grandmother." She led Amy toward the brow of the hill, ■ and^prescntly a sight of entrancing beauty burst upon her. At her feet was a valley that deepened in a gentle slope to the "sea—a valley that now cradled miles of glittering snow— that seemed to be gemmed with diamonds that flashed and sparkled in the light of the sun. Beyond, the ocean was rocking a miliion foaming billows into slumber, now that their battle with the wind was over. “ Away over there,’’ said the woman, pointing to a piece of rising ground, " the snow has drifted very deep, but we never get much here when the wind blows from the north. Come along, dearie.” Amy saw that the cottage was fenced in, and that the windows were draped with clean curtains. Its appearance was home-like and comfortable. The intorior was scrupulously clean, and a cheory fire of sea-coal was burning in a wide grate. The woman assisted her to take off the ulster, and surveyed her with evident in terest and admiration. “ Why, child," she said, “you are as pretty as a picter 1 Just like my dead RoBie, to be suro 1 And she would havo , been about your age now 1 There 1 sit down by the fire, and let the dogs lie at your foot. I don’t mind the bit of mess they make, for you owe your life to them. Now, I’m going to give you a cup of tea at once, then I must think how this cold of yours iB to be driven away. Oh 1 don’t shake your head; 1 know what your symptoms are." Amy lay back on the sofa with a sigh of relief, but conscious that her brain was throbbing madly, and that there seemed to be a hundred clanging bells in her oars. “ I shall be willing to give myself up to you unconditionally," she told her bene factress, while the woman busied herself in preparing some breakfast, “if you will only assure me that I can send a letter to the post." “ Let me see,” was the reply. “ It is now Thursday, and my boy won’t be home I until Sunday. You can’t have it posted, miss, till Monday morning." Amy gavo a cry of dismay. “ Oh, how can I wait 1 What will Sir Andrew and Clarice think of it—and my uncle, too 1” Sho said this half-aloud, then passed her hand over her burning brain, for a wretched sensation of dizziness assailed her. “ It can’t be helped, lady, it can’t be helped. It’s four miles to Brighttingsea, and nobody lives within two miles of hero, and not likely to venture this way in such weather. The roads are well-nigh impassable. [ am a widow, dearie, and have only one of my children with me— that’s Harry —and ho’s a shoemaker in Brighttingsea. Ho only comes home once a week—usually on a Saturday nigftt, and goes away again Monday to his business. This cottage is what my good man left me when he died, and I’ve got a cow and a hundred chickens, aud in the summer the place is a picture. My good man was a fisherman, and thirty years since, where you seo the water at the foot of the val ley was all green meadows. They do’say that the sea will come right up to my doors, but not in my time, misB, not in my time. Here is a cup of hot tea, dearie. Oh, I can see what will be wrong with you if you don't take care !" “Nothing Berious,’’smiled Amy. “I am suro of that. I am only unnaturally hot and weary after my long walk and the exposure." “It’s a miracle you didn’t dio," the good woman replied; “ and you owe your life to them four dogs, and that big water proof. The warmth of tlieir bodies as they nestled about you just kept you from the hands of death.” “ Why, this is not tea alone," Amy ex claimed, making a wry face. “ And who satd it was 1 There's brandy in that, miss, and you needn’t be afraid of it, either. Nothing drives a cold out of the system better than hot brandy. Bless you 1 there was a time when people sent miles for Sally Bennett, that’s me, when they got anything the matter with ’em. I’ve earned many a pound that way." “ Aud your name is Bennett T' Amy said, drowsily. “ Yes, dearie, and everybody knows me in Brighttingsea, and my non Harry, the best shoemaker for milea round. Ho was born in this cottage,” She was quiet for a short while, then said, half hesitatingly : “ Supposing, miss, you do take a turn the wrong way, you might tell me who you are, and how you came here on such a night, becauso people may make enqui ries about you.” “ Oh, I am not going to be ill," Amy assured her ; “ but it is only right that I should tell you my name and what brought mo here.” She stammered out tho last words, then thought: “ Why should I go under false colors any longer ? How much misery end doubt has it not already caused me ? And now I am faced by the astonishment that will be everywhere expressed by those who have long believed me to be dead 1 I do not think I oan ever return to Queens wood again. I could not face the gossips.” She turned to Mrs Bennett, continu ing : “ My name is Carleton—Amy Carleton. I have been Btaylng a few days at a place called Craig Cottage-” “ Five miles farther along the coast I" M.-s Bennett interrupted, “I know it well.” "I have been staying with a woman who onoe nuraed me through a severe ill ness ; her name is Randell. Early yes terday she was called from home to Liverpool, and left me alone in the house. At midnight last night a man came-=•” " Surely not a tramp 1' “ Well, he might have been worse. He. seemed to know that I was alone? and demanded to be admitted. At last he went way, and, fearing that he would return, X l^t the house, and walked through the storm until I was overcome by fatigue." “ My poor child !” the old lady ex claimed, pressing a kiss on Amy’s cheek. “ Though I don’t seo why yon need have run away with those dogs to take care of you. Now, I’m going to send you to bed, and see if we can’t sweat this cold out of ir systom. i.my was too weak to obje.ct to any sg, even if she had desired to do so : I, after a hot bath, sho was hurried to [, and plied with hot drinks. Notwithstanding all these efforts, no spiration of any appreciable value ild bo induced, and by nightfall Amy is. , , , i a couple of weeks betore Bennett sighed, regretfully. I could let Harry Know, so d send that letter she spoke r friends." :ry did not come home until nday morning, and declared mpijey had occupied him seve re greatly interested In hia patient, and, when .he nao peeped at her slyly, he declared that she was as beautiful as a saint! “Don’t you think I’d better send a doctor, mother ?’’ he asked, anxiously. "'She lookB like one who was already touohed with the angel’s fingers.” “Doctor? No 1” was the scornful rejoinder. “ I’ll bring the lady through all right. No meddlesome doctors for me, Harry! Now don’t you mention to anybody that Miss Carleton’s hero; for I tell you I’ll shut the door in any of your doctors’ faces. All that there’s in their science is big words to deceive honest people. I promised I’d send a letter or something to hor friends, just to set their minds easy. She said that it was in her dress pocket.” But Mrs Bennett searched in vain for the missive which Amy had penned to Clarice Winter ; she must have lost it on the night of the snowstorm. 