TOE PRIDE OP -THE POMPBBTS.. , ? CHAPTER, V. 'I wonder how far that affair went with Harry Beauchainp, and if he is dead. I haven't much faith, in the re port. Anyway, I'd many her and ask , no questions, and fight for her If t it- was necessary, which is more than Guy Pom fret would do. with, his confounded I pride/' he thought, as he left the park and passed into the lane. A few days after this the family at the Abbey heard that Captain Bairstow had gone up to town; but only Olive had any suspicion why he had gone. The very evening the news of his de parture came, Guy and Amy were seat -.' ed on the lawn under the shade of a big sycamore tree (the former- expi'essing regret that Olive could not be induced to listen to Jack Beauchanip's pleading), when the butler appeared, telling his young master that the squire wished to speak to him. ? ? ' \ ' ' ? 'All right, Stevens,' and, excusing himself to his betrothed, Guy went into the house. : ? The seat under the sycamore tree was not iar irom the Chestnut Avenue, and Amy's thoughts at once turned to the last time she had seen the wraith, and involuntarily she looked in that direc tion. . ; There, not a dozen yards distant, was the dark face of a man peering round a tree, his close-fitting cap revealing his features distinctly, and as Amy met his gaze, which was fixed intently on her, she uttered a faint scream, then became deathly pale, and in another 'moment' she fell back fainting, just as Guy came across the lawn. ' ''Ton see, I have not been long,' he ? said, .is he aunroached : then he uttered' 1 an exclamation of alarm when lie saw Amy lying back with her eyes dosed. ' Lifting her. gently in his arms, he carried her into the house, and laid her on tho drawing-room couch; then he rang Ihe bell and told the footman to Bend Parsons to him ; but before she ap \- peaivd, the few drops of brandy he had put between Amy's teeth had taken ef 1 ????'-. ? \ feet, and she opened her eyes and look ed round with a shudder, ' 'What is it, my darling. V he asked. ' I^-rl saw a ghost,' she said, fearfully. 'A ghost? Do you mean the wraith?' ' / '? No, another ghost.' ' Why, Amy, I did not know we could boast of two. What was the new ghost like?' . i' Before she could answer. Parsons ap peared. ' Miss Pomfret has fainted ; you had better get some smelling-salts,' he said. 'I am nearly well now,' said Amy; but, in spite of her protestations, he made her drink some more brandy, -s It revived her, and when (Parsons brought the salts, she was almost her self. ? y ' You will think me very silly, but I got a fright,' she said, smiling faintly. ' Tell me what this ghost was like 1' he said, putting his arm around her and drawing her close to him. ' I cannot, it was dreadful !' and she burst into a flood of tears. 'My darling, don't think about it,' and he drew her closer, trying to soothe her ;, then, as the dressing-bell rang, she begged that he would not tell anyone Of the ghost, as she didn't want to be laughed at. , , Guy gave the promise ; but before he let her go, he told her that she was such a nervous little woman; he wanted her safe in his own keeping, and, after a little hesitation, Amy agreed that the wedding should take place a. month from that day. ..,_ '.; 