I LATEST SPORTING GOSSIP. I [BY "THE BAUBLES."] The death of the veteran owner, trainer, and jockey Lang onoe more bringa to mind Craig's dream abont the. jockey Day wearing blaok crape on bis arm, when he won the Melbourne Cup of 1870 with Nimblefoot. The late William Slack, who always had a little double about this and the next, laid Walter Craig £1000 to four cigars about Graydon and Nimblefoot for the Metrop. and Melbourne Cnp, and having paU Mn. Craig £500, bis conduct in that respeot laid the foundation of hia fortune as a layer of doubles-his speciality being the Metrop. and Melbonrne Cup. The story of Fisher's ghost has been ».written about a thousand times, and I Bhall not inflict another version upon readers of the Examiner The reoent death of Lord Poulett has also brought another dream to light, for we read now that, writing to Thomas (better known as Piokeroel), the Tas- manian amateur rider, on the 15th December, he said he dreamt he saw Thomas ride The Lamb last, and then first in the Liverpool Grand National, and asking if he oared about taking the mount. Turf history records the viotory of The Lamb, bat if both he and Nimblefoot had not finiehed in front, it is almost any odds that Craig's and Poulett's dreams would never have bean heard of. The American two-year-old, Golden Tail, who recently ohanged hands at a fabulous price, is out of the Hunter Uiver bred mare Palma. She was bred by Mr. Frank Reynolds, of the far-famed Tocal stud, and is by the imported sire The Crummer, out of Canary (dam of Candid, Songsters and Candour), by Lapidist from Rosalie, by the Tasmanian siro Peter Wilkins. Mention of Lnpidiet reoalla to mind his 1873 VB..O. Dorby win, and Don Joan's Melbourne Cup win of the same year. The victory of Ihe son of Levity laid the foundation of the f nture of Joe Thompson, and even to this hour hundreds of people entertain the opinion that he owned the horse when he gave the go-bye to Dagworth, Horatio and the rest of the field. Aa a matter of faot, it was not until the Don Juan conj) came off that he beoame the property of the owner of Don Juan house ; for, at the time of the race he was owned by Mr, John- stone, of Eohuoa, and leased to Mr, J. O, Inglis, The latter was one of the best of the amateur riders of the sister colony, and he will be beet remembered in conneotion with tho Melbourne, Australian and Adelaide Cups, and Grand National Hurdle Raoe victories of Malua. Those who saw Don Juan win a paltry £20 prize at Caulfield some months before be distinguished himself at Flem- ington little thought they were gazing at a Melbourne Cup winner, and that the then rustió Caulfield oourse would now be one of the best appointed in the colonies. Thanks to Messrs. E.G. Moore and the old press writer (" Beacon,"), Mr. Bond, what was thea almost a howling wilderness, from a rroing point of view, is sow a paradise. The racing authorities in Maoriland are evidently determined that the gentlemen who are kind enough to lay the seduotive looking odds about thia and the next will be relegated to the past. I note that the North Canterbury Jookey Club are prosecuting 18 bookmakers for trespassing on the course and laying the totalisStor odds, and no doubt they will meet their deserts at the iron hand of justice. 