THE REBELS. ? ,m . BY M. MCDONNELL BODKIN fltUTH^OB^fV^ STOLEN LIFE.V ETC, ETC.) _ CHAPTER XV.— WITH HIS NfiOK IN * THE HALTER. four swords they may clatter,- your carbines go -bang-. But if you want hanging-, if s yourselves you must hang. , ..... 'There is no time for buryin',' said Christy on Ma knees beside the dead man. 'The eorpses are so thick on the country side that one more doesn't count. There's .bare space for a prayer for his soul's repose, and that a short one. But sure the good Lord 'won't be hard on a cratur that put his purgatory over bim in this world. It's the llvin' is to be thought of now, not the dead, seein' the times pat are in it.' ? 'The poor fellow's own last words are to be fliousrht of,' Blake answered. 'At all hazards Father Murphy must be warned.' 'But how?' asked Christy. 'We don't Snow in the least who he is, and where he is.' 'We must find those ruffians' trail, catch up on them if we can, and take chance for the [lest They know the road, and we don't.' It was an easy task to find the trail; .to eatch up on the mounted party, with their tour's start, was not so easy. But the track wound in' and out between woods and dells; and the pursuers on foot were able to cut off the angles by short cuts impossible for horse l©en. ? Still it was weary work: and though Mau rice thought he could tell by the hoof marks, ps now and again they came directly on the 'track, that they were slowly gaining, yet strain their eyes as 'they might they could eaten sever a glimpse of the horsemen. . 'Stoop!' Blake whispered, and laid, his hand gaddenly- on- his companion's1''' arm,' as ' they reached the topmost. curve of a hill that gave a irider landscape, tq-their view. 'Look there ! there to the right, not a quarter of a mile; they iare halted; they are busy about something.' 'What devilment are they up to now?' Christy muttered, while- Blake quietly adjust ed his field-glass to focus. 'They have caught some poor wretch, and me going to hang him,' he cried excitedly, '(toe of the soldiers ie in the tree fastening a rope. They have hoisted their victim upon a i barrel. I can see the man standing . beside^ iim fit the noose, to his neck.' The wretched creature makes no resistance at all. He goes to his death like a log. Though his back is turned to me, I seem somehow to know the figure of the man.' Again he adjusted his glass, and the figure gtood out nearer and clearer than befqre. 'Oh! [they have gagged and bound the poor wretch; I can see the cords plainly. My God! it's ter rible to look on at this butchering and do no fbing.' 'Shootf' Christy whispered earnestly, and he reached his rifle towards him. 'I have seen you pot bears at longer range with this eame gun.' : Maurice stretched one hand back for iris rifle, with his eye still to the glass. Then he closed the glass suddenly, and flung it on the grass, grasping the gun with both. hands. 'My God!' he cried. 'I can see his face at last: it's poor Thady himself they are murder ing.' Like a darting snake the long rifle barrel slid without a sound over the sharp neck of grey | rock in front, and rested. Quick eyes glanced j along the sights. The tiny bright bead steadied i itself for a moment, motionless as the grey | rock on which it rested there, in the very cen- ! he of the hangman's body on the tree. ? Then ] sharp and sudden the report rang out Through j the smoke of the discharge Blake could see | dimly the man topple over and come tumbling to the ground. Christy's gun answered like an echo, and a man in the nearest group under the tree threw op his arms and cried out. The dismounted yeomen leaped at once to their horses, . and paused irresolutely with eyes fixed on the smoke that rolled slowly to tals Jjigga^dovn^the slope., ...... I Meanwhile. Christy crawled rapidly in their [direction, still under cover of the ridge of rock. He plucked a small green flag from his bosom, [tied it to his rifle barrel, and lifted it high in the air. 'Fire!' he shouted to Blake, who had re loaded with a huntsman's rapidity, ramming powder and ball down the murale almost as quickly as a cartridge is dropped into a breech loader. Again the deadly rifle Tang out. and a man slid from the saddle and fell head down wards, one foot still entangled in the stirrup. It was enough. That third fatal shot and the sight of the green flag waving defiantly turned surprise into panic. The eighteen horsemen fled with one accord, their faces bent dose over their horses' manes, their spurs buried in the poor brutes' sides. Then , Christy's eyes went back to the rope, and found a man dangling at the end of it The figure he saw swung round and round violently, the feet only a few inches from the ground. 'My God! they've hung him in spite of their Irarry,' he shouted, flinging down his rifle and starting to run. 'Easy there!' Blake cried out, with his eyes to the field-glass. 'It's not Thady, but his assistant hangman that's on the rope, and he's itanght by the hand and nor the neck.' ' 'By gor, you're right,' Christy answered, leisurely picking up his gun again; 'we may take our own time; a little gentle exercise will do the boyo no harm.' 'But Thady, poor Thady, you forget him,' Blake answered, striding down the hill at a great rate, with Christy close at his heels. , The man dangling from the rope as he saw them come struggled more violently than be fore, till he spun round like meat on a roasting jack. , Poor Thady, with hands and feet tight bound, had been flung like a log from the fall Ing barrel, and .had writhed and rolled away a score of paces into the thick grass, where he lay quite still. As Christy's hand came suddenly on his shoulder a shudder ran through his slender frame. But the untamed spirit never quailed. 'Ould Ireland forever!' he cried, his voice half-choked by the long grass, in which he lay | face downwards. ? Then every muscle stiffen ed to meet the bayonet thrust that was to an-£j ewer the rebel cry. But Christy's keen knife slit the rope at Frist and ankle, and, with a single bound, the agile creature leaped to his feet A wild, mad Eght blazed into his blue eyes as they lit on the dangling figure at the rope's end. ' 'Begor! they have hanged me, after all!' he shouted. 'Thady O'Mynn, me poor boy, and well it agrees with you, and no pain in it at an, at all. Bedad, an' that was a brave caper all out,' as the dangling figure twisted and swung. 'But myself eould do as good, with out asking ere a rope to help me.' He flung arms and legs into the air, and danced in ghastly mockery of the dangling wretch, who. shrank from those waving limbs and blazing eyes, shrinking with terror. Christy watched the sport with a grim smile on his weatherbeaten face. But Maurice Blake's sword flashed through the taut rope, and let the dangling wretch drop. '? The man's feet were hardly steady on .the - ground when lie fled with incredible swiftness, fear lending him wings. But the fleetest feet in all Irelahd were after him. He had not gone fifty yards when tfee toe of Thady's rag ged boot struck his uplifted, heel, and he went out on ;b.is^&eacl; wiihtb craJsh^-sand' lay like a ,. 8tone.'-f-fe'iW. tHiH* . /sKMiflt^MaT.-cjHt'i-Vii1* ' -? -. '. 'Senses -yt-u:rignt,^'::^iady rauttejred; 'that wouldn't wait fbriihe rpst of me? But. I hope I haven't hurt myself -. — ?*' r He knelt 'anxiously beside,; lie jprosjrate figure, and peereid jihtp the'.uncon6eiaus face. .; 'Bedad, itbatfs a ;aaii|e|*&|fag;*-o;' life 'mut- tered; 'It isn't myself thatsg tin .'It &t;*allv at all, but that divil Cassidy that was helping to hang me.' ?,.' ' He glanced cautiously round, ana the wild^ [mad light died out of his eyes as memory came 'slowly back.: . ; V..-. ?: j The first look at Maurice Blaji, who had ?' come close up, seemed to sober him instantly. He .stood silent and dazed, like one just awakened, from a bad dream and not sure yet if it be dream or no. ??.- 'Maurice asthore, maehreej' he sobbed out at .last, catching his hand and kissing it; 'is that yourself or only your ghost?' - 'Myself, Thady, in flesh and blood. Steady yourself, my poor fellow. . You have had a narrow .escape, narrow enough to turn any man's brain; but you are quite safe now. You know me; you know Christy here?' 'Faith! it's good' warrant I have, for that same! Easy now; don't hurry me. The sense is -coming back, as a hare, that was frightened I out.of her form, creepshoine when the danger is gone by.' ? N 'It was a silly way I was caught They came on me suddenly, and ,1 made for the woods, running like a redshank. I was near hi when James Cassidy roate out, Thadying5 meself at the top of : his voice..: I knew the voice, and I stopped on the instant minute.' ' 'Come back, you fool,' he shouted again; 'it's friends that's in it' ' 'So back I went, of course, wondering to see the boys dressed up like yeos. and James Cassidy in the middle of them, like a pigeon in a flock of crows. 'Faith, it's the quare pigeon the same James Cassidy was. Me bould Jim was the 'first man. to lay hands on me. Troth, I thought it was friendship at first But he stooped down and snapped a letter out of my busom that I was carrying to Father Murphy.' 'Father Murphy!' said Blake under his breath. ' 'Easy, James, easy,' said myself; 'that's for his reverence, no less.' ' 'His reverence, be ? / he roared out, 'savin^your presence.' ' ' 'Half a dozen of them laid hold of me at the word, and they had me down on the broad of me back while you say 'Knife.' 'The captain took my .letter and read it, and with that he let a big curse out of him. 'Tis a. warning,' he said; 'there is no time , to be lost' ' ? ' 'But what about this fellow, captain?5 ask ed me bowid Cassidy. He was holding me down with a knee on me chest and a hand on me throat. 'He's a bloody rebel spy to my certain ^knowledge.' ' ?'Ofo, string him'up as quick as you can,' the captain answered. ?I- wish we had Hepen stall with us, it would spare time. But Tom the Devil is a nate hangman enough with the rope when there's a tijee convenient. You lend a. hand with the job, 'Cassidy.' Then — bnt ye know the rest of the story better nor I can tell it and good right ye have. Tom the Devil has done his*4ast job anyway. The obliging cratur Cassidy took my share of the hanging on himself, and I'm waiting to thank him for that same.' 'Don't you hear me,, James?' he added, turn ing the body over with his foot But the man's head had. come plump upon a stone, and he was quite unconscious, though he still breathed heavily. 'I knew the man well,' Blake muttered to Christy; 'I was present when he was sworn in. x met mm constantly, ana tnougnt mm as true as steeL' . ? 'Steel is it?' cried Thady, catching at the last word; 'troth. I'd warrant me a good hand at that same. Didn't he stale my letter nate enough?' 'The letter was to Father Murphy, you say?' Maurice asked, .anxiously. 'Aye, just for Father Murphy, of Boula vogue, the best priest in all Ireland. Faith, I hope bis reverence will be out when the captain 1 calls to deliver it. For that postman's knock is like to bring the house down.' 'Do you know the way to his house?' Blake interposed, sharply. 'Does me hand know the way to me mouth! I'd find the place blindfold.' 'There may be still time to warn him if we make haste. Are you listening, Thady?' 'Wid both me ears,' and his face was all alight with eagerness. 'You may get there in front of the soldiers; though no other man living could, but you mav. You must tell Father Murphy that ? Stop, I'll write a line; that's the best way.' He xummaged in his pockets, and found a pencil, but no paper. 'Cassidy will lend us a bit, I'll go bail*' I Thady said; 'he was always great at the letter writin'.' He coolly thrust his hand into the breast of the man's coat, and brought out a packet of letters. 'Why, some of them are my own letters to I the fellow,' Blake exclaimed, as he tore off a back sheet, and began writing hastily. 'There was a tune I. would have trusted him with my life.' 'And he'd have taken it too, very kindly,' muttered Thady. i'What are we .to do with the boyo now ?' he asked, kneeling down beside Cassidy, and stroking his long, black, sleek hair almost affectionately. 'Put a bullet through his skull,' answereL Christy grimly, and cocked his rifle. , But Blake looked up from his writing, not a second too soon. 'No, no, .Christy,' he cried; 'the fellow de serves death, but we must leave killing in cold blood to the devils to whom he has sold him self.' Thady laughed delightedly. 'Yes! yes!' he ejaculated, 'well lave him to his friends; but m titivate him a small bit, to .make Ms friends glad to see him when they meet the next time.' w He caught the man by the long black hair, and whipped out a straight bright knife, that gleamed .white in the sunlight The flash caught Blake's eye, and his grasp fell on Thady's arm like a vyce. 'No fear, Maurice; no fear asthore,' ,Thady said, smiling back' over his shoulder; 'if era barber Fm going to be, .nor,^ butcher.' With a, few dexterous cuts of the knife, that was keen as a razor, he shore off the long black hair close to the skulL 'There now, you see, I have made him a dacent 'croppy,' in spite of himself,' he 'whis- pered to Christy, who grinned in sympathy as Thady'e purpose dawned on him. From somewhere under his rags Thady plucked out a green silk scarf- He kissed the eQk reverently, and whispered an apology as though it were alive. 1 'It's a sin and a shame, me dear,' he mut tered, 'to demane you with the likes ,bf him, I but shure our motive is good anyways,', and he folded the scarf neatly and hid it .in Cas sidy's bosom. Meanwhile Christy had tied the man's hands and feet .tight with the cords that had bound Thady. Together they lifted the unconscious body and set it beside the upturned barrel un der the dangling rope. 'It may come in handy yet,' Christy said, 'when his friends find *»tt» here.'' Thady .picked up the bundle of letters and put them back beside the green -scarf hi Cas sidy's breast 'Hopin' they'll be your letters of introduction to the halter, me dear,' ! he whispered into the unconscious ear hi his friendliest tone. So quickly was .the whole thing done that when Maurice had scribbled the* letter for Thady, Thady was ready. Without a word he took it waved his cap in the air, and was off like the wind— as swift and as silent— on the track of the .mounted yeo men. .-?.-'. ? .{To be- contained.} 