MARLEY HOUSE. " I>on't take thai house, sir, if that's what you're atlmiking of! " i had just come out of the dilapidated gate of tiie said house, with the latch key, lent me by the agent, in my Hand. The Bpeaker was an old man—ft gardeocr, I'm sure, for he wus so btnt aud limped. All gardeners limp—they always manage to chop them selves with a spade, or get a prod with a fork or do somcthiug that engenders a limp—it's their stock-in-trade. J " Good morning, friend," said I, pausing, J ** That is exactly what I am thinking uf do- j ing. you see it is a nice, roomy old house, I with a garden, only it all wantft repair, on which account the rent is absurdly cheap. ' Why, then shouldn't 1 take the house? 41 " Because it's haunted, sir," said the old gardener, drily—'* that's why." { 1 laughed. 1 did not believe in all that sort ( of " rubbish," as 1 termed it; at any raw i i thought I didn't, and would not for the world have admitted that I had nerves that might be shaken, or that, like most other , folks. I was liable to what I then scornfully called superstitious, ignorant fears. So X • laughed and Bbrugged my shoulders." Haun- I ted, foreooth! Oh, 1 don't believe in all that nonsense, you see.'* "R'm. Well, sir, 1 daresay you've a heap I more larnin' nor inc, but for all that,'1 said | the old man, composedly confident, " you'll | tind it ain't no nonsense. Nobody can't stop j in it—nor won't you, sir, for all your big j talk. In course the agent wouldn't say a j word agin it—why is it so cheap?" j " The reason is plain," said I, " the house , i is in sach a state of disrepair; but my workmen—" " Parding me, Bir, but no workman's been able to get more'n a day's work done. Tho next morning it's all undone, and some more part of the fabria come down with it." I "What utter rubbish!" I exclaimed, in all the indignant pride of offended reason;: *' one can see at once that tricks have been played. By Jove, I'll set men to work and : keep watsh myself! " I " Tricks! Lord, sip, there isn't a creature 1 about all Marley as would go near this houeo j at night 1 Play tricks, indeed! The.place is , accursed like." j "Bab! what iB the story?" I asked, > scoffingly;" a curse on it, you say ? " " Fes, sir, why not ? The story here is | that in the last century its owner was a j frightful blasphemer and reprobate—worso far than most, and carried on his wickedest deeds in that house. At last he fell in a duel nigh mortal wounded, and in a great fear of . death. So he sent for the priest what he'd ! scoffed at before, and took a solemn oath , that if he recovered he'd reform, pull down that house of his iniquities, and build a church theia as a ex-pi ation {in thai light, j sir ?) of his sins. But when he recovered— , us he did, like a mi: aslo almost—he broke his oath. He didn't and wouldn't pull down 1 his house, swore it should never come down, : I and went on sb bad as over. The good priest ! went to him one night, they Bay. and never I Icome back, though no one could exactly] ' prove that Sir Kichard MarJey murdered ] him, and so he got off. They *a;d the priest | laid the enrsu of God on the house and itB master, and ccrtain sure fiir Richard was killed in the midst of a wild orgic by a part of the roof falling on him* You can try your luck, sir, and watch twenty times, but you'll hod it's true, reason or no reason. Don't take that house, 1 say*" I thanked bim for hie advice and story, re solved, of course, to go my own way. tiucli rubbish, forsooth, to frighten an intelligent, | reasoning roan of the world, past thirty! | But still, thought J, though it*s absurd about the repairs failing, I may as well only take conditionally on my completing *he needful renovation of Marley House. A vague, disagreeable sensation went tluough me when the ageot readily conBeuted to this proviso, but X Bbook off the feeling, and gave my orders to a London builder. I went myself down to Jd.arley the .day after the materials for scaffolding, &c.;, and men with a foreman had departed. The first day's work was to erect scaffold ing in the front up to the second storey (the house had only two!, at feast so far ae they could iq the firet day, and they got on well —good, sound work, No sort of Jerry work, I knew, with Messrs. The next morning, when I went over from the village, I found the foreman much vexed, and 1 learnt* with auoi her disagreeable thrill, 'that in the night a heavy piece of coping* I stone from an upper window had fallen down and damaged part of the scaffolding I the men were now repairing thiB before they could proceed. The coping lay before my eyes, and 1 could see the place whence it had fallen. I went away angry and upset. If anyone were doing this—by Jove, I would soon find out, and turn the tableB. Xext morning 1 found; with secret conster nation, that another dislodgment and dam age had taken place. The foreman said he feared the house was in a worse state than their surveyor hod thought. 44 We can't get on a bit, at this rats, air," he said, 411 think/' 1 answered, 41 that Bomeon© in the village is playing a trick, but they shall pay for it. We'll sec* .what to-morrow brings anyhow" I said nothing of my intentions to auybody, lest the unknown enemy should | attempt to play me a trick also. I merely I told my innkeeper that 1 should not be back till the next day, and after a late dinner or early supper, which you please, I provided myself with biscuits aud a pocket flask of mixed brandy, and departed for my watch. It was ten o'clock when 1 let myself into Marley HouBe, and the first thing I did was to search every room and nook, by aid of the brilliant moonlight that Bhooc in through the windows and a small lantern 1 had brought. There was not a living thing about save myself; even rats and mice had deserted the house long ago. finally I came back to the big dining room in front, and sat down In a window scat to keep my sentinel like watch. It waB dreary work, I am frco to confess, and. despite my philosophy uud sceptical wisdom, 1 could Dot shake oil a disagreeable recalling of all the old gardener had said, with the Qtriet weight of his own simple, absolute belief in the story. I got to start at every crack or creak of the old woodwork, aud tried not to laugh at my own nervous folly—not aloud, remember—somehow I did not particulaily desire to hear the hollow echo of my own laugh or voicc. Twelve o'clock by my watch. I was olinos1 painfully sleepless now, with an increasing internal excitement, that strung my nerves up each minute to a yet greater tension. Half-past twelve—one o'clock ; 1 hear it across the still country from the distant clock of Marley Church. •• I'm a fool to stay on," I muttered, angry with myself for the horrid creepy feeling that would persistently come over inc. '* There is nothing at all; trick or—or anything else; bits of old coping fell— that'sall—loosened by—hark! what iB that!" I stopped with a sudden paralysing ecn oation of horror, that froze my blood and , made my flesh creep. The muffled, stealthy it seemed, of hundreds of feet coming on—on, every motnrn'.. Wu* 7 riirnmltif m going maO? bid 1 only fancy that I saw tbifc intangible dark cnnvd of a pat»l ccntury, witk Bet, ghastly face*, pressing onwards as I— trazed—Hwurminfj up the ladder, the bcs(To1£ poli'o, in at the window, up to the rotf, tanking uiili hatchet* at wood uod stone brick us they went? Wjib it—— Great Heaven*! lhal was not fancy—that •addon crush of falling timber and roar of tumbling walls without, within, above, around! WitU one awful cry that broke the apell, I rushet for(l) into the open hlindJ/, through thfl clouds of dust and deafening roar; as the whtle building fel^ in, a inaaft of raioB, be bind inc. 1 could never have told hovr If got bade %* the inn; and the landlord, who let me In, told me afterwards that I " looked awful— as if you Irtid been a ghost, oir ?*' For week* my nervous Hyslcm felt dhat* tered.but at the titmj the only creature I told of my horrible night's experience wastbv old gardener. 14 All, sir," he said, what Iu> pccted, as Itelled ye. Nobody tualdn't build up that place, ua was cursed byabrokea oath and the inurder of u holy print. I knew what it wan directly I went &]ogg there about live that moroing, mid see thf old den of iniquity a mas* of ruioa." " Vou saw it iirbt?'' I cxclairned. •• Oh, yes, sir. 1 went curb inurninr* rite you set the men to work, and 1 saw the damage first each time. There'll have io be a church, or maybe village hospital, built there, if the bit of land is ever to be built on at all." " A good work would be an expiation," I answered with grave reverence* £ am • beoft'er no more!" [The End.] 