MINING. GOLDEN QUEEN The manager of the Golden Queen is now having r pared of about 46 tons put through the Big Blow battery. Although it Is hud to estimate the sulphide loaded ore, yet th« plates are looking very well, and it ia expected that the free gold return will ba ever an ou ice per ton. The sulphides of course are being saved by means of the Webley table, and tiny will be sent for treatment to some smelter. The drive • on the sulphide lode at the 110 it level is njw in 47ft, which means about 32ft of stone; but the ore body in the face is still going north as strongly as ever. A plat is being cut at the 110ft lor the pvrpoao of running ore trucks from the face of the drive and raising them ia the nsu il way by the winding gear. At present the ore has got to be bagged and carried to the shaft, and then put Into the icon bucket. Everything is working well, and there is every appearance of the sulphide ore body continuing both north and underfoot. FEND OFF' AT NOBBEMAN Our Norseman correspondent wires :—Mr John Morgan, who for the paBt four years has managed the Norseman Gold Mines, has severed bis connection with the company On Friday night he was entertained prior to his departure, which took place on Saturday. The function was held in the Commercial Hail. Warden Hicks presided, and 160 persons, representing all sections of the community, were present, and th9 proceedings were of a most enthusiastic charac- ' ter. The Warden proposed the toast of Mr Morgan's health, and spoke feelingly of the guest's generous nature and value aB a friend. Beferring to hit qualifications professionally, he said Mr Morgan had established a record for WA. ii working the mine at a cost with 20 head of stamps, so that 6dwt shswed a profit. That was a magaificent result, which had been achieved in the face of innumerable difficulties which only the resideots of that isilated district could appreciate. There could be no doubt of the genuineness of the statement, as all the figures had been published. The Warden, in conclusion, said be was certain that every man on the field woull deplore Mr Morgan's departure. The Mayor and several employes of the mine spoke to the toast, which was drunk with enthusiasm. The toaet of the health of the new manager. Mr T. O. DavieB, was also honored. BBOWNHILL JUNCTION At the Brownhill Junction the management is arranging for the sinking of the main shaft another 100ft by contract, to start at the end of the current week. GOLDEN ZONE The air compressor plant at the Golden Z me Is nearly completed, and the manager expects to start the rocE drills at the beginning of the New Year, The mine continues to open up satisfactorily at the 200ft level, where all the labor undergrounds at present concentrated. BOULDEB PEBSEVEBANCE A parcel of BOO tons of sulpho-telluride ore, estimated to contain 60s to 7oz of gold per ton, will be despatched from the Boulder Perseverance to the smelters te-morfow. The bagging of another shipment of equal tonnage and valua is proceeding. LAKE VIEW CONSOLS General satisfaction is expressed here at the appointment of iMr T. Hewitson as acting-manager of the Lake Yiew Consols Ha is now engaged making a thorough exhaustive inspection of the property, and as his instructions are to carefally test the mine at all levels from end to end, and to report on the machinery and plant at the surface, some weeks must elapse before a summary of his examination can bi cabled to the directors. Locally the mine is regarded with the utmost confidence, and it ii crasiderel a certainty that Mr Hewitssn'e report will show that tie sensationally rich chute of sulpho tellurlde ore from which all the smiting samples have been drawn is still intact, and when farther opened up will be found to famish ore equal to the previous shipments. It is said that the cream of the ore exposed has been stripped and despatched to the Bmelters, and if that be so it will be necessary to open ont on ore of less value before the richest portion of the deposit can be again worked economically. IVANHOE Although a larger tonnage was treated at the Iwnhoe mill dating the past month, it is understood that the return from the mill is not relatively larger than the October return. HANNAN'S BBOWNHILL Messrs Bewick, Moreing and Co are in receipt oi a cable announcing the declaration of a farther dividend of 7s fid per share. The amount is payable on 10th January, free from taxation. KOBTR BOULDER A parcel of sulphide ore of about 150 tons was shipped to-day by the North Boulder to thfc Cockle Creek smelters, N.B.W. The rockbreaker attached to the mill is being utilised to crush the stone, and bagging is proceeding. GBKAT BOPLDEB The rich cbute of ore met with In driving south on the lode from the nu.n shaft at the 600ft level of the Great Boulder has been followed ovei 100ft. and still continues to show strongly in the face. The stone stripped from the lode carries rich veins of free gold, and is sensationally rich for the whole length driven on. LAKE VIEW CONSOLS Notwithstanding che fact that the Lake View ConsolB shipped a parcel of rioh ore to the smelters early in November estimated to contain 26,000oz of gold, and has since despatched a small supplementary shipment, persistent rumors are again in circulation that the return for last month will not exceed 15,G00cz. SO far no official statement has been made regarding the matter. OBOYA At the south blcck of Hannan's Oroya a second winze hes been started on the lode south of the main shaft st the 200ft level, and is going down on fair grade ore, but it is not yet deep enough for the rich chute which should be entered when another 15ft are sunk. The south drive, after being carried some distance past the point where this winze is being sunk, has been slopped for the present. North of the shaft a winze iB still going down through pay ore, which is being bagged as broken out. At the 300ft level asiays show the lode to te payable and 14ft in width. Stone has been stripped from the lode at the point of intersection, and 19 being bagged, and a start has been made to open out on its course north and south The sinking of the shaft to the No 4 level is also in progress, and negotiations have been entered into with the Kaigoorlie Mint to borrow power for the rock drills, with a view oE facilitating the carrying out of this work. The new shaft on the eastern side of the north block is down 120ft, and the steam hoist wiil be fixed in position to start hauling this week. IMPERIAL BOULDEE The eastern crosscut at the 400ft level of the Imperial Boulder has passed through 10ft of lode stuff carrying gold of low value. The drive is being continued towards the main lode, which lies about 60ft further eastward, and as these lodes have inclination- towards each other both in depth and length southwards, it is intended, after carrying the crocscut through the main lode, to sink a winze in it, in order to locate the point of juncture. HANNAN'S OBOYA' At the south block of Hannan's Oroya, ore of about 3oz grade is being broken and bagged in the drives north and south of the 300ft level, as also from the north winze below the 200ft level. The second winze started south of the shaft at the 200ft level has been Btopped temporarily in ore, to enable the management to puBh on with work of a more preening nature. LAKE VIEW CONSOLS Private adviceB received from London state that Manager H. O. Callahan and Acting- Manager C. W. Callahan, of the Lake View Consols, have resigned their position?, and that Mr T. Hewitson, manager of the tvanhoe, has been appointed acting-manager. It is understood that the directors issued a circular in London yesterday, in which it was stated that the November yield would be 10,000oz. BOULDEE HALF-MILE The Boulder Half.Mile Company has bad two parcels of ore treated as battery tests at the Lake View South mill. Cne lot of 45 tons, broken from various leaden passed through in shaft while sinking, exclusive of specimen stone, yielded by amalgamation 9oz 6dwt, the aveiage being 4 wt 3gr. TJg gold contained in the concentrates saved, with that left in the tailings, brought the average value of the Btone treated up to 5dwt lOgr per ton. A second parcel cf 85 tons of ore taken from the leader met with in croescntting at the 400ft level gave a r< turn of llcz 6dwt 8gr. . The gold contained in the oonotntratxs saved and that remaining in the tailings brought the value of the stone up to 8dwt per ton. KALGUBLI At the Kalgurli the main shaft is down about 540ft, and sinking is beinjg continued to a depth of 640ft, when crosscutting n 11 be started simultaneously at both levels. HA.INAULT Crosscutting has been started east and west from the main shaft of the Haicault, In the westward the continuation of Morty's lode in the South Kaigurli will be met with, while to the eastward the crosscut should pass through the two veins known to travers the property. BOULDEE HALF. MILE P. A small parcel of ore broken from the veins met with in sinking the shaft and crosscutting at the Boulder Falf-Mile *outh has been trea'ed, and the returns will be disclosed in a few days'. The manager leaves on a vis t to Ade'ai ie on Friday, and while there will probably arrange for the shipment to the mine of a new winding plant. LAKE VIEW CONSOLS All sorts of unfavorable reports are in circulation concerning the prospective returns during the next few months from the Lake View Consols, the principal being that the battery will be temporarily Bhnt down, and that the monthly outputs wonld show a substantial decrease for some time to come Interveiwed to-day the manager stated the mill will not be shut down, and 20-head of stamps will be employed full time crushing oxidised ore. He also intimated that the November return will be available at the end of the current week. BBOWNHILL Mr B. H. Barrett, of Perth, has received news from his London agents to the effect that the directors of Hannan's Brownhill Co, have declared another dividend of 7s 6d. The capital of the company at present stands at £140,000,EO that the amount to be distributed Arill be £52,500. This is the fifth 7s 6d dividend paid by the company during the present year, and represents a distribution of £228,750, the first three dividends having been paid on a capital of £110,000, which was the issued capital previously to the acquisition of the Brue Blue Company's right. As the company is still aggrandising its interests by the incorporation of the Brownhill Extended Company, its future capital, should yesterday's meetings adopt the amalgamation scheme, will be £176,000. Including the dividend jaet declared, the mine has paid £303,125 in dividends, equal to 262J per cent. The present dividend is equal to 374 per cent on the capital, or three and oneeighih per cent on the pre ent market value ot the shares. ASSOCIATED Despite the repoitB circulated to the contrary, the Associated sulphide plant continues to do good work, and ia a few days the returns from the first3,500 tons of ore roasted should be available for publication. So well satisfied is the management with the percentage extraction and the general fuceees of the plant that every effort is being made to have two extra furnaces roasting ore by the rnd of January. HANNAN'S STAB The reduction plant on the Hannan's Star is now being remodified to pro?ide for the future treatment of the mine's sulphide ore. It may be interesting to note that an entirely new departure iB contemplated by the management, whereby the ore wi-1 be treated in its raw state, without any preliminary roaiting. Expe iments on a large scale have been made with such excellent results BB to justify great hopes being entertained of the success of this method of gold extraction. It is also intended later on to pick up all the residues passed through the reduotion plant pr»or to its modification, tnl re-treat them. LAKE VIEW CONSOLS The Lake View Consols sulphide plant has been shut down, and the furnaces wiil undergo a thorough ovei hauling and altera* tion before again re-starting work. The roasted ore in hand is being placed in the vats for leaching. Seen to-day (our correspondent wired last night) with reference to the statements in circulation that the November yield of the mine would show a substantial decrease compared with these of the previous six months, the acting manager, Mr Callahan, stated that, pending the receipt of the smelting figures from Sydney, he was unable to say whft the return would be. In reply to a query he further mentioned that owing t instructions received from the Lend office, heWBB unable to supply the newgpaP 011 with any information concerning the underground 618 workings of the property. BOULDEB PERSEVERANCE At the Great Boulder Ptrsevericca upwards of 1,000 tons of su pho-telluride are bagged on the surface, and are (tacked alongside the siding awaiting shipment to the Bmelters. The returns for last month will be disclosed to morrow. Bapid headway is b.ing made with the erection of the sulphide plant, and Btroog efforts are apparently being made by tfce management to have the wprks in full operation, as quiqkly as possiblp. With ihe object of facilfta ing underground development work at the north end of the property, the winding engine lately used for hauling purposes at • he main shaft has been removed ana fixed in position at No 4 shaft, where the new Cornish boiler has also been installed. At present a atam winch is being utilised for haulage purposes at the main shaft, but a powerful winding plant has been ordered and is expected to reach the mine in the course of a few weeks. VIKING Our correspondent wires:—At the Viking and Norseman Gold Mines good progress is being made with the sinking of a winze from the 200ft level in the north shaft, and stoping and rising are in , progress at the same time from below. It is anticipated, that connection will be established before Christmas, and that when it is established a substantial block of stone will be available for the battery. Driving north has now oeen resumed, and at the 300ft level the face is in 105ft from shaft, the reef continuing a mean average width of 3ft, and the \alue of the quartz is lox per ton by battery treatment, On Saturday Mr John Morgan will relinquish the management in favor of Mr T O Da vies, who all along has been associated with the successful working of the mine. PRINCESS BOYAL -The conditions in the bottom level in the Princess Boyal show no depreciation. Owing to the fact that a stope has been run in as a step towards establishing connection with the winze, the drive to Ihe north has not been extended very considerably. The face is now 18ft from the crosscut, at which point the reef is still 3ft in width, and good gold was seen in b'e.king the stone. Going s:>uth the drive has been taken in 16ft from the crosscut and the reef made to 7ft in width, the stone being of good quality. To test the reef at the bottom level a parcel of 60 touB was put through the battery during the past month for a return of 135oz 8dwt of smelted gold. The tailingB assayed 15dwtperton. Uutil the bottom level has been connected with the winze it will not be possible to employ the full crushing power. In the upper levels the stopes continue unaltered. LADY EVELYN The very rich band of ore which was struck ;n the Lady Kvelyn at the 2I0ft tas bean followed down to 230ft, where the reef has come in to 2ft 6in, with very hard country on each wall. The stone, however, is still of good qnality, being worth fully 2oz per ton. The underlay from the Burface has been broken through at a depth of 45ft—that iB to say, there is now a continuous underlay shaft from the surface to the bottom, a depth of 230ft. A plat is being opened at the 230ft level, vith the object of driving north and south on the rich chute to prove its lateral extent. MT MAGNET NEWS The properties reciently taken under option by the Australian Gold Becovery Company at Boogardie are now highly interesting to those on the field. The properties comprise several of the most important leaees ic the district, viz., the Eclipse and Hesperian groups, the whole containing 115 acres. The company has carried on very active proBp-cfJ ing and development work, the results having proved exceptionally gratifying to the manager, Mr V F Shallcioss. The Hespeiian lease has now been developed to the water level 145ft, and has been connected with the Lady Bunbury by a drive 240ft alongside the lore, which averages 25ft in width from the 96ft level in the Hesperian, and 40ft distant from the shaft a winze has been sunk, and 61 tons of the ore have been treated, returning 7loz over the plates, or an average of loz ldwt 18gr per ton, while the concentrates saved assay 3az 3dwt per ton, and the tailings assav 2oz 9dwt per ton. This latest return will go to demonstrate the fact that these large ore bodies considerably improve in value on sinking, the returns compared showing an increase, exclusive of concentrates, of loz 13dwt 8grper ton. In the winze at the water level the ore shows a further marked increase in value, and a trial parcel is being bagged for treatment at Dry Cieek, the management anticipating a high average from this parcel. The intention of the management is now to crosscut (he loie at frequent intervals in the connecting drive, and also to pro<pect at this level several other bodies that are proved to carry payable gold on the fnrfae. 'he water struck is of excellent quality. The company has also had a parcel of 70 tons treated from the 50ft Wei of the Eclipse, and this yielded 44oz, the concentrates assaying 17dwt and the tailings 12dwtpertoi .- There is a large body of ore in sight, and tha propecting in the lode ia very satisfactory. The Eclipse Extended has also been opened op at 60ft, and a crosscut 37ft long has been put in, and a parcel of~93 tons of ore has been treated from this level at a battery, the result being 53oz of gold, or an. average of lljdwt over the tables. The concentrates saved assayed 13dwt, and the tailings 7dwt 16gr, the result being well up to anticipations, and equal to previous crushings from this point. The company is now driving along the hanging wall at this level previously to opening up the lodes. A parcel of 45 tons has also been shipped to Dee Creek. MULLINE NOTES A promising strike was male in the Biverina a few days ago. In driving at the 150ft level a fine body of rich sulphides was met with, the assay value being over 6oz to the ton. The reef is 3ft wide, and making stronger as it di?B east. This must be highly satisfactory to the company, as they have secured the whole plant belonging to the now defunct Mul'.ine Mining and Milling Co. As the mine ba? had so much exemption there will probably be little heard of her until about the end of March next; The Biverina South, owned by Mr Firmiger, is raising some finestone, and judging by the new strike in the Biverina it should beiome a valuable property. The Patience, owned by Mr Atkinson, is at present worked by tributors. There is also another reef running through the property, on which the prospector is at present sinking. The Blue Duck, owned by Dovett and Byan, has a big body of quarts, but so far only part of the reef has been proved payable. The Befuse, worked by Doctor and Hide, is looking much better, and the prospectors are confident of getting an ounce crushing. GENEBAL ITEMS ihe miners working in a copper mine at Blayney, in the western district of New South Wiles, are much worried. Something is happening in the mine which they cannot understand. Some of the men suspect ghosts. When the idea was first mooted the more sceptical men langhed at their frightened mates; but the occurrences have been so strange that the belief has spread, and the miners, one and all, are now in a state of utter consternation. The men say the shaft is visited by ghosts, and that while down below they hear strange noises, such as bell ringing, singing, groaningB, and th? like. They have sought for a normal explanation and have discovered nothing. When they descend the mine, they declare, their lamps are extinguished by their supernatural visitor. Some of the men also allege that while at work a something' has brushed past them, searing 1 their wits out of them. That the men believe in what they report is shown by the fact that Bix of them have resigned their work owing to sheer error. Beturns compiled in the Begistrar-General's Department show that dividends paid or payable from January 1 last to December 31 of this year by Western Australian mining companies (from gold actually won already amounts to nearly £2,000,000 According to cable news received by Mr B H Barrett, stock and share broker, Perth, from his London agents, the tightness on the money market has been somewhat relaxed, and there is a prospect of the bank rate of 6 per cent being reiuced. The difference between the mining regulations in vogue ia New South Wales and those which obtain in Victoria was graphi. cally illustrated the other day by Mr Cope' land, an ex-Minister of Mines in the mother colony, tie applied, he said, for 100 acres of Crown lands on the Delegate Biver, in New Souta Wales, and he had to pay down with h<s application £100 for the lease, besides a considerable sum as survey fee. In Victoria, only five miles away, he took up 130 acres cn the same river. The whole amount that he had to pay was £5 for dredging purposes. He will not be called upon to pay any snrvey fee till the surveyor is ready to go upon the ground and measure it. When the lease is prepared, he will have to pay, not £1 per acre per enruro, as in New South Wales, but only 2B 6d per acre per annum, of which only one-half will be required in advance. EAST MCBGHIBON UNITED The Bast Mirchlson United, Ltd (locally repreEented by Mesan Bewick, Moreing and Oo) has declared a dividend of 2s per share, payable on December 20th, free from taxes. HILL END The cyanide works on the Hill End gold mine, Broad Arrow, are completed, and in operation. The plant consists of six 40 ton vats. There is a large accumulation of tailings from the ball mill awaiting treatment. About 400 tons have already been cyanided, the extraction proving satisfactory. VALE OF COOLGABDIE The average of the clean up just completed at the Vale of Ooolgardie gold mine, Bonnievale, was quite up to that of recent returns. The tonnage treated, however, was a little Jess than usual, as, on account of the boilers, the mill was closed down for seven days. The boilers are in perfect order again and the mill is running full time. The cyanide works also are in operation. These comprise fi«e steel vats of a joint capacity of 1,200 tons per month. Two other vats are to be erected almost immediately. The most important mining work in hand at the moment is-the sinking of the new main shaft on the -Quarry reef The depth attained is 140ft on the underlie. The shaft is being equipped with winding machinery and head gear Developments on the western reef are pro oeeding satisfactorily. SOUTHEBN OBOSB The local syndicate who have taken the Southern OroBS property in hand are making very steady progress, and about 200 tons of ore wiii be sent to Seabrook for treatment almost immediately, nearly all that quantity now being at grass. If anything like a fair percentage of gold is obtained, and assays of the stone have gone as high as 4or 12dwt, the syndicate, which at present consists of seven local gentlemen, will have reason to be well satisfied, as there is a tremendous body of ore in sight. The two shafts in the mine have been connected at the 45ft level, and the formation is such as-to require very little underground "work. THE PBEHIEB The manager of the Premier, at Kunanal* ling, reports that the mine rontinnes to open up good average milling ore, and the reserves have not been encroached upon during the half-year. A cyanide plant c&pable; of treating 200 tons a day is being erected. A rock breaker and ore feeders ara being attaohed to the battery, which will increase the quantity of stone crushed. In the Emu lease good gold has bs n struck at 150ft in the shaft in a quarts formation. Gold can be seen freely, and a bulk assay gave 2oz per ton. 6T ALBANS The celebrated St Alban's lease was once held by the Menzies Consolidated Gold Mines, Limited. It is situated about three mi?es to the north-west of the town of Meneies. The present holders are Messrs Smith and Dillon, who applied for the forfeiture of the lease and became its proprietors about 16 months ago, since which tima they have been working it with regularity. Tbe present workings are principally confined to the sinking of a winze below the lOOft level, whioh has already attained to a depth of 45ft. The thickness of the vein at the bottom of the winze is at present about 24iu. At the 100ft level the vein waB only 12in in thickness, but it is improving as it goes down, not only in size, but in quality, The character of the ore is marked by the absence of mineral, with the exception of galena, which is regularly present, an unerring Bign of a favorable character upon this field. The gold is free and of excellent quality, commanding the highest price. The country rock in the winze Is favorable, good miners' country, not too hard, although at the 100ft level harder country was met with. Cmshings from this mine have been very satisfactory. A crushing of 60 tons of ore cleaned up on Wednesday at the Lady Shenton Extended battery yielded 113oz of smelted gold, or 2oz 6dwt Bgr per ton. A previoui crushing of 60 tons yielded ljoz to the ton- Messrs Smith and Dillon attribute the improved yield to the improved quality of the ore in the winze, as this last crushing came partly from the stoped between the 60ft and the 100ft levels, and partly from the winzs below thelOOft level. BAYLBY'S UNWED In less than six months after the dropping .of the new 20-stamp mill Bayley's United output has topped 4,000the return now .come to be regarded as the possible monthly production. During November the mill duty was 4*17 tons per diem, the run being j aB t over 28 days, while the average of the ore treated waff loz lSdwt 6gr per ton. glnce the battery started in July 10,912 tons ef miH stuff have been treated for a yield of 17,485os I6dwt 2gr, -or an average of loz 12dwt per ton. Work below U progressing -as satisfactorily as that above ground. The deepening of the shaft will be commenced «hortly. Machinery has just been installed *t Price'* shaft capable of hauling from a depth of 1,000ft—a fact which in itself a indicative of the policy of the management- The development of tbe deeper ground in Bayleys will have interest not only for Coolbut toe the whole country. « . KAMOWNA MINING The tributors at the Ballarat mine cleaned np two parcels at the Golden Valley battery, one of 30 tons lode material averaging SOdwt, while 40 tons headings and bottoms from the same lode averaged lOdwt. The tributors are working hard to obtain as many parcels as possible before the expiration of their tribute n February next. A large consignm ent of machinery for this gr.'up has been ordered by Mr Scott, the manager, and vill arrive in a few weeks. It is the intention to sink to 800ft and then open out and work the show for all it Is worth, instead of shepherding as formerly. MUBOHIBON MIKES A parcel of 150 or more tons from the South Volunteer Extended mine is now being pnt through the Que Victory battery with five head of stamps. The other five head are engaged on a parcel from the Agamemnon raised by tributors. * Splendid stone haB been struck in the Emperor mine at the Day Daws, and recently specimens were taken out which excel those obtained in tbe earlier days of the mine before it WBB taken over by the English company. Tbe rich strike haB been made in a drive west of the main shaft at the 200ft level, and it is satisfactory to notice that it is apparently a substantial body of ore. Mr Hutherford, the new manager, deserves his luck for having reopened the mine in a systematic manner, Mr Thompson, of the Wannerenooka copper mine at Northampton, who has been on a visit to One for a week, left on Wednesday for the coast. Mr Thompson intends to visit the e&Btern; goldfields for the purpose of securing a property for hib company. During his stay at Cue he inspected some mines, bnt the prices asked forbade any hope of business evenuating. The way in which tbe Long Beef Company's properties are opening up (says the Magnet • Miner') must be as pleasing to the management as it is to the district generally. At Wray's shaft on the Long Beef the Bteam pump which has hftberto bid to keep the water down 1b being replaced by an Sin draw lift. The 200ft level here is still being extended northward; the reef averages over 4ft right along, and at present there iB 8ft of stone in the face of excellent quality. Hooper's shaft on the Wheel reef is down 240ft, and croBscutting is being commenced at the 200ft level to cnt the reef. The laborsaving devices about the works ara operating perfectly ; the big tailings wheel is wonderfully efficient. It is able to keep the tailings clear from 50 head. Automatic feeders are now fitted at the mill, and give every satisfaction, The mill has crushed over 4,000 tons for an average of 16dwt, an excellent return for the short time it has been running, and, according to the vast ore reserves in sight and being opened up, there is a long and prosperous career for Lennonville's big mine. LAVEBTOK NOTES From the Laverton ' Mercury * :— The Bedcastle Beward appears to have entered the list of gold-producing mines. A crushing of 58 tons has just been cleaned up at the Arltunga bBttery for an average of 12dwt per ton, The concentrates are worth 9os per ton, and the tailings are found to be worth taking back to the mine. The stone just crushed was made up of five trial parcels of between 10 and 12 tons each; The whole of tbe stone from the western block averaged 26dwt per ton, while the parcel from the Beward varied from 5dwt to 15dwt, but it must not bb forgotten that the stone had previously been picked over by prospectors and drybloweie, who obtained a considerable quantity of gold from it. The stone was taken as it came from the dump, without any picking. The owners of the Bedcastle blocks are negotiating for the erection of a battery on the mine. Stephens and party, of the Galtiee More, are now putting through 60 tons at the Arltunga, Bedcastle. A one head battery, tbe stamp weighing 1,0601b, has been working on the Waverley, at Bedcastle, for the past few weeks, and the owner, Mr Hancock, of the Golden Zone, is so well satisfiel that he proposes erecting a five-head immediately, Mr J. UoBtick, accountant at the Augusta mine, has entered upon a holiday tour in the East, after an 18 months' spell in the back country. Mr Campbell Shaw, the manager of the Augusta, iB also about to take a holiday. The foundations of the new plant on the Sons of Gwalia are well advanced, and by the end of December it is expected that a start will be made with the cyanide works. Tbe main incline shaft is now down about 470ft, and the No 4 level (485ft) is shortly to be opened up. The manager of the Augusta leaseB reports.:—For the fortnight ending. Novem ber 24 the north main level has been extended 10ft, making total length 272fl. Progress has been retarded owing to the unsettled portion now being driven through No 3 E crosscut has been extended 10ft 6in; total length, 48ft 6in. Stoplng is being carried on as usual from about the 90ft level and upwards, from which 180 tons of stone have been milled, yielding 158oz smelted gold, the tailings being worth an additional 8dwt per ton. North Augusta Block : Have erected whip and placed ladderway in shaft; also opened out at water level to meet the north drive from No 1 shaft. The Graiggiemore mine is looking very well. A winze sunk 25ft below the 100ft level has disclosed the fact of the presence of a large body of silicious ore at that depth. This discovery is an important one, as it implies greater stability to the mine. The quality of the ore now being crushed is good, and the plated bear a very healthy appearance. THE GOLDEN BAB The manager, Mr J. Lonsdale, reports for the month ending November 25, 1899, as follows The 60ft sonth level has been extended a further 78ft, and is now 230ft from the old main shaft At the beginning of the month we holed into an abandoned shaft. This has been securely timbered, and the work is now proceeding towards the Golden Queen mine. Th»s shaft is giving good indications, and will be utilised for other pur> poses in the future. The 190ft north level is now being pushed forward with the aid of the machine drill, and the progress made has been very satisfactory. The reef in the face is 1ft wide. We are also stoping over this level, where the reef is 3ft 6in wide. It is intended to drive tbe 190ft and 130ft south levels shortly, and machine drills will be UBed to facilitate work. The tramways for filling and emptying the vats are now in good wording order, a d this work is being done with economy and efficiency. SONS or GWALIA The' Australian Trading S?orld' is not at all surprised at the steady advance that has taken place in the valne of tbe shares in this mine, quoted at the end of October at £516a The fact is that these shares have been very IBrgely bought by the public, who have gradually come to appreciate the great value of the mine with its enormous deposits of pay ore; a second reason is that the public have confidence in the management ot the mine, the name of Mr C. Algernon Moreing alone being a tower of strength in the eyes of investors; and a third reason is that qniet, steady progress is being made with increased mBshinery and plant, so that the production may now very shortly be expected to double and even treble itself. The general impression is that the shares will run up to £10 at no distant date. There is one circumstance that should not be forgotten. At the time of the la<t meeting on 25th May last there were ample funds in hand to pay a dividend; in iact, one share, holder said, ' after a liberal deduction for depreciation, there was still a sum of £30,000 profit made last year, and more was being added monthly, He was utterly unable to see any reason why the directors should refuse to listen to the request of the shareholders that they should make a substantial declaration of dividend.' This money is present now either in cash or in machinery—it is all to the good, the directors were right. Mr E. Hooper, at the same meeting, said, ' there was sufficient payable ore in sight to keep 30 head of stamps working for two or three years, and every additional level put in added 40,000 to 59,000 tons to the life of the mine.' The shareholders who have locked up their sharea for £10 are quite right, but those who, when they go to £10, look on complacently and take their dividends for two or three year;, will be wiser. SEIZURE OF GOLD We referred recently to the question of liability for the gold seized by the Transvaal Government while in transit from the mines at Johannesburg, insurance having been effected (says the Melbourne ' Argus.') A form of the policy now lies before us. It provides that the risk is run from such or such a mine either direct or through a bank, from the mine to the Johannesburg railway station, thence by rail to the port of ship ment, and thence per steamer to final destination. It includes 1 all risks of theft, unless the gold at the time of & theft be in charge of Ian employe oE the assured, and such employe be a party to the theft.' Now, if it can be proved that the Transvaal Govern* ment in seising the gold committed an act of theft it Is beyond doubt that the loss will, in tbe first place, fall upon the insurers, who - will, however, have recourse againBt the Transvaal Government, if it can be enforced. That an act of theft haB been committed is pretty certain, for, according to modern laws of war, private property under the circumstances of the Johannesburg mining companies and the banks is held immune. Only the day before the first seizure was made some undewriters in London, principally Lloyd's, accepted the risk for the usual premium, viz, 2s 6d per cent, from Johannesburg via Port Elisabeth, or Cape Town, to London, per Castle or Union steamer. GENERAL ITEMS Lawlers (East Murcbison) will so in have another battery, Mr W J Lawson having purchased a 10-head mill from Salgash's Great Western, at Wilson's Patch. The battery is to be erected on the Caroline lease. By tbe steamer Pilbarra, which left Fremantle early on Wednesday morning for the Eastern colonics, one box of gold, contsioing 994oe lOdwt, was shipped to the Bank of New Sonth Wales, Melbourne, by the Western Australian Bank. The same vessel also took away 500 tons of ore from the Lake View Consols mine, for treatment at Sydney, and a parcel of 14 tons of ore for Adelaide, shipped through Messrs D and J Fowler, Ltd. The first general meeting of the shareholders of the Albany Goal Prospecting Company was held on Tuesday night. About 60 persons were present. Mr Robinson, the chairman of di'ectors, presided. The report showed that 1,395 shares at £1 had been al'ctted, and so far two calls were made. The directors congratulated the shareholders upon having struck shale in the first bore, and having received from the geologist (Mr Woodward) a definite statement that he is of opinion that the cores proved beyond doubt that coal measure series exist in the district. The statement of accounts showed that the company had in hand £398, in addition to having to receive £66 from the Government. The report and statement »ere adopted. The following directors were re-elected :—Messrs Robinson, Foroter, M'Kfncle, Gee, Gerdes, Laytor and T. Barnett. Mr Johnston was re-elected auditor. The high market price of tin, which, despite the recent check, still more than doubles the rate ruling two years aeo, has turned attention to the possibility of saving that which has hitherto gone to waste. A feature in tin consumptioi has been that once UBed the metal has not been re-naabl>- but now a project has been devised ton cover the tin on scrap and plates, which.to this point it has been the practice to throw away. Tin really forms not more than 2 percent of what is known as tin plate, the tinned sheet of steel or iron standing for 98 per cent. The company, which is of course an American one, has already contracted for a supply of waste tin to give employment to 140 hands, and the promoters say that the entire quantity of waste tin to be accumulated in their territory will give employment eventually to the entire capacity of the factory, namely, 176 men. The solder when separated from old tinware returns a profitable revenue. Numerous branches of the industry throw off enormous quantities of scrap tin annually, and the prospect of profit in the new enterprise ia by no means extravagant. Mr W J Barnett, representing the Consolidated Mines Selection Do, Ltd, returned from a trip through the Mt Margaret district at the latter end of last week. Conversing with a representative of the Malcolm Chronicle,' Mr Barnett expresied himself in 'the highest terms concerning the Westralia Mt Morgan, which mine he spoke of as being one of the best, if not the beet, mining property north of Kalgoorlie. Guest's gold mine, he stated, had proved to be a good payable proposition. Along the line, for a distance of fully a mile, development work has been done on a number of shows, but as yet they could only be considered as properties well worth prospecting. The parallel belt of country on the east contains a number of quartz reefs, but seeing thrt only pot-holes have been sunk it is impossible at present to say whether any length of good stone will be found. There might, however, be quarts segratlons, which are peculiar to the northern districts of this colony. Amongst other properties visited by Mr Barnett was the Lancefield, which he stated should be an object lesson to mining syndicates in regard to the profitable working of low grade properties. They have a 10-stamp mill and gyanide works, which are kept running three Bhifts. They have a big low-grade formation, which is cheaply mined, and no tronble is experienced in keeping the battery running. A glance at the details of the gold yield for November, published in Monday's issue, will show that the value of ore treated at smelters in the other colonies is exceedingly small, while during the month of °ctober, which held the record yield of 205,186oz 8dwt4gr, close on 70,000OE of gold came from this Bouree- AB the great majority of returns fron smelted ore have not found a place in the November yield, which, though small, is higher than any monthly yield last year, and has been exceeded during the current year by only four monthy yields, the yield tor December may reasonably be looked forward to as a record one, despite the Christmas exemptions. It is said mat the outputs of several large mines at Kalgoorlie have not been included in the yield. 