THE TRUE HEIR. c*unes-En v (cooIzeun). I ns sure my features expressed the utmost contempt as. I brushed past him and loft thoe room. I at once proceeded to pack my boxes, assisted by Mra. Harding and my maid, the latter bshedding tears all the time. " I have writ: .n my notice and given it to Jamne to deliver," she said. " Oh, that ever I should have lived to see the name of Avondell degraded. Poor Lady D3ridgeot' cosoe has fallen at last 1" We had just finished, when a knock came to the door. It was my uncle. My two attendants had left the room, we woere alone. The mysterious woman had con. trived to baffle his pursuit, as she had everybody else's. Fall of the subject, I began to ex press my indignation at the insult he had received. " Well I I really do not think it was intentional," interposed my uncle. "No man could apologize more pro fusely than he has done since. You see he is not precisely a gentleman ; for which, perhaps, circumstances are more to blame than he is. I have no doubt he has had a hard battle to fight with late, and such experiences make man oceptical towards their fellow-creatures. "He is very much charmed with you," he went on; " was quite enthu siastic, indeed; and expressed his regret at the awkward position he had placed you in, in the most handsome manner. Indeed, I am the bearer of a very important communication from him to you." " To me ?" I exclaimed. "Yes," he replied. "He has ac tually made me a formal offer for your hand." "For my hand I" I reiterated. " And what reply did you make ?" "IThe reply I leave to you, my dear Mabel." "Then my answer is no-a thou sand times no I" I answered, with an energy that quite startled him. " "My dear, you are much too hasty. But that is the way with you women; you take the most unreasonable die. likes for a single word, or what you ohoose to construe into a slight. He is not a polished gentleman, but he is a sharp, observant follow, and will very soon pick up in good society the tone he lacks. He is good-looking, and very few girls would refuse him if e were oven much less than a baro net. I think it in a very good match, and it would get over the mortification which you must feel, and will be made to feel still more by kind friends who were envious of your sudden elevation. Now, sleep upon i;, and by the morn ing you will be more fitted to judge." "No, uncle ; it is impossibleo I could never love him I " I answered firmly. " Not another word to-night. I will see you again in the morning. Good night, dear." My uncle was knocking at my door at six o'clock next morning. I was already dressed, so came out, and we walked downstairs on to the terrace, "Well," he said, " what is the re sult of sleeping upon it ?" "I have not changed my resolution in the least," I answered. "Then you have decided to refuse him ?" " Positively." "I think it's a pity," he replied, with a look of disappointment. "But then you have yourself to please, so we will say no more about it." Very much relieved by that deolara tion, I throw myarmsabout his neck, and kissed him very gratefully. "It would have made me miserable forlife-I am sure it would," I said. ."Then it is much better as it is, and under these circumstances we had better catch the first train to London." As soon as Geoffrey was out of hia room my uncleo sought a private inter view with him. I afterwards heard that he was greatly astonished and very much on Snoyed at my rejection of his offer. "I am not in the habit of easily giving up any object I have once set my mind upon," he said; " and I cer tainly shall not prove false to myself in this case. Of course the young lady is a little piqued at my unexpected appearance when she thought herself sole mistress ; but that will wear off in time, and then she may think more kindly of me and the .position she has refused. Will you permit me to make a call upon you in London ?" My uncle could not very well refuse this oven if he had been inclined to do so, which he was not; and so it was agreed. But I was not told a word about it. When we made our farewells Sir .Geoffroey's manner was coldly polite; mine, I am sure, was freezing. Only for a moment did my eyes rest upon him, and that glanceo still fur ther increased my prejudice. 'I wish you good-byo Sir Geof frey 1" I said. " I wish you ac resoff, Miso Etho ridge I" he replied. We entered the carriage that was to convoy no to the station, I east one lingering look upon the grand old mansion of which I had so recently been the mistress, and we weore driven away. OCAPTER VI. And so, after being " my lady " for a few brief weels, I quietly settled down in unolo's little home as Miss Ethe ridge. Within a fortnight I came to regard my late grandeur much in the light of a very vivid dream. - But there was one person, one event, which no lapse of time could strip of reality. Since I rcoorded his farewell note I have made nodireot mention of Adrien; yet be was never out of my mind. The days and then the weeks passed di, and still no sign came to me from him, although a directory would at once have given him my unole's ad dress. Before leaving Avondell my uncle had proposed that we- should have a month or six weeks at the seaside or the lakes ; but on returning to town I heard no more about it, and, as I had had my holiday, it was not my place to mention it. I could not help re marking that he lost more and more of his old cheerfuluess; that he had long fits of gloomy reverie. Was I the causnoe 2 Weea he annoyed with me for having refused Sir Geoffrey ? I could not help thinking so, and the thought began to fret me. Als I I was soon to be undeceiv'd, and to learn thathis dejection resulted from a far more serious matter. Just one month after our arrival in London the servant entered my room to annonuco that ire. Harding de aired to see me. " Show her in," I exolaimed with more animation than I had displayed for many a day. And the noet'moment I had both the dear, faithful old creature's hands clasped in mine and was kissing her honest face; while she, quite over come, began to sob like a child and throw her arms round the nook of her " dear lady," as she still persisted in calling me. She had carried out her throat and left the old house. "If I had not done 0o of my own acoord," she auid, " I believe he would have eent me amy ; all the servants are under notice. But he has taken on Ralph Johnson again that you die charged, and Ralph seems high in favor." To my more direct inquiries, how ever, she was obliged to admit, el tbough very reluctantly, that Sir teoffroy's behaviour was not open to any complaint upon the whole; that so treated everybody very well, and behaved himself in a very respectable manner. " But he is not the kind of gentle men I have been accustomed to," she said loftily. " He is not an Avondell. All his propriety is only put on till he feoels himself a little eure in his seat; then he'll show himself in his true colors, depend upon't. " I thought it would have been my death to leave the dear old place that I had lived in from a child I" she added. "But I felt I could not serve that man." Changing the conversation, I asked her what she was going to do now. She had taken a cottage about a mile from Avondell, and was going to live there with one of her nieces, who was a widow. "I shall be able to see the old house and the old familiar, spots," she said with a sigh. She had come up to London for the solo purpose of seeing me, and I begged her to remain two or three weeks-an invitation with which eke was de lighted, but which she accepted with some scaruples. "By-the-by," I said suddenly; "has anything more been soon or 'hoard of that poor mad woman ?" " Ah I my lady, that reminds me of something that happened a few days after you left. You know you gave orders through the steward that she should be taken whenever she was found, and brought to the house. Well I Sir Geoffrey countermanded this, and gave striot orders that she was not to be molested, or in any way interfered with, and from that time she has never been seeoon. "But that is not what I was going to tell you, although it put me in mind of it. We had it very hot down at Avondell the first week after you wont; and the butler, who is a very stout man, as you know, could not stooeep well at night, and used often to sit at the open window of his bed room, which overlooks the terrace. One bright moonlight night-he said it was between twelve and one-looking towards the steps that lead up out of the grounds, he saw a man coming up them, carrying some thing over his shoulder. At first he thought it was a robber, and was just going to give an alarm, when, as the mau paused at the top of the steps to half rest his burden against the balustrade, and lifted his hat to wipe his forehead, standing full in the moonlight, he saw it was Ralph Johnson. " Welll he thought this very strange and . wondering what he could be doing, watched his movements very closely. Presently he raised up his load again, and made towards the house. As he came nearer, Edwards got a better view of what he was carrying, and said he felt all of a shiver, as he thought it looked like a human body, covered over with a cloak, or something of the kind, Johnson made for the little door, you know, at' the end of the terrace, which leads by a private staircase to the rooms usually oooupied by the family, and which are used by Sir Geoffrey. Edwards had cautiously put his .head out of the window to watch. He saw him standing before the door, then heard a low whistle, and after a while thoedoor seemed to be opened from the. inside, and Johnson wont in. "Very much excited by what he had seen, Edwards continued his watcha, and in about a quarter of an hour saw the gamekooper oomo out again, walk along the terrace, and disappear down the stops the way he had come. He told me all about it the next morning, and asked my ad vice as to whether he ought to mention what he had oseon to Sir Geoffroey. ' liy advice,' I said, ' is to keep it to yourself; don't mention it toanybody. Depend upon it, Sir Geoffrey knows all about it.' "'But what do you make of it, Mrs. Harding 2' he aoked. " 'I don't know what to make of it, Mr. Edwards,' I said; and I do not. Wasn't it a strange thing, my lady ?" " Very, indeed," I answered, thoughtfully. "I must tell you that Edwards has got his notice with the rest, as I should have done had I given the new bar onet the chance." Mrs. Harding did not soom to have the slightest idea of connecting this strange affair with the disappearance of the woman in grey. And why should I ? But the two events became in extricably associated in my mind. When I came to recall Sir Geof frey's peculiar manner from the moment he caught eight of that wild face pressed against the glass I could nbt help thinking it wao very strange. Heo did not strike me as the kind of man who could be so startled by a woman's nervous oxclamation as to drop n glass of wino from his hand and torn pale as a ghost. The tone of voice, too, in which he had ordered that she should not be porseod, nod the marked uneasiness with which he eaw my uncle quit the diniug.room , Eoomed far more then the occasion could possibly'call for. All kinds of otrango and horrible solutions began to present themselves to my imagination; but I drove them away, very angry with myself. CHAPTER Vn. Two days after Mrs. Harding's arrival, I received early in the after noon a telegram from my anole to put off the dinner to seoven-we always dined at six-and provide something extra, as he was going to bring a gentleman home with him. He returned at his usual time half-past five-but alone. " I thought someone was to dine with us ?" I said. "o80 there will be," he replied; "he is coming later.". "Anyone I know ?" I inquired in differently. "Yes; but the last parson in the world you would expect." "Is it Sir Geoffrey Avondell ?" I said, turning pale. " Mabel, dear," he said, after a slight. pause, and speaking very earneatly, " I wish you to make your. sell as agreeable as possible to him, for a reason which I will explain by-anod-by." " Very well, uncle," I answered as calmly as I could. But, oh I how my heart sank within me I Sir Geoffrey arrived about half-past cix. He was most profuseo in his com pliments to me, and I received them with as good a grace as I could as same. I endeavored to make myself agreeable to him; but I am certain my manner was constrained. I could not help observing that my uncle seemed to be very far from being at his ease; that he drunk more wine than usual, and that his spirits were forced. "Oh, by the by! I have made every effort to discover your mys terious beggar- woman since you went away," said Sir Geoffrey in the coureo of conversation, "but without one eaos; she seemed to disappear with yon. I suppose she thought she would not find my heart quite so tender as yours." " She never had but one shilling of me," I answered. "I should not have done anything for her without thoroughly investigating her ease." " That I fully intended to do could I have found her," he answered, hastily. " And, had she proved de serving, for your sake, Miss Etheridge, I would have seen that she was pro. vided for." " Then you wore not able to find her ?" I remarked; and by a sudden impulse, looked him steadily in the face. Did be flinob, or was it only my fancy ? "No; nor oven hear any tidings of her," he replied, and then abruptly changed the conversation. At length, the evening was over, and our guest departed. "I ehball call upon you in the city tomorrow, Etheridge," he said; and I fancied there was something very significant in his tone. When he was gone, my uncle lapsed into gloomy silence. " Is anything the matter, uncle dear 2" I inquired. "You seem so dull and low-spirited." "I am," he answered. "I am trying to nerve myself for a very dis agreeable business." "Is there anything I can do for you ?" I faltered. "Yes," he answered, placing his hand upon my head; "but I know not how to ask you." " Surely you should not hesitate to adk of me anything-you, my best and only friend." "Yonu.know," he said, " there is a great commercial deprooeion just now. I have never been a rich man--far from it, as I have never had sufficient capital to extend my transactions. A firm failed the other day which was largely indebted to ne; our own lia bilities are very considerable, and un less I can raise ten thousand pounds within a week I must deolare myself a bankrupt. This was a blow I had not antici. pated. " Oh, if I were only mistress of Avondoll now I" I exclaimed. "I have never regretted my lose till this moment." " You may be so again," he replied. " Sir Geoffrey has renewed his offer. By some means, too, he has heard of my ombarrassoment, and has gene rouely offered to advance me the ten thousand pounds on the day you become his wife. But I have pro mised not to coerce your inclination, and would sooner let all go than do so." I never know what agony could be concentrated into a moment of time until then. I did all I could to pre vent my face betraying what I felt; but could feel my lips whiten and grow cold as -I said. "I will accopt Sir Geoffrey's offer." " Of your own free will ?" he said. " Of my own free will," I repeated. " That is a brave, good girl I". he cried, cleeping me in his arms ; " and I'm sure you'll never repent the re solution. I cannot perceive any possible objection ; there is no previous attachment :in the way, I am eure, and the love that comes after mar riage is worth all the romance that comes before. I'd stake a good round sum that within a month you will be as happy and contentedas any women need wish to be." " A month I" I repeated. "Yes, Mabel ; I must have the ton thousand within a week. Sir Geof frey is impatient; and if you are to be his wife, I coo no reason to delay the matter." About noon the next day the oor vant brought me Sir Geoffrey's card. He was in the dining-room waiting to see me. I looked in the glass; my face was white as marble. I called up all my resolution, and descended the stairs. His manner was grave and cour teons, and he was altogether in better borm than I had ever aeen him before, This at least was a relief ; had he shown bis usual effusiveness I am afraid my resolution would have given way. "I know," he said, " you do not love me- nay, that you even dislike me; bat I have no fear of not winning your affections. A wife must have a very hard heart if a devoted husband who will anticipate her every wish cannot win it; and I am eare your heart ie not hard. It may have been too impressionable at timed." The last words were spoken so sig nificantly, and accompanied by a glancoe that told me my secret was known to him. "I have no reason to dislike you, Sir Geoffrey," I answered. "Your uncle," he went on, not noticing this speech, "has delighted me with the hope that you will not plead for any delay to my happiness. I am sure you have no more wish for an ostentatione marriage than I have; and all the circumstances of our rela tive positions considered-I mean, of course, in regard to the Avondell estate-the more private it is the bot ter. Most people will regard such a union an the most natural thing in the world-as a very good adjustment of rival claims. May I, then, fix Thurs. day next for the happy day ?" " I thought it was the lady's privi logo to fix the day. Is that the one on which my unclo's liabilities come due ?" He colored up at that question, but answered quietly, "I think it is." On Thursday next, and this was Saturday. Think on what was coming I dared not, nor remain a moment alone. I was always in motion, always talking, always in a state of feverish excite. ment. I often saw my uncle's eyes with an uneasy look in them; but I never encouraged him to speak. On the Tuesday I received another visit from Sir Geoffrey. He came to cay that, with my permission, he should like to have the nuptials cele brated in Avondell church. " They tell me," he said, "that from the time the family first settled in Kent there has never been one married out of the old church, and I have no desire to break up the tradi tion; indeed, I am snperstitious enough to think it would be ill omoned." What did it matter to me where the saorifice took place? And if the choice had been possible to me, I should have selected the place in pro ference to any other. It was arranged, accordingly, that we-that is, my uncle and myself should go down to Avondell on the Wednesday night, while Sir Geoffrey would sleep at an hotel in the neigh bouring town. (To be continued.) 