NOTES BY THE WAY. [By OKSKHVKH.] - Mi . WattV,action ln-Parliament last week in calling for a return 1 allowing tlie Joss on the:iI3irrcgurra'to.Forest railway Was ta1fen, : I:presunie;;jn order-that , he might -have an argument against- any further, country, railway exfcenBton up his.sleeve-when the matter came on. for debate:. Mr. Mathleson;' the Commissioner,-JU his reporl,—an animal affair—published in tlie Melbourne Press this week, commented on the fact that there; were slill'several lines closed around Mel bourne and further afield as non-paying, notwithstanding the improvement in mat- ters and a more hopeful outlook. He goes on-., to point out that with these miles of rails resting m town and country Parliament may well, pause before it authorises adding to the list. of railway: failures,. and most people will, agree with him.: So if Mr. Watt calls up ghosts -, of ..the past-to scare wouldrbe boom railways few will blame him-, Mr; Gillies charged the Government'with Mot having •» railway ..-policy: and shirking their responsibility on Thursday iiigbfc His argument was that if :it favoured' a certain up-country-line in- the. Western- district it' should say to the House that finding the railway could not be built for £60,000 as proposed by the Standing' Committee, a Bill would be submitted to -provide another £20,000. Mr. Gillies thought the- proposal to refer the lice back to the Standing Committee . was a mere joke , or an-attempt to shift the responsibility. One thing is evident that the railway policy of the lion: member. himself in the past has been anything hut " a joke," as this :, " 'bleeding country " well knows, and as regards shirking ^responsibility it is ft sort of burden lie shouldered with lar too light a: heart "and free a purse (not. his, but the colony's) in. the years .that are past. In the House.on Thursday-night the debate was adjourned till next • Tuesday evening, on the motion of Mr. Lnugdon, M.L.A. The Premier ,said>. something about the Session paBsmg away and not!ung ; being done, and it may well be asked, " Why waste Friday ?" Monday it is .said is:not* day on which Parliament meets because country members, in many, instances, go home on Saturday, and Monday is allowed them to get back: But members who livc very far away would hardly go home over the Sunday,-and.those who go to places like Bnllarat, Bendipo, Gastlemume; Geelong and Seymour could easily be in town again by 4p.m. oil Monday—in some instances by 11 or 12 m the forenoon. The Session is indeed slipping away, and if a day is going to be .wantonly wasted every now and then as last Friday was, there will, be many things " left undone that ought to' have been done " when the Go vernor sends hon. members home for their Christinas holidays. As might.be expected, an official visit to Pcutridge penal establishment by the Chief Secretary, accompanied by Mr- Topp, Under Sccrehn-y, and-; Captain -ISvans,-- inspcctor- Generai of Gaols, quite aliatteL-ed fctie doleful talcs told in Parbament by Mr: Humc Cook; M.-L.Ai, , about - the " jioor prisoners '? and the .?.« bad cooking " they.had- to put up with. It appears there.is no created thing,' however savage anil unlovely, but will have some sympathiser, as is ehown-hy the tale of thc two. little girls who. saw a .picture iii a gallery representing the early Christians being thrown to the lions. When they, came home Ethel said to her mother, '"Oh;: mamma, .we saw the, Christians being eaten "By 1 tlio lions, .-[Soot don-TK 1 " Edith jeinarked, Yea, but. oiie poor- lioii had no .Christian." - So Mr. Cook's concern for: the liuinan tigers in Pentndge inay be: understood, although it is strange a lawmaker -should look so : kindly on law breakers. •-•-.It appears tlie. facilities for teaching girls in • the .State schools" cookery arc < to be extended, and this is eertaiuly more sensible: than teaching boys sewing. As for bachelorssewing on tlieir buttons, every bachelor does notlive m the primeval bush or '-batch "—: so that surely his landlady or housekeeper, could: do this trifling service for him. ^ A> -regards the;,cooking, it should be taught iv private as well as State schools.: Every woman in the land should know how to cook—from the wife of the millionaire to the wife of • the labourer: There are many women who become heads of households who cannot-grill a. chop deccntlyy and have no idea;of serving cold meat up in any other way than the eternal "stew." It is certain that much; domestic misery and excessive drinking liy,.; the male membors ' of ^ the family. .-in-.::this- xolony.'.i8.-.catised'''by.'.|>lie: .wretched: pulipary.,. arrangeniisiito.' homes. And small means IB not always the reason—it isrthe: want of knowledge: The wife, of a. French: or German :peasant can often put on a, temptingjaud : savoury dinner -for .-her husband on Ills return 'from ; the fields;:-while the abetter, half of the wealthy English or Australian tradesman has only great "dollops" of fat meat and.greasy greens" to place on the table. ' ' ^ are bemgmade,about: tlie "Railway,Coinmissioucr^e fancy.for cattle-pits in lieu of level crossings. Of course economy is the object, as; the erection of gates, gatehouse, and wages of: a; gatekeeper, are-dohe awaywith.,-But-it,^eems:thattlieseeattle. pits -are little better than mere death-holes, and .if a- return was called- of the fatalities and casualties that have happened in con ueetion with them, people would bt astonished' aud. shocked. ; ' s Farmers and others should note certain alterations announced by the Government in legard to the Gredit Foneiei bond issues. The Commissioners: have decided that there : will be no ballot duiing. the-next five years, -The money wbichvniay bcconie.iavailable by farmer,?' repayments duriug, that, time will be-used tp repurchase bpnds." Tbe Gommis-- sipnershaveialsg.vraised the rate of brolieragc- to 10 J>er cent. Only a \eiy mild sensation was caused on Friday when-it »ab announced that the, hnolr-h.nflpp.nf iloll, u..„ I J g-He , na after l'T.h. Septembei itHTSi m « C | of wa„e be incre-isi.ol to £i 5 ei week for 43 hours work The emplujers refused !W concession so on the date mentioned thef hands ceased WOLJI with thenesult that the: employers dcpided to ad eitise foi other hands Bookbj di )g"isnoDa,veryintiici'l« art and I 1 ear a iiuijibet of fen les, bav t decided to pplj for positi ns y,! ich \ illji f- doubt Be jfforded them Tvo -pound K (twelve per week is .not, a bad H,age Hies A times theiefpre doubtless theStrikeis wilt' -Hud them eh es in theoi lenviablcjosition ofs the poor con ps ^ lio demanded morei wages at a mo t inopportune ton o Vhen the?! hnotype va just con m^, into ocue-v Torf the past 10 yeais the 1 Trades Hall has been: on the^> aue and""eifen 1 i^its -prime tji organisation only y ^ ed the f tted pig at- |thej,expens« of its folio raog nho di'covered wben too late it -was worse tl a 1 lie case ofthtfibhi d leadiffg ,Uie bb id J rftu mi g up starts 10 m as found 1 ad 1l3s iln.ir following hnto a Ji ipelessi t,t$te ]of woj klessutss gnu ry TheTeaaingfirm 1 nAhScity"dSmg fboo^hmding is now idvertisinfe that ill jt order Aic ^ ^ tuhied, < nfto/time without? 13aⅈ i^-i'MuJcity" Wl eJlreM inal e inqui 1 sj 0111 0 then. !,U8 to-xiT" •™SjflL oJ .J? ^ditioii^ to ihoVotfrj^y; ^elldresseapj^f Jspj^raVnaipiekpSclaig-nrereS ^Tiiotl e\ 