HOW TO BE SURE ONE IS RIGHT IN ORE’S FAITH. Sermon preached by the Rev. Dr Roseby, F.R.A.S., in Congregational Church, Ballarat, 26th September, 1599. Text. —Galatians V., 6, "F[?] in Christ Jesus neither circumcision av-Lc-th any thing, nor uncircumcision, but Faith, which worketh by love.” The creed of the Christian Church may be handled in two ways. It may be dealt with as a matter of controversy, or it may be treated as something to live by. And it will make all the (Inference in the world whether we treat it in the one way or the other. Let me illustrate the difference be tween by a familiar scientific reference. Astronomers have a. certain theory about tho earth and the sun. They teach that the sun is the centre of the solar system, and that the earth with” all the other planets revolves around him. But that was not always tho accepted astronomical theory. Threo centuries ago the theory of the earth and the sun was quite different. The earth, on that older theory, was not a planet at all. The theory -then was that the earth was the centre, not only of the solar system, but of the universe, and tile astronomers of that time were very sure about it all, aud were very unwilling to REVISE THEIR THEORY OF THE UNIVERSE. When Galileo discovered the four moons revolving around the planet Jupiter, and so proposed to add to the number of these moving bodies, he encountered the sternest resistance—“ Why,” they said, “how can there be more than seven planets? There are only seven notes in music; how can there be an eighth planet? There are only seven prismatic colors in the rainbow; how cm there be an eighth planet?” That was the way in which meh carried on the con troversy concerning the astronomical theory of the earth and the sun. But these different theories did not hinder men from using both the earth and tho sun. just as we use them ourselves to-day. Whatever bo our theory of tho sun and the planets it makes no practical difference. Men re gulated their clocks by the sun, and sowed their fields and planted vineyards in the season regulated by the sun; they provided against the melting snows; they enjoyed the heat and the light of the sun, just as much then as now; just as much on their theory as wo do on ours. And there is exactly the same distinction to be made between tho THEORY AND PRACTICE OF RELIGION. Multitudes of sincere and simple-hearted men have lived godly and holy lives with out ever having occasion to praise or dis cuss any of the vexed questions of theology. And there are some of these theological controversies—controversies which ever rent the world asunder —-which, from their practical unimportance, are now as dead as that old volcano Warrenheip. Take for example the controversy on what is known as the “double procession"—the addition nf the fiiioque in the Nicene creed. Whether did the Holy Spirit proceed from tho Father only, or from the Father and the Sen? That may seem to 11s a very re mote and speculative enquiry, but the Turk is at Constantinople to-day because the Eastern and Western Churches the churches of Constantinople and Rome were unable to agree upon the answer to be given to it. But for us to-day that con troversy is dead. It is one of those ques tions which we have practically agreed to leave until we can get the light of the fuller revelation of Eternity upon it. We have let the controversy die, as it were, a naura'. death. Thus, from two sides, we see how im portant is this distinction betwen a merely speculative and a practical faith. On the one hand there are multitudes of humble Christians whose faith is such as to enable them to live a pure and beautiful life, though they could never give their faith an theological expression. They could not ex p'ain the theory of the Gospel, but they can and do live the Gospel. And then, on the other hand, there are old theological controversies, which, by means of their merely theoretical character, we have agree:! to let die. they are dead and buried. They onee burned with the fierceness of a furnace, but we have come to see that they have no practical significance, and we have let their fires go out, we are no longer in terested in them. In other words we have come to em phasise THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN RE LIGION AND THEOLOGY. Theology is the science of religion. Beit the practice existed before the theory. Re ligion exists independent of theology. The chemist is able to tell us what are the elements found in the grain ot wheat. Ha tells ns of the carbonic acid, the water, the ammonia, the starch, potash and sul phur. which are contained in bread. He can tell you something of the process by which these constituents of the soil, and of the atmosphere, become built up into the tissue of that corn of wheat which makes the life of man; but bread existed before men bad discovered the chemistry of it, and bread still sustains the lives of mil lions who know nothing of its chemical constituents. Ask them. They will say— “We know what bread is; we know that we should die without it; we know that it is wholesome food; we eat it, and we live; but how broad comes to be what it is, of what elements it is compacted, how these ct'enieiits are put together: how the corn of wheat comes by them; this we cannot understand; this we do not know; but our ignorance of the chemistry of tho wheat plant does not hinder us eating the loaf— ‘cutting and coming again,’—and so by eating it, to live.’” Thank God that is =O. And, alas, thero is ANOTHER STDE TO ALL THIS. When we turn to the great and venerable articles of the Christian creed, we should almost, be disposed to say—“ Surely 110 one can believe these articles without finding in them tile means of transforming the life mid character.” And yet, alas, many a man is none tho better for this profession. He believes in God. but he is not himself Godly, lie believes in Christ, but lie does not follow in His steps. He believes in the Holy Spirit, but he does not yield to Ilis gracious and quickening power. He be lieves in “the congregation of faithful men.” but he is neither charitable to other Christians, nor a faithful disciple himself. Ho believes in the forgiveness of sins, but 110 neither forgives the faults of others, nor lias obtained forgiveness for his own. He professes to believe in "the life everlast ing,” but be lives only for the life that now is; and THE STRANGE THING IS You may find an extraordinary zeal—a fanatical persecuting zeal—oll behalf of the creed as a creed, while yet there is no prac tical concern whatever about living the corresponding life. The only sovereign in modem history wliGse reign exceeds in length that of Queen Victoria is Louis MTV. of France. Louis XIV. reigned 72 years. And what a reign! He was a powerful king. He was a dis solute man. And he was a superstitious bigot. In bis reign, ill IGSa, occurred that celebrated event—the revocation of the Edict nf Nantes—which was meant to be the universal death-blow to the Protestant religion. The wicked tyrant, who was the author of these cruel massacres, was one who believed in God; but the God in whom he believed was a malignant despot like himself. He believed in Christ, but the Christ in whom he believed was not the meek, lowly Jesus, but one like bis so called Vicar at Rome, Innocent XI.; he believed in the Chueli, but the Church in which he believed was a conspiracy against the freedom and progress of mankind. Of what value was such a faith? There is a terrible EXPLOSIVE CALLED NITROGLY CERINE. A substance more powerful than dynamite, exploded with a more violent and deadly efficacy; and yet when we enquire how this fearful instrument of destruction is made, wo find that one of the ingredients is a sub stance so sweet that its very name of glycerine is derived from its sweetness (glykys in the Greek meaning "sweet”). So with these terrible forms of persecut ing madness. They are an awful compound of all the fierce and malignant elements that can he collected from earth and hell. But you have to add the sweetness of re ligion; you can only raise these fierce pas sions to their deadliest potency by adding tlio sweetness of the gospel; and in the perversion of that sweetness, in its dia bolical transformation you get such a spirit as that of the religious persecut or! And thus we come to an understanding of what is meant by a Right and True Faith. A true faith is not simply consti tuted by a series of true articles. However true the articles may be, they ntay be held in a false spirit. Louis XV. of France prostrated himself before the higlAaltar on which 110 believed there stood the Body and Blood of the Atoning Christ, but lie wal lowed in tho mire of the foulest vices. Phillip 11. of Spain devoutly repeated the Athanasian Oreed every Trinit}' Sunday, but ho deluged the Netherlands with the blood of his own unoffending subjects, who only refused to allow him to rule over their consciences and their religion. We see men to-day joining in the responses of Christian worship ou Sunday, and on Mon day they Vfi , tali' iho Commandments of the Decalogue. ATRI'K FAITH MAY BE FALSELY ' . HELD; And whn u there is no such ghastly travesty , ; . hat is pure and good, no such fearful carle-.; raw of the Divine as that! I often think oi iks beautiful and search ing language of 'tlio iiturgy of the English Church, in that noble prayer, “That all who proles# and call themselves Chistians tnay hold the faith la unity of spirit, in the bond ox peace, and in righteousness of life.” T t is a prayer in terrible con trast to t'i passage in Paul’s Epistle to tlio Romans, which speaks of those who “hold the truth in unrighteousness.” And thus wo come to understand that to be sure that one is right in one’s faith, means see ing to it that our faith is one which ac tually inspires us to a Godly, a righteous, and a Christian life. It is not aquestion of dogma. It is not a question of exact definitions. The longer I live and the more deeply I meditate upon these subjects, the more I am impressed with the conviction that our knowledge and capacity are too limited for accurate definition. We think we know much, but the more we do know, the more diffident wo become, the more distrustful of our own ignorance and our own capacity to judge. It is not aquestion of dogma. Dog mas vary between church and church; and dogmas change from age to age. But the theory that does not change is Godliness. The thing that does not change is a pure heart. The thing that does not change is righteousness of life. If our faith is such that it makes us less worldly, less selfish, less proud, less covetous, less envious, less hitter; if it is “a faith that works by love, and purifies the heart;” if it is a faith Ilia:, makes us more kindly, more compassionate, sweeter in our temper and judgment; if it makes us humble; if its tendency is to make us “pure and peaceable, full of mercy and good fruits;” if it is a faith that lifts us above the world, above its meanness, its self-seeking, its greed; if our faitli is such as to conform us to the image of Christ, and to make us willing to follow in His steps, then for us it is a true faith. We may bo sure that we are right -in our faith when that faith thus purifies and uplifts and sweetens our life. And any faith that does that is a right faith. I re member onco speaking to a friend of mine an Anglican minister almost a mutual friend, who had married a Quaker, an es teemed member of the' Society of Friends. He was shocked; he was horrified. "What, this Christian girl has married a man who was unbaptised, and therefore as much a heathen as one of the negroes in New Guinea!” “Stay, my dear friend,’’ said I; “I know tlio man. He is as good a Christian as I tun, or as you are. And be wa.ro how you speak ill of a society which owns such men as John Bright and George Peabody, and has inspired so saintly a soul and life as that of Mrs Fry.’ It is no use. We cannot condemn this people. Their faith, imperfect as it is, neverthe less a faith that-lias made them among the gentlest and kindliest and most gracious of all the churches of Christendom; and therefore it is to them, as they practically hold it, a true faith. Let ours he such a faith.’ It docs not matter so much in what words we express it. Let it be a faith which lifts us above the world. Let it be a faith which enables us to “sit to gether in the heavenlies” with Christ Jesus. Let it be a faith which makes us set our affections on the Higher things, the idlings of the Spirit. Wo believe in God. Let us live godly lives. We believe in Christ; let us follow Him. We believe in the Atonement. What is that? We be lieve in Him, in “ the Lamb of God that taketli away the sins of the world.” Then let Him take away mine; let me not cling to it, but consent to let it go. W ebelieve in the Holy Ghost; “quench not the the Spirit.” AVc believe in Hie church ; let us live in sweet chaiity. with all its world wide membership. We believe in the for giveness of sins; let us also forgive them that are indebted to us. AVe believe in the life everlasting; let. us live as if we be lieved in it. And so with our faith; is suing in a life of love and unwor'.dliiiess and tenderness, shall become to us an assuraneo that we are right in it, and that it is a true, a vital, a saving faith. 