CIRCULAR NOTES. da ? \- The late Sir George Grey, Governor of South .Australia, twice Governor of New Zealand, and Governor of Cape Colour, and afterwards Premier of New Zealand, was one of the ablest and most ' far-seeing Pro- Consuls that the British Empire has ever seen. In his early days in the S3rd Regiment he ?was stationed in Ireland, and in after yoars he had ample opportunities in Australia, Maoriland, and ?the Cape to observe how the Irish people acted in , countries where they had free scope for their ener gies, His words regarding them have alwaya a 'kindly ring. ' Has it ever occurred to you,' he once observed to Mr. James Milne, hia biographer, 'how beautiful a contribution the Irish girl, driven to another land by starvation, has made to the development of the English-speakiag race ? What a stretch of Angl--Saxondom has be&n; peopled by her wages, hardly-earned in service, and sent home to Ireland for the emigration of her father and mother, her aisters and brothers ! She is a winning illustration of how the hard taskmaster— necessity- has been our architect for building up new nations. Ireland has been tortured and beaten, and her ?.?daughters nnd sons, in that torture, have done wondrous work for us.' o o o Sir George Grey never concealed his opinions re '-? sardine the religious persecutions and tyrannies practised in Ireland— the twin forces which have caused so much buffering and death to the heroic ' people of that island. Contemplating the plight to which the people of Ireland had fallen in his Boldiering days, Sir George exclaimed, ' What intellect and power were lost to the nation ! What must have been the yearnings and agonies under gone by so many noble minds, capable of great . rhin^a. nerhaos even of rescuing their country from the misery ? to which it had sunk ! Kemove such, people to a new atmosphere in the colonies, where their natural attainments could have just scope, and behold a fairy change! They would yield leaders of citizenship, men capable of shaping na 1 tions and legislatures, the laws which the old world would be glad to copy.' How wall these predictions of the great Pro-Consul have been borne out by the result of experience, not only in Australia, but in Canada, South Africa, and the United States. o o o Of the Irish race generally Sir George held the warmest feeling of regard. To him they were the owners of many virtues, and especially were they brotherly of nature, generous of heart, and chivalrous of action. The Irish peasant waB a figure of pathos hard to match in nisiorv. n* could not press her children to his heart, with the knowledge of being able tc leave them the very humblest heritage won from his toil. i atners and children, they could merely hope to obtain the tem porary use of a spot of land on which to exercise their industry, and what was the reward of all this labour? Hardly enough oould be retained from the proceeds to procure the meanest food and the most ragged of clothes. He succumbed to the failure brought by famine bred in evil days. lie died on the mountain glene, along the sea coast, in the fields, in his cabin, after shutting the door. He died ©i starvation, though sonifitimes food was near, im he had even lest the hanger sense of the w*ld b«ast. The book in whieh these sentiraents^are found—' Sir George Grey, the Romance of a Pro Consul,' by James Milne— should be added to every Irish and Catholic library, for it rarely happens that Buch liberal expressions as these are allowed to fa from the lips of English Governors, who above all people ought to know that they are founded upon truth. o o o In order to understand the unsettled condition of ? affairs in Italy it is necessary to study the life of ?Crispi, late Premier of that country, who is largely responsible for them. Modern Italy has produced two men who have materially influenced her des *;«„ The first xvaR Onvour. a Parliamentary states man, who did much to bring about the union of the various States. The second is Franeesco Crispi, '-who in his early days was an active vwiiotex of conspiracies, and the righthand man of Garibaldi in his revolutionary movements. For many years Lnspi was regarded aa a dangerous extremist, though eventuailv he professed to be guided by the motto ''The Republic divides us, the Monarchy unites us,' and so made his peace with the King. He. began as a conspirator as far baek as 1849 in company with Mazzini. A Sicilian by birth, but of Albanian extraction, Crispi always had a strong following in the South of Italy, and when, after playing the 'stormy petrel' of politics for many years, he eventually became Premier, great things were expected of him. He had the advantage of many years' experience m Parliament and also of being, like Sir Henry Parkes, the last of the old school of statesmen. At one time n:s personality was as great in Italy as that of Bismarck m German v. Though he twice held the post of ?,em'e™ however, Crispi failed to do anything Leat and his pandering to the mob left Italy me Sul 8tate °f unrest, and verging upon a wide spread socialistic revolution. . Cnspi's private Sracter was besmirched with scandal, and na ion n enormous expense for an army and navy and ?he enforcement of dra.tao conscription laws. Ultimately the defeat of the Italian troops at Adowah in Abyssinia, brought about the defeat of CrUpi and \e rLred from office amid the execra tions of the people, his whole policy haying proved a fa°hire CrispV* letter to Mazzini, giving reasons for changing from a Republican to a Monarchist, is choke reradfng and shows that both of these Italian lead«a were fn reality unprincipled opportunists. o o o The reports which have recently been laid before the Congress of the United States contain valuab.e lessons for all who -take an interest in military and navaUfVa rs The American fleet in less than halfan nour had destroyed the ironclad warships of Admi , pries was absolutely harmless in ^effect, so far as relucingthem was concerneu, «Uu ..«!»,«— — Xe welT-known fact that it is a waste o ! time and money to bombard earthworks. If the. «^ta at Sydney Heads had been composed of earthworks instead of stone, they would have been less like slaughter pens, more capable of resisting a bombard ment, and would have cost far less money. Ihe anti-septic treatment of wounds was very success ully practised in the war in Cuba, and as a result the percentage of recoveries among the wounded was larger than in any preceding war. Every sol dier carried a packet containing the mater al for anti-septic treatment, marked ' first aid to he wounded,' and this enabled the surgeons on the field to apply the remedy at once. L he Muwa Tifle used by the Spaniards, makes what the sur geons call a ?? humane' wound. It does not lacer ate the parts, and does not crush bones so as to render amputation necessary; and this fact no doubt aided in the recovery in many cases. o o o While teaching military authorities what to do, tfiese valuable reports also point out what should be avoided. The deplorable condition into which the American army fell after the capture of Santi ago was largely due to the neglect ot its com manders. There was a terrible lack of medical supplies other than those carried by the men them selves, and as a consequence much sickness. Over five thousand men, a fourth of the army, were down with various complaints. This was largely owing to the soldiers being compelled to drink contami nated water and mixing up with refugees who had contracted vellow fever. Not one oi the sick men was placed'in a cot. They lay on the ground in their blankets, which were soaked by the torrential rains. To use the words ot a letter sent by Colonel Roosevelt to General Shatter, referring to the Rough Riders: 'The whole command is bo weakened and shattered as to be ripe for dying like rotten sheep. matuwto u^»^» °' '' ~' ; Generals of Division and Colonels Wood and Roosevelt signed a round robin to General Shatter insisting upon the removal of the sick and wounded to the United States, and this eventually had to be done, though hundreds of the men died on the way to Montank Point, Long Island. All this conveys a necessary lesson to our own military authorities to look veil after medical comforts and other essential details. The mobilization of our forces at the last Easter encampment proved that we are somewhat weak in this respect, for our volunteers and par tially-paid men were subjected to a great deal of hardship, owing to the lack of food, &c.; o o o A good story is told in reference to the after claps of the Cuban war. Colonel Roosevelt, with the approval of General Wheeler, asked that the Rough Riders should be sent to Porto Rieo, because thev were ' as good as any regulars and three times as good as any State troops,' and 4000 of them 'would' be worth easily any 10,000 National Guards armed with black powder Springftelds or other archaic weapons.' This request brought ? back the following tart reply: 'The regular army, the volunteer army, and the Rough Riders have done well, but I suggest that unless you want to Bpoil the effects and glory of your victory, you make no invidious comparisons. The Rough Riders are no better than any other volunteers. They had an advantage in their arms, for which they ought to be grateful.' This letter was signed by R. A. Alger, Secretary *or War, who has since resigned. It is easy to see from the episode why he became unpopular with the leaders in the war. Does anyone know what a 'shivery howl la? If not, inquiry should be made of a young man in. law who recently went out on the Burrowa-road to meet a team of footballers returning from a match He got off his horse, and sat upon a fence with hia dog ?? Chook ' beside him. All at once « Shook' began to give utterance to what his owner called 'a. hiveryW.' He then remembered ♦?what his old man had told him many a time, that when a dog howls someone is going to die. bo he struck a light, and looked over the fence upon which he was sitting, and to his horror discovered that he had been reating near a grave. * hen hia dog gave another 'shivery howl,' and the young man made a rush for his horse and galloped through the bush at full speed. He fancied he could feel ' something breathing warm at the back of his neck, and just then a bough crushed across his chest. ' Let me alone !' he cried in his panic, and, dashing spurs into his horse, he made for a light that he could see some dUtance away. tte reached the house, jumped off, and 'id to the astonished owner: -Pleaw ^t me sit at the fire until the Yass footballers come along. The farmer consented, and, having heard the young mans story, entertained him with thrilling yarns concern in? the murders that had been committed on the creek, and asserted that it was a common thing to see ghosts. Then the footballers came along, and the young man jumped up on their vehicle, and related the story of the ordeal through which he had gone. They all knew the place was haunted, and the young man has since sworn that he will never visit the creek on the Burrowa-road again Thft YflfiK Courier, which tells the story at much greater length, does not say whether the young man has recovered from his tright or not. o o o It has several times been asserted that Charles Stewart Parfiell is not dead, but has simply gone into concealment for a few years to see if Ireland could get on without him. We do not know what warrant there is for such a statement, but Mrs. Pierce Mahoney is one of those who believes it. The credulous on the subject assert that no one who knew Parnell in his life ever saw his corpse, and that the supposed deceased statesman had been seen alive several times sinse his alleged death, m two instances by his own brother. It is asserted that quite recently he was observed at the window of Mrs. Parnell's country residence in England. 1 here was always something eerie about the Parnells, but the writer of the foregoing in tie Australian Nation is asking us to believe too much. What oi the doctor's certificate, and the undertaker s obser vations i No ; Parnell is dead enough, or he would have been back in Ireland long ago to have reunited the Irish Parliamentary forces, and once mor-j have raised aloft the flag of Home Rule. o o o Probably the most extraordinary gold watch chain ever manufactured in the world is now on exhibition in the shop of Stewart Dawson and Company, the famous jewellers of George-street and the Strand, Sydney. It is composed of 18 carat gold, and is about 20 inches long. 1 he name of its proprietor, Mr. Gooliff, of ;fSva, one of the Dutch East Indian Islands, is spelt in gold letters ia the chain, each letter alternating with the gold-ngure of a kangaroo, emu, opossum, ram, bull, dingo, &c.;, while in the middle is a golden figure of a atock rider on horseback. The letters are about halfan inch high ; the figures larger, the stockrider being largest of all. The whole forms a most unique ornament, but what the proprietor intends to do with the chain is not quite clear. Certainly, it ne walks about among crowds, or goe s to a circus or theatre, he will require the services of at least three policemen— two to watch the chain, and one to watch these watchers. Like all the work turned out by Stewart Dawson and Co., the chain is a splendid illustration of the goldsmith a art, and though special moulds had to be made for it, the whole production was completed in ten days from receipt of the extraordinary order. ooo Preparations are already being made for the next Presidential election in the United States. Jhe Republicans seem to be agreed that Mr. W. M'Kinley and Mr. Hobart shall each have a second term as President and Vice-President respectively, and there is quite a boom in their favour. bo far there is no prominent man out on the Democratic side, save Mr. W. J. Bryan, of Nebraska, the former opponent of Mr. M'Kinley. There is, how ever, a strong opposition to Mr. Bryan m the ranks of what are called the Gold Democrats-that is the Democrats who believe in the gold standard— and it is said that « 16 to 1,' or the free silver ery, is the best aid Mr. M'Kinley ha*. The latter will go for re-election on an endorsement of his successful war policy, and there can be no doubt that the cry will appeal strongly to the American heart. On the other hand, Mr. Bryan has a strong personality, and as there i« a grave opposition to the policy of expansion, or Aru-rican Imperialism, he will, with the assign. -c« of the Free-ailventee, Populiste, and Socialism, be a difficult roan to beat. The people of the United States are so satis fied with M'Kinley's Protective policy that no effort will be made to alter that this time. 