ROMANCE OF AN ACTRESS. FEOM THE PALACE TO THE GABBET. At the last Salon in Paris a planter bunt of . Mile. Clairon, by the sculptor, Henri Gauquie, in collaboration with the architect, Guillaumo, attracted considerable attention. Nov; tho French journals announce that the ' friends of the drama in l'runce propose to have a marble copy of thin bust erected in the public square of the town of Conde-sur. ISscant, the birthplace of La Clairon. Clairon was tho Bernhardt of her time She was so puny as a baby that immediately after her birth bIio waa, lik« Voltuiie, hurried to the church to be baptised, But when the chinch was reached it was found to be closed. The parsonage, too, was empty. The priest and his vicar were at a masquerade bail, for it was tho day of tho town carnival, and the priest was helping his parishioners to cele brate it. The baby waa carried at once to the ballioom, where tho piiest was disguised as a harlequin and the vicar as a clown. They judged the baby's condition to be sufficiently critical to demand immediate attention. So they stopped Itlc music then ! and there, and taking the necessary materials , from a sideboard, performed the rite. But they need not have been in such haste, j for the life-thread of the baby was not to be ] cut uiilil 79 years later. They called the ' baby Claire; her full name ia given as Claire- '' Hippolyte-Josephe Legrisde JLatude. Clairon had a harsh mother, who used to punish her • by locking lier up in an isolated room. 1 Opposite to this room Jived Mile Dangeville, ' who became one of the greatest of soub- j rettes. Clairon UBed to see her taking sing- j ing lessons and lessons in dancing; she used to see her receiving the praiso and encourage- 1 ment of her family; Bhe waB pained at the j difference between her own life and that of ! her neighbour, and what Bhe saw and felt | fired her with an ambition to become an 1 aclresB. The first visit tht Ulairon made to a | Ihealre had sjeh ao effect on her that during the -whole tiino of the play and the rest of | the evening: she could not be made to speak, j She says, in her " Memoirs," that after re turning t'rom the theatre, the only thing she heard that night was the command, 14 Go to f bed, you big gootse 1" She ran off to bed only to remain awake, going over in her mind all j that she had seen and heard at the theatre. { The next rooming she astonished her friends , and lelatiyes by repeating more than a hund- j red verses of the tragedy and about two thirds of the little play. Bnt this did not J please her mother. She said she would rather her daughter knew how to make a j dress or a night-gown. Still the child per sisted in following the course that she had 1 mapped out for herself, and blows and piaps , were powerless to turn her. Threats to ] starve her, and to break her bones if she did , not work, only angered her to the point of , exclaiming—" Kill mo, then, at ouce, for i otherwise I shall go upon the stage!" I At length she became the pupil and after- ( wards the rival of the celebrated Marie Fran coise Dumesnil, and her interpretation of { Corneille, Racine, and Voltaire led Bachau mont to say—" Hardly is she announced be fore the house is filled; the moment she ap pears site is applauded with the utmost en thusiasm; shs is the most finished work of art; she is Melpomene embellished by Phidias/' "while at the height of her fame Clairon was visited by countesses and piin cesses. She was the intimate of such men as Marshal de Richelieu, J. F. Maimontel, the Marquis de Ximenes, aud the Margrave of AnspacK Louis XV. himself came to see her, and of him 3he said to Mmo. do Pompa dour:—f< Ho owes hiB royalty to chance, 1 owe mine to genius." For her unrulioess she was impiisoned in ' Fort TEveque. She transformed her prisou into a banquet room, giving sumptuous suppers. The carriages of her visitors weic lined up outside the prison door, as though in front of the door of a hotel. Her per sonal appearance at tta/> age of 22 or 23 was thus described by a contemporary: " She is extremely pale: her head is handsome, and her eyes are large and full of fire. Her mouth is ornamented with beautiful teeth, and her throat is well placed. She arises without affectation, her fona is graceful, and she haB a very modeBt address. Without being an accomplished beauty she is a person that anyone would call charming." But Clairon was not alone great as an actress; her writings relative to the roles of her repertoire have been pronounced ex cellent pieces of literary criticiern. Among 1 other things she wrote a manual for players, 1 entitled '* Reflexions but la Declamation Theatrale." She is credited with having been the first to conceive the idea of a con servatory where actors should receive all the instruction necessary in their art, and she is said to have b>en among the first to see the powerful effect produced by thn realism of the English stage. French drama has oeen adjudged to be greatly indebted to her for what she did to introduce into it an element of resemblance to truth. She effected a revolution in costumes, ridiculing the ideas of playing ttoxana, one of hsr triumphs, in robes a la Francais. Yet, in spite of her genius and intelli gence, Claiion was superstitious. This has been attributed to the effect of the ghost stories ant! tales of witchcraft with which her childhood was filled. In the story of her , life she relates as a fact that a suitor whom sho had rejocted sent tor her to visit him on his deathbed: that she refused to go; that at 11 o'clock in the evening, whon Bhe gave the refusal, the company assembled at dinner in her house heard a strange and piercing cry of anguish; that she fainted: and that every evening at the same hour the same cry waR heard ! A few weeks later the cry ceased, but in its place came a pistol Bhot through tier window. Everybody saw the Hash, but the window remained whole. Detectives were set to watch in the belief that some sor vant. was playing a trick, but at the same hour night after night the samo tiling occurred, and nobody could be seen. One night when Clarion was taking fresh air on a piazza tbe shot occurred ut the usual hour, and sho felt a strong slap upon her cheek. Another time when she wus riding past the house where the rejected suitor died three shots were fired through the windows of the coach. The coachman thought it was an attack of robbers and whipped up the horses. The allots, after several nights, gave place to hand- claps,which were followed in their turn by an enchanting voice singing a beautiful and touching air.Oneday an old lady dressed in black called to seo Allle. Clairon. She waa a relative of tlio rejected one, and she told the great actress that, having been with liiiu in his last moments, she heard him exclaim when informed of Clairon's refusal to visit him—" [ shall follow her when I am dead, us I have followed her in my lifetime!" At last the great Clairon fell into disfavour and sank back into her original poverty. Dressed in wornout clothes, she lived during her last days in a singlo room, which sho was forced to sweep herself. Sho was buried in the Cemetery of Pere la Chaise. For u long time her tomb' was neglected, but lately the Comedie Krancaise has had it repaired. Such is the story of La Clairon who is called the foremost tragic actress of the eighteenth century. A French journalist said of her— " Stir started from nothing and to nothing ahe returned, after having swung round the ciicle that passes over the peaks of glory." 