SUIT OF OLD CLOTHES. i By Detective McGovas, Every one in Edinburgh knew Mr Jacob West, if not by namo at least by his peculiar and old-fashioned style of dress. He wore a very broad-brimmed hat, made especially for him, a dark green coat with brasB buttons, a waistcoat of shepherd tartan, oaris trousers, au« .0" gaiters, and this costume he never varied, summer or winter. When he walked in to the 4< reception room " in tho Central, therefore, and asked for me 1 promptly turned to him and laughingly said ; 44 Good-morning, Mr West — you are tho last man I should have expected here." , 44 Right, Mr M'Govan 1" he promptly responded, with a look of relief. 44 Now, before 1 say a word to you just tell mo if you think 1 am a madman or one who could do a thing without knowing he had done it?" 1 hesitated, for though 1 had no doubt as to his sanity, 1 nevertheless thought him, like most old bachelors, a little eccentric. He was a clear eyed man of 55, clean- shaven, and grey-haired almost to whiteness, with a quick and decisive style of speech which gave the idea of a mind equally ready, but there is no say ing what a person living alone may do, so I shuffled a little. 44 1 think you are no more mad than 1 am," wob my reply ; but that may not be Baying much, for Mrs M4Govan has often hinted that 1 am not quite right in the head." 44 Humph 1" he emphatically grunted, 4 just like these detestable women — with them it's always tho man that'B mad, never themselves — and it's so in this case. My housekeeper, after being with rao for ten years, has robbed me— yes, sir, robbed me, and now coolly adds insult to injury by saying that I did it myself — myself !" he added, stamping about in a rage, and thumping the floor with bis silver-topped cano. 44 That's wnere tho sting comes in j that's what has roused me aud brought me here. 1 might have home the robbery, but not the insult — oil no, not the insult 1" 44 Begorra, ye're right there, sor M'Swceny hastened to observe with a sig nificant glance at me. 44 When another man thinks he's better than you it's time to strike out ind not lave him a feather to fly wid." ' 44 All my Mips and coins and Queen Anne silver gone, with my King George medal, weighing about four ounces !'' groaned West, taking no notice of my chum's remark. 44 1 would rather she had taken £200 —they were worth more tome. But fou will get it all back for me, Mr M'G«. van— they say you are very clever — and I believe the very sight of you will scare her into confessing and dis gorging. It is quite impossible that 1 could be at the theatre and at home carry ing ofl my own property at the same time, isn't it ?" 44 Yes, unless you have a twin brother who dresses exactly like you," Z laugh ingly replied. 44 1 have not a relative in the world," he promptly assured me, 44 and no one dresses like mo, so the woman's slatemant is absurd. Here is a list of the thingB taken so far as I can remember them," and he 2>roduced a closely-written paper nearly as long as my arm, and handed it to me. 44 li it were an ordinary thief 1 should say that you might try the anti quarian dealers for the plunder, but 1 feel sure that my housekeeper has it all stowed away in her trunk." 44 Faith, that's what 1 think too, yer honor," emphatically observed M4Sweeny. 44 Them women is shlippery craturs, and always does the thing ye don't expect ov them— when ye lack for a kiss they gives ye their nails, and when ye lack for their nails, sure, they falls on yer neck and kisses ye all over." 44 Then by your reasoning the woman must be innocent," sharply retnrned West. H4Sweeny looked . staggered., but promptly answered : 44 Divil a bit of reasoning in it, yer honor, except that I think the Jezebel guilty." 44 Did she look guilty when you accused hor ?" 1 eaid, for my suspicions rau in another direction. 44 No, that's the mystery to me," re turned West. 44 1 was amazed at her persistence, and made her go over her story again snd again, snd it never varied. She says that about an hour after 1 went to the theatre — that is about eight o'clock —I came back and rang the bell and was let in by her, carrying a cat pet bag iu my right hand. 1 never do ring the bell, by the way, but use a latch-key, so that's her first slip. I walked straight in, without speaking, she says, and she went back to the kitchen. She heard me moving about In the parlor for a little, and then heard me go towards the front door, and came to the kitchen door to look out. 1 was just going oat with the bag in my hand, packed fall as it appeared, and she a&id;, Will ye be long out 7 but I banged to the door without answering, and never appeared till nearly twelve o'clock. Did you ever hear such a cock and ball atoryr 44 Did she say anything about it, then V X asked. AiNota word, and as 1 had bad supper ' J did not happen to go into the parlor till this morning, when 1 found my curios all gone— except the copper ones— confound ert except the copper ones— they were all left." 44 X should like to see this woman," I said, as he concluded. 44 Begorra, so would 1," added M'Sweeny. 4< I'd not be half an hour wid her before I'd soothe her out of the secret" 44 Well, you shall have your chance," I arid, with a laugh, should she not con- 1 fees when I go oat." Thus settling the method to be fol lowed, I took down the list and accom panied West back his little cottage at Hie Soiennes. It was bnt a fonr-Voomed house with a tiny garden in front and a small green behind, but 1 notioed that the case in which the curios hod been kept could be seen quite well from the street outside . Some brass and copper articles, though really as valuable as the silver ones, had been carefully shunned by the thief, thus proving, that ho was not a collector bat a very ignorant criminal, with an eye only to tho molting-pot. X had the housekeeper called in, and have to confess that her appearance father pleased me. She was a plain- looking woman of about 45, but had nothing secretive about her expression and she repeated tho story of the rob bery exactly as hor master stated it to me at the Central. 44 How did you come to admit a stranger without question in your mas- tor's absence f X quietly asked as she coucluded, when her face flushed up in dignantly 44 1 didna admit nae stranger,' she sharply answered. 44 It was Maiater West I let in." 44 But — but, my good woman, 1 gently persisted, raising my hand to stop a furious buret from WeBt. 44 Do you not see that It was quite impossible that your master sould be here and in the theatre at the samo time 1 He went there with a friend and had supper with the same man, and was not near the house till nearly midnight ; besides, it was dark at eieht o'clock, so you must have beeu mis taken." 44 Dae ye think I'm daft?" said the housekeeper angrily. " It could only be him or his ghost, and I'm nae believer in ghosts. Nobody else is dressed liko him." Rather an awkward pause onsued, then I mustered courage to say : 44 1 supposo you have no objection to my seeing what you have in your box 1 " 44 There's the key — 1 waut ye to search through it to clear my character," she very promptly answered, with an indig nant look at hor master, and bb she tossed down the key, which she had been holding ready in ber hand, I mentally whistled for the plunder, for 1 certainly did not expect to get it in lier trunk. We went in solemn silence to bcr sleeping place, and she pointed to the box, which I opened, while her master stood looking on with great eagerness. There was a good stock of dresses and other clothing, and a bank-book containing entries to the amount of nearly JCG0, but not a trace of the stolen curios. 1 searched every pocket and also the pockets of some drosses hanging close by, and then returned tho key. I then as carefully searched tho whole house, and also the garden and grccu, but iu the end was convinced that tho plunder was not in either. When 1 was finished West followed me to the gate, and anxioosly inquired what 1- thought. 44 Well, 1 confess 1 am puzzled ; but I am iuclined to believe that woman inno cent," 1 soothingly answered. He gave a fierce grunt, and turned away in a rage. 4 What's the name of that other detec tive 1 saw at the office 1 " he snappishly exclaimed. 41 Bernard M'Swceny." 44 Humph, he's a much cleverer detec tive than you 1 " 4i He is not without cleverness of a kind," I politely answered, " and he often succeeds best where ho blunders most.' 44 Ay, let him have a chance io blunder in this case, then," grimly ordered West. 44 1 want some blundering of that kind. You are far too clever for mc." 4< 1 do not feel any cleverer than other | folk, and never profess to be," 1 wearily replied. "All that has boon said to the opposite effect has been said by others, who probably know nothing about it. 1 ! rather think this is a case of clover im personation." 44 Bosh 1 No one could personate me," he grulfly answered, aud he snatched off his huge, Qnaker-like hat and added, 44 There's not another hat like that in Edinburgh. I get them made to order." 44 Like enough, but the man who could supply you could Eupply one of my bairns," 1 smilingly answered, 41 If you were a tliief and stood here looking in at that case filled with silver and gold, you would not lei the want of a hat stand in the way, would yoa ?" He seemed staggered, and abated his wrath a little, and finally took me to a hatter in the centre of the city, from whom wc learned that he at least had supplied no ode with such a hat as that worn by West, and all the other hatters we tried made the same answer. Out of pure contrariness M'Sweeny persisted in bslieviug the housekeeper to be the thief, and insisted that she was only feathering her own nest before leaving, and he seemed to be confirmed in this opinion by the fact that she had that morning given West notice that she 1 would leave his service at the coming ' term. M'Sweency also gave it as his opinion that he himself was capable of worming the secret out of her iu half-an- hour, so we decided to give him a chance. At my request, Mr West wrote out a note to the housekeeper, which he handed to M'Swceny, and which read as follows "Dear Sir, — Please call on me on Friday night about 8 o'clock. If I should be out, wait till 1 come. J. West." 44 1 thall be out till ten o'clock," said the bachelor as he handed over tho note, 44 which will give you two full hours to do the work." 44 Faith, lees would be miles too much," said M4Swceuy, whose confidence in his power of bewitching the fair sex will never leave him on this side of tho grave. 44 If any mortal man can roultaver the secret out of the Jezebel it's mo." 44 Do bo, and you shall not be without your reward," waB the grateful reply, and though West had been so short with me, it gires me pleasure to record that in that saying, at least, he proved a true prophet. The future, however, iB a sealed book to most of ob, so M4Sweouy went to the Sciennes that night with a light stop and an oxultant heart. There was no other servant in tho house, so the door was opened by Jane Shepherd, who looked at bim very suspiciously, keeping tho door on the chain. 44 I've called to see Mr West, and I'm to wait if he's not in," M4Sweeny began, fixing her with his fascinating eye. 44 He's no in," said the housekeeper, dubiously. 44 He said a gentleman wicht call, but ho said naetbing aboot a mas like yen." 44 Sure, ine darling, can't a jewel-caso- maker be a gentleman," said M'Sweeny, still keepiug his eye hard at work. 44 I'm to make a jewel case so strong that thaves can't get at his treasures, bat by the core of my heart there's ono jewel here that I'd like to carry off wid me though I am transported ever after," and his hideous smile and red mat of hair and bristles did their usual magic, for the woman softened and simpered and began to ando the chain of the door. 44 Then you're a thief in disguise?" she said, pretending to be still doubtful of him. 44 I'm not, but, begor, I'd like to be, wid you for the jewel," ho said, with en thusiasm. 44 But I'm thinkin' ye'ro too well off here to take a place as house keeper for life to a dacent jewel-case maker." 44 Ou, as to that," said Jane, with a screw of the mouth, 44 this place is nae tbing to brag o', and, though I'm 30 past, there's nao saying what micht happen if that auld doovil o' a minster keeps up hU tantrums. He's daft, fair daft 1 and aye tbo auldcr the waur !" 44 Ye don't say so, mc jewel 1" sympa thetically responded McSweeny, and, as he was now within the lobby, he took ad vantage of her shutting the door to kiss her very neatly. She screamed a little, of coorso, and slapped his face with some energy, but to a case-hardened sinner like him that was nothing, and they passed on towards the kitchen the best of friends. She was 45 if she was a day, but a woman is never so old as to give op thinking of marriage, or 10 doubt its being bettor than a single life, aod this one nailed ibis visit as a perfect godsend under the circumstances. McSweeny was not a beauty, but he was big and strong, and that was a good deal to a woman who hod not been run after for 15 years. 44 There's your master's letter, mo dar ling," he eaid when tbey reached tho kitchen aud got comfortably seated, 44 and tho loiger he kcops away the hap pier I'll be,'1 and he ki«sed her again, and web less resisted than before. 44 Ye're jist joking" she pontingly re marked, 44 and men are each deceivers/' . "Some may bo, me darling," he promptly admitted, 44 but I'm not wan ol 'that kind. I never kissed a woman in my life beforo, and 1 couldn't keep from it this time if I'd been shot far it I" 44 Get awa' wi' ye I Ye sever saw me before," cried the housekeeper, affecting to scout his story, but in her heart be lieving every word. 44 Haven't I? Begorra, fifty times— washin out the dure steps there and eingin Uke a lark in the dews of the mornin'. Sure when I saw your white arms, bared to tho elbows, workin' at thim steps, 1 lost me heart cntoirely, and says 1 to meself says 1, 4 That's tbo lass for you ; ye'Il nivcr know a minit's pace till ye get that wan 1" 44 Eh, ye're an awfu' man 1" she pro tested, iu a flatter ot pleasure. 44 I'm Bare I'm rael ugly 1" 44 That's a matter 0' taste, me jewel — ye'ro a beauty to me, and that's every thing," said McSweeny, with an inward writhe, as he pulled on a look of rapture, and iu this way he filled up a good half hoar till the housekeeper so far unbent as to produce a cold joint left from the dinner and some bitter alo, which she set before him, and which McSweeny had no scrapie whatever in wolfishly devouring. While he feaBted aud drank, Jane poured forth an account of the strange robbery, and McSweeny was surprised to Gad that it tallied iu every detail with the account already given by her to her maBter and j me. \ 44 If ho gangs on thut way muckle longer I doubt I'll no he long here," Bhe eaid, with a suggestive sigh. 44 I've saved a pickle siller, and I'm no behaaden to ony master." 4< Och, don't begin spakin' that way, for it's as good as sayiu' yo'll turn up yer nose at a poor man like mo !" cried McSwecuy, between his huge mouthfuls, with an attempt at a heartbrokon look. 44 Maybe ye think I want somebody able to furnish a house for me ?" 44 Hout, ye're nao better nor yer nee- bors," she playfully responded, with a tug at lus red bristles, 44 and £40 wad gaug a gey length in furnishing." McS weeny's jaw fell a little. If £00 was all she possessed, what had she got for the £200 worth of curios stolen from her master 1 He began to tiiink that she was deeper than he had given her credit for. 44 Sixty pounds 1 Sixty gold sove reigns 1" he exclaimed, with forced rap ture. 44 Me jewel, it's a fortune!" aud he stopped gorging to give her two greasy kisses. 44 Aye, and there's maybe mair than that, ""she said, with drooping eyes and a soft blush. 44 Ye don't tell mc so," said McSweeny, now certain that he was on the point of getting at the information he sought, and he so far denied himself as to push away his plate and get his arm round the gentle gazeile to enconragc her to confess. What might it be now, mavourneen V' 44 Hi, hi ! 1 diuna Jike to tell ye," alio coyly giggled. 44 It was some presents 1 got aneo when 1 was— was thinkin' o' get- tin' married." 41 More power to yo ! Maybo it was gold ana silver?" softly suggested M'Swceny. 44 Oh, better than that !" she blushingly whispered, with her head sinking ou to his manly coat collar. 41 Good for you!" he rapturously re sponded, though he thought that nothing could be better than gold aud Bilver, especially in tho form of curios. 44 Ye needn't be keepiu it sacrct from me, darling." 44 It's blankets aud sheets," she slowly confessed. 44 aud— aud— 1 dinna like to tell ye." ' Sure, ye must tell 111c, or how can 1 trust ye ?" he pleaded with several kisses and hugs. "Well, it's— it's a cradlo !" she blurted out at last, M'Sweency gave a horrible start, for ho was terribly disappointed, but managed to conceal his chagrin sufficiently to say, in a suggestive tone— 44 Sure, a cradle's very useful iu its way, but is there anything in it V Re meant, of course, the stolen curios, but the housekeeper's thoughts bad been elsewhere, for she indignaotly started back and said — 44 What dae ye xncau, sir V 44 Nothing, me dailing — nothing at all ; but 1 thought that maybe there might be iu it a little troasure, as a body might aay---— " He did not pet the blundoring sentence finished, for Jane had Btarted up and edged towards the sink, in which was a basin of dish water. 44 And ye tak' me for ane 0' that kind, dae ye ?" she cried, in a shrill louo. 44 A treasure in it — a wee treasure !" and before M'Sweeny could stammer out a word of apology she snatched up the big basin of dish water and dashed it into his face. 44 Me sweetest jewel, it's all a mis take !" he roared, staggering to his feet pulling and blowing, and trying to get the horrid stuff out of his eyes and ears. 41 The treasure 1 meant iv&s; gold and silver things, like thim that waB tuck from your master." 44 Oh, that's waur 1 then ye1 tak me for a thief, dae ye ?" she screamed, and then she ran at him and tore out a big handful of his red hair, and at the same time deftly removed some stripB of his face with the nails of the other haud. Retaliation was impossible under the circumstances, so M'Sweeny madly groped for the door and made a dash along the lobby. The outer door was closed, and before he got it open the enraged woman had made another terrific wrench at his hair, which nearly dislocated his neck. Then ho got out into the open air, and had reached the gate before he remem bered that ho was hadess. He hesitated for a moment whether ho would go on without a hat or turn back aud face tho housekeeper, but while he stood in doubt the door opened, and his hat came spinning out into bis face, and then the door closed with a bang, and was doable- locked and chained from within. 44 Tare au' ouns, but 1 don't envy the man who gets her," was his saga comment as he picked up his hat, and smoothed out its creases. 44 Begorra, a little of that goes a great way !" and ho sadly returned to tho Central to report 44 no progress." A day or two later I was in a broker's shop in the Cowgato looking over some soft goods wliich he had just bought when in turning out the things a single silver coin rattled on to the floor. 1 took it, and finding it to be au ancient one I asked where he got it and why its purchase was not ontered in his books. He professed to know nothing about it, bat when 1 threatened to take him with me he ad mitted that he had bought it and some more from a man named Dave Diamond. Diamond X knew to be a smart thief, who on that account was known as 11 The Cutler," but tho mystery was as far as ever from solution till I found that Dave was living with an old man who made bis living by buying old clothes, and in bant ing np that old man I unexpectedly came upon a clue to the secret. The old clothes man lived in a ricketty land in the Horse Wynd, and taking M'Sweeny with me and planting him at the bottom of the stair to prevent mistakes, I went up to interview 41 The Cutler. 11 That was at about eleven o'clock in the morning, and of course, Diamond, having been drinking hard tbo sight before, was still in bed, and 1 had him handouffed before ho was properly awake. In one corner was a great heap of old clothes which the old clothes claimed as his lawful property, and amongst them I found a complete suit and a largo hat, rather shabby and worn, but identioal with those used by Mr West. When 1 questioned the old man as to how these articles came to hs in his possession, he swore that he had bought them in the ordinary course of business from West's housekeeper, and this statement was afterwards proved to be correct. I helped "The Cutler " fa>1 i dress, and in doing so reliovod him of ono gold medal, weighing above four ounces, which hB had not had the heart to part with, and that was identified by Mr West as his property. Diamond at first disclaimed all knowledge of the heavy gold piece, which, he asserted must have been Blipped into his trousers' pocket by some evil-disposed person, but a few questions to the old man elicited the fact that on the night of the robbery Diamond had gone out masquerading in Wests old suit and hat, with tho addition of a grey wig borrowed from Gilo's Bhow ; so he thought better of it, and confessed when he reached the Central. Through Mb confessions I was able to recover more than two-thirds of the stolen curios, and West, when ho got the heavy gold piece taken from Diamond's pockety al most wept with joy. I have certainly 3een a recovered lost child cause less emotion. In consideration of his con fession Diamond got off with six months imprisonment. M'Swceny got off with some valuable experience, and though he was invited hack by West's housekeeper, he only shuddered and shook his head. 