Original Story. LIPFY'S LUCK, ' A Miner's Christmas Story, (By PAUL TWYFORD.) I all bights BKSKBVJtn I met Jexon ia tho street ; he : looked pale and miserable — like a : ghost. No wonder 1 The man's j finances weie at the lowest possible Mebb, his hunger unappeused, his clothes shabby and worn, and withal +1,,. ,lm.. 1J i u txy YY car? LU1U ULltl IUIoca able. . lie recognised me; .in fact the recognition was mutual ; yet I passed him by. There wore old associations ; not desirable to be renewed. I I Jurneil to in order to see whither he I shaped his footsteps, and lo, he had ; stopped in his Bhuflling walk and was I /"looking at me. lie grinned; so did J I.' Then ho came up to mo and ! poured forth his troubles. They jvere many and, to some extent, I _ sympathised, though, as I had been i ' had ' before, I was wary. Ho pro duced a small vial from his pocket, j Look at that,' he said. I did look, ainl took the bottle in my baud. It held about two penny weights of gold and I told him so. . 4 That's the exact weight,' lie said ; I 4 nice gold, ain't it?' |- I nodded, nothing more. I knew Jexon, and wasn't taking any bogus r gold venture just then. lie knew mo too, and knew that where there was a bit of gold to be f got, I Was as keen as a terrier after a rah Jexon and I bad foregathered in days .. gone by. Wo had I been co-agitators, labour men, and socialists. Joxon was also a rabid temperance advocate, but in that 1 could not follow him. Jexon was an unlucky fellow too, ho could never make any headway iu j anything, and it was not for lack of j energy either, for he was full of it. j Latterly ho fi?ad gone in for gold digging, at least ho said so, and I had no reason to deny it, though I confess I was sceptical, jf Anyway, there was tho gold and i this is tlmffifcry he told mo : 4 There's six of us, and we're upon . | the ' (name of the river whispered in tr'iny car) 4 and that is a sample of. the gold we have found.' u " II o stopped abruptly, but I on- couraged him to proceed, ' Well, why we want help.' '1 daresay. IMosl new chum jLpiiuors do, especially men of your 'Now, don't be hard on a cove. You're a lucky one, you are, and oughter have a little feeling for them as isn't.' ' Can you put me on to anybody ?' asked Jexon, after a pause. ' I might ; but it iB hard to trust men gold mining. I know men who might help you, after they have helped themselves, and I also know you.' Oh, stow it. Let bv-gones be by gones.' 'Very well. By-the-bye, where's the missus and kids ?' ' In a bad way. Keeping a penny Lash house in street. How she's lived while I've been away God only knovvs. But Lippy (my name, I may state, is Lipscombe— Alfred Lipscombe) she's a stunner.' : ' She is, I believe. Bad job for her that ever she married you, Jex.' 4 Y-e-s, perhaps so ; but — well, what about the gold ?' 4 Nothing. I'll give you no advice Lest it come home to me, and I must | know more about it before 1 move a I hand's stir. Will you have a drink?' | 4 You know I won't.' I 4 Not of hot coffee ? Here's a place and you look cold enough to freeze a I fellow. Come in anil get warmed.' | The man's face relaxed, and his heart, I knew, was gladdened, not j only by the fumes of hot coifee, but j by the hope that I was relenting, j 4 To be honest with you, Lippy,' he said, 4 1 don't want money, that is I ' don't want to sell ; we think too much of it, and only require as much j money as will provide tucker for a i few months.' 1 4 Is that all ? What about tools?' i 4 We have plenty, but we can't work without tucker.' . 4 True ; but how did you get to : Sydney ?' 4 Walked every step of tho way,' \Tbe fellow seemed so earnest, so eager, and withal, so moderate, that .1 did relent, and quickly summing up matters in my own mind, I made : this proposition to him : 4 Well, Jex, I will help you. I'll i go with you and attend to the laying : out of my own money. I am going up to in order to see what's ; what, and if it suits my book, I'll keep you and your mates in return ! for an equal share free of all further expense to ine, subject to this con dition : that I can stop supplies at any moment I like; and further, that the cost 'of food and any other expense I may be put to will be a lirsc charge on the washings.' , 4 Agreed. You're a brick, Lippy ;' and he eagerly gripped my hand. 4 Now, Jex, show me where you 'ive ? lie hesitated, but, after consider ing a bit, led the way. The neigh bourhood was a frowsy one, and the penny hash house uninviting in the extreme. Yet there were there a dozen men or so sitting in the sparely furmshed 4 reading room' smoking. I told her what I was going to ao, I and she thanked me in her quiet I- unobtrusive way. Upon leaving I slipped a bank note into Airs. Jexon's band. At the appointed time Jexon met me at the railway station. His swag i was a light one, but that wasn't my 1 msiness. Anyhow, I shared my rugs with him in the car. Arriving at we Lad to nego ti ll te a twenty mile coach ride, and i lien a walk of two miles brought us ! io the claim. I I knew the country, as I had been j there in the early days, and saw but j few changes. Jexon took me to the hut. It was noon, and- yet there was no sign of ! work. On a fire in the open was a billy, and sitting by it two hang-dog looking fellows smoking ; inside were three others, equally unprepos sessing, sitting at a table playing euchre. They looked np for a mo ment and resumed their game. 4 This is a new mate I have brought you— an old friend of mine who has promised to help us,' said Jexon, in a pleasant sort of way, his face all smiles. 4 We ain't got nothin' to eat, bo can't ask ye to 'ave a bite.' 4 What I Haven't you got a bit of gold ?' 4 Gold be . Where can we get gold?' Which sounded bad for my venture. 4 And haven't you been trying ? asked Jexon. 4 What bloomin' rot ; you know we can't work an' we starviu'. Why. we can't even get a drink o' milk from the old cocky down yonder.' I said nothing, but studied the crowd with some curiosity. I learned from Jexon that the cocky kept a store. I gave him some money to purchase meat and bread, sugar and tea — nothing else, I was goiDg to try an experiment. I could live as hard as any one, and naturally ex pected others to do so when neces sary. The food was procured, and and the men tucked in a pretty good tightness of fried mutton and home made bread, moistened with, panni kins of tea. There wa3 no stint, and I noticed that the chaps had 4 sweet teeth,' for there was a big run on the sugar bag. Jexon gave up his stretcher to me and slept on the floor; it was pretty cold and I halved my wraps with him. I was shown the claim next morning. To the un initiated there was nothing to see, hut that did not disturb me. I wanted to see the place where the two penny weights come from. Jexon pointed out a hole in the drift; I tried several pausful of stuff and got merely colours in each. I ad vised Jexon to set the others opening out in the bank. He spoke to them, and there was some discussion. 4 Let's see your tools,' 1 said. They were produced, and a more discredit able lot of picks and shovels I had never seen. The fellows pottered about making some sort of pretence of work, and I went to the hut and put on some working duds. The follows stared at me when I went amongst them in moleskins, heavy hoots, and big bare arms ready for action. . I put in an afternoon's work, and rather liked the look of the country, though I got no prospect. That evening I sont for -no tucker, und all hands looked glum. We finished the remnants of yesterday's mutton and bread, - and no one had enough. After that repast I put matters plainly before them : 'If I was to find tucker, I must have a fair return in work. I had shown them the way, and they must make an effort. When I saw them in earnest I would provide better tools and quarters, with heaps of grub. It depended entirely on them selves. If they were men, and acted fair by me, I'd stand by them for three months ; if they did not, either they or I would have to clear out. Finding no gold in a week, I told Jexon that he had lied to me, and in a servile, apologetic fashion he ad mitted the soft impeachment. 4 Never mind,' I said, 4 1 must try and make the best of it". We must have better tools and better men.' 4 What will you do then ? ' 4 In a day or two I'll tell you ; but I must go into (the nearest town) and I leave my few belongings in your care. I may trust you that much.' He looked at me reproachfully. 4 You surely can trust me that much.' 4 1 will- do so. I'll hire a horse froui our cocky friend below, and hope to be back in two days.' . My first visit was to the mining registrar. From him I heard that no lease had been applied for, and that no miner's rights had been issued in the names I indicated. I then ap plied for 800 yards in the river bed, and 50 acres along the banks on either side, paid the deposit and took out a miner's right for Jexon. I then purchased such tools as were required, together with axes, saws, hammers, etc., and a good sup ply of provisions, to be forwarded the following day. When I got back to the claim the men were all attention, hut I told them nothing. They were . much annoyed, you may be sure. They were experts at euchre, and I saw they meant to take me down, i I but they had no money to bet. I I bought their interest in the claim for £10, and with Jexon as partner won it back. That night a heavy hand moved over my face, and in another second would have clutched my throat. I had not gone to sleep, fully expecting some such attempt. My right hand held my revolver and I blazed away, not at the man but up at the rafter. The blaze revealed the fellow's face, I then drove my left into him with all the force I could. I heard a howl, and then there was a nice old row. I had slipped out of bed, and as I had turned in standing I was pre pared. Someone struck a match, and I found them all standing about m" except one, he was lying doubled up, for I had hit him below the belt. Jexon at once attempted to smooth matters by insisting that there had been some - mistake. The others talked big, but having five shots, I talked back pretty well as I pleased. Jexon, speaking on their behalf, suggested a compromise. Asked what they proposed, they asked for £20 for their interests. I told them I'd see them in Halifax first. 4 What would I give them then ? ' they asked. 4 1 have no right to give you any thing, but to save bother here is that £10 note and what odd silver I have will keep you on the road. Now clear before I ride for the police. Jexon, I have not included you, but if you are homesick here is £2 for you though I'd rather you'd stay.' They took the money, rolled up their swags and cleared out. That afternoon a trooper called at the camp to enquire if all hands had miner's rights. He saw mine and Jexon's, drank a pannikin of tea with us, had a smoke, and then followed on- the trail of my late mates. What for never troubled me. 4 Now, Jexon, what do you intend doing? Will you stay with me or. surrender your chance here?' He said he'd stay. 4 Very well. I'll now ride to B where I can pick up two or three good men.' I knew all the old diggings about B , but all my old cronies had left or were dead, though they were known to those I interviewed. I made arrangements with six good men, who returned with me, bring ing with them all that belonged to them on pack-horses. They were of the good old type of gold-digger — strong, hearty, and capable, and looked respectable men. And what a change they brought! We soon had a decent camp, and better still, a big cut opened out and the bottom taken up. It was dry weather and we had no diffioulty with the water. The yield, upon washing up, was highly satisfactory. Subsequent washings proved just as good. Then Jexon wanted to go home. I didn't blame him for he had a good wife, and his|share would set them up. Ho was a spare, weak man, and his" heart was not in the work. He had £50 in his pocket, and I offered £50 for his share. He <demurred at first, 4 because,' he said,-. you have been a real friend, and I ought not to take a penny from you." '.Let me owe it to you, then. Per haps £50 about Christmas will come in handy, though I hope you will have doubled your £50 by then.' By enquiring, at a well-known socialistic rendezvous, I found Jexon; and I am glad to say, in a far greater degree of comfort than I had ever seen him. Mrs. Jexon was most pro fuse in her thanks. Strolling out one evening with old Jex, we saw a crowd in Casriereagh- street. Some great political question was being discussed, and among the speakers in the > crowd I recognised the man who would have choked me as I slept. He was iu fine fettle, talked a hurricane, and had the crowd with him. I got "in front of him, hoping to .catch his eye. Presently he uttered some nonsense, and I chal lenged him. I soon found that I had raised a hornet's nest, and only that Jexon jumped up on the wall (where they were speaking) and addressed the crowd in a really good, sensible speech, I think I should have been mobbed. Jexon had very much moderated . his views, though he had not de serted his old comrades. He was not in any employment, but he assisted his wife very materially in the boarding house, which was quite a stylish place. I handed Mrs. Jexon the other £50 and I learned from her that she and a bright girl named Lucy had com pleted their arrangements ' to make me happy. Christmas Day was really a happy day, and I may say . that many happy days have followed; That year was my very luckiest year, for though the claim on the river wasn't ex ceptionally rich, I married and won a splendid nugget in my wife, for she stood five feet seven .inches in height, weighed ten stone, and was just turned 25. She has been worth her weight in gold to me, and I always call her 4 Lucky Lucy,' for my luck has been even steadier siuco we coupled ; and though only country reared and unsophisticated iu many tilings, she knows her way about . better than most city women, and better than all, she is lovable and effectionate and thinks a lot of her 4 old man,' meaning, of course, Alfred Lipscombe, otherwise 4 Lippy.' And that is all I have to say. My luck is good for a life time, beyond all doubt, for not only is my big 'nugget' as bright and winsome as ever, but at this moment three smaller 'nuggets' are overhauling their Christmas stockings for good things and offering me bits of each variety. And — there I've said enough. CHRISTMAS TIME AT AN INLAND STATION. - — — — 1 " i BOTANICAL GARDENS, SYDNEY, 1 