MELBOURNE. [from OUR OWS CORRESPOXBlpCT.j- : Mr. Watt’s nation in culling for n Tarlm 11101111111' return showing the loss on the Birregiirru. to Forest railway \vus taken, I presume, in order that he might have nil argument against uny further couutry rail way extension up his sleeve when the mutter comes on for debate. Mr. Matbieson, the Commissioner, in his report—nil annual affair —published last week, commented on the fact that there ure still several non-paying lines closed around Melbourne and further afield, notwithstanding the improvement in matters and a more hopeful outlook. He goes on to point out that, with these miles of rails resting in town and country, Parlia ment may well pause before it gives authority for adding to the list of railway failures. And most people will agree with him. So, if Mr. Watt calls up ghosts of the past to scare would-ho boom railways, few will blame him. Mr. Gillies ou Thursday charged the Government with not having a railway policy and shirking its responsibility. His argu ment was tiiat if it favored a certain up country line in the Western district it should say to the House that, finding the railway could not be built for £00,000 as proposed by the Stauding Committee, a Bill would be submitted to provide uuother £20,000. Mr. Gillies thought the proposal to refer tho lino hack to the Standiug Committee was a inero joke or an attempt to shift the responsibility. One thing is evident—the railway policy of the hon. member himself in the past has been anything but “ u joke,’’ as this “ bleeding country” well knows ; and as regards shirk ing responsibility, it is a sort of burden ho shouldered with far too light a heart and too freo a purse (not his, but the colony’s) in tho years that are past. "In the Houso ou Thursday night, the Promior - ■oraotlring*”nljoirt‘!tho^tteaaion passing away and nothing‘being done. It may well be asked, “Why waste Friday ?” Monday is uot a day on which Parliament meets, because country members, in many instances, go home ou Saturday, and Monday is allowed them to get buck. But.members who live very far away would harJly go home over the Sunday, uud those who go to places like Ballarat, Bendigo, Castlemaino, Geelong and Seymour could easily be in town again by 4 p.in. on Monday—in some in stances "by 11 or 12 in the forenoon. The session is indeed slipping away, and, if a day is going to be wantonly wasted every now uud then as last Friday was, it will be found that there are “ many things left undone that ought to liavo been done” when the Governor sends hon. members home for their Christmas holidays. As might be expected, an official visit to Pentridge penal .establishment by the Chief Secretary, accompanied by Mr. Tom), Under secretary, and Captain Kvans, Inspector General of Gaols, quite shattered the dole ful tales told in Parliament by that political gosling, Mr. Hume’Cook, M.L.A., member for Brunswick, about the “ poor prisoners” and the “ bad cooking” they had to put up with- It appears there is no created thing, however savage uud unlovely, but will have some sympathiser, as is shown by the tale of tho two little girls who saw a picture in a gallery representing the early Christians being thrown to the lions. When they came home, Ethel said' to her motlior, “ Oh, mamma, we saw tho Christians being eaten by the lions, poor dears.” Whereupon Edith remarked, “ Yes, but one poor lion had no Christian.” So Mr. Cook’s concern for the human tigers in Pentridge may be understood, although it is strange that a law-maker should look so kindly ou law It appears the facilities for teaching eookerj' to girls in the State-schools are to be extended, and this is certainly more sensible that! teaching boys sewing. As for bachelors sewing on their buttons, every bachelor docs uot live in the primeval bush or** butch”—so that surely his landlady or housekeeper could do this trifling service for him. As regards the cooking, it should be taught in the private as well as State-schools. Every woman in the land should know how to cook—from tho wife of the millionaire to the wife of the laborer. There are many women who become heads of households who cannot grill a chop decently, and have no idea of serving-tip cold incut in any other way than tho eternal “stew.” It is certain that .much domestic misery and excessive drinking by the male members of tho family in this colony are caused by the wretched culinary arrangements in many homes. And small means is uot always the reason—it is generally tho want of knowledge. The wife of a French or German peasant can often put on a tempting and savory dinner for her husband on his return from the fields, while the better half of the wealthy English or Australian tradesman has only great “ dollops” of fat meat and greasy “groens” to place on the table. , G*®*t>compbiints are being made about the Railway^Goipmissiouer’s fancy for cattle-pits in lieu of level crossings./Of course econo my is the object, as the erection of gal es and gate houses and wages of gatekeepers are done away with. But it seems that these cattlo pits are little better than mere death- holes, and, if a return was called for of the fatalities and casualties that have happened in con nection with them, people would be astonished and shocked. Farmers mid others should note certain alterations announced by the Government in regard to the Credit Funnier bond issues. The Commissioners have decided that there will be no ballot during tho next live years. The money which may become available by fanners’ repayments during that time will be used to repurchase bonds. The Commis sioners have also raised the rate of brokerage to 10 per cent. A mild sensation was caused on Friday, when it was announced that the book- binders of Melbourne had gone out on strike. The Society issued a circular about the middle of last month demanding that on and after 15th September tho minimum rate of wage be increased to JGU per week for 4S hours’ work. The employers refused the concession ; so on the date mentioned the bauds ceased work, with the result that tho employers decided to advertise for other bunds. Book-binding is not a very intricate art, and I hear a number of females have derided to apply for positions which will no doubt be afforded them. Two pounds twelvo per week is not a bad wage these times ; and doubtless tho strikers will find themselves in tho unenviable position of *he pour “ comps” who demanded nnro wages at a most inopportune time, when tho lino typo was just coming into vogue. For the past 10 j’ears the Trades Hall has been on tho wane, and even in its prime the organ isation only greased the fat pig at the expense of its following, who discovered, when too lato, that it was ^worse than the case of the blind leading the .blind. -.-For it was found that cunning upstarts had led thei* following into a hopeless state of worklesaness and misery. ♦ Larrikinism in the city at the present time is very rife, and country- visitors should be very careful as to whom they make inquiries from on thoir visits to the metropolis. In addition to tho notorious ‘‘Rat Bush”—a well- dressed bnnd of sptelers aud pickpockets —there is another larrikin organisation kuown as the “Crutchy Push,” which deriveR its name from the fact that most of its members are cripples. They are a particularly rowdy und violent mob of ruf fians, and cause tho police.a lot of trouble. A Northern paper reports that a farmer has lost a lot of milk, in consequent of his cows being sucked by jew-lizards. "What next will the poor agriculturists have to contend against? By the way, there is an old Irish superstition that fairies disguised as hares steal milk in the same fashion. 4* A word to tho wise is sufficient” and a word from tho wise should be sufficient, but von ask, who are the wise? Those who know. The oft repeated experience of trust worthy persona may bo taken for knowledge. Mr. W. M. Terry says Chamberlain’s Cough Remedy gives better satisfaction than any other- in the market. He has been in. the drag business at Eikton, Ky., for twelve years; has sold hundreds of bottles of this remedy and nearly all other cough medicines manufactured, which shows conclusively that Chamberlain’s is the must satisfactory to the poople, and is tho best. For sole by Dyking 