MR W. G. JENNER'S VALEDICTORY SOCIAL. Monday, the 6th of March promised -to be a red letter day for Kadina. . The General was. to addrSss the multitude during the evening," and Willie Freear at the Town Hall in his inimitable render— > ingjof "Tony Faust'' ana"Joe Shotweli,"in the musical comedy of "My Sweetheart." .and the valedictory social held at the Oddfellows* Hall, Mr Dunn's "Wombat Hotel, Kadina, In Honor of Mr W. G. Jenner, manager of the Union Bank, who was leaving to take charge of the. Bank at Rochester, Victoria. At the latter ! there was a large attendance. Amongst those present "were the following :—The Mayor of Kadina (Mr R. J. Nobes), Drs. Powell and Letcher, Capt. Opie," and ! Messrs Hamilton, Hally Thos. R. Heath, R. A. Heath, A. D. McDonald, W. Wall, i Sands, J. Cornelius, F. Potter, Chas. Queale. M. J. Reed, W. Crighton, F. Opie, 35. Bowman, *T. Rowe; T. H. Warren,-J. H. Barnes .(Bute), Hawke (Bute); Maloney. J. JPower, W. Rendall, j Geo; Shaw, Jas. Martin, Blombery, _J. j Stephens, W. .Paull, J. Willshire, D. ' Ta^lojv Blizard and others, j Beare, and Crosby. Precisely at 8 o'clock the company approached the rabies, -and on the Cha rman, Mr R J. Nobes, con ducting the guest to his chair, sat down. The table was T shaped, and was most tastefully decorated with flowers and fruits of every kind "in season, and eat ables most pleasing to the palate, as was the general appearance of the tables to the eye, and fot which Mrs Dunfl deserves every credit, After ample justice had been done the good things provided, the Chairman proposed' 'the Queen," which was duly honored; The toast of the " Lieut Governor, , the Right Hon. Samuel Way" .followed, the Chairman remarking that the general expression of the com munity ~ was . that of pleasure at his restoration to health. That Hon. gentleman had risen to - the " honorable position he now held by merit and ability, and every one hoped he would be long spared to fill the high position he iiow occupied. J \- Song by Mr Maloney. The Chairman then proposed the toast>of '' The Guest of the evening (Mr W. G. . Jenner"). He did not intend to say much to the toast, a* most present would • be desirous of speak ng to the toast. He had known Mr Jenner ever since he came to Kadina, and had been associated with him, and-whether in private or business relations he. had ever found in him a worthy friend and a most prudent man in business. He could say honestly that he was one "of--the -most efficient Bank managers he had done business with. In a conversation he had with the General Inspector, while' he was in Melbourne recently, that gentleman told him that their guest was one of the most efficient officer in the Sank. H'~s accounts were alwaysin perfect order, and his promotion was purely the result of merit and ability. He," with ^mariy, regretted his leaving Kadina,-but he could assure him that life leaves with ■ the best wishes of all who knewhim, and he trusted wherever his lot was cast, .^hat his future would be bright, happy, and joyous. \- .Mr J.-H. Baskes, of Bute, in suppor- . ting the toast, said that he had pleasure in endorsing all that hod been said -by the Chairman Speaking for the " country he -could truly say,.that all regretted his leaving. The absence of - Mr Jenner from the . town of^-Kadina Would: be feltj ^or he had taken an active part in all its interests. He would leave with the,beat wishes of rthe residents of the town and country for his prosperity in his new sphere. Personally- he felt that he would climb higher and higher on the ladder of promotion. He had his best wishes forthe fu'tire -of himself and family, and} the residents of the country would endorse that sentiment. Mr A D. McDonald said their guest had been a most prudent and painstaking, officer from "whom he had received most valuable! advice which was always given most freely.' He was pleas^ at . his ad.- - vancement in" jQie service j still %e .felt sorry that he had to leave Kadina:? Mt^Tbos. R.Hea.th . of Wallaroo, said ;he;h#rtl come that night jfco say 1are well to theip gue&. : Althongh h§ had n^t . .done nmch business with him7, ^ yet he - had' formed a friendship ^for h'tn, and it cer-r foinly spoke welTfor iiss btusjriess capacity and:. coiiri_esy ^.to Snd-jsad^i representa ti^gziheringto bid:him:£arewell.• The maiiagerofa Bank bad a .most trying positiohtoiill, for. it was hard . to -say nos:~w^ would prompthitfiBaying yes*> He- wishedhim' a^^appiness and himself and family^good - 'Sasds wished 4hoir guest health,. ^alt^ ^d^jafipiness in: ios new^phere. S£3^^^^3TTaa =eald h«- would iike afre&dyspoken.; He h&l; been associated . * ' • «. . .. - ^ 1 Willi their guest on several committees andfouiidhim an enthusiast in whate^ he put his hand td3 and that enthusiasm was in many cases the result of >the object sought. 'fhat quality of character was observable in whatever he took np. The Institute had benefited by his efforts. He with the-'other speakersWished him every happiness and all the advancement I in the institution of which he was' a I worthy officer. Captain Opie was p!eased)to he present to have the opportunity of expressing ' the good will thdSe he represented entertained towards him. 3Te had known -Mr Jenner long enough to form an' -opinion of his character, and the- high opinion he had formed at first of their guest had in their subsequent transac tions been fully sustained fmd- his pre sence was proof that he -considered h»m worthy of all their esteem. Their busi ness relations had been limited, but the Company was a big customer* of that Mr Reed could: speak, more than himself! He«had, like Mr Potter, *been associated with Mr Jenner, and'much of their suo cess was attributable to his enthusiaism. He wished • their guest. and his family every prosperity in the future. . , - Mr J as. Mabtin said he thought these socials were dead, but he Wds pleased to see the animation manifested on that*oe caaion. With respect to Mr Jenner'4 de partare^ he heartily endorsed: what had been said Personally he rejoiced to find that he-had b.een promoted, jand wished" himself and family.eveiy happiness, "■ He was going into a better land._ Mr - Hai.Ii, Manager of the 'National. Bank, "said mat he had possibly more to do with their guest than anyone present j and notwithstanding- their many battles their friendship had never been severed. Bjr. fSbWELL Baid his business trahsac- j tionshad been^compaig^yely small with their guest, butas a fgaBIB he fully ap preciated his worth arid wished him every i success in the future Dr. Letgheb was sorry at parting w'th one who had stood the test of goodfellow ship. He- was intelligent and cultural and was always a pleasant friend as he knew something of wliat he talked about. Kadina was looking agoodmanand citizen. Mr J. Power supported every Irindly remark that had^been sa:d of -their guest. One thing had been neglected respecting his character : his good temper. He was about the only one who had said nothing -to him about t he • Beetaloo v, ater,: and that was. saying:a lot. ' Messrs QixABLE*. .Reed, . Rendell, Ta!ylob, Lowe, R..AV I&eaxh;^JX Dvsn and others spoke m laudiidry terms of the guest. '7. 1 - ... Mr Thos.»R.Hi.A^TH;^itedTigre "ghost scene from Hamlet. . """ ! Mr Jeitneb, who was reserved" with applause, said l^ /BoM€r©e>; Mr -Ball and himself had. stiffv- xpatters to deal TO&\- %&t-;&tjy;<}iad always the best. of. friends. The duties of a Branch iaanager were Often involved in difficult but ;he' ^coiiid nay from his heart that no 'te%:iii:?tte^paatVe^5eri ence had proved-so difficalt ' as the fueling of sincere regret he felt at having to'say good-bye tohisfriendson that occasion. Kadina wogld ■ ever -be . green pn~ his memory, as he commenced -his nian-ied life here, his children were born here, and had afforded .him many opportunities to attain his "present position. It wais the" ambition of all accountants to cross jthe Rubicon to rise to the position of manager. Since he took charge of the Kadina Branch of the Union Bank they passed three yeais of hard vicissitude which naturally made the duties of a Bank manager very difficult, stem duty often requiring bia I doing that from wh;ch his better nature recoiled.. He would ever retain the people : of Kadina in the highos} ,respgcfc. He j "had always endeavour^'.ito do lite duty to "j fij^lhe f| O^aoTlils^^t^tp hisielow^men." ®b v^raS^r^i^vsfl^b^^yeVoif behalf of himself and family. - Mr_M. J. Reed a song. Mr J. Mahtin proposed the toast of "The Minng interests of South Aus tralia." He said he was not ashamed of orce having worked in the mines. __ The mineral interests had many tithes lifted the colony out of veiy depressed time, and it was very gratifying to see the copper market-rising after so many years of depressian. When he came to the Peninsula copper was £110 a ton, and it had fallen as low as £'37. It was now 672—a price that would allow - of a'l classes being fairly remunerated. Capt. Opie said he had been associated with mining since boyhood, and. the more he learned, it only opened up a wider field of knowledge to be acquired respect ing _ practical mining. Nothing that he could say on its importance to the. colony as an industry, could better impress that fact on those present than what had been said by the proposer of the toast. He had no desire to see copper reach a price that would be the means of keeping up hundreds - of mines that had to be abandoned, when the price was low. The time would" come when •the uses for copper would necessitate the working of those properties without ma'erially affecting the price. He was pleased at the kindly reference made as to the management of the local mmes He explained how the mines had been managed when the price was so low, and attended to the difficulty .experienced in keeping down the water and the cost of same. Mr T. H; Wabben, in-a short Bpeech, proposed the " Agricultural and Pastoral Interest of the Colony,- tb which Mr A. A. McDonald responded. - -v - The " Town and Trade of Kadina" was; proposed by Mr>T. R. Heath. Mr F. Pottle -responded in a -most hopeful tone of the possible future of Kadina, s The *' Host and Hostess," " The Press." and 4 Mr Jenner s successor, {Mr Hamilton)" were duly honored, and after singing Auld Lang Syne,-oneof the best gatherings, of the kind: ever held in Kadina, broke "up about e'even o'clock. 