Kdv Novels and Other Boolcs "The Redemption of Freetown." By Sheldon. (Messrs E S. Wigg & Son.)— The Sheldon Boom is a remarkable feature in the literary history of our timeB. Already the aggregate sale of theBe books in England exceeds a million copies. How many have been sold in America we do not know. Even a penny edition of " What would Jesus do " ? Has been published 1 That is perhaps the most popular volume of the series Dr. Sheldon seems eqnal to meet tho supply with others as fast aa the demand arises ; not less than eight or nine storieB being now in tbe market. " The Redemption of Freetown'" is a book whose main purpose iB to show that personal consecration is aa essential element—a sine qua non — of success in all Christian work. It is not enough to give our money or encouragement; we mast give ourselves. Tbe motto chosen is " Who gave Himself for us." Freetown is a settlement of negroes in the suburb of tho fashionable city of Mertoa, and is the social plagua spot of tbe locality. It supplies a continuous succession of criminals. At last the minister—Rev. Howard Douglas—is moved to take action and preaches upon the question "Can Freetown be Redeemed"? Owing to several magic events which had recently taken place among the leading families, the judge, the lawyer and others, are moved to help the minister in his enterprise, and to offer to take their torn in residing in the midst of tbe colored popn* lation. The work proved a great success. Fifteen years afterwards—i e t in 1914—a letter is written by a representative of the press giving an account of what he has Been ; " Freetown has been Redeemed "! A pertinent question ia then asked, and answeired " Why cannot the same thing b9 done in every city where the need is as great" 1 It can, if the world will give itself to redeem itself." " Ghosts I have Met," and others. By John Kondrick Bangs. (Messrs E. S. Wigg & Son.)—American humor is not yet exhausted. Mark Twain, Artemus Ward, Sam Slick and the Danesbury Newsman have made large demands Upon it; but Kendrick Bangs is yet alive! Short stories are like enake yarns in this - « that they excite a smile in anticipation. The smile expands into many a hearty laugh as one reads the storieB in this little book. The air of seriousness which pervades|$rem; the quiet assumption that the writer is telling the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but trutb, is not the lewt of the mirth-provoking factors of the writer's style. ."The Dampmere Mystery" is perhaps the most amusing. A lonely cottage, in what appeared a most eligible eight, is hired by an author. Wby it was not let, and why he should get it BO cheap, excited something like suspicion. He had not lived there long before atrange things began to happen. Awaking one morning he found bis hair and his moustache standing straight up 1 When the Chinese cook came in he saw that he wore the quene pompadour \ his dog's bristles were on end ! lying on bis mattresB was like sleeping on a porcupine 1 No wonder at the exclamation " There seems to be Bome starch in the air of Dampmere; I wonder what the deuce it all means? A. few daya after these manifestions had began they all left the cottage together, and not one of them broke silence until they had got three miles away! We also like the etory in which the antbor writes an explanation to the Editor why' the" Christinas Ghost story has not been supplied and receives the answer : " Ae an apology for not forwarding your Christmas story according to promise, it is not worth the paper it is written on." But we are all agreed that it is the best piece of prose composition yon have yet produced. " The Mystery of Barney O'Rourke" and the "Exorcism that Failed" have points in them well worth remembering. The illustrations which are intended to photoraph the situations upon the reader's mind are excellent. So, if anyone desires amusement, and can appreciate a firstclass literary style, let him read Ghosts I have Met." 