natxjrajlist. AN ADVENTURE WITH ELEPHANTS _ Elephant catching baa long been prao- tised in the North- Eastern distriete. The moat Bucoessfnl man waa Mr Sanderson, but a good deal of that waa due to the system introduced by his predecessor, Mr Nuttall, and to hia having acted on the advice of the late Oaptain ' Williamson, to aommenoe operations in the G arrow country, the old gronnda having been over- hunted, and also to hia own great energy, and not interfering too much with his trained mahouts. I accompanied Mr Nuttall in one of hia last hunts — hia health waa then broken dewn from repeated attaoka of fever, whioh led, a year or ao afterwards, to hia death. But he waa most anxious to do hia duty, and, know ing that I took great interest in everything conneoted with sport, he aBked me to accom pany him. I wanted him then to try the foot of the Gatrow hills, but hia arrange ments had already been made, and we went into one of hia old beats in the Ohittagong district. To oatoh elephants months of preparation are required. I could not get away as soon, aa I expected, and it waa only a few days before the final drive took place that I joined him. We were not very suooesaful. In the first keddah only twenty-seven and in the aeoond only nineteen elephants were caught, whioh scarcely paid for the expenses in curred ; but no blame could be attaohed to the superintendent, for both he and hia head sergeant had been, and were still, off and on ill from malarial fever. The chief jemadar had died, the aeoond had been killed, whilst the third, who would have succeeded, had leftthe department and takea service with me some time before ; eo as the heads of the depart ment were not properly represented, the operations suffered. Elephant catching in keddahs has often been described, and, but for a onrions circumstance which happened, I should not be now writing this article. T e herd we had snrronnded was a very large one, and after two days' constant trouble and watohing by day and night, the greates part of the animals had been driven into the re-entering angle of the keddah, when there was a great disturbance ahead, and the leading files halted and showed signs of breaking baok. We found it was oaused by a tiger, who had got into the Btookade and was endeavouring to get back into the jnngle. Mr Nuttall was aroused from his sick bed, and, looking very feeble, took command, and every available man and beast was pushed to the front to induoe the recalcitrant beasts to continue their flight within the enclosure. They were driven, forward onoe or twice, hut rushed baok iu a panio on bearing tbo gntteral roar of the tiger, who was just in side the paling in a dump of long grass. I went some distance ahead and climbed up a tree that overlooked the interior, with the view of slaying Mr Stripes, but I could not get a glimpse of him. Bat he must have left his post to try if he oould find another exit, and during this interval the roaring ceased, and we managed to get twenty- seven adult elephants, five tuskers, two moohnas, fifteen well-grown females, and five three- parts grown youngsters, besides about four calves, well inside. The brate just then roared again, and the herd inside right about faoed, and the people, fearing that it might escape, barred the entrance rather prema turely, for some dozen more elephants were then dose by, and might have entered. The men on the lookont endeavoured to with draw the bars, but just then a suooession of roars oaused a fearful panic, and all those not already entrapped foroed their way hank and escaped. Nuttall had to retire almost in an nnoonsoious Btato, and, as I was a stranger, I had no oontrol over the keddah men, and neither my elephants nor jemadar were with me. Onoe a herd is entrapped, everything ahonld be kept as quiet as possible. Fires are lit outside, and men armed with spears and blazing torohes stationed outside ; while the animals most not be irritated. Bat confounded tiger would not be qaiet, neither could he esoape, so he kept them on the qoi vive the whole night. If the captives are left in peace for a few hours they settle down and get reoonoiled to their fato. As soon as it was daybreak I asked Nnttall if I should go inside on a staunch elephant and en deavour to shoot the feline, bat he thoaght it was better not to do so ; and now that it was daylight, he thought the tiger would find a loophole and esoape. I was just retiring to my tent to bathe when there was a greater row than ever, and the jemadar begged me to come with him, and he would show me a tree whence I oonld pot the tiger — because, if he was allowed to disturb the herd muoh longer, he was snre they wonld rush at the barred entrance in a body eFcape. I went at once and took up my position. I oould see a great commotion going on, but could not seen any portion of the tiger. The roaring of the beast and the trumpeting of the elephants were incessant ; the herd were gathered in a duster, with their tails almost touohing.the stookade, en deavouring to get away as far as possible from a clump of grass. I was thinking of firing into the grass, when I saw a large tnsker rush forward, and with a vigorous kiok with hia forefoot, he sent a brindled mass flymg, and, folio iring up his opponent quickly, he threw him well into the air. As he fell the tnsker got him between his legs and commenoed to play football, kiobing the struggling brate forward with his hind legs and back with his forehand I knew all wonld soon be over. The tiger's roars degenerated into half roars, half growls, whioh w«re all bat overpowered by the soroams of the elephants, who in oborns created a din whioh oonld be beard many miles off, and whioh were taken op and re-eohoed by oar tame elephants. This brought poor Nnttall off his eiok bed ; but, the tragedy was all bnt finished. The tiger, with a .dying effirfc, got hold of the elephant's foreleg jnst above the foot ; tho paohyderm gave one prolonged scream, then, shaking off the incubus, span clear, and with lightning speed knelt on his opponent, who soon gave up the ghost. -The enraged monster lifted him up and threw him towards the herd, who rushed forward, : and in a few minntes kioked and trampled the tiger into the dirt, leaving no anmhianoe of his ever having been the king of beasts. Even after it was evident that there was no life left in their foe, first one elephant and then another would ran forward, and after administering a kiok, qniokly retire, giving utterance to his valediotor/ address. - We doubled guards over the stookade for two days, and aa the imprisoned beasts had had no water and bnt suoh fodder as we threw into them, they were greatly aubdued.-aad we had no difficulty in tethering them one by one and leading them to a place where there was plenty of water and fodder. As we oonld not remove the. skin of the tiger for nearly throe days, it eventually spoilt ; bnt when we got the body of the tiger ont, it was wonderful to see what' little damage had been done tp the shin, thongh of oonrse the body was moat offensive. After being washed and pegged ont, no one wonld have guesaad what a violent death the beast had met, but the hair peeled off, and as a trophy the akin was useless. Oar aeoond venture was even less success ful, and qnite uneventful. Poor Nnttall soon afterwards died, exhausted by thirty years' residence <n this malarial and pesti lential portion of onr 'possessions— bat a'ter doing his doty like smu.- -F. T. Pollox. Cork, if sank 200ft in the ooean, will not rise on asoonnt of the pressure of the water. Some naturalists believe that hares never drink, bnt get enough liquid for their hep Is in the dew on the grass they eat. . Japanese children write with the Ibft'hahd,- bnt with the right hand can tars oat 10 per oent more work in a given time. If a person oats his eyelashes he . weakens his eyes. Women are employed as letter carriers in several parts of France. . - Eighty -five per oent of the people who are, lame are affected in the left % 