J BERNHARDT AS HAMLET. 'iHLe Hamlets are no novelty, as many ibMBsuow— to our cost. Mrs. Slddons, In favored the provinces with a few heBnn'iccs, hut appears to liavo been shy the experiment ln London. Nearly ,.rn,.A 1 ho memorable ..success of Irving, the Lyceum stage saw a rincc of Denmark. Mrs. Glover as- ie part upon a benefit night. "Her ire, handsome and expressive face, powerful voice, all contributed to attention of the elite assembled on slot); while continued bursts of np- oeled her finished elocution as she the soliloquies to her delighted " At the end of the first act Ed- ean went behind the scenes and the performance to be excellent,- ctress, assuming the tragic manner, d lilin as a flatterer, and accused nocking nnd scorning her "solemn- harlotte Cushmann appeared In for a short time as the melancholy ud, besides, attempted such diverse riau characters as Borneo and Wolsvy. 'l'he example would ap- invc been Infectious, for nearly hnlf ry buck a "celebrated American mo," whose fame had hitherto been fo mankind, travelled from the > England, and essayed not only hut Otlicllo nnd Sliylock, with a ;?lenl trifles — audi as Vlrglnlus — ii. This lady — a Miss Percy Know- long since disappeared from It Is hard, however, to remember a en tlic female Hamlet has not been Mrs. Iliiiuliuii.iin, better known to ;ocrs us Millie Palmer; n hard work- ess, Juliette Steer; and Miss Glare are the latest examples. The most lady Uuinlet in England is un- <r Miss Marriott, who did not merely with -the character, : but d it in her regular reper- r a long scries of years. To orlug of a dlllleult task Miss Mar- ught some special advantages No a the English stage has ever been kvith a more beautifully melodious net articulation, and the words of is they fell from her musical tongue t fall to secure admiration. Rc- ig that Hamlet has been approach «rs of all sorts and sizes— tall, thin, il stout— it may appear ungracious St that Miss Marriott did not look iier figure opposed the popular what the young prince should be, impersonation will be principally n the memory as a flattering exlii- pwre elocutionary methods. Another accomplished member of the "old who braved a great deal of criU- icr venture, was Miss Julia Seaman, ss Marriott and Miss Seaman were by Sir Henry Irving to play witches luchotli revival, being fully conver- !i the requirements of Slinkspeuriim The objections applicable to the M the one were, to some extent, up- \- to the other. Surah Bernhardt of course, stauds in a position where niYurd to defy convention. The 'iid a female ITamlet In Judith a long . and the popular star of M. Miwer d.v essayed the character of Ophelia Avssoncis and Samson's adaptation at the Porto Saint-Martin iy years th Philippe Garnlcr as the Prince, curiosity would have been faintly y l)beIl,u Bernhardt, with ssBhwck satin tunic and sable bordering, jag-Brack huso and "luky cloak," was' far SBBBP \v purpose. The actress stnrted gf8fljjlpr "Kore to help her. Robust Ham- Jw accepted for the sake of their 'K the wnspy, willowy Hamlet gwgflBBi conforms to our predilections. MgBi&rc; |s one predominant and ovorpowcr- aWPiU'teristle In the Bernhardt Hamlet It mHBuariitaeriBlIc of juvenility. The feml- ggffigtributoB cannot be suppressed by any £»Sr!l i wr rj'but Is too much to expect, jggfflfigp boyishness and effervescent youth- SHRkm # 10 cb'lrftctcr were borne in upon pK8 from the rise of the curtain. Now HE""1 ,ll: rc,t> everybody knows, is not ffljjjagffouiu do called a young woman, nnd it ggggBionier compliment to her taleut that ShHBki ' Vi 1,8 a bpooui» Prluce of an ngo MnChuaKspeare must have had in his Igggrat Is youthful, impulsive and occasion- ajHjgjnBicrous— prone to sudden waves and wHtolVt in; ®ccontrIe and multi-cluing- i« J1'011 <lf '< hotter term, it might ggggffibo described as volatile. The hoy SBSB.. 1" ,'.''' hair Is full of impctuousiiesa Sfflfflllorn.i!, t't , nob""y of character, BHHLin i i,.' 0 of hutb nna hatred jBBBr,",0.'1 f'h 1 Pronounced. What we Mffiownhie tbftt calmness, SHhRiav.?, ? ' tbmf unswerving and »nc)otlon to a resolute, terrible and nHflHr h Purpose. He carries lilm- mMffig . Much on ithe surface-. , cwnlug, rather than wIMMa- Mcthodlcnl Hamlet; one tlmt muBAh,,.. n J: 'J1 11 ficulre for vengeance, hSBbL,.,, '"Plomatle Dane ln whom nrt- nHn, 0tlL!'cei' uu1 "trntegy are bred by bBBBi.i n'n i ,f U,H Position. When HHfn iih li.,! ; ,tlle 'nipei'sonntlon will mHKd I ,.iy nni1 '"torosllng one. It has hushes, and— mlrublle dletul— we were not long In discovering that highly effective and telling stage business enn be worked Into an English play. For genera tions has this wonderful tragedy held the boards, and yet, forsooth. It Is not until a company of French players come here with their "trngique hlstolrc d'Hanvlet" that we realise Wlmt Improvements can he effected ln mechanical arrangements so old that tliey become stereotyped. "Discovered" at the rising of l-hc curtain, the usual regal procession being dispensed with — a mistake from a theatrical point of view, for Its robs the actress of an effective entrance — Hamlet did not scoro a distinct lilt until the scene when the attentions of Polonlus became oppressive. A distaste of the boredom engendered by the "tedioils old fool" was shown. .In a mnnucr both reason able and Intelligible. In the scene with the I players the growing hope for the success of the plot worked upon the feelings of the actress, and found exposition ln many ex cellent touches. The production by the first actor, of the scrip of the tragedy "writ In very choice Italian," was a feasible action, but the famous "To he or not to be," de livered from the steps of the throne room, with Hamlet reclining his head against the post of the door, created no Impression. Claudius and Gertrude witness the enacting of the mock tragedy from a dais, with the Trince lying at Ophelia's feet on the floor. The arrangement of the stage In this portion of the play was peculiarly happy, nnd the performance of tlie murder of Gouzngo wns attended by mnny minor Incidentals, which showed that the entertainment lind been pre meditated and duly provided for. Too often we have the play scene put on ns though IL were an amateur charade prepared on the spur of the moment. Sarah Bernhardt' makes lier greatest effect . hero. "Watching the murderous uncle Willi an, nlmpsf. too Impul sive and palpable anxiety, she leaps up to the dais when the assassin Is. "frighted with false lire" and thrusts the torch In his guilty face as he hurries from the hall. 'The house waxed enthusiastic at this pierce of earnest playing, given as. It. wis with an abundance of energy and ; glorying malignity.' It was not an electric effect. It will not comfmre,, regarded as a spon taneous and startling: act,, with Henry Irvlng's brilliant effort - In": the, same cir cumstances. But tt was a dashing nnd tell ing piece of work, and deserved all the, np-. plnnsc It received.- The killing of Polonlus; —with the rapier loft in the curtain— afforded" another illustration of an excellent licw de-: parture. . Contrary to . .precedent, . Sarah Bernhardt does not leap :lnto .'Ophelia's', grave, but she made iuuch. of tlie j' lnirhil; scene and the. quarrel with Xaort'es,- and- tlie; stage business of the entire' act was highly to be commended.. Sarah Bernhardt has: given a picturesque, , an ;oariiest aud:a boyish! Hamlet. That It Is one of. soul ,'nii'tt-. thought-! fulness, that it Is impressive, and :tlior6ughly| imaginative, is open to doubt, . says the, "Dally Telegraph" . critic. . ; : \ SARAH BERNH AUDT'S' OWN VIEWS.' ! I The distinguished actress lias' addressed; the following letter ; toi the editor of 'the; "Daily Telegraph":— ' "Dear Sir, — I am unable to reply-, to all the criticisms which hnve been :made upon me, but there- are, however, some which- 1 should like to nnswer. ' '. "I am reproached with belug too sprightly, too 'mannish.' It would appear that In Eng land one must present -Hamlet; us; a' -melnn- eholy'professdr of Wittcmherg, hut'I assume — .because Shnksponre himself says; so— that Hamlet was a 'student' of Wittcmherg. - "It Is said that I do- hot play the tradition: But where Is thd.tritdltlon? ' Each actor has his own. Iamreproaehed for. having moulded any role according to the sixteeiith century. Quite so! The time of Hnmlet Is undoubt edly the eleventh century, If the ferocity of the play Is considered; but its philosophy, is much more recent; aiid Alio train of thought Is that of a man ;lcss : savage anil more. polished. Then, 'again, Shhkspeare spunks of camions, of salvos of artillery, /ami uses- a thousand other .teelihlcal'Words which are of the sixteenth century, lind not of the eleventh. "I nni reproached with .not. being suffi ciently astonished, not. sufficiently dumb: founded, when I see th'e:ghost.; But. Hamlet conies expressly to soe lt; lie' awaits Ity nnd utters these words: T - will speak to It,' though hell itself should., gape iiiul. bld. me hold my peace.' These arc not tlie words of a weak or languid, person: ;.Wlibn f" the! ghost wnnts'to take lilin nslde. lie draws his sword against his friends, and threatens to kill tliem If tliey Avlll not let liliu piisd. That does not bcspenk'"a feeble. man,-. . . ' "Hanilet dreams when. bo Is alone, but In. coiiipiiny he speaksi — speaks to concealv his thoughts. r .v "I am reproached with not being polite enough with Polonlus; butiShnkspeare makes Hamlet say all ltliidsof\tihplcttsaiit things to liim. "When Polonlus says to him, 'My- honor able Lord, I will most humbly take my leave of you,' Iluiulet replies, 'You cannot, sir, take from me anything that I. will' more wil lingly part withal. "Really I do not know a more cutting or better merited reply. In- the Oratory scene I urn reproached with going too near the King; hut If Hamlet wishes to kill the King, surely he must he close to him. And when he bears him pray words of repentance, he thinks that If he kills liim he will send him to heaven: nnd lie does not kill the King, not because lie is vacillating and weak, but because lie is firm and logical. He wishes to kill him In a state of. sin, not,of repent ance, for he desires to send lilin to licll and not to heaven. Some wish to see In Uninlct a womanish, hesitating, flighty mind. To 1110 he scenis a uiauly, resolute, hut thought ful, being. "As soon ns Hamlet gathers what Is In his father's mind and lenrns of his murder, he forms the resolution to avenge liim; hut us lie Is tlie opposite of Othello— who nets first and thinks afterwards— Hamlet thinks before he nets, which -Is the sign of great strength and great power of mind. Hamlet loves Ophelia I He renounces his lovp! ITe renounces study! He renounces everything— In order to gain his object. And he attains It. He kills the King while In the blackest and most mortal sin; hut lie kills him only when he Is absolutely sure. "When he Is sent to England he takes the first opportunity 'of leaping alone Into an enemy's vessel, anil unnoiineos his name that ho may he made prisoner, certain tlmt he will he brought bnck. He calmly sends Rohoh- erantz mid Gulldeiisteru to dentil. All this bespeaks a young, strong mid determined clinracter. "When he dreams, It Is of his plan— of his. vengeniiee. If God had not forbidden sui cide he would have killed himself In disgust of the world. But since he cannot kill him self, lie will kill! "To conclude, Sir, permit nic to sny jbnt Slinkspcnrc by his colossal genius belongs to the universe, and that a French, a Ger man or n Russian brain has the right to atF mire and to understand him. "SARAII BERNHARDT. "Loudon, 10th Julie, 1800." 