A BULL v. LION FI?GHT. The good people of Roubaix, in the north of France, celebrated National Fete Day recently in a peculiarly atrocious mnanner. The programme of amusements included a round of bull-fighting and "a grand wind up" in the shape of an encounter between a huge lion, "Goliath," and a Spanish bull, the contestants being put to gether in a large case. The result was most disappointing to the spectators, for Goliath, born and reared in captivity, proved a cowardly brute. He "roared splendidly," but the shouts of the blood thirsty spectators and mad rush of the goaded bull cowed him completely. The first encounter was decisive. The bull gored the lion's flank terribly, and in the madness of pain Goliath bit off the bull's ear. But that was his only at tempt at reprisals, for next moment he was rolling on the ground, bleeding pro fusely and groaning with agony. Mean while the bull stood with ready head wait ing the lion's next move. When it came it was a desperate attempt to get any where out of the range of the toro's ter rible horns. To do so, Goliath tried to climb the bars of the cage, and as he rose the bull charged again, driving his horns into the hapless lion's mouth. The wounded brute bit savagely on the horn and scored the bull's thick neck with a blow of his paw, but it was a last effort, for as the bull drew off for another charge Goliath rolled over in the last throes. In vain did the Chulos try to irritate the poor beast into a final effort; in vain they tried to make the bull charge once again. He would not touch the inert tawny mass, and Leo gave up the ghost whilst 14,000 presumably civilised beings cheered the victor and heaped maledic tions on the vanquished. So far the authorities do not appear to have taken any action against the pro meoters of this inhuman show, and further lion v. bull fights are on the tapis. Bidel, the menagerie man, had offered to put one of his lions against two of Mazzan tini's best Spanish bulls. The toreador, on his side, says he will match one toro against two lions or tigers for £1000. EAT JONES' IXL JAMS.* 