TRACED THROUGH A PAPER. 11 "WiiiTWOUTit, may I borrow tliisl" queried Sherman, picking up tlio curreut number of a cortnin weekly journal from my littered table. ' With pleasure,' I returned, readily. 1 commend you on your discrimination. For enjoyably passing away a leisure space, tlio paper you have secured is all could bo wished. You'll return it, won't youl' certainly, no replied, and ior a momont there was silence between us, tho whilo I regarded him wondoriugly. ' Concerning that little matter botwecn us!' ho drawled, with his nasal Yankeo twang — and I couldn't help but notice tho supercilious curl on his thin lips — ' it's thoroughly understood, eh 1 The lady to the man who can win her ?' _ My answers was an acquiescent incli nation of tlio head. Alt, well,' ho went on sneeringly, 'I guoss you'll survive tho disappointment, sonny. I'm off to see, hor now.' I laughod provokingly, for though tho betrothal ring had boon obtained by me, May and myself, I imagined, thoroughly understood each other. Sherman turned at tho door, au ugly scowl on his swarthy face, and requested to know tho cause of my hilarity, but with an expressive shrug, I signified that explanation was unnecessary. Crushing tho paper in his hand, ho departed. kVe were fellow- curators, Abo Shorman and I, in tho B Art Gallery, and our dtity consisted in safeguarding tho various treasures which wero daily exhibited to the public. At tlio timo I tell of, wo curators were smarting under a sense of stigma, for, despite nil precaution, about three week's ; previously sonto costly specimens of uncut gems belonging to the pormanont collec tion had unaccountably disappeared from their case. The affair savoured of the miraculous, for though the stones had vanished, the caso had been left intact. Stung with tho taunts of negligence, iall had protested that their vigilance bad never been relaxed, and that tho theft could not possibly liavo been committed in their respective duties. After tho stir had quietened somewhat, and tlie vituperative energy of the local newspaper correspondents had been duly worked off, the nffair looked like being relegated to the long list of unsolvablo mysteries. But tlio stigma was not so readily offaceablo, and, as for myself, I confess it certainly rankled, filling me with a determination to keep myself fully itlive in tho future. Sherman was the latest addition to the guardian staff. From tho very first day lie had entered tho gallery — two months previously — ho had performed his duties in an exemplary manner that left no room for complaint. His credentials from the other side had been exceptional, and tho chief was con vinced of his integrity. Not so myself, however, for, some days nfter the robbery, I had been somowlrat astonished, when we had been on duty together, to observe what seemed to me uncommonly like a pre-arranged signal pass between him and a suspicious-looking visitor whom I had heen keeping under closo observation. Probably it signified nothing. I was mistrustful, for was he not niv rival I And yet Tho very morning after the conversa tion between us set forth at the com mencement of this relation, however, the wliolo place was thrown into consterna tion by tlio startling announcement made by Jokes, the guardian on duty, that the Rajah's sword-hilt had disappeared during the night. This curio— a costly specimen of en crusted jewel-work — had been spirited away in n like mysterious manner. Ex citedly, wo clustered round the case, which, as far as the eyo could discern, was intact, and hoarsely-whispered con jectures as to tho perpetrator Hew from lip to lip the while we waited tho arrival of the chief and tho local detectives. ' It's a gang for o fiver,' was the dictum of the officer, as ho rapidly gleaned the facts. ' Who was on duty last night in this room 1' ' I was so, officer,' Sherman exclaimed, promptly. ' Did you note nuything suspicious !' ' Nothing,1 ho returned, emphatically. ' Between four and six o'clock the place was practically deserted, but I was right Jiwtw UII lllkJ UHUf ultCl HIC IttlL affair, I tell you a fly could not have annexed a speck of dust without me spotting him. It beats me.' ' Umpli,' exclaimed tlio officer, scanning tho case closely through his lens. ' Tho Hies have flown this timo anyhow, in spite of tho spider's watchfulness.' Sherman started at tho implied imputa tion—an notion which win not lost upon tho nstutc detective, who, having com pleted his examination, without nnother word accompanied the chief into his sanctum. ' Well, Sherman,' I remarked, banter- ingly, when we wero left alone — for tho temptation to have a quiet fling at him proved irresistible — ' how fared the quest 1 Did tho lady prove amenable to your blandishments 1' ' Yes, sonny,' he retorted, displaying his strong white teeth in nil exasperating grin, 'you can congratulate me, I reckon, right, now.' And witli a short lauglt ho turned on his heel and strodo away, leaving mo absolutely dumfoundod at his amazing audacity. ' Oh, by tho bye,' ho remarked, staying at tho door, ' iioro is your paper. Gndsa wo are still frionds, anyhow. . . Shake. No I Well, just as you pleaso.' As ho drew the journal from his breast pocket, ull unobserved by him a' small fragment of paper fluttered to-the floor. 'Well, for a cool liar,' I burst1 out hotly, 'you certainly tuke it.' But he only replied with a mocking laugh, as he swung through the door and disappeared. Half mcchanic'ally I stooped down and picked up the bit of crumpled paper which hod just fallen from his pocket. Smoothing it out, I discovered upon it what at first sight appeared to bo an arithmetical calculation of some sort. It was scribbled in pencil, and read as follows : — 543—4/2—409.2. 1.7.48.3-19- 22.2.7.43-17.11.14-6. 1.10.5.37-21.29.-29.17.3. Turning the paper over curiously in rav -fingers I scrutinised tho 'flgurea again and agaitl in a vain endeavour to decipher tboTr "weaning, end then, suddenly, as I noted the. indistinct impress of tho cir cular dnting-stamp. which proclaimed it had passsed through tho post-office, it at ouco struck me this was no arithmetical calculation, but a cipher message of 9orao kind. But whatever could it mean " 543 — 4/9 ... .' Puzzled;" I dropped into tho window- sent, and, as I did. so, tny eyes lit upon the foldod cover of tho journal beside tne. Tho top portion of tho front cover, bearing bearing the familiar titlo and tho date alone was visible. " 543 — 4/9,' I repeated, abstractedly. And then, all in n moment, it occurred to mo that Iliad also many times jotted down just such another batch of figures, injeertain futile attempts to win an initial letter compe tition, which some timo previously had been announced weekly by this, iny favourite journal. Tho idea was to form; tho best sentence from the initial letter so taken, ami as I noted the number of thu issue mid tho date of tlio papor — April 9th — tho connection struck mo, and I divined that tho key lav to my fingers. Eagerly turning the leaves I found tho page indicated, ' 409,' and scrutinised the second column for the cluo to the hidden message. Nor did I look in vain, for a glanco I discovered that the initial letters of many of tlio lines the page down wore ticked by a very faint pencil mark. This, tlion, was why tho wily Shorman, who had never to my knowledge mani fested any interest in tho periodical litera ture of the day, had borrowed my journal. Ho had hod somo ulterior motive. This weekly paper was a key to a pre-arranged code of correspondence with some acquain tance. The mystery was a mystery no longer. The enigma was solved. Deducing tht the figures given indica ted the number of the respective lines, I set to work with my pencil, and in a few moments had evolved the following mes sage from tho initial letters of the lines corresponding to tho numbers : 'Meet — 7 — mail — I'll— c— swag — O.K. — Kit." For some seconds I gazed at the woids before mo at a loss to comprehend their meaning. Then, their full signifi cance dawned upon me, and I sprang to my feet with a suppressed cry of t riumph. ' So, Mr. Sherman,' I muttered, ' yon have empfoyed jour slack time to some purpose.' Withous loss of time I sought tho de tective and tho chief, and straight away placed tho facts before them. The officer listened to my breathless explanations in silence, and, when I had finished my recital, Ills face was illumined by a meaning sntile. ' Mr. Whitworth,' lie remarked delibcr- atelv, carefully placing the papers in his pocket, ' I congratulate you on your pers picuity. From the first I surmised the culprit must bo looked for inside tho building. .My examination of the caso strengthened this belief. Tho screws along the side, proximate to the missing relic, have been tampered with, allowing tho case to be tilted upwards from its supporting pedestal and tho insertion of the depredator's hands. Tho marks of the screw driver were fresh upon them, and, though scarcely apparent to the native eyo, easily discernable through ray glass. The theft I am 'prepared to swear coald hardly be accomplished under two minutes by the most dexterous swells- man at large. Two minutes is a long time, consider ing the publicitj'of tho apartment. Where fore my reduction. The robbery was committed between four and six j-cster- day afternoon. ' I need scarcely impress upon you the imperativeness of absolute silence. Good 1 Y'ou will meet me at six in tlio station- master's office. For this night only you and I will pose as railway porters.' Punctually at the timo appointed I presented myself at tho rendezvous, at tired in a great coat with upturned collar which completely shrouded my features. Molincux, the officer, smiled approvingly at my precaution, and in a few whispered words indicated his plans for tho capture of the cunning rogues. In a short time we had succeeded in transforming ourselves into passable mem bers of the porter fraternity, and, ns I regarded mj'self amusedly in tlio glass, I was prepared to defy anyone to recognise in this rough looking railway servant, ' bearded like the pard,' the clean-shaven custodian of the municipal art treasures. As tho London mail was signalled into the .Station wo made our way on to tho platform, and mixing with tho wuiting crowd, busied ourselves officiously .with the pussengors' luggage. ' Now Whitworth, keep your eyes peeled,' enjoined Molineux, iu a hoarse whiiper, as the train glided nlong tho platform and tho passengers surged for ward to keep their scats ; ' you'ro dealing with a deep lot. Take my word for it.' Even as I spoke I discerned a muffled figure crouching in tho shadow of tho subway, anxiously regarding the stand still train. And then, as I followed tho direction of his gaze, I saw a wotnan, whoso faco was concealed by a thick veil, appear at tho door of a first-class com partment for a second, and carlessly let fall a folded paper. It was a copy of tho idontical journal I had loaned to Sherman. I recognised it instantly hj the colour of its cover. Molineux observed the covert net, too. Warning mo with a glanco to follow him, he seized a hag at his side and shambled up to the compartment, reaching it sim ultaneously witli tho mysterious man, who had left tho shadow and approached tho door. Even as he placed his foot on tho step and thrust a small parcel into tho hands of tho expectant woman, tho dotcctivu was upon him. Thoro was a sudden scufflo, a sharp ' click, click 1' and Abo Sherman found himself Iaj'tng face down wards on the floor of the compartment hors do combat. ' J lark the other,' yelled Molineux, and like a flash I throw myself upon . her era she had the ghost of a chance to uso tho deadly woapon which she was in the net of drawing forth from Iter pocket. She fought liko a possescd fury, bute taken by supriso at the suddenness of til attack, tho advantago was all with nto'. Tho strugglo was of short duration. Put ting out my strength, I scoured hor arms iu a vice-like grip and slowly forced her two hands together, when tho officer coolly affixed tho bracclote, and- sho'fell book on the cushions with a despairing shriek of laughter. Her veil had been torn away in th strngglo, disclosing features of no attrac tive woman, but tho cleno shaven resolute faco of a man in his prima. ' Kit Gorman, ' tho Yankee Terror,' by nil that's providential,' exclaimed tho de tective jubilantly. ' What a stoko of luck.' ' Curse you for a blundering fool,' snarled that worthy to his dazed accom plice ; and in a fit of bliud, uncoutrollablo fury, ho kicked him again nnd again in the face. In duo course, Gorhatn and his con federate, the exemplary Sherman, alias 1 Tho Spider,' received their just deserts, and the gonerous reward of a grateful city council removed all existing obstacles to the fulfilment of uty dearest hopes. And now, when the domestic atmos pheric conditions are a triflo iitormy — for Mrs. Whitworth lias her moments liko all dear creatures — I produce iny green- backed favourite, and T quiotly remark : ' Let's sec ; his name was Shorman, wasn't it 1' On tho whole, wee ar a very happy couple. 