THE LORDS OF THE SOIL By The Flaneur. That grave question — Who leads the happier life, civilized man or the savage ? is one of those per plexing problems concerning which a very great deal may be said on both sides, and yet neither side be right, Byway of looking at both siJes of the subject, we will put Mark Twain in the witness DOX. ' O O 0 '?'''? Wherever you find him,1' says Mark, ' the aborigine is everything that a human creature can be. He covers the entire ground. He is a coward —there are a thousand facts to prove it. He i8 brave — there a thousand facts to prove it. He is treacherous— oh, beyond imagination. He is faith ul, loyal, true ; the white man's records supply you with a harvest of instances of it that are noble, worshipful, and pathetically beautiful. He kills the starving stranger who comes begging for food and shelter — there is proof of it. He succours and feeds, and guides to safety, to-day, the lost stranger who wantonly iired on him yesterday — there is ? proof of it. He takes his reluctant bride by force, he courts her with a club, then loves her faithfully through a long life — it is on record. He gathers to himself another wife by the same process, beats and \- bangs her as a daily diversion, and by-and-bye lays down his life in defending her from some outside harm— it is on record. He will face a hundred hostile men to rescue one of his children, and will large enough without it. His delicate stomach turns at certain details of' the white man's food ; but he likes over-ripe fish, and brazed dog, and cat, and rat, and will eat his own uncle with relish. He ? is a sociable animal, yet he turnsasi.de and hides behind his shield when liis mother-in-law goes by.' o o o Mark Twain adds: — 'He is childishly afraid of ghosts and other trivialities that menace his soul, but dread of physical pain is a weakness which he is not acquainted with. He knowB all the great and many of the little constellations, and has names for them; he has a symbol-writing by means of which he can convey messages far and wide among the tribes ; he has a correct eye for form and ex pression, and draws a good picture ; he can track a fugitive by delicate traces which the white man's eye cannot discern, and by methods which the finest white intelligence cannot master. Within certain limits this savage's intellect is the alertest and the brightest known to history or tradition; and yet the poor creature was never able to invent a counting system that would reach above five, nor a vessel that he could boil water in. He is the prize curiosity of all the races. To all intents and purposes he is dead — in the bodv ; but he has features that will live in literature.' . . : . : o o O The other side of the picture is shown by a scientist in a London weekly, who writes : ''It is an indisputable fact that our sight, smell, taste — in short, all our finer primitive powers, are fast quit ? ting us for ever. They are part of the price we are paying for that necessity of this fiti'de- siech period, the big brain. Year by year we relinquish, little -by little, our power over them. So little, perhaps, that even in a lifetime we can scarcely mark the difference. But for all that, the difference exists ; ? although in a highly-civilized community like our own it is, perhaps, hard to detect it. We have, however, but to go to the black aborigine of Australia, to the bushman of South Africa, or to any other of the . : wild tribss whose brain power is as yet compara tively undeveloped, to see in full working order the senses which have been bartered away in exchange for our superior civilization. For, scoff at it as we may, there is no gainsaying the fact that our own blue-painted forefathers were very much upon an intellectual par with the modern Australian, and, like him, possessed the same acutely-developed senses which are already practically lost to ourselves. It is, however, in his sense of sight that civilized ? man compares most unfavourably with both savages and the lower animals. The musty, to me, artificial light, the rush of the locomotive, and many other products of that many -increasing brain of his, have all consipired to gradually despoil the nineteenth century man of that keen, unflinching eye which is the most treasured gift of the lowest savage. Place your aboriginal Australian and civilized Eng lishman side by side on the open plain and mark the difference in their powers of vision. Of intellect, as we understand it, the former has practically none. Nevertheless from every blade of grass, every bent twig or displaced stone, he can read a world of lessons as to the presence of man and beast, that are utterly lost on the other, it only from sheer want of the vision wherewith to see the necessary outward signs of the disturbance. It is, indeed, highly questionable whether this much-boasted brain of ours has not altogether absorbed that third eye which, like the fabulous Cyclops, we once possessed in the centre of our foreheads. This eye was common to all backboned animals, including man, in whom it exists to the present day in the form of a curious little substance called the pineal gland. Its use as an organ of vision has, how ever, long since gone the pime way, in which it would appear that our o*her fast-dimming faculties are trending — to the swelling of that great brain of ours, which, unless we watch it, threatens to even tually swamp all our other faculties. This big brain has lifted us above the brute creation, and has brought us wealth, palaces, purple and fine linen. It has shown us how to kill our fellow-men by bat talions instead of in driblets of one and two ; it has also given us Hooleyism. It has blessed us with the baked meats and fruits of all climes ; but it has also pro'ided us with livers. In short, wherever it has given, it has also taken away, and it seems, in deed, very questionable whether, taking one thing with another, our big-brained selves of to-day are one whit happier than our small-brained, but fully ' sensed' ancestors of two thousand years ago.' 0 0 O All our senses have been dulled by the civilized life we lead, and many lives have been shortened by the introduction of diseases which folio w in civilization's train. Consumption, the greatest scourge of the present day, is one of these. Man is naturally a nomad, and was intended to lead an outdoor life. But, like Moliere's physician, whu admitted that the heart used to be on the left-hand side, 'we have altered that.' We coop our men and women up in close workrooms, where they breathe foul air; we compel them to live in rabbit-hutch dwellings the result is consumption, tempered at times by typhoid. People talk of cures for consumption, but in reality there is but one way of stamping out the dreadful disease, and that way would lead to a complete revolution in the life of the present day. Tn the way of securing healthy, happy lives we could learn a deal from the despised aborigines of Australia. 