FICTION ON MYALONG STATION. (By W. L. Forbes, in the "Argus.") It was a hot night. We were all out on the broad verandah, some playing euchre, others loafing, when the boss strolled up with a stranger behind him. "Boys," said he, "this is my friend, Mr. Willder, just out from home. He's a great writer. He wrItes-a-diction nary and things." "Novels," a mild voice corrected him, sadly but firmly. "A-yes-novels-yes. And he wants, I understand, to see how a station's managed. HIis father's going to buy him a station." "No. Oh, no," said the voice from behind. "No; I only want some im pressions-some local colour." "He only wants some impressions some local colour," explained the boss in a puzzled voice; "and he says you can give him these things better than I can. He wants to be left to you. So to-morrow I'll leave him in your charge. Patterson"-turning to me "he'll sleep in the hut with you." This was what the boss said aloud to us all; what he said in a low tone to old Grayson was, "Find out what the devil he wants and give him plenty. His father did me a good turn once, in the old country." And then he ad dressed the visitor, "Come and have a cigar with me now. You'll sleep in the house to-night, and you can start in on the local impression business to-mor row." When they had gone In, we crowded round old Grayson to find out what it meant. What were impressions? What did local colour mean? Who, was Will der? There were few things that Grayson didn't know. Away back in the dark ages, it was rumoured, and before he took to drink, Grayson had been an Oxford man. "Why, you confounded young dolts and fatheads," said Grayson-he was always abusive-"can't you see a thing that's sticking out plain in front of you? Now this shows the advantage of getting all the magazines up from town and keeping abreast of things as I do. This is Bertram Willder, the ris ing novelist. Two years ago he came out, stayed two months in Melbourne, and then went home and wrote a book. "Saddle and Stockwhip," he called it, though he'd never seen a stockwhip and never used a saddle, except to fall off it. But his later novels have not caught on quite so well. Fact is, the public's beginning to see through him, and the critics make nasty remarks about his ignorance. So he's come out again, to complete his education. De pend on it, you'll all be characters in a novel before the year's out. And a pretty picture you'll make!" We held a mass meeting. that night in the shearers' hut. Grayson was voted to the chair, and he stood on a gin-case and made a speech. A dis, tinguished young novelist, he said, had come up to make notes of us and our ways for a future work of fiction. He wanted local colour-it was our busi ness to see that he got it. He wanted impressions, and it would be an ever lasting disgrace to Myalong if he were not fully supplied with impressions of the most striking kind. This was to be our novel; it was our duty to make it a success. We must make the British public rub its eyes and stare. He sat down amid tumults of applause, and there was holy, chastened joy, in all our hearts. Then the house went into committee to deliberate on ways and' means. What they decided I cannot say, because at the outset of their deliberations Gray son came and took me by the ear. "You're too young, sonny," he said, "to take a hand in this game-too. young and innocent. And your tongue's too long. Out you go!" This was mani festly unjust, because I am nineteen years of age, and am generally con sidered a man of singular discretion. But I was ejected. All the next morning mystery brooded palpably over .Myalong Sta tion. I never turned a corner without coming upon a little knot of men, who stopped talking when I approached. Once it was Grayson and two others. "See here, my son," said he; "this is the local colour committee, and you're not a member. Skedaddle!" In the afternoon I was out by my self, two miles from the. homestead, patching a fence, when I was startled by the report of a rifle. I turned .sharply, and saw, in the next paddock, a man on a black horse racing for the mountain. About two hundred yards behind him were four others, all riding furiously. All carried Winchesters, and every half-minute or so the foremost man would turn in his .saddle and let fly at his pursuers, who answered in lkind. No one seemed to be hit though. Presently they disappeared in the belt of saplings that skirts the mountain, but I could still hea.r a desultory pop ping. Then of a sudden a perfect volley of shots crashed out, followed by a freezing, unearthly scream. Then there was silence. All this had happened in less than five tminutes. I saw the rifle-smoke rising over the scrub not far off, and I ran in that direction with a terrible foreboding at my heart. After. a little search I heard low voices, and imme diately after I came on a cleared space and a group of men. Merciful God! Who was that lying on the ground with a blood-stained bandage bound about his head? Surely it was not Tom Ferguson, the boun dary-rider-one of the two whom I had seen with Graysodn that very morning? Yes, it was; and there was Grayson himself, leaning against a tree, a handkerohief, stained with red, bound tightly round his arm. Ted Wright and Jack Mackenzie were there, -too, each with a blood-stained rag somewhere about him. And kneeling beside the prostrate Ferguson was the novelist, pale as a ghost, with a notebook in his hand. I cried out in my horror. Jack Mackenzie was the first to see me, and he rushed across to where I stood. "Sh! Don't say a word," he whis, pored, hurriedly. "Is he-you haven't shot him?" I stammered. "Sh-h-h! Blank cartridges, ye fool!" Then I began, in a bewildered way, to comprehend. "Isn't Ferguson hurt, then?" I asked. "Ferguson be blowed! That's not Ferguson. That's the Tiger-snake, and he's the leader of a ferocious and des prit gang of bushrangers. We had a scrumptious kind of a gallop after him, barrin' that the nuvvelist man fell off five times, and we had to stop and histe him on. 'Twas a good thing he tumbled just now, though-gave us time to fix up the bandages an' all. He's dyin', is the Tiger-snake, and the nuvvelist man's takin' down his dyin' confession, bless yer little heart. Ye'd better make y'rself scarce-ye might say too much, an' Grayson he mightn't like it. We'll drag our mangled bodies home without ye, somehow, as soon as the Tiger snake fizzles out. Ta-ta." I looked at Grayson, who made angry signs for me to be gone. So I left the tragic scene, pondering deeply. If this was their local colour, they were mak ing it pretty lurid. That evening we gathered in the shearers' hut and told stories. The hut was my bedroom at ordinary times, the shearers' bunks being taken down and put away. There were two beds and some boxes, on which some of the men sat. The novelist came in and sat down unobtrusively on the box nearest the door. His collar and cuffs and his baggy trousers were things to dream of after wards, but all I had eyes for just then was his face, which I had not yet pro perly inspected. It was a big, round, sallow face, with a small black mous tache, and an expression of grieved surprise peered perpetually from. his small black eyes. He wore a large round eyeglass, screwed into one eye. When he smiled it was as if someone had been trying to open his face with a tin-opener, and had stopped half-way round. Oh, a beautiful young man. The story-telling began by Jack Mac kenzie-who still looked picturesque with a blood-stained bandage on his leg-launching out into a personal rem iniscence of a sanguinary and horrible character. Someone else followed with a still more awful tale; and by the end of half an hour the novelist, who had been severely shaken by the events of the afternoon, was totally pros trated. He stared wildly in front of him, and I thought his little black eyes could scarcely protrude any far ther without dropping out altogether; till, of a sudden, he seemed to realise that lie was neglecting the most splen did literary opportunity he had ever had, or was ever likely to have, and he whipped out his fat notebook, and began to write feverishly, while the personal reminiscences proceeded. They were a variegated series, but they all agreed in ending with some body's death. As the teller approached the most gruesome and harrowing part of his tale, his voice would sink to a whisper; at this point the novelist's pencil would drop to- the floor, and he would stare at the narrator in the stupe faction of sheer horror. And no won der; they were grisly yarns, that made a cold chill go trickling do'wn your spine. At last, about midnfght, I saw-Gray son draw the novelist apart. I could not hear what he said-the men were getting up to bed, and seemed to be all talking at once-but I saw by his gestures that he was talking of me; and by the looks of terrified abhor rence which the novelist shot out in my direction I could guess what sort of a character I was getting. As the last man left the hut, I heard Grayson saying:-"He's a dead shot with the six- shooter, too. He can knock the head off a mosquito at 50 yards. By the way, you're to be his room-mate here to-night." And then, signing to me to follow, he left the room. Closing the door, he turned sternly upon me. "Now, look here, young ster," he whispered, "if he wants to talk he may; but mind-no tricks! If you let on he's been fooled to-day, you'll regret it all your life. We've made some capital plans for to-mor row; we've got a whole bloat-load of impressions waiting for him. That novel of his is going to be an all-right un, and if you put your ugly nose in, you'll get it twisted. So look out!" When I re-entered. the hut, the novel ist was lying at full length on his bed, suffering, no doubt, from a surfeit of Impressions. I proceeded to undress in silence, thinking of Grayson's threats. I was down on my hands and knees, with exceedingly little on, groping ,on the floor for a bone stud I had dropped, when a movement at the outer end of the room made me turn my head sharply. To my utter astonishment, I saw- the novelist sitting bunched up on his T'ed, with his knees drawn up to his chin; in his hand was something. Good heavens! The man was pointing a revolver full in my face. "Stay where you are!" he screamed. Don't dare to move, you murdering villain. Try to put out that light and I blow your brains out!" What on earth had.Grayson been tell ing him about me? He had the air of a man who has made up his mind to die hard. He held the pistol very straight, though his hand was trem bling. The room was so small, he could scarcely miss me if he tried. There is no manner of use in being reckless, so I kept still. I tried to argue with him, but it was no good. If I could. have told him the whole truth-but then Grayson would have been so, disagreeable next day. So we' squatted there for a stricken hour; I on all fours, like a dog, on the floor; he, on his bed, like a vigilant cat. I was cramped with my unnatu ral, ridiculous posture; moreover, the night had grown cold, and I was shiver ing in my scanty raiment. But I dared not stir, for fear of that little shining ring of steel. The novelist had not dropped his eyeglass, and it shone in the candle-light like a great round eye; he looked like that one-eyed person in Virgil that Grayson talks about. Oh, if my mother and sisters could have seen their boy, how they would have screamed! The two most innocent per sons on the whole station were sitting with a loaded revolver between them, each in mortal fear of the other. For an hour, I say, we sat thus, and then a brilliant idea came to me. Gray son and the othe?rs had kept me out of all their plans, had they? I saw a way of avenging myself on them, and at the same time of freeing myself from a most unpleasant and preposterous situation. I would let their victim-es cape. "You may not be aware," said I, "that every moment you sit there you are risking your life." " I would risk it still more if I let you move," said he. "No, you wouldn't," said I, "and I'll tell you why. The fact is, the men have got a notion that you've got money about you, and they're coming here at two o'clock to get it. When they've got it, or if they don't get it, they'll cut your throat and .throw you into a waterhole to ensure your si lence." It was a clumsy lie, but he was visibly panic-stricken. He didn't move his revolver, though. "In that case," he said at last, ;"I had better shoot you at once, and then escape, hadn't I?" "Not at all!" I said, hurriedly; "that's just the point. You can't es cape without a horse. You can't catch and saddle one for yourself-you know you can't. I've got to do it for you." "How can I trust you?" he asked. "Oh,. as to that, -you can cover ome with that confounded revolver all the time, if you like." "So I can. Very well. Do it." So I got up and went out, and he must have seen in a moment that he couldn't possibly keep me covered with his pistol in the darkness. To escape was not my game, however. I went quietly to the stable, took a placid old mare, saddled her, and led her down to the hut. He seemed mighty relieved to see me back. "I made a mistake," he said, "but I see I can trust you." "Go right across this paddbck," I whispered; "there's a big white gate just opposite-you can't miss it. Lead the mare through, and you'll be on the road. Turn to the left, and ride for all you're worth. The road leads straight to Muddy Creek railway station, and you ought to catch the early train to town; it leaves at 6.15." "Thanks," said he, hastily. "I can't offer to shake hands, after the things I've heard about you. But you've saved my life to-night. You really ought to reform. Good-by!" And he vanished into the night. The old mare came trotting back be fore dawn. Her rider had evidently fallen off at an early stage of his es cape. But the novelist never reap peared. Grayson and the others were very angry when they found their bird flown, but of course I could tell them' nothing, having slept soundly the whole night. The boss was also some what perplexed at his guest's uncere monious departure, but no one offered to solve the puzzle for him. The novelist left one trace behind him, though. Grayson found a leaf, torn from a notebook, hooked to a splinter on the big white gate. On it was scrawled, in letters that looked as if they had been written in the dark, "Frightened the Terror of Myalong with an empty revolver." No one would explain this. Needless to say, we await the publication of Mr. Willder's next 'novel with some impa tience. 