Paddy Whitten. " You talk about y er riders," said the atockma irum Gill-bäh, " But bless yer, sir, in these here days there air none. ! He wiped his beard and placed an empty tumble I on the bar .W ith the usual-1 times ia dry,' and so I stood one. Well, then, I mildly ventured on the strength c whisky's twain If he knew the time when ridera used to sit 'em. " My oath 1 ' he said (and looked outside), " its juc going to rain, So I'll stop and tell of breaker Faddy Whitten. Now,' Paddy was a native of the Clarence, lowe down, Who learnt to ride before he'd finished sucking. At ten there wasn't anything from Syd. to Graftoi town Could throw tho lad by any trick ot bnoking. So Paddy took tu breaking as a nigger takes to beer Got jobs from all the stations on the Clárenos, Gould ride the wildest brumbie-no 'monkey, ' kid,' or gear, No fanoy grip-he done it all by balance. On a station up the river where they brands a WC They'd an outlaw horse (St.Aeton by Redemption) And when he got to business, Hogan's ghost, he'< kick a flea Off his ear with any horse yer like to mention. For trioks quite unexpected he could beat an arm] mule, He had killed ten riders blaok and lamed a whiti 'on. And to make the ' galling ' bigger in the yard he'e look a fool, . You oould catch and gear him up just like a'quiei 'on.' ' \ ' ; . ' ' But when yer went to mount him, pat yer kicket on the bar, The betting's twelve to one' yer on yer back, ' With dust and splintered railings foiling like t shooting star, , i And the only healthy plaoe was on the oap. Well, Whitten ínakea a wager of a fiver three times took " '"'?? , That he'd ride the outlaw horse without a fling. The terms of same to ride one hour and nse a heavy hook, i So Paddy booked his bets and rode to win. They runs the horse into the yard aa quiet as an; iamb;' You'd think he waa a jaokeroo town hook. I remember them's tbs words OB was spoken by Salter Sam, When he placed the blooming saddle on his back. The boya were seated on the oap that ran around the yards i Paddy Whitten graba the reins and gives a grin. Then afor you'd say Jack Bobinson the horse was booking bard, .. With Paddy in the saddle, oool and grim. He bucked and reared and buoked again, but vain were all MB tries ; Paddy Bat him like a Briton every time. Then the horse, just a stamp and snort and over tbo cap he flies, And for the scrub he makes a wild bee line. '. When Whitten found the horse was making for the Borubby oak He tried his best to turo him for the flat. . But just OB Paddy took a pull thc blooming bridle broke, And then the orupper parted with a Bnap. Then Harry Napp and Billy Marah, who had their horaea near, Took after him as hard as they could ont. And headed him just at the creek that runs through Deadman's Share, And drove him in the paddook round the hut. Now, Paddy didn't budge an 'inch, he sat hia horse in style j He filled and Ht his pipe and had a smoke. And there the blooming brumbie was abuoklng all the while, And Paddy on him laughing flt to choke. Well, perhaps you won't believe, but the bill's true when leay - For eight hours stretch that horse buoked all he knew, And I gives the bun to Whitten as Ms rider of his days, ' And I tell yer in me time I've seen a few. He rode that record eight hours buok as never man . before Has ridden ; and no man will do it hence. And when the horse WBB beaten so he couldn't buok no moro, He went and broke his neok upon the fence. .Well, so the ride was:finished and Whitten won He won them eight times over, don't forget it, - And talking of the same reminds me that I never forgets ; - ?. . ? , . How Paddy got his tea that night and ate it. The cook she bolled some pumpkins and eome taters real soft, ; Then we mashed 'em into balls, quite light and \- thiok. - ' . ' ,: . ' So we'd gallop' after Paddy and we'd take a flying shot, ? Hit him eomewhere on the : body. There they'd Btiok. ? THE OHUMMIB. TRADE ASD LABODE IN QUEENSLAND.-Evi- . denoe of-increasing prosperity ÍB afforded this week by a report from the varions foundries and engineering Bhopi in Brisbane, showing that os ooa,pared with last year they are employing about S3 per oent. more hands, and skilled labour is said to be very soarce, Meat-extraot works, Bugar mills, and gold-mines. have eaoh added their quota to the stream of trade, and the outlook at present is in favour of still greater activity in the aurrent year. For while all tho primary industries are expanding and the building trade is also brisk, there is promise of a larger amount of Government work both from the Railway Department and from tho Colonial Architect's branch. Plans are in ocnrse of preparation for a Lands Office aloss to the Government Printing Offioe, and for a central railway station to be ereoted cn foundations whiah were put in five or BÍX years ago. In addition to these it is contemplation to complete the fine block known as the Treasury buildings, of which Borne: thing more than three-fonrths were ereoted some time ngo, leaving the Queen and George streets corner to be - built. Apart from Government works there are n number of more or less import- ant buildings shortly to be undertaken, and archi- tects are busier than they have been for years. PASTEURISING TESTS.-To see what advantage, if any, might be derived from heating the whole milk, instead of the cream, and also to see what difficulties there might be in thus treating the milk before eopnrating, several trials were made nt the Ontario Agricultural College in Ootober of last year. A vat of milk was heated to a tempera- ture ranging from 95 deg? to 98 deg. (average 97 deg.), and half of it was separated. The other half was then heated. from 150 deg. to ICO deg. (aver- age 158 deg.) and separated. It was found' that the cream was richer from tho milk heated to 158 deg., and, in separating, the Bupplyhad tobe in- creased in order to prevent the oream outlet from dogging. The running of the milk through tho machine in greater volume did not increase the loss of fat in the skim milk. All the experience of the experimenters goes to show that the aapaoity of a separator is increased, and that it will skim cleaner, by heating the milk to 100 deg. or over before separating. In ohurnlng the two oréame, it was found that the oream from pasteurised milk ohurned in a little less tiaiB than, and with less IOBB of fat' in the buttermilk (0*13 per cent,), as compared with 0-19 in tho buttermilk from tho unpaateurised lot. The following were the total points obtaiued, respectively :-Butter made'from pasteurised milk, 93'3 ; hatter mado from raw milk, 92.0. Therefore, with a proper syBtem of heating the milk, pasteurising the milk maybe successfully done. It will inoreaso the oapacity of tho separator, give oleaner skimming, and ensure a bettor quality. of oream and skim-milk. The quality of the bntter ÍB better where pasteurisation is praotised._. 