A NOTORIOUS WELSHER. Quick. Cfevei'. and Determined. Puacli was a notorious old wolsbcr, almost as well known on northern racecourses as the redoubtable Gap- tain Heap himself, and in emergen- cies almost as resourceful. He was quick, clever, and determined, and by his thieving operations he earned plenty of money, but be lacked tne gallant captain's ability to take core of it. consequently 'lie was nearly always " stony, t and frequently obliged to confine bis attention ro the flats .'out side tbe ring, where the opportunities of a welsher are poor by comparison. Many years ago he had set up bis " Joint," in the shape of an old- fashioned, bumble "Judy." on the racecourse at Chester. He weathered tlie storms of the opening day without finding any nrccessity.io do a. shunt, nurstaff himself rather carefully for the second, which was tbe Cup day. He made up lib? mind to go easy through the first -two race>i which pre ceded that famous race, so lie might be tbe better able to land a coup there on. But. alas ! Punch was but mortal, and a mortal not blessed with much power In resisting temptation. And when he found in the second race a moderatolv rrood field, with one r> re- nounced blazing liot favorite in ft, be could not resist the temptation to take the money. It was a case of C to 4 on ; but, by dint of hard work and ac cepting a little less -than the market price, be found bimsolf with an un usual number of clients, and, wlleo the betting was over, a. satchel full of .sliver, with a liability, if the favorite wcu. ay tfnr above his possibility of meeting as it was beyond bis inten tions. TJie favorite was on Iho cord as run ning in a bright scarlet jacket, which Punch looked upon as fortunate, that being so easily disocrnabJc In the dis tance. Immediately the flag fell, the eager cye«?of the welsher vere look ing out for the scarlet jacket, making ready to move off tfa moment he bad reason to apprehend the slightest dan ger of it being found in front. No sign of it. however, IxHng there, be boldly held his place, especially as something in yellow was leading by twenty lengths. The cry of "the favorite wins" as they passed the post, and a haaty glance, assuring him there was no scarlet jacket among the runners, struck Irim with dismay, the wholo truph of the situation flashing through bis mind In an instant. He liad left mined bolt. Unfortunately for liim some of his clients saw hitn. and rushed after him with the dreadful cry, " A welsher— a welsher !" Tuncli was fleet of foot, and he dodged with amazing rapidity through the mass of human beings, and getting safely through the crowd, reached the street leading up to the city. His enemies, in full cry, were after hiiu. He bolted up a side street, but Hie pursuit con tinued. aud ir tvas evident some of his pursuers were gaining ou him. and, worse still. lii» wind was giving out. As ho ran. casting his eyes in every direction for a haven of refuge, he es pied a large pair of gates with the small door iu theni open. Being now alniosr. exhausted, lie leaped through ibis door, slammed if. to. and turned the key. ivlvb-b. fortunately, was in tbe lock. In a few seconds eight, or icn of tlie leaders of the hunt arrived at the. gates, only to find their en trance barred. While scam1 of them held a 'hurried consultation, cabers thundered nt the gates, ami after a little time it was decided to storm tbe citadel. With this purpose they began to climb on one another's shoulders, when suddenly tlie doors were thrown wide open, by a lad. aud n countryman stood there in. a " float" loaded with fat pigs ready to- drive away. " What tlie devil's all this row about ?" enquired the driver. "A welsher ran Jq here a few nrinutos ago." answered one of the leaders. " and we mean to find him." w efi find hi in then.'' was the surly reply. He eanna' get away from this yard without coming through these gates." Then, turning to his lad as he drove quietly out of the yard, he said — "And you. .Tack, shut the gaies and lock 'em when the gentlemen have gone." Of course, as our readers will sur mise. with the driver and his load of fat pigs the welsher had gone also, neatly covered wiih straw, and the worthy driver brilied with a promise of a couple of soveteigns if he got him safely out of the city. Tlie better part of the story, how ever, remains in the sequel. It didn't take long for a part of the company to search every nook and corner of the premises, while Tlie remainder kept guard at the gates. Of course, the search was unsuccessful, and, as there was no possibility of escape otherwise, itoccurredrotiiom that the surly driver bad done theni. and got the welsher away witii ihe pigs. Whereupon, they seized the boy, and swore they would bang him if he didn't tell them all about it. and where the float and pigs were bound for. and .they so worked upon the fears of the lad that lie made a clean breast of it, and a very few minutes more found as many as pos sible packed in and on the top of a "fly" tearing -through the city in dut- uit of tbat float To jump off ftfre fly aud "bold up" the driver of fat pigs was tbe work of an instant " I'll tell you all about it," cried the trembling wfretdli; " (he's under (the straw among tbe pigs." In another Instant the gnznters were bundled into the road, also the straw, but there was no sign of Punch. " Why, dom him." cried tbe driver, between rage aDd fear, as white as a ghost, "P'-'s bin an' welshed 1 as well." ; The facx being that while toe bad gone leisurely along with Iris float and fat pigs, whistling with glee to think what an excellent jlay'& work he bad done. Punch had quietly slipped out behind, and made tbe best of bin way to the railway station, and tbe baffled backers, appreciating the comi cal site of the situation, burst Into a roar of laughter, the principal subject of regret among them apparently being that they 'had missed seeing the race for the Cup while they- had been chas ing a welsher. At Newmarket, England, more than any other meeting, it is frequently proved that in a dose finish nnlv th» man in tVia box can possibly tell what has won Jockeys have often experienced an un-. pleasant surprise when, under the im pression they -had just got home, they nave found the verdict given against them. George Fordham once had some thing to say on Ihe subject. A certain horseman vehemently declared he had won a race when a short head decision was given, against . hjxn; in fact, he explained, feelihg so sure of having his rival set, he left off riding on the post. " Of course you did,1' dipped in Ford- ham, who had quietly listened to the aggrieved one's tale ; " and that's why you got beaten. Ia a (dose finish," con tinued the Demon, " X always ride hard for a 6tride -or two pakt where the post seems to be, . and i think it malfM g wonderful difference to who&e; short bead itis." t Says a rcftftnt Fngbafr crpbnngp ; « Tfa 1 open door ' in our turf policy seems likely ' to be taken fan of (Ji« ypsr. as v yrifii an American-bred cofc.favorite'hfr the Two Thousand,' and ra Fkenchhte - one atS to 1 for "the Derby, we tsfcdy being chaltengedall rotmifgn OTOr,ihe cream of LfaFrahch ieaiS|fl -tavar 