TOPICS OF THE TIMES. A . CHOICE SELECTION OF IN- " TERESTING ITEMS. Comments and Criticisms Based Upot /the Happenings of tbe Hay— Historical and News Notes. A bunoh of Louisiana rice shows a: yield of 4,500 grains from a single' seed. The submarine telegraph system of the world consists of 120,000 nautical miles of cable. At Amherst, N. S., recently, Rev. Dr. Hartley , lost a valuable ring. He advertised bat got no tidings - until a dream revealed to him the fact that the ring was under his bed, and he found it on one of the slats. In London the daily papers talk 1 of bridges for pedestrians on street cross ings, where the crowds and the vehi cles now often make an impassible jam. This was tried on Broadway at Fulton street, New York, but the bridge was so little used that it was taken down. The grave of William H. Crawford, who was United States Senator from Georgia from 1809 to 1813, then for two years Minister to France, and afterward Secretary of . War in President Madi- : son's Cabinet and Secretary of the Treasury under Monroe, is nnmarked by so much as a tombstone. Gin Non, a Chinese merchant of Riverside, CaL, is about to return to China to secure himself a wife, and in order to be allowed to land upon his return, ho has drawn up a certificate selling forth who he is, and had his photograph pasted on the same sheet, ond had the different county officials sign the document. The theory that there was a connee- ion between Babylon and China in ancient times has much in its favor, and as the idea seems to be growing in im portance it may he interesting to know that it was suggested by an American, Rev. William Frederick Williams, in an unpublished letter addressed to Rev. Leonard Bacon, D. D., and dated June 15, 1853. The document is preserved in the library of Yale College. No objection was made to the mar riage of a young Louisville couple; yet, for the sake of romance, they executed a sefisational elopement. They met by appointment at 3 o'clock in the morning and boarded a locomotive for a "country .own. There they routed a justice out of bed in " the small hours and were quickly made one. They then returned uo the city, where the bride roused her arents and introduced her new hus band. The Yassar Aid Society, whose ob- ect to to promote friendliness among i.hoe wh ) have graduated from the col- ego aud also to help needy students, he d its first annual meeting in New Y<»rk recently. President James M. Taylor, of Yassar College, said that >4), 900 had been expended by the trus tee ; of Yassar iu the aid of students vho were anxious to complete the course. The college, he declared." would spend in. a ; similar way $11,000 tor. The present school year. The man who considers that the hon.e duties of "a woman are inferior to the political work of a man must be eitber'a bachelor "or blind. The very highest' qualities of the heart and in- te lect may be exercized by a mother, sister or elder ' daughter, in watching over Ihe physical, mental and moral growth of the children in her care. Heroic patience and vigilance that, never tires, an adaptation of means to rhe e..d,-a careful" study of individual traits, a keen .psychological insigh inay_.fiud ample room for exercise wi.hi i the four avails of even a humble heme. ./ : r A fretyy, bird story comes from We tviile,- Conn. In the summer of ISSD Mrs. A. R. Burwell found in her doo ry.iiid ; a : yonn g robin which had 'a leT and: hurt itself in attempts to fly. !3he terulerly cared for it/and it in time became a strong, healthy bird. It b«-. cariie qnite fame, seeming" to desire no g.enler. freedom, than the house af- huded, arid'would" answer at the whis« tied call of members of the family. It lived there for. a year, when it was taken out of doors, and after hovering ircuud for a while, disappeared. Last wcekf the bird returned to the house and voluntarily resamed its hospitable , quarters there. . Fifty years age there was no reason to doiibt the coireotnes3 of Bonpland's : he' -rv, that the depth of the deepest ea corresponds to the height of the highest mountain; but the supposed maximum of .five miles has now been friund tojfall short by mere , than 6,000 feet, at 'tin ee different points— nearly midway between the Island St. Helena, iand ! Cape Lopez, on the west coast of AfAi.'a; sixty mile8 south of the Maldive Archii elago, and in the "Group of Abys>e=," as Capt. Baudissin calls a nuiuber of remarkable depressions near the eastern extremity of New Guinea. A avniTEit in a contemporary is com- olaiiung that the tendency of current i'era'.uie is to encourage the belief in ghosts, says the London Pick-Me-Up. This is, perhaps, a little sweeping in ts charge,, but there are certainly one or two papers that are doing their level best to make us heli&ve; that the wail of j (he cat on the dust-hole is the ory of the spirit from the vasty deep. Then there are two or three well-meaning, bat painfully misguided societies that will send half a dozen representatives down to your place to get particulars of the ghost you hear inside your wall paper, and which subsequently proves to be the baby next door with indiges tion. , „ Two and a half miles sonth of the little Mexican village of Las Hummet- tas, in Western Arizona, is a low, sandy valley, flanked by tall mountains, there i3 a hole abont three feet in diameter and of unknown depth, from which a dense crowd of smoke and steam is con stantly arising. For 100 feet on each side of the hole the ground is moist and heated. Water collected in the holes which has been dag in this moist ground has the tendency to make one very wakeful, besides giving the face, hands and feet a paralytic numbness. Every evening at 7 o'clock large vol umes of sand are shot from the hold, preceded by a roar that can Be heard for miles. - The report from Germany that Prof, Koch has abandoned lecturing in conse quence of having discovered a cure for consumption by inoculation will stimu- ate curiosity not only in medical oiroles but throughout Christendom. Any scientist who profc3ses,to be able to rob : his modern scourge of its terrors neoes- ' iarily becomes ; an interesting figure in 'he big world. Prof. Koch's original sxperiments were apparently successful the identification _of the character- 'die germ of this disease, although the e ul ts were questioned by ' high medi al authorities. If he has now followed n Pasteur's track and discovered some _ 'effective means of inoculating patients igairist the disease, the development of lis curative |system Will be watched with eager interest in many countries. A publisher was saying recently hat the Chautauquan circle in this sou u try is largely responsible for the I'eient marvelous interest in Latin and .atin literature. At no time within ifiy years have so many text-books, -omrasutaries and translations been Timed from the press. The tendency >f the colleges to make Latin and Greek "plional studies, instead of allaying this .H ere ,jt, seems to have excited ambition unong budding scholars all over the ountry to master the dead languages. Since the first American translation of Virgil a. year a two ago the publishers' vo- ds .are full of MSS. of Yirgils, loraces, Ovids, and Lncretinses! At east two other schools, besides Ann Arbor University and Washington Seminary," are planning the production >f classic comedies also. The Paris corespondent of the Lon- Ion Morning Post says a carious story aas leaked out as to how M. Constans, \- he Minister of the 'Interior, managed o frighten General Boulanger out of France and thu3 bring an awkward sit- lation to a climax. The minister knew tbat one of his subordinates was in daily :ommunication with the General and in formed him of everything that passed it the ministry. Knowing that Boul anger was restless, M. Constans scrib al ed on a slip" of paper: "Arrest B., !t., and D. to-night." He' then called lis subordinate to give nim some in structions and toyed with the slip of iaper while-talking. On pretext of be- .ag obliged to give an urgent order the ninister left his desk for a second and he thing was done. He saw by the 'ace o? his employe that he had read .be pa; er. He then sent the clerk ont >n an errand not requiring haste. Soon ifler M. Constans received a visit from >r.e of Gen. Bonlanger's domestics, vhom he employed as a spy, that his tratagem had succeeded and that preparation for a flight had been made. From trifling inventions large for tunes are often made. The pen for ihading in different colors yields an in- some of $200,000 per annum. The rub ber tip at the end of lead pencils hai already made $100,000. A large for tune had been reaped by a miner who invented a metal rivet or eyelet at eaoh end of the mouth of coat or trousers pockets to resist the strain caused by he carriage of pieces of ore or heavy tools. An equally useful invention is he "darning weaver," a device for re- 'airing stockings, under garments, etc., he sale of which is very large and in creasing. As large a sum as was ever ibtaii.ed for any invention was enjoyed by the inventor of the inverted glass bell to hang over gas to protect the -eilings from being Blackened, and a scarcely less lucrative patent was that for simply putting emery on cloth. The gimldt-pointed screw has pro duced more wealth than most silver mines, and the American who first :honght of putting" copper tips to chil dren's shoes has " realized a larje for tune. Upward of $10,000 a year was made by the inventor of the common needle threader. To the foregoing might he added tlionssnds of trifling but useful articles, for which large sums have been paid. - The field of invention is large, and open to everybody! ; with- lutrrespect to sex, age, or station. - _A man in New York.has in his pos session a tin box full of stock: certificates diat cost him .$65,000, .and; are now utterly worthless. . ... . ! Many a clever gentlemari: has. failed to- make, his mark in life, owing to the want of a dress suit 