CURRENT NEW8S tUp to the end of August 407,081 bushels of last season's moalo were shipped from the Clarence to Sydney; It is rumoured that the proprietor of the Zig Zag pit, Lithgow, Is prepared to give the same price for filling tlrough coal as tie Oakey pit, viz., is 4,bd per toll. Two hundred and fifty pouods was re ceived by tie miners' aecretnry Lithgow; last week in aid of the strikers. It is now sixteen weeks since the strike began. , . Passengers. via San Francisco have, as a re sult of the now law directed against tihe ad mission of undesirable aliens into the United States, to answer over 20 rqustlons before they are permiltted to land. Filveonteamers arrived at Wllcaonla from Echoca on Saturday with 600 toins of produce, consequently prices for all lines have been conslderably reduced. Chaff a fortnight:ago brought £16 10s, and Is now ,£6. Kerosene wns20s 'a case, aind Is nos 10; flour, £18 a ton, now £10. " Parasol " writes -Somne autocrat has in structed the police not to allow theo, people having business at tile Quartuer Sessions to stand on the steps or in the rportlco of the courthlouse. It would Ie time enougi to make aim order liko this when seats are provided elsewhere, say bl the court grounds. A curious volrnm hs been prsebntcd to thle Chelsea Public Library. It Is a Burmeso book, wrtten,- or rather engraved, as no lnk isoused with n stylus upon some 300 strips of dried palm leaves.Tho palm leaves are held to getherby two pieces of wood, and the edgesi of the whole are decorated Iringold and ver milion. At a meetling of tile Mutual IHelp Society re cently held, the vice-president (Ilrs. Newton) oxplressed great regret at the recent sad loss by death of their late highly-respected presl dent (Mrs. Weathorlll), who was one of the founders of the outual Help Society, and who from Its inception took a most prominent part its the working of tile society. loer loss Is gretly deplored by thie ladies of tihe com mlttee. An Amrrlcnoflectrlciao, Air. W. J. Clarke, ihas suggested a means of detecting the pre sence of i shipor in iceberg'by wireless tele graply. The apparatus whiic Iro proposes Is so arranged that when tawo ships approach each other a large vibrating gong will ring Ins each, and the transmitter Is so arranged that the signal would be operated at a distance of fron ono-to ten'mles .. . . A novel flying macllneo, domoinstratlng, the homing instincts of the bee, took place recont ly at Wlgtoni, Britain, between a pigeon and ten hive bees, the latter belng'smenred with flour so as to render them. distinguishablo from tihe otherdoenlzens of the hive. Tbhe'dl tanro was a mile, and the pigeon bent Its dlminutlve opponents by 30 seconds, hbut the bees made splendid time, and arrived home In six minutes. The Railway.Cosmilssloners will arrive In Newcastle at 11.40 this miorning, and after a general Inspection, they will be prepared to receiove deputations ut the Scott-street offices from 2 till 3 p.m. The Nowcastle Coun cil will bring up the matter of tree planting In Hunter-street Weet, and tire Chamber of Commerce will make appllcatlon for a reduc tion In wool freights from the north. The Commissioners purpose inspecting the train lines aufter 3 o'clock. .. A lantern entertlainment and concert was given at thIe llunter-street Presbyterlal Church last night to the evident enjoyment of a large numbcr of young Ipeople. ,Tho views wore worked by the Rev. J. Downeoy. ?ilr. 0\. V. Jenner sang "The Dentl of. Nelson " (illustrated). bliss . Frasoer sng "1 The Holy City ;" ir. Walker rendered 1 Remember lme no more ;" Master J. Woods gave "The old folks at home '-as n a'vIolIn'solo. lIss Lily Rodgers wits the accomlpanist for theotven ing. *. . Fitzgerald Bros. opened their, New South Wales circus season at Tcnterflcld last even ing. AMr. C. Upfold, manager of,the Sydney Soap and Candle Coonpany,- returned front a visit to Samoa on. Saturday, ovening; Mr. Rose, M.P., predlets that the Newcastle contingent of the. Lbour party will either resign their seats or vote with the Opposl tiLon. Lord Wolseley,- Commander- in-Chief, lia now entcredrupon the forty-eighth year of his militnry' service. During that time he hnas earned' eleven war medals nnd eight other decorations, and about a dozen clasps for bat tles and actions. The Government of the Congo -Free State, with the object of preventing the threntened destruction of the Indiaribber trees in that country, has promulgated 'n decree by which it is .provided that for everyuton of rubber yielded aunually there shall :be planted not less thuan 160 trces.] - Fifteen clergymeInI Newd i]runswick, N.J., have Informed the 'people uf that city that they discountenance Sunday funerals, not only because of the unnecessary and uncalled for strain upon theo as clergymen, but because of the amount of Sunday labour required of labouring men who need rest. At the police Court yesterday five members of a push were sentenced to imprisonment (two to three months, and three to a month) in Mainltland Gaol for having brutally assaulted three men In Darby-street on Saturday night. The sentences should be a caution to members ,pf. other bonds'of larribins who infest New castle and suburbs. On Saturday Mr. J. N. Brunker, M.P., vislt ed Largs and Morpeth in order to inspect the damages sustained during the recent flood. Mr. Drunker found that the silt in some In stances was heavier than that deposited by the flood of 1893. This is particularly the case at the Hinton crossing; the accumulation of sand on the Morpeth side being so great that tile punt cannot reach the approaches. Mr. Brun ker at once communicated wltll the Works Department, with the result that a dredge has been ordered to Morpeth to remove the ob struction. His Honor Judge Docker, who is presiding over the Quarter Sessions opened yesterday, told the jury, empanelled in the case of Ro bert Smith, alias I-Iunter, chalrged with iL leicting grievous bodily harm, that it would have been better if the accused had pleaded guilty. The jury could not, lie said, come to any conclusion but one of guilt onl the evi dence of the accused, who had admitted the pushing though not the striking of the injured man. Thile act of pushing was submitted to be ounjustifiable. The jury went oult to ten, and returned Into court at 7.30 with a verdict of " not guilty," apparently much to tile sur prise of the Judge. The result of the deliberations of the Con gress of Medical Scientists on Tuberculosis at Berlin is a very uanulmous deliverance to the effect that consumption is not a hereditary disease, as was commonly believed, and that It is quite curable under proper treatmeot. Dr. Friedeberg, medical adviser to the Bcrlin Fund for the relief of the sick, remarked that the result of the deliberations of the Congress showed that tuberculosis of the lung was cur able, and that consumption was essentially a disease brought about by defective social con ditions and by unhealthy occupations. He also dwelt on the necessity of iplproving the lot of' the labouring classes as the first con dition of successfully combating the disease. The success of wireless telegraphy and the remarkable capabilities of the Iertz rays have led a French electrical savant, Dr. Le Bon (atates a Dalziel message from Paris) to turn his attention to the possibility of applying this force to modern warfare. The result is the startling announcement that he hopes shortly to perfect an apparatus by which, seated comfortably at home, several miles in land, lie wouid hle able to projelcct a current callable of annihilating a fleet hovering off the coast. The explosion would be occasioned by the shower of sparks resulting from the con tact between tihe projected current and the electric wires on board tile ship, which shower would be so intense as to immediately ignite tile powder and shell ol board. The " British Trado Journal " mentions the issue of a French official decree, cstablishibng all export duty uponu motler-of-peall from tile French colonies of the Pacific, the aim being set forth by the Minlster for the Colonies as being to help the home industry, which, under present circumstances, Is compelled to buy the mother-of-pearl It requires ill foreign countries and also to remove to Freslch ports the market for mothler- of-perl which is at present at tie ports ot London, Liverpool, and Hamburg. Tile amount of the duty would be equal to about 5/ per cent. on the trice of the shell shipped to England. This will affect ' i000 worth of nother-of-pearl shipped from French .Oceania, of twhich scarcely ay goes direct to France. Thant countiry lports shell to tile value of C20,000 annually. James Drown, forgery and littering Alick Israel, inflicting grievous bodily iorm ; and Thomas Watson, breaking and entering, pleaded guilty at tihe Quarter Sessions yestir day, and were remanded for sentence. Daniel Corbutt, charged with stealilg from the ler son, and Robert Smith, charged with Inflict isg grievous bodily harm, wvere each acquitted by the Jury. A young man named Francis Walpole, who was alleged to be ons of the " Droodueadow pushl," was tined L6, ill de fault one month's imprisonment. for disturb ing tile Sevenith Day Advoentists' religioun meeting at I-Iamflton, the Judge suggesting that tile young man's comrades who had got hisn into the trouble should subscribe tilh anmount of the floe.. Tlle Court rose at 1.30 p.m., and will' resume this moroing at 0 o'clock. A social in aid of the R.C. Novelty Carnival will be told in tile Mansole" IfHll to-unight. Tio monthly meeting of the Nowcasthe Cathedral Young People's Guild will be held to-night. The high.reputation of tihe Windsor lnMaga zine is maintained by the August number, which contailns, among other interesting mat ter, the third of Iaa MoneLareo'sa papers, " A Scots OGrammar School;" "Tlo iloaking of Armour-plates for DBattlesilp ;" " Germlnoc nud the Ghost " a short story by Alfred Sinado nand an instalment of S. It. Crockett's new story " Joan of tile Sword." As usual, tile illustrations are nuomnerous and excellent. 'lr. J. N. Drunker wiii sell by nloation, tils afternoon, at tihe wharf, near the horse ferry, enginn and boiler, boring machine, circular sow bench, and combination machine. 