MEMS. FROM THE METROPOLIS. FROM OUR OWN CORnKaKONDENT. I _ Sydney. Tuesday. niE military fovcr, which, like the influenza, had caught on so koonly and was pretty general a week or so ago, is abating. Our attention is now taken up with tho telegrams from the yape, anu uicso are followed with much interest. Not that thoy aro very satisfactory, for thoy are so contradictory and jumbled that trying to read thom with any regard to con- tinuity is out of tho question. Ono day'a nowa is contradicted tho noxt. Take, for instanco, urn cauie regarding tko death of General Joubert. It wan repeated with rcmarkablo porsiBtenco, but when further and lator news ,fc '8 l'10 Gcnornl was only ill. This is tho fablo of tho throe black crows over again. Ono thing, however, is plain. Ihougli tho British havo had losses aud reversos, on tho whole thoy havo had tho beat of tho deal, aud tbo Boers are getting it very warmly. TiioiF lust attack upon Ladysmith appears to havo been a most disastrous affair, nnd thoy lost very heavily. In tho campaign, tho British ai tiliery is proving all that was expected of it. Exjjorts long sinco havo stated it was tho best artillery in tho world, and ovents havo provon that tlio complimont was well deserved. Tho infantry and cavalry havo not forgotten oithor how to fight,— tho long poriod of pcaco, with only an occasional littlo war to keep things moving, has not ©norvatcd them, and tho inannor in which they showed tho ,,-itivo nrdour of their raco at Glencoe, iMftmlsIaagto, and various skirmishes and engagements which havo occurred Rinco this cruel war" opened, well upholds tho old traditions. In a fow days, ono may expect to near of tho relief of tho beleaguered fortresses of Ladysmith and Kimborluy. As for Mafoking, it can look after itself. Colonel Badon 1 owolt lias given tho Boers such a aurfoit f lighting— such rcnoatcd doses of cold etcel and lyddito shells— that I am quito prepared to Move thoy havo raisod tho siogo and havo marched off. In 0 tow woofca there wilj bo important dovolopmonts. Whon tho garrisons in northora Natal aro rollovod,— whon tho Boom find it necessary to go to tho dofonco of their own hearth's nnd homes,— thoy will find behind thom an unrelenting onomy, who will never cry crack till the Union Jack is waving over tho Government 'residences at Pretoria and Bloomfontoin. Mattora Parliamentary aro getting on very smoothly. Tho Ministry appears to navo a fatr hold of tho Houso, and in putting through mattora very woll. It is tho goneral impression that the existing Government will continue , during tho lifo of tho prcnont Parliament. As, howovur, Mr. Kciil in endeavouring to b« Promior ot the timo of Fodoration, with the hopo of being Promior in tho Fudoral Parlia ment,— making tho ono tho atepping- atono to tho other, — ho will work vory hard to pitch 00% tlio Government. Mr. Lyno and hie colleague aro awaro of this, and consequently do not permit any looso chinks in their armour. They aro keeping all points woll guarded, for they nro perfectly aware thabon tho othor side of th Houso are many unssorupulous opponents, wh think overythlng is fair m politics. However, as roembors do not want an appeal to the country, and as ono would bo sure to follow a crisis, it is not liholy that honoarablo mombera will immolate thcmsolvos to further Mr. Reid'i ambition. Tho Governor has beon up north, reviewing and camping with tho Australian Hurso. He " . likes thin al fresco kind of lifo, and it seems to egroo with hiin remarkably woll. Ho is nerer better pleased man wnan travouing aooav, sooing tho country, and when ho leaves the colony— bo his stay horo long or short— he will havo travelled and noon more of it than any of his predecessors. His Excellonoy woiild have likod Lioutmmnt Lindsay, who was his A.D.O/, to havo rointiuod in tbo colony, but lio was not selfish enough to ordor hiastay and thus provont bim going to South Africa to join his regiment, Blr. Lindsay's coureo of promntiou. would havo boon intorfurod with, and Lord Boauchamp would not ho a party to nnytliing liko this, Ho miaBna him vory much, for thoy wero great ohumsat homo. Tho Assombly in enjoying itself immonsoly now at tho oxpenno of Mr. Affleck, tho member for Yrtss. That honourablo membor is a bit of ft bore, and wastes a lot of timo by moving irrelevant amoudmonts whon tho Houso is ia committoo. Howovor, ho is put up with, on account of tho fun bo affords Just now ho hat introduced a Bill torogulato tho working hours of domnstio sorvants, and it is such an ahaurdity that ono cannot discuss it-aoriounly. Tho con- sequcnco is tlmt whonavcr tho subjoot Is mentioned, mombors nmilo; nnd whene\or they are buttonholod by the ibomber for Yass, thoy get awny as soon as thoy can to somo quiet cornor, whon they can havo a littlo laugh. Mr. Slcath in blosnoming into ono of tho wita on tho Annombly. He is at his best when dealing with our military forces, and an hll particular butt is Colonel Noild, that gallant muinlxjr almost nhivors when Mr. Stonlh seta him with his steel oyo. Colonol Burns, of the Lancers, is also ono of the military swells, who Imvo attracted his attention, and he devotes somo attention to hiin. Ho has had a good iloal to say about the Lancero who luft their comrades at tho Capo and nru returning to tho colony. Ho has been and ntill in very narcoslio at thoir cxpunao. Colonol Burns, who is ft rnoinbor of tiio firm of Burns, Philp, nnd Co,v is much chagrined at tlio commouts mado in the Assombly, und is talking about what will bo dono tu tho members of Parliament who haro mado reflections, whon tho Lancorn return. Ono of Lha beat-known of Sydnoy architects. Mr. W. W. Wardcll, diod on .Sunday. Ho was tho designer of St. Patriok'a Catheilral in Mel bourne, und St. Mary's Cathedral in Sydney Ho wan a gentleman with a world-wide reputa tion, and- was a pupil of tho most eminonb English architect. Mr. Wardolt was in tho ncrvico rtf-tho Viotorian Govorument, but ho- was a victim of tho Black Wednesday business It was of him or Mr. Archer that a story used to bo told, in which tho lato Peter Lalor fiffiiml. Thn nvnrk vnrti T ;lnn't rmnmlvir hni perhaps somo of your readors will recolloct It Ddtlh has boon very busy among'our leading morchntilo mon. Mr. Willio Mitchell (of Tooth and Co.) died suddenly on Saturday morning of homurrhngo of thu brain, nnd Mrs William Price (of Henry Bull nnd Co.) diod tho satno morning. Ho was 08 yours of ago, and had boon a leading figure for a long time In Sydney (commercial lifu. Mr. Mitchell was a prominent man in socioty, nnd his wife may be said to bo one of our soiuty beauties. Tho but tor oxport from Now South Wulon to inoroaning, which shows that our dairying industry has dovolopod into projjortions much boyond what waa autiuipatod a tow years ago, Tho Britannia, whioh sailed on Saturday, took away 11,313 boxes to tho English market This is tho largost shipment which over loft the colony. Tho matter of Mr. Coghlan has boon causing mnu oxeitomout during (the l ist fow weeks, Mr.. Coghlan, who has held tho dual position of Statist and tnonibur of tho Publio Service Board, has low friou<l9. Somobow ho is not porsona grata with many pcoplo. Ho prefors tlio . Statist's position to that of tho Publio Survico, and indeed us a mombur of tho latter hu lias buon moio or less u cypher, though the service has boon so ready to think evil of hira» that hu has buon frequently saddled with the sins of others. Tho correspondence botwoon him and Mr. Wiso is nico reuding. " Dear Mr, Wiso " and Dear Mr. Coghlan " wo all know to bo muaiit to covor more than good fooling, Thu fact is that Mr. Wiso has always looked upon the Hlatist as tho apodal friend of Mr. Reid, and anyone who is familiar or who has in any way, hulpod tho lato Promior, is BIr. Wisu's ononi). Tho outcomoof tho correspon dence is that Mr. Coghlan Iins elected to tako up his old position as statist, retiring from tho Public , Service Board, and in tho meantime he has takon a month's loavo, and a board, con sisting of Messrs. Wiso, Crick, and Seo is to sit to_ iuvostigato somo differences wbicii havo arisen between Mr. Martin, an officialof tho Statistical brunch, nnd Mr. Coghlan. An effort has beon mado to iuduco Mr. Coghlan to object to tho hoard. But ho is so mire of his position that ho in only too glad un.indopondent board oi politicians shall mako inquiry, that ho hails with pleanuro their appointmont. Tho Admiral's flagship tho Royat Arthur which was governing Hobson's Bay during tho Cup carnival has roturnod to Sydnuy. No hostijo flcot mado its appearance, and as tho Empire is _ now at peace with all tho great powers, it is not thought necossary for tho ship to remain at Mulbourno. It's marvollous how theso nlariun of an onomy and cahjcs regarding European csmplications como to hand just about Cup timo. Thoy must bo gravo and well founded to require tho prcseuco of tho Admiral and tho grcator part of tho Australian squadron at that particular timo. Howover, it is pleasing to contohiplato that all dangor Is The French System with Regard to Credit.— A correspondent sends us tho follow ing I loam from a contemporary that thoro is apoculiar law in Franco which it is tobo hopod. in tho interests of long.credit-Ioving folk, will noycr ho introduced here. It relates to escro- quiro, which, though defined ns " swindling " 111 tho dictionary, io a crimo whicli has no (lis- tinct countcrparl in any country but Franco. An Lnghsh lady, I read, was recently sentenced to twolvo months imprisonment for ordering » contumo sho was not ablo to pay tor, and an English govorncsa was sontencod to six weeks' imprisonment for taking 03 homg ablo to pay tho faro. Tiio French," says tiio writer, "aro onnuontly. practical people, and sco no great differenco botwoen running off with an articta and gutting it without paying--for it." If a similar law wero enforced hero, our prisons would Boon havo to display tho announcement, otanding room ouly ; positively no freo list." A Ghost in a Copper Mine.- Somo coa» fltornation lias boon caused amongst somo of tho minors at tho Blayuoy coppor mino by tho visitation of a ghost in ono of tho shafts. Tho raou hear strange noises, holls riugiug, singing, groanuigs, olc. Miners going bolow liavo their candles extinguished by a supernatural visitor, and somo of tho mon atlego that something brushed past them. Six men havo left tbo niiqo owing to thetcfroy tbo qhopt hqafosylrt, 