€ncore. Brough hints that a good season at Melb. Princess might persuade to lease that house, and embark upon larger managerial ventures with a second co. Yam.: I see that the management bills The Christian as the Nineteenth century Sign of the Cross, which is not overwise, as the two plays have only a surface resemblance in them, and The Christian is seemingly a decent drama, which The Cross never was. It might reasonably be called the nineteenth century Brand, as there is a parallel in Hall Caine's story and Ibsen's epic. Brand and John Storm are irrational idealists of a type, and in both stories the idealist is the cause of disaster to himself and all whom he comes in contact with; and, whether intentionally or not, Hall Caine inculcates the Ibsenite moral of the perniciousness of popular idealism. Some stage statistics: The salaries of the new artists engaged by Rickards in London, if they were all performing together, would amount to £2,776 per week. Aggregate amount which will be received by these artists out of the coffers of the only Riekards during the whole terms of their engagements will run to <£66,624. With one exception they have each been engaged for six months, the lowest weeklyscrew being about £25 and the highest <£150. Also Riekards is now spending -£50,000 (approximately) in rebuilding his Melb. and Sydney theatres. And Australian audiences get the benefit of the best music hall talent of England for prices ranging from 2/6 to 6d. Bernard Espinasse, now Williamson's playwright, revised the version of The Christian, now being played at Adelaide Royal. Said that Christmas panto, at Sydney will be from his pen. A WAIL FROM MELBOURNE. Oh, critics! critics! tell us, do— Muchly doth the question vex; Re that naughty noble who Impiously pursues the sex, Must we call him Gay Lord Q, Or is the giddy lord's name Quecks? San Toy, the new comic opera produced at Daly's, London, last month, included Ada Reeve and Fred Kaye, last here with the Gaiety co. in the cast. W. H. Woodfield was at one time a famous tenor, so far as Melbourne, Adelaide, and Sydney were concerned. It is almost like meeting a ghost to find that a benefit has been arranged for him in Perth. His daughter, Grace Woodfield, appeared on the programme, also Ada Willetts, who was a pianist prodigy in Ballarat long ago, before it was fashionable to send. promising youngsters to Europe. Affairs have not gone too well for Woodfield for years past, and THE CRITIC hopes that the "ben." realised a substantial sum. J. C-. Williamson took his Melb. farewell modestly. The fact that The Mikado was to be the last Princess production under his management was scarcely known to the Melb. public. Theatregoers Photo' by Bishop, Melbourne expected a largely boomed farewell at tlie end of his lease, and were disappointed when they read his good-bye speech in the dailies. Williamson's reception when he came before the curtain was one to be remembered. Melb. audiences have not always treated J. C. W. well, but he will never forget the applause that night. Y.: During Brough's Melb. seasons I have much admired a neat blue and white whatnot that decorated the room of the two Algies, and appeared in The Liars and elsewhere. Behind the footlights it looks a particularly beautiful bit of furniture. The other day I saw it "behind" at the Princess. In the honest light of day I was pitifully disillusionised. That whatnot is dirty, and decrepid, and unbeautiful. In justification of this par. I would mention it has a moral—the specio&sness; of the theatrical. London Era says that Peggy Prpde has profitably invested her Australian pile. To that paper she has reiterated the locally made statement that she intends to setle permanently in Sydney after an African and American tour. Harry Cogill's co. is said to have netted J£178 for a one night house at Menzies, W.A. Prices, 6/ and 4/. Miss Ada Coley, it is printed, is engaged to be married to a wealthy American. She is now the star of Koster and Bials' Music Hall, New York. South Australian 8'Oar Crew Who compete in Intercolonial Contest next Saturday* in Melb. 