Curiosities of Marriage. Something for the Women Of .all subjects, marriage is per haps the most generally interesting — except to the married. Here is a catalogue of curiosities in matri mony : Probably the briefest courtship on record was that of John Bate and Mary Ann Bass, who were married in August, 1S19, in a small town in New York State, after an acquaintance of one hour. A poet .of the period thus immortalised tho event Is this not angling well, 1 ask, Such tender bait to take? He caught in one short hour a Bass : Tho Bass though, caught the Bate. On tho other hand, long- extended courtships aro by no means un common. A conspicuous one «vas that between Captain Thomas Baxter, of Quinecy, and Miss Whit more, who were united at Bridge water in 1788. The bridegroom was sixty-six years old, and the bride fifty-seven. Their wedding brought to a successful issue a pro tracted and tedious courtship of forty-eight years, which they both Coming down to our own times, the roar 1892 is irjU.v-rrthy. for perhaps the most expeditious mar riage ceremony ever performed. It occurred in the .States. The con tracting parties desired to catch a particular boat, so a justice made them husband and wifo in a car riage while the horses were being rapidly driven to the wharf. A minister refused to unite the couple and only ten minutes remained before the departure of the steamer, but oven in that brief space a jus tice was found and the knot was tied. Tho happy pair caught the boat. Marriages in queer places aro hut the natural outcome of this novelty loving age. In 1897 a wedding was gone through in a don of lions, when tho bride and bridegroom, the clergyman, and as many of the bridesmaids as could find room, on tered the den, and tho entire cere mony was gone through. There were two lions in the cage, but they appeared too amazed to show ferocity. During the Chicago World's Fair a marriage took place on the Ferris Wheel, at a height of 250£t above the ground. Another couple chose tho inside of the head of the huge figure of the Goddess of Liberty in New York Harbor for their mar riage. Very quaint, too, was the idea of the bridegroom who chose a spot in a cemetery, close to the -rave of his first wife, as the scene fctt1 his second marriage ceremony. Weddings have been solemnised in balloons, and in coal mines, by tolo phone, and on tho phonograph, in show windows, and on house- roofs ; in fact, in all sorts of places have twos been made ones, not excepting death- beds. In connection with death-bed marriages, hero is a remarkable in cident. Some years ago a young Hungarian military officer was re quested to pa}7 a visit to a rich widow of sixty, who, the doctor saiii, was on the point of death. The soldier went, and tho lady said that if he married her all her wealth would be his. Thinking the chance too great to bo thrown away, he agreed, and they were married, j Then a remarkable thing hap pened ; tho supposed dying woman picked up her health again, and lived for another twenty years, eventually going honce in 1890. IT is a truly sad story, as tho young man's life was ruined by his un happy marriago. The chaplain ot a country gaol once married a convict. The clergy man was a widower with quite a retinuo of children. This excep tional union would not have been known but for the fact that the wife neglected to report herself on her ticket-of-loave, and the officials of thoPoual Department complained accordingly. In conse.queuco of this tho chaplain was appointed to an other prison. Many unexpected things have happened at weddings, but it is rave indeed that one hears of a brido becoming insane immediately after the ceremony. .Such a case, however, occurred at a marriago in Stuttgart. 'Hie couple were re turning homo from the registry office, when suddenly the brido sprang from the carriage and ran to her mother's house, where she throw herself on the floor screaming that ghosts were following her. Tho unfortunate lady had gone raving mad, and was taken to a lunatic asylum. In 1892, at Christehurch, New Zealand, a woman minus arms was married, tho ring being placed on the fourth too of her left foot. Such an event has occurred before. In the marriage register of the church of St. James, Bury St. Edmunds, is this singular record : — ? 1832, November 5, Christopher Nernson, Charity Morrell. Charity Morroll being entirely without arms the ring was placed upon the fourth toe of her right foot, and she wrote her name in this register with her right foot. — ' Daily Mail.' . 