WEBLEYAN. ANNUAL SYNOD. Tnee thirty-seventh mnnual synod of 'lthe Guelbarn Wealyenn Methodist Church was held in the Lectare-hall on WedneadO and Thursday. At the pastoral session there were prerent the R ve. Mi. H. Parkinson (chairman), Bow tl; J. W. Winpear. Gonlburn ; W. Wee to, Croohw?Oll; ~. W. Roberts, Yars; W. Pearson, Gunning; A. Stephen;, Qaeanbeyar; E. 0. Thomas, Youvg; B. A. Oarver, Miten. gong. A dispeneation of ibseeee won granted to Bev. R. M. Laverty of Young on tho ground of illness, and sympathy won ex pressed with him in his afllolilon. The RBe. M. H. Prlkinson gave a short address and welcomed heo new ministers to' Ihe district. The Rev. W. Pearson waoe eleoled secretary. nod Rev. A. Stephen aesia tont. Rev. A. Stephen was entrusted with the Sndaoy-soliol eobhedales the Bev. W. Weston wilh Ihe property, nod the Rev. P... W. Roberts waoe apponted press reportor. , . The hours of cession were flied at 10 n.m. to 12.30, and from 2 p.m. to 5.80 p.m. The eunal questionc concerning ministerial chraler were considered and satisfectorily answered In each osee. No minister or preachor on trial had died during the year, nod no supernumorary requested to be em phloyed in circuit wiok. No minister won to be left withe nt charge. The Rev. E. A. Thomas was advanced a year in his prob tion. There were no candidates uoffring fur the ministry and no offers were received foer the f rriga missionary work It was reported that the Rove. M. H. Parkinson, W. W-eto, lrd F. W. oLeerts; complete their three years' term ao the forth coming ooflorence and shall then require appoiotments. Permiseion was given to all the ministers. of the district to attled conference. As the alteraoon eseeion the lay repreeen tsrives to.,k their seats and were eurdially welcomed by the chairmon. IFrom the report prenented by Ihe.property secretary we gather Ihat there are forty.ooa cherobes and forety on other proeachig places, showing no increase of neeohroh annd three preaching plasce. There are nine pear aonges. The d. hbt existing on the varioes properties is £6i06,'r £366 teas than a year ago. A echool.halt had been erected at Oenra Craee, Cooma circuit, at a coot of £60, with an eoxitiog debt of £24. The at tendants at divine servic re ar 6400, an in. crease of 195. There are 212 active, 88 nc. ooieato,. and 15 hInorary members of tho Christian Eadeavour. an incrense.of 116. The Banday- scnhol report disclosed that there are 25 eoboale. The number of child ren enrolled it 1676, an increase of 17. The annual coot of maintaining these schools is £160. The linraries in connection with them contnin 1785 volumes, with 401 readers. In the Bands of Hope there are 478 pledged ablstiners. Tha ballot for thorepresentative to con ference resulted in the election of the Rev. W. Weston. The Rev. J. W. Winspear with Iearsen. W. S. teuall and E. Long wore elec tedno th? distribution committee of the sen tenation fuend. After diaoseelon it was unanimously tc solved that in the opinion of thin synod it is advisable that a connexional fire insurance society be formed. It was reoomumended that Crookwell, Yens, Young, and Qu?anboyao receive granta from the uenteaooton fund. On the question of the extenolun of the term of the pastorato to apossible five years, it was found that out of eight quarterly meetings five voted in favour and three against. The voting in the tructees'mooetlgs, of which twenty were held, resulted in filly three for and twenty-eight againet. The veto in the eynod was eoven fer and four against. An invitation wasereceived from the Bow rel circuit that the tynod neat year be held at Bowral, which waso unanimously accepted. The evening ceasion was devoted to heo consideration of the work of God, nearly all of the members speoaing on the subject: It was resolved-" We humbly record our deep and inoreasieg concern for the Ohuoch of Obriet of which we are part. We are doe voutly thanhful that many signs of life nod progress are manilest in every circuit in the dietrict. We are convinced that there are urgent reasons for carofulnens that in many ol the now habits and methods of church life to-day supremo regard be paid to the ecson tial importance of personal devotion. to tha Lord Joene Christ and to the contonual der sire for the tebohing and inspiration of the Holy Ghost. Theo only eshll we continue to spread Scriptural holiness through the laud. For increased fitness for this work we resolve to labour and to pray." The cession woe continued yesterday at eleven o'elook when the minatre were formally tigned. Votes of thanks were given to the ohairman and eteretary, and to those who had entertained the ministers doting the synod. 