HUMOROUS BEADING. Some well minded ladies and gentle' I men started a Soeial Improvement Soc iety for the boys in the sporting suburb in which were a number of raoingstablee Approved books and parlor games were duly provided, and one evening the local curate, entering just as one of the lad< closed his book and rose from his seat said, 'Well, my boy, what have you been reading.' 'Amlet.'cametheteraoreply. 1 Ah tthakspeare's masterpiece, the stu' pendous oreation of an incomparable genius 1 Now let me test your memory. Where was Hamlet when he saw his fathers ghost ?' 1 Ycr liok mo there,' said the boy, scratching his head, ' but it's ency odds 'e was gerin' to asorappin' match earlier in the even in', 'cos don't yer mind 'e aek'd th' other bloke if 'e was goin' to 'old ther watoh'I At one of the London Clubs two card players were much annoyed by the clase of bore who persists in looking on at a game and making remarkB about it. After standing the nuisance for some time one of the players asked one of the spectators to play the hand with him till he returned. The speotator took the cards, whereupon the first player left the room. Pretty soon the second play- er followed the example of the first. The two substitutes played for some time when one of them asked the waiter where the two original players were. " They are playing cards in the next room' was the waiter's reply. Hrs. Tenspot : I am so glad that you are engaged to Harry Willoughly. Was I it a long courtship ? MÍBB Skidmore : "Not very. My oyolometer registered. I about 700 miles.' 'Havel got the pleasing expression you want?' ' said Mr Gubbons. 'Yes, sir,' said the photographer. ' I think that will do very well.' ' Then hurry np. It hurts my faoe.' 'How did it happen that yon fought only four rounds, after announcing that the match waB to be to a finish V 'We had to quit,' was the answer. ' Some, thing went wrong with the man's oam era.' . Sf rs, Ferry : 1 The paper has the plotures of some of thé loveliest house gowns on sale at Sellap'e," Mr. Ferry : This house does net need a gown. A coat of paint will have to do, and that will take all the money I oan apare.' What makes Miss Gimlet hate Jaok so?' ' Why, he has a fondness'for'the songs that were popular when he was a boy.' ' Cid he offend her musical taste V ? ' No. He asked her to sing, ' Darling, I om growing old.' It ls recorded of a young fop who vis- ited one of tho Rothohilds that he was so proud of his malachite sleeve-buttons that he insisted upon exhibiting them to his host. The latter looked at them and said : Yes-it is a pretty stone. I have a mantle-piece made of it in the next room.' 