©ales m& gktkhts. [Au. Riohts Resisted.] THE HOUSE ON THE HILL, G. B; BDRGnr, (Author of ' A Qaaker Girl,' 4c, 4c) Past I. Itabel Archer daintily crossed the Gray'' Inn Road. After beathing a- devout little prayer of thankfulness that abe had not bceo offered up to the deity who presides over the tnnu there, she surveyed her muddy skirts with an expression of refined disgust. ' Then is nothing like London mnd,' ahe mtued, ' to make a girl feel that she belongs to the lowly onei of the earth. I suppose this ii tha entrance to Vernlam Bnildiogs. Let me look round so that I ehall know it again.' She looked round. Then she drew a slip of paper from her pocket and consulted it. 'Ho. 122, Vernlam Buildings,' she said, narrowly escaping the charge of a British workman who was bearing down on her with a window-frame. 'flow for Messrs. Perkins, Soton, and Dilwater.' She entered No. 122. One of tie walls bore a legend to the effest that the offices of Messrs. Pel kins, Snoop, and Dilwater were the first pair back, bhe sprang lightly np the atone -steps, only to ba confronted by a aratement that all parcels for the firm were to be left in the basement with the porter. 'I am not a parcel for the firm,' said Isabel, decidedly, 'and I will not be left in the basement. Stay, here is a bell. I wLl beard Messrs. Perkins, Snoop, and Diltrakr in tbeir den. Why, even their door is sticky with paint.' \- She polled the maty bell-handle, which somehow or other had .been overlooked in the general thirst for rejuvenating this venerable pile. The echoes died away. She rang again. No reply. At the third pull, the door opened suddenly, and a .small voice entreated her to ' stow it' When Isabel recovered from her astonish nent, she looked round for the owner of the voice. She found him in a comer, seated on ? atooL He was a small youth with a big bead, which waa naif bnried in a thrilling xnmsnoe of the blood-and-thonder order. There was a highly-imaginative drawing of a trapper knocking Indians down with the batt- end of a rifle, and in the foregroim;! several other white men were busily engaged «41oiu ' Lo. the Door-Indian.' * 'Ah. said the little boy, fondly contem plating this work of art, 'that's gory, that fa-real Buffalo Bill.' He tore himself reluctantly away from the paper, and dropped the string with which be had opened the door. 'Perhaps yon will have the goodness to attend to me,* add Isabel, somewhat sharply. The mnd had tried her temper. ' Pot down that rubbish at once.' The small boy pnt down the paper, and wheeled his stool round nntil it rested on one leg.' ' What cin I do for yon, madam V he ?aid. in obviou imitation of someone else. 'Sou can anawrr my questions,' said Isabel, peering into the den, the sole Inhabitant of which appeared to be the juvenile spider before her. ' I want to see Dr. Perkins ' ' Kensal Green,' said the small boy, deeply resenting her tone. 'First turning to tb* left after the entrtnc*. Marble moniment and geraniums. Besnrgam.' ' Dead r queried I»«EeL . The small buy nodded. . ' As a herring,' he said. babel consulted the Jin of paper. ' Well, then, Mr. Snoop!' . ??Hnchley.' saiJ the im.U boy. . 'Ask the lodge-keeper. Plain bou and lobelias. Deeply lamented.' Isabel began to feel frightenrd, There was something uncanny abont this weird imp. *? Mr. Dilwater ?' ahe queried, in faltering tones, ' Ii he— is be alive ?' The email boy shook bis head with pr»nd Importance, yet mournfu'ly wilhaL *' You've not heard ? ' he askev'. 'Heard? No.' ' Weft to Greece for the vacation. Sbot by the Brigands. Reqniescat in pieces We've cot one of his ears and his awy chair like to lit in ii!'* ^ Isabel fe!t faint. ' Do— do their ghost* attend to business ?' ahe asked, in t be manner of one on the eve of a great discovery to be communicated to the Physical Society. ??Who are 'We'?' '? Mr. Oabchiek,' said the boy. ' He and meV aU that's left.' ' And where is the LaBt of the Barons to be foapd?' asked Isabel. ' I don't know nothing about the L%at of the Barons, M said the boy. ' Mr. Dabchick'U be here d'recklj.' ' And what am I to do in ths meantime !' 'Take a walk,'aai.l the boy. Something appeared to strike him. *' Have you got an appoint ment ?'' ?' I have come after one,' thoaght Isabel. ' Yea, she said ; ' bat not at Keuiol Green or Finchley.' ?'Then why dide'e yon nay so?' said the ?mall boy, implying that she had wasted a good deal of his valuable time. 'B.canae yon didn't ask,' said Isabel, botly* ' Show me some plicc where I can The small boy descended from hia perch. He was older than his eize implied. ' Come this way,' he said, flinging opca a. door. Issbd was surprised. Shu followed the usalL boy into a spacious apartment, the windows of which looked oat into the bdAutifnl gardens of Gray 'a Inn. Not a ?ound coold bo heard of the traffic only a bandred yards away. Stately limes spread their bending boughs protcctiogty over the gtipeuwarcl. Pigeons, rcoks, starlings flew atont in perfect security ; they were under I he very eye of the law. The sparrows had lost the perkinesB peculiar to their kind, tu hopped in um solemn a manner as the Jackdaw of Rheime, after he bad felt the withering effcts of ihe Archbiabop'a curst. Even the cats had a veil-fed, prosperous air. The room itself was large, well ?furnished, with the customary Turkey ca-pet. A few choice engravings bnog on the walls. In the listening to ft nightingale, waa a card with 'Did yon bear the nightingale ting? A beantiful, silken voice, a web of happy notes, and my aoul was taken io its meshes, and strangled and tortured thereby.' Isabel paused before the word*. ' A lawyer who reads Heine is an anomaly,' she said. ' I am glad he has not gone, to Kensal Green or Finchley.' *' Thank yon,' replied a voice behind her. Isabel did sot lose her self-possession. She merely turned round and bowed to the new oomer. 'It ia a bad habit to think aloud/* she remarked- ' Mr. Dabchick V 'I am glad you didn't Bay 'I presume.' It is so suggestive of XivingBtone and Stanley,' said Uie new-comer, a shrewd, wtll dreased. prosperou-lookuig man of forty, with a rose in bis button-hole, and wearing patent leather boots. 'I don't like to see a man wearing patent leather boots in the morning,*' thought Isabel. 'In other respects he is presentable.' Mr. Dabchick's dark eyes took in Isabel at a glance. ' Well-bred, ladylike and very well droned,' he said to himself. 'We ought to be able to come to terms, particularly as 1 have found oat all about ler. Won't you take a chair. Mud ' 'Archer,' said Isabel, filling op the panse. ' Fhank yon.' He treat op to the wall, opened a door in the oak panelling, and drew out a blotting-pad and some paper. *' I like to eliminate all signs of the office,' he said, noting her anrpriv. ' The . popular idea of a lawyer is that he has a dull, dark den, wherein he H«s in waif, like the ant-lion, at the bottom of a sand*hoUow, at that the unfortunate anta come tumbling down into his open jaws. But we have changed all that. We keep the machinery out of sight as mnch as possible, when you have once passed the threshold.** ? *' It is not a {-repossessing threshold, certainly,'1 aaid Isabel. Then there was a panse. ' I suppose yon wanted to talk to me about the advertise ment,' eaid Mr. D.bcbick. ' Where did yon seeit? *Time»?-M ?' Ye».n ., ' Ah 1 it is always better-to put that sort of thing in the 'Times.' Some people are alwayra«iusing the ' Times ' because it is old fashioned.' ' Bat abont this appointment,1 suggested Isabel. 'Oh, yes,' said Mr. Dabchick, as if the subject really didn't matter. 'It's for a middle-aged lady, a client of mine, who wants a companion ' ' In the country or town V **In the country.' fie eeemed to think he had given all the information necessary. *' Bat what am I expected to .do V asked the pooled Label, lifting her dark eyelashes in tfae direction of Mr. Dabchick. Mr. Dabchick toy*d with his paper-knife in a listless fashion. 'There really isn't much to do,' he said, 'except to be with her more or leu. Ride, drive, play, see that the honaenuid darns stockings, and ail that sort of thing. You've plenty of nerve ?' ' Oh yes. Why V — ' Lonely sort of plica,' Raid Mr. Djbchick, 'right away in Deibyehirc, not far from Chatsworth. Ko society, except Geoffrey 'And who is Geoffrey Heame ?' 'lie looks after the estate' said Mr. Dabchick.. ' Oh, there is an estate.' 'Yes. Miss Siimmerby owns*. lot of land betides the House on the Hill.1' This was a Ktlle more explanatory, 11 Of course, yon would expect an adequate compensation for go'ng to a lilace like that,' said Mr. Dibchick. ?' Would a hnndred a year be sufficient ? ' tie said it in a tone which implied that money was no object. ' A hnndred a year would do very welL' aaidl3ab,L 'It would to I'ress on,' said Mr. Dabchick. still more listlessly. ' I think I - n-ht to explain,' said Isabel. 'I am trying this as an experiment. I have no income of my own, and am living with my ?noujer.' 'Just so,' taid Mr. Dabchick, glancing at the beading of the note Isabel had written to the 6'tn 'People cant live in Bryanston Sqaare for noiliing. I thought when I got your note that, it would Le nil right, so I mide inquirie-.' Isabel felt rather checkmated. She was prepared to enter into an explanation of the motives which had induced her to leave home. Mr. Dabcbick did not appear to core to hear them. 'Lady Archibald Ellis will be happy to answer any inquiries you may think fit to make.' said I-abel. ' Oh ye*, quite to. I don't think it will be necera.ry.' mid Mr. Dabchick, who prided himself on his imperturbility. 'If you are ia rearch of something new, something which will keep yonr hands fall occasionally, I should think the position wonld suit yon. If yon dout like it you can always gt back to ' IVhen Khali I go?1 a.kxd Itabel. 'Any day next week,' EaiJ Dabchick. 'You need cot hurry. By the way. Miss Sumroerby is rather puzzling sometimes. Yon'll understand that when yon have been there a little while. Can I offer you a glass of sherry and a biscuit ? No ? Then I &ink; I need not detain you any longer.' ' One moment,' said Isabel. ' People do not offer a hundred a year to a companion wtthool some very Rood reason. What is the reason in this case?'' 'Ah,' amid Mr. Dabchick, becoming quietly prompt and hard, 'yon have divined that. I «an'f «ay more. Will yon take yoor ' Yes J' aaid Isabel, firmly. ' I wfU.' 'Gripps,- called Mr. Dabchiek, 'the door. Good morning, Misi Archer,' and Isabel was miking elowly down the Gray s Inn Road before ahe recovered from her enrprr-e. She felt a new being. 'Here 13 something to live for,rfshe said. I wonder how mamma will take it.' . Mamma took it very calmly. 'It « absurd of yon to go away, Isabel,' the said. ' You wfll have the -money when I die. 1 think energy 'is very bad form. I know all abont the Sommerbu by report.' She dismissed the matter from what the was pleased to call her ' mind,' and went on with her novel. . ' Anything is better than this idle, melees life,' thonght Isabel, abandoning tier long treaaes to the ekQfnl maid. 'It will be » new sensation to do my own hair.' She went to b.d, and dreamt that Gripps was biting off her ears and buying them in Kensal Green. Some one rescued her from his tenacious crasp. V I am Geourey Hearne,' said the stranger, and ahe fell aateep ajrain. Airs. Archer declined to see Isabel off from St. Pancras. ' You have crossed the— I forget the name of the river, bat I believe it had something to do with the landing of William the Conqueror,' she obsetved with a Bnblime, if somewhat bazy, contempt for history. ' Yon have cross -d the— oh, yet— ECubicon of yonr own free mil, and I cannot bear to see you go. I am ihmkfnl yon did not elect to be a lady help. I have escaped that shock. We have mnch to be thankful for in this world ; I hope we shill be spared lady-helps in the next.*' *' Don't be profane, raiir-'** 1' eaid Iaftbal. ' Was I profane t' inqnired Mrs. Archer. ?? I didn't mean to be. Ail the servants are going off as lady-helps, and ituoeaaouny one. Write and tell me how yon get on. There is a hydrupathic place near rimlow, not far from Chatsworth. I think I « ill go there in: a few months, and then yon can come and! see mo. But I don't expect you will stay at I Bedingfidd longer than a. week. I will tell Perkins to keep your room in readiness. Ihe Erlises want us to go to-them when the season is over. I shall not £now. how to account for yonr absence.11 ' Lady Archibild already knows all about it,' said Isabel. Then Mrs. Archer solemnly spread oat her hinds to heaven and gave Isabel np. 'It is this craving for originality,™ the moaned, ' which is destroying as ss a safion. * W« want to do everything in a different way to everyone else.' '1 had to give rrf jrences,' ssid Isabel. The carriage came round, and ahe departed There was nothing very interesting about the journey to Derby. tSha left by the twelve o'clock train, and arrived at Derby a little beyond the usual lime. . At two o'clock she began to fed hnngry, bat' tfae manner in which an elderly couple opposite devoured their Innches disgusted her. They simply revelled in the antediluvian fowls supplied in the railway luncheon baskets. They finished their salads with fierce determimui'M, and drank cheap claret with the sir of people resolved to have their money's worth. I he only other occupant of the carriage, a young fellow of.sbont five-and-twenty, waa more interat=ng. Settas tall, fair, aid well-made. His tweed travelling tnit wasn't new. but ookedasif it were thoroughly comfortable. He had * very state forehead, which showed all tha more distinctly owing to the hue of a complexion bronzed by exposure to wind »i d weather. The muscla ot his brawny arms were evidently etro-R as iron band*, to jidge ly the nay in which he eanng a somewhat heavy valise into the rack. Be apprared -o be observant, for Isabel noticed the look cf astonishment which sprad over hii features wben one of tlieehjerly Ira reliefs swallowed a bluebottle in her diret, ' tVonder if it's drowned,' he muttered behind his paper, and his shoulders shook. Presently he changed pspers with Isabel, and so skilfully monceuvred hii own that it shut from her, sight the gorged and sleepy luncners. she felt grateful to him. It was a piece of (rood fortune for which she thanked the gods. Yonng men were all so very much alike that it waa a relief to her to find one who could display a little originality. They got on very comfortably together. Jnst before they entered Derby he electri ted Isabel by leaning over towards her (he bad been lookiog out of the window rather anxiously, the thought) with ?? Excuse me for my apparent rudeness, but there will be a smashnp directly ;' and before she could reply he placed ber very carefully on the floor, falling on one knee beside her. The Innchers began to shriek and call for the Ruard, thinking that they were in the soc ely of a madman, who wonld cruelly cut UV-irtt|hTt«bc/O7tbey d'S''*! the lunch h:ch hid afforded (hen so much enjoyment. The muscular youth timdy let them take their chances. ' Nothing can hart them after lunch,' he murmured to Isabel. ' Tbey ? ' Was it a chaos! an earthquake? Shouts — cries — a low rumbling sound — then a crash —a elasbir-gof carri.ges-a shivering shock — sphnteri-ig glass in =11 directions-then a gradual tileace, only broken by occasions! ' Yon a'' g't op now,' said the yonng fellow u, habe!, speaking sameu hat heiMy 'I ih.ught »e were all right, bat it was bater.otak: precautions. If. not muchof a smash I saw that duffer who b driving [he goods train get on the wrong line, and before he could shunt wa were into him Its really nothing when you know it's coming.' g Isabel got up, feeling rstheroonfojecl 'd shaken, but not much the worse for this sew experience. It seemed to ber that the stnnger did not make half enough of it He appeared to regard it as one of the necessary incidents of travel. 'Of course sre havent say usnranee tickets,' be said, cheerfully. ' That is jnst mv luck. I bought half a dczsn papers the but rime I went to town, and calculated that if I had been smashed 1 should (or, rather, my people should) have made about two thousand pounds ont of it. Some people are always down on their luck.' He appeared to regret ihe absence of papers more than the accident itself. The Innchers clung to him, and entreated to be taken ont of the carriage and sent home. They had been severely shaken. The man's nose bled profusely. He thought be was going Io die, and moaned out that he wasn't prepared. 'Oh, yon won't die,' said the unknnwn youth. 'If yon lived so long after that lunch nothing can hurt yon. Of csnne, you have a U4sk. They wilf take onr names and addresses directly. I've cot my hand rather badly with the glass.' 'I owe a great deal to you,' ssid Isabel. She now knew he bad arched himself over her and kept away the falling shower of glass from the window?. a- Why didn't you try to save the others »' f-Obr He msde s wry face. 'So people like that deserve to be saved J It waa a care of survival of the fittest. Pardon my non sense, but I wanted to get your nerve back. Here comes the gusrd.' * 'Anybody hurt, guard?' be continued, addressing that worthy. 'Mostly riba, sir, said that functionary, ' What's the matter with you t' ' Lots. Cot my hand ; torn my coat. I shall have a heavy claim against the com pany.' '? What name, sir?' 'Geoffrey Hearne.' 'Address?' ?? TJje House on the Hill, Hedingfida.' '.ill right, s»r. And yon, Miss?' B^tognefd.^'' *? H0Me ' «T HflI' Geoffrey Hearne looked at Isabel- Isabel Providence that shapes onr ends.'' said Geoffrey. ' Miss Archer, ?hatshoojdl 'i^onlyTrry^ »'**.* »» -U To Isabel's ntter astonlahmenf ber limbs ^.7'! ^f1?am,w««l,™'enUy. Geo^Hesi^reltrS^^te Heruahedoff, utterly forEsUuloF hi. «.„ wants, and soon returned^S, ,he str^r mmmt 1? isloo!^'11'1'* to ^» -WS getfrightenld^^S1'- *Vy *«*» it all rlghl^'5- AUtae'«linewnipnt tio^X'^urrvi^^H^. * -»' fcdyto «'t^° pIeas!mt sfSut ''-? » did «&!%££&*.'??«'--*. 'h admired the Xek ^l* ?p onc- but sI'' -&hr;^£-^~forhe on the couch h«v thi * ^' ^ doirn ™?, and you'll JL ' SIT J;OU with ''' l^tyourrirrcsrSiL n£', ?*?**? ll ^ thought you S^^JJ^-M ttat he betehe^d^fL't^ to ™ \--f^h^P^^afmS: (how she gets out nu , ?** ov*r 'ta «y. but sbHrnS ont and ,VBt they dm-t aS''. I suppose) and . ra &** barf: which bring' h^'tovn^118 «* «^R whole th& u orer H 9ZJ? raaI Ue th* fuss at alPwe cSr S?***** there's »' to »*«*Wd bSi^t KV' ^™v ^o^^anaSU^to **« carted through the ^^ Bhades of night, Isabel feeling drowsily comfortable and not at all disposed to be curious as to when they would reach their journey's end. It really didn't matter. The train sped on through deep cuttings, whose wooded sides hemmed them in. Tall fox gloves nodded and shook their pretty bells to greet her ; the wood-pigeons' cooing note came with softened melancholy through the night. little silvery brooks trickled adown the very verge of the line. Here and there a tall chimney reared its head, but there was no smoke, no noise, no confusion. Only the fresh coolness of the night, and above them the solemn pines and whispering larches. The great full-orbed moon arose, flooding every nook and dell with light Two or three times they stopped at little stone stations embowered in clustering cle matis, the chimneys of which were sur rounded by trailing iw, whilst gray lichens spotted the slate roof-£ As Isabel watched the silvery willows bending to a little way side stream, Geoffrey Bearne suddenly ut tered an jer?lamation. ' Look !' he said to Isabel, wlio was half asleep. ' Look ! the House on the HOI V It stood upon a lonely hillside in the midst of fair gardens — a great, plain, unpre tending structure of solemn stone, now softened into tenderness by the hrring light cf the moon. No trailing Sowers hid its rugged outlines. All was bleak, bare, and grim about the House itself. Halfway up the hill it stood, solid, firm, unyielding, scarred by time, seamed lierc and there as if by lightning blasts. Lonely it wa3, and rugged to the eye, and yet there was some thing pathetic appealing about this ancient haunt. It seemed to say, 'Fair gardens lap me lound and compass me, giant woeds ??heller me from the winter storm. Yonder sentinel tower keeps watch and ward, come weal or woe, and yet 1 am alone. Time touches me not ; men come and go-^I heed them not. I know all loves and hates and hopes and fears. Children are bom beneath my rooi ; strong men die in me ; fair women live and fade away, and I remain imehilled by wintry blast, unscathed by flood and fire ; for I am hewn ont of the solid rock ; strong hands fashioned me; and 1 endure even as the eveVlastlng bills whicb gave meJrirth.' ; Isabel shivered. Then the train swept round a curve, and drew up at a little station surrounded by Cowers. The station-master appeared, bow ing low. \- Is Kinipple there with the carriage ?' '- atked Geoffrey. 'Here I be, sir,' said the ruddy-faced Kinipple, touching hie hat. 'John is aminding the horses outside. We be mortal BExious about the accident, Muster Geoffrey. Fm expecting a young lady, ; too.7* ' * Here she is,n said Geollrev, handing : label out 'This is Miss Archer, Ki nipple.'' ** A Lunnoner, I hope, Miss,**' said Kinipple. 'I be Hertfordshire, I be. But I got lost up here, and 111 never find my \- .way whoajn agin.' ** Not whi'.e Mrs. Pilbeam is housekeeper,' said Geoffrey ; and Kinipple, with a sheepish grin, carried the bags up the steep : path to the victoria. . ? (To be continued.) 