OPENING OF A. CIIURCIL DEDICATION SERVICE B> THE BISHOP. : The. dedication service in connection ,viUi tlio opening of Si. Philip Church, the new Anglican church at Spiing Gully, iras con ducted last flight by the Right Reverend Lord Bishop of Melbourne. The building is cosily and neatly constructed, and was filled by about 150 people, including friends from Bendigo. The bishop, attended by the Veil. Arch deacon MacUiIHgh, the Rev. R. C. N. Kelly, Mcssrs. Snxon, Thompson, Cerrntty, Hcrringaiid ^Rlillerj of Petrv Divinity Hall, was.received at the door hy the churchwardens of the congre gation. The petition to consecrate or license the church having been delivered to his lordship'atid read he signified his consent to dedicate the chujch according to the prayer in the petition, and lie then proceeded to the holy table ; repeating the 24th Psalm. The bishop addressed the congre gation as follows: — "Dearly, beloved in the Lord: forasmuch as devout and holy men, as .well under the law as under the gospel, moved either by the secret inspiration of the Holy Ghost, or.by the express command of God, have elected houses for the public worship of God, and separated tlieni from all profane and'common uses; which godly practice hath a manifest tendency to till men's ■ minds with greater reverence for His Glorious Majesty, and affect their heart's with more devotion and humility in His service. Let us not doubt but that He (will also favorably approve our present purpose of setting apart in solemn manner this place for the several offices of religious ■worship, .and let us faithfully find devoutly beg: His blessing on this our undertaking.".' At the conclusion of the formal dedicatnn service the evening service in .'ogue in (lie Anglican Church was proceeded'with. The bishop tool; as his text the Otli verse'of tliti ■ lith.chapter .of St. John—" Jesus'saith-ninto him, " Have l.beeri so long time with' ydu and ivet hast thou not known me,'Philip? He that hath Seen nie hath seen tlio father ; and how say.est, thou then, Show us the Father , ■_ Jiis ilordshjp saifi that Philip,, to whom -the .new ehureh was dedicated, although convinced that Christ was the Messiah, did not accept the fact that.He wis the son of God. Philip showed by his question that he did not, know what was the work of Christ., He' had been close be; -side Him for .tliree years avd ye t lie did rio t truly: know; the purposes of His' life. Tlfc." nuist : be the sorrowful conviction of niany people who cal'ed themselves Christians'that their know ledge of Christ advanced at a very slow :rate. ■Tliev dubiouslv nsked themselves, •" Do I know : the Lord better than I did last year, or lO.years ■or mbre ago1" Sometime?, the- doubt might arise, "Do I. know Him as well as I did, some time ago ?"■ If we did not know our Lord better as wc grew older what hindered us?; It Was true that as love increased, krowledge of Christ increased also. If we relaxed our efforts : to do His will, and became worldly, He would gradually withdraw from. "us. We would gradually know Hun less and less, and so we would become less and less fitted to dwell with Him. Heaven was a prepared place fjr a pre pared people. There were perhaps some people, who would not be happy . in heaven if they got there. A friend of his was one day talking to a dying man about the joys of heaven, and the man said. " Don't talk to me about these things. You know I don't take any interest in them." .What the man said- was true; if he got to 'heaven he would not he happyl We must' learn to dwell with Christ on earth. Christ said, " He that hath seen Me hath seen the Father," and it would be well for us to know this when we .i-ere to leave this world—to know that in leaving here we were not going to leave that which we loved best-, but to meet Him whom we had learned to love best ofall. In conclusion, his lordship remarked that he re joiced to think that the new church had been erected so soon. When ho • visited the neigh borhood in August last he had not ex pected that it would be built by now. He congratulated the congregation on hav ing a building, so suitable for its purpose, and so commodious for the worshippers. He hoped that they would • make good use of it, that the congregation would become more and more numerous, and - that" the Word of. God would have such success that it would not 'b' spoken in vain; '■ Our churches should be houses of prayer, and also houses where souls might, •be .brought' to'.) esus. Prav, therefore, lie urged, that such may be the character of the ministries carried on in these walls;. ,jrV-! Amongst the'visitors were a number-oi-mem-; hers of St. Paul's Harmony Society, who assisted; with the singing and materially added: to the iriipressivcriess of"the service. • . 