TOWN TALK. To-day's " Geelong Advertiser " con tains six pages, or forty-eight columns. Our Melbourne letter, together with other matters of interest, will he found on the first page. Onr Melbourne correspondent writes: " As the new wheat rates do not come into force till 1st December, and already consign ments of this season's growth are on the lines, Mr Taverner, the Minister of Agriculture, to-day saw the Minister of Bailway and the Railway Commissioner and asked that the wheat in question might be carried at the reduced rates. He received a promise in the affirmative on the understanding that the wheat growers shall make a declaration in each instanco that the wheat is from this season's crop." The return of wool received by rail at Gee long for the past week shows an increase of, 4027 bales on that for the corresponding week of last year, the total being 10,689 bales. TTp to date 61,135 bales have been received since the beginning: of the season on July 1st, as against 50,892 bales for the corresponding period of last year. The steamer INemesis (Messrs Uuddart, Parker and Co.), arrived in the bay shortly after' 1 p.m. yesterday, and cleared out about five hours later with the following parcel of produce shipped locally for con veyance to Sydney, viz. : 2025 bags chaff, 96 bales chaff, 200 bales hay, 154 bags onions and 31 cases cheese. The Era (Messrs "W. Howard Smith and Sons), berthed alongside the Yarra-street pier abont 5 p.m., to also ship a consignment of produce for intercolonial ports. Yesterday morning at 5.30 o'clock the Adelaide s.s. Co.'s steamer Karaweera, 1025 tons, berthed alongside the railway pier to discharge 1600 tons of her cargo of 1750 tons of coal shipped at Newcastle. The vessel left the latter port at 8 p.m. on Monday, and up to the time of entering Port Phillip Heads at 12 o'clock on Thursday night fine weather was experienced. The run from the Heads to Corio Bay was, however, not so pleasant as regards the weather, a strong south-west gale prevailing, with heavy squalls. After discharging her coal cargo, the steamer will take up a berth at the Yarra-street pier to load a parcel of produce for intercolonial port'-, and it is anticipated she will get away at about 6 o'clock this evening. Captain H. Brissenden is in charge of the vessel." Thero was a very good attendance at a lecture entitled "The glorious reformation and its leaders," given in the Aberdeen street Baptist church last evening by the Rev. Allan "Webb. Commencing with areviow of the circumstances that led up to the reformation, the lecturer traced the growth of the move ment after its commencement by "WicklifEe and HUBS to its wonderful development by Luther. The work of Calvin, Tindall, and Crsnmer in farthering the reformation in ' England -was also referred to, and the picture drawn by the rev. gentleman of the death at the stake of the bishops, Ridley and Latimer, elicited much applause. During the lecture a quartette, " Who is this," was creditably rendered, and a solo by Miss Marshall "The better land" was much appreciated. A recitation was also given by Miss Weire. The lecture was illustrated throughout by a splendid colleotion of limelight views, the lantern being capably managed by Mr A. B. Weire. The prolonged period for which the firebell has been muto was broken shortly before one o'clock this morning. Fortunately tho fire men were not taken at any serious disadvan tage through want of practice, the outbreak that they were called upon to subdue being confined to the wood shed at the rear of Mr A. J. Owen's residence, at the corner of Gheringhap and Maud streets. The alarm was given by a belated' civilian, who dis covered the shed to be in flames, and the firemen were upon the Ecene almost a8 soon as Mr Owen and "his family had becomo aware of the unprofit able manner in which their fuel sup ply was being consumed. All danger to the residence, whioh is of brick, and insured in tha Royal Society, was speedily ended with a jet of water, and the members of the household resumed their broken slnmbers. Quite a number of petty larcenies have been reported to the police dnring the paEt few days, the offences having been commit ted at houses in coarse of erection, carpenters tools, coats, etc., having been removed., Six thousand brown trout fry, supplied by the Acclimatisation Society, were liberated in the Barwon at Pollocksford yesterday by the secretary (Mr A Duokworth)" and several members of the Geelong Fish Protection Society and Anglers' Clnb. In one oourse rod men should find splendid sport in the neighborhood of Geelong, all the streams in the district having been well stocked with trout through the enterprise of the Acclimatisation Society. The heavy wind that passed over the district on Thursday night has beaten down the crops to aji extent that in several places will greatly hamper harvesting operations. The annual licensing court for Geelong and district will be held on "Wednesday, the 13th December, and thosa desirous of making applications for renewals are requested to send in their lioenses without delay to Mr D. F. M'Grath, the clerk of courts. Inconveni ence will be avoided by early attention being raid to this matter by those interested. Two inebriates were brought before Messrs P. Smyth and G. M. Hitchcock, J'b.P., at the police conrt yesterday morning*, and one was discharged and the other fined 5a. In a batch of undefended debt cases verdicts were given with costs. A prosecution under the A-mmnla Protection Act is reported else where. Reinforcements arrived for the local gaol yesterday in the phape of a batch of prisoners, who came from Melbourne in the midday train in charge of four metropolitan con stables to complete their sentences in the Myers-street institution. The opening performance by Messrs Fitz gerald Bros.9 circus and menagerie combin ation will be given on Tuesday evening in the spacious marquee to be pitched on the ground next to the {Supreme Court in Myers-street, and the show will appear here in its entirety as during the lengthy Melbourne season, when crowded houses were the rule nightly. During the local season two evening performances will be given aud a matinee on the Wednesday afternoon, and from Geelong the circus is to i make a tour of'the Western district. The programme to bo presented by the combination is of a varied, novel and attractive character, and patrons should derive considerable enjoy ment from, the performances. Amongst those who will appear are the followingThe Waldorf family, 12 in number, whose marble statuary act is spoken of in high terms of com mendation ; Mddle. Neredah Leon, daring fine hoop equestrienne ; Miss Daisy Shand. the girl jockey rider ; the Bizzio family, an American troupe of acrobats: the Cinnizallis, an acro batic trio; and Miss Bose Aquinaldo, a Spanish contortionist. A decided novelty will be witnessed in the shape of an elephant and lion tricycle act, and one of the members of the company is to make a leap over 25 guns with fixed bayonets. The prices of admission are 4s, 3s and 2s. Owing to the uncertainty of the weather yesterday the Geelong Garrison Artillery Town Band's opening performance was wisely post poned till December oth, the first date upon which - it will be practicable for Mr Gunn to give the lantern and cinematographe enter tainment that was to have formed a feature of last evening's programme. In view of the present unsettled state of the weather the band is not likely to suffer financially by the post ponement, and. it is to be borne in mind that last year's performances wero not commenced till the first week in December. As the park has been granted to the band for Tuesday and Friday in oach week* the committee have it in their power to hold two performances in any one week, and thus make up to season ticket holders for any postponements. A Sydney message to the 41 Age" says: "According to a message from Blayney, some consternation has been caused amongst the miners at the copper mines by the visitation of a ghost in one of the shafts. The men hear strange noises of bells ringing, sighing, groans, etc. It is also said that the miners on going below have their candles extinguished by the visitor, and-some of the men allege that some thing uncanny brushed, past them. Six of the men have left the mine owing to the terror the 4 ghost' has inspired." A curious development, writes the " Age," took place at the Sydney Criminal Court on Wednesday. Some time ago a girl named Sarah Arm Allen swore that a 'bus driver, T. A. Gray, had assaulted her. Gray was then acquitted and the girl was committed for per jury. On Wednesday she stood her trial, and was found not guilty, the jury adding a rider thatshe- left the court without a stain on hor character. It appears that material evidence was suppressed by a witness for the defence, on the hearing of the assault charge, and this being put in on Wednesday, considerably altered the aspect of the case. The judge is looking into the fresh evidence, and something more may be heard of the affair. Messrs H. Blomfield Brown and Co. will sell on the premises, Tuesday, 2Sth inst., at 2.30 p.m., cottage for removal; also block of land 133ft x 90ft. See advertisement. Messrs Bobinson, Burns and Sparrow will sell, by public auction, to-day, at half-past 12 o'clock, farm of 365 acres, DarriwiL Mr H. F. Bichardson will sell at 10.30 a.m., to-day, a large quantity of building material. Mr Neil Campbell will sell on Thursday next, at 11 o'clock, on the premises, household furni ture and effects. Messrs Hendy, Leary and Co., will sell, by auction, this day, at 3 p.m., w.b, cottage, Bellerine-street south, ana five allotments adjoining. Full particulars and other auction sales see advertisements. Messrs A. J. Toung and Co., will sell furni ture and effects, at 2 o'clock, on Wednesday next; and furniture and effects, at 3 o'clock, on Friday next. It was the teachers, scholars and others con nected with the Belmont Wesley an Sunday school who made the presentation to Mr J. Hauseron Tuesday evening, and not those belonging to the Highton school, as stated in our columns a few days ago. Special services will be conducted to-morrow in the Ashby Wesleyan Church by the Bev. E. Bf. Sugden, M.A., B.Sc., and there will also be a Pleasant Sunday afternoon service, at which solos will be rendered by Mrs Westacott and Messrs Burr and Kortlang. 