FAR NORTHERN COPPER MINES. A VISJT OF INSPECTION. ASSOCIATED ('Oi'PJSK TRUHT . PROPERTIES. THE LEieH'6 GREEK CLAIMS. A PROMISING OUTLOOK. [By our Special Reporter.] \Ve were boujvd for the land «f ealtbush j and solitude. '.'Sand, sorrow, and upre eyes" was the neat, alliterative description applied to the country by one of our party, whose close acquaintance with the western goldfields enabled him to note the contrasts as well as the striking similarity supplied by the two localities. There is no qestkming the solitude of Central Aus tralia, whether you are on the fringe of the great belt of gemi-desert territory Tying be yond the settled districts or (sweltering under the intense heat of the sun as it is re flected from the iron sides of Mount Stuart. You take one step out of your camp into solitude which presses upon you with vary ing effects, by no means always unpleasant -often beneficial. There is a fascination about the boundless plain and life "out back," and the stockman or the prospector who has made it hie home is seldom happy anywhere else. Even the pale face who seeks the shady side of a city street and studiously observes aJI the uncomfortable habits of society revels in the freedom and the monotony which are peculiar to that "silent sea" which stretches for hundreds nf miles through'the heart of the continent. But the-land of saltbush had no terrors for. our party. We had a definite object in view. There was a lot to be done, and little i time in which to do it and difficulties and drawbacks had no chance of interfering I owing to the forethought of those who ar ranged and managed the trip. Isothing was forgotten that should have been remem bered, and no effort was spared to make the journey one of {Jearant recollectiona. At its completion everybody expressed the hope that it would be repeated some day under similar conditions. A LAND OF PROMISE. Leigh's Creek is 373 wiles north of Ade- laide, and the two days of railway travel- ling in order to reach it can be easily shor- tened when occasion warrants the adoption of faster train service. For some time Leigh's Creek has promised a great deal without performing very much. Many years ago the diseoveiy of green carbonates in white argillaceous sandstone associated with reefs of iron ore and silecious rock encou- raged hopes which were never realized, partly owing to the slump which took place in the copper market, but largely because the want of capital prevented a systematic development of the properties. Then came the finders of carbonaceous shale, and the prospects of a coal mine in South Australia induced sanguine people to picture' Leigh s Creek as the Newcastle of the colony and the centre of a large manufacturing district. There, was talk once of a French Syndicate starting iron foundries in the locality! Hopes continued to be deferred, and those who had invested in neighbouring mines experienced that "sickness" which is brought on by the too frequent application of ''calls.'' There was no opportunity of testing the "dividend" antidote, and Leigh's Creek once more slipped back to obscunty and became an insignificant siding. The most exciting incident of the week was the snorting of the engine as it stopped for re- freshments, and whistled back any passen- ger who had strayed too far from the rail- way. Once again the scene is changing, and to-day there is an appearance of perma- nency in the improvement rapidly taking place. The heart-beat of the little town is strong and regular. On can almost hear the throbbing. In every direction there is life and activity. The false excitement of the Worturpa rush has given place to steady work in connection with prospecting and the opening up of adjacent copper pro- perties recently purchased by Messrs. George Brookman and C. H. De Rose. Such was the impression conveyed by Leigh's Creek as we found it one afternoon last week after a railway ride from Quorn through interesting country. Mile is piled upon mile as the train makes its way north- wards, now running parallel to a range of sharp-peaked, dark-blue-tinted hills of a rugged character, and then across a plain of saltbush and bluebush. Occasionally the hills close in and the passes through which the train wends its serpentine course are after the nature of the McDonnell Ranges country, though on a smaller scale. Leigh's Creek is bounded on the west by a line of low and medium-sized, round-topped smooth-faced hills running in a north and then a north-easterly direction, forming an irregular semi-circle. To the east are the Cutaway hills, or rather cliffs, of peculiar formation, and small groups of hills with sandstone, ironstone, and clay-slate ridges, the whole forming a series of basins. The general appearance of the country suggests the pre- sencc of minerals, and this first impres- sion was deepened by those of us who were able to make a flying inspection during the few remaining, hours of daylight after our arrival. Subsequently a closer examination strongly confirmed these opinions. EN ROUTE TO WEEDNA. The serenity of Leigh's Creek was dis- turbed at an early hour next day. There was a mustering and harnessing of horses, the hurried packing of swags, and of boxes, the contents of which bore the trade mark of a well stocked commissariat department, The proceedings attracted a little crowd of idlers, who freely criticised and generously tendered advice. Two four-horse teams were provided by Mr. John Napier, an old resident-of the North—one hesitates to say how old, but he was a pioneer trader with the Queensland border, and knows every inch of the country and everybody for miles round. Our destination was the property belonging to the Asso- ciated Copper Trust, situated from 40 to 45 miles in a north-easterly direction from Leigh's Creek. The exact distance is a subject of controversy amongst those who have travelled the road. To us, both going and returning, the way seemed neither long nor weary. The following rough sketch will indicate the locality of these promising copper shows: - One portion of the road is rough, passing as it docs through a series of ranges ana over*innumerable watercourses, but £250 has been voted by the Government for the purpose of improving the worst places. V>nr party consisted of Messrs. George Brookman, C. H. I)e Rose, and J. White, Directors of the Associated Coymer Trust; Mr. T. J. Green way, Manager of Block 14 Company; Mr. ,f. F. Martin, of Messrs. James Martin ami (V).. Limited; and a representa tive of "Die Register." For the first, ten miles the route followed the survey pegs of the proposed Queensland border rail way, and we skirted along the foot of black barren-looking hills, which we kept on our right, whilst away to the left y/ere the visible signs of work done at the Leigh's Creek Coal Mine, now shut, down. _ A series of small tent-shaped hills, running to the north, with their gypsum sides glis tening in the light of the morning sun, look ed like an army under canvas, whilst the acacias in full bloom made ui> n scene bv no means so dreary as the avenge journey across a saltbusli plajn. Still, the country is of a hungry character, and we saw not a single sheep the "-hole way. An occa sional emu nnd small companies of kanga roos-who, aft/r a good look at us, saw »onie cause for becoming suspicious, and bounded off--and scores of rabbits, Vere to be seen. No engineering difficulties weTe noticeable up to th" point where we parted company witli the survey pegs which mark the suggested route of the Queensland line, so that the cost of construction vii Leigh's Creek would not, for some milrs at least, be heavy. Passing to the right of the Victory Mine and I'aul's Consolidated, we halted at Rurr Well for breakfast, and made tin acquaintance of Mrs. and Miss Darmodv. whose hospitality on our return journey was grfntly appreciated. T'ennWk's claim, from ?which ore assaying up t/> 33J per cent, of vopper has been taken, is a few miles furthet on, and it the entrance n series of saddleback hills, which look from a dis tance like billows on an angry oc.^an, On close acfinaintance they ave found t,o it .of irregular shape, and scattered about as if shot into their nresent position at Ion,: range. Here and there are to be observed well-defined ranges running into one ano ther from different angles, forming im mense pounds, whilst at. intervals are sugar loaf, dirk-blue hillj* of considerable alti tude. The scenery begins to Tadualb' im prove, and at, points is almost, worthy of beine characterized as "grand," the hills becoming bolder, and the timber up'.n ifhem.and in the beds of the zigzag creek" are of larger, size. We admire the scenery, and await, with interest the panorama to be unfolded to our view from the next, ri.se. Then a warning voice causes us to sit firm, as the conveyance is tilted to dangerous ansles or is jumning over i watercourse in a manner which® would be terrifying to the possessor of false teeth, THE (XiPPF.lt TRUST f t.ATMS. A sharp turn to the south brings us to the banks of a. stony creek-the precipitous entrance to which forced one member of the party to hurriedly obey the_ law of gravitation until he reached terra firma. Over the ridge of a hill capped with iron stone boulders, which try the snrings of the traps and the nerves of the occupants, and there stretched out before us is a huge j basin, formed on one (ride by a steep range and on the other by a low line of round hills, whilst at the extreme end the circle is nearly completed by a pinnacle of rocks. In the 'centre are workings n* i niine, about which several men are busily engaged. On a floor lies a. heap of dressed ore, erra duallybeing added to, and dose by is a stark of bagged ore ready for market. A few galvanized fiheds, a ''dug- out" in the side of a hill, and several tents make up the pic ture, as seen by us when we crossed the north-western boundary of the claims held by the Associated Copper Trust. It was a scene of beauty and animation, of wiM country being subdued in some respects bv the dominating power of man. A while ago one or two prospectors were tickling the surface of the earth and scratching fur minerals. To-day there is a large shaft substantially timbered to a depth of .)0 ft., and a north and south drive extending 90 ft., and one ea«t and west 40 ft. Ore to the value of £2,000 has been raised, a ra tion of which has -already paased_ throuzh the furnace, and haahad the verdict of the smelters pronounced upon it. The history of these claims and other details will bs 'told in the series of articles being written on "Our Testate Far North" by a rsprfBita- j tive of '"The Observer" who, for some weeks | past., has been visitinar northern mining centres. My purpose is to follow the inspec tion aa made by our party, and deal with I things 'a* seen by us. The claims held by J the Cooped Trust cover an area of 4B0' acres, j ar.d in addition two waiter blocks have been I taken up in order to guarantee a pefrrtfrnerit i and regular supply for mining and domestic purposes. Captain T. Mflthews is Consult ing Engineer for the Company, Captain flarkla is the Minine Manager. Mr. (I. I. Hargrave the Assayer, and Mr. E. J. Wheaton is Accountant ;*nd Storekeeper. A SURFACE INSPECTION. The mbin shaft haB been put down near the centre of the basin already referred io, but the property embraces several of the surTomnduig hiftflj and the fresh-water fipringB about one and a. half milt» up the creek, which shape® & terpentine course through the claims. Having watched tho process of dressing the ore at, the mouth of the shaft, and noted with satisfaction the small amount of addle compared with good orre, and observed, too, the stack of bagged ore awaiting removal to the railway, we walked in an easterly direction towards an iron-capped hill from which a well-de fined lode can he traced running west in the direction of the main shaft. As a similar lode htea been struck in the eaRtern drive the conclusion formed is that they are tJhe eame. The hill, which is about a quarter of a mile away, carries indications of j?o!d as ] well as copper, end when our attention was directed towards a cliff formed by the creek -taking a gharp bend round the base of a high hill, and cutting a bed far itself. The remark was made that there was a striking similarity between .the country and parts of Western Australia. ?To the sou'th of the shaft-about 100 ft. away-a trial hole hag been put down, and a lode shaping a southerly course, laid bare. To the westward, three-quarters of a mile, a shaft has been sunk, and this discloses splendirl-Jooking veins of copper, whilst near at hand, on the surface, is a.n outcrop of ore of splendid quality. The western lode, having a good dip, has already been proved three-ouarters of a mile from where the Chief development is now taking place. Looking towards th£ mine from No.,4 shaft a bold outcrop attracts attention to the left. This we are informed is "Castle Hill,''' and our curiosity being aroused we ascend the hill and walk round a pile of ironstone and qvartz j'ocks which are heaped together as if blown lip by a sportive eruption; From the topmost boulder, which looks like a pulpit awaiting a preacher, a fine view is obtained of the surrounding coun^ try, and as we take turns at- the point of va n't age our stocks of superlative adjectives are largely drawn upon. A trmy magnifi cent panorama is presented. You snade your eyes and gaze towards Mount Kose, away to the east, and note the long line of dark-blue hills, upon which the Bun is throwing evening shadows of varying shades such as the artist won Id delight to transfer to canvas. A higher hill blocks n northern view, but in the direction of Jerome Creek you can catch glimpses which lead you to think that the trees are large ( and well-grown in that direction, 'and this I impression is borne out by the mine offi I rials, who tell you that good timber is pro j curable in that direction. Turn your face towards the valleywhich dips gently in the direction of the mine -and tnere is no need to wait to he told that part of the claims I of the Associated Copper Trust lie in a huge hasin, whilst ofthers take in surround ing hills possessing mineralized charac teristics. We wore well pleased with what we had been able to observe from a surface inspection. The opinion was formed that if the underground show was j correspondingly good the Copper Trust own mineral country which indicates the j.re : senee of large bodies of high-grade ore, cai [ rying gold as well a-s copper to fair depth?. I WHAT WE SAW BELOW. I When the shades of evening had thrown I their dark man tie over the face of the earth, aiid just .is the inoon was beginning to pro j duce a nasty light, and cause the white ; gums to look like attenuated ghosts, we fol J lowed tiie example of the captain of the i'maiore, and went below. It was quite ex citing to hang to a perpendicular ladder witn the knowledge that there was a clear I drop of 40 or 50 it. below you; to feel the J worm drops oi candle grease generously dis tributed by tbe'msm above; and to hear the hum of conversation, and the thud, ! thud of the picks. The average man is not I likely to indulge to excess ui the exercise i of ladder-chinbing. It is real hard work. | Our progress down and up was slow. But j nobody «as in a hurry, and one rung at a time was enough. 'i he timbering in the shvilt and drives is of a substantial charac | ter, and if the woodwork could speak it 1 would probably declare that it had "come to slay." As telegraphed to "The Kegi.si.ei ' \ of Saturday, the shaft and drives tarry weil \ defined lories of green and blue carbonates, ! also grey and black ore. There is a well J formed, smooth-laced footwall, with a soft ; kaohn flueaii, whilst the lissure iode is well i defined for 27 ft., with small bands of guart zite piainly visible. At a. deptli of 40 It. sul phides were fat ruck, a.nclthcir presence, to gether with the promise of continuing is, of course, an important consideration, A combination containing sulphur is a strong point in connection with smelting opera tions, and Captain Mathews informed us that the sulphides obtained burn wcli, j and can be cheaply treated. We. , also saw some fine shows of black ore, and j the Mine Captain is in hopes of shortly un -covering deposits of yellow arid peacock ore. a vrcoRors poucy. The experts were as satisfied with what they had seen below as they had been with the surface shows, and the Directors came up more determined than ever to carry the main shaft down. A notice was posted in viting tenders for sinking, and at a meeting held in the evening the Directors gave in ' structions for the tarrying out of a vigor J ous policy of development. They ordered a winding plant, and made arrangements for dealing with any water difficulty which I might arise, and if all goes well it will n it I be many months before the stacks of tho smelters will be belching forth black vo lumes of Bmoke over the VVeedna hills. THE VERDICT OF THE SMELTER. "facta" we have been assured are Chiels that winna ding. An' downa be disputed. From assays made on the mine-and each parcel of ore is carefully tested before being dispatched-and from samples sent to the city favourable returns have been obtained. The verdict of the smelters has on every oc casion justified the figures of the assayer. The returns have fluctuated up to 24 per cent, of copper, with a good percentage of gold. The assay of the last parcel of ore tested was 2i per cent, of copper and 1 oz. 7 dwt.. 18 grs. of gold. The presence of gold is a pleasing feature of the ore being raised, | and as an auxiliary or a dominant partner | it will prove a welcome addition. Two hun i dred tons of ore are now at the srurface awaiting treatment, and this haa given » satisfactory away of copper and gold, iflus in every respect, *o far &» we were »t>Ie to see for ourselves, and ascertain front BkUMo whieb cannot lie challenged, the 'OopptfT Trust claimB are opening exceedingly w'i and they promise iinportant ' Qg velopmenfta in the fnturfe. That this is the opinion held tw mine officiaJe, the JJirectore, and Mr. Green "way was publicly admitted at an lrti promptu gathering at wiich success to the Associated Copper Trust was proposed and responded to. THE WATER SUPPLY. Having accomplished the roam object of the vierit, attention was directed io the source from which a water supply is drawn by means of about a mile of piping. track took us past a blackffllows c^mp, the chief characteristic of which Ivas a pungent aroma and the presence of a dusky knyg who said he was over a hundred years old. As there were no turtles or flying Wornbatj at hand we did not attempt any rivalry or the De Rougemcwit order. Members of the party, however, gave a practical demonstra tion of the value of the mining indu&tfy;, and the "Yambas" and their picaninndetf,' who would not stop to pick up a nugget in the crude form, eagerly grabbed the minted mineral when flung to them. VVeedna Springs are beauty spots, with their little lakes of clear water and tlie stately guniy dotted in the bed of the creek ^na throwing deep shadows into the water. It iB b fine spot for meditation and senti ment, and will make an ideal lovers' walk some day! But that is anticipating ana prophesying! But once produce the Cop per and gold and civilization and love/B will follow in due course. That the creek cornea down a banker occasionally ib indicated by the presence of flood debri9 high up in tbo trees*. The Company have leased the springs, and the intention is to arrange for a regular supply of water for domestic and mining purposes. And here it be stated that the Directors have issued ? strict orders, with the object (A assuring for their employes health and comfort, and no fault could be found with the ar rangements at the camp. If cleanliness be next to godliness, then they are a pious lot of residents at Weedna. For all 1 know to the contrary they might be. THE LEIGH'S CHEEK GllOUP. Our return journey to the railway was made to the accompaniment of showera, which were exceedingly wet. However, we met with a warming reception at Hurr Well, wKere Mrs. and Miss Darmody enter tained us to afternoon tea. We lost wonder ful appetites before leaving. I he following day was devoted to "the inspection of cop per claims in the vicinity of Leigh s Creek, recently purchased by Messrs. Urookmaa and De Rose. Under the guidance of Mr. C H. Beaumont, the yell-known mining engineer, and Captain Taylor, we inspected the leases locally known as 0 Donnell b, Cutaway, and Holmes's. We began at O'Donnell's block, comprising 160 acres, and it was not long before favourable in dications of the existence of large bodies of ore presented themselves. At one P°int a fine lode has already been proved to the extent of 80 ft., and from visible ap pearance it looks as if. a «enes oi lodes are dipping in the direction of O Donnell ». In digging ont a place for the purpose of storing explosives nice-looking grey oxide was bU"^ J he copper-benring formation lias not been worked to any exteret, the prospectors con tenting themselves with digging up the eur face ore and selling it. However, in sink ing the many small holes on the surface they pointed out the possibility of a large formation carrying copper ore. It »8 in tended to strip the alluvial from.th® of the formation and quarry out the copper ore, and also to sink a good shaft to teat thf wnter supply and to cut into the *orrn^" tion at a depth of 100 ft., 200 ft., and each 100 ft. by means of crosscuts, ft®*! r cover ore bv etoping upwards until the open cut or quarry is reached. A put down near the western boundary has produced red oxide of rich duality and ore carrying 34 per,cent, of copper. SeveiaJ small cioss veins ot copper ore have been discovered, and will be developed when re quired. A number of trucks of ore have been sent from these claim*, and the crude stuff contained 7} per cent, of copper whilst the roughly dressed returned 14 per cent Small parcels from the cross veins yielded up to 34 per cent rhese nlues have been taken from returns from the Smelting Company. The (Hitaway b: are ]GO acres in extent., and join 0 Don. hell's at the easterly corner. Ore cas bieen raised by open-cut work to a depth of about 40 it. and 50 yards lldnig. On another daim to the north two cuts are down about 20 ft. with a width of P ft. to 15 ft. A second lode near the eastern boundary has been worked in Mr. Matheeon's dmm adjoining, and proved to yield first-class ore, a.truck load dispatched to smelters returning 21 ' rer cent, of copper. Mr. Matheson R duve is now inside the Cutaway boundary, so that there is no doubt of the continuance of the lode into the Cutaway. On the sur face prills of copper are to he seen in all directions. f ! Holmes's block? are half a mile south ot ! 0'Donnell, 2J miles from the railway sta tion, and a few chains from the hne itself The developments on these claims have'exposed a large sandstone formation, carrying copper in narrow veins running in every direction through the mae* A sandstone bill rises from the plain to about 100 ft. high at its higheet point, and it > seems about 3 to 4 chains wide. 1 holes up to 17 ft. deep have yielded the ore that has been dispatched to the srael i ters a small hand-jig having been used to ! concentrate it. The smelter's return gave ! from 22 per cent, to 34 per cent. of copper. . A wide cut is now being made into the mil. ?*> that two excellent faces for quarrying will be available as soon as rerpiired, irom which Mr. Beaumont says, it will be easy to take 500 to 600 tons daily if necessary. A second formation has been discovered, : which is expccted to be a continuation ot the Cutaway lode, which runs through the Mountain of Light property and continues into Holmes's claims. A few shallow holes showing the existence of ore is all that has been done so far on this formation. Holmes's leases consisted of two claims oi 40 acres each, so trckt Messrs. JJrookman and De R*>se own 400 acres of country highly mineralized and exhibiting some lint bodies of ore. The country rock is <:lnv slate generally, but eome of the hilia are of sandstone. Plenty of water is available 3 miles away, but it is intended | to try and obtain water on the leases. A fnir sunply of gum timber can be obtained from the creeks near by. and this, together with the proximity of the railway, are im portant considerations in connection with the rapid ttud cheap working of these pro perties. TJie Cutaway Syndicate, consisting of Mnnsrs. Frank Stacy, 0. Perry, and F. Month, 1iave erected a concentrating plant | nit Windy Ci^eek, three miles from tlie mine, i and the ore has been carted there, crushed and concentrated, resulting in nearly 200 ton* of concentrates having been dispatched 1 to the smelters. The plant cannot be con- J w'dered as complete, fia no arrangement was j nmtle for dealing with the slimes, and con sequently a great deal of copper has been ! temporarily lost. The result of several I months' working has clearly demonstrated the fxct that low-grade ores can be r.mcd and concentrated cheaply and pro fitably. Assays made of the slime and (tailings from this concentrating plant in flintc a waste of up to 8 per cent. This is ' hii item which will soon be rectified, as Messrs. Brookman and De Rose took over the machinery with the Cutaway property. J Mrs. Stacy, having thoughtfully provided a little luncheon, we accepted of her hos pitality, find hurried back to the station in timi: to have a carriage tacked on to a pa-irig cattle tain. j _An<l so ended our inspection of two ' r i;i,irr properties of considerable pro- j Mr. Groenway will draw up ' a report, reOomrcnending ithe oorreot tiMtment for the class of ores brought un- j der his notice, and those at 'the head of affairo have definitely decided to develop the mines in e thorough and systematic in*nner. For the working of such copper phowi a larjje amount of capital is essential, *uirl thia will be forthcoming as required. Jt is a good thing for the colony when men likr Mr. Brookman and Mr. l/e Rose are induced to take the control of such mines, nml it is -to he hoped that their enterprise j will be crowned with the success which tbeir murage and the employment of their capi lal deserve and will probably command. Ma. RROOKMAN'8 OPINION. Mr. H. M. Bristowe, the Secretary of the A.uociated Oopper Trust, received the fol lowing wire from Mr. George Brookman, Chairman of Director*, on Friday jnoraing; -"Directors returned from mine very much impressed with developments - indications bi» mine." 