HEAR HERE. Oil Saturday the electors and c electressess 1 of Adelaide have a duty to perform, and that is to elect their representatives for the House of Assembly. Simultaneously at the ballot boxes they must express their opinion with regard to the Amended federal Bill and the Household Suffrage Bill per medium of the referendum! The matter of voting for the Amended. Federal Bill is in a manner speaking a mere formality, for South Australia has strongly declared in favor of Australian Unity. For the Household Suffrage Bill by all means vote YES. Don't ba hood winked by weak, wishy-washy Tory arguments against the Bill. The Legislative Council must be reformed on strong Democratic lines, so that i . 1 the will of the people should be carried into effect. The Legislative Council hitherto has been a sort of gilded strangling house, where the majority of liberal measures have been ruthlessly throttled and thrown out for backyard burial or else they have been so mauled abjut by contact with Con servative Curios that they were hardly recognis able when they went back to the House of Assembly. The existing franchise for the Legis lative Council is inadequate—it does nob admit of proper representation. As constituted at pre sent the Council, in the inglorious minority, triumphs over the majority to such an extent that strong Democratic measures are squelched once they get in the second chamber. A number * of candidates before you on the hustings have been wriggling on this Household Suffrage. Good Liberals are strongly in favor of it; Don't vote for a man who opposes the extension of the Council franchise. Inferential ly he insults your in telligence by telling you that you are not good enGugh to vo*e for the Council. Well, it is not good enough for you to vote for that ' superior9 sort of person. Still he has the castiron audacity to ask you for your vote to put him in the Assembly. Electors who know their rights know' where to put that class of candidate. And, by the way, ' Honest Tom 9 Playford opposes the extension of the Council franchise, and garbs his objection, in a misfit Tory outburst. We are told that ( clothes make the man,9 and it would seem that the in- > fluence of London tailors and frock coats, &c.;, seem to have had a very bad inflaence on Playford politically. He must have known what he was about when he went for a constituency like Gumeracha—Quiz doubts if he would have had a ghost of a show standing for E*st Torrens in the political colors he is now wearing. It is a pity to seek good man like Playford marching backward —-hut that of course is his own lookout. But this is digressing. The Capitation Grant de cided against so emphatically by tbe people three years ago has been stirred into activity byjArch bishop O'Reily, and it is much to be regretted that the religious element has been so prominently im ported into the electorates immediately surround ing Adelaide. But South Australians are too well satisfied with our present system of education to give the Capitation Grant any consideration. To favor it would be but to stultify themselves after their dirept verdict against it last election time. Therefore, don't vote for candidates in favor of the capitation grant. The peop.e of South Australia have progressed politically with the Kingston Government at the head of affairs, and we cannot possibly do better than again reinstate the same party. Vote for men who march under the Ministerial banner and wipe out any candidates who oppose the Government on any of its vital platforuis! 