CYCLETTES. A Coolgardie paper takes upon itself in-fefertnee to ihe Goldfields League to say that ' Kalgoorlie has been entirely at fault in the matter, and its wrongheaded 1 endeavor savors of a degree of credulity that one would hardly expect. Fortunately Coolgardie has showed discrimination and sound judgment in refusing to accede." Surely Coolgardie cyclists are not led by this kind of thing. It would be as well if the champions of the Perth League would show what it has done for the goldfields tha* tbe'sports associations should send down maintenance fees. According to the records of cycling for the past two years, the League has left the sport just where it was when it was formed It has so disgusted the largest boiy of cyclists on the coast at its own doors that they promptly seceded. It treated the Coolgardie Club with such gross contempt that the members set on foot a movement of secession. It treated goldfields champions riding in Perth in such manner as no one else would go down and ride there. It disqualified Lykke because he preferred to ride on the fields instead of at a Perth meeting ; it has endeavored to wreck the goldfields May meetings on behalf of a private league-cutn manufacturers syndicate. Finally, in Perth itself, the head-quariers of the League, cycling is in a moribund condition with poor meetings, and in spite of settled conditions possessing fewer riders than the fields centres. Aud because :his decrepit body walks forth a ghost called " reciprocity" riders, clubs, and sports associations are expected to swallow all past insults in the hope of an oft refused request being complied with at some future date ( This is simply preposterous As is the case now in Victoria su it will be in West Australia very shortly, 'i'iii latest Melbourne files show that the great League of Victorian Wheelmen is fast falling under the shadow <.f the Melbourne Bicycle Club, which possesses the cash, the inducement, and the administrative capability needed to properly govern a latyo sport. The Goldfields League has similar opportunities In all the outside centres there is a large number in favor of the bold and proper course to pursue—the formatmn of a league for the fields, unhampered in its inception by any obstacles or relationship with an incapable body. These are only waiting to see what Kalgoorlie and the Boulder will do, aud what the progtamrae of the League will be. To hide behind foolish misstatements the solid support of all the best men on tbe fields to tbe new League is as useless a task as it is despicable, Stotter and Levien, and a team of Fremantle riders, are coming along for the St Patrick's Day meetings. This infusion of new blood into cycling contests will be welcome. The Coolgatdie Club has issued a programme tor an Easter meeting, and makes a creditable showing. It is a pity the Coulgaidie Cluo bas not sunk petty jealoasies and come in straight away with the new League It would have strengthened^Coolgardie's hands considerably. 