r'^i^pl^^^&:-. ? ? LEGISLATIVE G0UNGIL -.; FRANCHISE BILL.; DEBATE IN -THE ''LEGISLATIVE . :; ..-???'- COUNCIL. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 3. The Hofif J. h. STIRLING asked if the Government : would mabe similar arrange ments for giving publicity to the house hold suffrage debase in the Council as were wade ia connection with the discussion in iJie House of A?^embly. The CHIEF SECRETARY said that un less objection were, raised be would make tflie same arrangements. The Hon. J. L. STIRLING asked what exprertiion of opimion the Chief Secretary required. 1'U~ (ITITUni l.l?nDl?TlA13V „- ,:j 1,,. *„„-, -LUC V^XJ-Xi^i. QJ'JOllUl^lHl BU1U JI!C tAJUJl it for granted that the Council required the same publicity to be given to the de bate as in the Houre of Assembly, ana he would make the necessary arrange ments unless some objection were, made by members. Second readinsr. .The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. Y. .(jfLogliliu), in moving the' second reading, said the Bill would be familiar to mem bers, as it was precisely the same as the measure submitted to the Council last ses sion. It proposed to enfranchise every householder in South Australia, and to provide, instead of the present anomalous and irregular system, that the home should be the social unit, giving every man and his wife, if he had one, a vote for the Leg islative Council. They had heard it said frequently that in the recent referendum the people did not understand what they were voting for. This Bill, he would point out at once, could not come into force un til another referendum was taken, and that would be safeguard against any peo ple voting in ignorance. He intended to give a short history of the Legislative Council suffrage movement to meet the ar gument that there haibeen no demand for such a Bill as this. The question of dif ferences between the two Houses was a very old one. Even at the formation of the constitution it was a very debatable point, and it was only as a compromise to enable manhood suffrage to be obtained for the House of Assembly that a pro perty qualification for the Council was agreed to. It had been a debatable ques tion ever since. In 1881 there were to many differences between the two Houses, resulting in deadlocks and delays in legis lation, that a Bill was passed that was ex pected to lie a solutioa of the difficulty, but which had proved to be no solution at all: Even in the Council, with its restrict ed franchise,' Bills for reducing the fran chise had been passed three times, in one case by an absolute majority. In 1894 the Hon. A. A. Kirkpatrick introduced a Bill providing for the reduction of the qualifi cation fx-om £25 to £10. That was car ried on its second reading on a catch vote, by 9 to 8, but the majority being insuffi cient, the Bill did not pass. Mr. Kirk patrick subsequently moved to revive the Bill, and the motion was carried by 12 votes to 10. That also was not a constitu tional majority, n.nd the Bill accordingly lapsed. In 1895 tlic Government took the matter up, and Mr. Gordon, who was then Chief Secretary, introduced a Bill on prac tically the same lines, the qualification be ing fixed at £15. There was also a provi sion for leaseholders who had spent £200 in improvements having a vote. That Bill was carried by an absolute majority of the Council— 13 votes to 10— but it was subse quently shelved, after certain amendments had been made in committee. Mr. Addison carrying a motion 'That the Chairman leave the chair.' In 1898 he had the pri vilege of introducing a Bill similar to that which Mr. Gordon had introduced. It was carried by 12 votes to 11, but, the majoritv not being large enough this Bill also lapsed. That was the historv, then, of Bills intro duced in the Council. The Council havins had three opportunities of passing the Bill, its venne was then chang ed to tiie House of A?«emblv The present Bill was introduced there in 1898\. and was carried by 32 to 17, aud for warded to the Council, where it was, de feated by 12 votes to 9. Then came the events of the present session. After a general election and a referendum on the Bill had taken place the Bill was intro duced into the House of Assembly, and the second reading carried by 33 votes to 20 — one more than on the previous occa sion. It was read a third time by 30 to 21, counting pairs. (Mr. Ward— 'You caivt count them constitutionally.') He had counter! them in each instance. The Bill passed through the House of Assembly in all its stages by constitutional majori ties, and the Council, as he had pointed out, previously recognised that there was a demand for such legislation by passing on three occasions Bills reducing the qualifi cation. That was an evidence of the will of the people as riioivn throudi their Par liamentary representatives, but members well knew that elections often turned on personal or local considerations. Therefore to get an unmistakable indication of the will of tbe pennle a direct referendum was taken. (Mr. Ward— 'Not of the electors you represent.') He claimed to represent the whole of the people, not one-third. The result of the referendum was that 49,208 peonle voted for household suffrage and 33.028 aarainst, the majority in favor of the Bill being 15.2S0, which was a great ?deal more than the majorities in favor of Federation in some of the neighboring colonies, and a larger majority than that given in favor of Federation at tlie first referendum in fiouth Australia. Moreover, out of 27 districts, 20 were in favor of the Bill, and two or three only lost it by narrow maiorities — in one case by nine votes only. That was conclusive evidence that there had been a demand for the Bill. Attempts -had been made to show that it was only wanted in the centres of ):opulation. but there were not 20 districts dominated by centres of popu lation. The district which more than any other could be regarded as a purely country district was Flinders. Tt had not a town an larire as the .smallest sub urb of Adelaide, and vet 1,IS7 of the electors of Flinders voted for lions :- hold suffrage, and only 750 ajminet. He found, too, in such large agricultural districts as Newcastle and Fvome, where the farming community predominated, that large majorities were given for the Bill. So much for the question as to where the demand for the Bill came from. He hail dealt with the argument that the renilt of passing the Biil would bo to give the cen tres of population a predominating power in legislation when reviving to Mr. Gor don's speech on the Address in Reply, but there was no harm in reitefailing the' argu- ments he used1 then, seeing that opponents of the Bill outside were endeavoring to make the most of this idea. He pointed out that nil the large centres had been formed into corporations, and that the smaller towns might fairly be considered as identified witJi^lle squatty *; jdjjBjfj^ ?wMch surrounded, ttrem. .ihe number jot houses tratbifi corporations was 25,W),: as eojiapSred with 38,000 outside,1 so thatnear-; Jy'pae-third more votes would be given' for- country houses than for town dwellings un der the Bill. He was now endeavoring to put sentiment on one side, and deal with facts and figures only, and though no doubt some members would say thatJf the facts were against them so'much'tbe worse 'for the facts— the facts he had quoted could not be disputed taken as they were from official statistics. Looking into these figures a little more closely and comparing the number of houses in the various elec torates with tlie number of voters, he found that so far from the Bill favoring the city and suburbs the very reverse Wxmld be the case. In Barossa, an agricultural district, there were 2,600 houses and only 1,424 votes. (Mr. Warren — 'The German ?women do not register.') He thought the German colonists were fully alive to their electoral responsibilities, and that they re gistered and took a fairly prominent part in the elections in their districts. In North Adelaide there were 3.230 houses and 2.979 votes: in East Torrens, 5,908 houses and 5,802 votes, or only a few houses which did not carry votes. In Sturt, too, there were 4,597 houses and 4,166 votes, so that it would be seen that in the citv and subur ban districts the effects of household suf frage would not be very great, while in the country the effect of the Bill would be to largely increase the number of voters for the Legislative Council. (Mr. Warren — 'You are setting city against country.') He was merely combating the arguments of those who had been endeavoring' to do this, and he thought he had done so fairly con clusively. Tlie Bill would add about 70,000 voters to the Upper Louse electorate. Let them see whether there was anything to be alarmed at in the pro posal. Of the 70,000 about 30,000 were the wives of present electors. Was there any danger of giving them votes? (Mr. Stir ling — 'The wives do not want them.') That was what Mr. Stirling said when adult suffrage was proposed. He said they would not use the votes, but they had done so, and with so much political intelli gence as to amply justify me trust which had been reposed in them. He was sure no one would contend that the extension of the franchise to the wives of present electors would be attended with any danger or would result in a flood of ultra demo cratic or radical measures being passed. Then it was estimated that there were about 20,000 men who would be added to the roll by the reduction of the franchise as householders, whose present qualification was too little to enable them to vote for the Legislative Council. Was there any danger of enfranchising men whose only disqualification at present was that their houses happened to be a little smaller than their neighbors? They were persons whose homes and everything they had in the wotM were centred in South Australia. (Mr. Stirling — 'Your Ministry is going further than that. ' You want adult suf frage.'') Let them deal with one thing at a time. If this Bill was fair, let them pass it, and they could reject any subse quent proposal which did not vilease them. Then, besides those he had mentioned, were 20,000 others, including the wives of these smal! householders and a few unmar ried men or women who had not the re quisite qualification. If members, in stead of being alarmed at ihe largeness of the number of new voters, and being afraid of being swamped by the 70,000 new electors, would closely examine the com position of this number, they would see that the Bill could be passed without in any way endangering the constitution, or the Legislative Council. While on this subject he might mention that while adult suffrage had nearly doubled the num ber of electors for the Assembly, it had had very small effect on the Legislative Coun cil. The chancre had added 68,000 women to the Lower House roll, and only 9,000 to that of the Upper House. As a further illus tration of the fact that very few women in the country districts have votes for the Legislative Council, he would take the district of Yorke's Peninsula, where there were 839 men and only C.3 women on the roll. It was thus clear that the voting power of the country would be greatly strengthened. Take another district — Stanley — and they found only 144 women on the roll, while in the large and im portant agricultural district of Frome there were only 240 women enfranchised for the Legislative Council, as against between 2.000 and 3,000 men. In North Adelaide there were 2,071 men and 908 women. The proportion was about two to one in North Adelaide, while at Yorke's Peninsula H was nearly 14 to one. The very curious nrtrument had been advanced that this Bill would lessen the influence of the Council, and ultimately destroy it — in fact he had ever, seen the measure characterised as the Legislative Council Destruction Bill. It was the most curious argument he had ever seen advanced. So far from it being true, it would baee the Council more broadly on the peonlc's will, and would strengthen rather than weaken it. To show that thip would happen, he did not think he could do better than quote an opinion expressed by the President in re ferring to another question. Speaking on the necessity for a strons Senate — and the Senate in the Federal Parliament had to perform all the functions of the Upper House, and a great deal more besides— Sir Richard Baker said: — ''To make the Senate strong enough to perform the func tions for which it was called into ex istence, it must bo elected on a broad basis, and as there was power in numbers, the more liberal the franchise the stronger the Hoiif-e would become.' There could be no doubt thjit the more liberal the franchise 'wan made the ntronger the Council would become, and in fact those who had the interests of the House at heart, and believed in the bicameral sys tem, should vote for the Bill for tin's reason. It would raise the Council from its present sectional position and make Us nosition infinitely stronger and firmer. It had. been contended that in South Austra lia we had the most democratic constitu tion in the world, but this was quite wrong, as there_ was hardlv an Upper House in the British dominions on such a restricted franchise, and he said it ad visCidlv. (Mr. Howe-rr'Ts that the reason why it has passed so many liberal mea sures as even the Premier admits it has?') It had not passed many liberal measures since the last alteration in the constitution, which had rendered the Coun cil less libpral and democratic than it was before. When speaking on the Address in Reply, lie pointed out— and ha was one of the first to use the argimjent— that a nominee Upper House was 'much more amenable to the will of the people tlian one elected on ;i restricted franchise. This was fibpolulelv dcmpnKl'rnhle to the most ordinary intelligence. : A nominee Upper House was nominated by the Government or Executive, which could not exist unless it had the support of the. popular House. If measures were passed by the Lower House, and rejected by a nominee Council continually, it was only necessary for the Ministry to add a. sufficient number of W^fe«Ss^ra^e»^S^Bd^;d^Srfb'fer^: . '' iarMeffiand^nd-ilwinu^t 'j-e Shpwi&cli;&lF; . tliat^i wislh^§ite^inedwi^ of itheija 3O»i|: ;pt file ^people Ae£o«;the ^bwer * of ? . ^dain^^^|^-£e^iul:.^]!hl[in1})er'''^aB exer- : :tised, ., -.TJievWa.d^an instSncetjretenUy in NewSoulJ l WalesMi connection iyjth Fede- ration. :^he 3iU^ai-ejected byithe tTp per.HMee, and Mr.rEeid, who i was then; Preinier^'haVing nominated . »7-Bufticient\ number of ^additional members to ensure a majority, the measure was again sent there and passed. (M-r. .Warren— 'Then- fee wall lucked out.'.)-- Mr. Reid remained In -power for a considerable, time after that. --Under ? the nominee iiystem then the Ministry, which must foe in touch with the popular House, could add to 'the Upper House ? ' until the passage of popular measures was assured. Under a restricted franchise for the Legislative: Council the ultimate power really rested with a section of the people. H they did not give in they could block, time after time, any popular measure, how ever strongly it was endorsed by the. will ? of the people, and apparently there Tva6 no remedy. The nominee House was much uiure uajenaoie lo.puuuc oi'iuum uiau uian elected on a restricted franchise. . (Mr. Charleston— 'What is the experience here?') They could see that in connection with the history of this franchise reduction movement. The Council had thrown out measures which had been clearly shewn to ? be desired by the people of South Austra lia. But let them examine a little further the statement that 'the constitution of the Legislative Council of South Aus tralia was one of the . most libe ral in the world. He found that in America, Cape Colony, Switzerland, and in ^ many other countries where - there were two Houses, they were both elected on ihe same franchise. Yet in America, for in stance, he had not noticed that the dema gogues or extreme radicals had the domi nant power. If there were any country in the world where the power of wealth and property had greater effect than another it was America. Let them consider the ter rible power of rings and trusts' and other centres of that sort. It did not follow, then, that because there were two Houses elected on the same franchise that supreme power was given to radicals or the bulk of the people to promote legislation of a con fiscatory nature, or to endanger The stabili ty of property. He found that in Canada there were certain provinces with only one House. Ontario had only one, and British Columbia, New Brunswick, Manitoba, and Prince Edward Island were other exam ples. (Mr. McGregor— 'How do they get op?') They all seemed to progress with out the fearful consequences prognosticat ed as a result of the passage of this Bill. In many instances these provinces had formerly two Houses, but were now quite content to thrive and prosper with one, elected on adult suffrage. (Mr. Warren— 'How many have two, after 'trying one?') He did not Jjnow of a single ins'tance. (Sir Edwin Smith — 'You wish to abolish this House?') He was a strong believer in the bicameral system, but con sidered that the two Houses should be based upon a franchise sufficiently broad to enable the will of the people to be given effect to in legislation. The con tention had been made that property should have some special legislative pro tection. It had been argued that the Legislative Council was elected for the protection of property. He denied that altogether. The protection of property. was one function of both Houses, anil especially perhaps of the Council, but their main consideration was undoubtedly the welfare of (he people. In framing the Federal Constitution the fifty bdst men in Australia decided that property should have no special representation in either House, notwithstanding the great national interests which came within the sphere of Federal Government. (Mr. Howe—^'The land is not taken over by the Federation.') The Federal authority possessed the su preme jjower of taxing it, and property was given no special consideration as far as the election of the Federal Legislature was concerned. (Mr. Sandford — ''All the more reason why it should have it in the States.') What was the use of a little protection in the States if the Federal Par liament could tax the land as it pleased — it was like stopping the ppigot and oiien ing the bunghole. It had been contended tii at the Senate was in a different position to the Legislative Council, but if the Senate was not an IJpjier House, and had not to perform the duties of an Upper House, then the Federal Constitution must be without an Upper House at all. (Mr. Ward — 'Do you ? think the Federal Constitution is perfect?') He had merely instanced it as the latest example of a constitution, framed by the fifty best men in Australia, and endorsed by the i-eople as a whole. There had not been any protest against the Senate being based upon the widest possible franchise. No one had attempted to propose that there should be a property qualification for that Chamber, whatever might be the objections raised to other parts of the Bill. (Mr. Ward— ''But it i-'Jiould have been done.'') The objections of Mr. Ward and some others were but the voices of a few crying in the wilderness. Now as to the assertion that the passage of this Bill ' would enable the Labor Party to dominate legislation in South Australia, and carry measures to the injury of property. Let them look at the power of the Labor Party and its position thus far in the Parl'am«nt of South Australia. They found thru in the House of Assembly, which was elected on adult suffrage, the Labor members were but a fifth of the whole. Yet ;d! it was proposed to apply to the Legislative Coun cil was household suffrage, j^ltliough on the widest of franchises the people had every opportunity of giving tlie Labor Party a dominating influence in the Lower House there had never : been more rlian 11 or 12 members returned at the general election. Take the election of representa tives of the colony for the Federal Con vention. That was conducted on adult suffrage, everyone of 21 years of age in South Australia having the right io vote. What was the result? Not a Labor mem ber was selected, and he had always con tended that it was the one blot upou that representation that so large and iintjortant a body should not have one delegate. It did not follow, then, that because the franchise was extended that the l^abor Party would obtain a pre dominating influence, although as far as South Australia was concerned any in fluence which the Labor Party had rhus far been able to exerehe had been for the good of the colony, and in favor of popular measures, both for.; the country and the rity. It had been the' practice of. opponeuts of popular measures when unable to advance pertinent arguments likely to carry any weight, to raiise bogeys and * foreast objectionable things as likely to result. They would remember how when progre.v-ive ]and taxation was pro posed its opponents .said it would mean the introduction of the single tax. Now, fail ing convincing arguments against house hold suffrage its opponents were raising . ?? ? ? 'V,-: ?; |.i ** *? MM^be'Cry. tiiai it meant representation on ? ?tl-&i;)b.usis«X jiopula.t'iipn. This was done to -'create ?uneasiness in the country, dis tricts, .who feared that centimes of settle ment vitfh their greater population would be dominant. Therefore . the -opponents harped' on this cry for all they, were wortti. Jf it had been shown that the proposal for representation on the basis -of- population fiad been passed by die House of Assem bly, and that the Legislative Council was standing in the way there might be some force in .the argument, but no such pro posal had even been made there, let aione cainned, and therefore the -passage or re jection of the Household Suffrage Bill had no bearing whatever on . the question. Before members could show that the libe ralising of the Council would bring disas- ter to tlie country districts, they must show- \vhat- measures had been passed in ' the House ?of .Assembly And 'had been block ed by the Legis!ativ©-CouncH, (Mr! Sand ford— 'Free 'breakfast table.') In a few months the Federal Parliament would have control of Che Customs, and Mr. Sandford would- not be able to frighten the people with the cry of shifting the taxation from tlie necessaries of life on to the land. He promised Mr. Bice that he would indicate what the Government intended to do in. view of Federation coming into force. Con siderable powers would be taken -from the local Parliaments, and as great, expense would be entailed in supporting '?! wo Par liaments, some economies would be neces sary. The -Government proposed that the number of members should be reduced by one-third, and that the number of Minis ters should be reduced by one, at any rate. With regard to the rearrangement of dis tricts a Select Committee or Koyal Com mission would be appointed to report. The experience of tlie other colonies recently showed the evils of conflicts between the Houses. In New South Wales there was a conflict with regard to Federation, and it was overcome by 'adding members to the Upper House. In Victoria the Council had thrown out a Bill for adult' suffrage, and quite recently it had thrown it out again. In West Australia the Upper House 'was blocking the way of adjusting the consti tuencies. All this showed that until some logical and permanent basis was adopted these conflicts would continue. After al!, ?it was not a question of how many times a Bill had been earned by 'the Council, „ whether it affected city or country dis tricts, whether it gave more vote^: to wo men or men, or whether it pitreiijrtlieiied or weakened the Council. The- real question was — Is the proposal fair and justY Was it tight that one-third o£ the people should have the right to determine tire legislation / for the three-thirds? (Mr. Ward— 'They can deny; they can't create.'') They could cause stagnation, and prevent any advance being made. Were the Council to have these 70.000 electors continually knocking at their doors. If they gave a vote to those who had some stake in tlie emm'try they ; would give general satisfaction and do away with the great cau-.e for further njii- | lation. This was no passing agiiarion. In The Federal Constitution they had given every man and woman a vote for boil) Houses. (Mr. Howe — 'You know there is | no analogy between the Senate and the j Upper House.') The .Senate had to per- I form all the functions of an Upper House. | The people would be reminded every three i years of the difference between rheiwol'ar- j iiamenis. Tlie national Parliament of Aus tralia was to be elected by all 'the people, and the Stale Parliament, with only petty provincial interests to consider, was elected by a few of them. _The elections every three years would bp a per petual protest against the existing state of , things. Whether the matter was shelved now or not it was not going to be settled until the people had the rights that were due to them. The difficulty would arise like a ghost every three yeaiv, and would compel settlement either on the Lines pibr posed or the. more advanced ones of adult suffrage. He commended the Bill to the House, and asked members to vote for it. The Hon. J. L. .STIRLING- moved the adjournment of the debate. The Hon. A. R. ADDISON a.-kod if the President would rule whether Mr. Gor don's amendment was an amendment to the Bill or whether it would have to be discussed separately The PRESIDENT— Jt is an amendment on the motion. The motion is that the f Bill be read a second time, to which Mr. Gordon has given notice of an amendment. Tlie Hon. E. WARD— If it is carried the Bill will not be amended. The PRESIDENT— Of course not. The motion is that the Bill be read a second time. The Bill iw only amended in com mittee. The motion was carried, sjnd the ad journed debate fixed for Tuesday next. 