THE STME Of TILUH sum Tillie "Slater often saio «Be was working her fingers to the bone, but nobody seemed to care. XHlie's Sister Alice was the "fashionsibie" dressmaker iu RosebSLry flow, aud j TiUie was her assistant. Cl.o She nut cut lintinnbuttonholes, sewed straight seams on the machine, pulled out basting threads, helped to cook the meals, washed dishes, swept floors and read the news to her brother Geoffrey. There had been a time when the Slater girls had looked upon Geoff- rey as a helper and a protector in the struggle with poverty,which was the only legacy their parents had left them. But that was before the accident on the new school house, where he was working. After that his arms were limp and lifelees, his back was bent, and his eyes were bad, and the poor boy. with the hope and si l ength of his seventeen years all blighted. because nothing but a burden to his faithful sisters. There were a good many times when Tillie worked herself iuto the belief that she was a mariyr. Then she secretly rebelled against the hardness of her lot; but, with the exception o£ commenting on the condition of her finger tips, she considerately refrained from complaining in Alice's presence. But when they took the baby to" raise she'felt that slie was justified in "open rebellion. "It's a downright shame," she cried out, bitterly, when Alice brought the little fellow home with her from the funeral and announced her intention of keeping him. "I declare, I won't put up with it. Just as if we haven't had a hard enough time already without this happening. It's been nothing but work, work, all my life. I've never had time nor the money to go to places, and do things like other girls. Tve never said anything about how I felt, for I supposed you and Goeffrey were suffering just as much as I did. But when it comes to saddling ourselves with other people's children, I won't stand it." "But he's our own nephew," persisted Alice, gently. "Our own sister's child. Just before* Clara went she called me in aiid asked me to take him and bring him up, and I've got to do it. Remember, he is au orphan as well as ourselves, Tillie. If we don't care for him, who will?" "I don't know," said Tillie, stifliy. "I suppose you can put him in an asylum or an institution. That is where other babies go when their fathers aud mothers die, and he's no better than the rest of them. There's one tiling sure,we can't have., him. One more mouth to feed and one more body to clothe means a good deal to poor folks like us. And we need so many things now. too. Besides, who's going to take care of him? A two-year-old baby can't very well shift for himself." '•Yes, I know," returned Alice. "I thought, you could take him out for an airing sometimes aud lool: af^er him a little nights aud mornings. Geoff rey aud I can manage to get along some way during the day. Then vacation will soon be here aud you will have lots of time to give him." "Take care of him nights anil mornings aud haul him around during vacation! Yes. indeed, I see myself doing it. I'll strike, that's what 1"H do*Alice Slater. I won't turn my hand over to help about one solitary thing. If you're going to burden yourself with troublesome babies, 3'ou'll liave to get along the best way you can. I shan't help." Alice sighed aud commenced to pare the potatoes for supper. Tillie took up her Latin reader and tried to study, but somehow she could not concentrate her thoughts on tlie lesson. Through the open door she could sea tlie baby sitting by tlie sewing room window iu tlie midst of some flowering plants that Tillie had carefully nursed throughout the winter, He was a bonnie child,"and lie looked so gwGet aud ptefty fn bis pInk dl. egg ^ white raffled apron that even Tillie's hardened heart was touched, and tlie thought was borne in on her mind as slie watched him that of all the flowers blooming there the daintiest and fairest was her little nephew. " Why don't you kiss the baby, dear?" said Alice, as she began to set ibe tabl?. "Don't act that way. Poor little thing, he lias been so lonesome yesterday and fco-day without his mother. Clara al- Avays spoiled him, I guess. He'll get over it soon, but it's pitiful now to see how his heart is grieved for her." Alice lifted a corner of her apron to her eyes, but Tillie turned her attention to the Latin reader once more and refused to welcome the addition to their family. She did not refer to the subject again, but her actions gave positive proof that the strike was on. " ' "Tillie's still sulking." Alice said to Geoffrey one morning, after her sister had gone to school without heeding the boy, ; who had held out his chubby hands, and: asked, in his baby way. to be taken, too. "There's been an awful change in her. She never does anything unless t ask her to, and.ehe seems to liate little Hiram. I'm sure I don't know what I'm going to do about it," and the nineteenyear-old breadwinner sighed. "Don't worry, Alice," said patient Geoffrey. "Don't pay any attentiou to her awhile. Anybody'd have to love ihis child. It's contrary to human uaturc to hold unkind feelings toward him." But Tillies bad humor diG not wear off. The strike was . continued throughout April and May. and when vacation began her dislike for the little boy who had, by common consent, been consigned to her care, was at fever heat. Tillie herself often wondered how she could treat him so badly. "Hiram Stewart, Hiram Stewart I hate you," she said one day in a low, tense voice that fairly frightened her when she realised what a terrible state of mind such a .tone must express- She had taken him out to the park that afternoon for an airing in compliance with Alice's request. She placed liim iu one corner of a -wooden bench and knelt before liim that slie might look him iSquarelyj-in tiie face when telling him "what she 'thought :of him. Even in the midst of her anger Tillie involuntarily pronounced him the prettiest baby iu the •a-liole world, with his soft brown hair, loug dark lashes and beautifully moulded face, but the thought did not cause her to relent. "Do you know what you have done to me, Hiram Stewart 4 /" she went on. "You've made me work my fingers to the bone." Tillie could not forbear using her favorite expression, in spite of the fact that she had been doing comparatively little since his coming. "Ton keep me from having any fun. I can't go visiting with the girls, but have tp lug you around* every bright day instead," * Great jEears ; WcUv/eoiir.siug down tli<! baby's cheeks and his breast heaved with the storm of subs that was about to break.. Tillie saw his grief, but she -went on mercilessly. "I had completed plans for having a little pleasure; tJj^^ummer for the first time iu my life, and you had to come iu and knock them all in the bead, Hiram Stewart, you're the pest of my existence. I'm" not going to put up with you any longer. Phi—going—to—lose—you." It .seems as though the child understood the import of the words, for he set up a cry that echoed through that part o£ the park and attracted the attention of everybody who chanced to be loungiiig there. '"Oh. deal 1 ! Oh, dear!" lamented Tillie. "I've done it now. I ought to have known better than to get him scared. "I most fry'to quiet him somehow, There, there, baby," and she assumed a coaxing tone, "'don't cry. Tillie didn't ineaii it. Come on, flailing?and go to sleep. Tillie'll sing for you." ? She.iook him in her arms aud sat down In his corner of the bench. Then, sway-1 ing herself gently backward and foi;wai<a.l she slip niiu-miir-'; murmur^ a - iu^y I..it.» Wltii which v = her. i. own heart had ofteii been soothed when lioavt- heavy with mtill tnfflnKln Infantile woes. tt/ios The TllP flftflN after hooii sun was sinking low, aiud its last rays fell athwart the fair face nestled against her shoulder, when Tillie ceased singing and assured herself that the baby was sound asleep. One little hand was closed over the end of the lac-e scarf at her throat, but she deftly loosed his grasp, and with a dexterity born of a settled determination slie slipped him from her arm to the bench. Then she stood up and looked around. That corner of the park was momentarily deserted. The only persons in sight were three boys in a boat, quite a distance out on the lake, and a fisherman, who was just returning from the end of the pier. Slie watched the fisherman until lie struck into a pathway leading south.then turned to the baby once more. One tiny hand was doubled up under his head aud the other nestled beneath his chin. There were tear stains ou his cheeks, and even in his sleep his breathing was convulsed now and then, as though dreaming, of the sorrow he had just borne. Tillie gave one more quick, frightened glance at the child on the bench, tlfen turned and ran, with the swiftness of a young gazelle, through a deeply shaded path that branched off from the wide carriage way. Twilight had already settled down in the tree-lined walk, and there was no one to watch her flight. She had almost reached the street, where the cable cars were running to and fro, before anyone crossed her path. Then she slackened her speed and walked into the wide drive with apparent unconcern. The clock in the tower of the railroad depot at the head of Roseberry row was striking seveu when Tillie walked into the kitchen—alone. Supper liad been standing for half an hour, and Alice already had grown nervous and anxious. "Where's Hiram:" she asked, when she perceived that Tillie did not have the baby. "O-o-o-h." moaned Tillie over and over again. Her grief was not feigned, for her alarm had by that time become genuine in realisation of her offence. "What's the matter?" repeated Alice. "Where's HiramV" "He's lost, ur stolen or something," said Tillie. "1 had him ou a bench close, to the lake, and I just went down to the edge of the water for a few minutes, and when 1 went back he was gone. O-o-o-h!" " Somebody's stolen him," said G-eoffiery, . Alice was w eeping piteously. "Did you speak to a policeman, TillieV" she asked. iX-n-o." faltered Tillie. "I didn't think about it." Within an hour's time a description of the lost child had-been sent to every police slaiion in town. That was a- proceeding Tillie had not counted on, and she wondered what the outcome would be. It practically resulted in nothing, for iu spite of the assurances of the officer who pa ti»Jed Roseberry row that Hiram would be restored by morning, the next day dawned without bringing any news of the pretty boy. Tillie passed a miserable night. She begged to be allowed to sit up with Alice and the neighbors w-lw kad come tu, but they badfe her go to bed— "It isn't your fault, child," they said, kindly. "Kobody blaines you. You look like you'd been sick for a week. Go to bed and try to rest a little." Their tender solicitude increased her feeling of guilt. Along toward moi-ning she fell asleep, but she was tormented by such awful dreams that she was glad when taey told her it was time to get up. A week passed, and in spite of the efforts of the police the Slater baby was still missing. Tillie liad rid herself of her troublesome little relative, but somehow his absence did uot bring the sense of freedom she had expected. The strike had been called off, and she again helped Alice of her own ac-cord-But there wasn't much to be done. Sewing was slack just then, aud ail the duties pertaining to the baby were no longer needed. She had plenty of time to go visiting, with the girls, but she had no inclination to improve her opportunity, aud every day she looked longingly at the high-chair which stood empty among the roses and geraniums and carnations, and wondered what had become of him. Of afternoons she went to the park and sat on the bench where she had left him iu tlie eliill of the coming uight. The picture of the baby as he lay there was constantly before her aud she cried out that "her heart was breaking. It was her first great sin, and the punishment was terrible. On the eighth day after "losing" the baby Tillie walked dejectedly through the park toward the fateful spot. Her head was bent, and she did not raise her eyes from the ground till near the familiar bench. Then she stopped short with a cry of alarm and nibbed her eyes to U13ke sure she was awake. Yes, she was right: she had lost her mind indeed, for there on that self-same bench, dressed in the same pink frock, and lying in the same attitude, in the same corner, was the despised baby. Her heart gave a mighty bound as though ft would jump clear out of her mouth. • "He's dead, and that's his ghost," she cried, faintly; "but I'm going to look at his pretty face onee more, any way." A moment later she stood beside him, and in another instant Hiram Stewart, in flesh and blood, not in spirit, was clasped in her strong'youug arms. "My darling, darling baby," she sob- bed. -I love you; indeed I do." There was a note pinned to his dress. It was Addressed to her. She' opened it and read as follows: "On the afternoon of 25th June an old man who was resting in the shadow; of a clump of bushes in' Lincoln Park heard a little girl saying some very cruel things to a baby. Amoiig other things" she threatened to 'lose' him. The old man was sorely grieved at that, and after-the little girl had run away he went over aud sat ou the bench beside the sleeping boy. It was dark when the baby, awoke and sat up and looked around him. He was chilled and hungry, and frightened at th > lonesome stillness, and if the little girl could have heard Ms pitiful crying she would have vowed never to 'lose' him again, but to love him dearly. "The old mail took him home. He soon learned, through the newspapers, to whom the child belonged. He made a trip to Roseberry row and told the little girl's brother and sister a few things, and they decided it would be as well to bring the little girl to her senses. The old man has given the child the best of care. He would like to keep him always, but there are others who have a better claim. He is yours, henceforward," There was no name slgmici to the letter. Tillie looked all around for the old man. who, she thought, must be near, but he had disappeared as mysteriously as lie had come the day she "lost" the baby. Tillie clasped Hiram's chubby arms round her neck and pressed him close to her heart. She wont, straight to Itoseberr.v row. "I've fouud him, Alice," she said, simply. "You know all about it I'm sorry. The strike is over. Alice, and If you don't let me work my fingers to the bone now, I'll never forgive you." —"Chicago Re- cord." 