THE NOVELIST. THISTLEDOWN. BY ESTHER HACKNEY. CHAPTER XIV. The House of Bransmere was ploughing through a "grisly evening" as Barbara would have put it, which, being interpret- ed, meant that the family were entertain- ing four or five young acquaintances of either sex at dinner, games, and music. "We've fed them; and now we'll have to amuse them, I suppose," she remarked re- signedly to Tom when she turned to find him standing beside her. "Barbarina, I'm surprised at you," quoth Tom. "It is a right thing that you should take pleasure therein, and not spend your time grumbling and growling thereat." "Thomasino," she retorted, "my heart loveth not these grim shows. I loathe the same, and all things appertaining thereto." "As I'm one of the things appertaining thereto, I take that as a personal affront." "Oh, present company's always except- ed." "A stereotyped excuse, and glaringly in- sufficient. That won't do." "You won't get anything else," she re- turned firmly. "But, joking apart, Tom, how soon do you think they can reasonably be expected to go?" "I'm afraid you'll have to possess your soul in impatience for three hours more at least, my most hospitable hostess," Mr. Dunscombe told her with a heartless chuckle. "About that time we may pos- sibly go our ways and leave you in peace." "Oh, you." said Barbara. "You're no- body, you don't count. It's the others. What on earth are we to do with them till the blessed hour of freedom comes?" "Go and make yourself charming, and exercise your fascinations upon yonder languishing young man." "Can't. Haven't got any fascinations to exercise," retorted Barbara, shortly. "Pooh! don't talk to me," said Tom. "I won't if you'd rather not," she cut in. "I'll transfer my attention's to Miss Corres- ton, who, if she doesn't appreciate them, let us hope will have the politeness not to tell me so." And she stalked off and left him. Miss Correston received her graciously, and condescended to chatter charmingly to her, until Hal came up and claimed her attention, and Barbara found herself de- serted. So she smiled, and discreetly took herself off. Niel Courtenay came up to her. "I have hardly exchanged two words with you since we had that interesting discus- sion about churches, and parsons, and life, at your sister's," he said, smiling. "Where have you been hiding yourself all this long time?" "I haven't been hiding myself anywhere," she answered, "I've been at home, and about as usual." "Ah, I forgot. You are an anchorite, and don't care for the company of your fellow creatures. How stupid of me to forget." "Not, at all," said Barbara, looking at him with a gleam of mischief. "It is quite excusable. You have had so many other things to think about." He laughed. "Yes, the 'beautiful fairy princess is mine, now," he whispered, letting his kind- ling eyes rest on his lady. "And you are the happiest of fairy prin- ces?" "Next week," he said, softly, "my cup of happiness will be full to overflowing, for I shall be the richest man in the world." But Barbara's heart misgave her, as she followed his eyes across the room; and she felt a sudden pity for him. "I hope so," she said, earnestly. "If the wishes of your friends are of any use, you will have all the joy in life." "Thank you," he said. "Those wishes are always of use, and I have no fear for their fulfilment." Then he went on talking to her, and as the conversation drifted from point to point, he was surprised to find how many interests they had in common, delighted that she enthused with him over the beau- ties of Spring, and the tender fragrance of the first young violets and primroses, the dainty pink and white of the cloudy blos- soms, and the thousand charms of the fair capricious season; marvelled at her lack of taste for the frivolities of society, and ad- mired her love of the artistic, and the beautiful. Finally thought again what a nice little girl she was. And Lesden, watching them, and gathering the drift from their animated faces, and looking then across the room to where Divine Dulcie sat, letting her glorious dark eyes peep over the top of her fan, to work what ravage they might on Hal, gave his broad shoul- ders a shake, and mentally cried—"What fools there be!" Barbara's peace is broken in upon. Hal comes up to her with a request. "I say, Bab., come and warble us a ditty, will you ?" "Oh, do, Miss Bransmere," said Niel. "I wish you would." Barbara's face clouded. She looked dis- tressed. "Oh, Hal," she said, "I can't really." "Why not? Nonsense! Of course you can. Come on, there's a good girl." She looked up and met Lesden's eyes. They were smiling persuasive encourage- ment at her, but she coloured faintly and shrank back. "No," she faltered, "I couldn't. I can't do it well enough, and I should break down." "We'll risk that," urged Niel; "do try." "Really, Barbara," said Beryl severely across the room, "it's absurd to think of all the time you've been learning and yet you can't sing a song when you're asked." "Yes, you're quite right, Beryl, it is ab- surd," Mrs. Bransmere joined in an injured voice. Barbara set her lips, and sat nervously clenching her fingers. Lesden got up and came over to her. "I have come to add my entreaties," he said. "Please don't disappoint us, Miss Barbara; we want a song so badly. Sing that beautiful little thing I heard you prac- tising the other day. Do," he added, a little lower. ''Come, Bab, don't be disagreeable, you know," said Hal, seizing her hand with brotherly insistence, and drawing her to her feet. Two bright spots, came into Barbara's cheeks. "All right," she said a trifle unsteadily, "if I make an exhibition of myself and make the ghost of the wretched composer long to dance on my chest at 12, don't blame me." "We won't," promised Neil laughing; "if he turns up just explain the case to him, and send him along to settle with us." Dulcie shrugged her shoulders and re- marked to the man beside her— ''What an extraordinary girl that Miss Bransmere is?" The extraordinary girl went to the piano and sang a dainty ballad about flowers and birds and sunshine. Her voice trembled slightly through excessive nervousness, but she got through the threatened breakdown, and breathed a sigh of relief when she rose. "Don't stop," Courtenay exclaimed, waving her back. "We can't let you off so easily. Another one like that, please." "Oh, but I think it is somebody else's turn now," Barbara objected. "After this perhaps," said Lesden, at- tacking her music, and bringing fresh ma- terial to light. We want this one first." So she yielded and sat down again, but at the finish of that declared that her duty had been done, and insisted on a fresh per former. When the various musical contri- butions had been drawn to a close Lesden came and sat down beside her. "Well, he said, "you are not dissatisfied now, surely?" She looked up. "Dissatisfied?" "With yourself. After the way you sang those two songs you ought to feel glowing with honest pride." "Well, I don't!" she said almost fiercely. "I sang .adly." "That's a matter of opinion, he ans- wered quietly; "it isn't mine, nor is it that of any other person in this room." "Have you been round asking them?" she enquired tartly. "It was not necessary to ask—the admira- tion was voluntary." Barbara drew down the corners of her mouth. "They're easily pleased," was her grim remark. "I wish you wouldn't talk like that," said Kieth sharply. "I don't like to hear it—from you. And that expression doesn't suit you, nor that sort of sarcasm become you. Besides, it's ungrateful—you ought to know better." Barbara drew herself up and looked at him. She was too much astonished and taken aback to frame an answer. "Are you offended?" he said, looking half angry and half amused. "You see, I am candid, and say exactly what I think, and I'm not going to say I'm sorry, so it is no use to expect an apology." The coolness of the announcement tickled Barbara's sense of humour," and she re- laxed her dignity and laughed. "In that case I suppose I must overlook it for once, then," she added seriously. "I think we won't talk about it, we shan't agree—and I'd rather not." "You'd rather not agree, or you'd rather not hear the truth, which?" he demanded. "I'd rather not talk about what we won't agree on," turning her head away, for she was shy with him on the subject since what she called "that hideous afternoon." "Do you know," said Kieth, regarding her intently, "there are times when you can be most intensely exasperating." "I daresay; most people can. I am such an uninteresting subject, can't we find something more entertaining?" "How did you get on with Niel?" en- quired Lesden abruptly. "Mr. Courtenay?" glancing at him in sur- prise. "We got on all right. Why?" "Oh, nothing—only he's an enthusiast over so many of your favourite fancies that I should think you'd chum in spinning- ly together." "Isn't he very clever? People think a great deal of him, don't they?" asked Bar- bara "Yes, with every reason. He's got his head screwed on the right way. He's a thundering good fellow is Niel." "You are great friends?" "I'm fond of him," Kieth admitted with a smile, "and he still spares a thought to me now and then, poor old chap!" "Good gracious, Mr. Lesden, what are you thinking of?" exclaimed Barbara laugh- ingly. " 'Poor' when he is going to marry the loveliest lady in the land!" "I'm thinking," he said gravely, "that his ideals will meet with scant sympathy by- and-bye; and beauty of body, to be perfect, must have beauty of soul to match it." "You think she doesn't understand?" said Barbara quickly. "I think she doesn't understand." "Perhaps she will in time," she said hopefully. "She is very young yet." "So are you," he answered, with a smile; "but you haven't needed to be taught. These things are in Nature." He was looking at her with something of a queer expression in his eyes. Barbara blushed a little, then wondered why she did, and felt annoyed that she had. She took refuge in a cynicism. "They seem very happy; and, though it's a doubtful way of finding happiness, I sup- pose they know best—or think they do." "Oh," he said. "So you think it's a doubtful way of finding happiness, do you?" "I certainly do." "H'm. I wonder if some one will succeed in making you change your mind?" "I think it highly improbable," said Bar- bara firmly. He felt piqued. His vanity of sex was pricked. "It might he worth while to try," he thought. He leaned forward, smiling at her. "Those are strange views for little girls of your age to hold." ''Do you think all 'little girls of my age' want to get married?" enquired Barbara, contemptuously. "Of course they do; and a very right and proper thing too." "A very idiotic thing," retorted the youthful cynic, with scorn. "And when they've once got in, they spend the rest of their lives wanting to get out again? I suppose." ".pon my word, Miss Bransmere," ex- claimed Leden, laughing in spite of him- self. "This is disgraceful. Where on earth have you been imbibing all these heretical ideas from? It strikes me some of the branches of your education have been shamefully neglected." "Because I don't pander to your mascu- line vanity by pretending to yearn for the attentions of your sex ?" "There shouldn't be any pretending about it, and you needn't yearn, either," he argued. "A woman's natural lot is love and marriage, and you won't escape the universal wing singing any more than any of the rest of us. And I don't believe you want to, really." "Don't you ?" returned, Barbara, disdain- fully, "Well, it doesn't matter much what you believe, so long as I know." "Tell me," he said—he leaned forward, and looked at her searchingly —"hon.stly and truly, don't you want to change your mind? Would you be adamant if some one cared very much, and asked you to care too?" Barbara's heart gave a sudden and unex- pected thump. She felt the colour rising hotly. What did he mean by talking to and looking at her like that? How dared he. She felt incensed against him; none the less that it was the third time that night that he had brought the, blood to her cheeks. So she answered impatiently— "Yes, I would. Also I find it impossible to bring my imagination to such a highly improbable state of things. For goodness sake talk about something sensible or else don't talk at all. Oh, there's Beryl beckoning to me. I must go and see what she wants." And she swept away and left him to di- gest his snubbing as best he might. "Niel," said Dulcie thoughtfully, as the dogcart crawled along at a snail's pace under the stars, owing no doubt to the fact that Mr. Courtenay was one-handed, "why doesn't Mr. Lesden like me?" Niel found himself rather taken aback by the suddenness of this question, and stum- bled in consequence over his answer. "Not like you, darling?" he repeated lamely. "Yes, not like me. Why doesn't he?" "Nonsense!" declared her lover, "What ridiculous notion will you get next into your pretty head, dear. Why ——" "Now, my dear boy," interupted Dulcie practically. "It's not a bit of use, you know; you couldn't deceive a babe—you're much too open and honest. I know Mr. Lesden doesn't like me, and so do you, and I want to know why?" "Because he's an infernal old duffer, and doesn't know a good thing when he sees it," returned Niel, with a touch of temper which found vent in a jag on his horse's mouth. "I suppose he thinks I'm not good enough for you?" said Dulcie plaintively. He crushed her up to him, and mut- tered a word under his breath. "A truce to old Kieth and his brainsick fooling fancies," he cried. "My sweetheart, if ever I hear such a word from your lips again I'll——" But he stopped then, and kissed her pas- sionately. 