Curiosities of -Marriage. Of all subjects, marriage is perhaps the most generally interesting--except to the married. Here is a catalogue of curiosilins in matrimony :- Probably the briefest courtship on record was that of John Bate and Mary Ann Bass, who were married in August, .1819, in. a small town in New York State, after an acquaintance of tone hour;. A poet of the period thus im mortalised the event : Is this not angling well? T ask, iSuch tender bait to take ? He caught in one short hour a Base ; The Bass, though, caught the Bate. On the other hand, long-extended courtships are by no* means uncommon. A conspicuous one was that between Captain Thomas Baxter, of Quincey, and Miss Whitmore, who were united at Bridgewater in 1788. The bride= groom was 66 years old, and the bride 57\. Their wedding brought to a suc cessful issue a protracted and tedious courtship of 48 years, which they both sustained with uncommon fortitude. Coming- down to our own times, the 'year 1892 is noteworthy for per. heps -the most expeditions -mar riage ceremony ever . performed. It occurred in the States. The contract ing parties, desired to catch a particular boat, so a justice made them husband' and wife in a carriage while the horses were'being rapidly driven to the wharf. A minister refunsd to unite the couple, and only- 10 minutes remained before the departure of the -steamer; bat even kin that brief space a justice was found and the knot was tied. The happy pa'r caught the boat. Marriages in queer places are but the natural outcome of this novelty-loving age. In 1897 a wedding was go.,e 1hc.ugh in a den of lions, when the bride and bridegroom the clergymrar, and as many of the bridesmaids as could find room, entered the den, and the entire ceremony was gone through. There were two lions in the cage, but they appeared too amazed to show ferocity. During the Chicago World's Fair a marriage tbok place on the Ferris Wheel, at a height of 250ft above the ground. Another couple chose the inside of the head of the huge figure of the Goddess of Liberty in New York Harbor for their marriage. Very quaint, too,. was the idea of the bridegroom who chose a spot in a cemetery, close to the grave of his first wife, as the scene for his second marriage ceremony. Weddings have bee.i solemnised in balloons, and in coal mines, by telephone, and on the phonograph, in show windows, and on house-roofs; in fact, in all sorts of places have twos Iteen made ones, not excepting death beds. In connection vith death bed map risges, here is a remarkable incident. Some years ago a young Hungarian military officer was requested to pay a visit to a rich widow of 60, who, the doctors said, was on the point of death. The soldier went, and the lady said that if be married her all her wealth would be his. Thinking the chance too great to be thrown away, he agreed, and they were married. Then a remarkable thing hapoened; the supposed dying woman picked up her health again, and lived for anpther twenty years, eventu ally going hence in 1890. It is a truly sad story, as the young man's life was ruined by his unhappy marriage. The chaplain of a country gaol once married a convict. The clergyman was a widower with quite a retinue of child ren. This exceptional union would not have been rpown but for the fact that. the wife neglected to report herself on her ticket-of-leave, and the officials of the Penal Department complained acecordingly. In consequence of this the chaplain was appointed to another prison. Many unexpected things have hap pened at weddings, but it is. rare indeed that one bears of a bride becoming insane immediately after the ceremony. Such a case, however, occurred at :a marriage in Stuttgart. The couple were returning home from the-registry office, when suddenly the bride sprang from the carriage and ran to her mother's house, where she threw herself on the floor screaming that ghosts were follow. ing her. The nnforturate lady had gone raving mad, and was taken to a lunatic; asylum. : In 1892, at Christchurch, New Zea land, a woman minus-arms was married, the ring being placed on the fourth toe of her left. foot. .Such an event has occurred before. In the marriage regis ter of the church of St. James Bury St. Edmunds, is this singular record : 1832, Novethber. 5l Christopher Nern. son, Charity forrell. Charity Morrell being entirely without arms the ring was placed upon the fourth toe of her ·right foot, and she wrote her name in this register with her right foot,- "' Daily Mieil."T ma|J - i -- 