A BULL V. LION FIGHT.' The good people of Roubaix, in the north of Franco, celebrated National Fele day last week in a peculiarly atrocious manner. Tlie progiammo of amusements included a round of bull-fighting, and a 'grand wind up' in the shape of an encounter between' a huge lion, ' Goliath,' and a Spanish bull, tho contestants boing put together in a large ease. Tho result was most disappointing to tho spectators, for Goliath, born and reared He ' roared splendidly,' but tho shouts of the bloodthirsty spectators and mad rush of tho goaded bull cowed him completely. Tho first encounter was dccisivo. Tho bull gored the lion's flank terribly, and in tho madness of pain Goliath hit off tho bull's car. But that was hia only attempt at reprisals, for next moment ho was rolling on tho ground, bleeding profusely, and groan ing with agony. Meanwhile tiie bull stood with ready head waiting tho lion's next move. When it camc it was u desporate attempt to get anywhere out of the range of the toro's terrible horns. To do so, Goliath tried to climb tho bars of tho cage, and as soon as ho rose tho bull charged again, driving his horns into the hapless lion's month. The wounded brute bit savagely on tho horn, and scored the bull's thick neck with a blow of his paw, but it was a lust cfiort, for as tho bull drew off for another eliargo Goliath rolled over in tho last throes. In vain did tho. Chulos try to irritalo the poor bcask into a final oflort ; iu vain'; they tried to make tho bull oliargo once again. Ho would not touob' the inort tnwny mass, : I and Leo gave up the ghost whilst 14,000 presumably civilised beings cheered tho victor, and heaped maledictions on tho van quished. So far tho authorities do not appear lo lmvc taken any action against tho promotors of this inhuman show, and further lion v. bull fights are on the tapis. Bidel, tho menagerie man, had offered to put one of his lions against two of Mazzantini's best Spanish bulls. The toreador, on his side, says he will mutch the tore against two lions or tigers for £1000. 