A GHOST IN A COPPER MINE. BLAYNEY, Monday.— Some consternation has been caused amongst some of the miners at the copper mlne by the visitations of a ghost In one of the shafts. The men hear strange noises, bells ringing, sighing, groanlngs; etc. Miners going below have their candles extinguished by a super natural visitor, and some of tho men allege that something brushed passed them. Six men have left the mine owing to the terror the ghost has Inspired. ALBURY, Monday. During tho storm a week ago a numbor of thoroughbred yearlings and two-year-old colts and llllles at Tabletop Station " stampeded, and, running Into a wire fonee, wore badly Injured. One of them had to be destroyed. Another, thoroughbred, frightened by the thunder and lightning, rushed into a barbed- wire fence, ; and was terribly out about. ALSTONVILLE. Monday. A woll-doflnod lunar rainbow was vlslblo hero on Saturday at 2 a.m. \- Local butchers havo suffered considerable loss lately through sheep being worried by domestlo , dogs, one man losing 15 sheep in one night. Tho telephone at Rous, connecting Alstonvlllo with Rous Mill, has been corapletod, and la' now working. - :.-' There Is considerable speculation hero as to tho names of tho returning Lnucers. Twenty- six 'of tho English' contingent belong to this river. So far tho parents or relatives havo not rocolved notification of any intended return. Although regrettlng'thd necessity of Incurring the dnngerB of active ) servlco, all consider that their hoys should not return unless medically or other wise UDllt to servo. BREWARRINA, Monday. An impromptu sports meeting, held on the 9th instant; realised £14 towards the cost of reno- vatlng tho cemetery, which has got Into a very neglected Btato. A social send-off was given at tho residence of Mr.' J. H. Saunders to th,o, retiring Customs officer, Mr. Jrfs. Price! and his family, when a . gold brooch wob presented to Miss Price, In ap preciation of her long services as organist to the Protestant Church. About 50 wore present. At a meeting of citizens a branch league was formed to promoto the interests of tho Patriotic \- Fund,'- and it was resolved to collect subscriptions of one shilling and upwards monthly. BURROWA, Monday. A much respected resident of Burrowa, Mrs. Hughston, aged 70 years, . died at Huglistonia yestorday, and was buried this afternoon at . Lang's Creek cemetery. BOWRAL, Monday. Tho conspiracy case,' tho Crown versus White ' "and Wllshlro, after four days' sitting, has boon adjourned, tills morning back to Sydney. Tho evidence In, defence is closed, and tho easo will probably come to a conclusion on Wcdnosday next I Air. Delohory, S.M., paid a visit to Womhoyan , Oavos ron Friday, returning on Saturday night, on an official Inspection concerning tho case. BATIIURST, Alonday. A special meeting of members of tho School of 'Arts was hold to-night to elect a truBtce in place of the lato Air. B. Webb, AI.L.C. Air. John M'Phlllamy was elected without opposition. COOAIA, Monday. Elgteen tons of copper ore from Rcehmann and Co.'s claim, Lobb'ii Hole, passed through Cooma to bo put on tho train far Dapto for treatment. Colonel Waddell Inspected the Cooma Volun teers on Saturdny. Ten recruits Wero passed Into tho ranks. Tho company proceeded to the rnnge, and entered upon sectional attack formation. CAA1DEN, Alonday. Tho R.C. bazaar, which had boon held for four days, terminated successfully on Saturday night. Over £200 was taken towards tho paying off of tho debt on tho presbytery. COROWA, Alondny. A report was received here to-day that during last night Mr. Thomas Green's store, at Mulwula, was broken into, and a snl'e carried away nnd burst open, about a quarter of a mile from the Btoro. Forty pounds in cash, cheques, amount ing to JIUIO, a gold watch, and various articles of clothing wero stolen. Entrance was gained by '"caking open the front door. As Air. Green lives some yards from tho storo the robbers lind tho full run of tho premises. No cluo lias yot boon discovered as to the pcrpotrators. CROOKWELL, Alonday. A ball In aid of tho town hand was fairly suc cessful oil Friday night. On Saturday last tho collections In aid of tho Goulbiirn Hospital amounted to £9 13s 9d, with roturnH to come in from ono or two other placos. At a meeting of tho directors of the local but ter factories, held hero on Saturday night, Atr. T II Gibson, of Klalla, was elected delcgato to represent the dairying industry of tho district on tho butler council of tho Farmers' Co-oporutlvo Company. COOLAMON. Monday. Haymaking Is now In full awing, nnd tho vivid Will !>> about 10 to 12 cwt. to tho aero. Tho wheat crop, It is catlniated, will go from throe to four bags to the acre. Tho Lnml Board disposed of over CO cases at a stitliigs which terminated on Saturday, GOFF'S HARBOR, Alonday. Whilo tho slenmer Excelsior was loading hard wood logs at Hie Jetty yestorday, that part of tlio Jib In which tho pulley worked gavo way, when tlio log was In a swinging position for loworlng to tho ship, causing tho log to fall on tho ship's, deck, and tho Jib on to tho Jetty. A wharf laborer standing under tho Jib was knocked down, sus taining injuries to Ills buck. DUBBO, Alonday. An epidemic of Influenza is raging in this town. All tho mombors of the land hoard wore attacked In ono week, ono of tho Ihroo (Mr, D. Soano) fatnlly. Tho polieo magistrate Is too 111 to take tho court (o-dny. Tho C. I'.S. Is only just recovering. Atnny business men and artisans aro Incapaci tated, also departmental olllccrs, aldermen, and magistrates. DAPTO, Monday. Tho great change In tho season from that of previous years has put new llfo Into everything, nnd business people anticipate a good time. Houses continue to he erected dally, nnd several new business places are also In the course of ereetton, MHIk suppliers at the conference at Albion Park, hy a unanimous vote, decided upon forming a union, by which it Is considered tho dinicultles hitherto encumbering tho milk trade will bo re moved, and a satlsfaelory basis formed for tho conduct of tho Industry. ' GRAFTON, Alonday. The death wns announced yesterday of Air. John A. Holmsten, landlord and proprietor of A lead ing hotel In Grafton. He had been 111 for somo months. Ho was a resident of tho district of 11 years' standing, and had always been highly esteemed. Ills remains will bo Interred at Rookwood. The annual mooting of the Soutligato Dairy Company was hold on Saturday, when a satisfac tory balance- sheet was adopted, and a dividend at tho rate of 5 per cent, declared. The public servlco inquiry conducted by Judgo Gibson Is still sitting, and will probably last tho greater part of tills week. GRETA, Monday. Saturdny was quite b. gala day, people coming from all parts of the district to attend the public school picnic, which was ono of the largest ever held hore. The promoters were Air. Southwell, head toucher, and AIlssos Barrack, Brlxey, Nay- lor, Alorgan, and Slimnond. The West Alaltland Band attended, nnd rendered selections nt Inter vals. Races nnd various annisemonts were in dulged In, prizes for which wero presented at tho close to each winner hy the Alayor (Alderman B. Pryor). Anniversary services In connection with tho Primitive Methodist Church' were hold yestorday, when tho Rev. Horbcry, from Newcastle, preached three sermons to large congregations. Special music was rendered at each service by tho cliolr. GLEN INNES, Alonday. Tho Bishop of Grafton and Armldale conducted services In Holy Trinity Church yesterday to crowded congregations. GGODOOGA, Alonday. On Friday night Alessrs. Hayes Bros., wool scourers, at tho local artesian bore, tendered tho ox-Technical College students working there for practical experience, a smoke concert at the Tele graph Hotel, where a most onjoyable evening was spent. This firm has had the satisfaction of seeing wool scoured by them realise record prices. On Saturday night at a largo public meeting .the almost-defunct progress association was re suscitated. A strong committee was formed; president, Afr. W. R. Afoorc; vice-president and treasurer, Mr. P. Cohen; secretary. , Air. V. R. Dumas. Alany local requirements wero dis cussed, which will bo dealt with exhaustively at next meeting. GOULBURN; Alonday. The Afinister for Justleo, accompanied by tho Comptroller General of Prisons, paid a Alinls- terial visit of Inspection to Goulburn gaol this morning. This afternoon an unofficial visit was paid to th,o Kenmore Hospital for tho Insane. GUNNEDAH, Alonday. Over a thousand tons of hay were burnt on Gunniblo Station Inst week through slacking be fore being properly dry. Forty acres of wheat wore burnt on Saturday at.' Air. J. Brown's farm through the ashes from a pipe falling Into a bag. The wind fanned a spark Into flames, and the stubble cnught and burnt nearly the whole crop. Afajor-General French, paid a visit to Gunniblo station on Saturday. AIORUYA, Alonday. A youth, named Allban, was washed off the rocks at Mosquito Bay yesterday whilo fishing, nnd was drowned. The body has not yet been recovered. ORANGE, Alonday. The Bishop of Bathurst, Dr. Camidgo, adminis tered the' Sacrament of Confirmation 'to 50 candi dates at tbo Holy Trinity Church. On Sunday tho Bishop preached two impresslvo sermons,' in which he expressed satisfaction at the evidence of improvement In the Ohurcli locally. Last night reforence was made to the Transvaal war, tho Bishop stigmatising tlio Boers as white sav ages. Tho congregations wore vory largo nt both services. Tho Rev. F. Colwell conducted a memorial ser vice in tho Wesloyan Church yesterday in con nection with the death of tho late Airs. F. J. Oatcs. Tho remains of the late Air. George Roweth, son., of Canoblas, wore interred yostorday. De ceased mot his death by being thrown from his horse while riding homo from town on Thursday evening. . A bowling club has boon formed In' Orange with a largo and Influential membership. A por tion of Robertson Park; In the centre of the town has been granted by the Borough Council for the uso of tho club. The following aro the prize-winners of the Volimteor Rifle Club for tho quarter ending Satur- day:— Thomas Hill, J. C. ' Linn, L. Gale, W. E. Linn, R. Waterson, C. Clarke, Thomas Linn, W. Cox, and J. S. "Walker. „ , , PILLIGA, Aronday. On Saturday tho sawmill and timber yard of Afr. Patrick Kelly had a narrow escape from destruc tion by a flro wl\lch broke out In the onglne-room somo hours after the mill had ceased working Fortunately it was observed In time and subdued with very little damage done. Fires subsequently started in other parts of tho mill, but a good watch being kept thoy wero immediately sup pressed. A highly suocossful oonoert in aid of the funds of tho Church of England was held here on Satur day night. The proceeds were about £9. TAMWORTH. Monday. The 4th Reglmont Band, In charge of Mr. W. G. Bentley, A.R.C.M.. conductor, and accompa nied by Lleut.-Col, Ranclaud, officer command ing the 4th Regiment, and Sergeant-Major Da vidson, visited Tamworth on Saturday and Sun day. On the former day an open-air performance was given on the Oval, and a concort was held In' the drill-hall at night, when Miss Dora Ran claud, violinist, and Mr. T. Chandler, baritone, both of Newcastle, were amongst the artists who assisted. A well-attended church parade was held yesterday, the bandsmen, volunteers, and public scbool cadets marching In procession to St. Nicholas' and St. John's Church. Anothor performance was given In Brisbane-street Park yosterday afternoon, when a collection was taken up for the purpose of insuring the lives of the Tamworth volunteers for the Transvaal. About £15 wns realised. WELLINGTON, Monday. Information was received hore at a late hour on Saturday night to the effect 'that Air. Georgo Yoo's residence and contents, together with the post-offico at Terobotla, wore completely de stroyed by a flre on Saturday afternoon at 2 o'clock. Somo of the lnmntes managed to save tho money, postal notes, stomps, etc,, at tho post- office, to tho vnluo of £40. Tho premises were uninsured. Tho origin of tho flre Is not stated. WINDSOR, Alonday. Jnmes Scott died yesterday morning from an attack of typhoid fever in Windsor Hospital. Ho- wns a member of the local Oddfollows' Lodgo, nnd wns burled yestorday nftornoon with, tbo honors of the Order. He was also n member of the 3rd Regiment Band, which preceded the funeral procession playing the Dead Afarch. In nnswer to numerous Inquiries as to the reason so many chickens arid ducklings, fully matured, die In tho shell, the Ilawkcsbury Agri cultural Collego poultry export states that ho bos largely experimented to ascertain tho causo and the remedy without success. Ho is still experimenting, nnd, if successful, tills season will mako known the result ns to tho causo and the best means of prevention. WALGETT, Monday. News arrived to-day that Keellndi Station was burnt on Saturday. Tho homestead, Btoro, and contents wero totally destroyed. Air. J. B. Rundle is tbo owner. The causo of tho llro la unknown. WEST AfAITLAND, Monday. At tho lnqiiost held on tho body of Georgo Whltoloy, who was killed on tlio railway lino Inst night, a verdict of accldontal death was returned. The mcdicnl evldenco showed that do- ceased bad sustained a fracture of tlio pelvis, and tho force of tho blow had thrown lilm for ward on his head clear of tho line, fracturing his skull, WOLLONGONG-, Alonday. Tlio annual flower service of tlio Congrega tional Sabbath school was held In the church yesterday afternoon, thore being a largo attend ance. Tho building was tastefully decorated, and tlio soliolars carried bouquets. An excellent programme of singing and recitations was ren dered by tho children, under the conductorslilp of Air. G. W. Conimcns. superintendent, nnd tho Rev. E. T. Allies delivered an address on flowers. 