WHAT GOD), HAS DONE* FOR " AUSTRALIA. • SERMON BY TIE REV.: 5. I. WATKIN, D.D. Is it.not a remarkable fact=in theihis' tory of the world'that Australia shoudld liave been left for a*i'English speaking people ? Look at its geographical po sition, so near such densely populated countries as India, China and Japan; so accessible from those countries; con nected'witll the Asiatic 'otiinent"fith. a cliainhof--islands, anid yet remaining' unoccupied except by wandering abori gines, until the close of the last cen tury. Again, Australia was not first discovered by British mariners. It is contended by some that it was known to the Spaniards in the fifteenth cen: tury.. It was discovered and named by the Dutch in the sixteenth century. Its old name was New Holland. There are Dutch names all round the West Australian coast. Cape-:Leeuwin was named after a Dutch ship driven out of her course to"Batavia by adverse weather, which sighted that headland. The -earliest name for Tasmania was. Van Dieman's -Land. called after the Dutch governor of Batavia. The Australian' aborigine knew .of the-existence of gold. He is as..keen sighted a man' as the world has ever seen. He dlid not cultivate a square foot of the soil, but was altogether de pendent upon what he could find and catch for his sustenance;: That he -knew of the.existence of gold is proved by'the fact tat :in the aboriginal dia-, lects.the'e were' words for gold." Had the aboriginial-"Australians only the wit' to utilise gold for adornments; as the natives of the West Indies did, and had the early Dutch navigators seen among them 'golden ornaments, 'Aus tralia might have been .New Holland still, or might have been, like Cape Colony, a Dutch before it became a British possession. Look at another fact. Early in the seventeenth century a Spanish expedi tion left a port in America and sailed over the Pacific, seeking the great" south land -which navigators believed' to exist. When the leader fell in with a mountainous land he thought he had found' the object of his search,: and gave it the name of Australia del Es piritu Santo (the Australia of the Holy Ghost). It is now known as' the island of Espiritu Santo.~ His second in . command (Torres), through 'some unexplained cause, separated fromn his commander, and- sailed through the straits' which bear his name, dividing' Australia from .New Guinea. He sighted Cape 'York, Australia's most northerly point, and misteok it for an island. Had he steered his ship a few degrees to the'southward, and sighted the rich tropical vegetation of Eastern Queensland, -'then Australia might have been colonised from Spain, 'and' had as wretched an existence. as' the. Spanish possessions in the West Indies and America. 'But in God's providence the land was left for the British race. It ought not to be forgotten, too, that the whole of the land belongs to: one nation.: Contrast our continent withthe other continents of the' world. Europe and. Asia divided among. many nations; North America possessed' by Britain, the United'States and Mexico; Africa being parcelled out among European nations. 'China is being divided, but in Australia there'is one land owned by. one nation ' There' is nothing like it on anylother continenit.s Contrast ouiir position in this respect with other landsc comparatively near.. In India, which we call part of our empire, the Portu guese still retain Goa, the French Pondicherry, and it is only little; more than half a century ago since the Dane owned Serampore.. The great island to the north- of us, New Guinea, is di vided between' the Germans, .Dutch and: British. But' Australia is one land, and over. every part of it the British claim 'undisputed possession.' That thought is intensified when 'we remember the origin of the name of a bay on the' South Australian coast. Encounter Bay was'so called because the exploring expeditions of Baudin and Flinders met there.. Said one of Baiidin's officers, to 'Flinders, "We should have been here before you if we had not been kept'so long in picking up shells and catching butterflies: in Van Diemen's' Land." .No' disputes about priority of right' t6. Australian territory can disturb the peace be tween the'. British 'and the French, like those which are causing friction between those nations on the.African continent. Consider, further, thie comparatively few difficulties which the settlers have had with :the aboriginal population. The Australian blacks stood 'low in tbhe scale of humaiity. They were not cultivators. The conflicts betieen colonists and them have been few" and unimportant. Contrastour experience in thatrespect with that of colonists in other parts of the empire. What sanguinary wars there have been to the east of us, where the Maori, the dark-skinned Scandinavian of the south, has fought the settler and the soldier; and to suppress the Maori wars has cost thousands of lives and a large expenditure of money. Look at the difficulties there have been in South Africa with Kaffirs, Zulus and Mata beles, and the Boers, the descendants orthe original Dutch colonists. Our national blessings are heightened by. contrast. A land without the bitter winter of the Mother-land \or the Do minion of Canada; without the enerv ating heat of India; without the hur ricanes which sometimes devastate Fiji or Jamaica. A land which does not possess a magnificent river system like North America, but .yet a country fitted to develop a self-reliant people. A land to which there comes seasons of drought, but in which the rainfall in seasons of wet can be easily stored for years of drought. Let that rain fall be but conserved and used for ir rigation, then even in years of drought "the pastures' will be clothed with flocks and the valleys will smile with corn." It is a land in which God has stored the coal, iron, silver, copper and gold. Let Australians but consider the facts referred to in our national history; let them look at the capabilities of the capabilities of the land in which they live, and with the Hebrew psalmist they will sing, "The lines are fallen to us in pleasant places: we have a goodly heritage." "He hath not dealt so with any nation." No nation has com menced its career under such favorable circumstances as we have. True, there was nothing very imposing about that grpup of soldiers, sailors and exiles why sto on January 26, 1788, by the side of the silver stream which ran into Sydney cove and watched the hoisting of the British ensign and lis tened to the proclamation which de clared that New South Wales wsee a. British colony. Yet it was the found ing of a nation. Australia,became a Btitish colony after the battle for olvil and religious liberty had been fought and won in the Mother-land. We who are native-born ought never to forgot how much we owe to the land of Wick liffe and Cromwell, Milton and Shake speare, Pitt and Gladstone, Wellington and Nelson, Knox and Wesley. Shortly before the Children of Tsrael entered the --land of Canaan, Moses told them that they were to. have given them "greist and goodly cities which they builded not, and houses full.of gocd things which they filled not, and wells which they digged not, vineyards and olive trees which tltey- planted- not." tight not those words be quoted :in reference to the political' privileges which the Australian-born enjoy 1 .If we have a. free'p-ess, an ..open Bible, representative political institutions and religious liberty, we are indebted for them to the Purity.ns, the Covenanters, the m?an who died at the stake or per ished at the scaffold for conscience' sake;' the men who fought: against tyrrany on. battlefields like Maraton Moor and the Boyne ,That Australia is altogether unworthy of his name who for a moment forgets his, indebtedness' the martyrs and patriots of the Father Land. .'? . Theso isere our stalwart eforesires,' The brave and heroicsoealed,' ;: Who planted their freedom with their life's blood In the martyr days old. . (TO BE CONCLUDED.) 