MENTAL TELEGRAPHY AND MINDREADING. [By A. MJ cignor Alareouis bnluant achievement in wireless telegraphy baa revived specula tion upon the possibilities underlying the itranze uhenomena of thought. Darticularlv as manifested in the unconscious influence of one mind upon another. Modern science has done much to dUpcl Uie mystery which pervaded this subject, and to encourage what l'rofes.«or TyndaJl ha|»pily called 'The j scientific unl1 of imagination.' The study of the manifestations of the human intel lect has greatly increased in interest and importance in modern times. From the narrower field of psychology— or the 'Study of the Conscious Ego,' as Sir William Ha milton defined it—it has extended to a field of enquiry so wide and so altered that au adequate name can hardly be given to it 'Psycho-physics' more nearly describes it than any other term; bat it is a department of science which requires experimental aud other research into its mysteries rather than the logical refining of philosophers research with that keen scrutiny of science which assumes nothing, nor is awed by mys tic terms end vague meaningless solemnities. The vulgar spint-rappere and ghost-raisera are being replaced by shrewd investigators who, m the dry light of science, examine those phenomena waich have 'confounded the ignorant' and often 'amazed indeed the very faculties of eyes and ears' in lbs wise. An era was marked when Professor Fer rier made his experiments with an ord: narv galvanic batter? upon an exposed brain. Bv ths mere artificial «ppncaaon of the electm current to various parts of the cerebral tissue he produced muscular ac tion, corresponding to the different parts of the erey matter of ths brain operated upon. Indeed, he mapped die whole human brain into centres corresponding with tbe several muscular movements of the body, ?nd to some extent also the sensory cen tres. A touch in one spot produced kick inn out of the lea; m another, derwbtafr the fists; in a third, winking, or dilatation of the eye; and so on. The ancient*, who located tie rM«3ions in various parts of the body —affection in the heart and jealousy m 1 the liver— wonkl be mere thin astonished to find them parcelled out in tiny sections in tno*e few ounces of matter t3»t contain that ormplex thing, tbe mind of man. AH this goes to show merely what an elaborate system of teteqnfihs the human brain aad serves a». The eye perceives an impending dauBer. Intelligence is flatbed to tne brain centre, «nd thence again to the protecting arm. nised instantaneously to ward it off; : and so throueh the whole carment of the organs an.i nerves, tvnot rerner uvi w applying electricity to the brain the ordi nary system tt telegmpiiy does in a Ampler way by tbe ccjmmunicatms wire. _ The two things are analogous in ttieir action. But Marconi's discovery carries us farther, and opens up limitless fields of speculation. If the cieotric current can be transmitted through space, and readh its destination in 1 sympathetic receiver, why not those brain Sadies to which it is allied? Here we have at lcastreached a scientific basis of enquiry, ud a notable advance is made froai the age of a form of speculation, characterized by all sorts of hypotheses, none too extravagant to lie accepted. Uelirf in them was justi fied mostly by the argument that, whereas the phenomena transcend experience, and we know nothing oi tham, tbe hypothesis may be true. This system of wospning we are made fnmiltar with by theologian?, and peculiarly by the dealers in ttie mystoe and miraculous; in imaginative formulas, doc trines, and cults. Stern, unsompromising science will have none oc it The unknown, it declares, must be investigated by means of tbe known, and not otherwise. This is the Kittle-ground of tbe 'Warfare of Science.' To a limited extent and in some form the phenomena of thought transferenceawfami iar to most people. 'Mind-reading' and 'willing' are the simplest manifestations of much the same thing, the effect of which is that one intellect closely concentrated up on an object may influence another and receptive mind in that direction. Given physical contact, there seems little doubt of the nroDOsition as thus baldly stated. Many will remember the rather startnng perfornMBces of Mr. Stuart Cumberland tome vears ago in our own Town Q&IL; The uarvetious rapidity with which independent sf the aid ot any medium he discovered hidden pins, and read the numbers on banknotes concealed in the pockets, and committed to the memories of leading citi zens could not but impress these wivo tw it Of course, he was not singular in the possession of this gift. Many people have it in « greater or less degree, but constant BuUivatxan ©i the faculty had probably conduced lo the degree of perfection to which he had attained. Allied to this form of mind divination is that which adds a touch of mystery in the shape of a real or pretended 'trance' of the performer, un der the influence of which he discovers knowledge hitherto unknown to him. Of such are the mystic headers, 'somnib- quisa,' and 'trance mediums,' who by ''going off' or gazing atf » lock of hair dis cover or pretend to discover diseases. They probably do nothing more than read on uretty accurately the dominant ideas n the minds of Ae latter— a task in many cases hardly calling for any abnormal mental gift. Every one who goes to an unorthodox 'healer,' of course^ thinks that something is the matter with kirn, and often thinks also thai it is sonra thing which the numerous doctors who in the Tanguaae of advertisement ''have given him up' distinctly tell him it is not In view of this it U remarkable how many 'pro- fesaors' succeed in diagnosing exactly what the patients themselves believe their a*i ment-3 to be. It is a subtle form of flattery. One of the best illustrations of what ap pear to be genuine cases of the exercise of thi« fnmiltv of divination is the experience -f Robert Browning with a famous Italian 'seer.' The latter asked Mr. Browning for i trinket with some historic value. The poet carried none: but -by mere chance here were under his coat some old sleeve duds. Gazing at one of thcae, the Italian timost at once said— 'Here is something ivhich cries out 'Murder!' ' and he proceed ed to give much detail of a crime with which the studs were associated; which, says Browning, was perfectly true, as the studs had been long before token from the dead body of a murdered uncle. Here there were at least three possibilities. The 'seer' may have made a marvellous guess, or he may have known something of the history of the trinket— both suppositions highly im probable; or, what is likely, the strong brain of the poet-full of the grim history of the studs— was read off like an open book by virtue of that mysterious faculty to which we cannot yet assign a proper name. Latter-day prophets have arisen to testi fy to similar striking experiences. Mark Twain, among them, tells how he suddenly became possessed with tne idea of touring the world as a lecturer, under the guidance of the 'much-travelled Mr. Smythe,' at the precise moment when the latter had arrived at the same determination; and that they wrote letters to one another in consequence to the same import, and, as we know, with happy results. This, of course, may be merely a coincidence; and it is to be noted that coincidences mostly come v* those on tbe lookout for them, as sporting men see omens and 'dead birds' in Uie happening of every extraneous event But the theory upon which the supposed 'brain waves' arc based is at least under standable, though it can hardly be mathe matically demonstrated. Every action of the bram producss a change of some kind. It may be a chemical one or merely me chanical, but the essential thing is a chAPge. Suoh a variation, whether in the matter or form, may reasonably produce «-vnyft subtle vibration of the imponderable ether which surrounds and permeates all the physical universe, just as sound, light, heat, tnd electricity are ?upposed to vibrate or undulate through space. Nobhing in the material world w lo*t This is the dearest doctrine of science— the indestructibility of matter and force. May not something ana logous be postulated for the movements, nndubttons, vibration* — whoever they be —of thought? There is idocu quite natural m what now seem* strap?*, 11 philosophy could fi'd it out. Philosophy and physical science are, however, more really allied here in the examination of men tal phenomena than chrcwhere, and psycho-physics i* i»« tuat study which trendies noon both, bo as tn be in separable from either. 'The art and prac tisk part of life mw« be the ni»ttv»s « the theonck,' says Shah.'iM?ttre. When they are happily thus wwldtd we may look for ward vrilh some ceruiinty U- funh-.T re *earches of a deeply in:ere-ing character. 