MY GOOD FAIRY COMPLETE IN TWO INSTALMENTS A LONDON EPISODE), by ROBERT BUCHANAN, Author of "God and tho Man," "Stormy Waters," "Tlio Wedding Ring," "Tho Shadow and tho Sword," "Fathor Anthony," &o.; oorrtnanT. CHAPTER II. — Continued.) I sourcely hoard her, for it had suddenly occurred to mo that there might aftor all bo a letter inside, and I had opened tho packet with trorabling fingers, und found, folded in tho manusoipt, u half-sheet of note paper with tho following lithographed memo randum : " Mr. Isaacson presents his compliments to Mr. (hero my name was written in) and begs to return him tho enclosed manuscript, which ho is unable to accept for produc tion." With another hollow laugh I threw tho paper on tho table. Then I said loftily : "I sent it to tho mauugor, never thinking for a moment that it would bo of any uso to him. Ho has sent it back quite politely, that's all." . "Who?" "Why, Mr. Isaacson— your manager. I don't suppose lio has read it." " You may bet 20 to 1 on that," returned my neighbour. "He never reads anything pxoept the sporting papers." "Oh, he's that sort of muu, is ho ?" I said, carelessly. "Yes," sho answered, nodding emphati cally; " and a beast into tbo bargain !" without envitig to ask her how sho came to that conolu-ion, I thought it advisable to change tho subjeot. " Aud how are you getting ou ?" I asked. "I hear you've innrlo quite a hit this time!" "Oh yes," she replied, " and I'm to huvo a really good part in tho extravaganza at Christmas — a good speaking part, and double salary. Why haven't you been to soo me iu the now piece ?" I explained that I had been so terribly busy— had my hands so full of work, &c.;, but I would como all iu good tinio, and I was very glad she had been so successful. As I spoke her clear bright eyes watched me attentively and somewhat sadly. Presently she said : " Only, last night I heard Isaacson saying ho'd givo his head for a new comedy. The presonfc ono won't go long, it's too slow. I supposo yours is clover?" I smiled, thinking in my heart that it was very clever; but I explained with dignity that I had other views for it, and that I was in communication respecting it in another quarter. Presently sho stopped me, placing her littlo hand 011 my arm. "You're working too hard," alio said. "You look awfully seedy." " Oh, I'm all right," I responded. "Very likoly I shall go out of town at Christmas for a holiday. What's your new part to bo ?" Sho brightened and smiled. " Oh, a fairy— with a song and danco ! Old Phillips says I shall knock thorn this timo !" "Who's old Phillips?" " Oh, a friend of mine who writes in tho papers. Ho advises Isaacson, ho does. Isaacson couldn't get along without liiin." My oyes opened. Could sho possibly be alluding to Phillips, tho great dramatic author and critic, who did the fcheutrical reviews for tlio most influential newspaper of tlie metropolis? I asked her tho question, and sho nodded. " That's hiiu, " she replied with ungram- matical emphasis. " He'a a good old sort and takes quite an interest in us girls. You ought to have sent your play to him; I'd have mado him read it I" My amazement deepened. To think of Phillips — the great Phillips — before whom both mutittgoM and public trembled, being on terms of intimacy with a promoted extra lady ! But of course I took the statement with a graiu of salt: not believing for a moment that it had any foundation in fact. "Well, goodbye," said Funny, with her usual abruptness. "I must get ready to go to the theatre. Don't work so hard, and mind you come and see mo in tho new piece as soon as possible !" So saying slo disappeared, leaving me divided between shame and despair. Despair predominated, for it seomcd that I had now played my, last card, and unless a miracle happened, thoro was nothing before mo but starvation. A week passed by, and my condition grow darker and darker. With only just enouirh to buy a littlo bread, I crawled on from day to day. Too proud to bog or to rovoal to anyone my real condition, I would creep out at night, and walk for hours in the dismal snow- ulad streets, wondering what was to become of me, looking sometimes down into tho depths of tho black river and wishing I had the courage to seek a last refuge there. I saw nothiug of my neighbour, indeed, I carefully avoided lier, feeling that I could not have endured her pity. At last— it was the night before Christmas Evo— I stood 011 Waterloo bridge, having paid my last halfpenny for toll to cross. The snow was falliug and it was bitterly oold. My great, coat had gone long ere that, aud all iho provious day I had only lmd a mouthful of food. I think I must huvo grown lightheaded ; for tho fights of London seemed dancing wildl' round me, and tho living shapes that passed 1110 seemed like ghosts iu a dream. Finally, as midnight struck, I let myself into the house whero I lived, mid crept, lialf- faintiug, up the stairs. Ah I approached the lauding below mine, I heard the sound of singing and piano playing, mingled with merry laughtor ; then a shulllo of foot as if somo ono was dancing, and a clapping of hands. I clutched at Urn bannister, aud the whole lauding seemed to rook beneath ino ; then, suddenly, I staggered, clutching at tho door, and fell forward into empty spncc. Tho lust tiling I remember was the opening of a door, the sudden flushing of lights, urnl then strange forma bending over ino, while a voice that X seemed to know cried, very far off it seemed, aud in a sort of misty dream, "Why, it's Curly!" CHAPTER III. W K EN I again recovered conscious ness ami it. scorned that I had been tossing about for ages in a sort of troubled dream — I \- — was lying undressed iu bed. It was broad duy, and lookiug wearily round I recognised tho faded furni- fcuro of my own room, but a bright ftro was burning in tho grate and the place looked quite; comfortable and tidy. The air was full of a faint musio like the chime of church bells, and beyond tlie frosted window, largo flakes of snow wero fulling. Wlmt had happened P How hod I como there? I tried to thinlr, but remembered littlo or nothing. All at onoo my attention was attracted by a movement near tho firoplace, and looking that way, I saw to my amazement a man of about sixty years of age, long-haired, loug- beavded, seated in an urtnohufr, spectacles on nose, reading. What amazed mo still moro was that ho hold in his baud a book that looked liko manuscript, which ho was attentively pernsing. Now, ho frowned, again ho smiled, very grimly, but. suddenly ho looked up, and his eyes mot mine. " Hullo !" ho said, nodding. "Hullo!" I repeated faintly, whilo the room seemed to swim round mo. When I looked up again the strange man was standing by the bedside, aud blinking down at mo through liis speotacles. " Better now?" ho asked, placing his hand on hiy forehead with another grim smilo. His voice was gruff and deep, but not unkindly. I tried to answer hiin, but again tho room swum round mo. Tlio noxt thing I remember is that the strnngo limn wus supporting mo and moistening my lips with a littlo weak spirits und water. Then placing mo gently back 011 tho pillow, he wont to tho fireplace, and returned with a oup of something warm. "Drink this!" he said, supporting me as bofore. "No nonsenso! You've got to drink it, and whon that's donrj you'll bar# some more." It was a Boup of some sort, 'and I drank it eagerly; for I felt vory faint.,' All the timo I was wondering what was 'two mutter, and who my extraordinary visitor, ctpuld be. " Aro you a dootor ?" I aslceul presontty Tlio /itrango man grinned and\noddod. \- "Yes'! Dootor Christmas-! (Dome to make you woll ; come to feed you up vHth soap and chicken broth. Capital medioin<f, oh?" " Have I been ill?" was my nioxt question " Rather, but you'll soon be all right nowj won't you?" ; "I hear bolls ringing." I " Of course, you do. It's Christmas Day# Now lio down and have anothor sleep!" I supposed I did as ho cornnianded. On rcuwnkoning I became awura of him again, He had gone back to his nrmtchair, aud wus again reading tho manuscript. Wonder ol wondors! It looked like my manuscript 1 This time ho seemed quito angiry and excited, and I heard him' muttering to himself/ But now thcro cumo tho sound of a rustling dress, und I saw, still to my woffder, iny littlo neighbour standing in tho room, dressed quito quiotly in u dark stuff £own, with a white collar and waistbands. T thought she nover looked so pretty.' ' " How is ho now ?" she was- saying vorv softly. \ J "Coming round all right," Answered tho strange- man, just glancing up from tho manuscript, then,, after a moment, ho put down tlio manuscript, and uttered what I must admit was an imprecation. ' " Hush ! What's the matter P" oried my friend. The reply seemed irrelevant. "Isaacson's a ass! Didn't you toll mo tho youngster had sent him this to road?" "Of courso, I did. Hush, Joe, ho'e listening." \ I was listening, in increased amuzouient. Who was. tho surly stranger whom -ray neighbour addressed so familiarly as " Joo" ? If he was a doctor, what was lie doing with my manuscript, and why did ho socm so angry ? But now Fanny was bending ovor mo, and her littlo soft baud was placed gently ou my brow. As I looked up at her and tried to answer her kindly smile, my eyes filled with tears, and I turned my face on the pillow, sobbing like a child. A day or so later, tho mystery was CX'| plained. Ou the night beforo Christmas Eve Fanny found mo lying insensible on tho land ing outside her rooiu. Sho had company that evening— two girl friends from tho theatre, with their husbands, small actors ; and with, their assistance slie liad carried mo to bed. whilo a doctor was sent for. The secret of my condition was soon discovered. I whs practically starving, and my privations had brought on a feverish attack, which needed caroful watching. " Poor follow !" fluid Fanny, after she hud explained everything. " "Why didn't you tell mo yon wero so hard up?" As sho spoke my old shame came over me, and I turned away to avoid her eyes. "Never mind," she oried presently. " Father Christmas will look after you, and I'm going to bo your Good Fairy !" " Who ie Father Christmas?" I inquired. "Tho doctor ?" She laughed, " Yes, and a stunning doctor, too, as you'll soon find out !" " Why do you cull him Joe ?" n,?n?0Cill,se0'8 Joe, you silly hoy! Joo Phillips that I told you about, who writes for tho papers." Phillips tlio critic ! Phillips tho Rhadu- man thus of tho Press ! It seemed too im probable, too impossible ! The great man had been there, In my room, and had notunlly looked after mo and wanned iny soim while Fanny was away at the theatre ! Then lie had vanished, and so far as I knew had not returned. "But what was he doing with my manu script?" I cried, presently. "Why, silly, I gavo it hiifr'to read !" , P00/' heart sank withiu me, for I knew the severity of tho great man's judgments, uud remembered how angry ho had looked, from time to time, during tho perusal. "Oh! why did you do that ?" I moaned feebly I didu't want anyone to read it — I— Again sho bent over mo and smoothed tho hair of my forehead." " Nover mind," she whispered softly, "Joo says that Isaacson is a fool, and that you'vo written a masterpiece, and that it has got to bo produced, and that if Isaacson doesn't do it, someone also will!" Then she leant down and lrissed my brow, and I felt — or was I still dreaming?— a tear falling ou my check.. CHAPTER IV. SO you see I had boon right, after all, to believe in Fairyland ! My Good Fairy laid waved her wand, and all tho world was .changed for me. A. week after that I was sitting up in my room, happier than I had been for many u year, und before ine, resplendent in fashion able olothcK and jewellery, sat Isaacson tho manager, actually discussing tho terms on which he should produce my comedy ! I fancy I should have made a very bad bargain, for the manager, with Hebraic keenness, took in tho situation at a glume, and had jus(. offered to buy tliopieeo outright for fifty pounds (remember, reader, that tho palmy days of authorship had not yet arrived), when Father Christmas interposed again aud. my Good Fairy bucked him up. " Don't, take it !" a:ud tho critic, gruffly, "I can get you very different terms at tho Haymarkct," " I should think so ! " cried Fanny. The mauugor scowled at tho critio, but bin eyes rested moro tenderly, I thought, on Fanny, as ho returned ovasivoly 41 Of course, if the piece is as good us you cay— and I don't doubt it " " You'd better not," cried Phillips. " Comei I'll tell you what wo'll accept. A hundred down, and two guineas a night ; sumo terms in tho provinces." Tho manager gasped, while I myself almost fainted at the speaker's audacity. " But I don't give more than that to Tom Taylor!" " Tom Taylor be hanged ! I tell you this is tho very piece you'vo boon looking for, and if you don't want to have it " "Tolleo what I'll do," cried Isaacson, " I'll give tho terms on ono condition— that Miss CoHtello accepts the two years' engage ment I offered her, on the terms I named." I lookcd uguiu eagerly at my Fairy, who frowned and turned her face away ; thou hop eyes met mine, fixed appealingly on hers, und she gave u littlo laugh. Isaacson rose. "That'll what I'll do. You can talk it. over aud let ine know what you deoido." Ho evidently meant wliut he said, und moved towards tlio door. Phillips looked annoyed, and I gathered at onee that ho had boon bluffing on my account. All at ono<7> Fanny uxcJniincd : " All right, I'm agreeable." Whereupon Isaaoion withdrew in tho best of spirits, after arranging to send mo a chcquo and copy of agreement without dolay. Woll, my tulo is almost ended. My play was produced, and from, that time forwurd I was a inoro or less successful author. Funny played in tho piece, and played very well indeed, all things considered ; but by this timo sho had grown a big publio favourite, certain to nitrnot in any part she undertook. A few years later, she — but that, as the phrase goes, is another story. I was woll to do, and doing batter evory day, and sho, a famous not raw, was driving about in her own broughuin. Our friendship continued, for I nover ceased to bless tho kind friend who had first led mo on to fortune. I am worry to disappoint tho reader who may have fancied all along tbat our little friendship was to end in matrimony, No ; pretty usFuimy was, and winsome and charm ing, sho novor oxpected mo to make lovo to her. Onuo indeed, when I wus ulmost on the vorgo of asking hor to marry mo, sho looked quite pained and I flaw hor eyes grow dim. 44 Don't talk uoiiHenao," suo said. 44 You mustn't think of mo like that, but only asyout Good Fairy !" And that is ono among mauy reasons why, when silly pooplo talk nonsenso about tho wickeduess of tho stage, und say unkind tluuga of tho people iu Fairyland, I always got vory uugry ; for tho face of Fanny rise up beforo mo, and I remember what my Good Fairy did for 1110 in the early sixtios, thk end. 