Short Story. A Case of Conscience. There were perhaps a. score of people in the drawing-room of Westlioluie Towers. The assemblage Included, among others, young Hadson; of the Guards, for whom I had conceived a vast partiality ; Wallace Lewln, known to me years ago, when he was consul at Jaffa ; Mr. Can nan, uie .owner or tne demesne adjoin ing my cousin Tom's ; and Mr. Caiman's , winsome daughter, Dorothy. Miss Caiman sat at the piano, while ' Tom, under pretext of turning over her J music, stood close beside her, all plea- ' santry and courtesy. 1 Tom— tall and well-built— showed at his best that evening— I noted it with ' gall in my heart ; and his jovial face ( was abeam with smiles. ( His diligent attendance on Dorjthy J Caiman had been decidedly more pro nouueed of late, lending colour to the j rumour then current to the effect that he and she were to make a match of it. . From my seat in the embrasure of the | window, with bitterness and envy rank- j ling in my breast, I watehed-thcni. Strive as I might— and 1 detested myself , for harbouring the abject fancy — I could j not help thinking of the consequences j their union would entail upon me and my expectations. ' His life .only is between me and j eight thousand a year,' I soliloquised fretfully. ' If he marries— faugh ! ( there's an end of my prospects. Not , only thai, his marriage will rob me of , her whom I love as my life— more than my honour. Lose Dorothy ! I cannot , bear to think of it.' _ j My nerves were strained to their ut-' . most tension that night. I felt im- ', wontedly irritable and revengeful as I j pictured the misery which the near ] future had in store for me. i And while 1 brooded thus darkly, I seemed to bear a voice— the Evil One's, , surely— ever and anon whisper encourug- , iugly into my ear. ' Only his'llfe— only his life !' - Thankful enough was 1 when Lieu- ' tenant Itndson and Mr. Lewin, crossing tne Door, broke in upon my churlish . ivverie. , ' What, moping alone ?' cried the lieu- 1 tenant, cheerily. ' This will never do ! 0 Clic-er up, okl chap. You seem out of , sorts to-day.'' ? . j ' Yes,'', said I, wiping my brow. ' ~Sly in ad feels bad— it's the hot room, I think.' ' i '? Well, come out 'with us into the library,' young Radsoh went on. 'Slay, i though ! Lewin has just told me that , you possess a museum of your own — ] ihat is, a collection of bric- a-brac, silver ; ornaments and gew-gaws that- you ] lirought with you from the East. What do you say to' displaying them to us both ? I should greatly relish seeing them.' - Upstairs we went to my dressing- j room— which adjoined my bedroom— , ??whore stood the oblong inarqueterle , table on which the articles were ranged. They consisted of various silver knick- , knacks of Indian filagree-work which I had picked up in Bombay a year before, ? rwlth other bizarre samples of Oriental , workmanship which had chanced to take my fancy. ' ' ; ' Very interesting,' said young Had- : sou, stifling a yawn, in the midst of my panegyrics. 'Shall we go downstairs : again V I hear Tom singing.' i , ' Half-a- moment,' I interposed. 'You ? haven't examined this yet.' . j So saying, I picked up what I vainly; 1 'imagined to be the gem of my odd col- ; lection— an elaborately carved ivory sheath, in which reposed a no less artis- ; tic Malay kriss. The steel of the razor-edged weapon : was fantastically inlaid with silver,. and it possessed some sort of historic value in having once been owned by the noto- - .rioub dacoit, Lai Mangas. The sheath i T handed to the lieutenant, while Lewm stretched out his baud for the keen, ? curved blade. . . ' Very pretty, indeed,' commented : Hudson. 'Worth something, that, I ? ^Meanwhile, Lewin ran his linger along the edge of the krlss, a subtle smile upon ; 'Then° as if seized with a sudden:, thought, he struck a ? tragic -attitude, , :? lifting the knife high above his head. ; ' Ha, ha !' ho cried, aping the ortho dox transpontine villain. 'It's liis lite , or mine! Shall I strike ? Hu, lift.!' ,. Radson laughed hugely at; the. ex-, consul's ludicrous posture, .a ;laugh. In- .. which Lowin himself presently joined. , Then the kriss was once. move., placed snugly in its sheath, and we returned to the drawing-room. ' , , By this time my cousin had dragged himself from Dorothy's side, being now seated in close converse witli her lather. Thenceforward, to my mind, try, as I might to win her attention, she appeared woefully reticent. Several limes I caught her eyes ronm ? ing in Tom's direction, and the soul of me waxed wroth at the inference I could not avoid drawing. And at one time I thought she cared for me— thought she knew I cared for her. At that moment the voice smote my ears again with its insinuating homo thrust— '? Only his life-only his life !' When the hour arrived for Mr. Caiman and his daughter to start for home, I escorted Dorothy to the carriage, Tom following at some little distance behind with her father. The pressure of hor soft palm still'lingered in my hand when I went up to my room for the night. Once again, like muttered thunder in my ears, there rose -the reiterated phrase— ' Only his life— his life !' II. After a wild tossing about on my bed. harassed and foverisli, at length I dozed Was it a dream I dreamed then— a horrible, torturing nightmare ? With . all the strength that is in me, I pray tlmt such a dream may never again fall to my lot. In the dead of night, I thought that an invisible, Irresistible energy clutched hold of me, impelling me. helpless against its 'mandates, to deeds' full of darknps'5!. ingratitude, and treachery:1''''' Tn obedience to its,behestR.'T dreamed that I rose from' my hod, stole furtively into -my 'dressing-room, and there took the ugly krlss from its scabbard ; T dis tinctly vpcollpct that I chuckled ? softly : —oh, the horror of it !— ns T saw -the glint of the steel in the moonlight. I Then. I knew not how.' I found myseU gliding cautiously into my cousin's room, ncross the thick carpet to the side of his bod. A swift, strong blow, deep'. Into his heart, and It was done ! \ cry — hoarse p.nd appalling— broke the stillness of the n'ght. and this it was, I suppose, that wakened me. * | I sat up in bed shuddering. Merciful powers ! it was no dream ! The long drawn wail of mortal agony still rang upon the air. It came from the adjoin ing room— that of my cousin Tom. A cold sweat pouring out all over me, I blindly crept into my dressing-room and struck a light. Yes, It was no dream. The deadly kriss, lying bare mid bloodstained on the little table con victed me. As I snatched it up again, to gaze aghast at its gory edge, the mufiled ijroan once more struck upon my ears. Still retaining the weapon in my grasp, I darted out into the corridor. I saw the flicker of half-a-dozen caudles, as, roused by the outcries, the inmates of the house hurried, panic stricken, to the spot. With the ap pearance of the lights, Tom raised him self upon iiis elbow, stretched his arm towards me as if in denunciation, and [hen fell back— dead ! I have a dim vision of puled, awed, faces around mo, looking sit me lialf ?oiiipassionutoly, hiilf-louthingly ; I saw Hie fearful gasli in Tom's breast, from which tlie blood still trickled ; above all, like a scar in my memory, I recall the red-tinged kriss around which my ingers tightened convulsively. When tlie police came I gazed at them ilaukly, unable to realise tlie import of [heir queries. I replied to them, at lazard, incoherently — ' His fife !' I murmured, disjointedly. ' I was in a dream. Somnambulism ! [ don't understand. A crime — who says t was a crime ?' The police inspector shook his head pityingly, and turned to speak to young Hudson. ' Yes, yes,' said the lieutenant, with jvident reluctance. ' It sounds like a confession. He'll go quietly, I've no loubt. I'll accompany you, too.' So they led me, dazed and impassive, iwuy. In a vague kind of fashion I lenew that I. was being taken to prison, .mil. I managed somewhat to rally my scattered faculties. There was no use in concealing tlie unconscious part I iiad played in this grim tragedy, and I .inburdoned my mind frankly. ' It's a terrible business,' said Hudson, n'hen I had linished. ' No, I don't blame ron exactly. In that half-sleeping, half ivaking state, you were hardly respon sible for your actions. But it's a terrible —terrible business !' He need not have told me that, for when I was left alone the vivid recog nition of my guilt was more than I could bear;' The many instances in which I was indebted to my cousin came to up braid me with .tlie baseness of my in gratitude in ever countenancing an ill wish towards him. And in what way would his death benefit me now ! I could;- never bo- rich -with bis wealth, nor possessed of bis lands ; Dorothy, too, would execrate my name, and hold my memory in deserved abhorence. Nothing remained for me but tlie ghastly farce of trial and conviction ; beyond loomed the gaunt, forbidding gallows. A /man left alone with such thoughts is mine tastes an earnest of death. The leaden hours passed, slowly by, and al though I could not have been inside the ?aol over live hours, it seemed as many weeks to me before Lieutenant Radson returned. 'Phew !' he said, eyeing me intently. 'You seem the ghost, of yourself. You: ought not toVglve way like this.'' ''' ' Ought not ?'I echoed, bitterly. ' Do you expect me to laugh and dance under my sin.?':' ??'?:?'. . .:. ;- ' . ''.. 'Come, cornel it's not: so bad as all that,'- he added quickly. '' I've a ques tion oi- two 'to ask -you. In the first phice, why ; cltd' yon pitch me that tale about a gruesome dreahi;?' ; ; ;-, '.;.; '?::.' ... ; ';3Vhut-;'d6 you' mean ?' I -cried .ex citedly:^;.:}'.- o- ' ;; ,:: - .';'?;? :'..'.J-'-.'':.-':- ^Wlry'this^-ithntoyou no more killed ypur.cou'sin'-:^ , 'What ! ils Toni not dead ?' ?:'-'^IJnfOTt{inately,:-yes/::''Buty.ouvhaa'.n6 liatid.tfitf-:causing^his;vdeath: -The real murderer- has .been; found— wandering half-jclttd^and ^rayingf mad,^upon the inOOl'.'vJv.-.'-'.-- f;:-.;-;;i;'.---.V':'-';..;'-'.: :- ?'??'. i-V - ; -' \- ;'The. real ;: murderer !' I repented vacniitly^v.S; ':-'^:'''\ y::- ?;.?: :?;;:;.?::'??? ''. V 'Have no fear ; he is in'; safe keeping adSv: He must;hiive let:-litinself out of the - house- immediately ' after the deed \vns done, 'still retaining,, in spite of his undoubted insanity,' a lurking notion of the- necessity 'of night. ; Of course, as soon us we missed him, the hue-und-cry was raised, with the result that he was discovered on 'the moor, as I have said, chattering to himself and chuckling over Ills atrocity. He particularly gloats over his- frenzied cunning: in having: secretly filched the Malay kriss from your room, and :in' 'replacing it without disturbing you, after he had put it to the vile pur poses conceived. by his crazed brain. Certainly, the: poor fellow is not rue countable for. his. actions, yet his people are greatly, to. blame— —'; ;? :'' .': -;;,i : .;;.'.'. 'But,' I interposed .hastily, :yybu have not told me who this: niadmdu* Is.' i: ' ' Why,1 it's the. iriau you knew .'away in Juffa— Wallace.- Lewin. His friends were at once communicated with, and a In-other of his reached Westholme an hour ago. From him I learned that Lewiu has of late been somewhat erratic in his behaviour, tlie outcome, no doubt, of the sunstroke he ' sustained a few months back in the Levant. Ever since then he has been .subject ' to , periodic fits of melancholia, but nothing serious was thought of theni ; certainly, nobody imagined that they would culminate, as they have done, in: a seizure;'of homi cidal mania. .What impelled him to vent his delirious spleen upon your cousin, rather than upon any one else, I can't understand, unless, indeed, it was for the reason I huve already mentioned— the apparent ease with which tlie -mur- der could be fathered upon you. That, too, seems to be Mr. .''Caiman's, theory.' ' Ah;! Has Mr. : Canhan;: been . to: the Towers?'1 ?? '.?.'? ??'?' '.??: '.'-?.???? :: ?-/? -.?:--^;-^^:^:'- ' He came directly he heard of .Tom's death. By the why,, we were; all': ut fault witliregard to Tom and. Mr. Can nan's' daughter. I hud a long, talk with the old man, and,, from' \yliat; he said, I conjecture that Tom was endeavouring to smooth the' path for you. 'Aware that her ?father would; probably dlscpunte uance any '.?engagement between you and his child, because of your ^unsatisfac tory positionflnancially, Tom— the mag nanimous fellow— even hinted at settling a substantial annuity upon you,, on con dition thaOIr.v Ounuari: withdrew all obstacles. Thrit expedient will; now r no longer .be needed ; 'equally, of ., course, Miss Canuan' knew nothing of these pending negotiations.' : ,; ' And' she.?' ; I murmured. - ' Have .you seen'orheard anything, of her ?' ' ' Only that she is in a state of anxiety and indignation on account of your arrest, nigh bordering; on distraction. Her father- has gone to see about get ting: you out of this infernal hole, and if I-mlght advise you, I would suggest that you drive straight to, his house, and set her at i-est.: : Hurk,' ndded he, us foot steps, drew neur the cell, door, 'here comes Mr. Cannaii to carry you off.'— | 'Weekly Sun.' 