Mines and Mining. vBy B. R Bayuer, A.JTI.ME , Assayer and Analyist] Something in the nature of a "slump" has already set in in mining in King William St., Adelaide. Worturpa and Wilgena, upon which the sharebrokers and others had built rather high expectations, have been, so far, a (Treat disappointment to them. Some of the public who went with a rush for Wilgena syndicate shares at a fairly high figure can't make their books balance, and not a few rather elongated faces have been noticeable. Some who invested in Worturpa syndicate business feel that they are in the same plight. This is a great pity, but there is no escape from 'fate. We badly enough want a fillip to prosperity, and mining appears to be our only hope. Ye disaster Bets in almost as soon as an attempt is made to gain the long-desired goal. WeU, one must be candid. We have ourselves to blame. Rashness is a risky route to prosperity and, though occasionally it leads to large and easily-gotten fortunes, it oftener leads to ruin, and if that is escaped ninety-five per cent, of the cases end in bitter disappointment. Tfor prosperity to follow mining enterprise,. •teady, plodding, determined development mast take place in the mine, and not so much attention paid to the share-market, where everything is fashioned for the benefit of the brokers and their friends. Of course, it is a great temptation to speculate when one sees others making large sums during a boom time, and it is easier to moralise than resist temptation. I know this from the experience of not very long ago, A friend made some £250 in a week in buying and selling shares. expected to do likewise and eagerly snatched up a large parcel. From that moment the price of those shares began to settle, and ae they got lower they fell faster. When I stood to lose 75 per cent, of my money, I sold. A week later they Btarted to rise slowly, and if I had kept them till this morning, I could have sold at 25 per cent, irofit. Oh, well! Someone else has benefitted. I see some one has boon drawing attention to manganese, of which there are considerable quantities of good and high percentage ore in different parts of the colony. I don't know that a manganese boom ia advisable, bnt it is possible that money may be made out of a steady output of a good grade ore Probably it would have to be shipped to England or the Continent. I can't call to mind a local buyer. A few years ago X believe quantities used to be sent away from Port Augusta. An old and valued reader of the "Mercury' writing to me one day last week, expressed the opinion that owners of mining " shows " are under a delusion when they think that they save money by breaking out a ton or two of stuff and sending it to the smelters as a trial, rather than having the lode or reef properly sampled and assayed before. Of course, from a purely professional aspect of affairs, I should say that the opinion is an exceedingly wise and correct one. But an instance which is now tinder my notice—I am watohing the course of events—very forcibly bears out what he has said. Certain men are now breaking "out a ton or two as a trial Darcel for the smelting works. It is being lastily hand picked certainly, and the olay is ia being washed away, otherwise the stuff is being bagged as raised for transit by rail to Ft. Adelaide. The miners, though experienced, haven't a ghost of an idea of the value of the ore because of its unusually peculiar complexity. But because they would have to pay down perhaps a half guinea for an assay at this end, and learn their fate at once, they prefer to send away and pay for treatment for an ore that will leave nothing after all expenses have been met. If I remember rightly I touched upon a similar question to this a few weeks back, but the opinion of m correspondent seems an opportunity of forcibly drawing attention, to the penny-wise and pound foolish policy adopted by some who are straggling to make mining a success. - A sample iB misleading only when it is made so. A fair sample, correctly assayed, will give the fair value of the ore, and that known there is no difficulty in arriving at a conclusion as to the profit or loss likely to result from th treatment of a larger quantity. Mining is still actively going on in various parts of the north and north-east, and encouraging reports are frequently received. On the Peninsula considerable activity is being Bhown, and in the Mount Barker district operations are being carried on energetically. All this must eventually have a great effect on the condition of the colony, but it is nothing to what it might be with more energy put into it. 