A Test Match. i By Ada Raymond. ! Ever since the arrivuk-'Gf the English Eleven Madge Ltiiiox had shown symp toms of cricket fever, mid-it soon became evident that she had the complaint vc-y badly. She had always been.fond of the game, and had tuken special interest in intercolonial matches ever since sho could remember ; but in tliu great series of contests her enthusiasm led her to an ex'reme admiration, and. her friends voted her cricket mail. .Vladge was quite in different to criticism, and only asked to be allowed to watch the play in peace. So on every possible occasion she dragged tho self-sacrificing relative who ac'ed as chaperon to Iter, as a motherless girl, out to the Sydney Association Ground. A pretty girl has plenty of admirers ; ' so when it became known that she was , almost sure to be found in the ladies' reserve, some of her friends, particularly men who cart d more for a smile from her. than brilliant cricket, went, to t lie ground as sann as tliey could loave their- -olB;es. Not that tliey could always get near her, but sometimes they did, and 'theiBight of her blue eyes, dancing", with; enjoyment, her flushed ch- eks, tliesuiiles which would curve her lips when some lucky . batsman node a good stroke, would . scud the infatuated man off his head, for the mo ment, and cause him to murmur something not quite, apropos of cricket. An im patient frown would chase away the smiles, and a decided snub quickly reduce the misguided admirer to misery for the time being. Madge, with, nil her beauty, was no,t a flirt. She liked men, and enjoyed their companionship -las long as it was based on sensible grounds. But . site despised empty compliments, meaningless Bighs. and love- sick looks. ' Rang it all,' grumbled one youth to a friend, "I really don't believe Madge Lennox has a heart." "As if a girl with eyes like hers coultf be , heartless," said another, : who, though engaged, was not blind, to ihe charms of pretty gitls. "Miss Lennox's affections may be centred in crickeL.-at present, but tliey can't stay there for ever,-: and some one will win ihe fair iivdy,,. yet ; not you, though, Brown." Tliey were very tiresome ..lovers ; none of thein seemed to-understand that unwel-. come attention could only liinder their ohiinces of success. One of the few who did not worry Madge was Pierce' Dixon, a quiet, reserved man, with a thin, clever- looking faoe. He was the son of her fa tier's oldest friend, and visited the / Lennox family very often, for his father / being a squatter away in the far . north, the -young man had no home in Sydney. Dixon was an electrical engineer,, .and / finding himself suffering front 'overwork, ; : was,; on the advice of his doctor, enjoying V rest-. In his schooldays ..he had been a pretty fair cricketer, ..-but on applying / himself to study lie found that, .beyond an ; - ' occasional g line with . indifferent, players, he .really . had no tiniejjor- ..his favourite. ; sporti Luckily tiie;,. ctickst gala filled |';itself in.with his for'cedjeisure, and'Pierce V became as couslant aii atteiidaut as Miss. . - Lennox, and wns generally to be found in the coinpnuy.of that lady, and her chaperon. -S; MadgA received him at Oaklea as a friend of her father's, and at. his request had , made him free of the house,, but b -yond that had not taken further uotice of him than was necessary in her position ns hostess. Discovering in him a kindred spirit, as far a3 cricket was concerned, she was always pleased to see him beside her in the stand. He did not talk like the others, or draw iter attention' away; just as something interesting/was happen-' ing in the field, and he wns always ready to supply the inforinalion she wanted." He knew the capabilities/ -.of each batsman, and. the peculiarities of the bowlers. He" never made a mistake, abpuc the score.' Pierce was quite linppy, .and perfectly contented with his position. Of course, ho was deeply in love, with Madge. ..Though- he knew .his love, was - not re- : turned, still it was as evident to him thai she cared for no one else. Pierce Dixon liucl quite decided that Madge should be iris wife. But lie was r.ot going to worrv her and spoil her enjoyment of tlie game and his own chances of success at .the same time. . Madge, seeing site; did not bore him with her raptures, gradually grew less reserved towards him. To, him she con fided Iter fear: of the. unsei tied weather, her- distress at the condition of the wet wicket. At the first test match, when the little Sydney mnn made his famous score of 201, it was to Pierce. she turned in her excitement; nndforgntl,ing that lie was not beside her, '.Wet'., Brown's" love-sick glance. Impatiently ' she . leant forward, until she met the dark eyes; as full of / delight as her own../ '-Isn't lie a splendid fellow .p'-ovd Pierce, clapping still. ? - '. 'Grand. I'm quite in love with him.' Miss Warden looked horrified. Brown looked disgusted, nnd Dixon smiled, I wish I were a man,' broke- oat Mad ;b. , My dear,' said her mint, primly, ' to 1 but ' 'Oh, 1 know, auntie ; I've heard it before. ' To wish to be a man is to acknow- ledge one's failure as a woman.' It is the first time I have- ever wished such a Ihing, but I'll admit the failure as far as . - it goes, for in whatever else a woman may succeed, she'll never make a cricketer.' ' Do you think it frivolous of my niece to think so 111 uelt of a mere game, Mr. Dixon?' asked Miss Warden. ' ; Dixon changed slightly his position that lie might get a better view of Madge liefore- answering. To him there was. soinetli'iig particularly attractive about the 'dainty figure in the white linen coat and skirt, the spotless shirt, with pale blue tie, and the neat little sailor hat, where the Australian colours were repre sented in the hat-tund. In his eyes the girlish enthusiasm -/displayed by Madge was so enchanting that he wondered how anyon oould find Jault with her. But his reply to Miss Warden was uttered in his usual deliberate tones. ' It is hardly fair to ask me such a ques tion, as I am also a bit of an enthusiast; ! but I would much rather see a girl take a keen interest in a healthy game like cricket than listen to the raptures of some young ladies about balls -and their partners at dances; yet that is considered quite the correct thing.' ' I suppose so, but Madge has always struck me as being so sensible.' 'Then, again, there are the theatres. Some girls do nothing but rave about the stage and actors.' ' So they do ; like the Lincolns, for in stance. And if Madge took up such a fad as that, why, with her impulsive nature, she would have her own way, too, lor her father can refuse her nothing.' 'Indeed! I'm - glad to hear that,' thought Pierce to himself. ' No, cricket, alter all, is a very harmless amusement ; bless the dear child, I'll never say a word against her craze for it again. You have quite relieved my mind, Mr. Dixson.' The good lady, who had been uneasy at her niece's outburs', re gained her composure, and became her usual smiling, benevolent self. ; . . Pierce's infatuation was known to his. friends, and the ' game within a game,' as they called his courtship,; was watched. by the interested onlookers. 'You have my best wishes, old man,' said Brown's friend, who thought himself a wit ' but I am afraid the chances are not in your favour, as it's cricket. In ten nis, now, there is such a thing as love.' ' Yes, but a losing game, you remember,' said Dixson, with a ghost of a smile on his face ; ' and I always play to wit;,' Pierce was quite at home at Ouklea, and might be found there most evenings. ' A fine lid that boy of J oe's,' said Mr. Lennox one Sunday, 'It's quite a treat to ment an intelligent young man nowa days. We have been over at tlie bee farm, and I quite enjoyed showing ' the place to him, he was so keen about every thing.' ' Does Mr. Dixson understand' bees ? ' asked Madge, tor her father found few ad mirers ot his little favourites. ' No, but I was telling him alitile.aboul them, and he seemed interested — really interested, I mean ; not like that idiot Brown, who makes a pretence of listening when. I am talking, but is always casting sheep's eyes in your direction at the same time.' Madge laughed. ' I expect Mr Dixson is too sensible for that nonsense, father.' Now 'the time drew near for the test match in Melbourne. Would Dixson go, as he had previously announced was his in tention, or was the attraction in Sydney too strong for him?. was the question exercising most of his friends. Pierce had made up his mind, and when Madge said,- ' Of course you are going to Melbourne ? ' he answered, ' Of course.' No, Pierce knew what , he was about. The Argus was posted every morning to Miss Lennox, and -.-telegrams were the order of the day. Then on. his return there were details- to;be given by word of mouth." Next came the Adelaide match, which Dixson also followed up," and again the telegraph boy haunted Oaklea. Miss Warden looked curiously at the. excited girl when she ran in- with the news of the great victory. ' Madge, that young man is in love with you.'. - The niece only laughed. ' Nonsense, auntie. Mr. Brown is, if you like, but Mr. Dixson has; never uttered a word of love, to me.' 'Actions speak more than words,' re marked .the shrewd observer.. 'He doesn't send papers and telegrams to every girl lie knows, I'll be bound.' ' I should think not, indeed ! ' said Miss Lennox under her breath, and then aloud, " But T. don't suppose any of his other girl friends are as fond of cricket as I am.' Auntie only nodded . Iter head and smiled.- .Pierce Dixson had plenty to say on his - return. from Adelaide, but. still he did not ask Madge the question, uppermost in his Thoughts. 'Had she.missed him during his absence.' The next great game being in Sydney, they were able to witness it "si.de by side, and the evening that saw the Australians victorious Pierce spent with the Lennoxes. After dinner Madge.arid he sat out on the verandah talking cricket. - t Only a month to, the final,' said-Pierce. ' What excitement there will be in Mel bourne ! ' 'Yes,' assented Madge: 'I wish it werci to be played here. You intend go ing, I suppose ? ' ' Oh, yes,' . , She gave a faint sigh. ' -%..r ; : ' Why can't you- go.aiso?' asked Pierce. Madge laughed. /.Why, father thinks I am niad enough about cricket as it is, and if I proposed a. trip, to Melbourne just to see the. game. I' fancy ,.he. vyould ...feel in clined to aenitFme to Gladesville 'instead.' . ' May I suggest a way of getting there 1' ' Yes; but I'm afraid it's a hopeless case,' '.Then Madge, will you marry me, and go witii me to the cricket match in Mel bourne?' Her answer was a little angry exclama tion, fol owed in cold tones with these words 'It is riot like you, Mr. Dixson, to jest on such a subject.' 'Nor do I." Pierce tried to see Madge's face in the dim light. 'I was never more serious in my life. ' Is it very wonderful that I should love you, Madge? Ever since I have known you my dearest hope has been that some day I might persuade you to be my wife.' 'But,' gasped/Madge, 'marry just to go to -a cricket match ? I couldn't do that.' 'Why shouldn't you ? You don't dislike me, do you?' 'No, no.' 'Perhaps you everi like me a little ?' 'Ye-es,' stammered Madge. 'More than 'any of the others ?' . 'Oh, yes.' 'Then let us marry. I, because I love you, and you; because— well, because you- care more for me than the other fellows The. wedding must take plice this month/ because "my holidays will not last much longer, and we will go to the cricket, be- ' cause there is no better place than Mel bourne Tor a huneymoop.' Pierce possess ed himself of the little natia, which trem bled for a time, and then lay passive in his firm clasp; . - : ' | Perhaps the thought , -of witnessing the j final struggle between the' teams was too tempting ; or the usually silent man was particular ly eloquent, . However that might be, it is certain that before they joined the others in the drawingrooin Madge had promised to marry Dixson, subject to the approval of the family. Miss Warden was delighted with her favourite's success, but papa's anger, like his Satanic Majesty's favourite lirew of half and-half, was "a much more difficult matter to fight.' Though Mr. Lennox stormed for a time, Shd declared tliem a couple of idiots for wanting such a hasty marriage, he gave in at. last. His consent was not given merely because his wilful child usually had her own wap. or because Joe's boy was a good lid. He had p.ivate reasons. One of those officious busy-bodies who always know more of other people's business "than their own had congratulated! Mr. Lennox- on his daughter's engagemgpt jo Wilfred Brown. That lazy scapegrace marry Madge ! The thi ught made him furious.. And .the fact iliatiit would perhaps be a good thing .to have -his daughter safe from Brown's pre tension had as much weight in his decision as the blandishment of his daughter or the virtues of his future son?in-!aw. So the dressmakers were hurried, and the bridesmaids engaged for tlie eventful day, and the end of the month saw Madge and Pierce united as man and wife, speeding southwards to 'join the glad throng' 01 cricket, enthususts already overflowing Melbourne. Together they witnessed the final struggle, England v. Australia, .and un grudgingly admired the play of Stoddart's team. Ah, that was something like a cric ket season ! ' . . In the evening the bride and bridegroom talked over the events of the day. Madge was seated in a.rockingchair fanning her self. Pierce stood with his elbow resting on the chimneypiece, his eyes on the swaying figure near the iviridoiv. '1 dun't think- tpuclj, of the leg-break, Pierce, that people praise so rnuch.V 'One wants to be at the wicket to appre ciate it; it's very effective there.' Madge laughed. 'Well, I'm sorry it's all over; it has been the best season ol cricket we have ever had.' 'Yes,' agreed Pierce, but in an absent-' minded way. Then after a pause he said, watching her curiously, 'I wonder, Madge, if I should have won ;y,ou apart from the cricket.' The chair stopped rocking and the fan fluttered to the ground,- - while a look ol distress crept ihto the.girl's eyes, 'Pierce,' she said,, .(there is something I have -wanted to say .to. you. for. some time.' - - ; Pierce moved- -nearjer. i TDonT telj, me anything which will .distress/.you, dear,' he said gently. : Bnt his fu'pe paled, and "he. set his leeth'as he.w9ndered.t0 himself if she. were going to tell- him that after. a'J their marriage was a failure. 'Oh, but I want to,' she insisted. '1 . meant to do so .before we were married, but there was such a hurry and bustle that somehow I never managed to get a chance. I did not mind what other people thought "about me, but I cannot bear you to think that I only became your wife in order to follow up the cricket. I know they all imagined that, all except dad and auntie. I even overheard one of my bridesmaids say that people called our marriage the test match, and thought we would soon find -out our mistake. It was not the cricket at all, thongh,, that, of course, helped me to know you better ; but it was your sympathy made me love you.' Pierce stroked herihair gently, but did not speak ; it was so sweet to hear her talk in that strain.- ; ,. , 'Yes,' ,she went : op. leaning her head against the arm passed round her.; "I really think that sympathy is the best quality one can wish for in a man.. Wilfred Brown, though he professed to love me, never would enter into anything which interested me. . He treated everyone that" way ; lie advised auntie to engage a gardener instead of worrying over her flowers/and told my father he wondered at him troubling his head about such horrid things as. bees ! Now auntie always enjoyed a talk with you, and I am sure you never could pretend the interest you showed about the bee-farm.' 'But then, my dear, you must remember that l am not a brilliant conversationalist ; in fact, I am rather like Moses, slow of speech and of a slow tongue. My studies have made me quiet, . I suppose, and I am-alivaysa better listener than talker.. My interest in the conversation of your aunt and your father, .was not-feigned, for I quite enjoyed hearing the'm.discuss their respective hobbies.' ' Well, that was because of your broad- mindedness, and you were just as tolerant with my love for cricket, perhaps more so, because there our tastes agreed. As to your being quiet, if-that helps to make you | so thoughtful for other people, I like it, and I am sure I chatter enough for two. Still, I knew you loved me all the time in spite of your silence. And when you went to Adelaide and Melbourne, and people said you- cared more for the | cricket than for me,. I didn't say a word to keep you, though I knew I should miss ynu very much. You would sooner have stayed with me, wouldn't you ? ' 'Rather!' ' But you thought I should enjoy hear ing the account of the matches from, an interested onlooker belter than the press notices. And how did you know all that 1 Sympathy again, you 'see.' ' Telepathy,' objected Pierce, but he drew her nearer as he spoke. ' Call it what you like, but I prefer the old-fashioned word. And 1 am glad I told you, Pierce, because I was afraid that, like the ethers, you might think it was all the cricket.,' i/' o . Pierce kissed the sweet fare tenderly. 