Pith and Point. The largest mammoth tuslc yet dis covered was 16£t. in length. The consumption of boot-blacking in England In one year amounts to a value . of £000.000. " The Three Musketeers" is the third I act of an Adelphi melodrama the whole 1 way through. ' Twenty-two coal-l'aden ships Balling from Newcastle, New South Wales, have i li'-sn reported as missing at sea since ; 1S&8. A '' .=t-c!ass merchant steamer costs I ' . nit £28 per tou weight of hull, . . per Indicated horse-power ol In the names given In Inverness Direc tory there are 730 varieties, yet the : Erasers made up 93 per cent of the [ whole population. The general rate of pay for all classes of labour In Switzerland is a little over li.ilf as much as Is paid for the same description of work In Great Britain. A man stood inside the Venetian blinds the other day, and spent fifteen minutes trying to brush a streak of sunshine off lils coat with the clothes brush. In San Francisco a 37-year-old hus band recently obtained an absolute divorce from his .16-year-old wife. He was employed as a messenger boy. A young lady ale h'alf a wedding" cake, then tried to dream of her future hus band. Now she says she would rather die than marry the man she saw In thai dream. The Paris jeweller Satin, who was charged with replacing with paste the jewels of Mmc. de llute, which had been temporarily Intrusted to him, has been sentenced to eighteen months' Imprison ment. A cat's eyes are said to be lai, est nt midnight. We never made an ??* uminatlon, but we are positive that its voice is about seventeen times larger at that hour than at any other period during the twenty-four. The land on which the two battles of Bull Run were fought Is to be-sold at public auction early next month, and cat up Into small farms. As the first great battlefield of the wiar It answers some of the requirements of a national park. Her Majesty the Queen Is not in the Imblt ot wearing mu ' J .veil y, !> U there is one trinket s _? .. v. .iys :;ub and that is a gold bra. eki ol'-'en to ; by the late Prince Consort 1 This, it is said, Iter Majesty has not unclasped from her arm for the last ? thirty-tour years. This winter there are 28,709 students in the German universities, 4587 whom are studying theology. 8132 law, S361 medicine, while 7619 are under the philosophical faculty. There Is a dis tinct falling off in the number oJ . students of evangelical theology tf&m; last year. Many are the anecdotes told of Dr. ICeate, Mr. Gladstone's head master at Eton, and Mb constant threat, " I'll flog you"-notalbly of his way of enforcing the lessons of the sermon on the mount; " Blessed are the pure In heart," ealfl Dr. Keate. " Mind that; It's youo duty to be pure In heart. If you're not pure In heart, I'll flog you." Fifteen hundred sea otter skins wer# brought to the traders by Alaska Indians last year, according to the es timate of a trader Just returned to Seattle. Purs of bears and foxes aggrt gating may thousand dollars in valut were also brought In. He says Alaska's wealth in furs Is' very great, and In many regions Is yet practically untouched. A singular Corean hat Is a great round mat of straw worn by a mourner. The hat is bound down at' the sides so as almost to conceal the bead and face at the wearer. He carries In his hatid a screen or fan, and when in the road any one approaches hlrl he holds the screen In front of him, so that It, to gether with the hat, completely con ceals. him. Intense cold, as is well known, bunts -If we may use the term-like heat. If a " drop" of air at a temperature of lEOdeg. below zero were placed upon the hand It would have the same elfect as would the same quantity of molten steel. Every one who has had the care of horses ought to know the intense pain caused by placing a frosted bit Into * horse's mouth. It bums like hot Iron. In Jamaica a new use has been found for the bicycle. A prominent entomolo gist of the Agricultural Station Ie travel ling about the Island giving personal In struction in wafi-lnu war 3 gainst the various insects that play EUCIi sad havoc with the crops and vln T' handle-bar of hh bicycle b* . . a reservoir of lnsre;i' '' -. ' Is strapped a port. !.' A winter cycle, lalfely made, has two runners, one ahp.nl of the other, and between them is u pair of treadles like these on a bicycle. Prom o.r'- to n heavy balanced wheel In the i -i an endless chain, and this wind .. a small drive wheel with spurs to su << into the snow. It is thought that a per son can travel along hard-beaten coun try roads with this as easy as on a cycle. " Ghostly visitations" continue at Clandon House, near Guildford, In Surrey, one of Lord Onslow's mansions. There are upward of fifty persons In Clandon village who claim to have seen the "ghosts." One takes the form of a black dwarf, another that of a lady, notnetlmes brilliantly, jsometlmcB very sombrely, attired. All the servants at Clandon House say they have seen one or other of the apparitions. / ? ? 