CHAPTER II. OR nearly a year Gilbert Warren . performed - the very hard task of killing: time. He visited, fished, sailed, golfed, shot, hunted, hut the savour had gone out of life, and the length of the days andj nights was hor riMo to him. Jlitny a time he j almost made up his mind to break with every thing*, and go down to Zandewarne to see her, and hear her voice again. Bat over and over again he told himself that it woald be presumptuous, ungentleraanly, , childish, cowardly, when she had shown him that the very mention of .his love distressed .her so deeply, and he conquered the madness—con quered it for nearly twelve months. A.very little incident-broke down his reso lution at lastv' Jttst a girl's face in the park a shabby little governess he thought she was;-at the end of a'-file of girls taking exercise in the biting air-j! and he only caught a glimpse of her face as lie happened to turn his eyes absently in her direction. Bat that glimpse reminded him of Eleanor; it sot his ; blood coursing and his heart aching anew, and broke down all bis fictitious strength. "I must see her!* I must! I must!'* he declared, desperately, as he walked back to his rooms. .."I can't go pleasuring with a lot of people at.Christmas, when X am racked and miserable.' I will go to her—at I>ande warne." As Gilbert neared bis own door the first snowfiukes of the winter were slowly falling, but ho did not heed them, his eyes were unseeing, hungry for a sight of the woman he loved. Three days before Christmas Gilbert was at Landewarne, settled in the big. dining-room and best bedroom of Trcthick Farm, with Mrs. Mitchell, the farmer's wife, his sworn friend, every comfort that good hearts could provide at his sendee, a white world outside, and thf1appalling tidings, in answer to his inquiries, that I*andewarne House was shut up—had been empty these twelve months past, Miss .Hardwick, the young mistress, being on visits, it was thought. Gilbert almost sank under this news, im parted to him by Cb;irio:te, the serving maid, as she laid his first supper; he realised! with a rush of desolation how much- he had j counted upon a sight of Eleanor, how the1 thought of it had tilled every waking moment, how blank, the'World had suddenly become again ; and he shivered as he sat before the fire which blazed up the chimney. " It will be a white Christmas, sir," said Mrs. Mitchell, cheerily. She had come iu to remonstrate with Gilbert oa his want of appetite, and remained to try to hearten him PP. "Is it still snowing?" asked Gilbert. "No, sir; the snow has stopped, and the sky is clearing nicely; but the moon's on her back, so there!ll be no thaw yet awlule. We like a white Christmas here in L&ndewarne;, but we don.'fcoften getit." .. " Then this is really Lahdcwarne?" "Landewnrne parish. Yes, sir. 'Its only a scattered bit of a village, but Landewnrne Hou..c is close here; you can see it in winter time - from your bedroom window. 'Tis a lonely-looking place now, sure enough." "Miss Hard wick is away ?" " Yes, sir; been away these twelvemonths. 'TIs lonely here, I make no doubt, for a young" lady alone: but we often wish her back again. She was a great favourite here, w:is "Miss Hardwiok; and before the old gentleman's death there seemed to be no place like Lande warne to her, she was so set on it, and now we hear that she's been trying to let it. But, law me, the old place has gone to rack and ruin these last thirty years. Old Mr. Hard wick spent freely when he was a young man, and money grew scarce, I've heard. There was never a Hardwick who wasn't free handed ; and it's brought 'em to poverty at last, I suppose." Gilbert smiled at the tbonght of poverty as he recalled Miss Hardwick's%appearacce at Bury Hall a year ago. He knew but little of the price of furs and silks and fripperies, I but he knew he had never seen a better dressed woman. When Mrs. Mitchell had left him he went to his bedroom, and shading the lamp, he walked to the window and looked out upon his new surroundings. The world was white with snow and moon light, the sky was clear, the niyht was still. Risrht before him, beyond the boundary of the farm lands on this sido rose a (.warn! old mansion, looking desolate and distinct in the, ratified air. At the other Bide and at tha back Gilbert could see that the house vraj sheltered bj fine trees; but the side on which ho looked was open, as was the front, where, as far as his eye could trace, stretched out terraces and gardens and lawns. "That is her home," thought Gilbert passionately. "That at any rate I may look upon and touch. Ah, she seems nearer to me here. It was worth coming for."' *.He leaned on the window-seat and gazed, long and eagerly, upon Eleanor Hard wick's, home. •" \=- 'I; ' At length, as he leaned there, "With his eyes riveted on the scene beforo him, a move ment on the snowy stretch-of lawn* caught his attention. "" Housing himself from his reverie, he leaned forward and looked mora closely at the spot where movement had seemed to be. There was certainly something moving, something slowly nearing the gaunt, desolate house. The night was so clear, the ground so in tensely white, that Gilbert's eye could follow the moving form easily as it went forward. It seemed to be wear}*, or in no hurry; tho colour of it did not seem to be very dark— grayish rather than black; but though it stood rather high from the ground, ho could not tell whether it was a human being or an animal. " Curious/' he thought, as he watched it intently. "An animal would scarcely prowl about a deserted place in this cold weather when there are so many shelters here at tha farm; and no human .creature can havo business at an empty house." There was no swerving or hesitation about the moving shape, however, . and at last Gilbert saw it reach what seemed to be a small side door or the silent mansion; but there the moving shape seemed to melt into the darkness of tho door itself, and for a few moments ho could not follow it, it seemed gone. Suddenly Eleanor's light words of a year ago came back to his mind, sending the blood coursing swiftly through his veins. " A gray, snarling wolf, which prowls about outride,^ and at length comes in at tho ; and I am afraid of it." And even as door; he remembered, he fancied he saw—he felt almost certain he saw—unless his straining eyes were deceiving him—the door of this empty, barred mansion - slowly open, and the gray figure vanish into tho inner darkness. * Gilbert stood rigid, with his eyes fastened on that door. ; He had never believed in ghosts, but this —? If there were such things as ghosts, if his eyes bad • not tricked him, no wonder that Eleanor Hard wick had left her home to its solitude and its uhost, and had fled in horror. But in time Gilbert's common sense cams back tohim. "I am bewitched by the iuood," ho muttered, impatiently. "Most probably some tramps have managed to find a shelter in the old house, by fair means or the reverse. I'll go and have a look." Telling the old farmer, whom he met in tho hall, that he was going to have a stroll and a cigar before bedtime, he stepped out into tho snowy garden and made his way towards Eleanor Hardwiek's home. A fancy fell upon him that he was serving her by investi gating this mystery—that he was protecting her possessions—and it brought him soma comfort. There wa3 some difficulty in gaining access to the grounds, but the walls and gates were not in very good.condition, and Gilbert was fairly athletic, and certainly determined, so a little climbing soon brought him over tho barrier to tho shrubbery which skirted the lawn. With a grim smile, he thanked his lucky star that Landowarne was primitive, for assuredly in any more worldly place ho would have been detected and arrested for trespassing, if not for housebreaking. Very carefully he examined the uround as he went, but he could see no footsteps: .only two continuous trails in the snow where the lawn edged the drive, done purposely, IrJ concluded, or by some strange creature, whose species he could not guess. Hurrying to the door, he listened long and eagerlv, but minute 'after" minuto passed, and ho could, hear no-sound, but an occasionalV sob. as of the wind.in the trees. Then with a firm stealthy hand he tried the door; it would not yield, it was fast locked. Stepping back, he looked up over tho house; but he could see no light from any chink. He walked round the whole of tho straggling building, again and again he tried the various doors, but nothing gave him any clue to the mystery; all was fast burred and dark and sileut. Puzzled ami baffled he mado his way buck to the farm, determined to say nothing of his doubts or suspicions, hut to investigate the matter further by daylight. Contrary to Mrs. Mitchell's expectations, there was another fall of* snow daring the night, and by morning all traces of Gilbert and his ghost were gone from the grounds of Landewamc House. Most of the following day was spent by Gilbert in examining Landewarne House— from the outside. It was soothing, yet tor turing to be there, so'closc to all which was dear to Eleanor—to the home where she hud grown to her beautiful womanhood. But as far as last night's mvstety was concerned ho could make no discovery whatever. All doors ►-ere locked, all windows shuttered. "I suppose there are no means of getting j to see tho house?" Gilbert asked Mrs. I Mitchell. 1 * * 2s o, sir, I'm afraid not; not without writing to the lawyers. Miss Hard wick has her own keys, and her lawyers have another such set, in* case anyone wanted to take tho house: bat none hereabouts has any." So Gilbert was forced to content himself with "-tiring at Eleanor's home from the * outride; and when evening fell, he sat again on his bedroom window seat to watch it from that vantage point. This lime be had scarcely looked out upon [c before he saw again a moving form ami this time it wont from the doorway towards the buck of the house, where the trees made n shelter. The moon had not yet risen, so nothing was very distinct, and had it not been for the whiteness of the ground, it might; easily have escaped his notice; but that the I tlung—ghost, human or animal—was there, he felt sure. | A sudden thought sprang up in his mind, a determination which he did not 'stay to question. "Itis worth trying," he murmured, and going downstairs as unobtrusively as possible he stepped again out into the snowy world, and made his way to Lannewarno House. Creeping quickly to the side door, he found with a throb of satisfaction that his hasty idea. had • been correct. The door was un locked, and hastily turning the heavy handle, he opened it, slipped inside, aud closed it after him. All was dark and still as dentil. He fancied that he must be in u small side lobby; and uncertain what to do, he waited, motionless and almost breathless. Before very long, what ho had half ex pected came to .pass. The door was softly pushed open, closed Again, and locked; and Gilbert was conscious that somcthingor some body was standing near him in the darkness. It was a ghastly moment, and Gilbert, strong, courageous man as ho was, felt his : heart beating almost to suffocation us ho realised that he was alone, in darkness, iu this deserted house, with this mysterious graything which had eluded him the night before, and which might .be an armed and desperate creature, for all he knew of its identity. But even as the thought of Iris situation coursed through his brain, the thing—what ever it was—moved across the floor. He could hear a swish and, he thought, the sound of footsteps; then, with liis straining cars he heard-* it mounting stairs, and stealthily, scarcely daring to breathe or lift a foot, he followed the sounds. He moved after tho moving thiug, he felt the lowest stair, and then went up, und,up, and up. The flights seemed interminable, yet always ahead of him he could hear the swish and the tread; and by degrees his heart lightened, for he guessed that it must in trnth be some living, human being. At length a sharp turn shoved a dim lighfc» coming from a doorway. He could see the upright, gray figure moving towards it; he followed. The figure entered the room ; still he followed. Then.the figure fumed, and a sudden cry of terror rang out iu the old echoing house! 44Eleanor !" he cried. "Eleanor !" A thin, white ghost of Eleanor Hardwiek seemed to stand before his eyes, trembling, with "horror in her eyes. Then the horror gradually faded; changed as she was ho knew her to be real, and involuntarily he held liis arms to her. 44 You!" she cried, shrilly, turning upon him, with wide eyes and gripped hands. 44How dare you intrude? What right have •you to force your way Into ray house " But at the last words her voice broke, and in another moment she had sunk to the floor, a huddled heap iu her long gray cloak, sob bing as if kerheart would break. 44 Eleanor," he cried, raising her in Ills arras, "what does this mean? Tell me! I will help you whatever it is." When her first storm of sobs was orer she raised her head and faced liim, wildly. 44 Tell you? Yes, I will tell you! What does it matter who knows? I am starving! I am penniless! Can't you see what it means?" Gilbert gazed at her in amazement. 44Starviug! You ?" he exclaimed. "But you nre rich." 441 never was rich," she declared, 141 only played at being rich—just for two weeks. Oh, I had been poor and lonely so long," she wailed. 44 The temptation was so strong. 1 yielded when the invitation came; it was my last chance of a little taste of happiness. I deceived yon all. I tricked you all, even jay kindest friends." 44 How did you do it?" he asked gently. 44Isold the onTy jewels that grandpapa left inc. They were honestly mine. They ought to have gono to pay the debts. I know; hut I wanted to he happy, just for a week or two." "Awl since thou?" lie asked. Ilis voice was uii.-fceady with the love he was trying to repress. 4 Since then I have worked as a governess in a little school. They fed me, bat they could not pay me much, because X could not teach much. And then, when the holidays came I had to come away. What could I do but come home—to the old home which no one will rent or buy from me? I meant to be so brave, but hunger makes a coward of one." "My darling!" he whispered. She did not hear the words, or she did not resent them, she only bowed her head and sink back .robbing. Gilbert's heart was racked. He wanted to say so much, yet he feared to tie his own hands by speaking again of his love. " Eleanor," he said, desperately, " did I— did we help youtohappinesslusrChristmas?" Happiness !" she cried. " I was wildly happy. I had often played at being a queen amidst a brilliant throng when I was lonely and grandpapa was asleep ; and at Bury Hall it seemed like a continuation of the play, only better, more entrancing, nntil just at the end. Then I awoke suddenly to the reality, on the night of all nights when I wauted the pretence to be most complete. But I 6aw that you loved me, and the love was so real it sent all iny make-believers ^ivering to nothing. You did say you hna»d me then, didn't you ?" She pleaded. " That was true ?" •* True !"he cried joyfully. " Ihe truest words, I ever spoke, aud true still. I love you, Eleanor. I worship you." " Ah!" The trembling cry of overwhelming happiness broke from her lips, and he caught her iu his arms. For long he held her there, till u shiver'which ran through her brought him hack to common-sonsc. "Come," be said tenderly. "I must take you to warmth and comfort. I cannot lose you cow." How didyou find me ?" I followed your ghost—the gmy wolf," he replied smiling. She shivered again. *4 My ghost was •Want,*" she whispered. " 1 was so frightened of it." " That is laid for ever now." he declared. " But it has been a good ghost to me." And pressing his lips to hers he drew her from the bare chilly room and guided her back to comfort and light. Mrs. Mitchell was amazed when Gilbert led Eleanor into Trethick Hall, but her pride and delight knew no bounds. "I have known Miss Hardwick for some time," said Gilbert by way of explanation, "and I told her that you all wanted her back at Landcwarne." This was quite true, but bo did not say that tho words had been spoken within tho last five minutes. "She has come unexpectedly, and has had a terribly cold time in getting here, but she hopes she will not be unwelcome." "Unwelcome! Miss Hardwick unwel come, indeed!" cried Mrs. Mitchell, looking I into the lovely gray eyes, which were smiling and weepiug by turns". " Come in, my dear, come in. You're cold and tired, I'm 6ure. Here, father! Charlotte! Here's Miss Hard wick, bless her heart." The excitement at Trethick farm was in tense, and all was bustle, cheerfulness, and pleasure. But later on Charlotte found time to remark to her mistress that'it wouldn't surprise her (Charlotte) if there were wed ding bells at Laudewarno before long. It did not need more than two eyes to see some things. And Charlotte beiug an intelligent maid, Mrs. Mitchell did not scorn her "far sightedness. Therefore when in the early, spring Lande : warnc did resound with wedding chimes, there were two persons at least who were not surprised,' and who enjoyed the extreme pleasure of remarking many times, " There now, I told 'oe so." 