? Scene : A small tea-room a la Jap»ntiss. Btorks clamber over the waM* and the frieui seem to be a continuous crunu ^ it'' old-rose legs and a purple bill. The air is titled with the shurp acent of incense rising fri<u a tiny braiser burning before the huge brass Jiss on the mantel. The hostess awaits her guests in • kimono of many »had<s.her level eiebr wa bate a distinct slaut and her small feet slip half out of a pair of sandals at every motinn, A Japanese servant holds bade tbe rattling curtain aud a lady enters. Tha Lady t " Oh, Amy, is that you?'' The Hostess (smiling): " No, dear ; it tbe ghost nt my great-grandmother." The Lady :" Oh, I se*. I've done one of those unnecessary questions, haven't I P* The Hostess (laugliiug): " Yes, but I don't know that you need be pr, u , of it I" Tbe Lady (lookujg uboul); " What time is it, anyway P 1 supiiohe they don't have clocks in Japan. I'm very cariy i" The H stess: " A little. No one i* like-y to come Tor ten miuuten, 1 ^u' uiyaelf into these things in time to have a dress rehearsal with tbe tea things, (Hol.lii g up her square sleeve.) Do say some thing funny, so that I can laugh in tliis ; it's big iliuU(;tL in hold » per.'i; t roar." The Lady (suudtuly) ; " loin >• as driving with her again ye*t«rd>*y. Everybody saw them. Isn't it perfectly infuriating ?" The Hostess (geut,y) : " It is veiy bard for you. Do you mind it very i:uich, de. r ? " The Lady (petulantly): 1 ' Mind it ? Well, I should think 1 did 1 Married only six months and to have one's husband going about with a girl like that I Au impossible en aluie who isn't even in one's own bet, and who wears gowns that are simply ghaatly." Tiie Hostess: "But perilipfi—if you were more conaidcrato—1 mtau if you didn't go out •o much with Will Jarris, who was once wellknown to be ratl.er epris—" The Lady (hastily): " Oh 1 that's nothing. Tom isn't a bit jealous. Neither am I, but he Blight have picked out somebody I knew. 1 ' The Hostess (seriously) : " Do you and Tom reslly care for one soother ? " Tho Lady (staring): " Of course not. But we dou't quarTel—at leant, not in public. Whv (flippantly), he likes that girl better than he does me." The Hostess : " And Will Jarris thinks it is very poor taste, eh P " The Lady (lookiug down) i " Perhaps.' 1 The Hostess : " flew can you endure a life like this, so full of bitterness and dang, r to yourself and others ? Why don't you ami Tom part, sod at least live honertly ? " The Lady : " Tou mean divorce, of course. I've thought of that, of course, but you see I can't—at least, just yet." The Hostcssi " Ah, then >ou do care forlorn • little, after ail I Be patient and I'm sine it will come out—" The Lady (laughing) ; " What a w.ntimentalist you an! Do ynu want to know the reason f You know Kiltie Hnnitr—one of my bridesmaids ? Oa the way down the aisle in the church I overheard her wager a dneen pairs of gloves that I wouldn't live with 't orn a year ! Spiteful thing 1 Ko you see, I've got to.*' The Hostess (looking at her guest curiously: " Yes. I sue. You've got to." —" There was uuce a nussiau nutm u mmitti DiinitriewrU.b - there or tl.erca' ovts. He occuflod a toler.bly powerful Government position in a certain Hussian county town -in fuel be was a 6oit of gloiiliud c. ui.U ...juncillur He loved wine, woman, and song, pattii-ulsrly woman. Also cards and horses. The e qualities he shared nith sll other Rus ian Government officiuls. One af.eiuu^u he went ashe usually did, lo take lea with tbe lovely widow, Alexaudra Wassilyevna, who received him, owtrary to her usual custom, wilh a Sid and aud dep eased manner. With tender xiety, be asked the roa-ot) of h, r 6adness. Diuiitri," she replied, bursting into teais, You know bow passionately I love music ; and I hare no piano 1 And when yo-i arc away I Lave no solace, no " " My swoet little strawberry I Bun if my existence! You know rou never expressed a wish which I did not mmediately gratify 1 You hare on'y to command, and the piano is here I " " Oh ! " cried Alexandra, in a voice of ecstacy, her Inrs all gone. " De you mean a grand ?" " A grand,' declared Dmitri. But Alexandra's smiles disappeared quickly as they hed come. "IJimitri Dimitriewitch," she said, " Yen are promising an impossibility; yon are not telling me the truth! How can a piano be brought hen from the station through the bottomless saed in summer, or the still mom bottomless mud in piieg er autumn t" "Oa a sleigh in winter," plaed Dmitri, with danism. " No, tl.e pane ould be rained by the cold," and Alexandra egan to weep afresh. "Lorelirsl flower in the arden of earth," cried Dimitri, •> it shall be one: a mad shall be mad? on purpose 1 " Friend ef my soel," murmured Alexandra, "I hank yon." Dimitri always kopt his word when it was possible without any grave in* convenience. Bo the next day he dressed in his best uniform, and want to explain to the Governor that Ihe town was simply going to rack and ruin fur want of a good road to the station. The Governor, who was the father ol six unmarried daughters, the eldest ot whom h« often thought would make a capital Mrs. Dimitri, received his visitor with modi cordiality, quite saw the necessity of the road, sad " reed to allow half a million of roubles for the undertaking—that is to say at the rate ol 100,000 rouhlrs per mile. Dimintri went fa work at once, But he reckoned that each mile would cost him 96.000 roubles, at which rate he would only be able to pocket 20,000 roubles, on thn whole transaction, it struck him he could not afford to make s foundation to the road. Nor did he; so that the work got on quicUy. Three miles were already finished, and Dimitri was about, to travel to the Government town to receive the rest or the engineering money, when fatal thing happened. . Alexandra eoddenly eloped with a Cossack Hctman named Kioolai Pom itch Dnrgan, so that the reason for tbe road existed no longer. Just as Dimitri, with full pockets but a sore heart, was issuing from the door of the Governor's palace, he.ran.into the arms of n lii utenant of dragoons, V Hallo, Dimitri,'" said the lieutenant, " it's ages sinoe we met. L' t's go to Antooski's, andhavea drink," A' Antoi.ski's they round more dragoons, aud r little play was propoied. Dimitri had bad luck, snd when he left he had lost 200,000 roubles. He went home very trots. He had lost Alexandra, he ha.) lost the money for the rest of the road, and he was quitn determined not to spend Oil it wbat.be bad.already ««ved out of it. So he first (tn- oi di n to leave " working. By and by ru-npi.jnU reached. the Governor's ears, and lie'vrjiVi! Dimitri to " appear before liini, «• JMmitii IriiWsrit.li* 1 hie Kxeeli'ciiey In sevcru toilns, " take a cigarette and sit down." ; lo hear is obuy,. • jrour Excslloocy;" ruplict !jb« cuti nt) doing as *•- was told, "Dimitri IJimi'tiiewitcV -coii- : timed tho Gov.nor, •• | baveh-ard eirib|e . talcs of you. Why did you ool h ivi- a foundaion put to the i-op.1 P " , - I toigol "it, your fccelleucy," And why •;idn ; i jm finish fee road P " " I forgot it, JOur "Exccllency. - "' And tbe money you iwefo 1 for tbe 10a' y n I st at cards. Didn't you linaiv it ». s bis Sli.jintj the Hmperor's money?"' " 1 fCi-,t it, your Kxoellency." "'Dimitri Dimitrie»itrb. yoir hsve robbed his Mnjcs'y our prarious Car, Whom t.'o l piotcc! This is a «riou» crime and, sorry ss I am, for I am fond of yon, it must be punished. Either you must marry my eldest daughter, or you must I fened, shall we oi)(.it f * 