HE SOLD IT. "T am afraid that I once spoiled a,,l ' hook agent." said the head membe-r c a book agency. "We had gotten cu: an .xpensive reli gious book, and had advertised for agents to handle it. "Among the numerous appl:cants was a, tall, lanky. youth. I asked him if he thought he could sell books, and he said that he reckoned he could. " 'Very well.' said I. 'I'll see what youl can do. Take this book, and consi ley that I am your intended victim. Tnhe price of the book runs from d2 dol. to 4 dole.. but you must always endeavor to sell the highest priced book. althoughl i is no disgrace if you only succeed in ~'1: ing the cheapt r kind. If you sucred i: selling me a book I will hire you.' N go ahead.' "He took the hick. fumb:ed it a":: wardly, and then stammered: " 'Ye don't wanter buy a bo:ok do ye. mister?' "I smilingly answered that I ,l' :nt. " 'Better buy one.' said he. 'I'll sell it to ye pretty cheat:p.' " 'Get out of here!' I yelled, pret.-nd.in to be mad. 'Don't you see that s!-. "Book Agents Not Wanted?'" " ''I'l yet ye hey one fer 4 duls.. mister. seein' it's ye.' said he. taking off his cnat and throwing it on the floor. " 'I am afraid -' I began. " 'Four dollars. mister, an' cheap at the price,' he added, as he rolled up his shirt sleeves. - "I didn't like the looks of all these war like proceedings, and declared the test off. But he refused. awd gave me three minutes to 'dig up' the price of the hook. "While I was trying to make the fellow understand that the joke had gone f:: enough he jumlped at nmc. '.T didn't stand :he ghost of a shiw with the husky youth, n:d I soon fou::ln myself on the floor. with thl would-: book agrnt sitting upon muoe. saying sIme thing about a b 1.!: he wonul l sell n:' 'powerful cheap.' "To save my lif.- I reluctantly cons--nt ed to take one *f :he 2 clol. kind. He said he was -orry. hut he only sold the 1 dol. kind. "He allowed me to get one hand loose, and I produced 4 dols.. whereupon he.re leased me. and wanted to know how soon he could go to work. "I kept my word. and hired him, sent him as far West as I could. and then dis charged him by wire." 