personal Gossip.* Melb. Argus's costs in the recent libel action, brought by C. Johnston, clerk to Mr. Andrew Rowan, were between <£300 and JB40U. The past year has been an expensive one, in this respect, to the "eminently respectable" Melb. daily, which had to disburse =£600 before the libel on P. IL McCaughan, of the Rialto, was done.'with. Dri Rentoul, of Melb., lecturing last week on TJie Empire and Tennyson, mentioned that he had in his possession a letter from the poet containing allusons to two or three persons now living in Victoria. "The letter," added the doctor, "is not to be published until after my death, and until the people referred to by the writer are also dead.;? . This is mildly interesting. What can the late Laureate have said to injure the feelings of the "two or three" Victorians? Mr. W. H. Burford, the new president of the S.A. Chamber of Manufactures, has, indeed, attained some honor in his own country. He is a native of Adelaide, born on December 11, 184-5, and he was educated at John L. Young's school, now the site of Messrs. Goode, Toms, and Co.'s warehouse, and where the late Caleb Peacock, Pat Hall, the Frews, and J. F. Conigrave (now on a world's tour) were amongst the scholars. The business of W. H. Burford & Sons was founded in 1840, and the subject of this , sketch joined it in 1858. For many years he has directed the firm, only lately being relieved to some extent of the burdens of management by the formation of the business into a limited company. Mr. Burford has been on the board of the Chamber of Manufactures since 1883, and twice Yice-President of it. He is an ex-President of the Y.M.C.A., President of the Sunday-school Union, and connected with other charitable institutions, to which he now devotes most of his time. William Buckley, late chief clerk and accountant in Vic. Crown Law Department, who goes to gaol for 18 months for embezzlement, was an inveterate turf frequenter, and has been known to "plunge" to the tune of <£250 in an afternoon—and lose it all. The disclosures in the case make more evident the rottenness of the system of conducting the C.L. office .business. This is the third instance of a chief clerk "going wrong" in this important branch of "Vic. Government service. Melb. Board of Works Chairman Fitz- Gibbon, let himself loose recently." Reminiscing about the time when he was Town Clerk, he declared, amidst cheers from the smaller men around, "Whatever glory and honor, whatever distinction and praise, I have won, has been achieved through my possession of that office." Warming up with the applause, the old man eloquent informed his admiring confreres that as Town Clerk he had not only come into contact with royalty, in the form of the Queen's son and grandsons, but his fame had extended so widely in the world that he had even been consulted with regard to the "best method of local government, from—the Balkan States! Although the Geographical Congress, which has resolved to send an expedition to search for explorer Leichhardt, sits in Berlin, and numbers no representative of Australia in its body, it is yet claimed that a Sydney man inspired the idea. Mr. G. H. Mann, now nearing 80, was one of Leichhardt's party in the expedition of 1846, and when he heard of the assembling of the Berlin Congress, he wrote informally to members, bringing the lost Leichhardt affair to the front, and suggesting the propriety of further investigation. Mr. Mann is enthusiastic over the resolve of the Congress, and though V' v.at; no hope of discovering Leichhardt alive, he expresses confidence that the issue of the expedition will be satisfactory. Personally, Mr. Mann thinks Leichhardt and his party were swallowed up in some inland flood and silted over. "The Corner:" If their street appearances count for anything, Attorney- General Isaacs is real Gamaliel to Premier Turner. Have seen them night after night walking down Bourke-street when the House was up, and every time Ike was doing all the talk, with much earnestness and hand-thumping, while Turner listened hard with his eyes on the pavement. When John Haynes, the N.S.W. M.L.A., was received into Darlinghurst over the Clontarf libel that loaded the Bulletin with <£1,000 costs, the constable on hand catliecised him thus: "What is your name?" "John Haynes." "What are ye, John Haynes?" "A journalist." "A whaat?" "No, not a wha-a-at! a journalist." "Where were ye bom?" "New South Wales." "Have ye anything ye'd like to give up, John Haynes?" "Yes." "What would ye like to give up, John Haynes?" "The ghost." "Look ye here, young man," sarcastically observed the official, "Keep thim joakes for the 'Bullytin, we doan't want them here." Sir George Dibbs, of Damn Chicago fame, completed his sixty-fifth year this week. He was born on October 12, 1834, his father having been Captain John Dibbs, of the Honorable East India co.'s service. Sir George is himself a bit of an old soldier in more senses of the word than one. After long service in Parliament and in different Cabinets, during which period he acted as Premier more than once, Sir George was made chief of the New South Wales Savings Bank. He was a member of the Stuart-Dalley Ministry, which sent the Soudan contingent to help Great Britain against the Arabs, and he is now head of a crack Sydney regiment. His condemnation of Chicago did about as much harm to that flourishing city as his recent curses did to Australian federation, which he hotly opposed. Personally Sir George is a tall, grey-headed, and altogether amiable old party, whose heart is as warm as his language. Obit.—Mr. C. M. Bagot, secretary of the S.A. Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society, of influenza, 47 years old. A native of Koonunga, near Kapunda. From surveying—he was one of the party who laid the overland telegraph to the N.T.—he went into pastoral pursuits with his brother, owning the Peake Run Station in the North. Also in 1885 a member of the Pastoral Board, and in 1889 was appointed secretary of the R. and H. Society. Guy Boothby the Great is thirty-two years old this week, his distinguished birth having taken place in Adelaide on October 13, 1867. His father was Thomas Wylde Boothby, who sat in the Assembly for the District of Victoria from June 17, 1873, to January 14, 1875. His grandfather was Mr. Justice Boothby, of the South Australian Supreme Court, so that Guy is a nephew of the present Sheriff. He was for a while clerk under the Adelaide City Council, and during that time honored Mr. Lewis Cohen by acting as private secretary to him while he was Mayor. It was he who helped in the arrangements for the biggest mayoral ball known here, that held in the Jubilee Exhibition in 1891. Just before leaving Adelaide Guy produced the Jonquille at the Theatre Eoyal, but it was not a great success. He had previously met Rudyard Kipling, who urged him to adopt literature as a profession, and he made his mark in 1895 with A Bid for Fortune. Guy married Miss Rose Alice Bristowe. Hanging in the office of Mr. J. H. Angas in Currie-street are some exquisite specimens of his skill as a painter of birds, insects, and animals. His brother (Mr. George French Angas) was quite a renowned artist, and some of his early sketches of South Australian aboriginals were exhibited long ago to the Queen and the Prince Consort. The first year of Mr. A. W. Ware's term of office as Mayor will expire at T he end of next month, but so far no one has shown any desire to stand against him. It may be taken for granted that he will go on for another twelve months, and certainly if the little ones of the city had votes he would have a most triumphant majority, for he is the first Chief Magistrate to specially consider them. A sturdy pony, which once carried the Duke of York on his back, stills runs about in luxurious ease and freedom at Collingrove, the estate of Mr. J. H. Angas. It is eighteen years since the sailor prince rode him, and the owner of the animal is anxious that it should last until the Duke ascends the throne of England. The Queen and the Prince of Wales, however, have yet, everybody hopes, many years of vigorous life before them. Mr. H. Jenkin, the secretary of the Eight Hours Celebration Union, is one of the hardest working and most unassuming of the energetic men who have done so much to make Eight Hours Day a success in Adelaide. He has occupied the position he now holds for many years, and he has always carried out his heavy duties with courtesy, tact, and complete- . ness. Hutchison, M.P., in the S.A. Assembly, last week, said that if the South Austra^lian volunteers who go to* the Transvaal get 5/ a day they will be regular aristocrats. That is a nice sentiment for a Labor member. He evidently agTees with the Kipling lines 011 the British soldier : — "Shillin' a day, Bloomin' good pay— Lucky to touch it, a shillin' a day!" Captain Lascelles, aide-de-camp to the Governor, has volunteered for service in the Transvaal with the South Australian contingent. Mr. W. A. Cornock, the retiring accountant from Messrs. James Marshall and Co., drapers, is said to have cleared over .£50,000 out of his West Australian share speculations. Not so dusty for a man of fifty. Opposition Leader Solomon told Hutchison in the Assembly last week that if he is not careful his brain will burst his skull. "Flaneur:" Did "Uitlander" Fred. G. Samson volunteer for service in South Africa? Some of us want to know. [Ask Mr. Samson w South Africa!— hy he does not return to ED. C.] Mr. E. G. Blackmore, the talented clerk of S.A. Parliament, who is going to London on eight months' holiday, is a great lover and supporter of rowing. For many years he was president of the Adelaide Rowing Club, and then chairman, both offices which involved coaching crews. He founded the boat race between the St. Peter's and Prince Alfred Colleges, for which he gave a challenge shield. In 1867 he rowed stroke in the winning four in the first champion race on the Port River, and the same afternoon stroked and won the amateur fours and amateur pairs. For seven years he was hon. secretary of the Adelaide Hunt Club, having the management of the kennels, hounds, and the hunting establishment, and he has been master twice. Not only in sport but in the world of letters Mr. Blackmore has a good reputation. When Mr. R. C. Lehmann, the famous English coach, wrote a book on rowing he requested Mr. Blackmore to be a collaborateur, and hie contributed a chapter. On account of his connection with rowing the Field, England's leading sporting paper, placed him on the list of those to whom they send their paper gratuitously as a recognition of services done to sport. Miss Agnes Murphy, erst Melb. Punch penwoman, is doing Lodon social gossip for the Australasian. Our readers who dine at Jackman's are wise. The Menu is unsurpassed; the quality of the food excellent. MuffinB a Speciality. Adelaide Photo. Co. Mr; "William Burford, ^ President of the Chamber of Manufactures, Criticgraphs. A Rare Sport. The late* Mr C. M. Bagot, Secretary of the R.A. & H. Society. Mr. E. G.^Blackmore. Clerk of S.A. Parliament. 