THE DEBATES IN THE HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12. HOUSEHOLD SUFFRAGE BILL. Adjourned debate on second reading, to which the Hon. T. Playford had moved the previous question. The TREASURER, in continuing his Speech in reply, regretted that, owing to the numerous interjections on Tuesday last, he was unable to conclude his address be- fore the time for the adjournment. How- ever, he did not propose to keep the House long. He had dealt with the remarks made during the debate, with which he wanted to deal, and he had now to give a summary to the objections raised against the measure, and he thought he would be able to answer them shortly and to the point. The first complaint was that there was no public de- mand for it. He answered that by stating two facts. First, that a large number— 49,000—of their fellow-colonists, by their vote at the referendum taken at the general elections this year, whom they represented, had asked for the measure. That appear- ed to him, if standing alone, as being an answer to the statement that there was no public demand for it. There was another answer, however. It was said by those who objected to the referendum that the House and not the referendum should determine what the electors wished. He accepted the challenge, and would say that last session of Parliament the Assembly, which represented the people of South Aus- tralia by an overwhelming majority, asked for the Bill, voted for it at its various stages, and passed it. They had, there- fore, not merely the request of the referen- dum but also that of the majority of the House. Then it was said that there was no charge established against the Legisla- tive Council, as at present constituted. So far as he was concerned he had never ask- ed for the Bill on that ground. If he saw two persons, one of whom had liberty and the other had not, it did not seem neces- sary to him to prove a wrong against the man who had his liberty as a basis for the claim for liberty for the other man. It was sufficient for him to know that two- thirds of the electors had not a vote for the Legislative Council, apart altogether from the question of the Council as at present constituted doing its work well or doing it ill. There was no earthly reason why they should refuse the franchise to that two-thirds. Then it had been said that the Bill was not necessary because without it the Council had passed democra- tic legislation; and to prove it the Adult Suffrage Bill, State Bank Bill, and one or two other measures had been instanced. If they were to look at the question in an un- biassed way, they would see that the State Bank Act and the other Acts were passed before Adult Suffrage came into operation. It was said at the time by Mr. Batchelor and others that the passing of Adult Suffrage would tend to strengthen the conservatism of the Council to the detriment of the interests of liberal- ism. What was predicted then had come about. Every election that had taken place for the Legislative Council since that Bill had been passed indicated a change in the constituency of that branch of the Legisla- ture. It had added about 9,000 women's names to the roll, and practically the whole of them belonged to the conservative side of politics. His answer was if it did pass legislation of a satisfactory character before that great change in the Constitution took place, it most assuredly had rejected and blocked such legislation ever since. The next point he wanted to answer was the statement of those who said that the pre- sent system was most liberal. His answer to that was that he would re- mind them of the speech of Mr. Playford. It was an absolute an- swer to the objection; and, as prominence had been given it by other members, he did not think there was any need for him to dwell upon that point. It had been proved to all unbiassed men that the present Con- stitution was not in accord with the great cry, "liberal enough." The Premier entire- ly concurred with Mr. Playford on that point. Then there were those who said that the proposed change would be injuri- ous to the colony. (Hon. W. B. Rounsevell —"Undoubtedly.") He had listened most attentively to the arguments ad- duced by the other side on this question in particular, and he failed to see one instance in which it had been proved that it would be injurious to the colony. What would be injurious he really could not find out. (Hon. W. B. Rounse- vell—"You have had twenty speeches.") But not one of them had tackled that point. Were the persons they proposed to enfran- chise less worthy than the hon. member, or those who had the privilege? (Hon. W. B. Rounsevell—"What about entitled.") He was not discussing the point of their being entitled or not, but whether it would be injurious to the colony. He was not ask- ing whether they were entitled. Would it be injurious to the colony. (Hon. W. B. Rounsevell—"I say in my opinion, yes.") He had never seen it proved that it would be so. It could not be set up in the first place that they could not give the vote to the people because of any defect in their character. They could not say that the two-thirds they wished to enfranchise were of such a character that the granting of the franchise to them would injure South Aus- tralia. Would any hon. member say that of his constituents? It could not be claim- ed that these people were less patriotic than those who had got the franchise, and it could not be suggested that it would be in- jurious to South Australia because they had less interest in the wellbeing of the colony. If they brought up before them the 47,000 who had the vote, and the 100,000 who had not, it would be most difficult to distin- guish between the two on the grounds of ability, the grounds of interest, the grounds of patriotism, or in any other way. The next thing was that it had been asserted that it would enfranchise the worthless and the "birds of passage." He had already shown that 30,000 whom the Bill sought to enfranchise were the wives of legislative Council electors. (Mr. Darling—"But they don't want it.") The hon. member was not their spokesman. He (the speaker) had more right to be their spokesman, for he stood there and championed the rights of the whole of the electors of South Austra- lia, and Mr. Darling was only the spokes- man of one-third or less, and, therefore, he had a better right to claim to be the spokes- man of the people of South Australia than the hon. member. He had shown that 30,000 of them were the wives of Legislative Council electors, and therefore, they need not further consider whether they were worthless. The rest were citizens and the wives of citizens, just as respectable as those who had the vote now. It was a shame and a disgrace for hon. mem- bers to reflect on two-thirds of the people. The next thing said about the Bill was that it would be detrimental to the country interests as compared with the city interests. He had a few figures which he had referred to before, but would refer to them again. (Hon. W. B. Rounse- vell — "Are you sure they are correct?") Yes. He would take the District of Barossa. In that district the time the last census was taken, in 1891, there were 2,363 houses. He allowed 10 per cent. as a fair increase since that time, and that made the total number of houses 2,599, or say, 2,600. Yet in 1898 the total number of electors to the Legislative Council was only 1,424. (Hon. T. Playford — "Empty houses.") No, below the necessary quali- fication. There were 1,236 men and 188 women on the roll, and yet they talked about woman suffrage. He found that 1,176 houses in that district did not have the Legislative Council franchise. So that would mean not only 1,176 additional votes, but five-sevenths of them had wives, making a total possibly of 1,600 or 1,700, or altogether, by the passing of that Bill, it would give Barossa 2,500 more electors, or a thousand more than double the present number. Then he would take the Districts of North Adelaide, East Torrens, and Sturt, and, they would find that the number of houses was somewhere near the number of voters. The figures had been compared in the same manner as those of Barossa. In North Adelaide the total number of houses was 3,230 and the voters 2,979, East Torrens 5,968 houses and 5,802 voters, and Sturt 4,579 houses and 4,166 voters. They would see that it was not in the city that the values had gone down, but in the country. Barossa would really nearly have her vote trebled, while North Adelaide, East Torrens, and the Sturt would only be about doubled. (Mr. Cald- well — "Give us the number of men and women just under the age. ) What on earth had that got to do with it? (Mr. Caldwell—"A lot. It is the other side of the argument.") He had shown suf- ficiently that the Bill was not alone in the interests of the city. It was said next that the Bill was class legislation. The Bill proposed to break down all class distinctions, monopolies, and privileges, and place all householders on the same basis. How that process could be called class legislation he could not for the life of him imagine. Those who were opposed to the Bill said that they would maintain the class distinctions, and the privileges of the property owners. (Hon. W. B. Rounsevell—"The taxpayers.") That, in- deed, was setting class against class, and he returned the compliment, if such it was, and said that instead of his side of the House raising class issues, adopting class legislation, and promoting class feuds, it was the other side who were guilty of the practice. The opponents of the Bill had tried to set country against town. He held, and a majority held, that the interests of the town and country were one, and that South Australia's interests were not to be split up into sections, and one set against the other. It was also said that the refe- rendum was taken unconstitutionally. What did it matter whether it was taken by virtue of a Statute or not? The purpose of taking it was to elicit beyond all ques- tion the opinion of their constituents. If it were pretended that the referendum ta- ken had any statutory value or constitu- tional force, the objections taken to it would have deadly effect. Such was not pretended, but it was beyond all question that the referendum possessed the power of demonstrating on this issue what the will of the people was, apart from all other issues and personal reasons. They knew now what the will was, and beyond that nothing was claimed for the referendum. And whose fault was it that the referendum was not taken with statutory authority? The As- sembly by a large majority asked that it should be taken constitutionally, but the other branch of Legislature refused it. It was entirely the fault of those who now took refuge under the plea that it was an unconstitutional proceeding. Who were the people who raised this cry? If mem- bers would turn to page 2???3 of the 1893 "Hansard" they would see there that in the Council itself a motion was moved in reference to payment of members in favour of a referendum of the whole of the elec- tors, not of the Council only, being taken on that question. Who were among those who voted for it? Sir Richard Baker, who was not President then, Mr. Stirling, Mr. Warren, and others—shining lights of the Conservative Party. (Mr. von Doussa —"Did you rehearse this speech at Gawler?") He referred to the matter there. He was pleased that Mr. von Doussa had read the report of his Gawler speech, and believed that if he went in for a course of reading of Ministers' speeches for the past few years that they would turn him out a good Liberal after all. They were asked—"Why not go for adult suff- rage right out?" but the very persons who asked that were those who would support no change at all. They knew perfectly well that if they could only persuade the Government to the folly of departing from household suffrage and taking up adult suffrage that they would lose all the constitutional power they possessed at present. They were also asked why they did not adopt a £15 franchise. He spoke carefully, because he was addressing mem- bers who thoroughly believed in that— Messrs. McLachlan, Foster, Burgoyne, and Shannon among them. There were several reasons why they could not support the £15 basis. In the first place, as sure as they went for it, they would sacrifice all the constitutional powers they possessed, and would probably get no change at all. Another reason was that they would not only run the risk of getting nothing, but would go back behind what was now at- tainable. It was all very well and right to advocate the £15 franchise before the for- mulation of the Federal Constitution, but now it was seen that the people of the co- lony were prepared to accept a very much more liberal Constitution. As soon as that fact became apparent beyond all dis- pute, it was time to go a step further, and in closer proximity to adult suffrage. (Mr. Tucker — "Why don't you bring it down now?") Mr. Tucker would have them be like the man who was in such a great hurry to get downstairs that he threw him- self out at the window. (Mr. von Doussa— "You'll go downstairs right enough.") Well, they would go with all the people of South Australia down the stairs which would demolish class distinction, and advan- tages which others did not possess. Mr. von Doussa reminded him of a game he used to play in his boyhood—jumping up on a pile of earth and calling, "I'm the king of the castle; you're the dirty rascal." The hon. member claimed for himself and the others of the 47,000 Council electors as kings of the castle, while the rest of the people were the dirty rascals. He (the Treasurer) wanted to be on a level with the latter, and not set himself up on a hill crying in exultation of himself and in degradation of the rest. They were told that no case had been made out for the change. There were none so blind as those who would not see. He put to the House earnestly that the ques- tion was not—"Can you establish any claim to this vote?" That question was for the other branch of the Le- gislature, who represented only one-third of the people, and who might fairly ask if the other two-thirds could es- tablish a claim. Members of the Assembly who represented the whole people must look at it from the opposite point of view altogether. Members had a right to say that unless it could be shown that the granting of the privileges to the two- thirds of the people who did not have it to-day would be injurious to South Australia, it ought to be agreed to. The burden of the proof was on the other side. He stood for the people of South Australia; for the whole, and not for two-thirds, which was the position the other side had tried to put them in. He was entitled to represent the manhood and womanhood of South Australia—first, by a large majority in his own constituency; and, next, by the confi- dence which the House reposed in the pre- sent Government. He claimed, on behalf of the whole people of South Australia that the privilege should be extended to those to whom it was proposed to give it, and who had they on the other side? Those who represented not the whole, not two-thirds of the people, but one- third, and presently when the division was taken they would see who came on his side, and stood for the whole people, and voters of South Australia, and who would go to the other side—his side stood for the whole people against nobody, those who took their place on the other side would declare by their vote that they stood for one- third of the electors with their fists in the face of the other two-thirds. He invited members to make their choice between them. He would conclude with a short extract from Henry Ward Beecher, which the Commissioner of Public Works had handed to him:—"Listen not to the everlasting Conservative, who pines and whines at every attempt to drive him from the spot where he has lazily cast his anchor. Every abuse must be abolished. The whole system must be settled on the right basis. Settle it ten times and settle it wrong, you will have the work to begin again. Be satisfied with nothing but the complete enfranchisement of humanity." He asked members to take that honourable step that day towards the honourable goal. The "previous question," moved by the Hon. T. Playford was declared negatived. The Hon. T. Playford called for a division, which resulted as follows:— Ayes, 33—Messrs. Archibald, Batchelor, Blacker, Brooker, Burgoyne, Butler, Carpen- ter, Catt, Coneybeer, Cummins, Dumas Fos- ter, Grainger, Hooper, Hourigan, Hutchi- son, Jenkins, Kingston, Livingston, Mac- Gillivray, McKenzie, McLachlan, Miller, Morris, O'Loughlin, Peake, Poynton, Price, Roberts, Scherk, Shannon, Wood, and Hol- der (teller). Noes, 20—Messrs. Caldwell, Castine, Cop- ley, Darling, Sir John Downer, Messrs. Duncan, Gilbert, Giles, Glynn, Griffiths, Hague, Handyside, Homburg, McDonald, Paech, Rounsevell, Solomon, Tucker, von Doussa, and Playford (teller). Majority of 13 for the Ayes. The second reading was declared carried. Mr. SOLOMON called for a division, which resulted as follows: Ayes, 33— Messrs. Archibald, Batchelor, Blacker, Brooker, Burgoyne, Butler, Car- penter, Catt, Coneybeer, Cummins, Dumas, Foster, Grainger, Hooper, Hourigan, Hut- chison, Jenkins, Kingston, Livingston, Mac- Gillivray, McKenzie, McLachlan, Miller, Morris, O'Loughlin, Peake, Poynton, Price, Roberts, Scherk, Shannon, Wood, and Holder (teller). Noes, 20—Messrs. Caldwell, Castine, Cop- ley, Darling, Sir John Downer, Messrs. Duncan, Gilbert, Giles, Glynn, Griffiths, Hague, Handyside, Hamburg, McDonald. Paech, Playford, Rounsevell, Tucker, von Doussa, and Solomon (teller). Majority of 13 for the Ayes. In Committee. Clause 1—"Extension of suffrage." Mr. GLYNN said that listening to the Treasurer's speech he was impressed by what he said, that the main object of the Bill was that the women of South Australia should have a vote for the Upper House. Members would agree that the burden of the whole speech was that while prior to 1893 a good many liberal measures were passed through the Legislative Council by passing adult suffrage an alteration was made by the wives of Conservatives being given a vote. He wanted the Treasurer to abide by his own admission, and to see whether the Government were really sincere in their desire to introduce a cure adequate for the disease. The true principle of political as well as of medicinal cures was that they should not apply a remedy far beyond the occasion. In order to test the bona fides of the Ministry he would move an addition to the clause, which would answer the main objection, although he did not think there was much force in it, and he would ask members to add certain words conferring the right to vote for the Upper House on any woman married to a man who enjoyed the privilege providing she had been registered for six months. There was no necessity to thrash the mat- ter out, but be asked the Ministry and those who had unanimously supported them to help the women of South Australia to get a vote for the Upper House. He moved to insert after "to" in the se- cond line the words "every woman who, being the wife of a person entitled to such right." That, of course, would necessi- tate the striking out of all the words after "all" down to and including "Australia" in the next line. The TREASURER said the Government were heartily in favour of what Mr. Glynn desired. But members would see that the Government had already provided in the Bill for what the hon. member sought. The amendment was put forward as a means to give votes to certain women, whereas, as a matter of fact, it would not give the vote to a single person to whom the clause did not give it. On the contrary, the amendment would take away the vote from persons on whom the Bill conferred it. In reality Mr. Glynn's proposal was not to confer the franchise, but to with- draw it from persons to whom the Bill would give it. The Government therefore asked the House to reject the amendment. Mr. GLYNN said that when on the hust- ings he had publicly declared his willing- ness to vote for an amendment giving the suffrage to women. This was part of his political profession, and he was going to try and give effect to it. Mr. SOLOMON said it seemed to him that the Treasurer did not want to give the wives of Legislative Council electors a vote unless he could at the same time confer an overwhelming vote on the wives of others in the community, which would neutralize to a great extent the vote of the first-named section. (The Treasurer—"Will the amendment give a vote to any one to whom the Bill will not give it?") No; but the Bill proposed to give an overwhelming vote to certain women who were not the wives of Legislative Council electors. If the Government were going to ex- tend the franchise to every adult married woman living with her husband, they would be giving five votes to women resident in the centres of population to every one conferred on wo- men in the country districts. (Mr. Bat- chelor—"I know that is not true." The Attorney-General—"Why did the Territory vote for the Bill?") Why did West Ade- laide vote against the Commonwealth Bill? (The Attorney-General—"Is that the policy of the new Government?") Never mind the policy of the new Government. Only last week members read of the defeat of Mr. Reid, a cleverer trickster than even the At- torney-General. He would therefore re- mind the Attorney - General of the old adage, "Never crow too loud till you are out of the wood." He would like the Go- vernment to tell them whether they in- tended to take the Bill and nothing but the Bill from that House? It would save a lot of time. Let members have a straight- forward answer as to what the Government intended. (The Treasurer—"We are going for the Bill as it stands.") And against every amendment? (The Treasurer— "Yes.") Then members knew where they were. Mr. CASTINE claimed to be unlike the Attorney - General, who opposed measures till he found they were popular, and then turned round and supported them. He had specially in mind Mr. Kingston's former at- titude on adult suffrage. (The Attorney- General—"You don't know anything about it.") It was the Attorney - General who did not know what he was saying. Last year he (the speaker) had advocated much the same thing as Mr. Glynn was advocat- ing now. He thought that members should command the support of the Ministry in carrying out his wishes. He believed that Mr. Glynn was voicing the general opinion of electors throughout the length and breadth of the land. Last year, when this Bill was under discussion, he (the speaker) said— "If he were returned next year and the Bill did not pass now he would endeavour to get it amended so that the present qualifica- tion should apply to husband and wife." Several others took the same stand, including, he believed, Mr. Solomon, whose attitude now was therefore a perfectly consistent one. It was a fair thing to give the married wo- men the vote. The Treasurer said they should take it by degrees, and it would be better for him to accept the amendment, which he was sure of getting. The Govern- ment knew by the division that they would not get the constitutional majority on the third reading. The CHAIRMAN—Order, the hon. mem- ber must confine himself to the clause. The question of the dissolution is not before the Committee. Mr. CASTINE—I am not discussing that. I have not come to that yet. The CHAIRMAN — The hon. member must confine himself to the clause. Mr. CASTINE always supported the Chair, but objected to be interfered with. The CHAIRMAN — The hon. member must address himself to the question. Mr. CASTINE said he was doing so, and was showing that the Government could not possibly carry the Bill without the amend- ment, but could do so with Mr. Glynn's addition. The PREMIER thought the attitude of the Government had been made clear. They were for the Bill, the whole Bill, and nothing but the Bill. He intended to stick to it to the bitter end. He was sorry he could not vote with Mr. Glynn. The Bill was introduced for the purpose of redress- ing a constitutional grievance, and giving the vote to those who were not able to pay a rent of 10s. a week. They proposed to re- dress that grievance by giving the vote to all householders. The amendment instead of redressing it added to it. It gave to him that had and took away from him who had had not the electoral disqualification of his wife. The amendment would double the electoral rights of the larger householder. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD said that the Treasurer had asked them to give the vote to the womanhood of the country. Those who were not prepared to go the whole length had a perfect right to say that they were going to redress an undoubted griev- ance. They were perfectly right in placing all the women whose husbands had a vote for the Legislative Council on the same equality with their husbands. The Govern- ment said they were going for nothing but the Bill. For what object? (The Attor- ney-General—"Getting it.") That was one object, but the principal object was to enable them to go to the Governor and ask for the dissolution of both Houses of the Legislature. Let the House make no mis- take about that. They would even refuse to take out the absurd ninth clause for the same ob- ject. The Premier would not deny it. It would be wise for hon. members to con- sider whether they could approve of that. They had just returned from their consti- tuents, and when they were returned from the dissolution they would be no ''for- warder." Mr. COPLEY thought they could discuss the whole subject on that clause, which contained the crux of the whole question. He did not think hon. members ought to be curtailed in their remarks. The CHAIRMAN—I have no wish to curtail the discussion. I wish to expedite business, and ask hon. members to confine themselves to the clause for that purpose. Mr. COPLEY said the Treasurer had wil- fully, and with malice aforethought, tried to misrepresent the Opposition in saying that they objected to give the vote for the Legislative Council to two-thirds of the people because they were unfit to have it. (The Treasurer—"That is the argument.") They agreed that they were intelligent and as well educated as those who had the right, but they had not the financial responsib- lity, and it was better that they should not have the vote. The Treasurer had tried to kill him at his election with the same thing. (The Attorney-General—"Any way, you won't trust them.") No; and he had given the reason. It would not be fair to put in the hands of those who had not the financial stake in the country the reponsi- bility of managing the finances. The Bill proposed to enfranchise practi- cally everybody. He believed that adult suffrage would be safer for some country districts than household suffrage. He ob- jected simply and solely on the financial aspect. He found that in the country dis- tricts those who had very little to pay were often ready to impose greater burdens. The larger their financial responsibility, the more likely were individuals to be careful and timid in advocating large expenditure. (Mr. Archibald—"Would you pay any rent at all?") They knew that was a state of things some hon. members desired to see. Mr. CALDWELL intended to support Mr. Glynn. The Hon. W. B. ROUNSEVELL, despite the Treasurer's assertions, contended that the arguments had been on the side of op- ponents of the Bill, whereas wild state- ments had been on the other side. It would be detrimental to the best interests of the country if the proposed extension were conferred. (Mr. MacGillivray—"How will you prove that?") He would prove it by reference to the management of District Council affairs. It was the taxation involved that was at the root of the whole matter. They were taking away the right of repre- sentation with regard to taxation. What did the Government do in their railways? Did they give the same amount of holi- days and privileges to all classes in the employ! Did they give the man earning six or seven shillings a day the same holi- day as they did the officers? The Trea- surer's statement that the opponents of the measure had been guilty of disgraceful con- duct was most improper. People in the country were only now beginning to un- derstand the crux of the matter. If the franchise was extended in the manner sug- gested they were going to give the non- contributing taxpayer equal right with the taxpayer. The matter was unfairly placed before his constituents, and he had since received communications from them thank- ing him and other members for having brought the matter so clearly before the House, and stating that, although they voted for the extension of the franchise, they were now prepared, if they had an op- portunity, to record quite a different vote. Amendment negatived. Mr. GLYNN called for a division, which resulted as follows:— Ayes, 33.—Messrs. Archibald, Batchelor, Blacker, Brooker, Burgoyne, Butler, Car- penter, Coneybeer, Cummins, Dumas, Fos- ter, Grainger, Hooper, Hourigan, Hutchi- son, Jenkins, Kingston, Livingston, Mac- Gillivray, McKenzie, McLachlan, Miller, Morris, O'Loughlin, Paech, Peake, Poyn- ton, Price, Roberts, Scherk, Shannon, Wood, and Holder (teller). Noes, 20.—Sir Jenkin Coles, Messrs. Cald- well, Castine, Copley, Darling, Sir John Downer, Duncan, Gilbert, Giles, Griffiths, Hague, Handyside, Homburg, McDonald, Playford, Rounsevell, Solomon, Tucker, von Doussa, and Glynn (teller). Majority of 13 for the Ayes. Clause as printed passed. Clause 2— "Definition." Mr. SHANNON said he would like to amend the clause by striking out all the words after "house" and inserting the words "clear annual value of £15." For the hon. members who had voted on the last question it was just the thing they wanted. It would enfranchise the women of the country. The TREASURER said that they had got the opinion of the majority of their constituents in reference to the Household Suffrage Bill, and they had no warrant for believing that they desired the amendment. They had declared themselves in favour of the Bill, and he thought they would be best carrying out their wishes by passing the clause as it stood. Mr. BURGOYNE said that last session he introduced a similar amendment, and he had for a number of years past tried to obtain an extension of the basis of repre- sentation for the Legislative Council. The £15 franchise was fairly understood by the country people, and he would go further, and say that it was fairly appreciated by them. A large number of the electors of the Council had been in favour of an extension in the franchise something like on the grounds proposed. They should attempt to do something that was practicable, instead of reaching out for what was entirely out of reach and getting nothing at all. It was better to do that than to waste time in discussing a proposal which was not feasible at the present time. In saying that the Government would have the whole Bill and nothing but the Bill the Premier was not moving one step to- wards obtaining the result they desired, but was putting the whole thing off indefinitely. Mr. HOMBURG would vote for the amendment, but wished to make his posi- tion clear. He was opposed to every reduc- tion in the franchise, and made that per- fectly clear on the second reading; but when two alternatives were before the Committee—household suffrage or £15—it was his duty to keep the franchise as high as he possibly could. In no other circum- stance's than that was he prepared to vote for the amendment, and he could justify his action with his constituents who return- ed him to oppose household suffrage. He did not vote in favour of the amendment with a view of encouraging the Council to send the Bill back with an agreement to £15, because his desire was to see the mea- sure rejected completely. Mr. GRAINGER said if the amendment were carried he would vote against the Bill. He had always opposed a £15 franchise, and was opposed to it now. It would be a very material alteration in the Bill, because if the words "or part of a house kept as a separate dwelling" were struck out, no mat- ter how big a house might be, only one man would have a vote for it. There might be a house divided into practically two parts, of a value of £50 each, but only one man would be able to vote in respect of that house. He would give the Bill his strenuous opposition if there was to be a reduction in the qualification to only £15. Mr. McDONALD said that when he was before his constituents he stated that he was prepared to make no sacrifice in respect to the franchise, but he promised to sup- port what Mr. Glynn moved—giving the wife the same privilege as the husband. He was against household suffrage, and would sup- port Mr. Shannon's amendment as being the lesser of the two evils. Before the Bill could come into operation most of the members of the present Government would have left South Australia, and would care no more for it than the paper on which the Bill was printed. It was not a matter of the country, but a matter of satisfying the Government and enabling them to retain their power on the Treasury benches, to dictate to the Upper House, and to do something for the purpose of crushing them. Mr. MILLER agreed to the £15 fran- chise with a double vote, but would give his vote against it. Members might laugh, but he opposed the amendment because it would deprive the Government of their constitutional right to a dissolution, which, in his opinion, was the only thing that would obtain for them any reduction at all. He believed the country outside would vote for £15, and if the Council were wise they would make the amendment in the Bill themselves or else go to the country. Mr. BROOKER opposed the amendment because opposite to his house were the heads of two families neither of whom would be able to vote under the amend- ment. They were straightforward and honest, and were struggling against poverty. Mr. PRICE would oppose the amendment because of the miners of Kadina and Moonta, who had good homes, who, as they paid no rent, would not have a vote if the amendment were carried. The Hon. Sir JOHN DOWNER under- stood the Government would have the sup- port of some members, not upon the merits of the case, but to enable the Government to have the power of forcing the other House on a question in which those mem- bers did not believe. If the Bill was a good one, let them have it, but if the Bill, in the opinion of those members, was a bad one, he did not think they should vote for the Government simply to produce a gene- ral crisis and chaos in political matters for a time. He had listened to the speech of Mr. Homburg, who had taken up a logical position, and had pointed out that although he did not want an alteration of the Consti- tution he would minimise the evil as much as possible. That example might have been followed by members who refused to follow their own convictions, because pressure could not then be brought to bear on the other Chamber. He regarded the whole thing as a bluff. All sorts of fallacious argu- ments, such as the Treasurer had used, had been used, and appeals made to the preju- dices of the people. When the Treasurer stated that the opponents told their consti- tuents that they were not fit to have a vote for the Legislative Council that member knew that had no bearing on the question, but that the whole question was whether they should have two Houses, and if so what should be the difference between them. The question might have been argued in a high, calm tone, almost judicial in its character, and apart from sophistry, and appealing to the prejudices of the people, such as the Treasurer did at Gawler. It was unworthy of a Minister of such great eminence as the Treasurer to use arguments so utterly beneath what his intellect could rise to. They had never discussed the ques- tion whether a man without a penny might not be able to discuss any question in the world, but they were discussing whether they should have a bicameral sys- tem, and the Treasurer's whole argument throughout was that there was no necessity for two Houses. (The Treasurer—"I have never taken that position any more than I did in the Federal Convention.") Mr. Holder had said that he wanted to have a House which would do as the majority of the people wanted. All his argument was in favour of one House. The TREASURER would not have spoken but for the remarks of the last speaker. At no time had he advocated doing away with the bicameral system. He believed in it, but he did not believe in the work of one Chamber, which represented the whole people, being revised by a Cham- ber which only represented one- third of the people. In regard to the logical result of the Bill being the abolition of one House, why did not Sir John put that forward in the Federal Convention? Sir John Downer's argument was absurd. The Bill aimed at the abolition of a second Chamber which had the power of thwarting the will of the people, and at the same time sought to set up a second Chamber which should be a revising Chamber, able to ac- complish the perfecting of the will of the whole people. Sir John Downer said that he (the speaker) ought not to have gone into his district. Ought the gentlemen who invited him to have consulted the hon. member first and obtained his permission? (Sir John Downer—"I should not have gone into your district if I had been invited.") While men were on the hustings they were candidates for a given district, but so soon as they were elected they were members of the Parliament of South Australia, and as such were returned to legislate for the whole colony. When, therefore, the electors of any portion of the colony were anxious to hear his views, whether he was in the House or out of it, he was only too plea- sed if possible to meet their wishes. Sir JOHN DOWNER said the Treasurer desired the Upper House to be a revising Chamber that would not resist the will of the people. The Upper House was not to resist the will of the people as expressed in the House of Assembly—in other words, when the people through the House of As- sembly said something had to be done the other Chamber had to do it. Nothing could show the absolute farce to which the Treasurer wished to reduce the second Chamber better than the few calm and well-considered remarks which Mr. Holder had just made, in which he showed his hand so completely that it was manifest the Government intended to deprive the Upper House of any real power. Mr. McKENZIE thought the amendment was moved with the intention of killing the Bill. When on the hustings he went entirely for this Bill, and a majority of his constituents had proved that they fa- voured it. He considered that he was only carrying out their wishes in supporting it. A double dissolution would affect him as much as any member of the House, be- cause he was one of the representatives of one of the largest districts, and having only recently returned from a very extensive trip he had no desire to be turned adrift again. But whatever happened—if there was a triple dissolution—he intended to support the Bill in its entirety. Nothing but the Bill, and the whole Bill, would suit him. He intended to support household suffrage pure and simple. Mr. WOOD did not intend at the present time to support the amendment. The Go- vernment had said they would have the Bill and nothing but the Bill. Therefore the Ministry were dictating to the House by saying in effect "You must pass this Bill as it is or you must go about your business." He wanted the Bill if he could get a reduction of the franchise, he was pre- pared to accept that in preference to no- thing. If the Bill came back from the Le- gislative Council in an amended form with the £15 qualification inserted in it, he would support it rather than get nothing. He was an Independent, and would be justi- fied, if he could not get the whole loaf, in taking what he could get. Mr. PAECH said that speaking on the second reading he made it perfectly clear that he was against household suffrage and against the £15 franchi.se. The Govern- ment having threatened to adopt every constitutional means to carry the Bill he was justified in using every constitutional means to destroy it. He would therefore support the amendment. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD said that when before his constituents he promised to go for the £15 franchise. He believed a lower- ing of the franchise was advisable and necessary. No greater mistake was ever made by another branch of the Legislature than in refusing to pass the Bill which the Government introduced some years back. On two occasions the Legislative Council was asked to adopt the £15 franchise, and on both occasions that body wrecked the Bill. The amendment was a very fair com- promise indeed. It was a step in the di- rection which the Government wanted to go, and was indeed one which the Govern- ment themselves a few years ago strongly supported. Property in South Australia had depreciated in value. People who a few years ago were paying a rental of 10s. a week were not paying that now for the same houses. He favoured the £15 fran- chise in consequence of the lowering of the value of property, and because it was not fair that the wife of a specially rich man should get a vote for the Legislative Council while the wife of another Legislative Council elector failed to enjoy the same privilege. The Treasurer's arguments all through the piece cut against his own Bill. Mr. Holder asked, How could they look a man in the face and say that he was not fit for the franchise? But the Treasurer did not say that the Bill said to one-third of the people that they were not fit for the franchise be- cause they were not householders! It was only a question of degree after all. The logical position of the Government was adult suffrage. That meant one of two things. Either the Council would be a reflex of the Assembly or it would be too strong for it. If a reflex, then the second Chamber was useless and involved a waste of money. (Mr. Poynton—"Doesn't that apply to the Federal Parliament?") No; because they had other ways of curing the trouble. He did not believe in the system adopted in regard to the elections for the Federal Parliament, but so long as they kept the election to one district they had a better chance of getting the views of the people as a whole than by dividing the colony into districts. In Cape Town a few days ago they saw the Legislative Council altering money Bills and the Estimates of revenue and expenditure, and both Houses there were elected on the same franchise. (The Attorney-General—"Then they don't always agree?") All the worse for the Assembly, which the Premier wanted to be the strong Chamber. If they wanted the Legislative Council they should have a body which would give measures proper consider- ation and give way to the ultimate wish of the people. The CHAIRMAN—I ask the hon. mem- ber to confine his remarks to the clause be- fore us. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD would have done so had other members done the same. (Sir John Downer—"The whole question is raised by the amendment.") He thought it was. The Legislative Council should have the power to reject measures for a time. The old members of the Council said it was their duty to give way to the expressed will of the people. Very soon they would have to alter their Constitution, when they became a dependent State with exceedingly limited powers of legislation, and the people might say they wanted a totally different system to that now in force. In Switzer- land they had one Chamber with a referen- dum. Since 1884 twenty measures had been submitted to the referendum, and only five had been accepted. When federation was accomplished he would recommend the people to accept that system. (Mr. Price— "Then I will follow you.") The simpler they made the machinery the better. Mr. CARPENTER thought Mr. Playford must have done violence to his convictions in having voted against the Bill. The will of the people had been expressed, and he should see that it was given effect to. But, for all the hon. member's professed radical principles, they had to remember that the hon. member was voting against the Bill. Mr. Playford, to be consistent with his statement that the towns had the ne'er-do-wells and the roughs and vaga- bonds, should vote against the amendment. He intended to vote against the amend- ment. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL was de- lighted with the observations of Mr. Play- ford. It was amusing, in view of the hon. member's vote on the Bill, to notice the cheering by the Opposition when that member spoke. In 1885 the assessed unim- proved value of the land of the colony amounted to 45 millions; to-day it was only 27 millions, a fall of 18 millions, or of 8s. in the pound. To hold that depreciation in value owing to circumstances over which they had no control was sufficient to sub- ject these people who had been disfranchis- ed to a double loss of electoral rights was to contend for an injustice, and it was im- possible to accept it. Those people were as good as they were years ago. Mr. Play- ford had said he favoured the referendum; yet it was highly amusing to find the hon. member sneering at clause 9. Let the hon. member give practical proof of his sup- port of the referendum on clause 9. The hon. member had put it that the attitude of the Upper House was to give way to the expressed will of the people. (Hon. T. Playford—"That is the expressed Eng- lish Constitution.") Yes; and it was for constitutional freedom, and that was what he claimed here. Let the hon. member apply the principle for which he contended to the consideration of the present case. Had the will of the people not been ascer- tained? (Hon. T. Playford—"No.") Then let it be, under the provisions of this Bill. Had not the will of the people been unmis- takably expressed by the referendum? Mr. Playford admitted that the people should rule. The hon. member disputed the last referendum; then let them take another and would the hon. member abide by it? (Hon. T. Playford—"If a certain number of people ask for it.") How many? (Hon. T. Playford — "Well, say 10,000.") Well, 50,000 had asked for it. (Hon. T. Playford—"What you have got to put to them now is when shall the Bill be operative after fe- deration.") With all the added force gathered from the hon. member's ob- servations, it was impossible but to con- clude that the reform should be established at the earliest opportunity. Whilst they increased the power of the Legislative Council, they increased it for good, and they diminished the possibility for mischief. It was in those circumstances that they contended for the passing of the Bill as it was. Mr. FOSTER regretted that he could not support the amendment. (Hon. W. B. Rounsevell—"Have you twisted round again?") No. He had always advocated the £15, but believed in the referendum, and pledged himself at the elections that if his constituents went for the Bill he should carry out that mandate, but if they went against it he would oppose it. If the referendum had any value at all it should be adhered to. Mr. Playford had given forcible arguments in favour of libe- ralizing the franchise. (Mr. Grainger— "Were you not running round lately for £15 franchise.") Yes. He hoped the Coun- cil would put that in. Hon. mem- bers must know that there was not the ghost of a chance of getting household suffrage through both Houses. It would be a reasonable and graceful thing, the Council having more than once refused liberalism at all, for the Conser- vatives to get up and propose concessions such as a good many there and a greater number outside had requested. He did not know what would he the attitude of the Government if the Legislative Council sent the measure back with the £15 franchise, but any democrat who, seeing that he had no possibility of getting what he asked for, refused to take a substantial instalment of reform was not a democrat. The outra- geous attitude of conservatism adopted by some members would not be long tolerated. The Conservatives of England were a great deal more liberal than the Conservatives of South Australia. Although a £15 man he would fifty times far sooner have house- hold suffrage than the present franchise. Mr. LIVINGSTON said that the people had spoken out plainly, and they should stick to that decision. They should send the Bill on to the Legislative Council, and if they did not pass it—well, they knew what they did when a servant disobeyed in the country, sack him. He did not think there was any need for both Houses to go to the country, as the people had already spoken with regard to the Assembly. Mr. GLYNN asked, with the assimilation of the two Houses, where would Minis- terial responsibility be? The moment they abolished the distinction which at present existed between the two Houses they gave equal rights and a division of Ministerial responsibility. The Council would have a right to control Supply, share in Ministerial responsibilities, introduce Bills, object to the other House, introduce a policy, and then, perhaps, turn the tables on that House. It would give an opportunity for shuffling. They might begin upstairs or downstairs, or stop between the two. In France, when the suffrages of the two Houses were assimilated, there was practi- cally an equal share of Ministerial respon- sibility. There was a certain proportion of Ministers in each House, and they had the right to address either House. That was only a logical corollary to the assimila- tion of the suffrages. The same logical re- sult had occurred in Switzerland. It was impossible to conjoin equal representation with the principle of property representa- tion. In adopting this principle of equa- lity they would be called upon to consider the question of Ministerial responsibility being shared by the two Houses. Mr. COPLEY said that household suf- frage had only been made a question by politicians. He did not agree that the change was justified by a fall in land values. Country lands had increased in value since the Constitution was framed. There had been a fall in town boom values, and in the outside districts, which unfortunate expe- rience had proved to be of uncertain rain- fall, but in the latter case it had resulted in larger areas being taken up. He would vote with his colleague, but not because he was in love with the £15 franchise. It would give a vote to pretty well every man and woman in the city and larger and more prosperous centres of population, be- cause of the rental of 6s. a week, but it would not do the same for the people in the country. It was amusing to hear Mr. Livingston, a new member, talk of the waste of time. Some members thought that they were doing no good unless they were passing Acts of Parliament, but the beneficial work of members sometimes lay in what was resisted more than in what was accomplished. Mr. CONEYBEER hoped members would be careful in voting on the subject of a £15 franchise. He admitted that such a franchise would benefit the city and subur- ban people more than the country people, but he wanted the reform in the interests of the whole people. Through the depreci- ation in values thousands of people had been deprived of their votes. Members said the names were still on the roll, but did they know whether the people voted? He knew instances where people's names were still on the roll, but who did not vote because they had not the qualification. He could quote instances where property had depreciated. In one case a property sold six years ago for £550 last week was sold for £375, and another one which some years ago realized £7,000 was sold the other day for £3,500. The amendment would not benefit the miners of Moonta. He was for the Bill and against any amendment which would hamper it. Mr. DARLING said it was not long since the Premier advocated that there should be a property qualification for the Legislative Council, and that £15 should be the amount. The reason Mr. Kingston gave then was that land values had gone down. The Premier soon found that that position was untenable. They were dealing with a Constitution granted an 1855, and they had to take the land value of that time if they wished to make any comparison. The land values now were considerably more than they were in 1855. When the Treasurer spoke about the opponents saying the other people were not intelligent enough to have the vote Mr. Holder knew it was dragging a red herring across the track. When the first suggestion was made for a £15 fran- chise there was no suggestion for a double vote, but it was found that under that they could not pack the Legislative Council to pass all the measures which the Kingsto- nian and Trades Hall Party wanted. The Treasurer was nice when he put the point that they did not want to take the vote away from any one, but if they added 100,000 voters to the Legislative Council the present voters would be outvoted, and their votes practically taken away. The Trea- surer argued that they did not trust the people. There was a certain amount of re- sponsibility, and they could not find a Con- stitution in which there was fairness, equity, or justice in which there was taxa- tion, unless they gave property representa- tion. He recognised life had the first claim, but property paid as well as life. He had always supported women's suffrage, but he had not changed his opinion on the mat- ter like the Premier had done. The Treasurer set himself up as the cham- pion of the wives of the Legislative Coun- cil voters, but when asked to give his vote in that direction he voted the other way. So much for the champion of the rights of those who did not desire his championship. Some country members were anxious that the Bill should pass as the Government de- sired it, so that they might throw the re- sponsibility on the Upper House of either rejecting it or amending it to the £15 fran- chise. Then the Bill would come back to the House of Assembly, and the Opposition would be dished very nicely indeed. He merely desired to maintain the Constitu- tion. He would not by his vote be a party to saddling the other Chamber with a re- sponsibility which he was not prepared to accept himself. He hoped the Legislative Council would not deviate one inch from the course which was clearly before it. He hoped it would accept no compromise on the Bill. The Government had challenged both Houses of the Legislature and the people, and he hoped the Legislative Coun- cil would adopt the manly course and fight this matter to the bitter end. History re- peated itself. It was not long since they had a "Yes—No" statesman in Sydney, and a few days ago they witnessed a similar at- titude struck by the Attorney- General. Coming events cast their shadows before, and he would not be surprised, should the Government persist in fighting this matter, to find them removed from the Treasury benches. (Mr. Batchelor—"Would not you be pleased?") He would consider he had rendered a great service to his country in assisting to remove those who for six years had usurped the rights of the people of South Australia. He would support the striking out of the words in question. The Hon. W. B. ROUNSEVELL agreed that the Legislative Council had no right to resist the expressed will of the people, but claimed that the House of Assembly had no right to whittle away the privileges of the Council or to coerce its members unconstitutionally. The Government were endeavouring to coerce the Legislative Council to accept a measure not acceptable to them or their electors. With regard to referendums they would have to introduce a special Act for that purpose. If it had been desired to take the will of the people on the franchise it would have been put to the electors alone instead of being mixed up with the election of members for the Assembly. Many people voted without knowing the absolute result of their votes. As Mr. Playford said, with both Houses elected on the same basis the Council would be simply a reflex of the Assembly. (Mr. Hutchison—"Would it not be a check on hasty legislation?'') That was what it was now. At 6.30 p.m. the sitting of the House was suspended until 7.30 p.m. On resuming. The Hon. W. B. ROUNSEVELL said this was not a matter of sentiment. The humanity vote was recognised in the As- sembly, and the qualification for the Legis- lative Council now was an indication, small though it might be, of a man's stake in the country. Mr. Foster was s strenuous advo- cate for £15, and that afternoon they saw him swallowing to a great extent his con- victions. He objected to Mr. Foster assum- ing the position of ticketing him and others as Conservatives, thereby implying that he and others opposing that Bill were opposed to all reform. He claimed for himself and others a sympathy with liberal measures. He was not fossilized, and his sympathies were with the great body of the workers. But he opposed giving considerable power to an irresponsible portion of the com- munity. He wanted reformation, not re- volution. He would support the amend- ment. Mr. PEAKE opposed it. He recognised the honesty of purpose of the mover, and Mr. McLachlan and Mr. Blacker. But he did not recognise the so-called honesty of a good many members who were going to sup- port them. He looked upon them as pro- nounced wreckers of the Bill. The consti- tutional question was involved in the amendment. Mr. Playford said that the Council should bow to the unmistakably expressed will of the people. Was it not unmistakable when their constituents re- turned them pledged to that measure for two sessions? (Hon. T. Playford—"You were not returned twice pledged to house- hold suffrage.") If they voted ahead of the opinions of their constituents of three years ago their position was confirmed by the last election, and was made stronger. He trusted that hon. members represent- ing country districts would take good heed of the advice of Mr. Copley that a £15 franchise would be infinitely worse for the country districts than a household fran- chise would be. The only way in which he could support a £15 franchise would be in the event of its being returned from the Council, for he would then consider whe- ther it would not be best to accept it as a compromise for the time rather than see the turmoil and riot that were predicted. But at present he supported the Bill as it stood. Mr. POYNTON moved—"That the Com- mittee do now divide." This was declared carried. Mr. SOLOMON called for a di- vision, which resulted as follows: — Ayes, 11.—Messrs. Archibald, Batchelor, Hooper, Hourigan, Hutchison, MacGilliv- ray, McLachlan, Peake, Roberts, Scherk, and Poynton (teller). Noes, 35.—Messrs. Blacker, Brooker, Butler, Caldwell, Carpenter, Castine, Cop- ley, Darling, Sir John Downer, Dumas, Duncan, Foster, Gilbert, Giles, Grainger, Griffiths, Hague, Handyside, Holder, Hom- burg, Jenkins, Kingston, Livingston, Mc- Donald, McKenzie, Morris, O'Loughlin, Paech, Playford, Rounsevell, Shannon, Tucker, Von Doussa, Wood, and Solomon (teller). Majority of 24 for the Noes. Mr. SOLOMON said it had been argued that those who wished to strike out the words proposed by the amendment had not suggested the insertion of any others in their place. But, even supposing that it was desirable to give household franchise, the words "any house or part of a house" went a great deal further than appeared. Part of a house might mean a single room. The clause might be strained to mean virtu- ally a lodger franchise. He asked the hon. member who endeavoured to put on the closure whether such tactics were proper. Because some hon. members wanted to get away to some other function, was that a reason why they should take a division earlier? (Mr. Roberts—"That is a very dange- rous statement for you; you ought not to make it.") That was the only conclusion he could come to. Hon. members had re- turned that evening with the knowledge that they would devote themselves to the Bill. If every occupier of a part of a house were to have the vote, where was the thing going to stop? He put it to the legal members to say whether a man and his wife occupying a room in a lodging-house, and sharing another room in which they had their meals, were not entitled as the clause stood to the full benefits of the Bill. He asked the hon. member whether that was his intention ? Would he go further and make it a lodger franchise? He was going to support the striking out of the words, and even if he knew that the Bill would be accepted by both Houses he would still say that it was going too far to give lodger fran- chise. He believed that a man and wife occupying a bedroom and another room in which to have their meals would be entitled to vote, whether they paid weekly, month- ly, or quarterly. It was a point worthy of consideration. If on no other grounds he would ask them to strike out the words for the reason that he believed that it went a great deal further than household suffrage was intended to. Mr. HUTCHISON did not admire the ar- guments of Mr. Darling, who had spoken of the 102,000 to be enfranchised going to out- vote the 47,000. Was it the desire of the 102,000 to do the 47,000 an injury? He could not understand a member like Mr. Foster advocating a £15 franchise. That hon. member was practicably returned unoppo- sed, and his district had voted in favour of household suffrage, and yet Mr. Foster did not know exactly his position. The party to which he (the speaker) belonged asked for nothing that they were not prepared to give to every householder throughout the colony. He did not think he was far wrong if he stated that Mr. Solomon was opposed to any extension. Mr. Copley had admit- ted that there were a great many names on the roll that ought not to be there, and he must also admit that those people at some time had the necessary qualification. If they were worthy of a vote then surely they were now. Still, the hon. member said that they were not fit, or that he would not trust them. He hoped the Government would stick to the position. All Mr. Dar- ling desired was to destroy the Bill if pos- sible and ignore the voice of his constitu- ents. (Mr. Darling—"I told my constitu- ents plainly what I was going to do.") Mr. GILES said the Opposition could not be accused of wasting time. They had sat still and listened to the Attorney-General and Treasurer misrepresenting them. This was the most important measure of the Government. It kept up a party warfare, and thereby helped to keep the Govern- ment in office. He agreed with the Hon. T. Playford that they should leave things alone at present. Supposing the Bill were carried by a large majority would the Trea- surer say that the Council ought to pass it? (The Treasurer—"Yes; I would.") The Treasurer would admit that the members of the Council ought only to do what their constituents said. They were bound alone to them, and not to the whole of the con- stituents of the colony. He thought adult suffrage was better than household suffrage. When they considered the alteration in their system then would be the time to go for, possibly, adult suffrage. He had told his constituents he would not go for household suffrage, and would not go for it. He was not like the Premier, who told his constituents he would not vote for women's suffrage, and yet voted for it. Nearly all the lessees and blockers had the sufficient qualification, and nearly all the farmers had sufficient property to put their wives on the roll, but there was apathy in the country in regard to the matter. The people with property would have to pay more taxation in the future, and they should have more representation than the people who did not have to pay so much. Mr. VON DOUSSA said the clause was of vital importance. He looked upon the ques- tion of the reduction of the franchise as en- tirely a politician's question, and if asked what politicians, he would say "Those upon the Treasury Benches with the Labour Party behind them." There had been no agitation either in the city or the country for this alleged reform. It had been urged by some members that the franchise for the Legislative Council ought to be lowered be- cause of the depreciation in the value of property. But were they to alter the fran- chise every time there was a depreciation in the value of property? Property values ne- cessarily were subject to fluctuation, but this matter would automatically adjust it- self in a very little time. He was surprised at Mr. Foster and Mr. Burgoyne advocat- ing a £15 franchise and then concluding their speeches by a declaration of their intention to vote for the Bill. Why had they not the courage of their convictions? He would vote for striking out the words in question, and was quite content to let to-morrow take care of itself. Mr. ROBERTS said the object of oppo- nents of the Bill was to secure the adop- tion of an amendment at any cost so as to justify the Legislative Council in rejecting it without any risk of a dissolution or of their numbers being increased by eight. Mr. Solomon had occupied half an hour in saying nothing and Mr. Giles a similar period. Would Mr. Darling support the £15 franchise? (Mr. Darling—'"No," and Mr. Solomon—"Neither will the Opposi- tion.") He asked Mr. Shannon to withdraw the amendment, as the Opposition were intent upon striking out the words proposed, without the remotest idea of inserting anything in their stead. He would vote against the amendment, as it was an absurd one. The £15 franchise would be a clear advantage to the city over the country. Three members of the Oppo- sition had put that position. Mr. McDONALD was glad they had found Mr. Roberts in a fixed position at last. Mr. Reid in New South Wales as a Yes-No man could not hold the candle to Mr. Roberts. The Opposition was not frightened of the dissolution. He appealed to Mr. Foster and Mr. Peake, and other members of the Country Party that they were not fair to the Legislative Council. They were in favour of £15, and still would vote against it simply to force the hands of the Legislative Council. The Government wan- ted the power to dictate to the Council. Mr. SHANNON was sorry that the pro- cedure of the Committee prevented his going straight for the £15 without having to strike out some words. The CHAIRMAN—The practice of Par- liament is to strike out words before other words are put in. I am putting it to the Committee that the words proposed to be struck out stand. Mr. SHANNON said if the words were put in first they would know where they were. He was sorry that the Opposition were only supporting him in striking out the words. If they were manly politicians they would say straight out what they would vote for. (Mr. Solomon—"We are going to support you so long as your views coincide with ours.") His views were for the £15. Mr. FOSTER said reference had been made to the Country Party. Each member of that party was going to act according to the individual promises to their constitu- encies. He was sorry that the members of the Opposition were going to make use of the amendment for their own pur- poses. Which was the more honourable— to say straight out, as every member of the Country Party had done, what he was going to vote for, or to support Mr. Shan- non so far as the striking out of the words was concerned, and go no further? The ATTORNEY-GENERAL asked if it would not be competent, supposing they rejected the amendment, to add at the end of the clause "and being of the clear an- nual value of £15 sterling money?" The effect of that amendment would be to raise in a positive and direct shape the question as to whether the votes could only be con- ferred in respect of a separate dwelling of the clear annual value of £15. He sug- gested to Mr. Shannon to move the amend- ment in that shape, because the hon. mem- ber must see at present that an alliance was attempted to be formed for the pur- pose of wrecking and mutilating the Bill. The hon. member's object was to see some- thing put in the place of the words pro- posed to be struck out; and the object of the Opposition was to put nothing there. Mr. GRAINGER said when Mr. Shan- non brought up his amendment to him when acting as Chairman he (the speaker) had suggested that the best way would be to add the words at the end of the clause. The hon. member explained to him that he was not in favour of two persons in the one dwelling having the vote. He then advised him to move the amendment in the way he had, otherwise the clause would read non- sense. He followed the usual Parliamentary practice. Now that the hon. member had changed his mind, could he assure himself of the Premier's support if he moved the amendment which the Premier suggested? The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said that the Government were not in favour of the £15, and did not intend to support it. They had merely suggested a way by which an hon. member who did not want to be made a fool of could achieve his purpose. The CHAIRMAN—The hon. member for Wallaroo was quite right. The hon. mem- ber had followed the usual Parliamentary practice. The hon. member for Yorke's Peninsula could withdraw his amendment if he obtained the permission of the Com- mittee to do so. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD did not think the mover of the amendment could com- plain if certain members went so far with him, although they might not be able to go the whole length that he desired. Mr. SOLOMON said it was time the Op- position had a word or two after the tirade of disappointment and apparent indigna- tion on the part of Mr. Shannon. It now turned out that that hon. member not only wanted to reduce the franchise to £15, but that he wanted to do precisely what the Opposition tried to do last year—to strike out the lodger franchise and the possibility of the multiplication of votes. The hon. member asked them to vote straight out and manly; let the hon. member now stick to his clause. The hon. member knew per- fectly well the attitude of the Opposition —knew it a week ago. The members of his partycould not deny it. (Commissioner of Public Works—"They had a meeting to- night, didn't they?") The suggestion that the Opposition only made up their minds was entirely incorrect. The Chairman of the Country Party knew the attitude of the Opposition a week ago. Mr. COPLEY counselled his colleague that he would be making a mistake if he withdrew his amendment. The hon. mem- ber might be allowing himself to be made use of in a very awkward way. (Mr. Fos- ter—"By whom?") By the Government. He objected to the statement that the Oppo- sition were trying to make use of the hon. member. The Opposition policy on the sub- ject was agreed to before that day. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD said he was told at 3 o'clock that afternoon what the Opposition proposed to do, so that the sug- gestion that they only made up their minds that evening fell to the ground. He could not compliment the Opposition upon their tac- tics on the present occasion. Mr. SHANNON desired to know what all the bluster was about. He did not go round asking how members were going to vote; he gave them credit for being honest politicians. When a motion was before the House they should have courage to vote for or against it. He had only known since tea what action the Opposition proposed to take, but judging from the remarks of the majority of those who had spoken on that side, he thought there was a chance of their voting for the £15 franchise. Mr. Darling was the only member who had stated distinctly the way in which he proposed to go. He understood that Mr. McDonald was going to support the striking out. (Mr. Solomon —"Your Chairman must have kept you a long time in the dark.") He knew the posi- tion he was in, and the amendment he wished to make. He was quite satisfied that the Opposition were getting boxed. (Mr. Copley—"You are being made a mon- key to pull the chestnuts out of the fire.") It was a downright shame to say that, and he was ashamed of his colleague for making such an interjection from the floor of that House. Mr. Copley had known him inti- mately for three years and could not say that any one could make a tool of him. (Mr. Copley—"It is quite true what I said.") He denied it emphatically. He threw back the statement at Mr. Copley with scorn and contempt. Mr. PAECH did not think Mr. Shannon had done himself justice, for he had got a little bit boxed. He (the speaker) thought the Opposition had made themselves per- fectly clear. He was quite willing to strike out the words, and if Mr. Shannon wished it he would go still further and assist him in striking out every word of the Bill. The Treasurer and the ex-Treasurer had done more harm than all put together in talking about the fall of the rental values. Mr. COPLEY was sorry his colleague should have got so cross at his interjec- tion. (Mr. Shannon—"You had no right to say what you did.") He was not going to withdraw one solitary word. The hon. member for Gumeracha had spoken sarcas- tically of what he called the tactics of the Opposition, but there had been no tactics at all. The position of the Opposition was plain enough. Mr. GRAINGER moved—"That the Committee do now divide." Carried. The question was put—"That the words proposed to be struck out stand." This was declared carried. Mr. SHANNON called for a division, which resulted as fol- lows:— Ayes, 25.—Messrs. Archibald, Batchelor, Brooker, Butler, Carpenter, Dumas, Foster, Grainger, Hooper, Hourigan, Hutchison, Jenkins, Kingston, Livingston, MacGilli- vray, McKenzie, Morris, O'Loughlin, Peake, Poynton, Price, Roberts, Scherk, Wood, and Holder (teller). Noes, 21.—Messrs. Blacker, Caldwell, Copley, Sir Jenkin Coles, Darling, Sir John Downer, Duncan, Gilbert, Giles, Hague, Handyside, Homburg, McDonald, McLach- lan, Paech, Playford, Rounsevell, Solomon, Tucker, Von Doussa, and Shannon (teller). Majority of 4 for the Ayes. Pairs.—For—Messrs. Miller, Cummins, and Coneybeer. Noes — Messrs. Burgoyne, Glynn, and Castine. Mr. SHANNON moved to insert at the end of the clause the words "being of a clear annual rental of £15." The amendment was declared negatived. Mr. SHANNON called for a division, which resulted as follows: — Ayes, 6.—Messrs. Blacker, Homburg, Mc- Donald, McLachlan, Playford, and Shannon (teller). Noes, 39.—Messrs. Archibald, Batchelor, Brooker, Butler, Caldwell, Carpenter, Coneybeer, Copley, Sir Jenkin Coles, Mr. Darling, Sir John Downer, Messrs. Dumas, Duncan, Foster, Gilbert, Giles, Grainger, Hague, Hooper, Hourigan, Hut- chison, Jenkins, Kingston, Living- ston, MacGillivray, McKenzie, Mor- ris, O'Loughlin, Paech, Peake, Price, Roberts, Rounsevell, Scherk, Solomon, Tucker, Von Doussa, Wood, and Holder (teller). Majority of 33 for the Noes. Pairs.—For—Messrs. Burgoyne, Glynn, and Griffiths. Noes—Messrs. Miller, Cum- mins, and Coneybeer. The clause was declared carried. Mr. GILES called for a division, which resulted as follows: — Ayes, 26.—Messrs. Archibald, Batchelor, Brooker, Butler, Carpenter, Coneybeer, Dumas, Foster, Grainger, Hooper, Houri- gan, Hutchison, Jenkins, Kingston, Living- ston, MacGillivray, McKenzie, Morris, O'Loughlin, Peake, Poynton, Price, Ro- berts, Scherk, Wood, and Holder (teller). Noes, 22.—Messrs. Blacker, Caldwell, Cas- tine, Sir Jenkin Coles, Messrs. Copley, Dar- ling, Sir John Downer, Messrs. Duncan, Gilbert, Hague, Handyside, Homburg, Mc- Donald, McLachlan, Paech, Playford, Rounsevell, Shannon, Solomon, Tucker, Von Doussa, and Giles (teller). Majority of 4 for the Ayes. Pairs.—Ayes—Messrs. Miller and Cum- mins. Noes.—Messrs. Burgoyne and Glynn. Progress reported. Committee to sit again on Tuesday, September 19. 