BY MRS MAY AGNES FLEMING. Author ol “The Star of De Vere."“Wed, Ye . No Wife,” “Lord Rory,” “A Woman’* L Hand.” “a Wonderful Woman.” l'-- “Norine.” &c..; &c.; ifiJ i ‘ PART XL CHAPTER XVI.—SHADDECK LIGHT. A gusty November day. Dead leaves swirl in wild brown drifts through the streets of St. before the wind, a wnd that buffets and tosses and shouts like the lusty young giant it is, that wrenches and twists the tree-tops, that rattled the sundry vine-stalks which a few months ago hung heavy with great <lrooping clusters of roses. , that flings dust by the handful into the eyes of the un ■wary, and then whooping in gusty glee, flies off to Shaddeek Bay, and prepares to make a roystering night of it. It is the middle-of the afternoon when Bichard .Ffrench turns out of the great -. avenue of ..Chariton Place. amVpre pares for a windy walk to town. He only • came yesterday, and departs iagain this evening.1 His work is done, his name is cleared, the real culprit lies in prison— Bate itself cannot hold him and his .wife apart longer. Never . has debonnaire Captain Dick, in the brightest, most spi rited, most sanguine days of his youth, looked more hopeful, more buoyantly happy than does the ex- cavalry colonel to-day. He is going for Vera—no mis understanding, no foolish scruple shall keep them asunder longer. She has all the pride of—a fallen angel where he is concerned; and love shall triumph over pride, and in his heart he knows as well as he lives that Vera cares for him yet. So—free, cleared, triumphant, rich, lov ing, hopeful—he gets over the ground at his usual swinging pace, whistling cheer ily as he goes. “My love is but a lassie yet.” He has discovered this much: .When Vera left Charlton she went direct to her old friend Mrs Trafton, and has re mained with her ever since. Before this time to-morrow he will be at Mrs Traf ton's door to claim his own. and hold it. too, through life and beyond death if lie may. How it blows, and'how the great strip ped trees wrestle with the blast in a fierce embrace! He bends his powerful figure before it, as it comes swooping down upon him, flinging spiteful siroc cos of dust in his eyes, and sending the blood bounding through every strong vein. His spirits, already high, rise higher as it buffets him. It is like strong wine, this exhilarating autumn gale, with the saltness of the sea, the pungent frag rance of the pine woods, in its breath at once. The tide is out, as he turns into the shore road, the long black bar is bare that leads to Shaddeek Light, and crossing it he sees Daddy. The old den looks bat tered, wind-blown, weather beaten, and tumble-down—this winter’s gale will give it it’s coup de grace, and the little brown cabin will be a thing of the past. He has half a mind to cross over and take a look at it before it goes—he has not been there for many a year. As he approaches, Daddy' espies him, and comes to a halt. “Hallo! “cheerily says Colonel Ffrench. “Hallo!” Daddy stolidly returns and then Daddy stands on the other foot, and eyes his master. ' “Ter ain’t seen her, liev yer? Yer Son’t know she’s here, do yer?” he .vaguely inquires. •. .“Seen her? -What her?’’ “Yer didn’t hear she’d come back did yer? Said so herself. Told me not to tell nuttier. A-goin’ back in the lteers to night. Come to take a look. She’s thar yit.” Daddy' jerks his thumb over his shoul der in the direction of the ocean. But Colonel Ffrench begins to understand. His dark face flushes and lights. “Are you speaking of Miss Vera?” he asks. “Ah!” sayrs Daddy, nodding—“her. She’s thar yit. Come to take a last look at the dear old place. That’s what she said. Blessed if he ain’t gone!” say's Dad dy, as his master turns from him, and in a minute is crossing the bar. A dim per -eeption of the truth stirs vaguely in the fog of Daddy’s mind—a slow, imbecile grin creeps over his visage. “Blessed if he ain’t goin’ ter her! Bless ed if he ain’t sweet on her!” says Daddy to himself, and so lumbers heavily away. She is sitting on the little sea-wall, her lingers locked together, her hands lying listlessly on her black lap. Her long •crape veil is thrown back, and waves like a piratical flag in the blast; the clear face is like a star set in jet. The great, dark eyes, the loveliest the wide earth holds, this man thinks, have all the sad ness of farewell in their depths. She hears his footsteps, and turns; then rises, ■and stands, pale, startled, surprised, be fore him. But a light comes .into her •eyes—the quick light of irrepressible gladness and welcome; and he sees it. “Vera,” he exclaims; and holds out •both hands. “Captain Dick!” she answers, and gives lilm hers. The name, the look, the manner have swept away six long years, and it is the •Captain Dick of Charlton days, her hero, that is here. It is but for an instant; then she laughs faintly, and draws away her hands. “I thought for a moment I was a little -girl again. You looked so like the Cap tain Dick of those far-off days. But • what a surprise this is. I thought you Were in New York.” “And I thought you were in New York.” He seats himself beside her—close be side her, on the stone wall, and looks with 'loving, longing, happy eyes into her half •. . shrinking face. -• -“I was in New York. I have been ever -.' Since I left”-. „ “Why did you leave?” he breaks in. “That was cruel, Vera. I went back early next morning full of all I had to' say, all one heart could hold—and you IWere gone! Well, it is past with the rest, but I doubt if anything in the last six years came home to me more sharply than that.” She looks away from him, and out to iwhere the angry red of the sunset beams through gathering wind-swept clouds. “It was best I should go!—it was in evitable, and Mrs Trafton’s house has ever been a second home. I went to her In my trouble and my loneliness, and she svas good to me, better than I can say. -Colonel Ffrench”—hastily, and still with averted eyes—“I have read it all—the (dreadful, dreadful truth, that vindicates .you, and condemns that wretched man. !And I hardly think it surprised me, al though it was a profound shock. For she loved him—oh, my dear little Dot, she loved him! I always knew him to be iweak and wicked, but of this I feel sure —he never Intended to go beyond the . stealing of the jewels—he never intended . ■ to injure her.” “No, he came to steal, not to murder. ‘ If she had only not awoke! But all that is past. Why should you ever think of -him?” “I think Eleanor, poor noble great ■'hearted Eleanor!. She haunts me like a .ghost. Some day, soon, I hope to see vher.” .' "I have ventured to promise so much 7----- -f in your name,” he says. “You ^ill let me keep my word will you not?” / ■ “I shall see her, certainly,'/ Vera answer?*. . “In a week or two I styt with Mrs Trafton to1 spend the' wiiter in Florida, and we shall "take New/Orleans on our way. She is falling? into a de cline, Mrs Trafton, and has beeii ordered South. T go with her as companion. That is why I am' here. I have iome to j take a last look at poor Dora’s jjrave. Her face is dreary as the red tght fall I on it, as though the prospect lot being I companion to a fretful., invalid, even through a bright Southern winter, was not a particularly exhilarating prospect. For Colonel Ffrencli, he smiles., “And you think I will let you go?’’ he says. “Vera, turn round—look at me, instead of the sky and the water—and tell me, if you can, how long this is to go He captures the hands and compels her to turn and face him. There is a last resistance, but a vain one, for her arm*r of coldness and inflexible pride— in the hour of her need, they fail her. "For six years.you have been my wife in name,” heisays. “In all that time we have been held apart—by niy, own act | in the first years, by misunderstandings and mutual pride in these- last. it is ! time all that should end. I love my wife, I want'my wife, and I .mean to have her. No?—as she flashes upon him one of the old, imperious glances, and tries-lro free Jher hands'—^“I, am not to be annihilated Oven by'the fire of your eyes? Wy • Vera-^oyetf ■i' have thought the most beautiful.on earth; the truest, the dearest, ever since I saw, them first. I know you cared for me a little once; I think you care for me a little still: I know that I love you with, all the strength of my heart. In my trouble you came to me, you offered to. stay with me, to lie my wife. Vera, I claim that pro mise now—I claim you." Her face droops under the passion of his eyes, but in it he reads neither anger nor coldness, nor shrinking. Her color comes and goes, but pride has bowed and fallen. He smiles, still clasping 'her hands, and bends nearer— ■ conquering at last. “I am going to Cuba in a week—not to rejoin the army. I have done with that but for political purposes, air the same Vera, will you come with me to Cuba instead of to Florida with Mrs Trafton? She looks up, and the dark, sweet eyes that meet his are full of tears. . “I will'go with you to the end of the world.” she answers. There has been a hiatus here, you understand. The wind shouts as if in derision at this pair of lovers, and the sea dashing higher and higher over the rocks, sends its flaky spray in their “And it is not from any sense of duty.?’ is the first coherent remark, jealously | made by Colonel Ffrench, you are permit ted to hear, “such as sent you to me at the hotel, but because” “Because I love you,” says A7era, speaking the words for the first time in her life; “because I have loved you from the very first.” The tide is rising: if this ecstatic pair linger much longer, they will have a chance to pass the night, tete-a-tete on the sea-wall. The crimson and fiery orange of the strong sunset is paling rapidly before the greyness of coming night and gathering storm. The wind still shrieks about them like a wind gone mad; seagulls whirl and swoop startling ly near, the flashing spray leaps higher and higher. It is Colonel Ffrench who comes back from Elysium first—is it not the man who always comes back first? “The tide is rising,” he says, rising also. “Let us go. If we sit here longer we will have to stay here till morning, and one. night you may think quite enough to spend at Shaddeck Light; althoug'h I shall always look back to that' night with the deepest gfatitude, for to it I owe the happiness of my life.” He offers his hand and she takes it, and so. clinging to it, passes over the wet, weedy, slippery kelp and shingle to the shore. There, as by one impulse, both pause and look back. Before them lies the new life, behind, the old, and they linger for a second to bid it fare well. One last.yellow gleam of sunset breaks from behind the wind-blown clouds and lights palely the solitary little brown cot. Falling fast to decay, with broken windows, hanging doors, settling roof, it stands waiting for its death- blow, in for saken and bleak old age—a desolate pic ture. While they look the light fades, swift darkness falls, and night and lone liness wrap Shaddeck Light. The End. 