Here and There. [Bv Driveller,! ZeBban is beginning to pay tbe penalty for her increasing industries. Since the Smelters started to smoke it bas been noticed that the language in vogue under the verandahs 1b of a distinctly sulphury nature. Were fnnthnll thA fjLflhinnnhle pastime, tbe reason would be obvious, but as that cheerful earns is quite defunct, tbe change can only be ascribed to the smelters' fumes. Many people were of opinion that Mr Wragge caused the reoent cold winds and bard frosts in Zeeban. Such, however, was not tbe case. The visit of a representative of tbe Strahan Freezing Works was entirely responsible for our chilblains and chapped bands. It would relieve us from much anxiety if this gentleman could be prevailed upon to postpone bis visits uutil tbe hot weather eetBin. The Athenfflum Club, which started nine mouths ago with a long roll of mem bers, gave up the ghost last week. So another name has been added to the list of abortive efforts to establish political or literary societies. The average Zeehanite is too tired (mentally) to stand tbe strain of dealing with problems on social economy. Baerand billiards principally claim his leisure hours. There is now a scheme on foot to organise another club. It will be known as 'The Society tor Heavy Thinkers.' Refreshments and cigars will be provided free of charge, speeches and discussions requiring mental effort will be strongly discouraged' Mem bers will only be required to think bard. Great numbers of promising candidates are to be seen at every institution in the town, so that its suooess is already as sured. Under the shadow of the Pyrenees, on the French side, dwell the Bernardino sisters of Anglet, one of tbe most austere and strangest orders in the world. These devoted women give themselves up to a life of solitude, and take a vow of per petual silence j even the curiosity of tbe eyes is mortified. It is a matter, for re gret that institutions of this nature do not flourish and became popular. Their advantages to mankiud would be incal culable. Who amongst us has not a friend whose departure for Anglet would be witnesbed by many dry eyes, and to whom we could give such a heartfelt Godspeed } Unfortunately, Anglet is far away, but an institution based ou somewhat similar lines, with less stringent rules, might be established nearer borne, so that whenever our friends developed a nagging tongue or showed symptoms of a strong tattling propensity they could be relegated to the abode of silence for six months. Those of tbe inveterate type would, of course, eucoumb to the trainiug in a few weeks, but tbe hour of departure would be cheered with the knowledge thit their last graceful act would be thoroughly appreciated, aud that it would also confer a blesBing on tbe whole^community. The want of ordinary courtesy dis played by some members of the Hospital Board when dealing with resignations at the last meeting has created mod adverse comment. 6everal meetings of late have been characterised by similar episodes. Such conduct cm ouly result in alienating the sympathy of many who have tho interests of tbe institution at heart. To say that these members voice tbe sentiments of subscribers would be quite as absurd as to suppose that they are a reflex of tbe intelligence of the men they represent. There appears to be a want of independent thought amongst members, and reoent events indicate that the boss man pulls the string and the figures, work accordingly. When we con sider that Mr Finn almost holds tbe honored place amongst those who have labored sealously for years in tbe interest of the Hospital, and who have devoted time and money to such good purpose that we now have a monument to West Coast benevolence that would do credit to larger populations — when these matters are taken into consideration it is really marvellous that tbe patriarchal member was let off without a severe repr'mand. It will be noted that Mr Curtain wasdealt with in the approved style. Tbe time is fast approaching when anyone found guilty oE committing a benevolent act shall be sentenced to imprisonment with out the option. 