I AUTHORITY in every age and in every country has claimed to impose penalties on all who offend against it. Either coercion or protection has been the moving principle: the master extorted submission; or society, through its rulers, defended itself against evildoers. The most common punishments early times were naturally those most easily inflicted. Offenders paid iu their persons—they were put to death with every variety in the capital sentence; were branded, mutilated, or sold as slaves. They were fined also, were degraded, or forfeited civil rights: or, yet again, were simply banished from their homes. Enforced detention, incarceration within four walls, was another method of coercion which rew and gained favor under the penal ystem. The lords, temporal or piritual, or the corporate body, could hus hold the vassal safe until he ielded fealty or submitted to extorion. A dungeon told no tales, and erved conveniently to bury the victim medieval oppression. The unretrained aud unjustifiable exercise of he power to imprison lingered long in where personal liberty was uu nor did arbitrary imprisonment terminate with the destruction of the Bastile. In England, however, freedom from illegal arrest—the dearest of the Briton's privileges — was resolutely fought for and early achieved. The Great Charters conceded it, and although often in danger, it was con firmed finally, and beyond all question in the reign of CHARLES II. But the theory was better than the practice; numbers always languished in gaol the victims of needlessly severe or misinterpreted laws, which now-a-davs would have been at large. Through long years of trouble and disquiet, when the country was torn with religious and political dissensions, the prisons were always full. Intolerance appealed to the strong arm of the law, and the ;aol was almost the anti-chamber of the scafflold or the stake. The commercial laws, too, of a nation wedded to trade kept a large contingent always under lock and key. The debtor at the mercy of his creditor, who could command the best efforts of the law in assisting him to recover his own again. Irregularity, also, in the administration of justice assisted to fill the prisons. Gaol deliveries were frequently delayed in the most indefinite manner, while, even when tardy trial ended in an acquittal, release was not always accorded, and innocent men, unable to meet extortionate demands in fees were conveyed back to durance vile. It is unnecessary to dwell on the State of the prisons of England prior to the revelations made by HOWARD in 1773. The food, accommodation, clothing. <fcc., were vile beyond mention, while immorality and drunkenness prevailed as sorts of disgraceful counteractions to the cruelty and rapacity of the gaolers. It was thought that the best cure for these evils would be the transportation system, and thus in 1787 convicts were sent out to Sydney. But the system, though it undoubtedly purged the old country of many desperate and dangerous characters, set an evil impress on the young colony of New South Wales, which even to this day raises at times the ghosts of the degraded past. The graphic pen of MARCUS CLARKE has portrayed the accumulated horrors of Norfolk Island, Port Arthur and Tasman's Peninsula: but at last the protests of the colonies were of avail and the convict system of the early days passed away never to return. The modern prisoner, whether in England or here, has now very different treatment to the " broad arrowed brigades" of MACQUARIE and FRANKLIN. His physical welfare is watched over by competent medical men, the chaplain endeavors to reach what moral religious instincts may be dormant in his disposition, close attention is paid to the sanitary conditions of his surroundings, strict rules govern the size of his cell, which is lighted, not unduly cold, never dauip, and always well ventilated. The food is good, and the enforced absence from alcohol, often productive of the cou vict's physical and mental salvation. A Melbourne doctor once said that six months' hard labor would do more for some dyspeptics and liver subjects than all the tinctures and tonics in the British Pharmacopeia. The conditions of a man or woman in gaol are better than many of the poor in their squalid homes, or the toper who lives mostly on colonial beer supplemented at times with the vilest of rum. Indeed it is a question whether gaol is not made far too comfortable nowadays, and that from tha brandings and burnings of centuries ago, from the squalor and misery of the penal system before the reforms of HOWARD, from the brutality of convict commandants in the early prison settlements, we have not gone to the other extreme, and treated the offender against the laws of his country more as an object of pity than punishment. The modern English system of prison discipline possesses one very desirable quality, and that is its uniformity. In the old days this was not so, and the discipline of a gaol depended very much upon tho characteristics of its governor, who might be a perfect tyrant, or lacking in determination and courage. Thus one gaol was a perfect " hell on earth," even for the inmate whose offence was the first he had committed, and not, perhaps, very serious in its character; virile in another rufiians, who ought to have been strictly guarded and punished for any breach of discipline, did pretty much as they liked, and the interior of the gaol walls might be described as scones of the orgies of a company of fiends. In those days the governor had powers as autocratic as those of a naval captain on liis pwn quarter deck. Now, in England, while the governor .can order a.prisoner additional punishment for offences against good order he is obliged to obtain the sanction of a magistrate previous to their being carried out; and in this colony the governor cannot inflict any punishment, except of a very 'nominal nature, and offending prisoners are brought before visiting justices who deal with them as they think fit. On j the whole the prison systems of today are very well conceived and carried out, and whatever defects there may be in them, undue severity is certainly not one of them. 