A QUIET LODGER, COMPLETE IN THIS ISSUE J DOROTHEA GERARD, Author of "Ludy Buby," "An Arranged Marriage," &c.;, &o.; coi'YiuanT. RS. DIN- krART,on not by any means in a good humour. At the very last call made, she had heard a very dis turbing piece of news. It was f r o m F a 11 11 y Hoekins that who had heard it : indeed everything she ever heard came from that quartor.forFaiiuy j Hockius, the 3 -hildicss wife of a well-to-do trades man, who had been associated i> business with Air. Dixumrt'sown de funct husband, scented to liveonlv for the gathering in and dispersing of start ling information. No matter who came to sec Airs. Hoekins it was ten to ouo that he would come away the richer by at least 01m piece of news, concerning at least one of his bosom friends. And so it had been to-day. " I should advise you to keep a lookout on that boy of yours." she hud emphatically re marked". " It's in every inouth that lie's quite irone 011 the Harrison woman " " And who is she? " asked the old woman iu tremdntion. " Oh, she's the widow of John Harrison, who was in tho coii'eo lino. .Her fortuno is all right, 110 doubt, but if people are to be believed — such people as Charley Craiirloy, for instance — her name isn't anything of the sort. Charlie talks oi' her as having b.-on very—well, light in her conduct, and so far as I know you, the fortuno wouldn't make up for the name, would it ? " "Good gracious, no!" exclaimed Airs. Diunart, aghast. Her periodical visits to London always flurried her a little, after the deep peace of her country home, and now this crowning agitation on tho top of it ! "The idea of 'Ned even dreaming of marry ing' a person of that sort. I could novcr think of cunsuuting to it. Of course I shall spunk to Ned immediately." This, however, had not proved possible, for the revolution had taken place within the last half-hour of Airs. Diiinarfc's sojourn in town, and tho Charing Cross station, whither Ned dutifully accompanied his mother, was not the place for so serious an explanation. There was, therefore, nothing i'or it but to wait for Ned's next visit, which did not take place for a fortnight later, for the young man, who had steppwfinto the business shoes of his dead father, was too keen at his work to be libcrul with his own holidays. During the interval of suspenso that fol lowed, Airs. Rinnan's servants had occasion for remarking that thoir mistress's temper was shorter than usual, and that tho plump and lively old lady neither took any pleasure in the trim and orderly garden, nor bustled about, her pretty and roomy cottago as was iter wont. Even the last, of the dahlias were allowed to rot 011 thoir stalks, and, quite con trary to iier habit, to litter tho beds with their failing petals, instead of brightening the rooms indoors. Mr. Dinnnrt canto of a stock in which Respectability, with a big initial, stood before all other virtues ; aud wherever she went, and whatever she did cluriug this fortnight, the image of that " light" daugh ter-in-law, with which she felt herself threatened, came between her and her peace. The expected day came at last, but instead of a lightening of her cares, if brought, with it their eonflnnalion from Ned's own lips. _ "Yes. mother, it is perfectly true," ho said, with unhesitutiug cheerfulness, in answer to her very first question. "Aly happiness is bound up with Bessie Harrison, and I meant, to tell you so to-day, at any rate. I wanted to mate sure iirst that T had a chance, so I spoke to her 011 Thursday, and — well, now our engagement depends only ou your con sent." Ned was a fine young fellow of twenty-five, with a wouderfully fresh colour for a business man, and lie looked his mother straight in the eye as I10 spoke. "That you shall never have," came in a burst from the peppery old lady. "I have heard nil about this Airs. Harrison, and I tell you that sooner than see you married to this —person, I would rather never again see your face." "You havo heard all about her," repeated Ned, astonished, " and from whom 011 earth, pray ?" "From Fanny Hookins, and most provi dential it is that T happened to look iu thcro ou my way to the station." Ned's still boyish lips curled scornfully. " And what lias she boon daring to say of my Bessie?" "Your Bessie! Oh, Ned!" Airs. Din- nurt's rouud i'aco grew (lark red at this audacity. "You surely won't go on calling her your Bessie, when I. tell you that Fanny Hockius ha heard tho most shocking tales of her from a Air. — Air. Craigloy, I think he wua called." This tiino there enmou rather ugly look into Nod's bine eyes. "Yes, that's what lie' called, sura enough," he said, grimly. "I might havo known that there was bound to bo somothiujr of the sort. I know tho mati, mothor, and I'll t;;ll you whyhe throws mud at Bessie ; it's because she has refused him and because bo's a sneak. But tho mud cuu't stick ou Bessie ; she's as honest a woman as ever lived — I pledge you my word for that, mother— und the only 0110 whom I shall ever wish to make my wife." "Never with my eonsont!" retorted Mrs. Diunart, still iu the height of tho exeitcmcnt into which she had worked herself. "All Ibis only shows your infatuation, your uttor foolishness." " But mother, if you would only listen to me." "No, no, no!" And tho irascible littlo woman aoluully dapped her hands over her ears iu order to shut out tho list of Air. Harrison's virtues, which sho felt sure was on tho point of pouring from Ned's lips. She did not waut to hear them, and she disbelieved (hem all iu advance; for tho impressions mado in this old lady's somewhat impulsive mind wero apt to be as lasting as thoy woro instantaneous, and Airs. Harrison having been presented to her imagination at first sight as a "light woinmi,' liadagood ohance of remaining so to the end, oven in tho faco of fairly strong proofs to tho contrary. " And is this your last word, mother?" asked Ned, who had lost a littlo colour. " Do you absolutely rofuso to sanction our ongago- ineut ? " " Abfiolntoly and ontiroly. Sinco you aro too blind to judge for yoursolf, I must judge for you." Ned appeared to bo reflecting. " Very well," ho said aftor u minute, and speaking more quietly, "I shall wait," "For what?" " For your consent. 1 know I shall gain it in time. Of course you know as well as I do that I don't need it logally, hut I don't mean to marry without it — in fact I promised futhor not to— so I shall just wait. Bessie will understand." "You'll havo to wait a long time," suid Airs. Dinuurt, with an attempt at a snonr, of which, however, hor unsteady voice inudo u lament able failure. "That may bo," replied Ned, who had quite recovered liis temper by this time. " Good-night, mother, I'm off for a cigar." . During tho remainder of his two days visit tho momentous subject was not again touched upon, for Air. Diunart, although consumed by tho desire of returning to tho charge, folt baffled by her soil's quiet cheerfulness and , , obvious determination to avoid the sore point. , It was only 011 Afonday morning, and with only fitfe minutes to spare for the catching of his train, that sho found courage to make another effort. "Havo you considered what I told you tho other day, Ned ?" sho blurted out ut tho last moment. " Do you still hold to your rosolvo of sticking to that woman?" "If by 4 that woman you mean Bessie Harrison," replied Ned readily, "by all means — yes. I haven't changed jnv mind sinco Saturday. Never mind, mother, it'll couio all right in (lie end, I know it will ! " With thathowasgonc, leaving Alva. Diunart in an almost desporato state of mind. Ned had always puzzled her aiul sometime frightened her, although lio had never heard even 0110 harsh word from his lips. It was strange how he managed to be both an ideally dutiful son, and yet invuviably to have his own way. It lmd been so sinco ho was a littlo boy, but it should not be so this time — so Mr. Diunart told lieraelf. Ned, meanwhile, was speeding towards town, thoughtful, but scarcely crestfallen. Ho was too well acquainted with his mother's temper, her impulses and her tongue, to take any of theso tiling for more than they were worth, and ho knew tho golden heart which lay at the bottom of it all, far too well, even to think of despairing. Despite his twenty- flvo and her sixty years, he was, in fact, far tho more reasonable person of the two, having iuhoritcd his father's easy temper together with his clour sight and cool head. Dating from this point tho intercourse between mother and son, although present ing to the uninitiated no outwardly per- coptiblo difference, became- in reality a species of dumb -..duel. To Airs. Dinnart, personally, an.opeu dispute would havo been far inoro congenial, but it was impossible to quarrel with Ned when he did not waut to. During the whole of the ensu ing winter Airs. Harrison's name was not again mentioned between them, hut each know quite well that she was in the others' miml whenever they mot, aud just as Ned saw by tlio sot of his mother's obstinate little mouth that she had not yielded one inch of ground, so could Mr. Dinnart, right through the inidst of his filial attentions, hud despite , his almost ostentatious good humour, read his unmoved allegiance to the widow quite plainly in his eyes. If lie had his father's fortunate temper, he also had a fair .-hare of hismotlier'sunfortuuate tenacity, which, how ever, a largo admixruvo of common sense had in litis case raised above tho level oi' mere obstinacy. It was the spring which at last wrought a change iu the situation Something had occurred to AR. Dinnart, while winding up her monthly accounts, whose size was apt to disturb her economical mind. To be suro she had no real cause for anxiety, seeing that her children were provided for, and rho business doing well : hut it lay in her naturo r,o be as consci-nlious about money matters as she was particular about people's reputations, and to day it lutd come into her head that it could not bo right for her to spend 'so much on her- solf, being only an old woman, who ought to have no wants. Fortunately Ned had announced a visit for the next; day. so tho impulse could bo acted upon immediately — as, in fact, was usually the case with Airs. Dinnart' impulses. "Ned," she began (hat night at dinner, 44 1 have been thinking that it would ho an excellent plan for me 10 let the two rooms v.t the back for the summer. The house is twice too big for me since Amelia is gone" — Amelia was Ned's only sister, who was married last summer — 44 and I don't see why-I shouldn't save a little money that way for flower seeds." Ned began by demuiTing. Hi mother had 110 need for saving, he maintained in a some what aggrieved tone; she eouhl afford her flower seeds without lotting her rooms. But, as usual, AL's Dinnart stood to her point. 4 4 It's not only tho saving," she artfully insisted, 44 but it would be nice to have a little companionship now that Amriia is gone, for, of course, I would only take a single lady, and only if she suits 1110 It has oc curred to me that you might And mo the sorl of lodger I want, cither among your own acquaintances or among the acquaintances of your acquaintances. You know such a lot of people in London, and it would be safer than advertising. But mind; it must bo a thoroughly quiet lodger, and, of course, one whose respectability is quite above suspicion. I can't havo auyone with children either, or with dogs; for they'll gather my flowers and dig holes in my 'walks. In fact ii: must be some body who give no (rouble of any kind. Do you think you can iind me a lodger of that sort, Ned ?" 44 Well, I'll look about," said Ned, who seemed to have dropped his original objection to the plan. Ned did look about, with tho result that the early summer brought a now inmate to the cottage. This was a Mrs. Brown, u brown-eyed, sweet-faced brunette, whose aoutle voice and modest, bearing impressed Air. Dinnart most favourably at first sighr Nor was the impression a merely transitory one. for, as the weeks advanced, the old lady was fain to acknowledge to herself that not only in the particulars of being childless and dogless, hut in every other point as well, Airs. Brown entirely fulfilled her idea of "a quiet lodger." Not only did sho give 110 trouble ut all, but even hor tast-s seemed to correspond most fortunately with (hose of Airs. Dinnart. Beside being just as fond of gardening as the old lady, she turned out to be familiar with several new sorts of crochet stitches, and, best, of nil, possessed a remarkable capa bility for listening for hours at a time to stories of the defunct Mr. Diunart' savings and doing, as well as to anecdote datiug from tho nursery days of Amelia and Ned. It was only in answer to questions that sho over spoke about herself, and what she then told Airs. Diunart was calculated to raiso her yet moro in that lady's estimation. The daughter of a distinguished, but impecunious, officer, sho had married at Huveutoen, by the wish of her parents, a man much older than herself. When sho uwuko to tho reality of her situation it was loo late to do anything but console herself with tho thought that sho had savedher family from starvation. Although sho did not say so, it was pretty clear to Airs. Dinnart that Air. Brown's death had been rather a deliverance than a loss to tho young girl-widow, who at twenty-thrco stood alone in tho world. It vVas not likoly that sho would stand ulouo for very long, reflected Mrs. Dinnart, a sho gazed upon the fresh young faco. Mrs. Brown horsolf had hinted at tho existence of admirers, when sho confided to Airs. Dinnart that she greatly preferred a quiot homo in the country, like this, to all tho worry of town life, where a youug woman in hor position could not holp getting exposed to various inconveniences. Mrs. Diunart understood and approved. It was exactly tho liuo of thouglit which sho would expect from a thoroughly respectable youug woman. In fact Air. Brown eumo so thoroughly up to hor standard in every point that, before a fortnight had elapsed, Airs. Dinnart, whoso likings wero as rapidly and a violently formed as hor dislikings, actually inquired after her lodger' Christian name, and from this point onward 44 Elsie" countod no more a . a ledger, but rather ranked as a sort of daughter. Why should sho not become her daughtor in reality? Tho idea 'canio to Airs. Dinnart one flue June afternoon, u sho sat with her eroohot- work among tho rose bushes, watuh- ing Elsio Brown busily weeding a flower bed. It was rather a hold idea in tho circumstances, but so long as Ned had not actually married that other most objectionable widow thoro was still room for hope. Unless ho was infatuated beyond all reason it was scarcely conceivable that he should resist tho gentle charm of Airs. Dinuurt' now bosom friend — Mrs. Diunart, at least, could not eouooive it. He had novel mot Airs. Brown — so sho had understood from the lottor which suggested this 44 acquaintance of an acquaintance" us a lodger. Well, ho must ineet her with tho least possiblo delay, decided the wily old lndy, and immediately sat down to pen a note to Ned. For some t ime past ho had boon obdu rately opposed to tho idea of a holiday, aud iu order to onsuro his talcing this on'o Mrs. Dinnart actually went so far as to assert that she had recently notod somo vory alarming symptoms in her own health, and that sho felt it iier duty to havo a business talk with her son. This brought Ned rushing down from town in a real fright, speedily quieted, how- over, by tho sight of tho blooming fne of his mother, wiio explained with a littlo embarrass ment that it had only been a passing attack which had alarmed hor for tho moment. 'Then I supposu we needn't hjivu tho busi ness talk?" remarked Ned, with something of u sly twinklo in hi eye. 44 1 don't, think there is any special hurry about it. There aro so muuy other thiiura 10 talk about now that I've got you hero at last." 44 Ah!" said Ned, enigmatically." 44 By tho way, how does your lodger answor ?" ho inquired aftor a moment. 44 Haven't you quarrelled yet ?" 44 Quarrelled! Oh, my dear Ned!" Mrs. Dinnart jrrcw scarjet with emotiou. This 'was exactly the opening she required, and for five consecutive , minutes there poured from iier lips an uninterrupted hymn of praise, of which tho subject was Airs. Brown. Ned listened coolly.' lighting a cigar the while, for they were strolling about tho garden. " And olio's not only an angol, but also a beautiful angel," was Airs. Dinnurt's closing sentoncc. 4 4 You never saw such eyes as she ha, and tho heart of a child with it all ! Yon never did a better stroke of business, : Ned, than when you procured mo - this lodger !" 44 It almost seems bo," assonted Nod, a littlo dryly. 44 But I say. mother, aren't you laying 011 the colours a trifle too thick?" 44 Wait till you see her !" was Mr. Din nart' triumphant rejoinder. But when lie did see her, which was im mediately before dinner, Mr. Dinnart had to own to a feeling of disappointment. Ned did not seem in tho least astonished by tbo beauty of tho young widow ; neither could the anxious mother catch his eye resting upon hor oven once during tho whole course of dinner. It was still moro disappointing when tho same evening lie announced his intention of returning to town next day. Since his mother hud recovered, thero was no further reason for wasting so much business time iu the country. 44 But Ned, you can't mean that!" cried Airs. Dinunrt, aghast. 44 1 have told Mr. Brown that you are staying for a week, and it would look 0 rude. What do you think of her, by-tho-byo? Is sho nob lovely ?" 44 Not bad looking." replied Ned, with heart-rending equanimity. Finally he consented to a concession of two days, which time was spent by Mr. Dinnart in weaving a net of contrivances for leaving the young people together. ' Not with much success, -however, for however often sho re- turned to tbo house to fetch hor crochet- work, or trotted out into tho garden to count tho roses that had opened since yesterday, she was certain to be followed in a few minutes by Ned, who seemed bent on enjoying his mother's society to the full. Tho parting between, him and tho lodger at 1 110 end of the two days was as formal and frigid as had been their introduction. Hav ing watched his departure from the window, Mrs. Dinnart would liuvo liked best to sit down and cry. 44 It's all that other woman!" she muttered, furiously. 44 llo's got her in his head still— hussy ! What will Elsio think of hiin, running off iu this way ?" That same day. Mrs. Dinnart attempted to find out what Elsie thought of him, by bring ing out somu apology for Ned's abrupt, departure. 44 All tho business lies on tho poor hoy's shoulder, now that his father is gone," sho explained. 4 4 And he's too conscientious to miss even a day." if ho can holp it." Mrs. Brown said nothing, but L vs. Dinnnrt Sijcmed to catch the sound of a passing sigh. That was enough ro tell hor what Airs. Brown thought of Ned. The days that followed made her feel still surer of it. for unless she was very much mistaken, the quiet lodger was daily becoming even quieter and less talkative than was her wont. Tho im pression which she so much wished to bring about had evidently been mado — 011 one side, though alas, not on (ho other. Surmises were turned to certainty 0110 ex quisite summer ovenin«r. which the okl aud the young widow wero spending in the little wooden summer-liou.se, which stood at the end of the garden. It was past the hour of bed- time, but an almost tropical niglir. had tempted tho two women out after dinner, and, once iu the uardeu, the charm of starlight and of rose-scented air held them captive. 44 How good a week or two of this sort of thing would be for Ned!" exclaimed Mrs. Dinuurt, after a long silence. 44 To think of him iu that stuffy London nt this time of year !" 44 But I suppose Arr. Dinnart will visit you again later on?" Airs. Brown timidly inquired. "Shall I send for him to-morrow?" asked tho old lady, with a slyglat.ee into tho other's face. 44 Oh, please do !" said ATrs. Brown quickly, and then stopped short, blushing furiously, 44 1 mean, of course, that it would bo nice for you to see him. and " But. Airs. Dinnarr's arm had already slipped : rouud her lodger's waist. 44 No, no, you don't mean that a bit !" sho whispered, emphatically. 44 It's just you who want to see him, and for his own sake. Gome, Elsie! Don't be too prudish to flatter a foolish old woman's vauiry : my Ned is a fine lad, isn't ho? and you would like to see iiim here again ?" Mrs. Brown's face was by this time hidden in Airs. Dinnart's shoulder. 44 Well, yes," sho whispered, almost in- audibly : 44 since you have guessed It I will not deny that Ned, I mean Air. Dinnart, has made a great impression on me, and that I don't think I shall ever be able to forget him again." "She calls him Ned," noted Mrs. Dinnart, mentally. 44 It's gone further than I sup posed." She kissed her young friend on the forehead. 44 You needn't forgot him," sho declared, solemnly. 4' You shall have him, Elsie, if I can get him for you— and I rather think I etui." "But what are you going to do ?" asked Airs. Brown. 44 You surely cannot suppose thai; I waut to marry any man uguiust his will, and you saw how cold he was towards 44 Leave everything to 1110!" was Airs. Dinnart4 comprehensive reply, and beyond that sho doclitied to go. A very few days later Ned was buck at the cottage, and apparently rather put out at tho repeated summonses. 44 What is the inuttor now, mother?" ho asked tho moment thoy wero alone. 44 You haven't had another attack, have you? Is tho business talk to como off this timo?" But it was another sort or talk which Mrs. Dinuurt intended to have to-day, for sho had made up her mind to a somewhat desperato course of action. Her anxiety to seoure tho daughter-in-law on which sho had «nt her heart, and by so doing save Ned from the clutches of that other "person" whoso image haunted her like a- bud dream, .had for tho moment overcomo all scruples, aud tho result was that this uncon scientious old woman viuluted the con fidence of the young oue, and thou and there told Ned of tho impression ho had produced on her model lodger, pleading her cause with all tbo warmth of Iier nature, and not. for getting hi mentiuu that Mr. Brown had loft Mrs. Brown very comfortably off indeed. Ned did not interrupt her once while ho spoke, bur. busied himself with pulhug off single leaves of the Canudian vine near him — for this interview was taking place, too, in tho Hummer house— and keeping his faco turned away from his mother. Sho waited breathless for hi answer. 44 This is very flattering," I10 observed at last in an inscrutable' voice. Then ho puusod for a moment aud appeared to bo reflecting. 44 And would it vaally muko you lmppy if I married your lodger?" ho inquired pre sently, still busy with tho vino leave. Ho was assured of this fact iu u torrent of glowing language. 44 But you must lot mo think over it." 44 Not for long, Ned, I implore you ; just think of her suspense ! Ah, there sho comes horsolf by tho ivy walk : ho will havo to pass by hero. I will encupo from the other side, und leavo you to havo it out with her alone." And bofore ho could even utter a protest tho activo little woman had slipped out by tho door and disappeared ia the dircotiou of tho house. For a full half-hour Airs. Dinnart waited in hor sitting-room with fast-heating heart, wondering what was going on iu the summer- house, and jealously watching tho garden ontranco. At length, with ii joyful exohunation, who started to her feet. ?rom tho direction of the summer- house Nod was to bo seon approach ing, aud within his una lay the delicate white hand of her protege, while he lookod down into hor faco and she up into his in a maimer iu which it is only legitimate for engaged couples to look. Within that samo week Airs. Dinnart paid 0110 of her periodical visit to town, t his timo with the agreeable object of making some preliminary purchases for tho trousseau. A usual sho wuuud up with a call ou Funny Hockiim. "So it's come to that, after all," were tho words with which ho was greeted. " Ned is going to marry that Mrs. Harrison whom I warned you against last year? " 44 Airs. Harrison!" echoed the visitor aghast. 44 Nothing of the sort! It is a Mrs. Brown whom Nod is engaged to." 44 Harrisou-Brown — yes, that's the name. I daresay sho found it moro convenient -to drop the first part when making your acquaintance." 44 But that ono was called Bessie, and this one's 11'amo is Elsie." 44 Which is short for Elizabeth, just as Bessie is. I happen to know that Mrtk Har rison's name is Elizabeth. 'K A terriblo light rose on Mrs. Dinnart, but it was only terrible for ono momeut; in tho next, already she had sunk back in hor chair, overcome by the humour of the situation, which now burst full upon her, aud was rolling gently from sido to side in a fit of uncontrollablo laughter. And tho more .she laughed tho lighter her heart grew with the certainty that now the ghost of that terrible Mrs. Harrisou, who had haunted her dreams so loug, was laid at last aud for ever. "AVell, you havo mado a pretty fool of mo between you," she was saying, au hour later, gleefully to Ned, who replied with his usual equanimity : 44 1 told you it would all come right in tho end, mother, didn't I?" And thus it was that, for once, both Ned and his mother got their own way. 