A WOMAN'S REASON. Scene : A small tea-room a la Japnnaise. Storks clamber over tbe walls and the frieze seem to be a continuous crane with old-rose legs and a. purple bill. The air is filled with the harp scent of incense rising from a tiny brais.^r burning before the huge brass Jess on the mantel. The hostess awaits her guests in a kimono of many shades,her level eyebrows have a distinct slant and her small feet slip lialf out of a pair of sandals at every motion. A Japanesesorvant holds back the rattling curtain and a lady enters. The Lady: " Oh, Amy, is that you ?'" The Hostess (smiling): " No, dear ; it tlif ghost of my great-grandmother." The Lady : " Oh, I see. IVe done one of those unnecessary questions, haven't I ?" The Hostrss (langhiug) : Yes, bnt I don't know that yon need be proud of it- The Lad; (lockingabout) : " What timr is It, anyway ? I suppose tkpy dou't have cloc'.ts in Japan. I'm very early ?" The H sless : " A little. No one is like'y to come for ten minutes. 1 got myself into tl.esc things in time to have a dress rehearsal wi-h tbe tea things. (Holding up her square Ueevr.) Do say something funny, so that I can bug'.i in this ; it's big enough to hold a perfect rosr." The Lady (suddenly) : " Tom was drivitig w:th her again yestoid y. Everybody saw them. Isn't it l erhctly mfuiiating ?" The Hostess (gent y) : " It is very hard for you. Do you mind it very much, r ? " The LBdy (petulautly): " ?liii.l it ? WC'1, I should think I did! Harried i nly s-x months and to have one's husband goii'g about with a girl like th*t! An iiiipossib'e en al in e who isn't even in one's own t>et, ai.d who wtais gjwns tU-t are simply gha>tly." The Hostess: "But perhjps—if you nere more considerate—I mi an if jou I'idn't go out so much with Will Jarvis, who was once Wi'ilknown to be rat'.cr rpris—" The Lady (hr.stily) : «• Ob ! that's notliing. Tom isn'ta bit jrn'ons. Neither am I, but be might have picked out somebody I knc*.'" The Hostess (seriously): " Do you and Tom really care for one another ? " Tbe Lady (staring) • " Of course not. But we don't quarrel—at least, not in public. Why (flippantly), he likes that girl better than he dors me." The Hostess : " And "Will Jarvis thinks it is very poor taste, eh ? " The Lady (looking down) : " Perliaps." Th« Hostess : " How can yeu endure a life like this, so full of biit-.mi-Ks and dang-r to yourself and others ? Why don't you aud Xom part, and at bast live honestly ?" The Lsdy : " Von mean divorce, of course. I've thought of that, of course, bat you see I can't—at least, jubt yet." The Hostess: " Ah, then )OU do care for Tom a little, after all ! Be patient and I'm sure it will come out—'' The Lady (laushirg) : " What a sentimentalist you are! Do you want to know the reason ? You know Kitlie Hunter—one of my bridesmaids ? Oa the way down the aisle in the church I overheard her wager a down pairs of glovrs that I wouldn't live with Tom a year ! Spiteful thing! So you see, I've got to.'' Tho Hostess (looking at her guest curiously- ** Yes. I see. You've got to." 