MIBfl880 IN 00NEyOION Y WITH-V !,E ZOKAZI "1ATHOLTO : OCEURQ5tg, - - , ; Dunno thepr-i~ P5¶~Woka'b~ysuoe~ ssful mission aes b -eQanted inOao"0--e-tion w with the oman Ciathblcc-hlurchee in this district bythe Rev. Pather O'Bdec; ofthe RI. demptoriet: Order;:, isted -by the Revs. Fitsraaurjoe and Cains Lage numibera flocked to the difereat churche',' nd at i Crunuan speci llytihe sacred edifie was inseufoient ti hold the congregation Soul-etirringseim mons have been delivered by the rerv. gentleman, in the; hope to arouse the people to a eoses of their duties spiritually, and the result has been very gratifying to all concerned..?, " . . S "A GREAT SOCIAL EVIL.'" . This was the nubjeote of Fr. O'Brien's clos ingserme-at ?8. Mary's, Col?, on Sunday t evening to'a crowded congregation. "Be ye nct debeived, for neither adulterere, for. r nicators ·-o draunkard shall possess - the SKingdom"ofoeaven,"5, Thedsb words of the e Holy Ghobst'were hake, he said, from the S6th chapter'bflte let epistle of St, Paul to tti?oCoirtabEtih .- The vioe-of?drtinken nesls was beeoming so conaqo" tbat'" , were inclined to regardIt'r~asi 'inncent failing, but to .nmank this error God had u ttered the .war?ng- ahove-mean tlor~d.-, :-H~ple c'ethe drunkard on the Ssame level cc thq idoI~p,,.the forniostor and the adui(lerer '.anomnily' ~.earoed that all ibouldl excliddel from the King Sdom'of Heaien. -la speatkier of the evils Sof drunkentoesse nrqessa~' tocodrider the relatiios of the drmaunkard to Gol,to his neighbor,n inid:?'-:-~ilelf.. First of all the drunkard grosly insulted the three persons of tbh adorable't rinity, by de stroyiog- the imagej of God ir his soul. Our aculs ?r?r? the mime?o, the .likeneso .of the' Almiglilt, for like Hi': ?e were en dowed wittheghattroibut-b a of knoledge lore, and dnix of writh Hout' the drunkord by drinkhsl .to.zoee sa ~srificed. on the altar isfhthbler-nce'thiB;Striple image of Jesus Christ inlhis soul. Where was his reason? Gonet?-Where was his affection P S :orifced to. the beastly appe. tite for drink I Whebe was.ible freedom of will P Lying there at times "dea'`d' t ap. pearances, even the very.dog would'smell him and walk aay- in disgust.'. The drnnkard grossly insulted the Son of Gobd as his Redeemer, who ceame down from Heaven and assumed human nature in order to purify his s-ul that h8e might be placed on the right hand of the Father in' eternal glory hereafter. The drunkard debased and lowered himrelf to the level of the brute creation by wilfully effac ing and destroying the qualities in his soul that distinguished him from it. The drunkard even fell below.the brute eoea- tion, because wlhile the brute cmuld give intelligent sounds ..to its .fellows and walk erect, the drunkard could do neither. This was a distinct in sult to the Son of God. Toe drunkard, too, insulted the Holy Ghost as his sancti ier. He placed.himself. in even a worse position than the cold-blooded murderer, Sfor while the hand of Delth was upon the latter he could utilise the moment to make an act of perfecl contrition, and thus save himself from eternal damnation. But the drunkard, lying in-a state of intoxication, was incapable of making that seat of con trition or a single impulse to God if called upon to'bridge the cap to eternity. The minister, the priest, the bishop, the Pope. or even Jesus Christ himself might be at his bedside, but all they could do would be to look on and see how the drunkard died and was damned. He considered'it was one of the. greatest crimes imaginable that a manshould place himself in such a. state that even God-could not assist him. The drunkard sacrificed the attribute of mercy, because God tianded drunkards as His enemies, who gloried in their shame, and whose end would be destruction. He had not the time -nor the inclinstion to show how drunkenness was regarded by some-of the greatest nations of antiquity, because in our ownuti:e it could 'be Been what a large proportion-of the population it gave to our gaols, hospitals, lunatic asd benevolent asylums,-- and- even to the brothels in our great cities. Consider the drunkard ijs hbib epJ?ona to his family. By the la~ws ofGod-the son was'boundto t love, reverence and obey his parents, but, how did he frlfit these obligations ? Did ; he love his parents Invariably.no; he loired drink more than' tbem-sacrificed his peace and happiness to'a besottedappetite ( for liquor. Did he reverence his preots I Sometimes he even went so far to lift his unholy hand to strike them.' His life was ( generally a series of aota of disobedience, such ad to cause great 8rief, sbrrow and eqxiety'to his fatherr r lie mother. The drunkard might he good natured, but - according to Scripture hewias the enemy of God, and there was no beaven'for him. He gets married, and before the altar of God vows to make his wife'happy in this world, ansd as far as lies in his power, in eternity. Ten or twelve years bavB passed. 'Baa be fulilled these obligations' Instead of making her life happy Ibe has made it r miserable through -drinking: sewn the - silver streaks in her -'bisir, fi?rrowed, her J brow .with early -wrinkles, 'and placed ' thorns on her pillow. He has brlken her young heart and blasted her happiness in I this world. - Is he less'cruel tohis children of whom God has given him perhaps five or six, and laid upon him'the awful responsi bility as it were of being an angel of light r leading them to'theKingdom of Heaven. Instead, he has.behen an angel of darkness 2 leading the little ones tosiards destruction. o He has sown in their yountg minds the first h impressions et evil, learning them to curse d swear, blasplheme, andto show disrespect to their mother. He basi't provided them with decent clothes tthat they might go to church on Sundays without being ashamed of other children, or :safegdardel their morals, with the esult that they fall into bad company and lose the grace of God. When the drunken son in turn got married, and after he was dead and bis filthy carcasse, soaked in drink, was bing coosumed by a worms, the vice of drunkenness inculcted n by him would still be %earing its star of d consequences in his children, -grandchil dren, great grandchildren-God Lnowa where it would end. On the Day of Judg ment he would have to 'give ah account of the result of his 'viceof intemperance. f Jesus Christ in the Holydi Gospel decasred that it were better for?a man whoscanda. lised one of His little odes that a millstone were tied:round his necd~ and be drowned in the depth af the ises~' bit would He say on the Day of Judgpehnt to the unfortu nate drunkard, whio hid scandalised not one little one bt minjc: He would .meet auch an one with rage aad fury, even. as a lion would meet the maowhbo robbed her.oe fior whelps. What wa e effect. of drink on' the drunkard' hlil lf . By excess in drinking he ruined' lihr bIt, brought on premature old-age, iid 4.tse majority of irstanoes oonaigandd lhiilof to0 -an early grave,- The drunktrd :virtid hard luring' S the week, and at th &e;:hdspuot hlr money, hike an as. in :riuiig ihsis-:'oiatitution. 1 How many homes ware.d terse that shdould ' be, full. of happiness; ;et" werd o sniany I irretched--hovels, with 'itar.i?" children, through the terrible vice'"of drink, -. What ?I was true iin-- regard' to'i??bn was equiall I triue of woman, on acciiuit of the rnatural- : ieaknhes of her will. "*Be not droeived, for neither adulterers, di~nkirds, or fori- I cators eshall possess the Kingdom of Heaven." - He could not repeat this too often. - If the drunken man or woman did possess the Kingdom of Heayen . ,wl. would be thought of God's wqrd I" Why, he wo.qld be canside'red 'deceiver Coming to the practical piint, what should be done to stem such-s leirious and' wide: 1 spread evil. Firstly,.he stronglyehort'ed eash womannin honorof thesacred thirst of i the Saviour to -join 'the -Legue of the Cross, :which institution had been sane tioned by the church. There was nio E necessity whatever for: woien to' tonuch I drink,- Parerts did wrong ih giving their I children intoxicating liquor; they should I be brought up without tbe.knowledge ofa I tateof it. There weresomepeople who were E so-weak regarding the use:of liquor that they could not be trusted to take" aG thimblefol without indulging .in it too mueh;e-. These leopl - hould 'ask them-. elves) '"What must I doto be saved/' ajd the answer wouild be, "'qAie:iti. up alto geth?"' In order to lead. teWiperate lives they shoul' shun tile oomp.ny :o'f thi~s 'ho were addicted td dr#ik. 'There. was C the bld'prbverb: 'Show rie the.compny you keep, and I'll tell you what ?o are. ? It wa'mlinoet morally imun iebl: to asso. diate wdrith-mn of drunke habt without falling' with them, -. Theyshobldremeijbet the- worde of the Holy Ghost: He who lores the danger sball perish in it." To avoid thi- tthey should' have resort to praye land the 'frequentation of the serahmento;"ln conclusion he urged them to etier reieember that there 'was no hope before the drunkard but everlasting pliunishment. At the conelneion of Father O'Brien's powerful appeasi, an oxceptionslly large number-150- took the plpedg. and were suobsequently enrolled b the Bev. Father Fitzmaurice as members of the League of the Cro, ". .-s.__ Mbessre Johnstone and Co. bold their fortnightly pig sale to-day. . The next sitting of the Colso County Court is set down for Thursday. 27th July. It. is probable. that Parliament -will adjourn for tho referendum recess at the close of to-night's sittinog. .... Applications will be received by Mr G. F. Sydeiham until ioon od Friday next forthe position of probationary'nurse at the Colac .hospital., A heavy fine of £500 has been. impo?ed on Joseph Fitidiobohn a laborer, for illicit distilla'ion in Pyrmont Sydney This was the defendant'ssecond offence W"m.' Dej; mark, a produce merchant, for similarly offending, wasat~d -200 . " . Terrible aebounts are to hand of bhe aplling'Rfloodes s bsich have devastated ad area.of 25,00square miles in Te??a . Hun-. drede were drowned on the spo,. and. thjausands were forced to.take refuge on biounda.. There they fought for fosthold withlive stock-and reptile.s, many ~ t. the nhappy people docua i ingg to snakli bite, while others diet of sheer starvation 