, 1 \ \ -ti THE ALLUVIAL TROUBLE. To the Editor ori the 'Kalgoorlie ?Miner*. Sir, — I' shall feel obliged ,if you can' afford space to' reprint the enclosed ex tract from the 'Daily News', of Thurs day last, which gives a better . idea of the proceeding's in Parliament in re gard to my motion on the alluvial trouble than does your telegraphic re port. I may say also, by way of ex planation, that the Standing Orders do not permit the House to be divided on motions for which there is only ono affirmative vote. This accounts fo: the fact that no division \v is taken.— I am, etc., F. C. B. VOSPER. Parliament Houst, Perth, November 3, i899- ' The extract referred to above is as follows : — Mr Vosper's motions wholly monopolised the attention of the House and he provided the material for an other discussion by the resolution couched in the following terms : 'That it having demonstrated that the present alluvial trouble at Kalgoorlie arises en tirely out of a question of disputed title, over which the Supreme Court alone has jurisdiction, this House is of opinion that the Government should refrain from all further interference in the dispute pending its settlement by process of law, and then only for the purpose of enforcing the mandates of Her Majesty's judges.' If the hon. member had any expectation of his motion being carried his anticipations must have been speedily dissipated by the tone of the debate, not a single member extending his support to it. Even. Mr Leake could only pose as an apologist for the member for Norch East Coolgardie, remarking that lie believed Mr. Vosper's intention was not to have the assertions made in the reso lution confirmed by the House, but rather to initiate a discussion on the matter. If that were the object of the motion, it was only too thoroughly at tained, as almost every member ap peared to consider it his duty to give the House the benefit of his views on the subject. The 'dual title' was gen erally condemned, and there was also an unusual unanimity of opinion 'that the law must be obeyed.' But, in re gard to another phase of the question, the views of Mr Oats were appallingly heterodox. Not only did he not give the Government credit for putting the gold of W.A. in the. ground, but he averred that they had never found an ounce of it. The discoveries had all been made by the despised alluvial miners — the men who were the backbone of the country. He contended that the Go vernment should never grant leases un tli they had ascertained beyond doubt that the land did not contain alluvial r]*»-nncifc ,The Minister of Mines asserted ?! at every question in regard to the title had been settled by the coa-.t, and the resolution was altogether unnecessary. He admired the moderation of the member for North-East Coolgardie '.n ?introducing his motion, but observed that his speeches inside the House and outside were often widely different. He hoped, he added, that the hon. mem ber would excuse his frankness. Mr Vosepr, in replying to this subse-' quently, said he would like to remind the Minister of Mines that this sort of thing was not confined to himself. The Premier must also plead guilty, and he was glad that the right hon. gentleman did not use the same sort of language in the House as that with which he favored his hearers when he went on his little excursions up country. He would not, for instance, in the House, call Opposition mem bers 'traitors' and 'croakers' and irre sponsible agitators,' the. epithets he employed elsewhere. Mr V'osper had something derogatory to say of the Goldfields Act ; and the member for Coolgardie asserted dogmatically — 'There is nothing wrong with it.' 'That,' retorted Mr Vosper, 'is the hon. gentleman's opinion. Of course, he knows all about it; he has been down a well — and,' he added as . an afterthought, 'some people regret that he didn't stay there.' Reference was made to inflammatory speeches which was said to have been delivered by the leaders of the alluvial ists, and Mr Illingworth attributed this deplorable proceeding to the -too liberal use of whisky. This brings to the mind of the writer a verse of dog gerel, read somewhere, at some time, and written by I. Donohoo which, il lustrates what an exuberance of 'spirits' may be responsible for — I've heard, with no ghost of a smile, One miner reciting a sonnet, In tones you could hear for a mile (This fellow was properly on it). Another, in language sublime, Sketched out the plan of Creation ; Convinced he was there at the time, 1 Suggesting some grave alteration. And so I would hazard, you see, A guess that can hardly be ri sky- That that which was said in Kal-. goorlie, Was said, as a fact, by the whisky. Mr Vosper, however, was more charit able, and asserted that the reason for the inflammatory remarks was a psycho logical one, the speaker unconsciously reflecting the opinions of the crowd he was addressing. The' debate lasted unil half-past ii, \- at which time there was no tangible result of the three and a half hours [discussion. ? Mr Vosper said he would not accept the responsibility of withdrawing the motion, but when the question was put, his was a solitary 'aye.' . 