A SOUTH SEA TRAGEDY." The steamer Moresby which arrived at Sydney 011 Tuesday morning after n cruise through British New Guinea and New Britain has brought news regarding the Sea. Ghost massacre and punishment of the ringleader. The Sea Ghost, u 16-ton cutter, was recently chartered for the island trade. She was in charge of Cap tain Kolshorn, and the other members of her crsw consisted of half a dozen natives recruited in Bismarck Archipelago. The cutter sailed under German tricolor, and on leaving her head quarters made for tho German .Solomon Xslunds. It was at oil': of these islands called Buka that the Sea Ghost made her first call, and she hud hardly reached an anchorage before there was an ottack 011 the crew by the shore natives. The native?, as usual, put off from the shore in canoes, but in his anxiety to keep the vessel clear of dan gerous reefs the captain had not noticed that they were swarming on hoard the cutter. Captain Kolshorn was descend ing the rigging when the attack was made. It was a complete surprise for liiro, and, being unarmed, he had no possible chunco of defending himself. He foil mortally wounded on tho deck, his body, so tho story goes, being horribly butchered. Four of the native crew made a desperate fight, but odds were consider ably against them, and they were soon overcome. Tlis other two natives were taken prisoners, but they by some means or other managed to escape. Meanwhile tho vessel had been run ashore, and hav ing been looted of everything of value sho was subsequently destroyed. Tho captain's body had been thrown over* board, and tho remains of four native seamen were taken to the village for a cannibalistic feast. The report reached New Britain in due course, and a punitivo expedition, in charge of Judgo Sclinoe, visited tho scene, and succeeded in cap turing the nativo who was a ringleader in tho attack on tho unfortunate crew of the cutter. Ho was duly fried at Herbert* slioho before Judge Schnee, and con demned to be hanged. Tho execution was expected to take place shortly after the Moresby left for Sydney. 