FREE LOVE COMMUNITY. , ruwie altentiou Has again been called to nu undesirable religious association calling them selves 'Tho Sanctified Church' or 'Tho Sanctified Band,' by nn attack' made by indig nant citizens on a colon; of thorn on tbo banks of tl.o Chowau Kivcr, noor Montroao, North Carolina, The fight, which occurred unmn Hav-t ago, resulted in tho death nf one woman nnd tho wounding of several muu, some of them sun ously. -? ' The S»miti0ed Cliuroh ' is ono of the roost peculiar religioun organisations iu tho woild, and is the only onu of the sort iu America, Thu teachings of the leadt-rs aro repugnant to American idoea and American oustoms, and ths law has mvernl times ? inter fered to stop the evil practices dons under tho cloak of religion. Tho Albomarlo section of North Carolina ia filled with various colouie^, all members of tho general orgunisa tiouof tio 'Snuolifled Band.' 'i'boy livo in bouts, which the; cull arks. Constructed of rough lumber; these arlts are mciely house boats, wilh neither sails, ours, nor olhor means of jutoluolion. Sometimes the; are dragged up on Ibobuhk tthen it i« decided lo make a pro tracted slny. WLen launched again tho ark drifts around ui less some passing boiitmau gives it a cublu and tows ii to some other town or landing. At moro than ono town the inhabit ant of tbeno arks hupu beon told,.either by a drlcsutioa of citizens or tha oflicers of the law, that they must move, and a refusal to hoist anchor has resulted in war. TI.e arks vary in size, but they ars all tho same. Jn one end ia a Amull room containing a cooking stove nnd kitchen utensils. Hera tho food for the inhabitants of the craft is pre pared. Adji.iniog is a larger room used alter nately as % dining-room and meeting-place, where public and private worship is conducted. In thn other end of the bout is another largi r room u«ed as a sleeping apartment. No privacjr ia given Ihe occupants, and tbov sleep together; regardless of sex, age, or relationship. Tha public are frtely admitted into tho kitchon and assombl; room, but no one is allowed to enter ths sleeping upnrtment except those who ara ' sanctified.' It is a sort of hoi; of holies re- - serred for th» exclusive use of members of the) ' band. The discipline of the Sanctified Churoll teaohes thut ao one can go to heaven until he) ur sho has become aiuctitled in body as well as) iu spirit. This ?? sanetiucstion ' tak.s place instantly, and is not a matter of growth, and it renders the ' sanotified ' persons incapable? of sin. This is explained as meaning that! nothing that a ' sanctified ' person does is or can bs sinful. A.cts whicb\ would be wrong in the unsanctilled arei pcrftcll; proper when cummitted br those) whu have been purified by this sanctiflcntioa prncess. The; assert that u civil marriage IN no marriage, and that a sanctified person caunot) dwell with the nnsauctillad. Thia logio has) caused husbands to dxiert, wives and wives to) desert husbands, and the teaching of it bad been thu cause* of thu attacks nindo oia 'tho sanctified nands' b; thu dwellort) iu the towns the bunds havo visited'. Tho Sai ctilied Church hid its origin eight) yeurs ago on Chincuteague Island, Aocoinud County, V», Joseph Barnaid Lynch, the nchesO man on the island, claimed to have been viaitedl by lu angel during a trance, aud to havo been told that be was 'sanctified.' He began! preaching his doctrine, and -oon had a number) of followers. Another regulation of the t »ucW Bed Church is tha s;stem of having ' fellow watchmen.' This regulation requires each mala msmber and the wife of another member? daily to ' watch aid pra;.' Single woment are uot allotted to become ' fellnw'watchrnen.'* 'Tho Sanctified Bond 'is a free-lovs society; Ignorant Men and Women. - Even those who were most bitterly opposed; to ths doings of the ' sanctified band ' weub t» their meetings out of curiosity. If they baot wives or children they camo away with curses j if not, tbry departed with laughter and wentt again. They wera first amused, then inter estod, and lastly converted. Three weeks ag» things came to such a pass that ths residents o'.( Cbowan couut; made up their minds thalf they could stand it no longer. Word was passed arou o d that a movement wns to bo made) against tho ' Sanctified Band.' A great ran rival meeting was schc'duled by the 'Sanctified) y Band,' for Friday evening. Wood wail gatherer] for ' watch fires ' and placed in Rreatj heaps on the margin of tho forest behind thit arks. The converter! families living iu thti . region round about gathered at the spot earlv in the evening. The unssy plots were full of? ' quiot groups, discussing sin and sanctiflca.liou« the weather, and the peanut crop. Shorll.y after sunset there aroso a foft tiand-clappiurt in uu open spacs uear ths shorn end oil one of tho arks. Immediately erery member oV the band rallied rouud the loader, a f«U, dumpy man, with n full moon face, and pretty; soon the air resounded with a corn popping chorus of band claps. It reminded uuu forcibly of ths calisthenics of a kiuilcrgirleu. It was not) applause, but a sort of preliminary hallelujah^ Right in the midst of it all there came the, sound of a horsa [jalloping alung thn dim trail leading from the upland, tho crash of swinging/ branchea, and - broad batted vnung farmer, u late convert, dashud into Ihe Orelighr., ahnut rn», ?? Clar out, ;ou'uns ; tho oubeliovers isi ' comiu'. . They'llbe h;ur in nn hour.and tho;'r« Did Joseph Lynch and his sanctified band flii.cb? Not a bit of it. VVhpn ilid ever a rimatic flinch at the approach oE tho gallopiuir ghost ou Ibe white horse ? Faces went pale, und teeth weru set, bnt that was nil. ?? Tho Lord'n will bo done !' suid ouo. ' God save ' us I' cried another. Half a dozc-a men began to put nut the fires. Ths women ami children ran to 11.0 iirkB. Tbe eight fumilii a living over i« Ihe pine flats hustled into their wag/ions and rallied aw»y into tl.e woods. When everybody whs oa hoard tbs urks tho four housolike struc tures were unmoored, und pulled slowly and labsriously into the stream until they woro fifty yards from tbo shorn Here tha anchors were cast, aud the sanctified band waited for tbu \vorBt. The womou were ntlirst apnt into ths rooms an the river sido of tbe urks. Then as time passed on without incident, confidence wan restored, and the members of tbo ' Sanctified Band ' resumed their accustomed places. At uutcb, while tbe others slept. Theso men crouched »long thn little gangways at the sides of the arks as quiet as death, lu.iido they could htur au occasional fragmentary prayer from snme of the women. On the east hunf thu dark wall of forest with the moon flouting above it like a i-ilvcr bull. Tbe wbip-uoor-wills were crying to each other in tho dark just, as ti.ey had called r.vtry night since the arrival of the arks. Jt wus past midnight, und thu watchers wera about tu turn in. ' I guess it's nil u mistake,' suid one of them. At thnt instant from tbo forest there rnmo tbe sound nf breaking twiga and the murmur of voices. Dark tornm flitted i.luug tbu shore in the nioon- laci d slmdonn. Tl.eie. nero smothered txclumalinns of surprise and disappointment. Then, after a brief puus-. ttmre came tie rattle and crush of firearms and tbe loud shrieks. a»d cries ot startled women and chiidreu. The bullets came ripping through tho sides of Ibe ark without cessation. Then somebody — u woman, evidently — struck up a song. It'was — I will »ri«o and go to Jesus, Ho will embrace, me in HU arms ; In. the arms of'my dear Saviour. Ob, there are tin Ihuusuinl charms. Tho BDKg died away in a groan. Tho fnii lade closed, liaucous crits, dimes, aud threats were heard from the river bank. Then silenco fell, eave for a sound of moumivg in the arks — u wail of prayer aud of weepiug. The Caro lina Regulators hail pjid tbe first instalment of their resmitment in blued and death, ur.d uuo of tbe best known of Joseph Lyuoh's women converts hud paid tbe penalty of convenion with her life. She was tho Putty Watkins of tbs '? Smictilicd Bind,' so far as siuglug and i-nthusiasn) went, and great was tho grirf among tbe converts -t her Buddi n death. Vet, not a word was said in bitterness ugaiusl Ihoso who had killed' her sure that the; jrera ' pore sinners and onbelioteri,' Printed in New South Witlet. 