A VISIT TO “LAMINGTON.” A contemporary publishes an in teresting account of a visit which one of its staB paid recently to Mr George Marner’s residence, “ Lamington,” Vic toria- road (Vic.) Upon arrival the visitor was received by Mr Marner him self, who had many noteworthy things to say concerning himself and daughter, which the energetic pressman soon turned into copy. “ I thought I would lose my daughter, Miss Alice,” said Mr Marner to the re porter ; “ she was overgrowing her strength. Medical men could do nothing for her.” Here Miss Marner entered and quickly told how Dr Williams’ Pink Pills had saved her from death and disaster. “ I commenced, some two years ago, to feel very ill after returning home from school," said she. “ I did not feel suf ficiently unwell to take to my bed, but experienced a continued languid feeling that made me most miserable. Father took me to see a doctor, and he said 1 was over-growing my strength, and I was not to exert myself, As 1 had no in clination to do so, there was no fear of my disobeying this order, and 1 took the “quinine tonic” given me, with regu larity. Then I commenced to feel acuie pain's in my shoulders and back, and at night 1 could scarcely get any rest.” •• We tried everything to induce sleep,” interposed Mr Marner, “ but it had no effect; then I consulted a well-known Collins street practitioner. He said my daughter was suffering principally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took her awtty for a trip to Queensland, but she returned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in the morning : any food taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh and became a mere ghost.” “ This time last year,” said Miss Alice, “ I weighed 7st. 31bs., now I am 9st. 7lbs." “ A great • improvement ; your treatment must have been bene ficial ? ” “ No ; all the medicine I got did me very little good. Actually, Dr Williams’ Pink Pills for Pale People deserve that credit. Just before the Jubilee holidays, father bought me a box of Dr Williams’ Pink Pills, at Mr Pleasance’s, Chapel street, Prahan ; they did me so much good that I continued with them. It-is a long time since I discontinued taking them, and I am now ns healthy as any one could wish. “And you would recommend them ? ” “Yes; and that strongly too,” said Mr Marner. “ Had I known of Dr Wil liams’ Pink Pills two years before, it would have saved me a hundred pounds.” The tonic properties of Dr Williams’ Pink Pills build up the constitution, strengthen the system, enrich the blood, and improve the brain. They are a certain cure for indigestion, ailments arising from the heat, pimples, skin dis eases, liver and kidney troubles, bilious ness, anaemia, sleeplessness, rheumatism, lumbago, loss of physical strength, i^itWrhwtiMillfcihjijaln irregularities, de W^Tke, loss of vital forces, &c; Obtainable from all chemists and , w r -nr w&ianis; Medi dealers, or from the Dr TompaUt cine Company, - Melbourne, who Fhfj;3b.-res for 15s 3d, or one wfll forward sixdbtfree> box lor - Vjoisenous imitations sold at Beware ore ^ t]ian the genuine Assist upon seeing the full name, SJ ™iiams’ Pink Pills for Pale People, f ..ch box purchased. Imitations are "ngerous. 