What n Pig May BC. Peccaries are the pig3 0f Central America, aod wonderful tales are told of their prowess. They roam the forest in herds, and woe betide the huuter who meeis with them ; for uuless ha can climb into a couvenieut tree and pot then* ono by oue from the branches, they will re luce him to absolute mincemeat almost in a moment of.time. They are fond of assaulting railway trains and dash impetuously forward to meet the approaching monster. Half the herd are killed, of course, and the train goes' unooucernedly on its way; but the rest of the pack turn up next day, punctual to the moment, to renew the attack, and so on until' but one last survivor is left to immolate himself in heroic but futile protest against the advent of steam. Then, if you want to kill oS a herd of peccaries (whose flesh make excellent bacon), there is only one vray to do it. You must lie up concealed among bushes, in a spot which commands the hollow log where the animals sleep at night. • The wayof. the- peccaries isio return towards evening, like the Forty Thieves after one of their predatory excursions, and back into, their log one after another, the last to enter— who is generally doomed by the force of circum. stances to lie with his head outsiie—. being expected to act as sentinel. As soon as they have settled comfortably down, you take careful aim, and shoot the lonely watcher through the ha J. If you plant your bullet in exactly thj right spot, he turns a somersault and gives up the ghost, while peccary So. 2 in no wise disconcerted, brings his slumbers to a close and promptly takes his place. A second ' shot follows and he turns a somersault also, to be succeeded in his turn by peccary No. 3; and so you go on, steadily shooting, until the log is empty, and the ground in front of it is strewn wit.i the dead and dying. It is excellent sport; only if once you miss your aim, and fail to plant your bullet in prec.sely the proper place, all tbe peccaries come at you with a rash, and nothing bat the utaiost agility in tree climbing can possibly cave you. So, at least, the legends run. 