A BULL Ar. LION FIGHT. The good people of Roubaix, iu the north, of France, celebrated National Fete day last week iu a peculiarly atrocious manner. The programme of amusements included a round of bull-fighting, and "a grand wind up" in tho shapo of an encounter between a huge Hon. "Goliath." and a SpaniBh bull, the contes- tants being put together in |t large case. Tho result was most disappointing to tho spectators, for Goliath, horn and reared in captivity, proved a cowardly brute. He "roared splendidly." but the shouts of the bloodthirsty spectators and mad rush of tbo goaded bull cowed him completely. The first encounter was decisive. The bull gored tbo lion's flank terribly, and in the madness of pain Goliath bit off the bull's ear. But that was his only attempt at reprisals, for next mo ment he was rolling on the ground, bleeding pro- fusoly and groaning with agony. Meanwhile tho bull stood with ready head waiting the lion's next move. When it came it was a desperate attempt to get anywhere out of the range of tho toro's terrible horns. To do so, Goliath tried to climb tho bars of the cage, and as ho roso tho bull charged again, driving his horns into tho hapless lion's mouth. The wounded bruto bit savagely on the horn and scored the bull's thick neck with a blow of his paw, but It was a last effort, for as the bull drew off for another cliorga Goliath rolled over in the last throes. In vain did tho Gliulos try to irritato the poor beast into a final effort; in vain they tried to mako the bull charge onco again. Ho would not touch the inert tawny mass, nnd Leo gave up iho ghost whilst 14,000 presumably civilised- bolnga cheered tho victor, and heaped maledictions on tho van quished. So far the authorities do not appear to havo taken any action against tho promotors of this inhumnn show, and further lion v. bull fights ore on the tapis. Bidel, tho menagorio man, had offered to put ono of liis lions against two of Maxzantinl'a best Sparish bulls. The toreador, on his side, says he will match on© toro against two lions or tlgors for £1000. 