WOMAN'S WHIMS. (By 'Altiora Peto.') Ddring eleven months of the year, the public is preparod to keep up an appearance of sanity — so far as is possible. But one month of chartered idiocy it must have. Take November and be silly in it— the gods who watch over Australia have sure decreed. Town is given over to horses and wins, and dreams of wins. Even scandal ha given way to the language of the nuko, an ft a friend writing tome from Melbourne pord trays with scintillating sarcasm tho annua Melbourne invasion. Toe same authority is responsible- for the gossip that a lady, whoso profession is the oldest in the world, wore the smartest gown at CaulficM on Cup day. A black, radiant with sequins. To perambulate Pitt-street just now in tho region of the Marble Bar, is to invito expectorations on the hem of your skiit, and the language of the ring and the gutter in your ears. All tho sharpers, spiolers, confidence-trick men, and bookmakers in Australia seem to forefather thereabouts, and if any meek little women raad Troth, which I_ believe they do, they aro hereby warned what to expect in tho locality indi cated. It seeni3 to mo that tho i police 'move on' nobody iu these days, except poor creatures of a certain class who have had the bad luck to earn their ire by not seeing or caring for Mr. 'Robert.' There is no ' moving on' in Pitt-street that I can Meanwhile everyone is preparing to flit Melbourne-wards, at least everyone you meet tells you she is going, but that is nn old gag. Many a 'she' stays at honi2 with the blinds down (while hubby is aivuy 'blowing' the lot) and pretends she is away. Same way as regards the mountains in the dog days. Besides Cup dressos, morlistos are up to their eyes in work for the summer girl. You know her, don't you ? She has got to be au institution in Australia as in the rest of the world. The summer hotel is tho citadel my lady will seek to storm presently with trunks and baud-boxes. The weapons aro principally these, as everyone knows, of this heart-breaking summer girl, whose soul is intent and her bow strings bsnt on any thing up to an earl. The newspaper hoardings were full lip early in the week about tho Battle of Glencoe (and so was I). And I couldn't 1IU1U k Ui-iilUUil ill 111 UUlilll£ LUC liuiUUlUUIlv;^ that the blackest mark of treachery and butchery in all British annals heretofore was the Massacre of Glencoo in another century. What if this should prove another such disgrace ? And will there be another ghost ? Litterly thero has been in Sydney a loud and continuous cry-outagainsttlio unsightly advertising hoardings which defile the walls, palings, and even trees in our city and suburbs. Well, last week I was visiting in what regards itself as an aristocratic locality, when what should I see but the walls surrounding the family demesne of the man whom every one regards as the second wealthiest man in N.S.W., placarded with fadvts. for which he is, I presume, paid a good rental. 'Scrooge' is the appellation pertaining to him among his acquaintances. A little while back he donated £2,000 to his church. (By tho wav, he holds a big mortgage on one of the best known chuichej in the city.) Well, folloiring on tha gift to the church the salaries of all his employees were cut down tho next week. He even wrote to an Insurance Board, on which ho was a director, advising salaries to be les sened, as tho year had been an ' iin prophetible ' one. Truly, my friends, this is the Age of Cant. The shade of ' Jannery ,' Davies' spelling still projects itself into Cabinet Ministers. For instance, during the past week, one Minister of the Crown writing to a depart ment addressed his letter to the 'Boru:l of ? Fact, I happen to know. The locally made Dreyfus drama, which last week agonised the Criterion stage, is attributed to George Rignold and. Walter Bentley of Scottish-Richelieu memories. If playwrights were umcnablo to law for bad I woik, the two might find themselves in j a serious place just now for this infliction on | the playgoin'g public, which, out of the full- I ness of its purse or its liver, takes every I play seriously. To bogin with, one may as '? well dramatise Balaam's ass as Dreyfus, j now, who is practically forgotten by tho : public, which only lives in to-day. Tho ass j story would be just as fresh and as interest- j ing to them now. Wretched paltry dialogue, ; bastard French, and good old staple inelo- ' drama of an Irish policeman and a willing ; slavey, are what the present infliction is ( built on. On the first nightscarcely anyone knew their parts,mummors wentoff thostago i by wrong exitdoors, the voice of theprompter j and of Rignold also, to 'go on' were i audible in the d.c. The gods laughed in derision when Dreyfus kissed Madame and Beenied to think he was glad of tho excuse, and hopsd it would often conio his way. i And English isn't evidently tho forte of the ] present Criterion Company any more than | is French, one man on Saturday night say- j ing ' degraced,' when I presumo he wanted to get ' disgraced ' off his chest. As play wrighting, ' Dreyfus' is a ridiculous etfort, though the mounting and limelight are according to all Rignold's traditions, good. Another record broken by a woman. Mrs. MacSweeney of the Hope and Anchor Hotel has a grievance with Tooth and Company regardingono of thoirmany tied houses. She had told her troubles to members of Parlia ment, and some promised her the assistance of the , law makor, but there the matter would end — for them. So on Wednesday afternoon, with the Ladies' Gallery all to her own generously- proportioned self, she addressed 'Mr. Speaker' and the House, leaning right over the gallery and speaking right at the Government. 'Members were struck dumb, momentarily; In rushed the meek, suave little man, whoso charge is the Ladies' Gallery. 'Madame, you^nustnot, you must leave tho gallery'; Ifut she downed him in one act, though he did get so near as to put his arras round her. 'Sergeant, remove that person,' said the Speaker, but by the time that lady killer, had arrived Mrs. MacSweeney had most of her say out, yet she stopped to finish it. and I feel quite sure the smileful 'Larry' never Deforo held aggressively such an armful of femininity. The rest of the House, of course, was in roars of laughter, and the other galleries were cleared. Some members cleared too — into captive down stairs. The Jack Tar who addressed the House from the Strangers' Gallery last week wasn't in it beside tho fnn caused by the lady. As a variety show things are improving by leaps and bounds at Her Majesty's Theatre or Chin Music HaU in Macquarie-street. Some people should be a little more prudent in those Parliamentary rooms, when they go to partake of coffee and other re freshers. Members, or at least somem'embers, don't seem to remember that not only walk have ears, or also that doors require closing. For example, one evening recently I saw through an open door one giddy old Beau Brummel kissing another fellow's wife. I' have been asked since what kind of a kiss it was, fraternal, platonic, etc ! Well, all kisses uoder such circumstances, look alike to me— like the Coons in' the Criterion song. The engagement is noised around of a young (and some say promieipg) member of Parliament for a country constituency to a brainy and also promising woman journalist in Sydney. Both aro well known in School of Arts circles. Gonts*bf the bachelor persuasion, — a word in your ear, which, as I hear some wag remark, is worth two in the bush. I have somo information- which may do you a bit of good if you Will only trouble to cross the briny. But don't let on. Keep the secret a? idark as possible, so that-young unmarried chaps who read other weekly newspapers won't benefit by it on the cheap. Now, if j'ou are all ready, please, I'll go ahead. 'The preponderance of females ovor males in this world is carried to m, really alarming extent in Royal circles, a/d (says the ' Poll Mali Gazette ') it seeni3 rathor a bad look out for the marriageable princesses of Europo, as a great number of them must remain unmarr'od, unless they choo3e to make morganatic marriages. There are at present no fewer than 71 European princesses belonging to the reigning houses, who -are of a marriageable age, while tho corresponding princes number only 47.' Tin not a matrimonial agency. On tho contrary, I'm a philanthropist. What I say is this : The young follow who would see a beautiful and ripfi-.yonng princess commit spinsteritis wheuvfuriiiturc is cheap and there is such' ad' institution as the hire system, is:i't worthy tho name of a kipper, let tbuu a man. Go in and win. Matrimony (even in a Morgan-attic) with a princess,can't be such a bad business. 1 ... Here is a paragraph from the tony London 'Sketch,' which reads as if inspired by a tutor of the young man whom we hope won't reign over us long, unless ho changes his tactics considerably. England's ignoranco of things Australian isn't losing any of its depths mid shoals. Mark also the labored f acetious noss : 'Some of the biggest professional men in Australia— judges, members of Parliament, not to say Ministers — aro said to bo old 'lags.' Probably the luckiest moment of their lives was when they were ' put away.' An M.L.A., who the other day alluded to 'an honorable member of this House who was in gaol for 10 years,' was asked angrily for an explanation by nearly a dozen other members I Not very long ago, tw6 old ebpnets were tried for a new offence. Ono nudged the other in tho dock and whispered, ' Do yer know the beak, Bill ?' 'Know Mm, I've chewed, his ear.'' Now, you Australians, it's j our turn to laugh at tho ignorance of allegedly sure. ior English knowledge. I heard an electioneering yarn through the week, which seems rather good. The seeker after Parliamentary fame came ono day to a way back station, the manager of which invited him to lunch. During the course of the meal, Sir. Manager asked ' Are you in favor of tho Single Tax !' 'Oh! no,' returned tho other, 'on the contrary, Tm strongly opp--sscd to it.' ' Then you shall have my vote and sup port,' replied the station man, ''for in these hard times, I think it's quite hard enough to keep one'l self, let alone a wife.' The Rose Show at Sydney Town Hall, spectred by his X. on Thursday afternoon, was the most ajsthetic exotic picture pourfcrayed , in that, building heretofore. Leviathan palms, under which one always sees in imagination dozens of ebon children, stood inside tho hall, near the entrance doors, with heap3 of pot plants in tho vestibule. Inside, roses everywhere ; also carnations, sweet- peas and pansies. Iu the centre stood, the cynosure of oil eyes, a plant called 'Medenilla Magnifica,' from the Philippine Islands, iu a perfect glory of blooms, looking like long pieces of the palest pink coral. Tho whole scene struck an ox-quisito note of Nature and Art. One felt a strange deadening of thought, a dreamy sonsuousness, as physical as mental. The champion Hose of this year is a ' Madame 'Coehet,' an immense seductive bloom grown by Mr. Halstead, of Hnrst ville. Another strangerrto Australia was a South African bush tirikling-wkhtiny wlu'te bells hero and there, -tippcd.with the softest red a painter can mix. Glorious orchids, real works of art from the Botanical Gardens, and collections from the bush and stone houses of Mrs. - James Marks, of ' Elystan,:- also impressed themselves on your soul. The baud played lazy swinging waltzes and 'Belle of New York,' things which fieemod to harmonize strangely with tho subtle odor of the sweet pea and the 6ccnt of the roses, accentuating as it were, tho odors. / ? Lord Beauchamp came in a soft blue shirt, with yellow small buds in his coat, and simpered out that iie was pleased 'to de clare the show now open.' His Grace with' the thin calves, wore a short black gown, and was attended by a miniature parson, both contributing to tliB accentuation of the thin calves; and dipped his nose into tho various blooms in an unmistakably affectionate way. And to their credit, be it slid, most other people also,! seemed to regard tho flowers, especially tho roses and orchids, as sacred. Some thoughts are prayers. Tho ever use ful Calvert was also there, as he is every where, always ready to be one of the ' leading citizens of Sydney.' Mrs. John end Mia. James Marks, and Mrs. Maiden, headed th3 list of feminine floral celebrities present, and lots of other women looked big and important— which is a way of theirs. The Early Closing Bill, as it has often be fore, passed its first reading on Thursday night without much ado, and no apparent opposition. What mil become of it next ;W6ek, when the second reading and the debates on it came on, ho one knoweth. But this I do know, that doctors earn more fees from women and girls, owing to the long, dreary, slavish hours of standing in shopB and their concomitant disorders ami diseases, than from any other single cause. Pale, anaemic physical wrecks. And why ? because of the sweating dons and the lone grinding hours during which they stand - ana serve. Moral wrecks. Many more of them. And why ? because of the starving wage paid in these dens of sweat and shoddy and poisoned atmosphere. Much does the average Potts Point woman core for the wrongs or the woes of the white faced cnature who fits her gloves or papers a parcel of pins for her. Not until a Bank or a mine 'buBts' and Tier own Ermyn trude has to turn out and get her own living —Then Bhe knows. I read a sneer written by a woman in a Sydney paper last week, at the Early closing movement and shop girls in general, whose ' best friends' she avers arc domestic servants. Such a vulgar sneer at cither shop girls or 'servants is only worthy of an addlo- pated Jittle shop girl, whoso brain has been atrophied by contemplation of the glorieB of journalism. 