ST. ANDREW'S NEW SCHOOL HALL. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. There was a fairly large gathering of people at St. Andrew> Church yesterday to witness the' ceremony of laying the founda tion stone of the new school hall, which is at present hi course,of erection. Prior to the ceremony a service, was hold in the church, at which the Rev. Hume Robertson, of Castlemaine, moderator of the Bendigo Presbytery, presided. Amongst those present besides his worship the mayor (Mr. A.. Haykness); who was'attired in his robes of office-and- the' mayoral chain; Kerb Or. A. S. Bailes", M.L.A., Messrs. W. A. Hamilton; M.L.A., W. Honoybone (town clerk), .Barkly -llyeiivh 'oacou UacCul laglij ' and the Revs. A. S. C. James,. R. Lowers and J. H. Maclcay. Apologies were received from .Messrs.' J; H. Abbott and Jos. Sternberg, Ms.L.C. A hymn: of praiso, hav ing been, sung and .^portions of Scripture "read, the Rev. R. Lowers offered up prayer. The Rev. A. S. C.- James then addressed the congregation; • He: stated that it was, originally intended tcr hold the service oiit:' side on tlie-site of the new building, lr.it on account of the hot weather it was deemed advisable to get through as much of the ser vice as possible indoors. The new building, when completed, would not onl}' be very use ful for the work in the Sabbath School, but would be a,n. ornament to tliafc part of the city. It was suggested that Dr. James ■ Boyd,.-who was one of the'committee of man agement for the laying of the foundation stone of the old school hi 1855, should be asked to take part in the ceremony, and lay 'one of the two. stones, as at first proposed, hu,t.rthat. gentleman, 'who was in New South .Wales, had wiitte.n-sta.ting that he could not possibly get to Bendigo for the occasion. However, they were glad to have his worship the mayor present, not only because he had occupied the position of chief citizen two years in succession," but also bccause lie al ways had taken an a.ctire interest in church work. Mr. Hyett then read a statement of the building fund,; which-showed that up to the present ,£651/14/7 had been collected for the inanse, and ,£321/9/11. for the school liall, making a .total' of -.£082/4/0 'in hand, leaving .£1217/15/6 yet' to be obtained. Afe'ssrs Yv. H. B. Neill; Wm. Hunter and T. IT. Ho-.dov so'n were specially mentioned for their.liberal donations. '. . The congregation, headed by the mayor, then adjourned to the building site. ; Tho Rev.'"A" S. C. James presented hi-: worship with a beautiful engraved silver trowel, with which the latter .proceeded to perform the ceremony of laying the stone. The. mayor stated that it gave him trrenl pleasure to lie present that day. ITe had very great faith in the Word of Clod, and ever since lie came to Ileudigo the good v.-ori; -of—teaching that Word liad- becii 'going on at St. Andrew's. He went on to Kay that, if the Wore} of Holy Writ Was deposited in the young aiid- tender minds, the children to whom tliie instruction was imparted would grow up |ta be good citizens. The building, the foundation stone of which they were now laying,, was to be devoted to -that purpose. After seeing that the stone was in position; the mayor said, "I declare .this, stone truly undr faithfully laid, in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost." • -Under (the stone a Bottle was .placed con taining cjopies of the local newspapers, the "Presbyterian Monthly" and.. the., coins which wore taken out of the old foundation Stone, together with ecclesiastical documents containing the: names of the heads of the ,ch,urcli ai;d the present minister and office-, bearers of St. Andrew's. It is worthy ofnote that the! bottle was placed in the original stone of lS55. The following' inscription was engraved ion the face :■—"Erected to the Glory of God and for tlie cdxicatitm of the young. This memorial stone'was laid by .Iiis worship lltQ maytir of Bcndigo (Cv. A. Harkness. K=C|., J.P:.), loth March, -1899;" , ; • The B^vl .T. H. Maekay then offered up prayer, arid the assemblage dispersed afterthe singing of the doxology. ; 