FARMING AT ENCOUNTER BAY. Encounter Bay, May 19. Grass and feed have shot up amazingly during the past few davs. ihe heavy rain of the earlier part of the week having greatly benefited the young grass and preen crops. It is estimated a larger area will be crop ped in the district than last year. Hay is plentiful in the district, some' fanners hav ing good stocks on luuid, in fact, larger than requisite for local demand?. A good deal of Algerian oats are grown, principally for hay. A small area was sown with lin seed last season, and at 10s. a. bushel it paid well. Some few years apo a quantity was grown, and producers allowed the ex periment to lapse, but it is estimated a larger area will lie sown this year. Dairy cows and stock generallv are looking well, and the jiroducers in the neighWhood of Inman A alley are quite sat it-tied with the rainfall they have uad and lue prospects of a goosl season. All The grass paddocks are looking well, but the plains are much more backward, owing to the lightness of the rainfall in comparison with last \cn son. The various orchards in the district, where specially-selected fruit trees were planted .at the beginning of last season, have made rapid growth, an.1 arc looking strong and healthy, and should repay the growers in a year or two, especially as the district is free from the various fruit peMs tliat can.*: so much trouble in other parts of the colony. Although rabbits are to be found in i be sandy country, and have been known to exist for a numlior of years, they have not inerea-'vd so much as 'to become a pest. Opossums and waliaoies are numer ous in the scrub lands at Waitpinpi, and between Port Victor and Willunpa, but when work is scarce huuting camps are formed, and a large nuruner of skins are annually sent to the Adelaide market many making fair wages. POUT AUGUSTA, May IS. On Wednesday night seven natives, who had l-een sentenc- ed to six months' im prisonment in Port Augusta -iaol. arrived here by train from llergutt in charge of Mounted-Constable C. Johnston. They were tried at Alice j-priiij;s for cattleMcai inp at Temiie Downs. Six of them are wild natives; the seventh has been here before. They are from three different trilics. and speak as many languages, two only (of the wild ones) being able to understand each other. They were taken out to the gaol at Greenhiish this afternoon. At the Police Court on Tuesday. l-efore ?T. T. Keats, S.M., Patrick Mannion was charged with beinjr a paujier lunatic. The prisoner, who had Iicen under remand for a week for medical observation, was, on the certificate of Dr. R. E. Shutcr, ordered to be sent to the Adelaide Asylum. MINLATON'. Mav 17. Inspector Smyth examined the public school here to-day: nearly SI nor cent, was attained. This is deemed very satisfactory considering that liurinj the year there has been a change of teachers. A good number of members of St. Bene dict's Church and their irieniU a.-s.L-int-led iu the In.-titutc Hull on Tuouiiy eviiiiiig to welcome the Kif Anglican i-ieiirviiian (Mr. Bleb;.-) to t!iv district. Tiie i.i.«iiJ iiijjs- took the lo:i:i oi a suciii). A wnwl programme of v.v.al iir.d isi-tiiiim-mui selections was well caniiil nut liy laily ami pcnlteman amateurs. The Harmonic So ciety, under the cunducLoi-hip of Mr. Mayer, lent v;ilu;:ii!e aid. On bchali of lW meinbers of the ilnircli, Mc.-m-. Mallow, Hi'giiis, Mayer, Carell, :m.i Mr. lieid (Mount Rat) welcomed Mr. I.leliy, and the Rev. H. Chester, on lieiiah of llie Wus-ieyan Church and the rei-idonts of Miniaton. ?'?J-o extended a -ordi.il welcome to the new clergyman. Mr. Bleby suitably ivpiied. CLAltE, May IS. Dr. A. A. Smith occupied tlie chair ;st a meeting at Gray's Hotel, in coiino-lion with the .Stanley dunces. Mr. II. O. Ro|-er was elected m?vi etai-y. and the fol lowing committee was appointed: — !ir. A. A. Smith (chairman I, Messrs. .1. (lirisli son, It. Davids S. II. Uavcy. 1!. E. H. Hope. W. Kimber, .Stan. Smitii, and It. H. Tilbrook. AUBURN. May 18. On Wednesday evening a dramatic i-er- formanee was given in the hall. Tlie pieces presented were 'Bluebeard' and 'Old Gooseberry/' The characters wore sustained as folW-s:— Bluebeard, MsVs L. Webb; Ibrahim. Master F. Linron: f*'!im, Miss L. Webb; F.-uinia. Mrs. J. W. Yeat man; Irene, Miss D. M. Ycatman: ghosts Miss Ethel Ycatman and Master C. Ycatman: pat!?'. Mas ters C. and E. Ycatman: Old C.oose !-erry, Mr. W. F. Kcynes; LsMira Corker, Miss' M. A. B. Limbert: Simon Snap shot. Mr. O. H. CasHne; Matty. Miss L. Webb; ramokeeper. Mr. C. Buriicld; gar dener, Mr. F. E. Ilarkla. MOONTA. May 18. On Tuesday last Mr. and Mrs. O. H. Provis were' tendered a coniplimcntary social and dance prior to their departure from the town. They will be greatly missed as they had made many friends. 