TOWN TALK Our Melbourne letter, together with other matters of interest,will .be found on the front page. In Saturday's issue will appear some verv interesting correspondence sent to us,"by a lata Geelong resident, from Dawson city, Klondylie. He graphically ? describes the state of affairs in that frozen region, stating that Australians stand the severe climate well, although at Christmas time it was at from 50 to 60 below zero. Mr "W. Gurr, M.L.A., made a_ special visit tc Melbourne yesterday with tho object of removing all ground for mis conception in regard to the registration of those who are out of - employment in Geelong. As a result of his representa tions, Mr M. E, Kornot, the district engineer, agreed to accept the list taken by Mr,Irwin of the local water supply office, and it will not be_ necessary for uien who, as yet, have failed to do so, to get their names registered in Melbourne. All those who registered their naines_ at the water supply office will be ^ ieligible therefore for the next ballot, which will be taken on Monday next. The men who get successfully through the ballot will be notified by card, and they will be required to present themselves _ to the inspector, in order that he may judge of their physical fitness for the work upon which theymay be employed. Our Melbourne correspondent writes : -" The business on the Geelong main trunk telephone line has increased so much as to justify the laying down of a sscond line, and the PostmastersGeneral has given the necessary authority for this to be done." ! The steamer Federal, which is running in the interests of Messrs Huddart, Parker and Co., is to arrive at this port on Saturday morning to ship a cargo of produce for intercolonial ports. She is to take her departure the same evening. The large steamer Boveric (Messrs W. Howard Smith and Sons) is due here to-morrow evening from Melbourne to discharge the balance of her cargo of coal, consisting of 600 tons. The frequency with which, the showers of rain fell yesterday prevented much headway being made with the loading of the barque Nithsdale, which is shipping wheat for the United Kingdom. How ever, her cargo was supplemented by 959 bags, and, should, the weather prove favorable, the vessel will be fully loaded this evening. The sailing vessel Viking is to be docked in Melbourno preparatory to visiting this port to load a cargo of wheat, and the Loch Rannoch is also ex pected to arrive here next week. The steamer Norkoowa, of, Messrs M'llwraith, M'Eacharn and Co.'s line of intercolonial steamships, arrived at this port yesterday morning, and the work of discharging her cargo of coal, consisting of 2100 tons, was prosecuted vigorously during the day and evening. The whole of the cargo iB to be locally discharged, after which the Norkoowa leaves direct for Newcastle. The steamer left New castle at 6.25 p.m. on the 13th inst., and passed Sydney Heads at 2.10 a.m., and Cane St. George at 1 p.m. on the follow ing day. Montague Island was passed at 9.15 p.m. on the same day, and Green Capo, Gabo Island and Cape Everard at 4 a.m., 6.35 a.m. and 10.45 a.m. respec* tively on the 15th inst. TJp to this point of the passage the steamer had a smooth sea, and fine clear weather prevailed, with light north-west to westerly winds. Heavy irains and strong north-westerly winds were afterwards experienced. At 4.11 a.m, on the 16th Cliffy Ialand was cleared, and at 6.20 a.m. the steamer passed "Wilson's Promontory. At 6.10 p.m. on the same day Cape Schanck was left astern, and shortly after midnight on the 17th the vessel entered Port Phillip Heads, and arrived in Corio Bay as before mentioned. Excepting the heavy rains and strong winds met with, the steamer had a very fair coastal run. Cantaiu E. S. Deal is in charge of the vessel, and Mr A. Stoddart is associated with him as first officer. ? The Geelong Kifle Club, which answers a useful purpose in turning out some capable marksmen, whose services can be requisitioned by the Government in case of emergency, is in want of funds with which to supplement its limited ex* chequer,1, and with the object of improv ing its financial position arrangements have been made for the holding of a concert in the Mechanics' Hall this evening. A varied and attractive pro gramme has been prepared for the occa sion, and the effort is one which is well deserving of the support of the public. Double quartets are to be sung by the Liedertafel Quartet Party, and the voca lists include Mrs Laird,Miss Ada Wilkms. Miss Rashleigh, Miss Laura Nicholls, and Messrs J. "W. Tingate, G. Burr, J. Shrinipton and G. W. Wheatland. The instrumental music is to be furnished by Miss Austin and Mr S. Brearley. The songs and duets in the first portion of the programme arc to be illustrated with appropriate limelight views to bo shown by Mr A. Gunn, the well-known Mel* bourne lanternist, nnd the concert should prove of a most enjoyable character. The prices of admission are Keserved seats, 2s; body of hall, Is. TboMyra Xembla Comedy Company concluded its season of three nights in the Mechanics' Hall last evening, and, despite the squally weather, played to a moderately filled house. The excellent patronage of the public, under the cir cumstances, was probably the result of the announcement of the production of "East Lynne," a drama which has an irresistible attraction for a section of the local theatregoers. - The company gave a curtailed version of the piece, and the evening's -programme, also included severafsongs by Misses Bay Jones and Rita Aslin, and the staging of the first act of the farcical comedy " Dr Bill. This was a jump from grave to gay, but the audience evidently liked the mixed bill, judging by the applause freely be» stowed upon the performers. Under the Explosives Act vendors of fireworks are required to take out a license, the fee for which is one shilling. Tho Queen's birthday celebration being dt hand, the police have been directed to see that the Act is complied with in this respect. _ At tho request of the Torquay Im* provement Association, life-saving appa ratus is to bo provided -by the Koyal Humane Society at . Torquay to meet emergencies that are apt at any moment to occur at a much-frequented seaside resort.-'"'- ,. . It will, doubtless, interest some of our readers to learn that Miss "W. B. Norman, who this month completed her training as a pupil nurse at the Geelong Infirmary, has been nominated for appointment as ehar"o nurse at tho Adelaido Hospital, and will, therefore, leave this colony for her new sphere of duty at an early date. Nurse Norman is the eldest daughter of Mr R. C. Norman, secretary and supenm ! tendent ? of the Alfred Hospital, Mel« bourne. An embarrassing experience that is not without its humorous aspect foil to the lot of a bridal couple who were Bpending their honeymoon in a . Geeloiig suburb. The young couple toot up. their quarters in u furnished house that was placed at their disposal by some friends, who were spending a week out of town, bat the arrangement "was unknown to a male member o£..the family,"who : was in possession of a latchkey." The latter returned homo unexpectedly at night, j and, knowing thut the members of his own household were away, ho was startled to hear a strange footfall in one of the I rooms. Without waiting to investigate j the circumstance, he-hurried off to the local police station with the . information that burglars were in the house, and it was a strange surpriso party that the newly wedded pair received in their room a few minutes later, several neigh* j bors, as; well as the police, having been i alarmed.' With rariny blushes the young couple explained the situation, and they were left to enjoy their honeymoon with" out further molestation. The gaol mortality list for the second 1 quarter of the year was increased yester day by the death of an old man named John M'Elliott, who was serving a sen tence for vagrancy.. . A magisterial in quiry into the circumstances of the death has been arranged for to-day. ' The remains of the - late Mrs. Hadley, wife of the Bov. J. H. Hadley, of Sebas* topol, were interred yesterday afternoon in the Wesleyari portion of - the Eastern Cemetery, and the funeral was largely attended. The deceased, lady was a daughter of Mr R. -J. Andrews, and the body, which arrived from Ballarat by the midday train," was conveyed to the Tarra-street Wesleyan Church, where a memorial service was conducted by the Eev. S. Knight, assisted by the Revs. J. Nicholson and E. W. Nye, of Ballarat, the latter giving a" short address. The service was very, impressive, and there was a large congregation present. Tbe coffin was carried out, of the church amidst the strains of the " Dead March " played by Mr S. Brearley, and the bearse was followed to tbe Eastern Cemetery by about 20 vehicles. A short service was held at the grave, and the- pall-bearers were Messrs A: Miller! W. Thackrah, R. Clarke, Gr. Strong, H. T. Howard, W. H. Searlo, W. R. Anderson and C. Sparks. Great sympathy was shown for Mr Hadley in his sad bereavement, tho coffin being covered with floral tributes sent from Bullarat and Geelong. The funeral arrangements were satisfactorily carried out by Messrs Wellington Bros. A few minutes sufficed for Messrs W. R. and J. Anderson and G. M. Hitchcock, J's.P., to dispose of the cause list at tho police court yesterday morning. A Junacy patient was committed to Kew on the evidence of Drs Jjmith and Marwood, and a number of undefended debt cases were decided in favor of the complain ants. A fire broke out during the early hours of yesterday morning in an unoccupied weatherboard house in Saffron-street, Chilwell, and the building being very old j burnt like matchwood, the flames spread ing rapidly to au adjoining.tenement also unoccupied. The Newtown fire brigade were early in attendance, and seeing that the flames had a strong hold on the buildings tbey turned their efforts to save tbe promises on either side occupied by Messrs Dupe and Thomas. This they succeeded in. doing, although the wall of Mr Dupe's residence became ignited more than once. The buildings, which belonged to Mrs Sarah Jones, of Grant-street, Pitzroy, were condemned four or five years. - since as uufit for habitation, and were uninsured. Tho failure of a boy named William M'Farlane to return from school caused his parents so much anxiety last evening that they acquainted the police with tbo circum stance. It appears that ho had been absent ing himself from school without tho knowledge of his parents, and the fact, was discovered yesterday by his mother, who threatened to communicate it to her husband. Dread of a parental visitation no doubt accounted for the boy's prolongod abaenco, but tho severity of tho , weather made his absence a subject of greater concern to bis relatives, and the poliee were requested to lend their assistance in tracing his where abouts. Edward Charles Hurry, who was recently liberated from Beeehworth Luoatio Aeyhim on probation, visited Bullarat- on Saturday, and placing large orders for goods with various tradesmen, tendered valueless cheques. In tho majority of eases he received ohange, and spent a right royal time. When verging upon intoxication his inju dicious references to various medical officers associated with the lunatic asylums of the colony led to his actions being regarded with suspicion, and ho was arrested. At tho City Court yesterday morning Hurry was com mitted to tho Ararat Lunatic Asylum. In prisoner's possession was found a gold watch, valued at £20, which, it is believed, ho obtained from a Melbourne jeweller. It has been reported to tbe police by a man named William Overend, in the employ of a local firm of drapers, that a handcart waa stolen on Tuesday afternoon from outside a place in Myors-streofc. He explains that tho mifsing handcart was borrowed from bim by another man, who left it outside a place ho visited, and found it had disappeared on his emerging from the premises. The policn are inclined to think that juveniles are at tho bottom of tho affair, and that the missing cart has been concealed in some out of tbe way ; place more out of mischief than with any other intent. The value of tho handcart is I stated to bo 10s. . A mob of eighty horsas from Queensland arrived at Albury on Tuesday, but wore not allowed to cross tho Union bridge into Victoria. The horses were intended for the i Wodouga sale, but tho Victorian Customs authorities at tho bridgo refused to allow them to pass, as tho tick regulations had not been complied with. It seems that before Queensland horses aro eligible to cross into Victoria they must have been at least three months in New South Wales. This lot, it is i stated, has only been within' tho mother colony's borders for one month, and so they must remain on tho other side of the Murray for two months yet before they can bo brought into Victoria, A Ballarat youth who had bcon playing ghost, or whoso behavior was such us to lead to the belief that ho had boon engaged in that silly and injurious prank, felt into the hands of a stulwart miner at Redan a niglit or two ago. Ho is very sore and sorry now -tho miner's wrath was great and tho hand with which ho smoto phosphorescent sparks out of the V ghost" was hard and heavy. If. seems queer to talk of a ghost having bruises all over him and limping in his walk, but the days of miracles aro not past. This ghost (says tbo " Courier") is blue in pafchc?and | it walks as ono who had suffered. Since its appointment tho Government board of citizens inquiring into tho unem ployed question has boen inundated with correspondence from all sorts and conditions of men, each of whom suggest a panacea. On Tuesday Mr Gr. M. Prendergast startled tho members at tho meeting with an announce ment that one man had told him he was en gaged in writing a letter expressing his views on tho question. It had already reached 124 folio?, and he had not nearly, completed his task. A suggestion that tho work of digest ing this and the other correspondence bo relocated to a sub-committee was'accepted, with an eagerness that, under the circum stances, was excusable. According to a statement mado by the Minister of Mines, some 200 applicants havo already been lodged with the different; mining registrars throughout Victoria for | gold-dredging leaseB. .Tbo area comprised in these applications is 02,000 acres. : Ten I leases havo already been granted, comprising l I an area of not more than 000 aores, and all ' the ground in these has been personally j inspected by the Miniitor beforo the leases ' were granted.' Beforo granting any leaso ho assured a deputation ho: would personally inspect tho ground, as he had done in the | eases already dealt with. Wherever a lease applied for intcrferediwith - the agricultural industry or disturbedexisting interests ' prejudicially it would not be entertained. ' For some time past tho retirement of tha Chief Commissioner of Poliee ? has boen anti cipated, in conscqucnco of Mr ChomlevV having passed the superannuation limit, and because of his ill-health: Ho has now com pletely recovered, and there is no prospect of an immediate change.^ The Government has decided that Mr Chomley shall" bo retained for another 12 months, or for a shorter period, if his health should requiro an earlier retire- I ment. - .ii i-i ' ' ?? - -I A serious rebako was administered by Mr I Justice Walker, of New South Wales, sitting . in bankruptcy. Ho stated that ail insolvent j named Mitchell seemed to think that Iia had . 1 a grievance in connection with matters aria- j 1 ing oat of the administration of the court, ; and had put his caso in tho hands of Mr < i Gillies, hia representative in Parliament. j : Thatgentleman uddrosBed himself to tho. Department of Juslico^ and, failing to get j satisfaction there, sent on tho papers to him, endorsed, " Presented and urgod by J. Gillies, MiP." Thia was an improper act, and if it wero not called forth by ignoranco it was an attempt to bring political pressuro on the bench. Even if nothing of that kind woro intended, it was a pieoo of shear im pertinenco for ft member of Parliament fo address himself to him in respoot to a matter before tho Court. Owing to tho activity at present prevailing in conncction with mining at Pitiield, tho Ballurat city council'has passed a resolution urging tho Government to construct a rail way from - Ballarat to Rokewood. Mr Stapleton, M.Jj.A., baa received a letter from the secretary to tha Minister oC Railways, stating that Mr Williams had inoluded the lino in the list ho intends to submit this session for tho consideration of tho Cabinet. It is proposed that tho railway shall tako in Pitfield Plains and Berringa. At tho May sittinge of thoBonallaSuprcmo Court, presided over by Mr Justioo Hood, u young man-named Green was presented on a charge of murdering his father at Yarra wonga in April last. The fatherand son had had a disagreement, during which tho father threw a buther'a cleaver at tho ion. A few minutes later^the father ontorcd his son's room with tho view of putting tho latter's property out, when the son hurled the cleaver at his father, with tho result that a wound was inflicted from which tho father subsequently died. The jury returned a verdict of man slaughter, with a recommendation to mercy, on the ground that the accused had received great provocation. He was sentenced to two years'.imprisonment. The balance sheet in connection with tho recent annual oonfercuco of tho Australiau Natives' Association at Port Fairy thowa that tha receipts from all sources amounted to £209 2s 3d, the largest item being a sum of £87 2s Gd received from tho sale of ban quet tickota. Tho expenditure, though tbe hospitality to visitors was unstinted, fell short of tho receipts by £40 3s 7d, which sum remains as a credit balance. According to tho officers of tho construction' .branch of the Railway department, the solu tion of the unemployed difficulty is to bo found in what they term a " vigorous na tional railway policy." Tho Engineer-in-. Chief states that lines in tho roallee country can be constructed at an average cost of £2000 per mile; and it is accordingly pointed out that tho expenditure of £'250,000 annually would bo tho means of thoroughly opening up the country within a reasonable time. The lines to bo considered by tho Cabinet for submission to Parliament next session are now being reported upon, and tho department is accordingly more than ordinarily busy. Other work tbat is in hand includes tho pre paration of plans and specifications for the Beech Forest narrow gauge lino preparatory to calling for tenders. It is thought that tho railway can not ba mado for the limit fixed by Parliament, and if it cannot, tho de partment will not be sorry. Contributors to this column must not unduly encroach upon our space. Unless re ports are written in brief, and on one side of the paper only, thero is always a danger of their rejection. No announcements of events to take place are admissible unless they refer to advertisements in another column. Corres pondences forwarded for publication must state whether it has been bent in duplicate to any other newspaper. All letters must bear tho name und address of tha writer, not neces sarily for publication,.but, as a guarantee of good faith. Mr U. F. Richardson notifies his salo of produce this day, also several conveyances at 1.30. p.m. Received: " Tho Australiau Farm and Home " for May. Mr W. Gurr will sell by auction at his rooms to-day, at 2 o'clock, furniture, furnishings and sundries. Messrs Hendy, Leary and Co. will sell by auction on tho property, Noble- street, New town, residence of eight rooms, etc. For par ticulars see advertisement. It is announced that a general meeting of creditors in the sequestrated estate of John Colcott, will be held in tho Geelong courthouse on Friday, tho 2<Jth inst., at 3 p.m. A concert in conncction with the Fyansford Cricket Club is to be held at Fyansford to morrow evening, and the programme will bo contributed to by a number of Geelong amateurs. A dance takes placo after tho con cert. A meeting of tho Geelong Canary and Cago Bird Improvement Club will bo held at Duck worth's rooms at 8 o'clock this ovening, after which there will bo an exhibition of canaries of the crested Norwich breed. 