federation. (To the Editor of the Scrutineer J . Sir.— It is pleasing to see tbe work taking tho stand thoy aro in favor of a united country. Wo all admit that tho working man is tno bono and sinew of tho country. It would, indoed, bo a curious thing if tho. makino- nf n im.fn/l nnftnn j tho hands of McLaurin and Pilchor tribo, but no matter whothor for good or bad thero is always opposition. Dr. McLaurin and his followers aro of courso in tho swim. Thoro novor was an agitation yet that thoro was not men against it every time. Wo havo now mon who fought against tho Bill tooth and nailtwelvo months ago, nnd suroly thoro must bo among them mon of vory wido viows who now soo in tho light of day tho advantage of Federation to tho good of tho working man. The Trade's Hall in Sydnoy is taking tho cause in hand, and whon unity is good to trado it must bo good in othor cir cles of life. The most ominont of tho church and state aro taking a country in hand to make it what it ought to bo — ' first ilower of tho oarth, and first gom of the sea.' Australia is all ono all over tho globo, and why should well-onliglitoned mon try and stop tho progress of a young country God knows it is bad enough now for tho want of good times, and I don't think it can bo worse if it will not bo better but there is one thing cortain and that it will be botter for all working men. Tako a lesson from such men as Mr. Carrutliers, Mr. Yarwood, and scores of others, who soo tho advantage of fprlnvnt.'rm Tf »11 i to give tho fully anticipated increased employment the Anti-Biltftes would havo to say thoy had boon pulling the wrong rope, and would fling back to Dr. McLaurin, tho same abuse thoy aro giving Mr. Reid now. With a solid voto on tho 20th. Juno wo pan all earnestly hopo for a united nation. I don't think Dr. McLaruin will havo a ghost of a show in any of hi3 under takings ; ho will havo to bo contented to tako a back soat, and say : — 1 ' As for Bonnio Annio Laurie I would lay me down and deo.' Yours, otc, A Wo'mnxa Man. Exeter, Juno 8th. 