THE CHINAMAN'S WORLD TO COME The strongest of all religious feelings in China, which has nos.hing whatever to do with Buddhism, is that of reverence for one's predecessors. It is weaker in the extreme north than in the south; but that is only natural, when we consider the influence of the Tartars, many of whom still desnise the old and neglect the (lead. Nctwithstaudling this, the feeling llly he dercrihed :s univer sal. The i.dea s"erll to be thatl acll lhu:man being is merely a link in the cn,!iess family chain, and that if anreestrai sacrifices are neglected, or tale heirs nott forthcoming, the continuity of existene will be Ibroken. Thus it is that, however colmlon infanti cide nmay be,, maile children are nlever nineur dered. Unmarried females are almost an unknown phlennormenon in China, and a woman ceaslng on mnarriage to belong to her father's family, women are regarded much in the light of merchandise. In the same way the continuity of existence is broken by the loss of a limb; hence tile deeply rotted objection to surgical operations. In tile whole empire it is hardly possible to find a Chinamanl with but one arm or leg. A crinminal naturally dislikes execution, and strangulation is much more painful than de capitation yet withi the head on the shoutlders ,one can always make a presentable appear ance irn tile world to come. That worldl, ;rccording to tihe China man's inborn notions, is simply a repetition of the prescut, onte, and nlothilng more; the same nlandarins, rqueezes, plieasures, andi evils. The idea in stacrificing to the spirits is to keep them quiet in their new sphere, and to prevent them from coming back to "howl " for assistance. Even the Emperor, in conferring postihlunos lhonours, invari ably winds up with the wordre, " anid this in order to comfort the migrated soul." So far as a Chinese has any :rnticipatiorrs olf future Iliss, he simply coo tem plates a repetition of his present experiences. If he is a bad man here, he will be one there ; hence ie conforms his conduct to good just so far as he does so with a view of gaining human credit on earth and no fur ther. There is no drelad of dealth, except in so far that it is painful and a ad s?everene. Though the Buddhist stories of tieaveu and Hell are freely reperoated, no Chinaman neriously believes trhem,nor is his condrctever motived, as it is with Christiana, by hoper and fears of what may happen in a future life. Tire true attitude of the intelligent classes towards religion,writes Mr. Edward H. Par. ker in the '" New Century Review." in thitt officially laid down by the Emperor Tao Kwar.g. grandfathler of the present Emperor. It is in effect " All religions are nonsense : but the silly people have always believed in ghosts and after-life. and, therefore, in order to conciliate popular feeling, we are disposed to protect every popular belief, including Christianity, so long as there is no interfer ence with the old-established customs of the State." Confucius hrad no religion, and evenl declined to discuss tihe question ; his system is revered simply as the embodiment of de cency and order. From our point of view there is a slight touch of priggishness about it; but anyway, it is the Chinese version of " the religion of a gentleman," even though thegentleman nay not exist in large numbers. As to the popular attitude towards religion, it need not be discussed at all from an academical point of view, being simply a bundle of ignorant prejudices. From a practical point of view it is, of course, extremely important, for it is by no means a matter of indifference to us that the Chinese peasant or labourer should imagine that we use babies' eyes for phetography, indulge in merrstraus immoralities, despise our ances tors, play religious tricks with convert women, and such like things. These super stitions arc, not grosser or more dangerous than were the middle-age notions current in Europe touching witchery, heresy, and supernatural:agency. It is simply a question of education; r not only book- larning, but good roads, travel, commerce, interchange of thought, kind treatment, and reasonable concession on our own side. 