FEDERATION. THE MINORITY SPEAKS. What has the majority done ? | They have disposed of onr lands, 1 fcqaandered the proceeds aad created a large nntional debt. By a system . of competition and freetiade they have spread a lot of as out, Banks incloded. Now they want to find fault, with the size ot the country, and attribate their want of success to the watit of Federation. What next will sonny New South Waltjs b# subjected to. If the wealth of the country -is the rain of the country, how great, is' their wealth. It. is the want of immigration one tune and the un favorable seasons another. 'It is never the want of capacity. Just, as ;if God's earth was never intended for liabitation. Some cointries may take better management than others, bat yod have not proved . ypui-selves capable of managing any country. If yoar actions go to show anything, they go to prove that, yen are in capable of securing a living for Teareelvcs if subjected to the influence of yuur . own conditions.' Yon ' make places fer each other, I admit, but you forget that if the Governor's position was the.enly occupation here lie would be the only inhabitant: \- What Would he' do with alt the wealth ? He could not eat it. I'guess lie would have to work. If lie did not he woald be mily j%. parasite, Of coarse he would be a parasite if be could not live by his wits. For those who are masters of the sit nation there is no excuse, and if onr institu tions are necessary they should be nsed for the purpose of receiving those who exhibit mental incapacity. Advance theory tn such people and they will tell you it is impracticable. That hus got to be proved. Tins is already proved: Surely it. is more reasonable to suppose that the physi cal class could provide for the mental class than that -l.e latter could pro ? T.de for the former. Thero can be IMJ IIUIOIICI nnj i.. p.upic than to give tliera tlmir liheity to neenre a livin^ nnder what conditions yon -choose toJ impn-e opon them. Unrh wages or low Swages make no diffrrenre. That won't keep the acah.or the man out of employment.' We'niast have work waiting for men, .mot men waiting for work —if work is n tji'stsuiy.^ , I ^Ueation that.. I would itke to knosr ij,h'at has- becomn et the work of the anoients, and, if it suited them, .why Tt wonld not ' suit ns— or wbs6gnn.rS.nteB -have wethat posterity -will not rob n« ont. Before we go federating we slioiil'd see to this : MAJORITY JiULE. Tliete is a ^rreat djial said about .... majority rule, but I ycnfjjVe to show y«.u it is not mnjoi-ity rule. M--joritv mle is when the q nefit ion cnm«s from ?*:. the -pehplt'. not when it, is curried by tlie pVopl^. becftnsp iHi.l' n^t. or iginate frnn ike pep^lf, fsetinn. Then tlie.people only follow. They do not . leacL ? Let the people^ bri ng forward q'lestien, and if ihey .rule let tliem-' carry it.' That 'is majority role,, not mockery.- Nor c«ii it lie^snid .that our present condition is the re*ult of the ?witiflem of the niajoi Ryi bnt a factioa «f--political . adyentni*i^.-t These are the people who rnn the? country. 8It is taey who -are 1 o u d es^.t i £ . t h ei r c ry . for iwe man- one-vote jtiid womanhood. «tnffrage, which, in other woiti*, mesas give them a show to t un .the coantry. . The Crown pat# forward noqnesfion*, . they simply keep the quest:on goiti'g. It they , do anytliinjf jrthey ..place obstacles iri your way by requiring a:. -c«r-iifth'8 mnjoiity to pmre yonr iecapaoity. The pa uko is rotten, rand -admitted' fey everyone. They 'si-resl yoar progress and say that iBomething . iwi-toi' i« .required of'' yoii. - Not- 'that Fedpitfon -woald not he an ndvanjase H^der «*nr preseat -^pditions, -bnt if they are fonl we are only compound. \- ? jag them. It in impossible for me to .- #ay what - Ft.*d eratjoii -wil i forpa*teiitv. I venlurii to nHylliat it'1 ' ' f rt i ii nTei-y cn-nfnRed Mfkte t^gl'npg t i in -ItwiiliiiepHve ||irtanity of fighTtih^ 'ont j -this eoaiin^i^it ion with w 1 - i ch /ive «tood«hpuldej-tofthon1der; - F«»r those. [ in ft»1t»ow it 'inn*t be a; veiv nice ^ ^ jnto to nee him they-\pa:n' «iiij»-awHy ; 1 ike i ginist, (esvhtjf nl I lubiir rneni - ' ^^. niifnM jftnd ntrike* to come liiter' .V . ?...I8fe.. perf»'ap« %hen thcy might lje * fc^ier /poiHt^B^o fitij an nccnpa^cm ^ *v tobmy yoar Father, nnfl* say let t hedead hnfy its dead. Qire them best. *Ti|ra wrojies won't make, a right. They. pmiDiiiejjiis.tbat ihd t lie other, . Whiat i-! it your j labor members have «-it . }-n)inia- d? Do yeu snppose the federal inndidatea are uot Lalwmr mem hers Plir-y are La boar members nil .right ; nnd, you oppose them' the innjoi-ity will asaist flieni. What Hot*« it matter' who holds the peti tion ?? The majority would rather see them hold the position than you. What does your action prove ? Why many of tou would be willing to snp port the csnse you condemn, aiid abandon all previous obligations. This is clearly proved when you swear your allegiance to the Crown, nod take your seat, in the Honse ; while they are only indulifintr ytiai passion to allow yru to sit there at all. They conld do what they havn to do without yeu. But, for the annbyxuae of you, tlieir duties would be tiimple, executvd more quickly, and with better effect. But this is not a settlement of the social question . We want men and measures far superior to anything we have. For them we most look to the minority. The majority ia a pig, that, if yon were to spi-ak the truth to, h*» would tear yon to pieces; or else be prepared to admit that any condition of life was trood enongh to excuse their ignorance. Tlu-y could not stand the humiliation of their ignoi- ance being exposed. To succeed with the majority you must flutter Iherii ; you must assist them $ yon must talk of unity, not of divi sion. Tbe man who Delongs to NO PARTY is the enemy of all parties. That's ni9 : no party, bat jill parties. Then you ask — ' What has that to do with Federation P ' It has got this to do with it : But . for Federation, 1 woald have had no occasion to. write. Yon, very naturally, say I cannot stop it. I say, if I don't it. will be stopped upon some other occasion in another direct ion. They cannot always get away. They will find themselves cornered some day. And, doubtless,' if America and the colonics bad not been discovered, the problem wonld have been settled ero this. If tb'is is what Christians call progress^ call me not a Christian. You say again — 'What has that to do with Federa tion ? ' It has this to do with it : What have you done with the pro ceeds of the sale of our laud (which yon refuse to use yourselves, or make nsefnl to others?) Are yen sot com pounding a felony f These are the ! people whom yon have to consult — the people with whom you liave ma.de contracts. How clever to give ns one raan-one-vote, to pass a measure of this sort ! Is it fair to them, or just, to assist yon ? By a system ef- free : trade and democracy you cruel their prospects, aud shirk your obligations. The, majority fight their own shadow. They, wear an impression of jnnncy, and their actions prove it. ' Physi cian, heal thyself.' My troubles about, them. I make no quarrel with them. They quarrel with me when they advance Federation. Nor do 1 quarrel with Wyalong or New South Wales, but with the - whole of the colonies. If competition is the life of trade, then what is good 'for the goose is good for the gander. We cannot allow the cart to diaw the hotse, at any rate. Give physic to the dogs — I'll have none of it. Lot ns see what- led up to this. I think it was Sir Henry Parkes who fiml. moved in the matter by trying to create a disturbance over the Murray question ; failing which, he made an elaborate address in the House in reference to the danger we stood ia with Chiua. He stated that there was no potentate having the power to do a thing would be de terred from doing so because it was displeasing to others. This could be said with equal truth of himself. We have it from his own lips that Sir James Martin was a rreat and geod man ; but although lie wan a Protectionist, he was not a.democrat. Yon' have it. from me n,i» tliot although Sir Henry was a. democrat, ?he was not a Protectionist. Which of these nien was the most respected — which .of-them was the most entitled to credit, O, monster Majority 1 -Yon/are good judges of the weather. If they gave you two votes te their one, aad did not rIIow yon to raise any question, they would defeat yon Then what good is *' Demecracy ? ' You- raise questions, and sometimes j carry them, aud what are they doing bnt assisting the cause yon ? condemn. Yon_ would net carry, them if they were ; not. Yon are progressing. Yop are progressing ina/ghost story. Yon make b pnntomi ne of God's earth. You are sfrnok with amazement and Winfusion when yon meet the truth.. Yon can see tbe ehd of nothing bnt your own pocket*, and, like yonr selves, thjit is sometimes either empty or fall of wretchedness. To prove that we #r ? company foryou Ve mast do somethinsr clever. We - mast pnU down the goed that another has done. Remedy' the evils that others hare ?made.- Like a child -'ton mother is the majority. ' Wm. Ltsli,. 