WITHOUT A HOME. Bt Mas. Baeb. hi ? * CHAPTER Vt A BEACTION. ' She keeps so still tbat I feel had about her,' said Landlord White to his wife the next mo'tn iug after Amy bad been imprisoned in the shed. ' Just go and take a nppn at her to see that she isn't al together dead.' ' Oh, you big baby I I believe you're afraid that she is dead,' an swered the woman. ' But to please you I'll peep in on her.' How busy Dave was just then, cramming down his food as if he never expected to see another break fast, not daring to look up lest his face should betray him. '? Why. the door is unlocked, and the girl gone !' said the woman, in surprise. 'Gone?' cried Dave and the landlord in a breath, springing to their feet at the same time, and rushing to the shed. ' Yes, she's gone,' repeated Mrs, White, a look of baffled rage coming over her face, ' and some one helped her, too. Was it you ?' she asked, turning sharply on the boy. ' Me ? Mother White, who do you take me for 1 After your warning last night, it is hardly likely that I would interfere again. Besides, you locked the door, and I hain't no keys of yours, have I ?' ' Not that I know of,' she re pnea, in a soicer tone, completely deceived by his manner and look of innoceuce. ' 1 guess tbat the spirits, which the people are talking so much about, helped her to get away,' he said, after a few uiomentB of auxi \- ous deliberation. ' Get out of this, you young ras cal, with your stories of hobgoblins and spirits. Who says there are ghosts in this house ?' asked the woman, every nerve in her body shaking with superstitious dread. A new idea flashed iuto Dave's brain. ' I say so. I see a ghost every night walking in the long passage near your room, moaning and wringing her hands. I have stood and watched her, and I know it is Amv'6 mother, for she keens talUii'e about her child.' The boy did not stop to considei that ghosts are not usually invested with colloquial powers, at least not since the days of Hamlet, and his listeners took no note of it, for they stood, with distended eyes, drink ing in every word, aa the boy en larged on tlm app-w»ncaof the un earthly apparition, with the tradi tional white gown floating about her. ' And if the girl Bhould be dead — drowned herself, for instance — not a soul in this house '11 be able to sleep for the moaning ? ' But Dave didn't finish the sen tence, for his mistress made a plunge at him, which he dextrously avoided, and fled from the kitchen, taking refuge in the stable and gave ex pression to some of the boisterous mirth tbat was convulsing him with laughter. Two hours after the lad re-entered the inn, bearing in his band a soaked shoe, such as Amy had worn the evening before, and held it up to the mistress. ' It is hers, and I found it swim min' on the meadow spring. The water looked so black and' mad-like that I almost turned sick.' The conviction seemed to come on her by degrees tbat she had driven the girl to commit suicide, » * but when it settled itself into truth, every vestige of colour left her face, and she fled from the room. - Upstairs her husband found her, and at once suggested that the spring be dragged for the body. 'No, no,' she cried, in alarm. ' Would you have me known as the one who drove her to it ! Just you say & word about it, and I'll make ' The Seven Stare ' too warm to hold you.' ' But Dave will tell it if I don't,' persisted the man, ' Leave that to me,' she replied, ?' If he breathes a whisper to any one, he'll not get the chance te drown himself.' So it was arranged that the body should remain where it was for the time. Word was sent to Jones' that Amy bad run away from the hotel, and totally indifferent to her fate, they made no inquiries about her. The days floated by, the days ran . into weeks, a month had passed, and secure in tbe fearlul silence that shrouded the terrible tragedy, the inmates of the tavern settled down to the old life. To be sure, the woman often started guiltily, and turned white . at every unwonted souud. How ever, tins fear was growing less, and some of the old asperity was com ing back to her face, when, Btand ing in the door-way one morning, she saw a sight that made her heart cease beating for a moment. At one glance she recognised the visitors, and rushed up to her room aa the couple drew their horses up at the door. Peeping through the blinds to find out iftbey had really stopped, she aaw the gentleman lift the girl ??» from the saddle, and she exclaimed : ' It is her ! It is Editli Mere dith]' CHAPTER VII. ? i UNPLEASANT QUESTIONS. | 'The lady is asking for me, did j you say, Dave ? Just tell her that I I'll be down in a moment. Why are you standing there, staring at me like a fool ?' ' 'Cause you look mighty like a ghost,' was the imprudent reply of the boy, as he gazed at the. white face of the woman he had come to summon. A look of rage flashed into her eyes, and coming closer to the lad, she caught him roughly by the nucn, uou i you say a wora auout, that girl if they ask you, or I'll choke you,just so !' and her fingers qlosed tightly over his throat. : He made an effort to disengage ? himself, as a ray of intelligence shot into his eyes. He knew now why )' the woman looked so pale and j shook like a leaf, for he had seen the beautiful girl down stairs be- i fore, and like a flash, it came to him , that she was tbe one that Amy had , told him about ! ' Let go my neck, and 111 pro mise you anything,'' he said. ' And keep it, too ?' *' Yes, indeed. Trust me to keep my word. Dave Roberts never forgets a promise.' The fingers relaxed their hold, and, breathing morefreely, the boy departed to report tbat the mistress would be along as soon as possible. When he was gone, Mrs. White took down the dress that she had worn to Amy's aunt's, more than BIT nroAlra ViofrirA nnrl VkflRtUv TnA.de her toilet, smoothing her hair as she! looked about for the glasses which ? 6he wore before strangers, because | it looked more respectable, she j thought. ^ ! 2sot finding them, she mechanic ally thrust her hand iuto her pocket ; and 'pulled out — not the glasses — ; but the money that Amy had been accused of stealing. This did not serve to calm her troubled mind, ! but putting on the best face pos- \ sible, she went down, smiling and \ bowing to the lady and gentleman J with au obsequiousness that nearly upset Edith's gravity. Oscar at once broached the sub jefct. ' My sister tells me that she, on a former occasion, met & youug girl here. Can we see her V \ 'To be sure you could, if the dear cbild was here ; but a ten-ible acci dent has happened since your sister saw her. The creek was very high, and just as the poor girl was cross ing it she fell in, and that's tbe last Uiatlios Aver been beard of her.' ' It is very strange that we heard nothing of this, and living not more than eight miles from here,' replied the gentleman, suspiciously. ' Was the body never found ?' asked Edith, with a face as pale as a pond lily. ' Bless your heart, the water was too high for anything of that kind. Couldn't begin to drag the stream with that flood rushing along.' ' What was ber name V' asked Oscar, abruptly. 'Amy Jones. Now I come to think of it, your sister married a Jones, didn't she ?' ' My sister's marriage has nothing to do with tbe subject, madam Please confine yourself to it in your remarks/' was the haughty reply. Edith, I can see no use in our re maining here any longer.' ' Nor L Oh, Oscar, who could have dreamed of our mission ending in this way ?' and the tear's sprang to her eyes. He bent his bead, and whispered : 'Be calm, Editb. Don't parade your sorrow before these people, or our secret will be theirs.' She hastily dried up ber tears, and passed out, leaning on her brother's arm, bravely keeping back tbe grief that was swelling her bosom. The horses were waiting, held by the landlord ; and lifting his sister into the saddle, Oscar tossed the man a crown for his trouble, and they galloped away. Miss Mere dith was a good rider, but it re quired all her skill to keep her seat, as, turning a sudden bead in the j road, her horse gave a quick plunge, I and shied to tbe other side of the turnpike. ' What do you mean V asked the gentleman Bliavply of a boy, who had jumped over the fence and scared the animal. 'I mean to be here just now,' was tbe sullen reply. ' That's a nice way to talk to a person when he wants to be of use to you. Oh, golly 1 didn't that old woman lie like the dickens V ' J)o you know anything of tbe girl, Amy Jones?1' asked Oscar, a dim perception dawning on his mind tbat be should get at the truth from the boy. ' More'n she'd like me to tell ' — pointing in the direction of the house, and shaking his fist in a vin dictive manner — ' for she said she'd choke me to death if I- opened my mouth.' ' Go on, go on,' cried' Oscar and Edith at once. ' Well, I will, if you'll give me a little time,' replied Dave, .puffing and blowing. ' It took mighty fast running to get here before you, and I'm. almost. out nt breath. , About two weeks' after you folks drove away in such high glee, Mother White came into the kitchen and told Amy that she had robbed ber. The girl turned like a ghost, and almost swore that she hadn't seen the money, but the woman shut her up in tbe wood-shed, saying that she should stay there till she con fessed. I. tried to keep her out, but the old one pitched me to the other side of the kitchen, and threw the poor thing in more dead than alive. I was cunning enough for her, though, and after they were all asleep I stole down and took Amy out to the pump, washed her face till she came to, and gave her all the money I had to take her to New York. Mother White really believes that she is drowned, for I brought in a shoe next morning, letting on I that I found it in the water. I did, but I put it there, too.' ' Did Amy know any one in New York ?' asked. the gentleman. j 'An old woman tbat used to j keep house for her father. She I thought that she could find her.' j ' Great Heaven !' cried Oscar, j growing pale in an instant. 'Just ! think of that child, alone in the great city, without home, friends, or money, hunting for a person, who may have moved a dozen times since she knew her. Editb, she had far better be lying beneath the cold waves, I fear.' i ' You don't think she has come ! to harm, do you ?' asked the lad. i ' It is impossible to think other- ' wise. But you meant well, and your secret shall be kept, for the time at least.' ? ' You'll try to find her, may be V said Dave, doubtfully. , ! '1 shall leave no means untried ; to do so. Cau I aid you in any : way ?' asked Oscar. j ?' Tf vvsyii -ion lijitrt ma tf\ O OlfliO- i tion, where I could find time to pick up a little learning from books now and then, I'd be mighty much obliged to you,' ' Do you want an education ?' asked the gentleman, Looking at him in some surprise. ' More than anything on earth,' answered Dave, with an eagerness that almost transfigured his homely, freckled face into a handsome one. ' I promised my mother on ber dy ing bed to learn all I could — to study hard if I got the chance.' ' I'll remember your kindness to Amy,' was the gentleman's brief reply. ' Good-bye.' . CHAPTER VIIL ALONft. fhe feeling of loneliness that came over Amy, when she fully realized j tbat she was lost in the great city, baffles description; and sinking ' down on a step, weary and hungry, the girl began to cry. The beauti ful faith in a divine power, which had been instilled into her wind from early infancy, seemed to recede from her. Presently a man's foot steps sounded on ttie pavement of ; the lonely street near her, and she | jumped to her feet with a cry of ! alarm. The stranger came close ; enough to speak. { ' Don't be alarmed,' he said, ' I'll ; not hurt you. What are you doiug ' out bo late ?' His tone and kindly manner re assured her, and going toward him, ' she exclaimed : ' Oh, dear, kind sir, I am lost. Please, will you put me into Thirty -second street? I have just arrived here, and must look for my friends.' I The pale beams from a neighbor ing gas-lamp fell on her face, and its exquisite beauty struck the man ' at once. Turning to tho light he I took out his match. j ' A beautiful girl lost in this great . city at two o'clock in the morning '. Who'll be the wiser if she's never heanL/rom at home ?' he thought. *' Have you any friends V he asked, aloud. ' None except the one I am look ing for,' was the imprudent reply. ' I am aa orphau.' A gleam of triumph shot into the man's eyes. ' Suppose you go home with me to-night, and find your Mends in the morning,' he said, in an insinuating tone. ' You are very, very kind to mo. Papa always told me that God would answer prayer, and I was praying, when you came along. I am sure He sent you to help me,' she added, eagerly, ashamed of the weak doubts that bad arisen in her hour of periL The gentleman— be was well dressed, and called himself one — smothered an exclamation of dis gust before it left his lips, and draw ing her hand through his arm, hurried her along at a rapid pace. After fifteen minutes of fast walk ing, he paused before a handsome house, took out a latch-key, un locked the door, and ushered bis strange .guest into his home. She entered without a doubt of honour of the man, felt no misgivings for the future, and laid her head on the soft pillow, when she was shown to her room, with a prayer of thanks on her lips to- the Fattier, who had been so mindful of her. (To be Continued.) 