WISE AND OTHERWISE. The latest autliorativc decision, to the effect that a reference to Ciesar's ghost is "unparliamentary," brings up some inter esting questions — What is and what is not unparliamentary; and which is the more indefinite, Parliamentary language or Par liamentary privilege? The member for Bnl- iarat at any rate is to restrict himself m future to references to Cesar in person, and must, when addressing the House, severely refrain from mentioning the ghost of that historic personage. So says Mr. lieazlcy, whose fondness for classical allusion is not all that it might be. When a new Chairman of Committees comes along Mr. Kirton may be given a little more licence, and lie may even be allowed— who knows — to bring in not only Ciesar's. ghost, but the shade of Banquo and the apparition of the murdered Duncan,- and Pluto and Cerberus, and other interesting and ghostly personages. After ail, there is a tremendous inconsistency in these matters. The particular principle that rules in one place would he laughed at in another. At one time the British House of Commons staggered under such a load of classical learning that a false Latin quan tity or a misplaced accent would send a smile round the Chamber. In Great Bri tain they have changed all that, and in Vic toria they never had it to change. " 'Tis ever common," said King Henry V., "that men are merriest when they are from home." Bendigonians reverse the rule. They are the merriest at home. Tliey make it uncommonly merry for the visitor, and preserve a solemn decorum amongst strangers. Indications of this solemnity of bearing, as -\vcll as of the pushful energy, which is held to bo their characteristic, were apparent on the occasion of the recent visit of the Governor to Mooroopna. When his Excellency stepped from the rail way carriage it was a Bendigouiun who re spectfully held the door. When he entered the town an ex-Bendigo minor was the first to raise his hat and give the "Hip — hip- hip!" When Lord Brassey proceeded to take off his travelling coat, a Bendigonian was there — 200 miles from home — to give the last tug to the second sleeve; and when he mounted the platform for the open air service, Bendigonians formed a guard of honor to right, left and rear. Bendigo men sang the loudest at the church service, and were the most fervent and pronounced with the responses. The mayor of Quartzopolis vied with the Methodist clergyman who de livered the Hospital Sunday, sermon, by Holding forth in a second discourse that was sublime in. its pathos. He told the story of the priest and the Levitc, who passed by on "tho other side," and left no room for doubt that the sinful neglect of those hard hearted gentlemen was not due to the fact that the battered traveller's pockets had al ready been rifled. "Who is your neigh bor?" demanded liis worship in' searching tones. A Bendigo Irishman gave the an swer. Mr. Sternberg, M.L.C., also of Ben digo, was foremost at the morning service, and, arriving before the Governor, was ap proached by one of the faithful with the timid request, "Would your Excellency like to read the collect and the lessons for the day?" A loyal subject in' the out-of-door assemblage signalised the commencement of the Lord's Prayer h.v lustily calling for "Three cheers for the Governor!" and a Bendigo visitor sternly admonished him for his irreverence. Still another Bendigonian helped out the choir in The Old Hundredth by "taking the bass." The good-hearted folk of the Goulburu Valley generously stood aside and looked on in silent admira tion. "You can't heat these Bendigo -fel lows," philosophically observed an' aged fruit grower; "they'll want to call the roll at the last judgment." Most remarkable of all, it was an ex-Bendigonian who com posed tiie following stanzas as the locomo tive steamed out of Mooroopna in the grey dawn In dreams I saw the pearly gates, r. And Peter on his beat; A I doffed my cap and bent the knee To kiss the sentry's feet. Ho showed his "No Admittance" card, ' And Baid, in accents low, " The few odd places left In Heaven Are kept for Bendigo." I pleaded hard for just one chance — ...- One foot of golden strand — Mere standing room was all I craved,' Amidst the Heavenly hand. " Young man," said Voter, with a frown, " Y'ou're modest 1 Go Uelow 1 " A modest man was never born In dear old Bendigo." The political situation in South Austra lia is so whimsically comical that there is little wonder the retiring Premier announced his resignation in the most cheerful and amiable fashion. Mr. Kingston has to thank the Opposition and a couple of "rats" for relieving him, with perfect honor, from a remarkably difficult position; and we may well imagine that he did not press Lord Tennyson very hard for a dissolution. His aspirations are for federal honors, and the Assembly, at the instigation of the Opposi tion leader, rcceiitly resolved that no South Australian shall he at one and the snme lime a member of the provincial and of the Federal . Legislature. Mr. Kingston had therefore to choose between Australia and South Australia; mid there can he little doubt whieli way his inclinations go; but, unluckily, having pinned his faith to carry Adult Suffrage through tho Council, his supporters had exacted a pledge from him that he would not leave South Australian polities (voluntarily of course) until he had carried it. The most comical feature of the position is. that the new Premier, Mr. Solomons, is himself a candidate for federal honors; and by his own motion, carried a fortnight ago, has debarred himself— until It blldlj JMCilbU LUc XXbbUIliUi 10 tUrU 111 III OUb of office. At Brunswick the other day a widow with three children, having obtained a subsidy of 5/ a week for one of them, proposed to put the other two on the same basis— con siderately offering tlicin one at a time as "State children in maternal custody." She owned candidly that she didn't do anything for a living, though she could do shirt mak ing, and police testimony showed that "women who work" do manage to bring up families of seven on the proceeds of that kind of labor. But the Brunswick widow evidently had a morq level head. Why should she work to support herself and children, if a benevolent Government is pre pared to pay her for looking after them? Tiie bench, ItuivcVcr, craned at the un blushing. application of tho principle of "boarding out" children of the State, and declined to further encourage the extension of family pauperism. The fame of Louis do Rougcmont, other wise Grien, which for a time threatened to overshadow that of the late Baron Mun chausen, is permanently eclipsed. Kruger's "envoy to Europe," Dr. Leyds, has easily outlicd the pair, and now holds unques tioned the champion holt for mendacity. There is, however, a certain difference be tween the three eminent professors of false hood. The inventions of Grien and Mun chausen were handsomely remunerated, whereas the superior genius Leyds has to pay the Paris press £10,000 a month to publish his falsehoods. The audacity of the libels is really striking. In every battle that has yet been fought in South Africa the Boers have treacherously used the white flag to gain a respite irom disaster, or lure their honest enemy into exposure; in every bom bardment, from Ladysmith to Mnfeking, the Boers have persistently shelled the hos pitals and the red cross flag; when captured they have been treated with the utmost generosity nnd humanity, and all England's influence has been used — and successfully so far— to prevent Zulus, Basutos and Kaffirs avenging their ancient wrongs by swooping down on the Boer republics while their buighers were surprise raiding in Natal, the Cape and Bechuannlaud. And now the Boer envoy coolly informs Europe that. Bri tish troops fire on the sacred white flag, the red cross and the ambulance; have armed black men to assegai Dutch whites, and are. treating the captive Boers cruelly. The impudence of Leyds is so sublime that I he himself evidently feels that it is too much j for one man to support, and therefore be has shared tho honors with Joubert, and declared that Slem Piet "told him so." It is curious, by the way, that the American consul at Capetown reports the Boer pri soners there to be "living in luxury," while the American representative at Pretoria re ports the Britisli prisoners there ill of scurvy through had food, and that Presi dent Krugor refuses to let Uncle Sam's con sul report anything further about the Bri tish captives. 