Mr David "Wilson, superintendent of exportable produce, has again a very cheery tale to tell in his annual report just presented to the Minister of Agri- culture, It bears gratifying evidence of the colony’s gradual hut sure’ recovery from the effects of the great drought that extended over the last few seasons, in volving a loss to the dairying industry of Victoria, if the output of 1895 be taken as a standard, of very nearly £1,000,000, or to be precise, £923,724 in the value of butter alone exported during the past four years. This season’s output, how ever, exhibits marked progress on the up grade once more, showing an increaso of £171,000 in the value of the exports as compared with those of last year. Dealing with the twelve months ending with April last, and taking the whole of the perishable produce exported through the department, including rabbits, mut ton, fruit, etc., during the season 1898-9 the increase in value, as compared with the previous season (1897-98), amounted to £233,326, the actual figures being as follow : VAXTTE OP EXPORTS. \1897-98 .£779,399 1898-99 1,012,725 This year’s exports of butter alone should be worth considerably over £1,000,000, and in this connection the .building up of a trade, already' worth nearly £70,000, with South Africa, and the forwarding of supplies to the value of nearly £lOO,OOO to Western Australia, havo contributed largely to the expan sion of our export business. In both cases, however, the markets may prove somewhat precarious and variable. It is to the great centres of the motherland that tho colony will have to look for its main outlets, and Mr D. Wilson does well to impress upon producers and exporters tho primary importance of adapting their products and ensuring regularity of their supplies to, those markets. From them botween £16,000,000 and £20,000,000 per annum goes forth for the purchase of butter, and of this large sum' only £718,300 was last year Victoria’s share, which might unquestionably have been largely increased if its supplies had not been placed on the market in the most haphazard manner. Regularity in' the supply and evenness in the quality are the essentials to maintaining the de mand. When a good connexion has been secured, and the buyers are satis fied, it is very disheartening to the agents and injurious to the trade that supplies should suddenly fall off, causing buyers to seek elsewhere for their supplies, with the result that if other arrangements are satisfactory they seldom afterwards in quire for the brands which they had pre viously been purchasing. These fluctu ations, the Government expert strongly urges, are quite preventiblo, and ho opportunely impresses upon the dairy farmers that they ought to be avoided. They are, as he points out, almost in variably the result of a sudden variation in the supply of feed for the cows, owing to the want of management on the part of the dairy farmers in neglecting to pro vide artificial fodder for their herds. “Artificial fodder, and plenty of it, all the year round,” he urges, “is the Alpha and Omega of the success of the dairying industry', hence the reason a regular sys tem of providing artificial fodder should be mado the first consideration on every dairy farm.” For liis past efforts t 6 pro mote the expansion of the dairying indus try the colony owes much to Mr Wilson, who has persistently impressed upon the State its duty first to thoroughly educate those engaged in the industry; secondly, to exercise a judicious control over all •the exports, and, thirdly, to facilitate and expedite their means of access to the great markets of the world, and with un bounded confidence in the future of the industry ho is warranted in predicting that with federation accomplished, a uniform system of manufacture and Government control exercised through out the colonies, and satisfactory ar rangements as to means of transport and freight, Australia’s annual output of but ter will in a very few years rival, if not exceed, that of Denmark, both in quality and value. As far as Victoria is con cerned, much excellent work is evidently being done in the way of improving the systems of dairying by disseminating use ful instruction amongst those engaged in it, and calling the butter manufacturers together in their various districts and imparting to them the latest information regarding butter making and the proper handling of milk and cream. Where any difficulty is experienced in a factory in the making of good butter, if time per mits the factory is visited and .practical education is continued until the difficulty is overcome, while special attention is being directed to the training of the young. To those who have, as pro ducers, aided in the expansion of.the in dustry the Government expert justly ac cords great credit for the pluck, enter prise and progressiveness which many of them have exhibited, and which enabled them to successfully cope in an uphill struggle against a drought that lasted neary four years. In the face of trying climatic conditions of a severity never perhaps before experienced in the history of Victoria, they succeeded not only in supplying home requirements during the whole of that period, but also provided a surplus of butter for export, worth, on an average, over £750,000 sterling in value per annum. The dairy farmer, in short, has proved himself one of the greatest mainstays of the colony in its time of trouble, and a generous and in telligent continuance of the State’s as sistance and encouragement to his indus try, and to means of bringing it thor oughly up to date and permitting of its establishing a still stronger footing in the markets of the old world, will assuredly be well repaid by its proving a source of steadily increasing wealth to the colony. Intelligence of a fearful shipwreck was received in Melbourne yesterday from Cape Borda. The ill-fated vessel was the ship Loch Sloy, from Glasgow; which was wrecked near Kangaroo Island.on the 25th April. Of 34 persons on board, only four wero saved. Particulars of the disaster appear in another column. The Australian cricketers in their open ing match against an English team were favored with fine weather, a good wicket, and a large and enthusiastic audience. Dr W. G. Grace also paid a high compli ment to the visitors in selecting a team which was recognised by competent autho rities to contain the flower of England's batsmen and bowlers. In the preliminary skirmish for choice of innings the veteran captain defeated Australia's leader, and sent his men to the wickets. The feature of the batting of the home team was ' the play of C. B. Fry, who worthily upheld his reputation as a sound batsman. Hay ward, who visited Australia in 1898, also showed excellent form, and compiled half a century, before being dismissed. The only other batsman to distinguish himself was Lockwood, who carried out his bat for 41\. The Indian prince was dismissed very cheaply, and IV. G. Grace succumbed to Jones’ deadly bowling when he had only 5 runs to his credit. In getting rid of such a strong team for 2-16 runs, the Australian bowlers are to be congratulated, and as the season advances, and they- become inoro used to English wickets, the bowlers promise to become very troublesome to the opposing bats. All the recognised bowlers of the Australian team, with the exception of Howell, were selected to take part in the first match, and of these Jones, the Adelaide express, particularly distin guished himself. The Australians made a poor start in their first innings, Darling falling a victim to Jessop when he had made 24, and Iredale being caught by Hay ward off Lockwood's bowling whe.n he had only 4 to his credit, the total at the close of .the day's play being 35 runs for two wickets. As the matches are limited to three days, it is jwobable that during the campaign there will boa large percentage of draws, especially if the weather proves favorable. The principal advantage of the time being limited in which to finish a match is the necessity of fast scoring, and the consequent discouragement of “stonewalling," which though often use ful to a team is a source of annoyance to the spectators. In the initial match played by the Australian Eleven in 1896 against Lord Sheffield’s team the scores were:—Australia, 257 and 194; Lord Shef field’s team, 190 and 180 for four wickets. The game was consequently a draw in favor of the Englishmen, but on this occa sion it is hoped that the Australians will improve on their predecessors’ perform ance. Mr J. W. Kirton, M.L.A., yesterday interviewed the Minister of Railways (the Hon. H. R. Williams) and the Commis sioner (Mr Matliieson) with regard to a rumor that it was the intention of the Railway Department to have a large num ber of locomotives manufactured at the Newport workshops. Both gentlemen denied that any such intention existed. They, however, justified the action taken in having two narrow gauge engines built there, on the ground that it would not be worth while for any local firm to go to the trouble of preparing plans and mould ings for such a small number. Mr Matliie son intimated that tenders would shortly bo called for fifteen heavy goods engines, to be made in the colony. With reference to the narrow gauge engines, the thin end of the wedge has always to be feared, es pecially with the Newport workshops, and it will be for our representatives to watch closely, so that no more may be made at Newport, .either in small or large num bers. A meeting of the Chamber of Commerce was held last night Mr F. W. Niven pre siding. The secretary of .the Mildura and AVestern District Railway Association for warded a statement of accounts of monies recived and expended in connectibn with the association. The letter stated that the response to the appeal from contributions from districts supposed to be benefitted by the association had been disappointing. The chairman read a letter from the War racknabeal branch of the association, in which the secretary asked for information stating that the branch favored the Hope toun route, and intimating that if Bal larat and Stawell supported the Cronomby Tanks extension, with a branch from Hbpetoun, Warracknabeal was willing to assist. Mr'Niven said that he had inform ed the writer of the policy favored by the chamber. It was possible that the Cro nomby route 1 would be adopted by ■ the Premier as a compromise.' People who only took a parochial view of the matter could not understand why Ballarat did not go “head over heels” for the Hope toun route. The deputation to wait on the Premier would go to Melbourne direct ly Parliament opened; All they could do now was to rest on their oars until the moment arrived for the deputation to be of use. It was decided to communicate with the Stnwell League to ascertain what the next step was to be. ■ A letter has been received by the City Council from the secretary of the confer ence or) the Unemployed "Question (Mr Max Hirsch), asking for information as to the number of unemployed in the munici pality. The writer suggests that, in order to obtain accurate information on the subject the council should open a register, which might bo signed by all who are out of work, and that the number might be forwarded to him. It has been pointed out, however, that the same individual might sign on more than one register, and that even if there was no “double bank ing” the council had no means of ascer taining whether the cases are genuine or not, so that the statistics would be prac tically valueless as far as accuracy is con cerned. The letter may be considered by the finance committee to-morrow; if not, it will come before the council at its meet ing on Monday next. At tho meeting of the Ballarat Chamber of Commerce last night, Mr S. Seward en quired whether a subscriber to_ the local telephone exchange .was alloweu to use the Ballarat to Melbourne line on payment of an additional fee per annum. The pre sent subscription is £7 per annum, and ho thought that for an extra sum sub scribers should be allowed the use of the Melbourne lino' as well. It was resolved to inquire if this concession was avail available. Mr Niven mentioned; an in stance in which the Melbourne line had been of considerable assistance. The en gino at his premises having got out of order, ho wired to Melbourne to the firm by whom it was supplied, and they replied per telephone, and. in twenty minutes time and at an expenditure of 2s 6d, instructions were received which enabled his firm to re-start tho engine. Had letter m-iting been resorted to, the engine would prob ably have heon idle for some days. The nominations for the elections of offi cers hrid committee of the Ballarat East branch of the Australian Natives’ Associa tion to hold office for the next six months were received at last night’s meeting of tho branch, and were as follows:—Presi dent, Mr W. H. Gent; vice-president, Mr W. Titlieridge; treasurer, Mr H. J. Hall; secretary, MrT L U. Pauli; assistant secre tary, Mr M. M'Callum; committee (5 to be elected), Messrs A. Woodger, J. J. Walker, D. A. Brown, W. Weame, J. H. Nanker vis, P. Cohen, T. H. Edwards, S. Kent and T. T. Jenkins; auditors (2 to bo elected), Messrs S. Kent, W. Richards and A. MTCenzie. The question of securing direct tele phonic communication with Geelong was mooted last night at the meeting of the Chamber of Commerce. The subject was introduced by a letter from the Geelong Chamber, which stated that at the last meeting it was decided to ask the Ballarat chamber if it would support a movement to induce the Postal Department to pro vide telephonic communication between Queenscliffe, Geelong and Ballarat. The Geelong Chamber in March last asked the department to provide this and other con cessions, but it was refused. The letter suggested- that the Ballarat, Gee long, Melbourne chambers should "make a combined and simultaneous application for the concession. A communication had been sent already to the Postmaster- Gene ral, and the following reply had been re ceived:—“Adverting to your letter, urg ing a reduction of the rate charged for the uso of the telephone line between Ballarat and Geelong, the Postmaster-General ex presses his regret that he must decline the request.’’ The Minister adds that the whole question of rates on trunk lines would have to be re-opened when more long distance telephones were constructed. This letter caused some amusement, as tliero is no direct communication with Geelong, and as no application had been made for reduction of rates, the Minister evidently misunderstood tho letter sent to him. Tho sudden death of an old resident of Ballarat, named Martin Ryan, aged 7S years, a widower, was reported to the Ballarat East police as having occurred during Monday- night. The deceased re sided at 56 Victoria street, Ballarat East, with his three sons,, who are employed as laborers. Tho last work he did was stone breaking for the Town Council, about six months ago. One of the sons stated that his father retired to bed at about 9 o’clock on Monday night in his usual health, which was fairly good, and did not complain of illness. • At 9 o’clock yesterday morning he was found dead in bed. The matter was reported to Mr G. King, J.P., who has ordered a post mortem examination to be made. Complaints have become so frequent about tho difference between tho railway station and the City Hall clocks that a suggestion has been made that the latter should bo regulated so ad to be two minutes ahead of tho former. Quite recently a number of persons have missed their trains through taking thei City- Hall time to be the same as that at the Western station, and have complained to the railway- authori ties, who pointed out that their clocks are all regulated to the same time in order to allow of the proper handling of the traffic, and the fault lay with the city- clock. In tho interests of the public the difference in the times should certainly be adjusted. Tho sum of £2O was received at the Or phan Asylum committee meeting last night from the secretary of the M.U. 1.0. ns the result of the'recent Sun day church parade held in aid of the Asy lum. Mr W. D. M‘Kee highly eulogised tho actign of tho lodge referred to in as sisting the charitable institutions in such a praiseworthy manner, and expressed the wish that other friendly societies would act on similar lines, when perhaps, instead of£2o being raised, the asylum would bene fit to tho extent of £l2O. He moved, and Mr J. N. Dunn seconded, that Mr W. H. Pearson, tho secretary of the local M.U. 1.0. be appointed a life governor of the institution. Tho motion was carried unanimously. A young man, named Peter Wilson, liv ing in Mair street, met with a painful in jury yesterday. He was carrying a bag of flour, when he fell, and strained him self internally. He was at once taken to tho hospital and treated, but he will suffer for months from the injury- he received. The fortnightly meeting of tho Ballarat branch of the Victorian Amalgamated Butchers’ Hnion was held at the Trades Hall, Camp street, last night; Mr James Hunt, the president, occupied the chair. Feeling reference was made in regard to the death of the late Mr H. Clarkson, and the secretary- was instructed to forward a letter of condolence to the deceased’s rela tives. The social gathering to have been held by thq branch to-night was post poned until next Tuesday as a mark of re spect to the deceased. Business of a routine character was disposed of, and the meeting closed. Accident cases, as follows, were treated at the hospital yesterday:—George King, a young man living at Haddon crushed fin ger, which was jammed in a truck at the Cardigan mine; Cornelius Britt, 5 years of age, whose parents live at Dunnstown, injuries caused by- falling off a fence; John Parsons. -9 years of age, whose parents live in Grant street, dislocation of elbow, the result of a fall whilst play-ing at football; Edward Dunn, 5 years of age, whose parents live in Talbot street, bruised cheek, head, and knee, he having been knocked over by a bicyclist. The peculiar behavior of late of a young man, named William Kelly, led to his ar rest by Constable Beckman and his ap pearanco before Messrs J. Long and H. Josephs, J.P., at the Town Court yester day charged with insulting behavior in a public street, and also with being a luna tic. Senior Constable Beckman stated that acting on information that had been com municated to him, he went to' the ranges, and discovered the accused wandering about in an erratic manner near his tent, in which he had lived by himself for some time. It was decided to remand him for a week’s medical examination, with a view to ascertaining whether he is of junsound mind. The fortnightly meeting of the Ballarat East branch of the Australian Natives’ As sociation was held last night at the Fire Brigade station, Barkly street. There was a good attendance of members. The presi dent, Mr M. W. Bell, occupied the chair. A letter was received from the secretary of tho Wendouree Mutual Improvement As sociation requesting that two delegates re presenting the branch be sent to attend the conferencb regarding the proposed debat ing tournament, to be held under the aus pices of the various local debating socie ties. The president and vice- president wero deputed to attend. Four new mem bers wero elected, and three nominations for membership were received. Four mem bers were reported aa being on the sick list. Accounts amounting to £4 Is 2d were passed for payment. It was decided to present the retiring president, Mr M. W. Bell, with an ex- president’s certificate. Ex-president Mr T. M. Kealy, who has taken up his residence at Boort, was grant ed a letter of recommendation and his clearance from the branch. Tho trustees vrero empowered to.lend JB3OO. It was de cided to invite a member of the board of directors to attend the next meeting of the branch on- the'occasion of the installation of the newly elected officers. The com mittee were empowered to take into con sideration the advisability of holding a branch anniversary gathering. .: There is a tale extant amongst children living in 'the vicinity of the Benevolent Asylum that a ghost has been seen in that neighborhood. Several. visions of the "spectre" havo been reported by young sters to the police, with well garnished particulars. A few adults, who credit the statements, have been on the watch for the last two or three nights, but up to the present have not caught a glimpse of the sham "shade." Should there be anyone so silly as to adopt this means of terrify ing youngsters and girls, he may yet en counter someone capable of dealing with him without appealing to the law. The Finance Committee of the City Council will hold its ordinary meeting to morrow, but there is only a small amount of business that requires attention. Amongst tho matters referred to the com mittee is a circular, sotting forth the ad vantages of acetyline gas for street light ing purposes. Mr George H. ScaTse has received noti fication from the examining board of tho Musical Society of Victoria that Miss Nellie Boss, .Miss Ethel Beckman, Miss Eileen Meagan, and Miss Nellie Smythe, were successful in passing the music exami nation held in Ballarat: on the 20th ult. Tho last three passed the theoretical por tion of the examination with credit. Miss Eileen Meagan, a pupil at the Convent of Mercy, Victoria street, gained the highest number of marks awarded this year to any candidate in the colony, and will therefore receive the society's medal. The board specially congratulate Miss Meagan on her success. As the young lady is only 12 years of age, the merit of her perform ance reflects tho highest credit on both herself and her instructors. Miss Nellie Smythe is also a pupil at the convent. Mr ,T. C. 'Williams, City Inspector; who is at present confined to his bed through illness, wa3 yesterday not quite so well. At first there were symptoms of typhoid fever, but these have disappeared. Yes terday Mr Williams apparently caught a chill, and it will be some days before he is able to attend to his duties again. Mr W. P. Glover, son of Mr W. Glover, of Drummond street, Ballarat, who for somo time conducted, as lay reader, ser vices at the Vendouree Anglican Church, and is now bishop’s registrar at Grafton and Armidale, has just passed his final examination qualifying him for ordination as a minister of the Gospel. • Mr Glover successfully studied for the matriculation examination under Mr D. N. M'Lean, of this city. An interesting competition was held at the meeting of, the Ballarat East branch of tho Australian Natives' Association Inst night in prepared speeches on “The Aus tralian Character.” - The prize was a tro phy presented by Mr S. Cohen. Messrs R. M'Gregor, M.L.A., and J. Vallins acted as judges, and awarded the prizo to Mr A. Woodger. There were six competitors. A young man of respectable appearance was proceeded against by Constable Stew art at the Town Court yesterday, on a charge of having- used obscene language in Humffray street. In view of the fact of his being a first offender, he was dis charged on paying 5s into the poor box. Tho Rev Henry Howard will give his fourth study on the “Manifestations of tho risen Lord” in the Neil street Lecture Hall at half-past 7 o’clock this evening. The increasing attendance at these meet ings is an evidence of the gene ral interest taken by Bible stu dents and others in these instruc tive studies. - A hearty invitation is ex tended to any one who would like to at tend to-night’s meeting. Dr M'Gowan, junior resident surgeon at tho hospital, is at present away upon a month’s leave of absence, and his duties are being temporarily performed by.- Dr K. V. Bennett. Tho question of the School of Mines and University will occupy the attention of the members of tho South street Debating So ciety at their weekly meeting on Thurs day evening. Mr D. N. M'Lean principal of Victoria College, has been iuvited to open tho discussion, and all who are in terested in the question are invited to attend. An examination for .engincdrivers’ certi ficates will be held at the School of Mines from tho 19th to the 20th inst. Cocking and Skewes, (the Well-known drapers, have completed the. necessary arrangements for the removal of G. S. Bis sett’s stock from Bendigo. 