[?] (COFTMGET.) IN THE WAKE OF FORTUNE. ? ♦ ? AM AUSTRALIAN STORY. ? e ? CHAPTER II ? Continued* Jasper, the father, was neatly eight j (years of age, and the sons were beyond middle age. Father and sons had been turn at St. Cjlumb, and had passed most of theirlives mining, varied with occasional fishing when the sea was calm. It was not long after the 6hip strnck that Jasper and hi6 sons noticed fragments of ?wreck drifting into the bay, and they palled about in the hope of securing something valuable. The people of the village regarded a wreck as their own especial property, and they had no qualms of conscience regarding the appropriation of anything that came within their reach from sach a source. Jasper and his sons were engaged ex amining a tnass of floating wreckage when they were somewhat startled by the sound of a human voice to seaward. It was but a faint cry, bat to the prac tised cars of the men it told its tale. It must be a survivor's cry to come from such a direction the men instinctively 'knew, and loosing the wreckage they had booked the boat was instantly turned to wards tbe spot the Bound came from. In a few moments a second feeble cry was Jieard, fainter than the first, but in the thick darkness nothing could be discerned save the white crested waves that broke against j -the rocks. They bad almost reached the mouth of tbe Cove, and Jasper, who had ignited an oil lamp and was holding it above his head, j gaw airother pile of Wreckage eweep by. By the flickering gleam of the light the ' occupants of the boat saw a straggling ob iect on tbe floating mass, whioh turned oat to be a portion o£ the ship's bulwarks, but almost as they looked a huge wave dashed Hie timber against a jotting rock, and with a smothered cry the living object disap peared. Impelled with the desire to save life the men pulled perilously near to tbe boiling cauldron of £he entrance, and as they did so *. sheet of tbe broken timber ewept by the frail craft and a gleam of something white «m it caught the old man's eye. \- Stretching out his hand he caught the object., which seemed to be a bundle of clothes, and as it wae of little weight he lifted it into the boat. Examining it with the aid of the light they were astounded to find that it con tained a child, and in a few moments Jas per was convinced that it lived. The boat bad by this tirae been drifting back into the Cove and knowing how neces sary it was to provide warmth for the almost inanimate infant the men at occe pulled back to the beach and landed amongst ths wondering few who remained there. Mrs. Trenoweth was the first woman that Michael Jasper saw, and when she took the waif so miraculously preserved her motherly tenderness was aroused and she claimed the care of the child. This was at once conceded, for there were no women-folk in the Jasper household, and the care of an infant would have been awk ward. By dint of care the child was brought round and at daylight seemed little the worse for the awful experience of the night. Out of all on board the ship the child was the only soul saved, and the wondering people of St. Cjlamb regarded her ? for it was a female— as specially nnder Divine care. There is no doubt that the cries which first attracted JisperV-attention came from someone who had the child and was lost when the floating wreckage struck the rock. There was never the slightest clue found to the identity of the lost vessel, and tbe only token discovered on the child was the name ' Inez ' broidered on one of its gar- ! ments. Mre. Tren iweth, after consultation | with her husband and with old Jasper's ' consent, decided to adopt tbe little Inez, I but the old man insisted on his name being given to her as well as that marked on her clothes. The Trenoweth'e child Edward was but a year old at tbe time and thus the two children grew np together. Elward was fourteen when he was sent to Eton, but the routine of school life was extremely distasteful t» him. and he longed for the wild freedom of hie Cornish home. How he managed to remain two years at the great school it is not easy to explain but daring that time be paid several visits . to the Cove and each time he saw Inez Jasper his boyish heart was more impressed with hsr. She was certainly growing into a lovely woman. Her features were as Spanish as ber first name, and there was little doubt she was of Southern extraction. There was nothing in common between ber and the natures of the secluded hamlet, and consequently she was not a favourite with them. Edward Trenoweth was a spirited and handsome youth and more to her liking. The friendship that existed between tham developed into ardent love on bis part and some degree of affection on hers. At best it was but Love's young dream. At the age of sixteen Edward departed from Eton, or, rather, was compelled to leave owing to a serious disagreement with one of the masters. During his two year's sojourn there he bad not wasted his time but bad made fair progress with his studies. The spirit of his ancestors seemed to possess him, as he evinced a decided incli nation for the life of a miner. Both his parents tried to dissuade him from that pursuit, bat it was in vain, and soon after be took part with his father is tbe working of the mine. This pursuit possessed an infatuation for him and he speedily acquired a practical knowledge of geology. His theoretical knowledge stood him in good need, and before be was two years in tbe mine he was regarded as quite an autho rity by the rough miners. This was in the latter end of 1865, and no one guessed of the awful calamity that was even then throwing its shadows over the doomed hamiet. « CHAPTER HI. THE WHEAL MEELHT. v One or the moBt ancient mines in vener able Cornwall was the Wheal Merlin Its nnderground workings extended for miles and formed a perfect labyrinth likely to prove fatal to the uninitiated explorer. Having been worked for hundreds of years nearly every spot was hallowed or cursed by the memory of a fatal disaster. Tbe awe-struck miner would show the visi tor places where human eelf-Bacrifice had reached sublime heights, or majbap where personal malice in vengeful mood had in voked aid of death to remove a hated rival or to gain a little wealth. Every subter ranean gallery was filled with unwritten ana unpainted legends, but to theeupersti tiouB miners and residents of the district they were infinitely more real and enduring than if wrought in marble or bronze. Con sidering the primitive manner in which the mine had for ages been worked it was a marvel that the accidents fa&d; not been more numerous and more serious. Even with simple appliances in nse a great depth had been attained, and the work of ages had caused the district around St. Columb'e Cove to be honeycombed with un derground drives. ^ In olden times the mine was noted for its rich yields and miniature battles had been fought for its possession. An ancient representative of the Treno weth family, who had been worsted above ground at the outpost from which he de fended his property, took refuge below, and for several days fought the enemy in its drives. His better knowledge of these ramifica tions enabled him to triumph, but the vic tory waB a hard one . A villager named Pentold, who worked in '? the mine, was either bribed or forced into i Bhowing the enemy underground, and this ] man paid dear for his treachery. j Having been captured, the enraged miners took him to the surface and then ' dropped him seren hundred feet to the bot- ; torn of the main shaft. I His was one of the ghosts that was said to walk by the credulous people, and when ever the phantom appeared it was looked ; upon as an omen of fast approaching evil to the people of the hamlet. - Such superstition as this may appear : childish to the matter-of-fact people of to- j day in Australia. It should not be forgot- i ten, however, that even at this latter end of '?? the nineteentb century there still lingers in many parts of Cornwall superstitious be. Iief6 thai ceased to obtain followers in other paits about tbe middle ages. Mining is essentially a precarious and ! dangerous calling, and in such a remote j spot as St. Columb's Cure — almost cut off j from commucication with the busy world; j and in a locality where nature herself con spired to overawe man— there was nothing strange in the fact that the miners employed in the Wheal Merlin should still cherish the legends of their forefathers. Indeed, they had some ground for the strange beliefs they held. On more than one occasion weird predic tions had been verified in a strange and remarkable way. Omens that could only have been of super natural origin bad, through the key of cer tain priir prophecies been interpreted, and they had been fulfilled. More than one hundred years before the date on which this sturr opens an ancestor of Edward Trenoweth had met the phan tom of Pinfold in one of the drives of the Wheal Merlin. The spectre— so Trenoweth said— Dointc d menacingly in a northerly direction, and then, like the usual orthodox ghost, vanished. This Trenoweth was a man more than ordinarily sceptical for a Ciraishman, and he refused to itsten to the appeals made to him by certain of the villagers when he told them of the apparition. They urged that he should not work in the mine for a week and a day or harm would befall him. j The period of a week and a day was uni I versally considered as the longest in which j a spirit could exercise a malign influence. Even Mrs. Trenoweth urged her husband to take heed cf the warning given, but he was obdurate. He pointed out, like a shrewd, sensible man that he was, that he could not see how wording the mine would precipitate bis fate any Booner than remain j ing above ground for a few days and per ! haps having an encounter with some strag gling smugglers or pirates who might drop into tbe Cove. If his hour had come his bolt would fall equally sure above ground as a few, hundred ' feet below the surface. This ib the view that the practical man of to-day would take in sach matters, but the sequel showed that Trenoweth should have taken the kindly advice. Ntxt morning he descended the shaft in cjmpany with nine men who were embned with the courage of their master, but none of them ever came to the surface again alive. Shortly after noon an outburst of air from, tbe main shaft told the alarmed villagers that some catastrophe had happened, and they flocked to tbe mouth of the mine. Some of the experienced miners when they heard the rush of air knew but too well the nature of tbe fatality. It was evident to them that an inrush of water bad taken place, and this proved to be the case. When a few of the more daring descended the ladders they found that the shaft was nearly half full of flood waters. It was thirty feet above the drive where Trenoweth and his men were working, and it was certain that they must have per ished. They were working in the main drive to the north and the fatality was soon found ! to have been caused by the bursting in o£ water from an old mine that had not been worked for a century. It was weeks before the bodies were re covered, and the villagers went about their task as if obeying a command of fate. They shook their heads and shrugged their shoulders but said little, for they knew that Trenoweth had paid with his life his disregard of the phantom's warning. _ And bo from genen»Ho»» to generation ? these grfm legends of spectial appearances and their results were handed down until they seized on men's minds and became clothed in the habiliments of reality, pre senting themselves as infallible articles of flesh and blood. CHAPTER IV. THE CATASTROPHE. It has already been stated that when Edward Trenoweth took charge of the mine be at once introduced an improved system of working. By deeper finking he felt justified in be lieving that he would be able to follow the rich lode further seawards with perfect safety. In years gone by drives had been put in westward as far as it was deemed prudent, but a large portion of the lode which was the richest in the mine had to be left nn worked through fear of the sea breaking through. When, therefore, Trenoweth put the west ern shaft down a hundred feet and made a survey, he calculated that he could drive a . long distance nnder the Cove without fear of a burst. This he set to work to do with energy, and his enterprise was soon rewarded. He bared a considerable portion of the lode and the returns it gave were richer than the oldest miner in the Wheal Merlin conld remember. In fact, it almost seemed as if fortune were about to smile once again upon the Trenoweth family, and Edward felt proud to think that ere long he would be in a position to offer Inez a home worthy of the girl he idolized. It Bhonld be said that these two young peeple, growing up together, had come to love each other, and the villagers regarded it as a matter of course that some day they would marry. Tbe choice for either Ed ward or Ines in such a place as St. Co lamb's Cove, was, it is almost needloss to say, extremely limited, and to some extent this fact may account for the mutual affec tion which had grown np between them. As the lode turned out so well Edward put as many men to work as conld do so conveniently, and the drives were Eoon con siderably extended. As the upper workings approached the sea they were abandoned and all the opera tions were confined to the lowest level. Month after month successful work was expended on this drive, and it so well re warded the owner that the almost extinct hamlet of St. Columb began to prosper. A mild sort of boom had set in, and it only needed a few colonial ' syndicators ' and speculators to have established a fleet ing city in the venerable place. In 1869 the prosperity of the mine was at .its height, and the Trenoweth family were considered to be on the high road to wealth. In November of that year Edward made a survey of the lower western drive, and be calculated that it extended fully one hun dred yards under the Cove. His intention was to continue the work ings to the outer edge of the Cove and then discontinue. Prudence dictated to him that once the open ocean was reached it would not be Eafe to drive, although the level might be far below the sea bottom. He knew the Cove sufficiently to under stand that the ceaseless beating of the Atlantic rollers on the iron-bound coast could not fail, after ages of effort, to honey comb the cliffs. In places where soft strata existed fissures would thus be worn to a great depth, and to drive in such a place would be to invite disaster. Inside the Cove the oaae was, of course, different. * Sheltered from the fury and force of the eroding waves the weight of the water above the drive was the main point to be consi dered. At least that was the view which Edward Trenoweth took, and it was one which wouid be shared by most experts. As Christmas time approached Trenoweth decided to celebrate the merry festival in a way worthy of his name. He had reason to blese the f ost dying year, for wealth and happiness had placed their benediction on him since the previous Christmas. ; Inez Jasper promised to be his wife, and ! the Wbeal Merlin had given np some of its i buried treasure to him. He was happy and he desired that the good villagers should share his joy in some measure. On the 20th of December Morris Jones, the underground boss — as the position is colonially termed — met Edward near the main shaft, and spoke to him — ' There is a good deal of water coming np from the bottom of tbe west drive, sir, near the end.' ' From the bottom?' Edward queried in 'surprise. ; ' Yes, sir.' 'I will go down and have a look at it. You must have struck a spring, Burely ?' ; ' It is a spring of salt water, then, sir,' Jones replied. Without further conversation the two men went below, and thence along the western drive. About four feet from the face Trenoweth sure enough saw a small spring of water babbling up from the floor of the drive. With tbe aid of the flickering lights he made a careful examination of the drive in the vicinity, but these was nothing to cause alarm. The roof of tbe drive was remark ably dry, and it was there that Edward looked for danger. Tne men working at the face seemed a bit uneasy at first, but after Trenoweth'e examination and bis emphatic statement that there wa3 no danger to be apprehended they were re-assured, As he turned' to go back Edward stooped to examine the strange, bubbling spray ? It did not seem to be increasing in flow and the force was not considerable, so con cluding that it was only the outlet of a small natural cistern he went back again to tbe surface. j About noon on the 23rd of December the TrenowetbB eaw Jones coming to the house, where he had been during the morning assisting in the preparations for the Christ mas festivities. Inez Jasper was with him, and Edward looked the picture of radiant happiness as he came out to meet the foreman. 'What's tbe matter now, Morris I' he asked. ¥ Well, sir, the men m the west are be ginning to get afeared. They say there is danger ahead. The night shift told me this morning that they heard queer noises, and that fool, Jack Pengelly, swears he saw Etrange figures standing at the entrance of the west drive and pointing down it.' ' Of course,'* langbed Trenoweth, - we mustn't blame the poor fellow for that. Such superstition has been born in him. But if yon think there ib any danger,' he continued, anxiously, 'we must bring the men np at once.' ' I don't' know what to make of tt, mtf replied Jones. ' Sometimes I think |J£m is no danger, and then again Z don'ttSf sure of it. That spring is still running, dbk# stronger than before— but it is not thasrX am afraid of. There is occasionally a.qooar ring in the face of the drive near the loa^ and if left alone for a few minutes *sm$£ pieces Bcale off without apparent cause; Ifc is also getting much wetter; and, in. totiti the whole face is weeping' (mining t/Si for oozing).— To be Continued. W I^»* 