[?] Frons ' Tfee Argjass' ' Loiradoira Correspoireslemia. The Aegcs his to hand this -week's English mail from its London correspond ent a full- report of tho wedding of Miss Mary Edwyna Colley, second daughter of the accomplished musician, Mis. Henry Colley, for many years rosident in Parra matta, and sister of Miss Ada Colloy, the phenomenal vocalist. Our correspondent reports : — The marriage of Mr. Charles William Hindhaugh, of Perth, W.A., son of the late George Hindhaugh, of North Shields, Northumberland, England, with Miss Edwyna Mary Colley, second daughter of the late Mr. Henry Colley, of Parramatta, was celebrated at the Church of the Holy Ghost, Balham, London, England, on the yist August, the Eov. Father Warwick officiating. The bride, who is very pretty, looked exceedingly well and stately in a lovely gown of rich white silk, with a large white drawn silk picture hat with ostrich plumes, and carried a shower bouquet, in which was noticed a quantity of orange blossom, a spray of which was also worn on the corsage. The youngest sister of the bride, Miss Molly Colley, attended her aa her maid, being artistically dressed in a white silk costume. The bridegroom was attended by Trooper P. L. Beames, of the Now South-Wales Lancers, as groomsman. After. the_ ceromony the happy couple, accompanied by the invited guests, drove iu, the four bridal, carriages to 'Upland,' Surbitpn, a distance of some ten miles, the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Harry Gray, very old friends of the bridegroom, which was kindly placed at their disposal for the occasion, and where the wedding breakfast was prepared, and the bride's mother afterwards held a reception. Photos of the bride and bridegroom were taken on the lawn as well as of the bridal party and also of tho happy pair, supported by the bride's sisters, Miss Ada and Miss Birdie Colley, and Troopers Beames and Hol borow, of the N.S.W. Lancers, who are now stationed at Aldershot, going through a course of Imperial training. The wed ding was very quiet, only old friends being invited. The bride's mother was attired in a gown of heliotrope embroidered veleor de-cashmere, with white chiffon and a black and white hat. Miss Ada Colley wore a gown of white silk, embroidered with pink sprays and hat to correspond ; Miss Birdie wearing a gown of white silk, embroidered with forget-me-nots and a smart hat to match. The happy couple left the hou^e amidst showers of confetti, an old white satin slipper being attached behind the brougham for good luck. All the bridal party escorted them to the rail wiy station ; and as the train moved off Trooper Beames secured a capital snap-shot of the wedded pair, who left, amidst the hearty good wishos of everyone, for South hampton on their honeymoon. The bride wore a smart travelling gown of beaver colour with white satin revers and applique. The presents were very pretty and costly, that of the bridegroom being a most hand some Russian leather travelling case with fittings of ivory and Bilver. During the reception Miss Ada Colley, with marvellous effect, sang 'The last Eose of Summer,'-,, which, was highly appreciated by all present, as was also tho rendering given of 'The Shephard's Winter Song ' by Mrs. Colley. 