not PttjMee. '"iliLc.v enthusiastic supporters of f'W0S kindred and admirers, are already ?n» fclioirinzonuity tosupply us with a name for e*&$,S5,DpJ ' itoi « Britannia" is the one suggested by , 'an"0jte and an excellent one too, to tb*$' few 'Australians will be disposed to take ob which tewK our own part, we would much prefer Sambbuky. Bbasbey. or NEW WESTMINSTER. vf N«W South Wales the. banks in the future will MfjNflw annum on all current accounts, chart?0 5 ? L or credit. to reimburse them., for cheque-books. ' lb ; will Tf.lv need something more drastic to cope wi rittSTAo °p"s » -n* »<">** -820 tn8lcl"t. "u"a,10 and whose pay-in slips, never S a l» S amount than a nimble fiver, but X is prompt with a writ" if by any error the bank loaves an opening., # . .TWp who know the n* ^ly-appointod governors fBMon Tennyson »nd Earl Beauchamp) say lhat t£Xh the former is wanting self-confidence, he SSRnly to apply to the latter for all he needs, ffi we have the multum in parvo of the situation STfleatlv put as the most fastidious may desire. " Wanting in self-confidence!" What an attribute ,*n ^colonial governor! Beauchamp is the man for ihWtoost. He is accused of carrying freight enough nofc'totiiy for himself but for another gubernatorial experimentalist. ^ ' # jtd<*e ICettle holds that the hotel monopoly, in Ne$ Zealand, is likely to become increasingly valtmble. He says the publicans will work with the prohibitionists to prevent any increase in the mjmbnr of licenses, and therefore licensed houses arefeure to rise in value. The only risk there is aboflt. it is that of prohibition being carried, and publicans having to face this risk, though according. to'tfjidKe Kettle, it will be some time befoye 'the-, prohibitionists succeed in carrying the day. / ' ,sS * * * . . , 'T^e Gabo which arrived from the West difcTuesf dayUbrought baok the accused, E. L C. Wilsori.who' is'dnarged with the commission of a heinous offence afc'-Tpwich, Queensland. Wilson is said to\liie\a graduate of one of the great English Universities; ii\e» the Master of ArtR degree. The accused * v^®acc°rapftnied by hie son, a lad of about ten, wlnm bo took his departure from Melbourne in the Tarmwonr/i Wilson, who had been principally ert'eifearl in collegiate work while in Victoria, is well known in Williamstown and Warrnambool. iff * « * The athletic element of the Victorian Parliament hn*;|nip;rated t^ Sydney for a brief seaspn. They 'Witlllio on view for four days in succession in the of the mother colony, During the exhibition will try conclusions for supremacy with the South Wales legislators in bowling, rifle ab<$ting and cricket. There is no mention made in tbftjjpro»rntntno of whisky-drinking, aB the fame of ontijpr two renowned Sydneyites precluded the pos sibility of the Victorians seriously entertaining the pro|pH(il of,a confliot in this ancient accomplishment of parliamentary men. i * # * of rejoicing shot through fche sym pathetic norvea of Melbourne's citizens oh Saturday raprtiinpf when it became known that Mr. Watt, the felPqpont M P. for North Melbourne, had graciously conform! upon the Mayor of Melbourne titular 'oWtaption, in connection with the A.N.A., distribu ^'lv0^rs on raffle day. " Sir" Malcolm Donald MoBaohim is a great favourite, and the news of His Worshipful the Mayor having at length kh" highest distinction at the disposal of tbft|A N.A. was received with manifestations of flp'jll'it throughout the city. is no necessity for the man who is a TilSil 0r'0',rok8r to make hay while the sun shines. ^havi table puhlic is always there to fall Hmf ,^'ffen has had his testimonial, so had Trott, and now an appeal is being made mJkt i.-' Criolceters' Home is worthy of con tfcBif .l°n' ' actors have theirs, and why not JS5f0V,c^°^,nr8 ^ Though cricket is essentially a hiKi !.'' 00,ntnen A'iHi i° ,ir°d that its very lordliept exponents in ii?isrft 1 '?"'l to vindicate this pretension. VwL ^aa 1°^ all chance of securing the tititv . Respite an extravagant pecuniary WhhRi- U1 f,'nK the delegates, she will probably A® .aiuant,'n the old Oorbants gun. AR no hostile tfimnJf m',M' likely to enter Lake Windermere MBw ' ift sludge channel connecting with ?n^.n " 10'ir(«. her munitions of war have beoome ij^'i t ftro justified, however, in announc P "ll"arivt has not finally determined upon T«-Kli.,u.n separation from Victoria, and WtSrlv j0? ^fir own uPon principles im ^ °ppoaod to Australian union. MMftat m, 4* uallfin!'1' ADoi;o.a^ llr«H' nee ) " 89001,ltion of Victoria, gave some which w?n°u Inebriato Board on Tuesday tluoiLrW 4. r°8POIi£rible for mutual felioita fiROut tho land. Ifo sait]i pot only was victoria more temperate than countries in which local option and prohibition obtained, but it was the sobereat nation on the face of the habitable globe! As the assurance comes from such an authentic source Mr. Vale and the "Victorian Alliance should be entirely satisfied. * # * THE El wood canal has np slight connection with the recent typhoid outbreak in the district. It is a regrettable fact that carrion-common . to certain stretches of seashore in a populous centre-should have been carried with the swelling tide to the uppfr reaches of the canal. The same motive power also being1 responsible for the deposition of a sand bank at the mouth of the canal, precludes the possi bility of the putrid flesh drifting out to sea again. Thus, the germs of a pernicious disease may be disseminated far and wide by the apparently salu brious sea breeze.. " * # * NEW South Wales is beginning to doubt her pos sible material gain in "connection with the Federal Capital, Mr. T. M. Slattery, a former Minister of the Crown, waxes indignant, and tells his fellow colo nists that Melbourne, having temporarily secured the seat of Government, will retain it to the crack of doom. He argues that having once settled down in Melbourne, the Federal Parliament will be slow to recognise any pressing necessity for a change. The reasoning is sound, and is likely to prove a disturb ing element before the Federal issue has been finally disposed of. .. * # * TASMANIA, would appear to be the high temple for extortionate cabmen and Launceston the holy of holies into which the stranger can be only admitted after being reduced to financial nakedness by the unprincipled Jehu of the tourist-favoured town. Like the hotels of picturesque districts, the, Tas manian cabman looks upon the visitor as his legitimate prey. A pound for a few hours' afternoon drive, or fourteen shillings for a two hours'outing, is deemed a moderate tariff. So in-jurious to looal interests has this unscrupulous system of extortion (become. that the Tourists' Association have been i galvanized into activity on behalf of visitors. s' * * * SASIPSON, the "strong man," has been just trying his prowess in a new field of athleticism up Ballarat ^vay. H'eVhad a dispute with a local printer, who li^uck to a "block" of Sampson's, in default of pay ment by another party with whom Sampson was identified-in business matters. On refusing to give tip the/' blpck," Sampson-who might as easily have pulled down the printing establishment as his great prototype did the temple-contented himself with walking off with a huge roller. Consequent upon this . slStnmary method of endeavouring to secure vpossession, his " block " was returned. He is now cited to return from his starring tour in the North and appear before the Ballarat Bench. # m m THE Marquis of Lome, son-in-law of Her Majesty, has burst into song over the immediate prospect of a Federated Australia. His muse is probably stirred to action m anticipation of being first Governor-General of a Federated Australia. Australia-Fedorata is the name of the "little thing" with which he purposes to thrill the Empire. He was Governor-General of Canada for some time, and probably has an eye to coming events. With Tennyson in South Australia, and Lome waving his continental flag on the walls of " Britannia " the language of prose would be abandoned amongst us, and poetry be the only medium of interchanging ideas, even in diplomacy. # * # THE Rev. W. Harris, up Ararat way, fails to see why Sunday services should differ so materially from other gatherings of a social and instructive character held in the interests and for the benefit of mankind. He proposes to have a Question Box Service periodi cally, when scoffers and unbelievers, heretics and infidels, and every form of unsettled belief will have its fling for once, and assail the teachings of the minister, if so disposed.. The liberality of Mr. Harris is not likely to become contagious among his brother members of the pulpit. A man would need to be a walking lexicon of patience and theology to carry such an experiment as this to a dignified and profitable issue. ' ' ^ ^ Mil. Chamberlain, Secretary of State.for the Colo-.' nies, is laid up with the gout. Happy Joe ! Hb.w[ many hundreds of Australian politicians would\ac-^ cept all the pains and penalties it entails for the privilege of inheriting this aristocratic patrimony P'' It is within the memory of many how a certain poli tician who went home on an historic embassy a quarter of a century ago, made marvellous but futile efforts to acquire the aristocratic ailment. When Australian wines grow more full-bodied in the days to come, we can lay ourselves out to be the progeni tors of, a race who may rival the haughty European aristocracy in this respeot. Till,then we must be content to envy the proud and exclusive proprietors. * * * i IT is not unusual to see a Bishop lay down the colonial mitre and accept the loss lucrative and distinguished position of an English rectorship. We have seen it boforo to-day in Australia. But to abandon the dignity of prelatial influence for the incumbency of a oolonial churoh is unique in eccle siastical experience. This is what the Right Rev. John Francis Strotch has just dono. Ho has re signed the Coadjutor-Bishopric of Brisbano to aacept the incqmbenoy of St. John's Chijroh, Mel bourne, vacated by the Rev. Dr. Torrance, the musical- godfather of Ernest Hutchinson. Now Bishop Stretch is playing the hesitating1 and bashful maiden. He says that he forbade his friends to nominate him-so that, apparently, alone they did it! This was really too bad. The Bishop now almost thinks that he may probably decline. To paraphrase slightly Byron's immortal line, it may be added-" And, while he said he never would consent, consented." * * * COUNCILLOR Colechin, of Collingwood, is the trusted and loyal steward of his constituents. The struggle to secure the Collingwood line in prefer ence to that by way of Fitzroy is .to-day a matter of ancient history. Nothing now remains to be done but to secure the land. The conflict of wits between the vendors and their victim has already begun. A strip of land (99 feet by 660) encroaching on the town hall reserve is wanted for the purposes of con struction. For this allotment, Cr. Colechin, recog nising that the necessity of the Department is the Council's opportunity, urged his brother councillors on Monday night to ask at the rate of .£1,500 per acre ! And this is the sort of facility the Collingwood Council would give the Railway Department in lieu of what has been done for Collingwood, after the most intense struggle of railway factions we have known for years resulting in their favor. Some men are really shameless. To the credit of the Council, however, this attempt at extortion was repudiated. How the Fitzroy Fathers will smile at Councillor Colechin's modest proposal. * # * THE University Council with its superfluity of the legal element is naturally the most wide-awake institution within the Commonwealth about to be created. The following incident is illustrative of more than average legal acumen. Mr. David Aitchison. of London, recently abandoned the flesh pots of Egypt for the manna, and locusts, and wild honey of the sweet by-and-bye. One of his last mundane acts was a munificent donation of £10,000 to the Melbourne University, bequeathed in his last will and testament. This splendid bequest is however subject to the life interest of his niece. The object of the gift is to found scholarships for the benefit of poor talented young men during their University career. The Council has now written to the London solicitors for a copy of testator's will, with all additional information necessary to understand their exaot position. They anxiously await the news as to the niece's age, general health, and predisposition to mortality. This information will prove a valuable indication of the length of time they are likely to be kept out of the inheritance. ? '# # THE danger incident to imperfect identification has seldom had a more forcible illustration than in the case of Charles Qreen, tried at the Melbourne General Sessions for forging and uttering a post offloe money order for .£10 5s. The original order was for 5s, and this amount Green, it was alleged, had altered to the larger sum. Mr. Adam Melville, of Melville, Mullen and Slade, and Mr. Andrew Johnston, a salesman. at the establishment, fully identified Green as the man who uttered the order at their premises on January 4. On the other hand Constable Slater, of Ballarat, and Mr. Blashki, positively swore that Gre.en left Ballarat for the Daylesford races on the fourth, and that they saw him on the raoecourse off and on throughout the entire day. The unfortunate man was acquitted, perhaps "fortunate" would on this occasion be the more appropriate word. What might have hap pened in this ca^e to a religious man who does not" attend raoes, gives cause for serious reflection. To. hang a man on ciroumstantial evidence, after being thus identified, would be murder. And yet suoh cases are not of infrequent occurrence. Imprison ment in this case w;ould have been moral death to * the accused. 1 Green is to be congratulated on his narrow escape, . Thk same old George Reid refused to open the Albury-Wodonga bridge a few days ago, and " all the world wondered." Now that bydney and Mel- - bourne have both lost the Federal capital, the New South Wales Premier's conduot is explicable. Mr. Hoid Nvas afraid of being closely questioned, for, as ho is the soul of ingenuousness, he should be candid. 13y-letting the " cat out of the bag,"' he feared that he.i'would be the innocent and unconscious instru ment of smashing tho Albury land boom, and this responsibility the astute Premier shrank from under taking. Albury has not the ghost of a show in the running. Aftor finality had been arrived at-as far, at least, lis the Premiers are conoorned- Mr. Reid did not hesitate to meet his Albury subjeots on his way bacli-from Melbourne. He told them straight out that no Sydney man would ever agree to have Albury chosen as the site for a Federal Capital. Albury is too near Melbourne and too far away from Sydney to expect much favour from tho people, whoso selfishness and greed are difficult of appease ment. Among the many tips as to the future site of the Federal Capital, none oommonds itself so strongly to the knowing onos as Corowa, the pretty border town across the river from Wahgunyab. The name itself is melodious, and lends itself t.o the airiest flight of the bush poet, to say nothing of its almost rhyming with Ottawa, tho oapital of the Canadian Federal Union. The coincidence is so marvellous that a suggestion of prophocy is not entirely wanting. Tablo TalJc's tip is therefor^ Cohowa. 1 