THE ™& — i — , — '' --'* ? ? '?? - BY M, M'DONNBLIj-BODKIN' -? '? (AUTHOR O# 'A STOLEN LIFE.' ETC., ETC.) : CHAPTER X.— TRAPPED. , I c^j Erin still weeps for the hero she lost. Brave, faithful, and npWp-all others above, - . .} He gave himself freely, fldMiounting the cost, . ? ; I to daneer and death, for the lan^ of his love. ' Xext morning the two women were still in a state of nervous, yet triumphant, excite I ment. Their breakfast was a mere pretence. I T]jev could not eat nor drink. The tea cups clattered in the saucers as their trembling fingers touched 'them. -Hysterical sobs and f laughter tripped their words up as they re called the stirring incidents of the fight#an3 flight. A sudden sharp knock at the door set th2ir strained nerves jumping. The next moment i their friend, Counsellor Magan, came quietly j into the room. , . Id their excitement they: had forgotten all about him and his share in the night's ad venture. Now his sudden appearance startled them into remembrance. He was no J lrnio-Ar the staid and nrecise Counsellor Ma- 1 I gan they had known all their lives. His \ I face was pale, his hair ruffled, his manner j I flurried, even his cravat rumpled and .un- ; I starched. Instantly the women divined the j I anxiety that had so shaken him out of his [ ? formal self, andjtheir hearts went out to him I ia womanly sympathy. ? But before they could speak a word, he I broke out anxiously, 'Where, is Lord Ed I ward? Where is he, t say? I sat up half the night last night waiting for him, and he j never came. I hope to heaven that nothing has ? ' 'Lord Edward is quite safe,' Mrs. Moore interposed soothingly. ....... 'But where? Where?' he repeated, with out seeming to catch the full meaning of her wrds. 'At Murphy's; you know Murphy's, Coun sellor; in this very street, close ^at hand.' Then his composure came back to him, and be dropped into a seat, wiping his face with his handkerchief. ? 'Oh, it was terrible, Counsellor! Sirr and his men were after him; he was almost caught. I meant to have gone over to tell) you about it this morning,' cried kindheart ed Mrs. Moore. 'I guessed how uneasy you would be. But I'm so bewildered, I don't know whether Fm standing on my head or my heels. There, now, draw over to the. table and have a bit and sup with us. I'm sure you came out without '.your breakfast.'' The Counsellor suffered himself to be east ly persuaded, and ate 'a hearty breakfast, .while the women flowed over together with an incoherent description of last night's at tack and escape. The Counsellor was specially impressed with the bravery and devotion of Gallagher, and made Mrs. Moore repeat his name twice over and describe his appearance. 'I suppose Iiord Edward is quite safe with Murphy?' he said at last, when the feminine flow of words ceased for a moment. There was a faint, indescribable note of suspicion in the slow words that roused honest Mrs. Moore to protest. 'As safe as with our own selves,' she cried warmly. 'There is no danger that ? ' Magan per sisted. 'I hardly like to say it, but in these times one does not know whom to trust'' 'Is it Murphy you mean? Murphy to turn Judas like that! There is not a drop of spy's blood in his heart. He'd give himself and all belonging to him to the devil before he'd let a hair of Lord Edward's head come to harm.' 'I am glad to know it, very glad to know it,' said the Counsellor^ 'But one cannot help feeling uneasy; there is so much at stake and so many spies about Everyone thought that Thomas Reynolds was a true man until ? ' 'I only wish I could, lay my ten fingers on his face,' cried Mrs. Moore, breaking in_on his slow talk; 'but the devil will have him some day, body and soul, that's one comfort' 'We must have charity.' said Counsellor. Magan; 'his offence is indeed hard to par don, but God is merciful.' , 'I wouldn't go to heaven If he was there,' cried Miss Moore with conviction. 'Where's, the use of a devil at all if he doesn't get Reynolds?' At last the Counsellor took his leave 'to go home,' he said. 'But he did not go home. When he got up to Usher's Island he looked sharply up and down the empty quays, and walked briskly away in the direction of Harcourt-street The morning had been dull and lowering, and a little before noon it had taken to rain —a steady, heavy, dreary downpour. All the morning Lord Edward was in the gayest of gay spirits, taking no thought ot the perils that encompassed him, or of the death that approached. About noon there came a messenger to the door, who put a heavy parcel in Murphy's hands, and disappeared without a word. In an upper room, where. Lord Edward was I writing, Murphy and he opened the pareel together, and found a General's uniform, ' dark green and gold, complete even to the. braid and buttons. To Murphy it was a sharp reminder how close at hand the fateful rising -was, and stung him to more keen' anxiety for his noble guest, on whom so muciju- depended. But the mere sight of .the weapons that came with the uniform seemed to exhilarate the young soldier. He fingered them almost lovingly, half drawing the bright new blade, and testing its keen edge with his thumb. Then he sent it back with a clang into the scabbard. ' 'Not yet,' he murmured, rather to himself, than to his companion. 'In a fortnight more —if all goes well — I will unsheath it in the face of the enemy. Take it away, my good fellow'— to Murphy— 'the pen. is my weapon just now, but 'there's metal more attractive/ I could never see a good blade yet without my fingers longing to play with the hilt of it. Get all these things, out of the way into some safe place, till there is need of them.' Laughingly Murphy gathered the uniform and weapons together, and carried them off to hide amongst the. skins in the garret But in five minutes he was back again in Lord Edward's room with a changed, fright ened' expression in his eyes. ^ ; 'Quick! quick! my lord,' he whispered, un der his breath; 'I must get you to some safe hiding place at once. The troops are in the street' ' 'Nowadays the troops are ^always in the streets,' Lord Edward answered, smiling back at him over his shoulder, but without rising from his desk. 'But with ? heaven's help we will drive them out of the streets soon.' ? 'They have halted for the last twenty min utes opposite Moore's house; they are march ing straight here.' 'It is the straight route to their barracks,*' . Lord Edward answered/again, ^without mov ing. 'My lord! my lord! for my sake, if not fpr your own, come with -me at ranee.- : It is fuin and death to me if you are discovered.' The plea told at- once, as the faithful fel low hoped it would. Lord Edward, still smiling at what he thought to be mere idle feays, put aside his /pen and .papers, and followed bis host silent ly frora the room. They climbed a high steep stairs to the garret, and then a narrow iron step-ladder, on to the roof. First up the. ladder1 went Murphy, and, grunting with the effort, pushed back the rusty bolts and raised the heavy skylight with his shoulder. The high roof was clammy and slippery with the rain. . ? . ?&$ \ 'Follow me,' Murphy whispered anxious: ly, and led the way, crawling on hands and feet to the valley between the two ridges of the roof where half a dozen men could crouch concealed. 'Lie close, my lord. You are quite safe there. I will come for you the moment the danger is ; gone by.' Curiously enough the soldiers halted, al most, but not quite, opposite the door, a little nearer to the Castle. From the garret window Murphy watched them anxiously. Creeping cautiously down to the edge of the roof, Lord Edward looked over the l'aised gutter, through which the water ran gurg ling. From where he lay he could not see the soldiers, though he could hear the jang- j ling of their accoutrements and the murmur of their voices through the sullen drip, drip, j and gurgle of the rain. His eyes ranged i over Dublin that stretched before him, the ghost of a dead city, close muffled in a chill grey winding-sheet, with the gaunt shoulders of some high house, or the blurred outline of some sharp steeple, showing here and there through the mist. Presently the troops began to move, but they still paraded the street backwards and i forwards on a narrow beat, and Murphy \ watched and waited, and Lord Edward lay quite still in his cold, damp hiding-place, looking out over the cold, grey city. So an hour passed. The fine rain gradual ly soaked and chilled him to the marrow of. his bones. It is sad to think how far, except in moments of brisk action or keen excite- 1 ment, the phases of the body dominate the| mind. j A dull sinking of the heart came upon Lord Edward as he lay. Vague fears took horrid shape. The thought of failure, the fear of failure, daunted him at last The triumph of the enemy, the utter hopeless misery of the conquered people, came vividly before him as they had never come before. Withal there raged in him like a fever a mad impa tience of delay. If he could but break through the invisible net of treachery, ini which the movement was on 'all sides en- 1 tangled, and meet the enemy in the open, j he had no fear of the result But even then j the fatal net was closing on him nearer and nearer. Discomforting treachery seemed y- lurk almost palpable to the touch in the clammy mist and dreary rainfall. A dull despondency, a cheerless sense of his own impotence, that comes at times on the very bravest, loosened the fibres of his heart So he lay well into the second hour in that steady downpour, that chilled him body and spirit. At last Murphy's head showed at the sky light, and a cautious 'Hist!' came to Lord Edward's ears. He was so wet that the water trickled cold upon his limbs and body as he moved. Even when he had changed his dripping clothes, and sat before a cheery fire at din ner with his host, the deadly chill was still j in the marrow of his bones. He scarcely ate or drank at all, in spite of his host's pressing. (To be continued.) 