Angeline. BY EMILE ZOLA. CHAPTER I. Nearly two years ago I was spinning on my bicycle over a deserted road towards Or- gevnl, above Polssy, when the sudden sight of a wayside house caused me such surprise that I sprang. from my machine to take a better look at It. ' , It was a brick-built house witu no marseu characteristics, and It stood under the grey November sky, amid the cold wind which was sweeping away tl.o dead leaves, In tlie centre of spacious grounds planted with old trees. That which rendered It remarkable, which lent it an aspect of fierce, wild, savage strangeness of a nature to oppress the heart, was the frightful nbandoumeut Into which it bad fallen. And as part of the Iron gate was torn away, and a huge notice board, with lettering half effaced by the rnln, an nounced that tlie place was for sale, I en tered the garden, yielding to curiosity mlu- gled with uucaslncss nnd anguish. The house must have been unoccupied for 30, or, perhaps, 40 years. The bricks of tho cornices and facings had been disjoined by past winters, "and were ovorgrowp with moss and lichen. C nicks, suggestive of precocious wrinkles, scarred the foutage of the building, which' still looked strong, though no caro whatever was now taken of It. The steps bc- iqw, split by frost, and shut- off by nettles anil brambles, formed, as it were, a throsli- liold of desolation aud death. But the frightful mournfulness of the place enme more particularly from Its bare, eurtafqless, glnucous windows, whose panes lincl boon broken by stone throwing urchins, and which, one and all, revealed the desolate emptiness of the rooms, like dim eyes that bad remained wide open in some soulless corpse. Thou, too, the spacious garden all nrouud -wag a scene of devastation; tho old flower beds could scarce be discerned be neath the- growth, of rank weeds; the paths had disappeared, devoured by hungry plants; the 'shrubberies had grown to virgin forests. There-was all the wild vegetation of some abandoned cemetery In the damp gloom be neath the huge and ancient trees, whose last leaves were that day being swept off by the autumn wind, which ever shrieked Its dole ful plaint. : ' Long did I linger there amidst that des pairing wair of nature, for though my heart was- oppressed :by covert fear, by growing iiiighlsb/.I'wns detained by n fet'ling of ardent pity; a. longing to know and to bj'ui- liathise vYltU: all tko woe and grief that I felt ; around ime. . And when . at Inst I bad left the spot nnd perceived across .the . road, at n point where Mho latter forked, a kind of tavern, a hovel whore drink' was sold, I oiitercdl'lt, fully rcsolved to question the folks, of the nclghbo'rhcm'd. But I only found theromn old womnn who sighed aud whimpered as she . served inc a glass 6f beer, , She "complained of living on that "out of the way road,, along wblcli not even a couple of cyclists passed each day. And slie talked on Interminably, telling me hor story, relating thnt she was called Mo ther Toussalnt, tlint she aud her man had come from Vernon to take thnt tavern, that things had turned out fairly well at first, hut that all had been going from bad to worBe since she bad become a widow. When, after her rush of words, I began, to question her respecting .the - neighboring house, she suddenly beenme circumspect, and glanced at me suspjeiously, as if she thought, that I wished to tear some dread secret from her. "Ah, yes,"- said she, VLa Snuvnglere, tho haunted house, as people say hereabouts. For my part I _ know nothhig, _ monsieur. It iloesn't'dnto from iny time. I slmll have only been hero ,30 years come next Easter, and thOBe- tblngs go: back well nigh, to 40 years how. When wo cntuc here tho house was hlrendy much as you see It. /The summers pnss, the winters pnss, aud nothing stirs un less It bo the. stones, that falii" "But, why," I asked, "why Is the place hot sold, since It Is for sale?" : "Ah! -YVhy— why can i tell? people say so mnuy things." .. ! I was doubtless beginning to inspire her with some confidence.- Besides, at heart she must have been burning lo tell mo the many things that people said. She began by re lating thnt not ouo of the. girls of the neigh boring, vlllnge ever dared to cuter La Snu- vngioro after twilight, for ruinor hnd It that some poor wandering soul returned thither every night. And, as X expressed astonish ment that sucli a story should still find ac credit so near to Purls, she shrugged lier shoulders, tried to talk like a strong-minded woman, hut finally betrayed by her manner the terror she did not confess. "There are facts thnt can't be denied, monsieur. You ask why the place Is not sold? I've seen ninny purchasers arrive, nnd all have gone off quicker- than tliey came; not one of them has. ever put In a second ap pearance., Well, one matter that's certain Is thnt as soon as a visitor daro venture in- Bldo the house some extraordinary things happen. Tlie doors swing to nnd fro and close by themselves with n bang, as if a hurricane were sweeping past. Cries, moans nud sobs ascend from the cellars, and if the visitor obstinately remains, n henrtrendlug voice raises. a continuous cry of 'Augellue! Augcllno! Angeline!' in sucli distressful, ap pealing tones that one's very boues nre frozen. I repeat to you thnt this has been proved, nobody will tell you otherwise." I must own that I was now growing Im passioned myself, and could feel a little chilly quiver coursing under my skin. "'And | this Angeline, who Is she?" I asked. "AM monsieur, It wouidTTf5 tell you nil. And, once a£a Is f!! know nothing." - - ! 'MOj j , Nevertheless, the old woman,.., , lug mo all. Some forty years Iff lliJ or about 185S-at the time wlio 1' pliant Second Empire was enl <> de G , a functionary at thci.n fe> his wife by whom he had a ten years old- Angellne, a marl, ' tho living portrait of her mother t later, M. de G married n-fia r another famous bonulv, the w, ra, officer. Audit was the very moment of those See,„" atroc ous jealousy had sprang . Angeline and her stepmothw- ,,, ' stricken in tho heart at null : mother already forgotten, rcnlJL by a stranger, tllc' « r maddened, by always having bcto,.-. ,"' living portrait of a woman whos ' she feared she would never i,f ' efface. £ La Snuvnglcrc was the properly 0f, j Madame de G— , „,„i (here, ont c, 1 seeing the father passionately cmi 1 daughter, she, In her jealous mate j said, had dealt the child so viol , 1 that the poor girl lm,l fallen to | dead, hor collar- bone broken. Then the rest was frightful; the j | father consenting do bury his UaiH jj his o wn hands in the cellar of the | i order to save the murderess; the 1 lying there for years, whilst thee i"l said to be living with an aunt; and J the howls of a dog and Its persistent e lug of: the ground, lending .to the i | of tlie- crime, which was, however, J hushed up by -'.command of the Tulle'i 1 now Monslciir and Madame dc G— ,| both deiid, 'while' Angeline again wf each flight ht the call of the" hem J voice that: ever cried for her from on d| mysterious spheres beyond the dart 1 "Nobody will contradict me," e I Mother Toussalnt: "It is nil as tin J two and'two make four." "i I had listcucd to 'lier In bowlhlen | seating certain Improbabilities, huh -I by tbc brutal aud sombre strangece f tragedy. I had heard something ol HL de G , nnd It seemed to mo tta J Indeed married a second time, nud t! S family grief hail overclouded his ill it the tale true, then? What a trag jj affecting story! Every human £ stirred up, heightened, exasperated I 4 nessithe most terrifying Iovo tide it- -J be, a little girl ns beauliful as i I adored and yet killed by her step and burled by her father In the cor cellar! There was here more nu horror and emotion tliau one might liope for. " ' ; \- I was ngnln about to question anl f' things. Then I asked myself wh ;. be the use of It. Why uot carry thi ful story away with mo la its flow c indeed as It had sprouted from p 1 imagination? As I again sprang upon niy blcpcl ' La Snuvnglcrc -a Inst glnneo. Tlienl falling, and tho woeful house gnie with Its dlni'nnd empty windows afu eyes" of a corpse, whilst tho wallclthi tumn 'wind' still swept through the at trees. - ' ,B ' iCHAPTEU II. I Why did this story so fix Itself In aiti us/to'Ieail.to real obsession, perieetttijl This Is oni> 'of those intellectual that arc difficult to solve. Iu valnll®® self that : similar legends overrun th® districts; and that I liail no direct texH tills one. In spite of all I was haol'JB that dead child, that lovely nnd trasri-jg llue, to whom every night for 40 JWI | a desolate voice liml called tbrKfi | empty rooms of the forsaken house. | Thus, during tlie first two month « | winter, I made researches. Itws®s thnt' If anything, however little, l»5 | of such a dramatic disappearance, lh«® papers of the period must lm re rifeaw'j® I-Iowevcr, I ransacked the 1 " 1 h' ' ij| National Library without iliscoveriT | about any such story. Theu 1 1!- a contemporaries, men who ' « hnd Intercourse with Tnllories «W. | none could give me a positive replf, » obtained contradictory Infonnatloa . » so that, although slill anil cverio. ® the mystery, I hnd ahaniloned nil lor | ting to the truth, when ohauccoui-® set mo on a fresh track. Jj|g Every two. or three weeks I pal ffiS good fellowsbip, affection and In K the- old poet, V who died W.® tho tliresUolU of his scvcntlot y 1® ysis of tho legs hnd, for ninnjr y» Jg riveted him to an armclinlr M tho Rue d'Assns, whose wM the garden of the Luxcmhou s. g peacefully finished a ilrcnuij ' yi W ever lived on Iiiincltiatioii. bull M self a palace of Ideality, Is ' loved and suffered far awaj , Who of us does not 1 and amiable features, Ills like a child's, his pale hlu( i of m retained the iimoecnce o .f yo not say that ho InviuLM But the truth Is that he was PJ| tlon, lu suchwlsc that ®" knew nt what point rcn 1 for him aud at what polD ' He was n very charming dotached from life, one wU filled me with emotion l - (,)S|S were a vague discreet revel Jg known. . „i,«,fla; -One day then, I s ' near the window. of Ibc blazing fire ever W1U" ' The terribly out of doors. gardens stretched awaf u BtTi,rmpl horizon of Immaculate K„d I know not bow, but at last I Skim of La Sauvaglcrc, and of the Em worried mc-that fattier who Kried. and that step- mother, jealous BLm girl; then the. murder perpe- »n lit of fury, and the burial in a aLtom-d to mo wllb the quiet smile K retained even in moments of sad- silence fell, his pale blue eyes M away over tbc White - Immensity ffilaixemhourg, whilst a shade of emanating from him, seemed to ffit'ipilver all around. Ms M (Ie a — very well," be slowly Bkiiew his first wife, whose beauty ffihiunan; I knewthe second one, who nfess wondronsly beautiful; and I gSsrionntoly loved them both without m|ig It. I also knew Angoline, wtio Wmc beautiful than they, and whom SFllttle later would have worshipped IIL, But tilings dill not happen Bou say." Botlon wits profonnd. Was tlic un- Hetruth that I despaired of at. hand, Wfirst I felt no distrust, but sold to Bj.what a service you render ine;' my glshall at last be able' to quiet my, IP Make haste to tell me all." . ffiwas mi t listening, his 'glance still ffifar away. And lie began to spcnl: ffii.v voice, as IT ereatlng things and Sffids mlnil as lie proeeeded— H&ears; of age Angellnc was onn In jgEwninaii's love, with every impulse ® grief, hail already flowered. She fi-jt desperately jealous, of the gj||wliom every day slie saw in her BKnis. she suffered from It as froin ffloitfiil act of betrayal; it was not Safer only wlio was Insulted by that she herself wns tortured, lior Was pierced. Kvery night, too, Bp her mother calling her from the Bra one night, eager to rejoin her, gjlbY excess of suffering and excess jjg||3 child, who wns but 12 years old, SKuIfe Into her heart." aHKnrsl from me. "All! Is It pos- went wns the fright and horror," be H without hearing me, "when on ®Wb-, Monsieur and Mndnmo de,G— r Kellne iu lier little bed with that fflBgrd to Its very. ibandlo In lior Bracy were about to start for Italy; B|serrnnts. too, there only remained Hgso one old nurse, who had reared BBIln their terror, fearing thnt" iiicj;. fflfficcnsed of a crime, they '.Induced. to help them, and tiioy illd -iu-. Bffl|the body, but I11 a corner of the. MBq- behind the house, nt the foot gggirorniiKC tree. And there It was MRhc day when, the parents lielug. Mrold servant tolil the story." ' Kad come to me while lie spoke, jrantinlscd him anxiously, wondering BBBnot Invented this. "But," said I, RRSink It possible that Angellne can mmE; cr.i-h night in respouso to the WUvK mysterious voice' that calls ggra lie looked lit me and smiled !n- ®iiee move. stflsrot-k, my friend? Why, .everyone BHt! Why should not the. soul"- of' ffiead child still dwell . In the spot gSBlorcd nml snffcreil? If a voice Is Sng her, 'tis because life, lins not IfflSarrcsli for her. Yet It will begin aBHDtliliig la lost, love no more than «nngel!ne! Angellnc! Angellnc! SBhh, nml will be born anew to tho ®B|d the flowers." v neitlier belief nor tranquliily «|K mind. . Indeed, my old friend alillil poet, hail but Increased my IfHglo bad assuredly been Inventing Hmd yet, like all visionaries, lie 8Baos divine the truth. SgHti'iic, what you have been tplliflfi, figured to ask him, with a laugh. Him broke Into gentle , mirth, fflmilnly It Is true. Is not the ln- Knmtlie Inst time I saw him, for soon sShK had to quit Paris. But I still mMeIiIiii. glancing thoughtfully over aBgxiniiise of the Luxembourg, so mHBho convictions horn of his end- jgBnmRivlii-rcas I am eonsnmcd by niy flHBnxrest mid for nil time determine BSBfik ever and ever flees. B CHAPTER III. fraHniiionths went by. I bad been jjBSKavol; great trials and great joys illy life amidst the tempest BKwrcari-lcs us all towards tbc Ua- gBKat cerlaln moments still I beard HBHWery— "Angellne! Angellnc! An- HBroacli from nfur and penetrate |mSp!n I trembled, full of doubt once Snm&ed; by my desire to know. A jSBflgffi'gol; for me there Is no worse gjiwprtiilnlv. - |BBBy. how It was that one splendid Hfti I again found myself on my TMBp10 lonely road that passes La wKBHnd-I expressly wished to see or was It mere Instinct that HgHBo-flult the highway and turn in It was nearly 8 o'clock, but longest days of tho year, the IMBiiraillant with a triumphant sun- all gold and azure. And how lnHplous was the atmosphere, how Kg|3?collt of foliage and 'grass, how SHBSbh joyous the far stretching aBffljBTof- the Holds! HI"1 occasion, amazement made HBHEP my machine in front of La kesltateil for a moment. The gSHKlonger the same. A line new SRHgtcrca In the sunset, the walls HsHHE'ccd, nml the house, which 1 gBjsHBk "s'logulsli among the trees, WUSWo regained tbc smiling gaiety then, the predicted re- surrection? Had Angellnc' returned to. life at the call-of tbc distant voice? I had remained on the road, thunderstruck, still gazing, when a halted footfall made mo start. I turned and saw Mother Tonssnint bringing her cow hack from a neighboring patch of lucerne. "So tiiese folks were not frightened, eli?" said I, pointing to the house. She recognised me and stopped her beast. "All, monsieur!" she answered, "there are people who would tread on angels them selves! Tbc place has' boon sold for more than a year now. Bnt it was a painter tvbo bongbt'It, a painter named B. — , and those artists, you know, nre capable of anything!" Then she drove 011 her cow, shaking licr head and .adding, "Well, well, we must sec how It will all turn out." B- — 1 the painter, the delicate and skilful artist who' lind portrayed ,60 many amiable Pnrisle'nnes! I knew lrlm a little. YVc sliook hands when we met lit theatres, and shows — avliorcver, Indeed, peo-p.lp are apt. to. 'meet. Thus, all at once; an Irresistible louging seized 111c to go in, innke my eonfessloii to him and beg' him to tell me what; lie.knew - of this Sauvaglere,. .whbscrniystcry/i.ever : haunted me. ; And without . reasoning, jiwithout- thought' even of niy. diisly-eyeling suit, -whiqlr custom, by'- .-the Wriy, Is' .iiowitgnkcring'/.p : opened the gale and rplleduny. bicycle as . far . as the mossy -I rank crf an-'old ..tree. . At tbc clear call of:a:Ueli:ainxed'.to thb;gatc'a.;sef:. vnut came. I banded liim niy.caril. iind lie. left ine for a nioiiient;in:-tlie"giirdeii. ,,-: ;. My surprise Increased still iiioi-e wlicn -I giiiuccd around me. The -house, ifron t lind beeu'i'cpaircd ; there .were no inore.craeks,'no more disjointed bricks; .tbeVsteps,.; g|rt.:"with roses, were once mo're'.llke n threshold of Joyous welcome; and. now the jiving windows smiled and spoke of ;tbc ibappiuessibehiiid their snowy: curtains. -:Thcu,-:-tqo; there : was the garden rid of Its nettles amp. brambles;- the flower bed rcvlvlscetil.' resembling a' huge anil, fragrant nosegay, and .the; ;oid- .trees, standing amid the qiilctude'of -eonturles;: re juvenated by the golden i-aln of; th'o suiiimer: snn. v " IV lien the servant- returned lie led me lo a'drnwlngroom, saying thnt.-jhis;. master ;hnil gone to the neighboring village, fliut-.tyquld. soon be home. . I would .:' have zwiilted.:; for; hours.'-: .'At. 'first I -took patience Hi . examiiiliig ,ihc'''room:r':wbfch,:'.tviis> elc-gn 11 tl j- '; fu 111 1 she d , :%tl£:-iicavyx<«iiTie-. and window lind door eurtahis- of eretoimo similar "to -tlint tvlileli- 'upholstcrcd: the flai-go seltces' and;the';.deep aria ebnlrs.' The hangUigs .werc, Iiideed. so, 'fiill thn't-i wh# astonished iriCtiie suililen fall of the daylight. 7 . Then came .darkness "almost. Micrfeet. -. I know not lu>w long I st;iyed therc., T, lind been forgo'lteii. NoTiliiip/wiis cvciiTirouglit me. . Seated : in .,ihe. glooiii, .I once nguin yielded, to my -dreams'and'Uvcd through, tbc whole tragic- ctory. ,: Hnd:Angellue been unu-- dcred? -Or -had slie liersolf -lliriibt a knife Into lier/heart? Aiid:r inust coiifcss lt,.iu that haiinted house, tvhero :'ii)i -had/bec6me: so black, fear .icized - upon : 111c — ft-ni- -wlileli ivas at the outsct luit' slight unenslness; a little; creeping of the flesh,, and wlilch,' 'aftety; wards grew, froze. me head' to foot. till 1 was. tilled ivlth Insane fright. -It sceihcd to me nt'flrst thnt yugue sounds wore echoing -'somewhere. \' "Ttviis 'doubtless In the depths of the cellars. .-Thero were low monns,- - stifled "sobs; footsteps as of . some pliniitom. Then It all ascended: mid ;.dre)v nearer; the whole dnrk house seemed to me full of thnt frightful anguish. All at once the terrible call arose— "Ange llnc! Angellne! Angellne!" .with such in creasing force thnt I fancied I could feel a puff of ley breath sivoop npross my face. ' A door of the drawiugroom wns Hung open violently; Angellnc entered nnil crossed the room without seeing me. I recognised tier In tho flush of light which came lu from the' hall, where a lump was burning, 'Twas really she, the poor dead child, twelve years of age, so marvellously beautiful. Her splen did fair linlr fell over her shoulders,, and she was. clad Ir. white; she had comc.-nll white from the grave whence every alght she rose. : Mute, scared, bIio passed before me and vanished through nnother door, whilst again the cry rung out, further away— "Angellnc! Angellnc! Angellne!" And I— I remained erect, my brow wet with perspiration, In a state of horror, which made my hull' stand 011 end, beneath the terror- striking blast that lind come from the Mysterious. Almost Immediately afterwards, I fancy, nt the moment when a servant nt last brought a lamp, 1 became conscious that B , tho painter, wna heshle me, shaking my hand, and npollglslng for having kept 1110 waiting so long. I showed 110 false prlile, but, still quivering with dread, I at once told him my story.- Anil with what astonishment did lie not listen to 111c, and then with what kindly laughter did he not seek to reassure me! ".You are doubtless unaware, my dear fel low, that I am a cousin of the second Ma dame de G — . Poor woman! To accuse lior of having murdered that child, she who loved her and wept for her ns much ns the father did himself. For the only point that is true Is that tho poor little girl (lid die here, not, thank heaven, by her own hand, but from a .sudden fever wlilch struck her down like a thunderbolt, In such wise that the parents forsook this house In horror and would never return to It. This explains why It so long remained empty even in their lifetime. After their death clime endless Inw suits, which prevented It from being sold. I wished to secure It myself; I watched for it for years, and I assure you thnt since we have been here we hnve seen 110 ghost." . The little quiver cnine over me again, and I stammered— "But, Angellne, I lmve just seen her, here, this nionieut! The terrible voice was calling her, and she passed by, she crossed this room!" He looked at 1110 In dismay, fancying tlint my mind wns nffected. Then, all at'oneo, be again broke Into a sonorous, kuppy laugli. ' - . "It 'was my daughter whom you sow. It so happens -that M. do G— — wns licr god father; -nml In memory of Ids own dear daughter be chose for. her t-lie iinuie of An gellnc. No doubt her mother was culling her just now, and site passed through this room." - Then he himself opened a door, anil once more raised the cry, 'Angellne! Angellne! Angellne." The child returned, not dead, hut living, sparkling .with juvenile gnlcty. 'Ttvn'a she In her white gown, wltb lior splendid fair hair falling over licr shoulders, ami so beau tiful, so radiant with hope, tlint slie looked like an Incarnation of all the springtide of life, hearing In the bud. the promise of love and the promise of loug years of happiness. : Ah! the dear revenante, the new child that had sprung from the one that was no more! Dentil wns vanquished. My old friend, the poet V — -, hnil told no falsehood. Nothing is lost, renascence comes to. all, to beauty as well ns love. . ' Mothers' voices cull them, those lnsses of to-ilny, those sweethearts of to-morrow, mid they live afresh beneath tho sun, amid the flowers And 'twas that awakening of youth thnt now haunted the house— the house which had oneo more be come yonug and hnppy, 111 the Joy at last re gained thnt springs from life the eternal. — "The Scotsman." 