ODDS AND ENDS. "Hamlet" lias made more money than any other play in the English language. The Japanese address their letters the re verse of what we do, writing Hie country first, -the state or proviuce next, then the oily, the street and number, and the name last of all. The Dloomsburv (London) County Court Judge is so largely occupied in settling dressmaking disputes that a side room is set apart for iadies desirous of donning the > garments in dispute for the Judge's inspec tion. Llamas are the chief freight-carriers In Central Peru. The usual load for an animal is about 100 H>. If you put upon his hack more than he can easily carry, he quietly kneels, and will not budge until the load is reduced. The French language is said to be better adapted to the purpose of 'the telephone than the English, because tbe large number of sibilant or hissing syllables in English renders it a less easy aud accurate means of communication. At the opening of the Vegetarian Con gress in London, Professor Mayor, of Cam bridge, claimed Oindurinan as a vegetarian victory. The whole of the native troops who fought 011 the British side were said to be vegetarians. Lord Khartoum always felt his sympa thies strongly drawn towards Egypt. He used to delight in studying the history and geography of the East. He was one of the first officers to believe in the future value of it'lle Egyptian Anny. The discovery lias lieen made that there is a minor planet, which is 22,000,000 miles nearer the earth than Mars, hitherto re garded as our nearest neighbour in space. The hew planet will be only about 13,000,000 im'ies away when nearest us. The term of a prisoner in Mexico is di vided in-lo three periods. The first is occu pied with penal labour, the second is spent in the training-school, with small pay, and It he third is preparatory to freedom, with paid work-and many privileges. A thousand million persons travel by train in the United Kingdom every year; or, perhaps, it would be more correct to say that every person in the United Kingdom, on an average, goes by train twenty-fire times during the twelve months. It is assorted that David's tomb on 'Mount '/Aim, which is a Mohammedan shrine of the most sacred character, and to which the Emperor William was recently admitted by the Sultan's express order, had never been seen bv a Christian since 1187. Diamond cutters are divided into three el asses--the cleavers., who split the stone in the rough info proper shape; the shapers, who, with machines and diamond dust, work the stone into the most beautiful shape they can; and the polishers, who give the gem the lustre (hat dazzles. A tunnel has been completed vigirt through the roek of Uibraltar, which in wartime is to he used for strategic pur poses. It is 1,1(10 yards in length, 10 1't. wide, and from 8 ft. to 14 ft. in height. It penetrates the grsai roek from west to east, and took thirteen months to bore. Kinafoii. the volcanic ring island, is a lonely spot in the Pacific, midway between 1'iji and Samoa. J(- is throe miles in ex ternal diameter, and the entire const line is formed of black lava "rocks. Inside is a deep depression, rwo miles in diameter, sur rounded by cliffs .'SOU ft. high. It contains a deep, calm lake, on the eastern side of which is a peninsula formed by the erup tions o£ ]8Sti. Aii ingenious scheme is on foot for pro viding pensions by eo-oprralion, and £250.000 has beep subscribed towards it. The bases of the plan is payment of a small sum down, and ihe accumulated interest will enable the survivors to be paid pen sions after twenty years. Each purchaser of a deferred pension lias a commission for bringing in new ones, which takes the form of an addition to his pension. Vegetable gems are among the queer things tiiat are found in the Philippines. The bamboo is empty normally, but once in a while there is found in the bamboo stem a gem which presents the appearance of an ©p&l.; Again, the milk in the cocoanut is generally considered its only contents. The really fine mil. however, is mieu wuo white sjxnigy muss, which, when exposed to the sun and envet'ully pressed, has developed the presence of small spheres with much of the lustre of the pearl. A genius has invented an electrical ap paratus hy the use of which a person may sit in a dnrh room and look at a scene in another part of a town regardless of inter vening obstructions. It is claimed that the instrument operates similarly to the tele phone. Scientists explain the transmission of sound over telephone^ wires by the theory of sound waves. The inventor of the new instrument claims that his appli ance transmits light waves, just as the sound waves are carried over the wire by electricity. Stored away in one of the vaults of the United States Treasury arc precious stones rare perfumes, jewelled swords, and other articles of historic and intrinsic value that have been uecumiihiliuir for years. Among the most prized treasures of the collection are a bottle of gems and a vial tilled with almost priceless attar of roses. Tradition has it that the jewels arc also of very great value. They were presented to President Martin van Ituren by (lie Imauni of Muscat in 1830. Many of the swords have gold hilts set with gems, and commemorate great military events. livery one may not know what the term "benefit of peerage" implies. A Peer can demand a private audience of the Sovereign to represent his views on matters of public welfare. For treason or felony he can de- 1 mand to be tried by bis peers: be cannot be outlawed in any civil action, nor can lie. be arrested unless for ah indictable offence, and be is exempt from serving on Juries. He may sit with his bat on in Courts of ; Justice, and should be be liable to tbc last penalty of the law, be can demand a silken cord instead of a hempen rope. The stokers on board an ocean "liner," provided the men are steady in their ha bits, suffer very little from their arduous labours. A stoker works four hours at a stretch, and during tlmt time the tempe rature of bis surroundings varies from 120 deg. to 100 deg. One stoker usually has four furnaces to attend to, and while feed ing one furnace, a roan has to be extremely careful or his arm will be burnt by the fur- j nace behind liim. A man is occupied for ' About three minutes at; c-acb furnace. It has been found that the work is least inju rious to the men who are regularly em ployed at it. The yellow-and-red Spanish flag is the oldest of any used by the European Powers, as it was first flown in 1785. The French tri-colonr was first used in 1795, the red English ensign, with the present Union Jack in the upper canton, in 1801, the pre sent Italian flag in 1848, the present Austro Hungarian flag in 1867, and the German flag in 1871. The Stars and Stripes of the United States is older than any of these, as it was adopted in 1777, and- the only alteration it. , has undergone has been the addition of a new star whenever a new Slate lias been added to thp Union. Royal wedding cakes are never sent out until they have matured at least six months. Hie actual- baking process lasts from five to seven ho.urs. • So great is the demand for cake on the occasion of a Royal wedding that the makers 'have always a stock of more than 2,008 lb. in the season ing room. During 1S97 an American newspaper tried tobeena record of all people reported to have died in the United States at the age of 100 years or over. The total reported n'as, curiously enough, just 300. Two thirds of these were women, all hut four being white women. Of the coloured cen tenarians, thirteen were men. The oldest person to die was a coloured man, aged 125\. A white man died at St. Louis, who claimed to be 141, hul there iras no proof that he was over 121. The oldest white woman was 120. There were fourteen people whose ages ranged from 110 to 125. England is a highly civilised country, with centuries of culture, with ingrained habits of investigation, shrewd at bargain ing, rich in aphorisms of worldly wisdom, .with hundred? of newspapers, and millions of books, and tens of thousands of schools; and yet, with all this background of his tory,' and all this mighty apparatus of knowledge, we all know that, once a popu lar delusion is started, it will race through the land like flame over a prairie, claiming millions as its victims. The most superfi cial ghost .stories are greedily swallowed, the. alleged healing powers of some quack, if sufficiently advertised, are believed.— "Spectator. 