"TJNJOI-ÏTED CHAIR Br-M_ticD__. there seems to be A marvellous unanimity about the retrenchment of our Legislative Assembly, which means the reduction of the number of our paid legislators when Federation shall be an accomplished foot People oak If the number is nearly 50 per cent above our roads now, what will it be when New South Wales has handed over to a Federal _¡xex,u_>o and Federal Legislature many of the services and subjects which require local legislators to accomplish no much talk and interference-? 4 6 6 Of course, if answers a. civilised people, some system of local government would supersede another large batch of our Partially Paid But leaving local government to the consideration of our great grandchildren for that question has not been ex- pressing our people for more than 30 or 40 years, and is hardly ripe for serious treatment by this generation the ten dozen and a half members who now do duty as a Legislative Assembly here with no inconvenience, and with immense benefit to the country, be reduced to almost six dozen The only question of importance is how to do it "Which IT Ps. are to walk the plank? What electoral districts are to be abolished or boxed up with others ? For every self-respecting member thinks he is indispensable, and every electoral district thinks itself the " hub " of the colony, and it is so hard in these cases to prove a negative to the satisfaction of the people concerned * . a Bat the redistribution of who colony into bigger districts need not be a harder job than the crea- tion of the single electorates was Indeed it ought to be easier The S v day divisions can either be paired by knocking two into one, or they can be combined with adjoining suburban electorates or portions of electorates Many of the country electoral districts also can be combined in Uko fashion At all events, at least 50 existing electorates can be knocked on the head. There need be no weeping or gnashing of teeth, for no man has more than a three-year interest in his seat and salary at most, and the reduction need not be accomplished until the end of a Parliament Of course, the constituent ion will grumble and kick up rows about the fixing of the new boundaries, as they always have done and will do , but the b bald-headed man at the back of the omnibus says it has to be done, and he stands for Public Opinion, which means in this matter to have its own say and its own we ly And as to the members who will be us seated, let them find seats as aldermen or shire councillors, or become land agents, or tea mixers, contractors, agitators, election agents, Agents General, members of the Federal Parliament anything All we require is that they clear out of Parliament House quietly and hand over their railway passes-" honest Injun," as they say in the States And I should be grieved to think that a large proportion of the disestablished Kens would not, (is the poet "unga, be able to " rise on stopping stones of their dead selves to higher things." And have I not mentioned some of these higher things ? a a a a a It does not do to make too much of court I dences, but sometimes they are useful to point a moral when you have nothing better If six men, all of whom squinted, were to find them selves sitting together in a smoking carriage, j smoking their way to Brisbane, and you found I that, though strangers, they vi tro til"dcsdagm the revised version of the Common, wealth Bill, some people might infer from the coincidence j that-but I will not pursue the topic So I might infer, and so might you, that you use the population of the American States, when they were busy hammering- at their Constitution, was fined millions six hundred thousand and something, travel the population of to Canada when they were on the job of making a Dominion was also three shout six hundred thousand and something , these Australian colonies (the five continental ones and Tasmania) are necessarily on the right track, because their population comes to within a few lengths of the same figures-as if. three millions point 0 were a lucky number for federation-which, let us piously hope, may turn out to be a fact, though as an argument one could not back it for much 6 4 6 The interviews of the " Herald's " special reporter and those Samoan chiefs and consuls chronicled last week were not dull reading Take Tamasoao's answer to the interviewer's question, How Mutilare'.. people bought rifles when their sale was prohibited Tammy 1 inched at the Junction and thus he answered it "The white men are like ghosts They say rifles prohibited this site, that side, but underneath they give cries All white, men are alike in this " He. does not even on except miHBionnues All are hypocrites and humbug, and, as he says, like "hosts, "ghosts" being probably the nearest English come dent occurring to themterprotor Perhaps " sorcerers" or " wizards " was the word in Tumnseso's mind, but let it pass at " ghosts " Tamasese is evidently no fool, and he seems to think that we in the Berlin Treaty and Three-Power Government in order to find a market for obsolete rifles and condemned ammunition as barter for copra But surely there must be some misapprehension on his part some failure to discriminate between whites and whites * * a * * This month of March is the Larrican o month par excellence for the Samoan Archipelago, and it is to be presumed that the warships now in Apia " Harbour " will take every care not to be caught in that little " funnel mourned bottle " of a coral reef harbour (The phrase is Stovpuion's) like the American and German warships on March 16, just 40 years ago That was the day when the Nipsic, Vuudalia, and Trenton under the American Admiral Kimberley, and the Adler, Liber, and Olga of the German Navy, are very nearly coming to something worse than hard words, were all smashed to pieces, stranded, or foundered, not as much because of the hurricane force of the wind, is of the famous sea which poured into a little hole of a place which had not accommodation for more than four large ships Besides the warships some six or eight men him 58sec came to grief Stevenson, in his " foot note to History " gives a description of this disaster, as might have been expected from such a master, but when he describes the magnificent escape of the Calliope under Captain Kane, I think he somehow has forgotten her engine room and stokehold, both of which contained some splendid live specimens on that fateful day, and but for whom Captain Kane could never have got his ship to sea If the chief engineer (I think Buik was the name) rent to bed that night, which may be doubted, his cot, or hammock, had a hero in it And his almost in- stantaneous promotion shove fd that other people thought so too Furthermore, you may be quite sure that those generally -ignored Seamen Warriors, " the Jollies, her Majesty's Jellies "-" soldiers and sailors too contributed their little mite to the job then on hand. Who has not read and wept over, Tod's " Parliamentary Government in the Colonies," Adamb' " Swiss Confederation," and Bourmol's " Federal Gov- eminent in Canada " ? If such there be, perhaps they will take kindly, as I have done to a little book about Canada and Ottawa written by the Speaker of the Canadian Commons, Mr Edgar, Q C, _o , just received from that interesting neighbour of Jonathan, and read through by this deponent at one sitting, such was the degree of its fascination I must make two extracts from it or quake, the first for edifica- tion, the other for, let us say, sheer exhilaration NJ 1-" The House of Commons (Canadian) went into Committee of the Whole on the Manitoba School Bill on a Monday at 3 p m The discussion went on, scores of amendments were moved, and many of there were adopted , but when the committee rose at 12 o'clock on Saturday night-The Gods) not one-tenth part of the bill had been gone through, and the sitting had lasted continuously for 120 hours After the rest on Sunday, the same thing went on the next week for a 78 hours' sitting, when the Government withdrew the bill 20/ hours' This thing happened so lately as 1896, and in the Canadian Federal Parliament (House of Commons as before said) Now I ask in all candour is there a single argument against the federation of these Australian colonial cants mod In the poll- has just sent on by the nuns Sillitoe to the Legislative Council which could look this Dno in the face ? An almost continuous sitting of 204 hours of some 113 representatives of the federated Canadian people, had with wbataresult ' Of course this Manitoba School Bill sitting at Ottawa takes the world's Parliamentary Blatherskite Cake easily. But I must add, after the fashion of Mr Wragge when he warns ship captains, " _edoration-at-nny-pncB BilhtcB, please take notice ' ' * e . ? * I hope I was not astray in classing the other attract as " exhilarating " The Canadian Speaker.- derailing tobogganing. The real thing, yon know And this is how he does it " The toboggan is good for one passenger, better for two, and lost for three, as the momentum of a heavy load carries it fast and far. The fort of danger and delight is, of course, the front Boat and this is always give to a lady, became a men must be at the back to River with, hands or foot. It is not every girl who will trust herself for the first time to the slide, but after persuasion from her-Gseort and assuring words from older lands she so carefully tucked in, and, grasping (ho rods at I each side, off Hoy go before she can change her mind. Death certain and sudden seems before her. She shuts her eyes, her breath is gone, the keen air stings, the snow drift smiles her cheek like hail, the whirlwind years about her, and the rush of the toboggan over ice and snow shrieks like the scream, of a rocket." . . . . 1" have not room for the rest of the description. Only I know that if this is tobogganing in Canada, I for one would like this land of backsliding, and suggest that we must find some place for our seat of Government where it can be done. Somewhere on the shoulders of Kiandra for example, or on the Tindarey, the Brothers, or the Canobolas ; even on Kosciusko, if Mr. Wragge does not happen to be using all of him for his high level observatory. And if, peradventure, there be some spot (of course not less than 100 miles away from Melbourne's bogey) where not only doing gaming can be done on the snow slopes, but " canoodling" on some cool sequestered river rcaohoe-(attention, all ye " C-inoodlorsî") and likewise golf (liste-, " Footers' ") why then, let somebody who knows of such a spot come along and say where it is. The latest story of the sea naturally reminds us that New South Wales has an island dependency of its own, in some respects like Tristania Canhn, and that the Government of the mother State has just promoted a veteran police magistrate, Mr. Charles Macarthur King, to tho office of its Governor. Than the patronymic *? King " no name could be more appropriate, for King (Phillip King) was the first Governor of Norfolk Island ; but that was during the period when the Hand was the convict appanage of New South Wales. Mr. King is a grandson of that Governor, and has some experience in the administration of islands, he having been police magistrate at Bourke during that 'BO flood, when nobody could doubt that Bourke was an island, for it was surrounded by many thousands of acres of water, and was only accessible to boats, fish, and crews. AT that time, I think, Mr. King was entrenched at North Bourke, and had to exercise some particularly delicate functions, in which, taut, dis- crimination, and firmness were necessary. The Governor of Tristan-da-Ciiuhn, Poor Grey, is said to be 92. He governs, strange to say, without a parliament of two chambers ; has no need of a consolidated revenue fund, there being I no money transactions among the islanders, no banks, and no overdrafts. Ho levies no taxes, not even for the destruction of rats ; that his word is as final as that of the car of all the Russias. It is all beautifully- primitive and fascinating ; but I fear Norfolk Island in too near New South Wales and New Zealand to lot Governor King take Tristan- da-Cunlui as a pattern for him to govern his island by. 