SKETOliBWr DROWNING. 'Drowning ia a pleasant death' is a remark constantly made by those who never gulped ^9wb sslt water into' the delioate tissues of their lunss. Twioe I have haft the oppor tunity of judging of the alleged delights attendant on death by drownlag ; ud on eeoh oooasion my sensations, so long as sensibility remained, were the reverse of pleaBut: were, indeed, so painful that I wonder if drowning, like the drugs of the pharmaoopcBia, does not affect different individuals in a different manner. By some strange mental prooesa, the cause of whioh I cannot explain, the eerlier of the experi ences I am about to relate remains by far the more vivid impression of the two, although the second was fifteen years later than the first. Every inoldent, emotion, and sensation of the earlier experience constantly . returns to me at nisht. The seoond 'remains in oblivion unless I voluntarily and pur posely reoall the circumstances to my mind, and then the pioture called up is a oonsotous effort of the memory; not the vivid and stirring panorama of u event whieh even now I am involuntarily oompelled to witness anea , and from whioh I cannot escape by any effort'nf the will. The earlier inoident, in all Its externals, is \- oommonplaoe enough. As a lad I waB bathing m rough weather on the beaoh of a watering plaoe in Northern Franoe. Swept out to sea, I struggled, sank, became in sensible, and was saved by the oourage aad skill of a trail ant .Frenchman — who wrote his name that day in my. mother's New Testament as a memorial of the rescue. This was all. The oircumstunoee were ordinary. A thousand such may occur every year. Psychologically, however, there are points of interest whioh arise principally from the faot that I remember all that happened dur ing a period of time whioh may have been four or five minutes, but whieh appeared to be as many hours. Almost immediately I entered the water, the much- resounding roar of the waves fc truck me as desolating ud sorrowful— full of foreboding ud terror. Ashamed of this fuoy, I instinctively but foolishly fought tnr way seawards, and was promptly oat of my depth; not beoause I intended to run uy risk, for I oould not swim, but beoause the strong current had soooped oat a hollow iu the sandy bottom, whioh had six feet of water ou the top of it. Tumbled over by the waves, the oonoentrated agony of the moment when the water closed over my head for the first time cannot be described. It was the bitterest point of the struggle. Cruel and omnipotent force, without warn ing or reason, surrounded me, aud my frutic and determined efforts to escape only inoreased the pent-np passion to cease hold ing my breath and to inhale onoe more. I felt instinctively, as I writhed in the oold, black water, that if onoe I suooumbed to the temptation to expel my breath, whioh almost burst the ribs in my angry efforts to retain it, the end would oome ; that I should be oompelled to breathe inwards while covered with the pressing salt water. At this time I must have given wiay, and the dreaded stream of air-bubbles rose to the surfaoe. A few weeks before I had watched the drown ing of a oat in the clear water of a running stream. The animal was tethered to a stone, and had fought with upturned faoe for liberty. When the bubbles rose in a silver fountain from the earners of Its month, it stood at the bottom swaying in the gentle ourrent, turned over, aud after one final struggle gave up the ghpst. This scene came vividly before me. I thought of this wretched oat, and was half amused to that my case was the case of the oat. There was no fear ; the actual circumstances flUed my attention, ud the piteous longing to escape and the inability of my efforts sud denly beoame subordinated to the feeling of intolerable pain. Eyes, chest, limbs, were all one solid pain. Just then 1 touched the sudy bottom with my fingers ud knee, aad hastily snatched a handful of sud aud water to thrust in my mouth to end struggle tor air. All 1 wanted was to end the pain. No thought of death, exoept as u interesting ud immaterial factor in the situation, oame over me. It is true that i remembered that I should be missed when dinner-time oame ud I was found missing ; and thinking of the home people, I thought of a blue tie I had left on a ohest of drawers in my bedroom, whioh I had intended to put on. Then, suddenly, I found my eye? above water for a seoond, ud I saw two blurred figures near. On this I sank again, and was conscious of relaxing effort ud sinking out of a oonsoious state to one in whioh one dreamed without knowing what the dreams were* From this I awoke in great pain in the centre of a oxowd on the beach, whither my resouer had borne me. My first thought was one of infinite ud unreasoning shame ; but the nausea caused by swallowing so muoh salt water qsiokly brought me baok to earth again. On the second occasion, many yean later, I was swimming at some distance from the shore in the tropics, ud when I turned in a homeward direction 1 found that the oar rent was too strong for me, and that, do what I could, I wae being swept in an easterly direction ; ud as the coast line trended northward, this was equivalent to being taken out to sea. The sense of being onoe mare in the olatoh of u omnipotent ud inexorable force of the sea overwhelmed me with dismay. I remembered with horror all the sensations that had attended my earlier experienoe of drowning, and to apprehension was added the knowledge that there was some, though not a great, danger from sharks. I looked shore wards ud sea wards, and saw to my joy that * small ^ coral islet or rook, a few ieet square, - lay in u easterly direction, and that by husbanding my strength it might be practicable toteacfi it. Alternately swimming and floating, I 1 was overcome by a terrible t atigae, ud as 1 my strength failed I bsoamB cousoious of the fact that' a great disaster was at hud. 1 Almost abandoning hope, I was involun- - tarily interested in contrasting the sensa tions experienced under the shadow of the death that was impending with the feelings under similar circumstances fifteen years before. It suddenly ooourred to me that if I shoHtad with aU my remaining strength the eoond might reach the shore, ud that a oaaoe might be maaned and pat oat for my rescue, ud might reach me in time. Al though I was aot aware of the fact, my cries had' been heard. Half swimming, half drifting with the tide, I had managed to swallow sufficient salt water to produce partial insensibility; bat by soms good fortune, ud almost unoonsoiously, it seems that I managed to reach the oond rook to which reference has been made. Although I felt no pain at the time, the sharp edges of the coral growth severely cut my hands and body, and I was bleeding freely when overtaken by a boat which, without my knowledge, had put out to save me. I sud denly -became oonsoious of the presence of my rescueis, and automatically grasped with a frantic olntch the knife-like edges of the coral fronds, whioh grievously lacerated my fingers. Whether it was the smell of blood or mere accident at the time when I was lilted bom the water into the canoe, a shark was almost tonohing me ; bat the noise ud splashing made by the men in the boat suc cessfully frightened bim away. 1 have no recollection of being lifted into the oanoe, bnt was in a desd faint for some minutes. At no time during this latter experienoe was I conscious of the slightest tendenoy to sur vey my past life, or to deplore the sins ud fa&ingi; whioh I share in oommon with the rest oil humanity. It is a remarkable instance of Shake speare's omtusdenoe that lie refers to the paw of drowning in the celebrated soliloquy of Clarenoe in the play of Biohard III. in a sense totally opposed to the popular don oeption of this mode of death, and la exact agreement with my own experienoe. Bar meilBoSm-iSiaFlwSrirwM V ? Brown) What dreadful nolss'of water in mine ears I What sights of tigly death within mine eyes! '' ? ?' ? . * . : . . . ud often did I strive Ho yield the ghost :. bnt still the envious flood r Stop^d^in my soul, ud would not let it To find the empty, vast, and wandering air : Bnt eaother'd it within my panting bulk, Whioh almost burst to belch it in the sea.' ' — Abnoi!d Whuk'. 