FRA.NCIS CAREW. CHAPTER XLVH. NATURALLY Mabel knew that her lover was brave as a lion. He had told her so himself, though of course Dot in BO many words; and, for that matter, a British soldier is always brave. Besides, he had been through so many perils by eea and land that, what with tigers, Turks, and cannibals, his nerves must long ago have turned to Bteel. And yet, so inconsistent pan a young woman be, she did not think he would have ventured alone, in this desperate way, into Paraon Pengold's sheepfold— no ; not even at her bidding. Sue had an impulse to throw open the window, leap out, and run away—alone. For what, after all, could come of it 1 What had Mr. "Vernon meant by bidding her summon him unless he was to be by ? Ah—but, perhaps, he would be by * perhaps he had been watching for this visit, and would presently appear upon the scene. Perhaps—how had she not thought of it before?—perhaps he was Caleb's great and powerful enemy, who was about to pardon him for her sake, in some dramatic fashion of his own. But, in any case—' Faithful and True,' The door, which the all-too-knowing maid had closed, opened : Mable shrank deeper into the window, instead of coming forward to her lover's arms. But it was not Captain Quickset, this man who stood just within her threshold, with the light from the window full upon him. She was too petrified wilh bewilderment to give the faintest of cries. It was FranciB Carew. Or his ghost: for even in that moment of bewilderment she could see he had changed. Or rather she felt it as a women like her feels everything all at once, from a change of heart to a new fashion of a Bhoe-string. Only, changed or not, it was Francis Carew. ' Mabel,' said he. Yes—it was his living voice, speaking her name. Her agitation might mean anything, from terror to excess of joy. Nor was he the man to observe the finer shades : it was one thing at a time with him. ' I have done what you bade me,' said he—as if she had yesterday bidden him to ride over to Barnstaple for a pair of gloves. 1 1 have been a long time over it But is is done.' How he had once dreamed of this meeting—when the rope of sand should have been fairly woven, and when he ehould come back for his reward He had pictured it as taking place in this very room, where so many wonderful things had happened : and, for once, imagination had not cheated him. It was here. But, for the rest, it might have been anywhere. Where was the joyful welcome on her part—and, alas .' where was the triumph on his own? There was still the distance of the room between them—and more. All else was unchanged. Not a chair had moved from its place": there hung the outlandish weapons on the walls: tiers hung the ivory crucifix over a bowl of flowers that might not have faded for ages, so like the old they were. It should have been like coming home. But the Queen of all these things! He looked at her with all his eyes. Something seemed to have gone out of her—or else out of him. 'I—I am so glad ' she began to stammer. ' Ah ! Then what am I ?' But nobody would have taken them to be overwhelmed with gladness unless he believed his ears rather than his eyes. ' It haB been a long errand, and a hard. There was a time when I thought it would never be done—that I should never see those llowers there, and the old black Steeple, and—and you, again. . . . And—and I'm not so sure that you'll bo so glad to know the end of it all, now„thatyou know—or will know when I've told you. I have learned strango thiDgs indeed. But ycu must not look so frightened : it is good news, too.' Of what was this ghost of a vanished man talking? For, what with one thing and another, the nature of the rope she had given him to weave had faded out of her mind. But, aB it came back, and she saw how browned, and gaunt, and grave, and »ged he had grown, a haze of remorse came over her. What had come of her'whim—or rather of her treachery? For now and then, by stray flashes, our work will show themselves in their true colours, even to ourselves. * I won't touch your hand,' eaid he, ' till I know if you will take mine. It is a long story I have to tell: but, short or long, it comes to the same end—and there'll have to be all sorts of troublo yet: and I'm afraid lawyers' work, maybe. Not that there ought to be much more, by rights, for I've got all the proofs as clear as day. I got on the track in the West Indies : but I've been a month in England clearing up no end of things. I wouldn't come to you with one thing left dark : and I got to Barnstaplo late last night, and here I am : slow as I've been, I haven't lost a moment—I haven't yet been to Horna- combe. Are you ready for me to tell you.my—yourstOTy now? Though, on my word, I scarce know how to begin ; for all that it's so clear.' He seemed to be speaking very coldly and wearily, she thought, remembering, BB she did now, his ardour when his errand was new. Her interest in her oirn history, such as it was, grew dull. The troublesome' country Squire had changed indeed. And it came over her, even then, that she had lost her power. True, she had never prized it when she had it: his veiy slavery to it had made her scorn him while deluding him : but it was not good to find it gone. ' And you mean to say that—that you have been wandering over the world, and—and Heaven knows what else— and all for me, who—oh, a story that has waited all these years will wait an hour—what can I say to you ?' Only, dear Mabel, what you will, and what you can. Nothing, if you pleace. Tou muBt think of that, when you know all. It was in the West Indies,' he began, attacking the middle of things at once: for, though he had learned many things, how to tell a story was not among them. ' We were hiding'in a forest from the blacks, who were worse than savages—hiding for our lives.' j Me did not mean it for a rebuke; but ] she took it for one. She was beginning: to understand what playing with fire. means: how she had mistaken loyalty tor stupidity, and had risked costing a brave man his life for something much worse than a whim. Caleb would never have said ' hiding for our lives.' 'Fighting for them' would have been his word. And yet But Francis was getting under way again. ' But we, I mean myself, and a French doctor and his wife, whom I had visited for news; and—a girl, and a—a man. I shall never get to an end if I stop to tell you who they were, and all. But that man—he was a brave man ; be had risked his life to save me from boiig hanged by the blacks ' Hanged! Oh, how will you ever forgive me for what I have done !' ' Forgive you ? "What for ? But about this man—the Doctor had taken him for a madman, and I hope some kind of a fool. But he was shot by an arrow, poisoned most like; and when he came to, he was aB sane as you or I. When I left the Doctor cafe in London —thank God, for they're good people, he and his wife, though French and queer—he was beginning to write a big book on the balance of mind and matter ; be explained his, idea to me, and it's hard to grasp, but it seems to mean that we can't have our proper senses without a lot of sorrow, and sickness, and pain. Anyhow, this man, as I said, was as sane when he came to as I or you. And a strange story he bad to tell. It was BO strange I couldn't make head or tail of it, much less swallow it, all at once ; but I've been to a London lawyer, and it's true up the hilt, every word—all but one step, and that's easy made. Yes: Cowcumber Jack is heir to all the land in the parish—all but Hornacombe, which is mine. He's the son and heir of Sir Miles Heron himself, as sure as I stand here.' What had all this to do with her ? In truth, she did not care over much how it concerned her, considering all her troubled—troubles so confusedly overwhelming that it would take a dozen pages to count them over. But, though anxious to reach the end of the story, if only that she might gain a momont for thinking, she could not hurry a man who had been nearly hanged by savages for her sake, and who was annihilating her with every eort of shame. No won der he, for his part, failed to entirely recognise the proud beauty who had sent him on a labour of Hercules as the condition of seeing her again. ' So Cowcumber Jack !' she exclaimed. ' That horrible poacher who murdered 'For God's sake, don't say that, Mabel' Don't call him hard names He must not have them from you. 1 always stood up for his innocence against the world ; and I was right, and all the world was wrong. He wae no murderer. But be had seen murder done—seen it while he was waiting tor you and me; and that turned his brain, I believe— for a time; only for a time. I always knew it; and that was why I carried him out of the hangman's jaws—what else could I do ? And it was well I did ; for he repaid me twenty times. Nance Derrick herself thought as you did, till she heard him tell the tale. Aud ' Nance Derrick ?' ' Yes. Didn't I eay she was in the forest, too? She was Madame Carrel'B maid—God bless her; I mean Madumo Carrel.' 'No. You said nothing of Nance Derrick—not a word.' Their eyes met; there must have been something in his way of saying 'Nance,' or, still more, in not having named her till ber name came without any special need, as if it had to bo waited to be spoken too long, tbat suggested another kind of tale. But his eyes met hers without falling. It was hers that fell. ' Yes,' said he, pursuing the subject as if not the investigation of Alalol Opcnshaw's birth, but the vindication of a vagabond's innocence, had been his whole mission. ' He was there in the wood when poor Phil and a smuggling villain, named Trestrail—would I had known it when I first met him'.—came to words about—well, poor Pbil was but a Stoke'Juliot man—about shares in a venture ; and about—about Nance, too There's no doubt about who did the deed, nor about why ; Nance saw it all at the first word. In short it was the old story—woman ; and gold. Ah Mabel; we, who think we know our neighbors, in this quiet p'ace, and all the best and all the worst of them, through and through, juBt know nothingat all. I have seen the world now; and, by Heaven, if I live, I will live here, and not rest till the woods are turned into fields and every grain of sand washod clean. And now fur the end. Mabel ' He was changed indeed ! He had become a man; but it was at a bi| cost. It was not only that he hai said no word of love. It was that she felt the love had died. Dead—and after all that he had been through for the cake of that dead thing ! She had never wanted it: she had soorned it; she had driven it away. But—Bhe sighed. And ' Faithful and True,' dSed! Where were faith and truth if they had loft the heart of Francis Carew ? Ah, but whose fault was it they had flown, even from there ? How could she fail to be touched to the very inmost heart by his service ? Whether he had found her to be Princess or Peasant, what waB it to her now 1 What right had she to care ? If Caleb had never come in her way, it was in her to have said, ' Tell me nothing ; here is my hand, if that will make you any amende.' And she could have put her heart into her hand, now, and given both together. But alas—there was Caleb; if, indeod, there was not somebody besides. Too late, and Might have been. That was'the tune now, instead of Faithful and True. Mabel ' ' Ah! Be has come.' It was a stranger- to Francis who entered unannounced, and with no ceremony beyond die courtesy proper even to a man who is completely at home. ' That is good : that is as it should be. It was my test —to SOB if he would come. Mabel, my child, will you not introduce me to one whom But it is no occasion tor compliments, Sir,' he said to Francis, ^ho stood vexed and awkward. But 'pot. more so than a lover might be whose love passage had been broken: noil there was 'unmistakable approval in the pld gentleman's eyes as he lield out his hand. ' Our introduction must be our common interest in MieB Mabel here. I, of course, am the Mr.. Vernon of whom you have doubtless heard, whose mission is to make the source of true love run smooth. You, Sir, are, I hear, in some trouble; but I do not judge, from your face, it is anything of whioh a gentleman need be ashamed. I assure you that your aspect—pardon me—is a relief to my mind. Meanwhile, it is singular that I do not yet know your name.' Francis could only stare at him hard, and then ask Mabel, ' Who on earth is this ?' with his eyes. • I have not heard of Mr. Vornon,' said he. ' And why you assume I have any special interest in Miss Openehaw, or what it concerns you if I had, I cannot tell. But you seem to wish her well: for which I thank you. As to my name, that is at any man's demand. Francis Carew.'- ' Ay—and the name of as good a fellow Francis, my dear, dear lad,' thundered the Parson, ' I'd have given my best litter, ay, and twenty best of them, to see this day and thee—and it's come! You've broken gaol ? Ay—a Stoke Juliot lad's a slippery eel to hold : and we know craft —eh?—that'll puzzle any frigate of them all. . . . Tamzin —no, 1 forgot—Biddy—a gallon of ale !' Francis was a strong man : but a grasp of the Parson's list would have made SampBon groan. This was true welcome, with heart in it, and its vory uncouthnesb made the tears start from his heart and wellnigh mount to his eyes. The barrier between him and Mabel had turned to harder ice—his work, though he had won through it, had failed. There was nobody waiting for him but a housekeeper with whom he was resolved upon a parting quarrel, and a big black rock, and a house without a home. He had neither kin nor friend. He had been through so much, and had come back to find so little. If it had not been for Parson Pengold, he would have borne all the coldness and the strangeness; but—he turned away, and one sob would come. ' Never mind Old Pigtail—Vernon, I mead,' cried the Parson. ' Stand up and let mo see thee, after frogs and verjuice for all this while—ah, you look as if beef wns the physic you wanted.— Biddy! Roast those ribs this very minuie : and let Sunday shift for itself as it may.—How did you get away from the Frenchman ? I hnpe you didn't show them nothiog but ycur heels ?' ' Why—how do you know I've been among the French ?' asked Francis. ' I have, though, sure onough.; and it's sheer luck, if luck it be, that I'm not there now. But tbey got sick of slaughtering; their new black general took to transporting all the whites he caught—as if anybody with a white skin would want to stay. And ' —he caught a look from Mabel that reminded bim of his promised silence ' that's about all, you see.' 1 All ? Do you mean they'vo set up a black general ? No, my lad : I don't see. But alHn good time. Tbe thing of things is, Bere you are. And now, Mr. Vernon,' he said, with an air of solemn triumph, ' I have the pleasuro— I will Bay the honour—to bid you, as a friend of the bride, to a marriage I propose to celebrate this, day three weeks, between Francis Carew, of Hornacombe, Bachelor, and Mabel Openebaw, Spint-ter, boih of this parish. And if anybody knows any just cause or impediment, lot bim hold his tongue. For none there is ; and if there were, down it ehould go.' He threw tbo look of defiauc», inspired by his triumph over Old Pigtail, round tbe room. Air. Veroon to k full time to answer it; be waited until he ssw that Francis was on llie point of speaking, and tlion intervened. ' This is a family council,' said ho ' And, in such cases, truth before courtesy—yes, truth beforo tbem all,' he added with a special glance at Parson Pengold. 'And if my landlord, Mr. Carew, is the man he looks like, ho will agree with jne. It will be my duty to forbid the banns. Mabel, come here, and stand by me, while I stand by you.' ' And, Francis,'' cried tbo Parson, ' come you liere, and stand up for yourself. Sir, I don't know who you are; but this I do know, that whatever are your concerns, you had best keep to tbem. I am the Parson of this Parish, and the Master of this House : and— but that's naught to you or any man. Mr. Carew, will you take this girl to wife—Ay or No ?' ' If she will have me—Ay,' said Francis. ' But ' '"If" and "But"! Is that like a lover ?' roared the Parson, lashing himself into a storm. ' You've said Ay— that's enough for any man. Mabel, there stands your promised husband. Will you take him—Yea or Nay ?' How the heart of Francis would once have trembled at what her answer would be ! And, truth to tell, it trembled now. But even Orid might have told the Parson that a Maiden's yea or nay does not so lightly come, even when there are fewer than threo pairs of ears to hear. 'Wait,' said Mr. Vernon. He did not lose a whit of temper. The Parson's wrath no more beat him down than a winter storm matters to Oxhorn. ' My child, is it true that you have given your heart to another man? Come, speak without fear " Faithful and true."' How would she have answered it if she had been alone ? But how eould she deny Caleb with the eyes of her whole world upon her—after she had bidden him come to claim her ? She could not whisper a ' No,' even to her own heart, for very pride and shame. There was nothing for it but, if not truth, then courage. Yes,' said she; but loud enough to be heard. ' There,' said Mr. Vernon. ' Mr. Carew—you are a. gentleman : I need say no more—except that " There are more women in the world than one—" ' And one's too many!' broke in Parson Pongold. ' Given her heart— given her fiddlestick, she means.' I know the scamp she means: the featherbed soldier to whopi I gave a kicking a week ago. Francis—I've the ill-luck to be a parson. Oblige ine by showing this impertinent old meddler the - door. Mr. yernbn, if that's your name, what business have you to be putting yonr noBe into Mabel Openehaw's business—and mine ?' 'If you aBk for a warrant,' said Old Pigtail with an exasperating smile, ' the help of true love is warrant enough for any man ; but—well, I happen to be more to this young lady than any other man living—at least, yet awhile. I happen to be her Father, Sir.' ' Her father!' thundered the Parson, fairly carried away with indignant acorn. ' Because you have flirted with her in your fatherly way, for a few months or BO ? Mabel, leave that fellow's side, and come here. Great Heaven 1 AB if you were not my daughter—mine, a million times. I've seen how that stranger there has been coming over you with his soft ways—Heaven knows why—and—and—it's been a misery to me: and I haven't said it, because I didn't know how. But I know now ! Who took you, whin you were a little baby, from the sea? Who kept you from death, and lias done his best to beep you from sorrow and ill ? Who got to care for you till he felt there was something to live for and to hold to — ay, even in Stoke Juliot here, where, else, souls get starved ? Who else has —but never mind what more I've done : though if's been more than, for aught less, an honest man, not being a farmer, would do. Is it one of your own kin ? No; it has beeu just Jordan Pengold, from whom you'd turn at the first sight of a red coat, and the fitst glimpBe of a white hand. Have I been a fool ? Then I'll be one no more. I'll get on some how—never fear. . . . Mabel : don't ihink of lovers. I'.'a a question of furthers now. .... And that's more : and that's all. . . . Mabel: choose between that stranger there and me.' It was not tbe poor parson's rough words, but the heart in every one of them, that went to her soul. Why bad he never spoken to her like this before ? But Mr. Vornon again broke in. ' Parson,' said he, ' it is hard upon you. I never thought how hard until now. You make me almost wish—no ; not that—but- 1 -but—I've been a poor sort of a father, I own, cumparcd wiih you Only ' ' Only what, man ?' ' Only'—Old Pigtail gavo tlio Parson a long look from eye to eye—' only that —I am Miles Heron.' Miles Heron—the widower of the poor drowned actress; the father who had courted Mabel for hi9 daughter instead of claiming ber offhand, so that he might rob the Parson by no unfair means. Mabel needed not the remainder of Francis Catew's broken tale, nor the Parson's plea of guilty to his loving lie, in order to feol tbat her heart had told her true, and tbat, however he was named, this stranger was in fact the very father she hod wished he could have boen. A glance at the faces round hor told hor enough—the wits her father bad quickoned told ber more. 'I knew it!' said she —the only eoul there too glad to be amazed. ' I wonder if you have wantod me as I have wanted you Let us go : lot me have done with all this horrid n nsense of loving and marrying : lot me begin to be a womao iustoad of a fool'.' Ho answered with a smile. ' Cannot one be both ?' asked he. ' And my turn .must come to hear another 'Let me go. . . .' But meanwhile ' ' Never!' exclaimed she. Her father smiled ngain—both tenderly and sadly. But to Francis that woman's ' Never' told how lost must havo been love's labour, even if the aecrr-t of her life had not revealed itself wi'hout his scouring laud and sea. And to the poor Parson, what did it all mean ? A lie told in vain. If people only know—bow t!:oy would leave things alone! And so would Biddy, if sho had known. But tbat stupid girl, of whom Tamzin hud always, in point, of brains, boen worth leu, burst in at the door, and had whimpered ' Mies Mabel—Miss Mabrl : 'tis tbo Captain,' befiro she could add to her idiocy by crying out, ' Oh Lord, Miss - I thought you was all alone—the apple-cart is turned over, now!' Sir Miles Heron was master, nay Emperor, of the situation ' All the bettor—he has come, then. A cap'ain, eh ? None the worse for tbat—though thero are Captains and Captains Biddy, my girl, bring him in.' But tbe Captain was at Biddy's lioels, sharing hor bolief—it need scarce be said—that Mabel was alonp. And such silence had followed upon ' I am. Miles Beron' that tlioio were no souud to undeceive him._ So ho entered boldly-Sir Miles advancing to meet his futuro son-in-law. The two mon met fauo to face between tbe bowl of flowers and tbo do'-r. For a full moment thus they stood. Then Captain Quit- bet, after ot.e wild look round him, from Sir Miles to Mabol, from Mabel to the Parson, from the Parson to Francis, and back from Francis to Sir Miles, Jost impudenco for the first time since ho had been born. He just slunk away. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 