THEATRICAL NOTES. - (BY PLAYGOER.) On Tuesday last Messrs. Jones and Lawrence gave their artistes a trip down the river, and there are few people who enter into such enjoyment with more enthusiastic and playful delight than the jovial, genial-hearted, professionals. A picnic with them is a visit of the Moenads to Silenus. at a time when all the world was innocent. Therefore, on Tuesday night, cold as it was, when the enormous crowd wit- nessed the entertainment at the Cre- morne Gardens there was an air of pleasant levity and general content, and perhaps now and then a sense of tired- ness pervading the stage, and the picnic may have been responsible for the omission of one expected item on the programme. But all eyes were spark- ling and all lips smiling. The two " K's " were very amusing, and equally as clever in their sketch of the tramps who had alighted on a stray bicycle and were determined to annex it for practice purposes. From repeated laughable falls, in which heads, limbs, and wheels seemed often inextricably and dangerously mixed, they advanced to feats of balancing, agility, and dar- ing, which made the audience marvel at the possibilities of human ingenuity and skill. They appeared to be able to make the machine do anything, and I should scarcely have been astonished if they had run it up the side-wings or over the people's heads. They are equally at home on the big wheel "cycle" and the common variety of "bike." The Tylers' Japanese Act is another wonderful performance. To whom the greater credit for skill in balancing is due is a difficult question for an onlooker to decide. But lad and man must be equally dexterous, for the slightest fault in either might he attended with serious consequences. The spectators always behold the performance with bated breath. Bob Bell is still the king of the Garden comedians. His make-up and rendering of a skit on the "Wide Wide World" adventurer, Louis de Rougemont, were inimitable, and the audience would have kept him singing till now if he had been a consenting party. He made up as a sort of combination of all the savages on the globe. Mr. Frank Morris is a descriptive singer who makes considerable use of his arms, and attitudinises fairly well. He was vociferously encored for "Those Bells Shall Not Ring Out," in which he told, or rather sang, and partially acted, a tragic story about love, murder and suicide, marriage bells and eternity. It must have happened in a land of no divorce laws. Mr. Morris responded to the encore with the " Troop Ship." He has a powerful and pleasing voice, and his singing thoroughly met the popular taste. The "double" of John Tudor and Violet Leroy was provocative of much mirth. They literally "doubled" themselves as "Maudie and Granny, and Tommy and Danny;" and it. was hard to tell where Maudie ended and Granny began. Miss Ada Baker and Mr. C.R. Jones rendered the charming duet "Life's Dream is O'er," not so well, perhaps, as I have heard them previously, but still in such a way as to be delightful. In the first part Miss Ada Baker sang with great effect "The Old Brass Locket," and in response to an encore gave the patriotic song "That's How We Made Our Name." The singing of "Romany Lass" by Mr. C. R. Jones was a little too slow for my taste, but the sweetness of Mr. Jones' voice made up for this deficiency. Miss Ettie Williams as the "Spanish Signora" looked very pretty, and she sang and danced as prettily. She was equally good in "Soldier Ma." Will Williams - no relation - had no respite until he had given the audience the perennial "gutter minstrel." The Lingard Sisters gave a very pretty and clever dance and a little bit of "comic" under the title "Wrapped Up in the Evening News." In the second part they pleased everybody with "When the Golden Sun Goes Down." The humorously comic couple. Cowan and Carney, evoked roars Of laughter by their burlesque "That's How We Saved Our Lives." These two comedians never fail to amuse in their humorous sketches, and whilst they undoubtedly make themselves ridiculous they always know where to stop. This is saying a great deal for them. The "Box Mystery" concluded the first part of the. programme, and the farce, thick with the ridiculously funny "Hurrah for Casey," ended a perform- ance worth anybody's florin to witness. Last night there was a complete change of programme. The Christmas shows are all over, and the decease of the pantos is causing a longing sorrow in the breasts of those who have done their little strut on the stage but have had no part in the trea- sury. To work for weeks requires cash as well as vanity, and when the ghost won't walk it is no wonder that Hamlet goes mad. Hope is scarcely sufficient to build on where responsibilities are incurred, and managers are decidedly culpable when they engage the services of others without reasonable' prospects of being able to pay for them. In some cases, to my knowledge, the workers are very poor, and their necessities take away their independence, so that they are compelled to work on and suffer only to be plunged into deeper poverty in the end. The managers will shift the blame on the public, but the public never undertook the responsibility of seeing that every member of every com- pany was paid. The responsibility rests with those who contract the debt. The entertainment to be given by the elocutionary pupils of Mr. Thos. Walker is to take place on Thursday 2nd Feb- ruary, in the Bohemia Hall. Among the pieces to be produced is a farce called "How the Children Played Ham- let," by Mr. Walker, and some very pretty gesture exercises.. "An Attrac- tive Young Lady" is also on the bill, . and besides a number of recitations there are to be numerous musical items by pupils of Madame Buck, members of the Fremantle Apollo Club and other friends, and the little Misses Bollard will introduce some fancy dancing. Since "Dante's success in the Sydney Palace Theatre, the public apathy with respect to it seems to have broken down. There can be no question but that luck and "organic whims," by which I mean the unaccountable preference made by the public first for this place and then for that - have a lot to do with theatrical success. Some years ago the Sydney Opera House was fashionable and popular. Now it is even shunned by amateur companies. The Sydney Royal has had recurrent periods of triumph and desertion. Her Majesty's has been in the same list. So has the Criterion. There have been times when the best show in the world would not draw expenses there. Now "Robbery Under Arms," played by the Alfred Dampier Dramatic Company, has crowded the place for a fourth of the year. The Palace Theatre is one of the prettiest theatres in the Colonies, and yet before Dante occupied it, it was a a 'white elephant.' The present occupants, the Jubilee singers, with their "quaint darkey music of old Kentucky," and they have been doing so well that they appear to have settled down for a stay. Mr. Boyle, the popular baritone, who has so often given his services for chari- table purposes, is to have a benefit tendered to him very shortly. It will take placed at St. George's Hall and some of the best musical talent in Perth is to contribute to the harmony. Wilson Barrett and Hall Caine are still at legal loggerheads. Wilson Bar- rett affirms that he has Hall Caine's authority for a dramatic version of "The Christian," whilst Hall Caine emphatically denies this. Mr. Wilson Barrett submitted a verson of the work to "The Firm" in these Colonies, but "The Firm" declined to accept it as sub- mitted, and suggested that Mr. Barrett should alter it, and put it into playable shape. For this purposes he alleges that he obtained the permission of the author and he went to work accordingly. Now the authority is emphatically denied and legal steps have been taken on both sides to let the public know who is in the right. It is curious that this fight should be over "The Christian," and that the two combatants should be re- spective champions in literature of primitive and modem Christianity. It seems inevitable that where the "Christian" is brought in, quarrels must ensue. The clergy, perhaps, may be called upon to arbitrate, where they have so much at stake, and where the history and principles of their faith are so much involved. Here is Miss Ellen Terry's opinion of the essentials of a good actor or acttress :- "First, a good heart. I don't believe anyone can act well unless they have a good heart. The best players are those who best understand and sympathise with their fellows. 'Madame Sarah' is a greathearted woman. Three other qualities are necessary before the art of emotion can make itself felt, and these are Imagina- tion, Individuality, and Industry. Imagination will give the insight re- quired to make an actor one with the character he is assuming; individuality, if sufficiently developed, will enable him to hold any audience; and industry well, without this no one ever became an artist on the stage or in the studio. I don't mean to say that beauty is not an immense aid to an actress in a suc- cessful theatrical career. Still, you can get on without beauty, but it is im- possible for an actress to achieve any distinction without Imagination, Indi- viduality, and Industry. After all, so far as the stage is concerned, beauty has not much more power than to win a favorable criticism. It can attract people - it can make them, perhaps, come once again - but it cannot make them stay. Have you, then, these three I's - Imagination, Industry, and Indi- viduality?" "Carmen" has been much improved since its first production at the Sydney Lyceum . . . "When London Sleeps" was still being played at the Sydney Theatre Royal, when the last mail left . . . "Madame Sans-Géne," though so excellent a production, is scarcely succeeding as it deserves at the Melbourne Bijou. Perhaps it is the name that frightens the public away . . . "The Geisha" is making bullion for the firm at the Melbourne Princess . . . At the Melbourne Royal the genial Bland Holt is still staging "New Babylon." In it a prize bull "value 700 guineas is paraded behind the footlights" . . . "The Strategist" was the latest Bill of Fare at Sydney Alhambra. When the Opera House is pulled down in Melbourne Rickards will move his company to the Bijou, and the Broughs will move to the Princess. . . . The success of " Robbery Under Arms" played by the Alfred Dampier Dramatic Company, at the Sydney Criterion has been phenomenal. . . . Messrs. MacMahon are making prepara- tions to send out their Dramatic Co. on an extended tour. . . . Harry Ric- kards "Bondi" combination is doing splendid business in Maoriland. . . . . . . The "Firm" has promised the Australian public the production of "The Christian," the "Secret Service" by William Gillette and a new Maori Opera by J. C. Williamson and Leon Caron, during the year. . . . Mr. Martyn Hagan is conducting negotiations with Mr. Alfred Dampier, Geo. Rignolds and the " Geisha " Company with a view to bringing them out to the West. . . . . Maggie Moore and her talented Company did exceptionally well at the Victoria Theatre, Newcastle, N.S.W. They have since visited Hobart and opened in Dunedin in accordance with the proposed plan of touring through New Zealand, Honolulu, America and thence to London. . . . The Flying Jordans are shortly to return to Sydney. . . . Bland Holt was still running "New Babylon" at latest advices. . . . . Fitzgerald Bros. Circus is holding its own in Melbourne. . . . Madame Patti will be married again, for the third time, at no distant date. 