PATRIOTS OF THE PAST. ? : ? «, ? -—^. NO. H. OR. BLAND. A. fibmanlic Career — A Question of ''Honor'— A Duel to the DeathKJon vlotlon for Manslaughter— Seven Tears to Botany Bay— An Im mediate Free Parion — An Eloquent Voice and Power ful Pen-Libels Governor MaccLUaris-And Does Twelve Months — A Hustings Scrimmage —A Clerical Scan dal - A Poor Patriot. Generosity of the Legislature. 0 /-R. Bland was the son of an eminent 1 London physician and was born in the e Metropolis of the World on Guy Fawkos v Day (Nov. 5), 1789. Ho was educated at a ^ guild Boliool— Merchant Tailo»s— and when ' barely out of his teens was admitted a b Member of the Royal College of Surgeons. i At2i years at ago Dr. Bland received an appointment in the Royal Navy, the vessel 1 in tvaifrh lie held his commission being 3 ordered for serrico to Bombay. On tlio r voyage an incident occurred which changed t the whole trend of tho j-oung surgeon's life. In the early part of the voyage a misundcr 5 standing arose between the purser and Dr. Bland. An arrangement was arrived at | tint at the first land a duel should settle the ! trouble. Unfortunately, unlike French i duels of to-day, mars trouble ensued : at the first fire ilio purser fell dead. The officer— Lifculcnant Raudell — who acted as second for the unfortunate pnrsjr, imputed unFair ness to ))r. Bland, and that gontleman having high ideas of what in the early part ot this century was known as 'honor,' called upon tho lieutenant to support, his assertion with a shot. In the second duel no damage was done, but Dr. Bland was trio! at Caicutti anil sentenced to seven years' transportation to 'Botany Bay.' Tile punishment was not a long one, as seven months after arrival in Sydney a free pardon direct from England was presented liini, he immediately commencing the prac tice of his profession From his earliest hoiir df 'freedom,' he distinguished him self by fearlessly denouncing the misdeeds of government officials. His tongue and pen were used with scathing effect. He thereby incurred the uBual amount of ani mosity, hut nothing could stifle his eloquent voice or powerful pen, until he fell foul of Governor Macquario. For a libel on that rugged Scotsman Dr. Bland was sentenced to 12 months imprisonment in Parramatta Gaol and ordered to pay a fine of £50. He paid the money and apsnt every day of the sen tence fn gaol. When Governor Gippo established the first partially elective Legislative Council/ Dr. Bland and W. C. Wentworth were re turned for the City of Sydney. The election proceedings were very rough, the doctor ueing mash injured in a free fight on the hustings. In 1848, when Wentworth and Bland were again candidates, Ihe former alluded to his friend in these terms : — 'But whatever they thought proper to do with liim let him charge them never to forget their tried* their devoted, their indefatig able friend Dr. Bland, no man ever served his conntry in a purer spirit of patriotism than he had, no man more deeply deserved the gratitude of a generous people. They might by their votes cause it to bo written on ths tomb of his friend and himself, ' Here lie the rejected of Sydney,' but he would Venture to predict that posterity would, in juxtaposition to this epitaph, add these words— 'Who gave those who rejected them the liberty of the press, trial by jury, end the constitutional right of electing their own representative. Under the now constitution Dr. Bland held a seat in the Legislative Council, which lie retained until the unsettled state of his pecuniary affairs necessitatedhis resignation. This trouble arose from the old man's generosity. The old house in Fitt-street, with its Wood red lamp, ia a memory still retained by many old Sydneyites. No one in distress ever left his door without re lief and comfort. His hand was always in his pocket, but his tongue was silent as to liis benevolence. Db. BLAND. Dr. Bland died at his residence, Collele etreet, Hyde Park, July 21, 1868, in his eightieth year. On the 23rd his remains were conveyed to St. James' Church, King etreet, where the Bishop of Sydney, Dr. Barker, officiated. From the old church, the body was borne to the new mortuary receiving house in Regent-street, opened for the first time to receive the remains. From there they were taken to Haslam's Creek, better known now as Rookwood, attended liy numbers of the Ministry (Jatnes Martin's), members of Parliament, and more old colonists than hod ever before gathered at such a melancholy ceremony. Even the death of Buch a popular man ?was not allowed to pass without the usual Blander of the time. It will be remembered that the year 1868 was that in which the lunatic 0 Farrell shot at and wounded the Duke of Edinburgh ; the year in which Henry Parkes raised his Fenian.scare, the memorable year of the Kiama ghost. One newspaper alluded to Dr. Bland'a last illness thus: — 'We regret tossy that lines his death a slanderous rumor. :WasAirpula-t«d that in his last momenta Df. Bland- had joined the Roman Catholic Church ; this statement has since been disproved on the most positive authority, and its authors justly held up to public contempt/' .The newspaper inquestionwas edited by a clergy man of theChuroh of England. In tho next issue there appeared a letter, denouncing the editor for his 'untniB statement, adding, ' Dr. Bland, of his own free wilL sent another highly respectable medical gentleman for the Most Hevorend the Arch bishop of Sydnoy (Dr. Poldlng) and at tho fame tiiso he sent for Archdeacon McEncroa and .Reverend Dr. Forrest, of Saint John's College, they repaired to his residence. Conditional baptism was administered to him, he made a short profession of the Catholic Faith, and the last Sacraments ad ministered to dying Catholics were imparted to him in the presence of others as well as the three ecclesiastics just name:}. The Archbishop visited at a later hour, and prayed with him and for him.' The clerical editor, in a footno'o, honestly wrote: — 'We admit we were wrong in using the word 'slandering,' and should have used the word ' unfounded. ' Our cor respondent's letter does not give proofs or references to anyone who was present at any of the ordinances to 'which lie alludes. This, wo think, he ought to have done if his aim was to settle a point which has caused so much comment.' Like most true patriots Dr. Bland died poor. The fact that a public benefactor required assistance, was accepted by the Legislature as an opportunity to reward past services, and for some years a sum of money w.is annually voted in recognition of Dr. Bland's great services to the colony. The only memorial which is visible of Dr. Bland is his name in gilded letters in the vestibule of the Legislative Assembly Chamber, where are inscribed other names which will always be kept on record iu the history of the colony. 