&?? '?? ^ THE STORYTELLER. Si4'? BITTER PENITENCE; ^. ? 'CIIAPTEli XIII.— (Continued.) ^1; T-.; ? Norah would bare remoiifctrated, begging ;..' j; ..liicij'hot to faco the wild wot might, but that ?'?'£,; :''ey€!n whilo she spoko Uua had snatched up a ,;^; ; largo shawl nnd, throwing it over her head r.;'f' ? £ii'd shoulders, was goce. . ! Half frightened, the girl ran out of the room after her, intending to beg her to como back ; but bo rapid had been Una's \- movements mar, on reacning tne corridor, Norah fpund it empty. Obeying her first 'impulse, she ran to the lofty window that tfigJited the. passage arid looked out eagerly. ** 'JPorBoveral minutes she stood there, strain ) -r .'iDg her eyes ; but no sign of Una could she -. fii v»ee, althbu'gh the white shawl would have' .t'~ jendereii her a conspicuous object. Perhaps * she had- not 'gone out after all, the girl' thought, relieved, and was turning away, when Bomething below attracted her atten tion. Very faint, very indistinct and shad owy, but surely, beyond the sweep of gravel which divided the neglected terrace gardens from the park, there was a figure creeping away among the thick trees ? And it was not Una. No — the' figure wbb that , ;-, of a man ; and Norah drew back from the window suddenly, a shiver running through \- ~ . her as she realised who it must be. Surely there was but one man. who would thus . t wander in the park at Xilchenora at such an hour, and that man was Desmond of .Fint ragh ! v The girl went back to the nursery and . . .v; douched down by the blazing.fire, feeling ,'''''''? cold still. Molly' elept on. Nbrah's own eyelids presently began to droop drowsily ; in another moment she would have slept as she knelt, so fatigued was she from grief and watching, when shB heard outside the door a nojse that caused here to spring swiftly to ber feet as Una, her drees dis- j ordered, the shawl gone from her head, and . her hair streaming wildly, rushed into the tooin. ?'-' In her whole attitude an expression, in \- - ?, her deathly-white faco and dilated eyes, in ~w ~ ,. „ the clutch of her icy bands upeu tho' girl's .*« ,-,o Bhoulders, there were u horror and terror ' - such as words could not describe. She tried »~to speak, but no word b came from bcr trem ... 'bliDglips. . She uttered a tstifkd, inarticulate — / moaning cry, and fell upon her knees,' grasp- \- ing. the girl's bands and hiding her shudder ing face upon them. 1 Una I' Norab cried, recovering from her own momentary fear, and bending over her. St&i; \- r « What is it ? What has frightened you ? Tell me what it is !' 1 A ghost, Norah — a ghost !' She-gasped out the words, and raised her terrified face, ..'.'-.nhcr big brilliant eyes staring 'wildly. 'A ?-, v ghost, Norah— I have seen a ghost 1' 1 No, no P Norah resolutely repressed '. .-the superstitious Bhivor that ran through her —she even tried to smile. ' Dear Una, you aro upset, nervous, over-tired. You aro fanciful, and you have fancied it. Some shadow deceived you,' she. said soothingly — * ^ * ' nothing more, I am Biire. Ghosts belong only to Moya's fairy tales. What did you think that you saw ?' -'._?' ' Listen, Norah,' Una said, still crouching upon the floor and holdiDgihe girl's hands. 'I went to the glade where the grave - is — you know it, you have ssen it once. Some thing dragged me through the wind and rain; there was a voice that called nie. Therev was a hand on mine, 1 tell you, and it drew ? * mo whither it would. I could not turn back ; there were demons ip the B'.oroi, and they drove me en ! They drove me on i ill I stood close by if, till I saw tbe glraniof the water bejond; aud there, Norali — their, close \- beside it, looking dor.n nt ityl saw him standing— a ghost bende his own open __ grave !' ' - , A cry of terror rang oat through U-e ' room as Una lell upon il e floor insensible. RuBtorativeB were orouglit and applied, but it wbb long before Bbe rccdycred from ber ' , ' / BWoon and opened her eye?. Even then she refused, by peremptory Icok and gesture ' ; r ''rather than by wordp, to be taken to her own ^.v.^ , room, eo eho was lolt lying upon the couch, *iLij;/ where Bhe fell into a real or simulated sleep. Little Molly slumbered still,- and Moya was sitting watching her. Norah, kuowing that ehe would not be missed or wanted for a few monents, stole softly out of the room and down into the hall. '' v Sho bad hoped that Bbe might find Ked tnond there, but glancing round, she saw that the hall was pmpty. Probably he was with Sir Amyrald, sho thought, and Bhe hes itated to disturb him. The appearance from . .' the paBeage leading to the kitchen of the' ? tall. gaunt form , of tho housekeeper Ellen was quite a relief to her. ' Can jou tell me where Mr. Redmond ia ???' she asked* 1 With Sir Amyrald, miss,' responded Ellen shortly. 1 Then 4 if you are going to Sir Atnyrald's room, will you say * that I with to speak . ^t-? him for a moment ? It is important.' Ellen signified that sho would do so, and opening the gmvt door, stalked towards Sir Amyrald's apartments. A momont later , ' the door opened again, and Redmond entered . ., . the hall. 1 What is it ? ' ho asked, taking Norah's . - , hand and holding it, 'Is anything the matter? Is Molly worse ?' ' No,' Norah faltered ; ' it' isn't Molly. t \t But I nin puzzled about something — troubled about iU— and 1 thought- I ought to tell you,' '? It ie something serious, I see,' ho said* gravely, looking at her intently. ' What troubles you ?' '?This. Is there any reason why Una should bo frightened at — — V She broke off. \- 'Should bo frightened at whom — at what?' ? Afraid of Desmond of Fintragh ?' ' Why do you ask that ? What do you mean ?'?'? Redmond asked the questions, hurriedly, and his grasp tightened upon the girl's hand. ? ' She. went out into the park about an hour ago,' Norah faltered, ' and, when I looked but of the window a few inonyents ?i afterward?, I am quite sure that I saw that * man Desmond of Pintragh stealing away among the treeB.' 'Very likely. What of it? Die? Una meet him ?' '.Ldon't know — I can't undorstand.it. In ^ a little while she caine flying in terrified ;- . crying out chat she had seen a ghost '?' 'A ghost?1' '.'Yes ; she seemed to have 'been, -down in the water in the park, and there; zihe cried out that Bhe had seen a ghost' lauding — a ghost beside his own grave !' (To bo continued.}. 