EVELEEN REDGREAVE. CHAPTER XX.—(Continued.) "No, not at first, although afterwards, as if to punish me for presumption, I bad ample cause to shake ill my shoes, I assure you," replied the earl, gravely. " What! you saw a procession of the phantom' Abeucerrages, I suppose ?" "Not exactly that—but I caught a ghost!" was the earl's reply. " In a trap, too, I hope," rejoined the colonel, who was by no means pleased to see a new candidate for the honours of declamation start up so quietly, and take tie lead of him. . "Just so—in a trap, as you say," answered I/ord Landore as gravely as before. " You jest!" exclaimed Miss Hetberingtoni. " If you wish, I will relate my adventure, and then you may judge whether it would be possible for me to jest on so serious a subject," he answered. " Let us hear it, by all means," she said. " Old Gomez," he began. " had a sister still older than himself, who lived with, him, and who was a cheerful little old crone enough wbile slie continued well and was able to run about; but she fell ill, and was just beginning to crawl about again when I took up my quarters with her brother. Her principal nurse and attendant was her daughter Mariana, who had been brought home from a situation in Grenada, where she was a worker in gold fringe, to attend upon her mother ; and her dearest friend was a certain Lenora Branchetta Caproli, who kept a •wine store in the town of the fortress, and was considered to be both wealthy and charitable, and who, moreover, rejoiced iu the possession of an only son. This son, whose name was Pedrillo, was not above five feet three or four inches in height, and save that he squinted deplorably, and was sadly bowed in the lower extremities, was a smart, dapper little personr age enough. His qualities were all excellent, and his taste was unexceptionable, for he fell deeply in love with the pretty Mariana at first sight; and I was the last to wonder at his doing so, for I had a vast deal of trouble to prevent myself from doing the selfsame thing. However, I conquered my incipient propensities, but the poor fellow was not so fortunate. To be sure, our positions were different, for he wanted a wife, and I did not; so that while I only aspired to become Mariana's companion for an evening stroll, lie was ambitous enough to desire to become lier partner for life. " I saw from, the first that Pedrillo was as distasteful to Mariana as he "was welcome to her mother and uncle, who overwhelmed her and themselves with congratulations on (her important conquest, audi privately commanded; 'her to make the most of it while she could. In fact, 'her energetic admirer left Iher little time for deliberation, as lie was constantly at iher side; and, if delicately-flavoured •wine couldi have wou her heart, it must have beera his, so incessant were the offerings of it which lie made at (her shrine. But it failed to propitiate (her—failed utterly: ai'thcugb her •uncle, who drank of it liberally, became still more the friend of its generous giver, and) lectured 'her daily on Iher good fortune, and on the necessity of taking adlvautage of it without loss of time. ' Yon will live in paradise,' 'he said, ' with such a. husband, and sucOx a wine-cellar at your comtnaud'.' 'But the lecturer and the wine-giver both faiiled>—I saw that. "I could not, with all my efforts (and 1 assure you I went very artistically .to Ttork), gain 'her confidence, or tempt her to tell me the truth. She blushed, andi sighedi, and wept when I questioned Iher ; but although she lost her spirits, 'lier flesh, and her colour, her secret, if she ihad' ewe remained hermetically sealed within lier lips—and exquisitely pretty lips tlioy were, too. She feared 1 'her mother's tongue and !ier uncle's temper: but why sbmn'.d she fear me seemed incomprehensible. Doubtless I gave lier some good ttiouglv unpalataible advice in the fli«t instance—told her that a little husband was better than noiic—that, as Moore sung of himself— ' Although I la body am sfmall. In soul I am forty feet liigh,' ; might be as applicable to a &jmnis;)i publican as to an Irish poet—and. finally, that as marriage was only a lottery at the best, it might bo as well for her, like Mrs. Malaprop, ' to begin with a little aversion ^siijtse. ithe reaction, if ever it came, would be tern times more agreeable than if she opened the drama with a vloleat lore scene, and let the curtain drop in «ie •last act with one full of evil passions and' mournful results. "'My good counsel, 'however, was thrown away upon her, and only made her retreat into herself, like cue of the flowers in her own gardjjn which folded up its petals when the evening air touched them. She looked upon me as being in her uncle's interests, and, therefore, mot in liers : and seemed to think that, because ray sympathies were not. altogether and unconditionally on her side, they could not Ix 1 worth engaging at all. " Things went on ton this way for some time—the dievoted lover becoming every d'ay more profuse in his presents and pressing in suit, aud the object of his adoration losing her appetite, and shrinkiinig into the shadow of what she had been when I first, saw her. At Cast a buzz—a rumour—a mysterious whisper, began to be heardi—(although it was uncertain, shadowy, and' uncertified! in the beginning), that strange and unwonted noises had been heard iu the more distant and desolate chambers of the old palace ; and., still more awful, that, a strange. M-oorisli figure, armed cap-a-pie, had' been seen Walking by moonlight among the rose •Iwrd'ers, hanging over the waters of dilapidated fountains, and stalking with noiseless solemnity through the Hall of the Lions, aud up the fonlornlooking staircase that led to the faded apartments which 'had so often witnessed the revels of Moorish kings and Spanish princes, but which were now as silent and gloomy as the grave. Gomez, the custodier, laughed at. these idle fancies ; he had kept watch and ward in the fortress for thirty years, and' lie fearlessly averred that anything worse-ftr more unearthly than himself hadi never been seen in it duriufe' allHliat time. His sister was iu'&edulO;'Us,, but Manama was by n» riiearia.so sceptical. A young girl, .Tanetta. tWi'o Was a sort, of maid-of-allwork, and^vho was full of life, spirits, andi e&fyue;'try, was the first, it seemed, wb&v;&uiNgggP; • ffef spectre, aud spread the repoftt'J fcU'tj^T observed with some curiosity;-tliaf although both she and Mariana professed great horror at the idea of meeting the ghost, still that their apprehensions did not prevent them 1 from 1 wandering about the haunted places as fearlessly as ever. " Matters at length assumed a very serious and alarming aspect indeed'; one evening Pedirillo, the lover, wlio had arrived Hater than usual, and had been sent by Gomez to hunt for Mariana in the gardens, suddenly tottered into our presence covered with blood, and as pale as a sheet. In a moment everyone was iu the utmost conster,nation"; his mother, Who was sipping her chocolate, let the cup fall, and rushed' to support him : Gomez started up and seized his musket, and' his sister called to Mariana—who had just glided into the room, followed by Jauetta—to bring with lier a cup of wine, lest she should die of the fright. To my credit, be it spoken, I was the most composed' of the group ; I asked the wounded man where he was hurl, and then questioned him as to the cause— '•' I—I cannot speak yet, senor : wine— 1 more wine !' was all that, he could murmur for some time. "' I am sure it was the ghost—it must have been the gnost'.' exclaimed .Tauetta, as she hastened to the sufferer with a cup of his own Malaga.: although, as she did so, 1 saw. or thought I saw, a, questionable sort of smile on her lip. 'Tedrillo's account of Ihe horrible encounter confirmed' her assertion. It was the ghost! He had proceeded in his searc-h for Mariana, and had suffered' a violent assault for his pains : he had gone into the gardens, and then along the corridor or-gallery that led to the Hall of Abeucerrages, fancying that he caught a glimpse of her white drapery in the distance; but no—a 'in01'e unearthly visitant awaited him ! The figure of a full-sized Moor, dressed; in flowing garments, and with a turban on his head', had suddeuly started' up before him. and. without saying a word, had struck him to the earth with a baton or sword, he was not sure which. The blow was not violent enough to more than stun him for a moment: but, wlien he recovered his senses, the Moorish phantom had vanished, and' lie had made the best of his way into lamp-light and living company again. "All this was very astounding, and 1 pi Pedrillo's wound was dressed, and he and his mother were escorted' home by Gomez himself, armed with a trabuco charged to the muzzle ; whii'e his invalid sister retreated to lier couch, altogether overcome by the horrors of the night. As to myself. I had- never seen' a ghost, except on the stage ; and, as I ardently longed' for a conference with one. I was loath to lose the opportunity which so seasonably .presented itself. When the coast became clear, therefore, I braced up my nerves, screwed my courage to the stieking-place. and proceeded' to the scene of danger—" What! without a. weapon ?" ejaculated 1 Miss Hetheringtoii. " Oh no !" answered the earl : "I armed myself to the teeth with a black-thorn stick " " Did you meet the Moor ?" " Do liie the honour to attend, and you shall learn." was his answer. "It was a calm, beautiful moonlight night : I walked first into one hall, ithon into another. There was nothing to be seen, nothing to bo heard 1 , save a. nightingale who was endeavoring musically to explain' to a whole bed' of roses how much he loved them all : and. after a considerable circuit, I was beginning to think that the ghost, frightened at. Its own misdeeds, hadi quietly retreated to the shades again, when lo ! in the distance— standing just, as it. might be there where the shadow of the curtain' falls on the floor " " You saw it. V" " I did more," pursued his lord>.liip : it. was not so unsocial as most of its class are said to be. There were three of them." ".Heavens !" "On they came—slowly, of course; for even Hamlet's father takes his own time to lead' his son from one end of the ramparts to the other ; and' I had, therefore, annple time 10 ensconce myself iu a nook and wa tch the issue." ''With a beating heart?" suggested Miss Hetherington. "Yes, my heart beat, assuredly." said' the narrator, gloomily ; "although, as my attention' was otherwise engaged. I did not pay any particular attention to the physiological fact. On they came, as I before observed, and. when they had passed me. I followed them with a stealthy and cautious foot." "Did they speak to each other iu Moorish V" asked the heiress. " Xo, only in whispers." was the answer : " 'but the language was pure Costilla a." " And what did they say V" " A great deal which it would not become me to repeat." said his lordship. " At last, after a short conference, they divided ; two of them glided back towards the inhabited portion'of'the pile, while the real original spirit, as I took him ito be, retreated; deeper and deeper into the ruins. Keeping my. eyes steadily on the Moor's retreating- figure (for he was the Moor). I followed, him, came up with him, clutched at his shoulder, and then " "What theui'7^ Pray, go on—pray proceed ! Was fi^ alive ?" "Attend to lUe ^nd-*}'ou shall hear. At. first he raised ftis wtnid, and seemed disposed^to^freaTnie sSf he had recently treated 3I5i^auii's / * loVer, but 1 managed to couvlfifee Jainy* that my wand was as potent own ; and upon discovering this fully, he threw himself on my mercy, and promised to reveal to me all Ihe secrets of his prison-house, if I gave bim my honour as a gentleman not to repeat them. In fact, we became remarkably good friends, and: ended' the adventure by drinking a flask of wiaie together." "Then lie was no ghost, after.all ?" " You shall hear that, too," observed the earl. " The next mornfng I demanded ail audience of Mariana, who. whatever I said to her. acknowledged that I was right, although she was sadly puzzled and confused' at my question.?. '•'You detest Pedrillo V I said to her. " She blushed, aud after a pauw, answered. ' Yes.' "' And 1 you love Antonio MuriHo, the enameller. I went on, ' who boasts that the blood of the great Jfurillo runs in his veins, and who loves JOB as well as you love him V " She gazedi at me as if I were a conjurer, and 1he» beeamie a great deal paler than the phantom I hadi encountered' the might before. "' The difference between the two men is just 'this.' I went on iu my fatherly way ; ' Pedrillo in rich, and Antonio is poor ; Pedri'lJo is a miserable creature, without a decent point about liiin : while Antonio, saving his poverty, is an iudustrious. honourable, anan. whose good looks are hi* least recommendation, even to the woman, he loves, and: who loves him. Am I not right V' '• .She blushed fliis time and wept a little, but still she answered 'Yes,' •as before. "'All that Antonio wants.' I couttinued, 'is a fair start iu t'lie world, and a little assistance to> procure it for him : he will not continue a Moorish ghost, if lie can become a thriving enameller, and I. for one, fancy that even so difficult a matter cam, be arranged.' "' You are very good, senor.' she answered, • but my mother—uiy uncle ' "']>eave them to me.' said I. 'and if I conquer them. I will a.sk only a single salute for my pains when you leave the altar as a happy bride ou your wedlding-day.' " The bargain was struck, aaid I proceeded at once in search' of Gomez, whom I found, as I expected', a reasonable mail. It is a remarkable fact that from that day forth the Moorish ghost never was seen in the AJbamiira again, nor Pedrillo. the wine-seller, either ; while, after a month's delay, I attended Mariana, to the altar, and was duly and honourably satisfied in my debt. Here she is outlined by my rough pencil for my ' gallery of lKviuties ;' and I think you Will acknowledge that, if she is not a happy wife, at least she deserves to be, if lieant.v and inuoceuce c-au' injure it to her." As he spoke, he took from his pocket a small note-lwok bound in morocco, and 'turning over the leaves, selected oilo and handed it to Mtes Hetherington. She looked; at 'the sketch presented to her with great admiration, and then suddenly turned over a leaf to look for another ; instantly, however, lie placed his hand 1 ou the page as an interdict, and said, in a. hurried tone, aud with a heightened colour— " Nay, that i« not fair. Miss Hetherington : the other sketches are )HW>I\ imperfect things—mere scrawls or outlines. and would only disgrace me to be. seen." She returned hiau the book, coldly saying, as she did so— " Of course, any lord, if you have secrets as well a.$ the ghost, it is not for us to disturb tliem/' " You wrong me by the supposition," was his answer ; " but you like my heroine, I hope ?" " Amazingly !" she replied, with, recovered good huutiour : " her presence must, have enlivened the old walls of the Moorish palace amazingly. Do not put up your treasure again until the colonel and Miss Redgreave sees as -much of it as I have done." He opened the book again and handed it to me ; but in Ms confusion (for he was confused) it felj from his hand on uiy lap, aud wheu I lifted it (open) my own miniature stared ute in the face. Yes, there r was—tliere could be no mistake about it—drawn as a " sybil," with a raised finger and a warning look. It was a slight . sketch, but done by a master hand', for I caught uiy own character and expression in every line and feature. Colonel O'Reilly, who saw my gaze of wouder, approached hi« head to look,, but again the book dropped conveniently from my liaflrt, and, when 1 raised it. ou.ce more,-I handed it to the owner, who now opened it licedfully at the proper place.- • (To be continued.) -n.utli role, . _-•,, . yainnn smoking If you want s CrtV-ClaEB/telceram by the a reasonable' prioe—ifitoS," which " dou?e*" bined—oall ;on better tfH', road. Biohmond. ^80 * 011 - woollens to eSlee' tram paw the doc 