THE SCHOOL MAID AND HER FATHER. Girls are generally creditel with being more dutiful than their brothers to the wishes of their parents; probably meter nal influence is responsible for this. Boys —school boys at any rate—are pretty well tarred with the same brush, their first step in the direction of striking for liberty not infrequently amounting to playing truant from school, or “ wagging it.' as it is frequently termed. Whatever the early offences of young ladies may be, they have rarely been charged with that of playing truant. As an instance of obedience to paternal wishes may be quot ed tho following:—Miss Alice Hamer is the daughter of Mr George Hamer, of “ Lamington,” Victoria Road,, Auburn. Miss Marner had been very ill, and upon returning from school she experienced a continued languid feeling that made her most miserable. In the course of con versation with a reporter she said “ Father took me to see a doctor, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so, there was no fear of my disobeying this order, and I took the ‘quinine tonic' given me with regularity. Then I commenced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest. “We tried everything to induce sleep, interposed Mr Hamer, “but it had no effect ;then I consulted a well-known Col lins street practitioner. He said my daugh ter was suffering from weakness, and ad visid a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but shereturned looking worse. She would also retch on risin gin the morning; and food, taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh and became a mere ghost. “This time last year,'' said Miss Alice, “I weighed 7st 31b, now I am 9st 71b.'' “ A great improvement; your treatment must have been beneficial?” . “ ATo; all the medicine I got did me very little good. Actually Dr Williams’ pink pills for pale people deserve that credit; Just before tlfe jubilee holidays last year father bought me a box of Dr Williams’ pink pills at Mr Pleasance’s, Chapel street, Prahan. I had heard so mucW)f the beneficial changes which they had pro duced in others, that I obeyed father’s wishes that I should be careful to follow the directions. lam glad to say that they did me so much good that I continued with them, and I am now as healthy as anyone could wish.” ■ “And you would recommend them?” “ Yes; 'and that strongly, too,” said Mr Marner, “ had I known of Dr Williams’ pink pills two years before, it would have saved me a hundred pounds.” A perusal of the foregoing must have shown you that Dr Williams’ pink pills for pale people accomplish cures after other remedies have failed. They did in Miss Marner’s case. For rheumatism, influenza, bron chitis, pneumonia, sciatica, lumbago, general weakness, etc., given a fair trial, they never disappoint. Avoid substitutes and get the genuine pills with all seven words —Dr Williams’ pink pills for pale people— printed in red ink on white out sido wrapper. Of chemists and store keepers, and the Dr Williams’ Medicine Company, care Rocke, Tompsitt and. Cos., Flinders street, Melbourne; six boxes fifteen and threepence, one box two shil lings and ninepence, post paid. These are the pills which cured Miss Marner; 