POVERTY OF THE OPPOSI- TION. It has long been patent to everyone with an eye to see, that Sir George Tur- ner and his Ministerial team have not re- tained office by the power and richness of their political gifts as by the political weakness and poverty of their opponents. The country should be congratulated on the fact, that though we have a Ministry which is generally slow and unprogressive, we might, had its opponents scrambled into office, had one which was worse. The Turner Government has few thick and thin friends. But such as they are, they are more than sufficient to outweigh the occasional attacks of a few spluttering op- ponents. The House is in a delightful state of indecision. On the off chance of securing a portfolio, there is a large ma- jority of members who, on the eve of a no-confidence division, would not scruple to privately and familiarly ad- dress Sir George Turner thus: “Well, old man, I don’t half like voting against you, and it is that which has kept me on your side for nearly five years now. But you’ve had a good long innings, and I don’t see why I should keep you in office for the purpose of keep- ing in Isaacs and Peacock also. As for Duffy, Foster, Williams, Best and Taver- ner, I needn’t tell you that every time we look at them we are more certain than ever that the time has come for a new shuffle. I’m sorry for you, personally, Sir George, but you’ve had nearly five years of it, and by the time that you’ve had that spell of yours of which you’ve so often talked and threatened us, the Federal Parliament and the Premiership, or at least a place in the Ministry of Australia will be ready. Ah! there’s the bells go- ing!” The foregoing is the general attitude of the so-called Ministerial side of the House. It is constantly showing itself in the utterances of members inside and outside of Parliament. They are per- fectly frank. They do not hide their dis- content. Sixty at least of them would be quite willing to vote the present in- cumbents off the Treasury benches from the very day that Parliament meets on the 26th of this month—provided that a stronger and more progressive leader were forthcoming, and each one of the sixty felt morally certain that one of the remaining seven portfolios was waiting for him. Threatened men live long, so they say. If so, Sir George Turner is safe for an indefinite time to come. We think he is safe for ages if he is never to be faced with anything more serious than the talk of a new party which Mr. Hume Cook has been indulging in lately at A.N.A. gatherings, and incidentally in- fringing the rules of the association by in- troducing party politics into the branches and speaking against a Ministry, so many of whose best men are members of the same body. Mr. Hume Cook need not be labelled as dangerous. But the feeblest of all the feeble attacks which have up to the present been made on this Government arises out of the onslaught made by Mr. Frank Madden against Mr. David Syme. The origin of this affair is curious. Mr. Edward Murphy, the genial and remarkably cap- able member for Warrenheip, was on the point of making a bargain with the Rail- way Commissioners for a little piece of land which he has up there, and which it would have rejoiced Mr. Murphy’s patri- otic heart to have seen in the possession of his adopted country rather than in his own. The Age, however, got wind of it. A reporter was put on to investigate, certain articles and comments were pub- lished, and the result was that Mr. Murphy was left with his land. There- upon the genial and resourceful member for Warrenheip countered on the Age with a motion for the production of the papers in connection with the selection of and the subsequent said of Mr. Syme’s, Macedon property to the Service Government. The land at Macedon deserved a turn for the land at Ballarat. It was a fair hit back, no doubt, thought Mr. Murphy. If Mr. Murphy does not own a powerful newspaper, he at least owns a seat in Parliament. Sometimes, too, under cover of a seat in Parliament, things can be said which a private person or newspaper dare not say. It was in this spirit that Mr. Frank Madden, one of the legal professional men of the House, got hold of the Murphy papers and pro- ceeded to make the attack on Mr. Syme, the Lands department, and others that is now being investigated by Mr. Justice Williams. His Honor can be implicitly trusted to make a finding on the evidence that was laid before him. So on that head there need be no comment. But after boasting what he could do “before any tribunal in the world,” the valorous legal hon. member ran away from his charges. Though he affects to belong to a rather higher political grade than men who say things in the House which they will not say outside, he declined the invitation of Justice Williams to give evidence. He pleaded Parliamentary privilege. As Mr. Madden has perused the Murphy do- cuments and we have not, we cannot, of course, say whether the hon. gentleman was wise or not in pleading privilege. Possibly he was. But he now cuts an unheroic figure before the public. It is only in very special circumstances that the privileges of Parliament, the Statute of Limitations, the Licencing Act as a bar to the recovery of debt, or other such legal enactment can be honorably plea- ded. Now, however, the Melbourne Conservative organ is endeavoring to make somewhat of a hero of Mr. Madden—a defender of the privileges of Parliament and so forth. It is perfect nonsense. He is nothing of the kind. The Argus is trying to work up a debate on the alle- gation that the Government should not have appointed a commission of enquiry. Perhaps not, Mr. Syme through his own organ being so completely competent to defend himself against Mr. Madden, Mr. Murphy, the Argus, and as many more of their weight or quality as they can bring forward. The poverty of the Op- position, as shown by their efforts to magnify Mr. Madden into a hero of Par- liamentary privilege, ought to be very gratifying and re-assuring to the Govern- ment. To-day’s Events.—Eaglehawk Police Court, 10 a.m. ; City Council, 3 p.m. ; Congrega- tional Prayer Meeting, Presbyterian Church, Eaglehawk, 7.30 p.m. ; Philosophical Soci- ety’s lecture, Town Hall, 8 p.m. The Weather.—The readings at Mr. J. B. Edwards’, Pall Mall, yesterday were: — Thermometer—9 a.m., 41 degrees; 12, 56 degrees; 3 p.m., 64 degrees; 6 p.m., 54 degrees ; maximum, 66 degrees ; minimum, 37 degrees. Barometer—9 a.m., 29.47 de- grees; 12, 29.40 degrees; 3 p.m., 29.18 degrees ; 6 p.m., 29.18 degrees. The Go- vernment Astronomer’s forecast for to-day is:—“At first fine, but shortly becoming more or less cloudy, with occasional showers, chiefly in the coastal districts; north to west winds, light inland, but freshening along the coast.” Last evening rain started to fall and about 20 points were registered. Settled by Death.—Dr. E. Benier, a na- tive of Mauritius, but reared and educated in Paris, is a doctor who was walking round the world for a wager of £5000, recently arrived in Brisbane. He was found dead in his bed at Southport, Queensland, on Wed- nesday last, death apparently resulting from an overdose of chloral hydrate. He passed through Bendigo a few months ago. He then gave one the appearance of a man who was ill both physically and mentally. The Perthshire.—It is now 26 days since the Perthshire was first sighted by the schooner Whangaroa, and thirteen days since she was spoken by the barque North- ern Chief. It is assumed that prevailing winds and ocean currents have carried her well towards Norfolk Island, in the direc- tion of which the tug Champion and the steamer Duckenfield have now been order- ed to cruise. A Veteran.—There expired within the walls of the Benevolent Asylum on May 30 last, one of the oldest colonists, John King, at the age of 86 years. He landed in South Australia in 1836, when that colony was just established. He travelled inland, where he encountered blacks, one of whom speared him in the face, taking away portion of the cheek bone, evidence of which he bore to his dying day. At that time he was only 23 years of age. At the age of 54 he was seized with chronic rheumatism, and was thus compelled, having no friends, to seek the shelter of the Benevolent Asylum. For 30 years he trudged about in an almost help- less condition, until two years ago he took to crutches. It may not be out of place to say that during the past twelve months 56 inmates, who died in the asylum, average 78 years. A Diamond Stud.-—Thomas Saunders, the jockey who rode Dunlop to victory in the Melbourne Cup a few years ago and who was riding at the Bendigo races yesterday, reported to the police that he had been rob- bed of a gold enamelled stud set with a diamond. He missed it from his room at the Shamrock Hotel. He temporarily left his room about 8 o’clock yesterday morning. He took his watch and money, but overlooked the stud. On returning he met a young fellow coming from the direction of his room, but he never suspected anything amiss, and did not know the stud was gone until ten minutes later. The stud is valued at £8. Quartzopolis Lodge, U.A.O.D. —The half- yearly meeting was held at the lodgeroom at the Dispensary last evening, there being a large attendance. Brother F. Meagher, A.D., presided. The balance- sheet, which showed the lodge to be in a sound finan- cial position, and auditors’ report were adopted. The election of officers resul- ted as follows: —A.D., Bro. R. Barrows ; V.A., Bro. Koenig; secretary, Bro. Sto- well; treasurer, Bro. Bolton ; A.D.B., Bros. Nicolai and Swift ; V.A.B., Bros. Beale and Trembath; J.G., Bro. Walton; O.G., Bro. Wilson. One candidate was initiated, and several propositions receiv- ed. The newly elected officers were then duly installed by Past District President Bro. Wright. J.P.A. Brother Temby was presented with a handsomely framed past- arch diploma. The secretary was presented by the newly elected Arch Druid with a set of gold sleeve links as a special prize for having introduced the second largest num- ber of members during the year. The Arch Druid also promised £2 2s. for the same purpose for the present half-year. Philosophical Society.—The Rev. R. C. N. Kelly, M.A., will lecture in the court- room at the Town Hall this evening in con- nection with this society, his subject being the “Footprints of the Vikings.” The lec- ture is open to every one, and will be pre- ceded by a few musical selections. Miss Amy Castles.—The Amy Castles’ concerts in the Melbourne Exhibition will give a net result of about £960. The Ex- hibition trustees get rent, also 10 per cent. on gross takings, the lighting, arranging of chairs, all damages, erection of stage, etc., having to be paid for by the committee of management. The expenses will thus be about £320. Another “boom” is prepar- ing in Sydney. A Scene in Court.—A very, lively contre- temps occurred in the City Police Court yesterday in the hearing of a charge of pocket-picking against a young man named George Wilson. Mr. Roberts, who appear- ed for prisoner, was being instructed by a well-dressed man named Mahon. It was hinted during the hearing of the case that other persons were concerned in the theft, and Inspector Murphy remarked in an un- dertone that “other persons should be committed as well as prisoner.” Mahon, thinking that Inspector Murphy referred to him, made an angry retort to the in- spector. The latter replied that he would have Mahon committed for contempt of court. Mahon—“I will ask him to commit you.” The P.M. (sharply to Mahon) — “Stand up! Stand up, and let’s hear what you have to say!” Mahon left his seat and walked into the body of the court. Mr. Roberts, rising to his feet, said—“I will ask your worships to hear me. This person has been instructing me on behalf of the prisoner, and Mr. Murphy delibera- tely turned round to Mr. Mahon and said— ‘Other persons should be committed as well as prisoner.’ Inspector Murphy (in- terrupting) replied—“I won’t allow you to address the bench, as I am personally in- terested. This is a matter that concerns the good conduct of the court. Here is a man who says—“I should be committed.” The P.M.—“Let us hear what was said.” Inspector Murphy—“I said other persons should be committed as well as him.” Mahon—“You said I should have been committed.” Inspector Murphy—“Nothing of the sort.” The P.M.—“Well, are you satisfied now with the explanation ?” Both parties then seemed satisfied, and resumed their seats, and the case was proceeded with. The Three Card Trick.—John McNelby, who described himself as a dealer, forty- nine years of age, was charged at the City Police Court yesterday with playing a game of sleight-of-hand at the Bendigo Race- course on Wednesday. Inspector Murphy, who conducted the prosecution, stated that the man did not limit himself to one game. He had taken some young men down at “thimble and pea” first, and when they expressed dissatisfaction at the way in which they had been “had” accused said he would show them a fair game, and com- menced the “three card trick.” One of the young fellows planked down a sovereign, but just then the police come, and the man’s confederates shut the table up, while accused pocketed the sovereign, and the game was ended so far as the young men were concerned. McNelby had been con- victed in 1897, Mr. Murphy stated, and fined 60s. for playing an unlawful game. Prisoner pleaded guilty, stating that he had been drinking. He now wanted to re- turn to his employer. Inspector Murphy asked the bench to order the return of £1 to the young man who had been fleeced. The P.M. said that those people who played were very anxious to get the man’s money. They thought they were smarter than the man. People were in the habit of putting a piece of white paper on a card to identify it—(laughter)—and when they were beaten they told the police. Defendant would be fined 60s. or twenty-one days’ imprisonment in default. Miners’ Free Scholarships.—At the meet- ing of the Miners’ Association last evening a communication was received from the re- gistrar of the Bendigo School of Mines, sta- ting that an entrance examination for free scholarships would be held at the school to- day (Friday) at 7 p.m. There would prob- ably be three vacancies, which would be filled according to the order of merit of the candidates. As there was no time to insert advertisements in the press and make the examination known, it was resolved, on the motion of Mr. Praed, that the secretary write and ask the registrar to postpone the examination for a fortnight to allow of the examination being advertised in the press. It was mentioned that the examination was open to any financial member of the branch and that the scholarships were tenable for four years. City Police Court.—Messrs. Dwyer, P.M., Webb and Somerville presided yesterday. The bench had to deal with several of the turf parasites, who in pursuit of their profession attended the Bendigo races. The cases are reported elsewhere. A luna- tic was committed to Sunbury, and debt cases were dealt with as follows:—Thomas Sims v. Antonio Cerveri, 5s., 18s. costs ; Thomas Murphy v. — Corneley, £3 3s., costs 13s. Good Apples.—Mr. H. Winklemann, a well-known fruit-grower at Campbell’s Creek, Castlemaine, has just received ad- vices relative to his consignment of another 100 cases of apples to the London market. As will be seen by the following quota- tions, the fruit realised very satisfactory prices : —Munro’s Favorite, Yapeen Seedling and London Pippin, 15s per case ; Jonathan and Ben Davis, 14s 6d; Scarlet Nonpareils, 13s. Ballots at Mines.—At the fortnightly meeting of the Miners’ Association, last evening various replies were read from companies in reply to the request of the association that the half-yearly ballot should be permitted to be taken at the mines. Favorable replies were received from the New Victoria Catherine, Garden Gully Uni- ted, Koch’s Pioneer and St. Mungo mines. The Clarence United Co. refused the re- quest. Cowardly Dogs.—A dog fight of an extra- ordinary character was, says the Adelaide Advertiser of the 6th inst., witnessed at the Semaphore on Monday afternoon. A large St. Bernard dog, a bulldog and a collie at- tacked a small black retriever, and, after worrying it for a time, they deliberately dragged it into the sea, and each in turn held it under the water until it was drowned. Bendigo Benevolent Asylum.—At the monthly meeting of the committee last night there were present:—Messrs. D. Watson (president), G. G. P. Claridge, J. D. Crofts, J. R. Goodisson, D. B. Lazarus, Dr. J. Boyd and Mr. H. Birch (hon. secretary). A letter was read from Mr. Francis T. Short, inspector of charities, in re- ply to the secretary’s letter, that the com- mittee’s views relative to the neces- sity or re-flooring the Asylum had been noted. The Treasurer alone dealt with the question of building grants. As he (the writer) had previously reported on the institution he would, in the absence of specific instructions from the Treasurer, not visit the Asylum for sometime. The letter was received. The treasurer (Mr. Claridge) reported for the month ending May 31: —Receipts: Government grant (special), £400; interest, £15 ; private contributions, £44 8s; sundries, £49 9s. 3d ; balance, £2267 7s 1d ; total, £2776 5s 1d. Expen- diture: Overdraft, £2270 10s 2d ; pay- ments during May, £505 14s 11d ; total, £2776 5s 1d. The report was re- ceived. On the motion of Mr. Goodis- son, a vote of thanks was accorded Mr. Lazarus for the part he took in inducing the trustees of the Bendigo Cemetery to re-mit the burial fees on inmates of the Asylum. The honorary secretary remarked incident- ally that this action would save the com- mittee from £60 to £70 annually. A Wife’s Pathetic Story.—A petitioner in the Sydney Divorce Court, on the ground of her husband’s desertion, gave evidence that she had done all she could to make him happy. They were married in 1891, and all had gone well till 1896, when the husband announced that he was going to leave his wife, who had “loved him so thoroughly.” He invited her to a parting cup of tea, when words failing her she sat down to the piano and sang, “Shall Our Parting Be For Ever?” Afterwards she appealed to him on her knees, without effect. They had since met in the street and at a sister-in-law’s house, but he would not speak. The petition was granted. A Trip.—An extensive trip begun by the members of the Railways Standing Committee on Wednesday afternoon. They left Melbourne by the 4.50 express for Ben- digo, and yesterday morning proceeded to Swan Hill; to-day they will reach Nyah, on the River Murray, 17 miles north of Swan Hill ; and at Tooleybuc, which is a few miles from Nyah, they will inspect the take-off of the water for the Tooleybuc water supply scheme from the Murray. On Satur- day they will drive along the surveyed route of the channel along which the water is to conducted to Sea Lake. They will stop at Sea Lake on Saturday night, and then pro- ceed to Birchip, along the country traversed by one of the channels from the Lake Lons- dale water scheme. They will take evidence at Birchip on Monday morning at 9 o’clock and return to Melbourne by the 11.15 train the same day. A Row in Williamson street.—There were a considerable number of rowdy racing men about Bendigo last night. At midnight a fight took place, and a man named John Kirby, a resident of South Yarra, came in for some brutal treatment at the hands of two cowardly fellows, one of whom punched the man, while the other struck him with an umbrella till he had demolished it in hitting his victim. Kirby eventually was left lying on the steps of the Shamrock Hotel, with a nasty gash over his eye and bleeding profusely. The police had in the meantime been sent for, and a constable took Kirby to the hospital, where his wounds were dressed. The affair will probably be further ventilated in the police court. Re-acquirement of Land. —The principle of re-acquirement by Government of large areas of land, and cutting them up into small blocks for selectors, has proved a splendid and enormous success in New Zealand. So says Mr. Best, the Minister of Lands, who has just returned from a mission of inquiry into this and other ques- tions. Mr. Best intends to put the resump- tion clauses of the new Victorian Act into force with as little delay as possible. He has £100,000 at his disposal to be expended for this purpose during the coming financial year, and is now prepared to receive offers of suitable properties at fair market rates. Suitably Rebuffed.—The Minister of Mines administered yesterday a suitable rebuff to three gentlemen who came about a dredging lease. The interviewers wanted the proposed lease inspected in a hurry in order that money might be raised in Eng- land to work it. Mr. Foster objected to issue a lease as a mere speculation or help in any way to have the venture hawked through England unless the promoters had a reasonable sum to airly test the area— Herald. Cyclists’ Banquet.—The annual banquet of the Golden Square Cycling Club was held at the United Kingdom Hotel last evening. About 50 cyclists were present. Mr. Orchards, the club’s representative on the L.V.W., occupied the chair. An ex- cellent repast was laid out by Mr. Arthur, to which full justice was done. During the evening the prizes won in the recent road race were presented to the winners. Toasts, songs and recitations made up the evening’s programme. Mr. A. J. Pearce acted as accompanist. A Successful Choir.— The choir of St. An- drew’s Church, which won the first prize at the recent Austral competitions, will go to Ballarat to compete at the South street sea- son, which opens at an early date. Accident to a Church. —A somewhat un- fortunate mishap occurred to a church which was being conveyed by means of a lorry from Elmore to Goornong on Monday. The work was undertaken by a well-known firm of Bendigo contractors. Two or three small bridges had been successfully negotiated, but unfortunately such good fortune was not destined to continue, as on crossing a bridge over the creek a sudden collapse occurred, and the lorry and church were landed in the creek. The church looks like the Noah’s Ark of childhood’s days. Interesting to School Teachers. —At a meeting of the Maryborough School Board of Advice, Mr. Brent asked if any com- plaint had been made to the board in re- spect to the sudden death of a lad, named Thomas Morland. The boy died from acute peritonitis, according to the evidence of Dr. Frank Haley, who made a post mortem, and Mr. Brent said he had heard that the boy had been refused permission to retire from the school before he was taken ill. Other members said they had heard of similar refusals, and it was decided to write to the head teacher, asking him to make enquiries into the matter. Experimental Farming.—At the latter end of April Mr. A. N. Pearson, the Govern- ment Analytical Chemist, conducted experi- ments at Mount Pleasant, the farm of Mr. Geo. Telford, Slaty Creek, about 20 miles from Charlton, several plots of ground be- ing sown with seed mixed with different quantities and varieties of chemical manures. The areas are making good progress, and the experiment will no doubt clear away much that is uncertain regarding the value of artificial manure. The plots sown with the drill have made much better progress than those put in by hand. In all prob- ability Mr. Pearson will visit the district in November, to supervise the harvest. Frightening the Ladies.—At the fort- nightly cattle sale at Morwell, Gippsland, on Monday, a rather wild bull was sold, and it gave the purchaser some trouble when he proceeded to take delivery. The animal raced down the main street and sud- denly rushed into Mr. Maxwell’s drapery establishment. A number of lady customers were being attended to, and forgetting their eagerness for bargains they rushed in all directions out of the way of the mad ani- mal. The herdsman by a liberal use of his stockwhip eventually got the animal out be- fore much damage had been done. A Ghost Scare at Ballarat.—A ghost scare is again on in Ballarat, where a number of females have been frightened by the pranks of stupid jokers. At Brown Hill a man with a loaded fowling piece, while playing the part of a phantom, was seized by one of his neighbors, and during the struggle the gun went off, harmlessly. In Ballarat East on Wednesday night several Europeans and Chinese met an unearthly figure in Humffray street, which gave forth phosphor- escent light, causing the Chinese to collapse in terror. At Redan a local “push” is roam- ing after dark in white garments, to the great alarm of women and children. The workers made captive, for the instruction of the public of Bendigo, is the thought that impresses one when they gaze at the bees at work in their hives, exhibited in the window of Messrs. G. H. Bush and Co.’s stores, and watch the little busy bees storing up food and medicine for the public, as it is a well-known fact, that honey is one of the best foods for restoring health and strength. The firm draw attention to their advertisement on another page. Yesterday, at his rooms, View street, Mr. J. H. Curnow, sold, under instructions from Mr. P. Meeking, a freehold allotment with a W.B. dwelling thereon, situated in View street, the purchaser being Mr. W. Thompson at £250. 