Joy for Ever. Seejion" by the late Kev. C. H. Spuegeos. Hut let fill those that put their trust in Thee rejoice; let them ever shout for joy, because Thou defcudest thrm: let them also that love Thy name be joyful in Thee.—Psalm v. II. The subject for this morning is joy—the joy of faith, the joy which is the fruit of the Spirit from the root of trust in God. Hay wo not only talk about it at this hour, but en joy it now and evermore! It is pleasant to read, and hear, and think about joy; but to be filled witb joy aud peace through believ ing is a far more satisfying thing. I want you to see not only the sparkling fountain of joy, but to drink deep draughts of it; yes, and-drink all the week, and' all the mouth, and all tho year, and all the rest of your lives, both in time and in eternity. "Let the children of Zion by joyful in their King." 1\. First let us sneak a little upon the kind oF joy which is allotted to believers. "Let all those that put their trust in Thee rejoice. Let them ever shout for joy, because Thou defendest them; let thc:n also that love Thy name bo joyful in Thee." This joy is to be universal to all who trust. Tins is' not only for the healthy, but for tbe sickly ; not only for the successful, but for the disappointed; not only for those who have the bird in the hand, but for thoso who only see it iu the bush. Let all rejoice. If you only have a little faitli, yet if yon arc trusting in tbe Lord, you have a right to joy. It may be your joy'will not rise so'high as it might do if your faith were greater, but still, where faith is true, it gives sure gronud for joy. Oh ye babes in grace, ye little children, you that have been newly converted, and sadly feel your feebleness, yet rejoice; for the Lord will bless them that fear Him, "both small and great" ! "Fear not, little flock." You, Miss Much-afraid, over yonder, you are to rejoice. You, Mr. Despondency, hardly daring to look up, you must yet learn to sing. As for Mr. Iteady-to- halt, he must dance on his crutches, and Feeble-mind must play the music for him. It is the mintfof the Holy Ghost that those who trust in the Lord should rejoice before Him. This joy is to be as constant as to time as it is universal as to person. "Let them over shout for joy." Do not be content that a good time in tho morning should be fol lowed by dreariness in the afternoon. Do not cultivate an occasional delight, but aim at perpetual joy. To be happy at a revival meeting, and then go home to groan, is a poor business. "We should feel like singing all the time. Wo have abiding arguments for abiding consolation. Nest, let your joy be manifested. " Let them ever shout for joy." Shouting is an enthusiastic utterance, a method which men uso when they have won a victory, when they divide the spoil, when they bear home the harvest, when they tread the" vintage, when they drain the goblet. Believers, you may shout for joy with un reserved delight. A touch of enthusiasm would be the salvation of many a man's re ligion. Somo Christians are fairly good people; they arc like wax candles, but they arc not lighted. Oh• for a toned) of flamo ! Then would they scatter light, and thus be come of service to their families. "Let them shout for joy.". Why not? Let not orderly folks object. One said to me the other day, "When I hear you preach I feel as if I must have a shout!" My friend, shout if you feel forced to do so. (Here a hearer cried, "Glory!") Our brother cries, "Glory!" and I say so too. Gloty! Yes, we will have out high days and holidays, and we will sing and shout for joy till, oven the heathen say, " The Lord hath done great things for them." This joy is logical. When I was a child, and went to school, I remember learning out of a book called "Why and Because." Things one learns as a child stick in tho memory; and therefore I like a text which has a " be cause" in it. Here it is: "Let them shout for joy, because Thou defendest them." The joy of a believer in God has a firm founda tion ; it is not tho baseless fabric of a vision. Wo have a satisfactory reason for our most exuberant joy: "Tho Lord hath done great things for "us, whereof wo oro glad." Philosophers can be happy without music, and saints can be happy despite circum stances. With joy wo draw water out of deeper and fuller wells than such as father Jacob digged. Our mirth is as soberly reasonable as tho worldling's fears. Once more: this happiness is a thing of the heart; for the text runs thus—'"Let them tbatlovo Thy namo bo joyfnl in Thee." Wo lovo God. I trust I am speaking to many who could say, " Lord, Thou knowost all things; Thou knowost that I love Thee." Is it not a Very happy emotion ? What is sweeter than to say, with tears in one's oyep, "My God, I lovo Thco"? To • sit down and have nothing to ask for, no words to utter, but only for the eoul "to love—is not this heavenly ? Measureless depths, of unutterable love are in the soul, and in those depths wo And the pearl of joy. When the heart is takeu up with so delightful an object as the evor-blesaed God, it feels an intensity of joy which cannot be rivalled. When our whole being is steeped in adoring love, then heaven comes streaming down, and we rejoice with joy unspeakable and full of glory. 2\. Now I corao to the second head, to con eider the ground and reason of lioly joy. The believer's joy arises from the God* in1 whom he trusts. " Let all those that put their trust in Thee rejoice." When, after many a weary wandering, the dove of your soul has at last como back to the ark, and Noah has put out his band and " pulled her in unto hira," the poor, weary creature is happy. Taken into Noah's hand anu mado to nestle in his bosom, she feels so safe, so peaceful! The weary leagues of the wild waste of waters arc all forgotten, or only remembered to give zest to the repose. So, when you trust iu God, your soul has found a quiet resting-place, u pavilion of repose. Ob, you who have never trusted God in Christ Jesus, you do not know what real happiness means! You may search all the theatres in London, and ransack all the music-halls, and clubs, and public houses, but you will find no happiness ia any of their mirth, or .show, or wine. True joy dwells where dwells the living God, and nowhere else. Our joy arises out of the love wc have towards our God. "Let them that love Thy name be joyful in Thee." Tho more you love God, the more you will delight in Him. It is tho profusion of a mother's love to her child which makes her take such delight in it. Her boy is her joy because of her lore. It wo loved Jesus better, wo should be bappier in Him. You do not, perhaps, see the connection between the two things;: but there is a connection, so intimate that | little love to Christ brings little joy in Christ, j and great love to Christ brings great joy in Christ. God grant that iu a full Christ we may have a full joy I Do you sec what I mean ? When a man comes to God iu Christ and says, "This Saviour is my Saviour, this Father is my Father, this God is my God for ever and ever"; then he has everything, and he must be joyful. He has no fear about the past—God has forgiven him; he has uo distress about the present— the Lord is with him; he is not afraid about the future—for the Lord hath said, " I will never leave thee, nor forsake thee." If yon understand ray text, and put it into practice, you possess the quintessence of happiness, the essential oil of joy. It is by faith that this joy comes to us. Faith makes joyful dis coveries. I speak to those of you who have faith. When you first believed in Christ you found that you were cared, and knew that you were forgiven. Some little while after, you discovered that yoa were chosen of God from before the foundation of the world. Oh the rapture of your soul when the Lord appeared of old unto you, saying, '* lea, I have loved thee with an everlasting love; therefore with loving kindness have *1 drawn thee." In Christ the believer is as just in the sight of God as if he had never sinned; he is covered with a perfect righteous ness, and is accepted in the Beloved. What a joy is justification. What bliss, also, to learn our union to Christ. Wo are mem bers of His body, of His flesh, and of Tfis bones. Because Ko lives, we shall live also. Above" all, faith has an eye' to the external reward. She rejoices in her prospects. She takes into her band the birds which to others are in the hush. To be with Christ in the gloryland is the joy of hope, the hone which maketh not ashamed. Our hope is no dream: as sure as we are hero to-day, wo who are trusting in Christ will he in heaven before long; for He prays that we may be with Him where He is, and may behold Hia glory. Let us not wish to postpone the happy day. Shall our briual ,day be kept back? Nay, let the Bridcgroonrspoeddy come and take us to Himself. What a joy to know that this head shall wear a crown of glory, and these hands shall wave the palm-branch or vic tory! I speak not of myself alone, my brethren, but of you also, and of all them that love His appearing. There is a crown of life laid up for yon, which the righteous Judge will give you. Wherefore, have patienco a littlo while. Bear still your cross. Put up with tho difficulties of the way, for the end is almost within sight. Hay the Lord give us the cars of faith wherewith to hear the beHs of heaven ringing out from afar over the waters of time! * 3. Wo will look now into a third matter, which is the failures reported concerning this joy. Let me say to some of you who love to raise objections, What do yoa know about this joy? Are you unbelievers? Well, then, you are out of court; you are not com petent to judge. The griefsTof believers you do not know, and with their joy you cannot intermeddle. You have no spiritual taste or discernment, and what judgment can you form? A genuine believer may bo as happy as the angels, and yet you may not know his joy, .because you aro not in tho secret. You have not a spiritual mind, and the carnal mind cannot discern spiritual things. I would have you speak with bated breath when you talk on this matter. A blind man at tho Royal Academy would not do much good; his criticisms on the pictures are not worth much; but they are quite equal in value to yours when you speak of spiritual things. You canuot know what joy in tho Lord may mean; for, alas! you are a stranger to such hea venly things. If you 6ay that some Christians arc unhappy, mnsfc you not also admit that mauy of them are very happy? I was once waited upon by an enthusiast with a new religion to publish. Numbers of people have a crack which lets in new light, ana this man was going to convert me to his new ideas. After I heard him, I said, "I have heard your story; will you hear mine?" When I talked to him of my lot and portion in the | love of a covenant God, and the safety of the believer in Christ, he said, " 276 w, sir, I if you believe all this, you ought to be the! happiest man in the -world." I admitted that his inference was true; but then I said to him, what r.«thcr surprised him, "Sol am; and I am going to ho more so all the rest of my life." If a man is chosen of God from * before tho foundation of the world, is redeemed by the precious blood of Christ, is quickened by tho Holy Gho3t, and re1 tiewed iu the spirit of bis mind, is one with Christ, and on his way to heaven—it he is not happy, he ought to be. Surely wc ought to rejoice abundantly, dear friends, for ours'is a happy lot. "Uappv are the people whose God is the Lord." 4\. I close by mentioning the arguments for abounding in joy. First, you see in my text a permit to be glad; " Let all those that put their trust in Thee rejoice." You have here a ticket to the banquets of joy. You may be as happy as ever you like. You have Divine permission to shout for joy. Yonder is the inner sanctuary of happiness. You cry, "May I come in r " Yes, if by faitb you can grasp the text, "Let all those that put their trust fa Thee minim*" ** Tinfe mnr T In* liannr ? " A«Va rojoice." " But may I he happy ? " asks one. " May I be glad ? Mayl? Is there joy for mo?" Do you trust in the Lord? Then you have your passport; travel in the light. Bat the text is not only a permit, it is a precept. When it says, " Let them shont for joy," it mean3 that they are commanded to do so. Blessed is that religion wherein it is a duty to be happy. Gome, ye mournful ones, be glad. Yo discontented grumblers, come out of that dog holo. Enter the palace of the King. Quit your dunghills ; ascend your thrones. The precept commands it: " Rejoice in tho Lord olway; and again I say, Rejoice." We have here more than a permit and a precept — it is a prayer. David prays it, the Lorn Jesus praya it by David. Let them rejoice, let them be joyful in Thee! Will Ho not grant the prayer wbicb He has inspired by causing ns to rejoice through lifting upon us the light of His countenance? Pray for joy yourself, saying with David, "Restore unto mo the joy of Thy salvation." May some of you that have never joyed in Jesus Christ Icarn how to praise Him to-day by being washed in His precious blood. You that have praised Him long, may you learn your seoro yet more fully, and sing in better tune henceforth and for erermore. Amen. ] 