CHAPTER XXIII. o' A Yoice from the Other Sid«. In front of the house was a muddy pond, par- tially filled with water, whose surface was coated with green slime. On one side of this .was a ' hedge. Between the pond and the hedge , was a narrow, ill-kept footpath, which led to a broken clapper gate. Within this gate Avas what had once been a garden of fair size, but which wus now little less than a piece of waste land, so overgrown was it with weeds and thistles. About the centre of this piece of grouud was the house itself, a one-storeyed erection, built of stone, with a slate roof. As Mr. Polhurston stood at the gate he felt that he had never seen a more unpromising abode. Everywhere were the marks of ruin and decay. From the appearance of things, it was years since a spade had been put into the ground. A sin a: 1 outbuilding which stood on one side of the house, and'which had, possibly, once been a. cowshed, was falling to pieces. Of what had once been a pig-stye, nothing was left but rotting timbers. The house itself stood badly in need of repairs. The one chimney pot was a shattered wreck. Slates were missing from the roof, green moss covered most of those which were left; while on one side flourished a patch of vigorous nettles. It was difficult. to believe that anyone could be living in so neglécted a dwelling-place, and when; one reflected on its aloofness from other " human habitations, that the-nearest, house was almost a mile away, and had to be reached' through nar- row, winding lanes, which; at this season of the year, mud rendered almost impenetrable--rand re- membered that it was the abode of a young .'ind . pretty girl, who was its sole occupant, one could : but hope, for her own sake, that she was fond of solitude, that hernerves were in good order, and that she had ways aiid means of h«r own for pre- venting tve time hanging, too h'av.'ly on lui", hands. . . . ; ? : ,v The place, seemed so utterly di-serted, anf' so wholly void of signs of life, as he i.ieked h's .way between the thistles which hemmed in the iinr row path, Mr. 'Polhurston ooueîudcd that the ^iri ht-rself. mußt be away. if« wus, -therefor *, the more surprisd when, almost sis.-. soon '-aa ; nis . knuckles touched the panel, vhii-bi stood badly ir. need of repainting, : the door, opened, and the Sivl stood confronting him' *h^ threshold The girl's startling resemblance to Mle one who was gone, the suddenness wi'Uh which she had operi ed the door, these things,- joined to a consciousness of the delicate na'tiure of his errancl, and to his retrospective and' even" somewhat "morbid) ' mood/ ' tended to disconcert him. He ¿ytood hesitating! as if doubtful what to say. LtJ was she who ad' dressed' him. . _ "Weill? What do you. want?" "I wish to epeak to you. May I come in?" She drew back, so as to permit him to enter. then cîosed the door. His awkwardness had not deserted him, even after his entrance. He still continued tongue-tied, staring alt her as if she .were some spectre, instead1 of a creature of flesh and blood. It was again she who broke the silence. "I knew you would come." Even, her voice was another's. He stared about him like a man in a dream-dimly realising . that whatever the house might appear without, wi'Jhin it was a model of neatness and order. The scanty furniture was polished till it shone again. The stone floor was spotlessly clean. The kitchen utensills were examples of unremitting care. No- where was there a suspicion of dust. Some hálf .dozen books were om the shelf at one side. . The only ornament which the room contained was the cabinet portrait of a young man, which hung against the wall. Seeing the preoccupation of his mood, she repea- ted what she had 'said, as if she supposed it had been unheeded. "I knew you woulld! come." Her voice caused Mm to glance at her again. As he did so, .it was as if a flood of memory swept over him. He seemed to be looking, in very deed and very truth,-at his boyhood's love. The re- semblance was lit'ttle short of marvellous. It was not only an affair of form and feature, but of ex- pression, pose, a dozen little trick© of speech and gesture which were as fresh ia his recollection as on the day on which he h'adi seen them last. A .wild, unreasonable desire sprang up within him io itake her in his rams and) strain her to hi» breast; but it was ai desire which was not to be encou- raged, for-for some. reasom which, -as yet, waa strange to him-in her bearing there was hard- ness, scorn, almost rage, which was far from sug- gesting a caress. "You knew that I should come?" "Yes. I knew lt." < "Then you know who I am?" "I should! think I do know. I ought to. You are Mr. Blaise Polhurston." "l am. I trusty that you you aSso know that I was a friend of your mother's." In his voice there was a note of tenderness which was very far from finding an) echo in hers. "Her friend? Her enemy, you mean." "Her enemy? God forbid! That I.never was." "Your mother and you hounded her to death between you." ' ?_ "You ;are under some strange-delusion. I would have' given my life to^have saved! hers. Indeed» I have given her the best part of it as it is." . "You were not only my mother's enemy; you ai'e also mine!"' "Yourie? I am your enemy? You dream!" Her manner of addressing him was so entirely ;; different to anything which he had expected, that . he was taken more and more aback. "Do you think that I know nothing of what goes on in the world? You credit me with too much ignorance. : Do you think that I; don't know that my father-my father''-she repeated the word, with added emphasis, "ha© 'been murdered, and! that, you have all his money, andi that I, his child, have none?. You hounded my mother to her death-'for all I know you have had a hand in 'the killing of my father-you take the inherit .ance which should be mine, and then, when I say you are my enemy, you exclaim that I dream. Whait, then, in your judgment goes to the making of an enemy?" He ©ank ou to a chair which was at his back. Her words were so unexpected, the charges with which she assailed him so unlooked for, that, in the first flush of his amazement, he could but stare--a fact on which she placed her own inter- pretation. "Does your, conscience prick you that you stare at me as if I were a ghost? I had supposed', from whait I have heard of you, that you had got be- yond the stage in which you would be likely to find a conscience a troublesome possession." "You are mistaken. ' My conscience still troub- les me more than sufficiently at times, though not for that which you suggest. There it's Olear. Until the last-few hours I did not know ifchat a childi of your mother's was living, and, still les's, -??that Howard Shapcott was your father.'' "Oh, yes, he was my father. I'm a child of shame, doubly and trebly. My mother commit- ted suicide, -my father was murdered; what can I do to complete the tragedy? All my-life fingers have been pointed at me. I've been told that I'm a girl without a-name, a thing apart, a crea- ture marked with' an ineffaceable brand." ' "You are sure you don't exaggerate?" < "Exaggerate!" She laughed-not a pleasanlt Haugh to hear issuing from a young girl's lips. "Ask the parish if I exaggerate. . Ask the first person on whom you come if I'm not Helen Fowler's child; if my-mother didn't drown herself because she couldn't face the shame of having borne me; if I don't:call myself by my mother's name only be- cause I've no right to that of any other; if I haven't been «the cause of all Ithe trouble at the great house; .and' if there's any better prospect for me than to do as my mother-did-, or worse. My mothers folk threw those things in my face so long as any of them were Giving; and nowt' that they are gone, what is there for une to do bu'b to stay here, all alone, and think of them morning noon, and night?"' "You could hardly have chosen a more un- healthy occupation. No" wonder your mindi ¡s filled with such imaginings. A young girl ought net to live alone in such a place as Chis." : She laughed again. "Where else should I live? Under what other" \- roof.should I seek shelter? This place is my own. Andi as fer being alone iv it.'I'd rather.- I never 'go out in the day-time; where people are. They look at me, and thrust each other in the side, and s'ay.'Uhero she g:es! That's. Helen Fowler's , shame!' When I want to go out I wait till afters dark, so that I can have for company, the creatures cf the night. They don't point at me and tell each other who I am." . There was an air of wildness about the fash kn in which she said this, which wás not without a pathos of its-own. It went so ill with her beauty . and her youth. ' 1 . . "But how do you live? Have you means?" "No, I've no means-you've all my .father hadi." Again there came Shat jarring laugh. "It's little enough I want in the way of food. And' as .for clothes, they last me a long time, since "I see" so little company." As she spoke Mr. Polhurston could not help but observe that the print dress which she wore seemed new, andthow tastefully it was fashioned, and how well it became her. "The little money I want I earn by sewing; 1 go far afield for work, wihere folks don't know me; they trust me with it, and let me bring it home to do it here." There was a pause before Mr. Polhurston spoke again. He chose his words with such car© as he could, for the feeling was strong, upon him that the situation was more delicate even than he had supposed. "I cannot but (think that the story of my ac- quaintance with your mother, whom I loved, es- teemed, and honored', and would, if I could, have made my wife-". "You would have made her your wife?" "If I could-indeed- I cannot but think that this story has been told you by some prejudiced .person, to the serious disadvantage of my share In it. I must beg you, for the moment, to take my wcrd for it, when I say that I would have done all I could for your mo- ther, just as, now, I will do all I can for (her child. . As you observé, I have your father's money. As I have already told you, until quite recently I did not know that Howard Shapcott was your father. Why he made me his heir. I cannot tell, you; I had never any reason to sup .pose that he intended doing anythirg of the kind. But now that I am acquainted with this truth, you may rest assured that I will see that justice is done." "What do you mean by saying that-you will see that justice is done?" "You pay me a poor compliment by asking such a question. Surely my meanirg must be suffi- ciently obvious. . I had no claim on Howard Shap- cott-you are his child." She shrank away. "He has never been to me a father; it ls only from what they've told rae that I know he was my father. He never treated me as his child; I never saw him. I don't want his money now that he is dead." "You, at least ;have a better right to it than I; as you yourself have pointed out." "They were only my wild words; I didn't me"an it." She drew farther back from him, as if fearful that he would proffer her the money there and then. "Do not be afraid. We shall not quarrel, you and I. Everything shall be done in due and pro- per order. My'trust ls that you may : learn to know me'better, and like me none the less Avith Increased knowledge. What we have to do at present, you and I, is to arrange some plan by which you can remove with tne least delay, from this lonely cottage, ard take up your residence in some place better suited to. your age and situa- tion. . My opinion is, that the farther away you go, within reason that ls, the better." "I don't want to leave this house." . "You must. On that point there can be no two oplnlors. It is not right that a"young girl should live, like a solitary hermit, all alone by herself, at \- the other end of nowhere." ? ' It was plain that the decision with which he spoke, blended, as lt chanced to be, with- some- thing which was, at the same time, both humorous and tender, impressed the girl even against her will. A chord seemed to be touched which had hitherto remained quiescent in her bosom. She exclaimed, with apparent sudden Impulse "I will go and fetch a letter which I have to give you from my mother." Before he could reply, she had vanished into the adjoining room. Her words, wholly unforeseen, and, to him, mysterious, had thrilled him. He sat, in. a state of suspensive doubt, expectant of he knew not what. Even yet he had not- been able to shake himself wholly free of the feeling that he had returned, at least in part, to the Gays of long ago; that ho had taken up, as it were, a thread which had long been dropped, and-in so doing had been restored to the presence of his old lové in a now form. The incident had, for him, almost a flavor of the supernatural.. He had lived so long with and for a ghost,: that now it al- most seemed .as If, all at once, the ghost had. been clothed with flesh, and filled with the breath of life. He found it impossible to shake himself free of a preposterous half-suspicion that this girl was the girl whom he had loved-the very one with whom time and circumstance had played some trick, for ' the delusion of his senses.* So .that when she spoke of giving him a letter from her mother, as if she were close at hand to write it, lt seemed to bo the one touch which was needed to complete the confusion of his brain. Presently the girl returned, bearing an envelope in her hand. She spoke with a catching in Iher breath, as if in a tremor of excitement; as she spoke, In spite of «the agitation of his mind, he was : strained ta perceive, as in a sort of mislt; how pretty she looked, and how like her who' was gone. "Hhey found (this after--another--wient. When I grew up they gave it me.' I've kept; it ever since. , It's for you."' ? Sh© delivered to 'bim «the envelope; he accepted ¡it with shaking hand. He held it, for a moment, ; silently, a haze öeemlng to gather before his ey s. When he-could he ldolced . at ' lt. ? It was yellow .with age.- On it was sormiallhiing'.written; the Ink \- had.grqiwn dim. The wriiting was in that careful .yet unceritain sort which betokens ithe unpractised sorlbe. i. ' ''Let the child have tlhiis, to give Blaise Polhur- ston when she sees him, as ehe will some, day." . That was .what was written on the envelope. As ; he read, he;held his breath. Then Bte opened the envelope, and itpok cut what was within. On a sheet of common paper, written with a bad pen and worse ink, (there was this letter: . ??? ? ! "Dear Blaise,- . ' "Vou've- been very good to me, though'I've been very bad" to you.. , I've always loved you best, though I've been so wicked. -But ^couldn't help It;'he made . me. I believe your mother set him on. But £ know . that's no excuse, so. I'm going to make an-end. I .. know you'll forgive me for having, been so wicked, ' . because I-: know you would forgive me anything. So ? I.want you to help"%the child, IC ever she needs ;nelp which she's sure to, because he'll do nothing, nor give ?;a pennyworth more than he ls forced. I want you 1 to do lt, dear Blaise, for my sake, although she's his. T wish-she was your's, then I shouldn't be doing this, because God knows I love you best, and always have. So I am dear Blaise, In spite of all, Í " Your loving ! '"Helen." That was Ithe latter, a poor screed, after writing which lt appeared that the woman stràightwary went and drowned herself. So that.lt seemed ito be, in more (than, a merely figurative sense, a voice from, the olthler side. This man, with his queer, composite nature, had made of the woman an idol, for whose sake he had esteemed itihe world well lost. He read the latter through, hearing it in her voice speaking lo him, seeing ini it her very soul, ithe very heart of her. After Ithat one reading, the mere words were in- delibly printed on his brain, to keep always in plain sight; and, with them, the message it con- veyed of love, weakness, trust; that coimb! nation of dissonant qualities which had made her what she was.. So that, for the present, the one read- ing waa enough. He gave the letter to the girl. "There," he-said, ".'a my authority to help you." He laid his head on the bare boards, of the deal table, encircling it wifth his arms, so as to conceal his face. He was still, while ühe girl, sltanding cit his side, in har turn read her mother's letter, with on her pretty countenance wonderment wt it large;.' . 