AN INGENIOUS TOY. I arrived at the office late one morn ing and my partner met me. He was a little, excitable kind of man, and now was in a fume of agitation. ' I wish you had been here an hour earlier, Blantyre,' he said; and I paused in the act of hanging up my great coat. Why?' I was too well accustomed to his fussiness to set much store by it, and my query did not express any great interest. His next remark, however, roused me to some purpose. ' Longshore Haven has found a tenant.' 'You don't say so i' His glance followed mine to the t. wall, where hung a view of the country house in question, which had been to t. let for over fifteen years. For that space of time our best efforts had been fruitless. The owner could not afford to live there himself, his profession forbidding it, and the place had been a serious loss to him for many years. Geologists said that in time Longshore Haven would disappear from exist ence, for the sea ran in deeply under S its foundations, honeycombing the sandstone into caves. When the wind and tide were high, the house, from attic to basement, was filled with a sullen roar that was unutterably dreary. No doubt this, and the ' loneliness of its position, had conspired : to keep it unlet. I'm uncommonly glad it's off our hands at last,' I said; ' but I shall not believe it until they are in the house. st Who has taken it by the way ?' Wilder handed me a card, S ' Dr. Gyllimorc-Brown.' H'm ! What's he like, Wilder ?' 'Rather good-looking,' responded my partner ; 'a bit effeminate, perhaps, and dandified, but, as you know, I am not an observant animal. 'When does he want to see the place ?' ' He said it was immaterial; he should certainly take it, as he liked the description. I suggested Saturday; and he said that, or, in fact, any da y would suit him equally well.' ' He seems to have been singularly easy going,' I remarked. ' I must manage to go down with him on Saturday. I'll drop him a line.' There the matter ended. On Satur day at noon I was in the train, en route for the Haven. I had looked out before train started for anyone answering to the description of Dr. Gyllimore-Brown, but failed to see him. No doubt he had missed the train, and would come on by the nex. I knew of a short cut from the station to Long shore Haven; it saved a mile, and when, on nearing the house, I made my way towards a small gate, of which I had a key, and which gave ingress to the garden, I ran against a man who stood looking up at the house. He i was slight and almost boyish in appear ance, immaculately attired, and clean shaven, with very bright, dark eyes. He paused, and looked at me, less we taken aback than myself. ' Mr Blantyre ?' I bowed, wondering at the same time ad how he knew me. ' My name is Gyllimore-Browne.' ' You came by an earlier train than the one we fixed upon ?' He looked blank. ' Earlier ? Oh, no ; we settled x1.20. So you are the delinquent, Mr Blan tyre.' I shook my head. ' Excuse me ; it was re.ao I put in my note.' ' How very stupid of rue !' he ex claimed. 'Now, where is your note. I ought to have it with me.' He took from his breast pocket a dandy little leather case, bearing the initials, ' E.G.B.' That particular note was not there. ' Oh, must have left it in another sty coat l' he exclaimed, an annoyed frown crossing his face. ' But I assure you the figures were 11.20.' nk I let the matter rest, though I knew ,ife I was in the r'ght, as I was anxious to secure a tenant for the Haven. md The house, to my mind, appeared lonely enough to chill an anchorite; but naturally I kept my thoughts to In- myself. Our investigations over, we stood at un- the large window of the drawing-room, looking out to sea. So dreary was the Y. outlook that I trembled for the letting in of the place. The north-easter was blowing, and the waves rolled in, dark grey in colour, tipped with white. I waited anxiously for the verdizt. ' It appears to be just what we want,' he said meditatively; ' yet the house, I,believe, has been unlet for a number it of years ?' 7\. ' Fifteen, I grieve to say.' r- ' And for what reason ?' F 'or no apparent reason. The re p putation acquired by houses is unac n, countable.' m He nodded. The fate of Longshore le Haven was evidently wavering in the e. balance. ' It has the reputation of being haun d ted, so they say down there,' indicating with a neatly gloved finger the direction of the village. He had doubtless killed time by making inquiries. I smiled sarcastically. ' My dear sir, surely----' 'No, no, certainly not,' he inter rupted hastily ; ' and it is, after all, S easy to locate the ghosts. Listen.' The waves were beating up against the rocks with the hollow reverberation ' of a drum. His next words surprised me. 'It will make no difference to my wife; she likes to look at the sea mn all its moods. I will take the place for a . short term-say three years ?' d' By all means.' I was overcome with joy, but dis sembled. ' References ?' He raised his eye brows in plaintive appeal. ' My dear air, 1 could give you hosts of references in Australia, but in England I am a stranger. What is more convincing after all, than £as.d.? Suppose I give you a year's rent in advance, and pay in advance each year Z You have your remedy. Evict us, my dear Mr. Blantyre i 1 promise you to go like aj lamb if funds are not forthcoming.' He spoke with the easy assurance of v a man with a handsome income, and Is assented. t 'The following week Dr. Gyllimore n Browne entered upon his tenancy of I Lorgshore Haven. And for a time IC forgot him. A curious train of events a brought him to my mind, events tc apparently incongruous, but which t? dovetailed marvellouily on later in- ra spection. m One day I mounted a 'bus going in in the direction of Westminster, and sat down behind a lady who was in the act of paying her fare. The voice seemed quite familiar, and thinking it might be a personal fiiend I looked at her more closely. The bacs' of her head and a bit of her profile was all I could catch a glimpse of, for she wore a seal-skin cape with a high-stand ing collar. The atmosphere was :hick and heavy, and every sound close to seemed magnified. As we drew up to t allow a passenger to alight the ticking of a clock sounded distinctly in my ears. It came from the seat in front of me, occupied solely by the lady, and I bent a forward to listen. A moment later she passed me on her way down to the in side of the 'bus, and I caught a fuller e glimpse of her face. It not Gyllimore Browne in woman's apparel it must have been his twin, and the the voice ttoo was almost idential. On getting n out at VWestminister I glanced in at d the 'bus, Gyllimore-Browne's double n did not make one of the ladies seated n within. I looked upon it as a coinci dence and dismissed it from my mind, e until the following day, when on t opening my morning paper I found r it contained an attenmpt to wreck the e Houses of Parliament. The infernal machine was of a curious design, and the police had barely discovered it in time. When the authorities stated that in all probability the attempted outrage had been the work of a woman I put d two and two together and felt half inclined to agree with them. A certain ir amount ot curiosit) and a very genuine )t sense of responsibility, for I had not e insisted on references, impelled me towards the tenants of Longshore Haven. The payment of a year's rent in advance had certainly ensured to them d freedom from molestation for that space s of time I had heard nothing from n them, and Longshore Haven might be burned down for anything I knew to to the contrary. Saying nothing to a soul, I absented te myself from the office and proceeded te by rail in the direction of the Haven. The light of the short winter day was going, and as I hurried along the uneven cliff path I stumbled. The ly next moment I lay at. full length on st the ground, and looking up saw a tall, in masculine woman, clad in a short tweed skirt and Norfolk jacket, -stand: ing over me. Beside her stood . Dr ir- Gilimore-Browne. As .I met his :n mocking glance a sudden icy dread :d seemed to overwhelm me. C '( To what are we indebted for the ir. pleasure of this visit, my dear-"Mr. · Mr Blantyre ? Pray let me introduce id ny wife.' ' Oh, by all means I' responded the g lady in deep acce its as manly as her id attire. Waereupon they both laughed le again. :h I determined to meet them on their .0 own ground. 10 ' If you will kindly allow me to rise,' le I remarked, with what was, no doubt, a It dreary attempt at a smile, ' f shall be n- delighted to dine with you, but I am :. sure you will excuse me if I leave you ss to catch the last train.' I got up as I spoke, and Mrs Gylli more Browne moved a pace back, hut te at the same time I noticed that she negligently fingered the butt end of a revolver which now protruded from her tn pocke:. I walked ahead with the doctor, while his good lady loitered a step or 0\. two in the rear. I dreaded I knew not n- what ! there was a greater degree of menace in their mockery than the most furious anger could have shown. A man- servant opened the door between whom and the doctor a meaning glance x. was exchanged. We passed through e. the hall into a room scantily furnished, while in an adjoining room the table a was laid for dinner. The doctor handed Se me the current number of' Punch,' te and pressed me to sit down in an easy chair by the fire. I recollect reading ,r one joke over and over again without 'n in the slightest degree seeing where the u joke lay, but then my thoughts were busy with thoughts of escape. That w there was something in the establish o ment of the Haven was evident, and my curiosity had led me into a hornet's d nest with a vengeance. I cursed my own folly in keeping my expedition a secret. Longshore Haven was the last place at on.eartn in which anyone would seek o, for me. The doctor and his wife had le left the room, but near the door sat the 1g man, to whom Mrs Gyllimore Browne 5 had evidently entrusted her revolver. \- I half rose to approach him, but sub I sided into my chair on seeing the weapon levelled at my head. I took out a couple of sovereigns and Sheld them up. He smiled contemp tuously, and putting his fingers in his waistcoatpocket drew out three and held them towards me. At this unanswerable argument I \- gave up any attempt at bribery and cor ruption. A moment or two later my host and e hostess entered the room. I fairly C rubbed my eyes and marvelled at my own stupidity. They had reversed char acters. In place of the dandified doctor Sthere swept into the room a slight woman in black silk and lace, with a 1 few good diamonds glimmering at her throat and in her hair. Her bright eyes sparkled with malice as she made me a sweeping bow, indicating at the same time her companion, who, clad in faultless evening dress, made an uncommonly rine looking man. t I hed risen on her entrance and she came close to me, that miocking smile still on her face. 'Didyou recognise me the other day, Mr Blantyre ? But of course you did. A person of your circumspection would not let such a meeting pass unnoticed. Dinner is ready.' She placed her hand on my arm, and I led her to the table. The meal that followed was like a dream. Through all their sneering, studied politeness I discerned danger, though not such danger as later on threatened me. She was beautiful, unscrupulous, and clever. He followed her lead admirably, but his wit was in compari son with her rapier-like sharpness but a clumsy broadsword. They plied me with delicacies, but I did scanjustice to them. d The man waited deftly upon us, and whenever his hand appeared over my . shoulder I had the sensation that it , was a pistol levelled at my head. The meal ended, Mrs Gyllimore- Browne di lighted a cigarettes and passed her di case on to me. I accepted one, lit it, and then looked at my watch, feigning s to start on seeing the time. I had not the faintest notion of how the trains Sr ran so late in the evening, but deter mined, if possible, to run for an imaginary one. 'I must really ask you to excuse me,' I said. ' No you must not run away until you have seen our collection of clock work toys,' exclaimed my hostess smilingly. No. no, I insist ! They arc, I believe unique. The faint stress she laid upon the word clockwork made me start involun tarily. She was leaning forward, her elbow on the table, her cigarettee daintily poised between her fingers. Her husband threw away his cigar end impatiently. Bring a lamp, Burckihardt,' he said to the man, and we passed in single file throught the hall and along a nar row passage beyond. Burckhardt led the way, then came my hostess, while I followed her, shadowed in my turn by the doctor. \Ve entered a large room at the end of the passage, and tne baize door swung heavily behind us, seeming to shut us off inexorably from all communication with the outer world. The windows were placed high in the walls, and as I glanced about me I hardly recognised the room, tor now it bore testimony to scientific pursuits of some kind, while formerly it had been used as a billiard room I followed my hostess, while she showed me with con siderable pride their unique collection of clockwork toys. I listened mechanic ally at first, until it began to dawn upon me that here around me was a collection of the most diabolical contrivances for the wrecking at human life that had ever been devised. She took a plea sure in lescanting upon their powers and mechanism until, strong man as I was, my brain fairly reeled with the horror of it. Anarchy seemed to run riot through the place. My abhorrence must have shown itself, for in a flash her mocking geniality fell away from her, and she turned on me with a fierce glitter in her eyes. ' You came here to spy upon us, and there is only one safeguard against spies. \Ve have shown you our secrets that you asight know how impossible it is for you ever to go back into the world.' There was such a passion of hate in her words that involuntarily I recoiled. Then -f or life is sweet to every man I began to speak. 'I swear'-the words died on my lips. I could not swear to leave their hideous secret unrevealed, even if my life had to pay the penalty. ' Youre anxious to leave us Blan. tyre ? So )ou shall.' He beckoned to Burclkhardt, and the next moment they seized me. I strug gled madly to free myself, but either was an infinitely stronger man than myself and their united efforts soon overpowered me. It is a satisfaction to remember that Burckhardt, even if he escaped after consequences, which is improbable, would always carry about with him the mark of my signet ring. They bound me hand and foot, and carried me to the door, which led, I knew, on to the beach. Mrs. Gylli more-Browne lighted us with a lantern, while in the other hand she carried with great care a small dark object. The keen air smote upon me and cleared my brain, and I saw with cruel distinctness the fate that lay before me. At a short distan:e along the beach was a cave, into which they carried me. I was placed in an upright position, and while Burckhardt supported me his master put a heavy chain round me twice and then padlocked it to a s:aple imbedded in the wall of the cavern. They then untied my hands and feet, and retreated toward the mouth of the cave, while Mrs. Gyllimore-Browne placed the bomb in position with extreme care. She smiled up at me as she measured the distance. 'It is the simplest device, imaginable, dear M. Blantyre; the first wave that touches it-the merest ripple-sets it in motion, and-hey presto t one spy less in the world i' I heard her mocking laughter ring out as she followed the others; I saw the lantern flash once; then I re membered no more. That merciful oblivion was all too short. I regained consciousness to hear the waves lap, lapping on the stones, and as the truth burst upon me I must have gone mad. I tore at the chains till my body felt bruised and aching, and the blood oozed slowly from my finger tips. Then exhaustion brought another phase, and I tried to pray, but my fascinated gaze was always fixed upon the faintly glimmering entrance of the cave, where a small dark object lay outlined against the line of moon flecked water. The words I wanted to say failed me, as I thought Heaven already had. The waves swept in a little closer, each ripple as it came bringing my heart into my throat and making me cower more closely against the wall. Then suddenly there camea blinding, tearing, roaring sound, so deafening in its intensity that the very recks seemed to quake and split. If tell to the ground and lay there while the echoes of the fearful blast died away into silence. I was free in some unaccountable way, and, glancing behind me, I saw a wide fissure down the face of the rock, from which the staple had fallen away. Despite the weight of the chain I ran for a considerable distance along the shore, like a man possessed, and fell in a shuddering heap at the feet of two of the coastguards, who were hastening from the opposite direction. The house and its tenants had vanished from the face of the earth. I was ill for many weeks, so ill that when I recovered the remembrance of the fate of L.ongsho'e Haven had grown dim in the world's recollection. But it will never grown dim in mine. Some times in idle moments, when the thought of that night comes back to me, I wonder how many innocent lives were spared through that most just retribution falling upon the Anarchists. -E. M. J., in Tit-Bits. 