SHORT STORY, O~,Ooo_.,aocOC__@@COOO Some Scottish Ghosts Castles and Manoslos ~nat are Haunted Scotland, the land of deep enthusiasm and poetic feeling, Is essentially a laud of superstition; witness the firm belief of tile peastultry in the weird trnditions of the West 'nod the Highlands, in tile un canny apparitions, foreboders of evil to the family to whom they beloong, nod thplr avoidance of the so-called abodes of ghosts and evil spirits. Nor do they stand alone in their beliefs i among the upper class credence Is given to nmuch that is supernatural, and not without cause, as the history of the nlclent Castle of Gihlmts in Forfiarshire relates. Although the whole house abounds In lltysterious noises and ghostly visitors, one chamber in parl icular is known asi the "HaLnti d RItoonm,'" and access to tllhis fearsome place is onlly hnowtn to Lord Strathmlore, his heir, lnd tihe factor. Tllhere Is no doubt whatever about ilhe .olses; orie night when they vere nmore weird and uneortly than ust tual, tile presenlt Earl, with several chlosen coll palliotns, doterllluned to investigate tile cause, and went to the roolt. Ihardly had Ilst lordship opened tite door, when he fell back swooning. Nor could he ever he perlsuoaded to tell whallt he saw, or even to menlltion the subject. One old story is that during L fetud between the Lindsalys and Ogilvies sotme of the latter clan, in flight front their eneies, besought hlospiblity frolu tile owner of Glanls. tie gave the shelllter in this root ; but, under plea of hiding tilenl, left theml tlhere to starve. It may have been the sight of the ghastly re maintls which startled the Itari, but what ever it was is still a secret. Another story is that of " Earl Patic," celebrated for luany vices, but above tall for that of gamlbling. HIe played continulally, Ihob iobblig with l llis hltnblest servitor, couldl he lnot obtain anlothlltr partnter. tHowever, one "Lord's Day" ilo oU? could be persuadedl to play with him. i The chaplaint heaped alathetb las on tile head of lany one who dared to desecrate the "Sitwbath" by touclllhing the "Devil's bricks," as he dlesignlated cards. -Earl Patio, ratlher tl:ut be thwarted in I his desire, Illvoking the "foul lienl" to be his partner, locked himself inlto his room. The " dell " camle, and then the Iful? was filt ttnd furious; curses, oatths, :aind shrieks terrifled the llllmates, altld (Ithe butler, araver thtan the rest, putting hits eye to the keyhole, lhad It sorely scorchled for Ills curiosity. Thle l,?uo'l, cotning out for a mninute to get 1thl wherewithal to settle up with, returnled only to find tihe roomn ellpty, land tio wllere could any trllce of his gllostly comrade be fotuld. After llis ldenlll, live yeltrs lator, tile sIltne noises were conl stantly heard issulllng from the root and alone the corridors. Allanlbank, tile sent 0a toe tunrrts, is haunted by the ghost of " Peonrlil ;leu." She was the wilfe of the li10st hllloolot, and a F'reuchwolllan, whotlll Ihe llilrJed int Paris and deserted. When retulrning to his native laud sloe atllpelld at the h"last ?momenlt toullld tl ood1 : eood:l auwvllld stood on the tfpro'ew?heel of the cotelh to address hitt, Mllcll Iulllloyt'ed,'l 1 bide the postlillion drive ottil the lady fell, andtt tihe wlleels going die'r hIer head killedl her'. 011 his urlrival.hone, whlleon dtri'ving under thle :arched ent1rance goltola\Vty, Sir Robert suw " 'learliln letlln" sittllg oI the topo, her Ieatl lid shollders c'ovet'ed with blood, IItd for year1 tile rustle of silk and ipatter of Louis XV. heels was heard along the passages. Therlle is plerhipllis tlo mtore nIotoiollus gltost itan the " Alrile 'lrtn Doniert " ; his halunt is till atncienlt stron'ghold, Cor (Iehy Castle, Ielollgling to t1e ItEarls of Aille. WheneIver his drltol Is hoeard those rountd taket it a o surte tol:(ll of 1.le speedy death iof olne of the Ogihlvce famitlly. 'I'lhe origin of thIle story is tihat tite Jdealousy of a formellr lot'li of Airloe was rousted eitler bIy the dtl irulllller o0r the officer whose lmessenger Ite was. In rage Ie thlrust the mtlln Into Ills drunl, and liung hhlll out of tie window,' of the tower in thlicl the Iot to e is uISually hleard. T''he vicltil tithreottned, if his life were take, Itod haunt tile family, antd lie Itas been'f ootod or rat.llher ts Iad n s i his wortl. T'.hie Ilottsic of the haplelss drltllllellr has often beenr healrdl, Slnd quite recently, within tile tmemory of tlhoso livillg; to 1841 before tie delath of l.ady Atllie, and in 18iS-il before, the deathll of the onintlh Eiarl. Slpedli' 'lTower, lnow it rulintedl Border fo'rtreIss, waIIs long lllllunteod by the spirit of ta stiller Otntmeold I'Porteolus, who, being sulspectled of arlsont, twls ibllclce'lto'lted in the dtllltgoont bty Sir Alex. ,ardino. I-llv ing oceasilon to go wntlly t;'OIU hlome, he forgot all abitout lis prisonter, wlno per. Islled of IOtthunger. No stooner watoIs lIo tleand llll n lis ghost Ilegan Illto tormnelt tile falitily, tandl glleo tlllhem no rest night or day. At last, 13y thle -aid of several minlltoler?,, Is tie demon %vts exorCelsed, and ta t ible was placedli Ill It cllie in ills cell. Yelnrs aftetr It wlOs thought necesesllry to lhave the Itllble reboulnll. Accordinhgly it was sent to Edinburl'gh for thlat ipurpose. It hadl notl. been long ot Its way3 before tie glost left its dun geonll, lied over the river to Ithe new hlooe to whllh the ftully.v had recently remlovedl.. lhatledl t0.t :l'orol t nll ll: lls ! W"'' of t` i r lif" i('.Ll11"tl?it ',lg rtw totr?ir and disturbtnllctE Olily thiroughl retourn.o luig t(le Bible to its nlclo in ils old( cono .dltlot wats Porteotllts's reveligefl ghost qollletel, a ll01 ilcllce tIogllt restor'ed. WVoooilouso 1r, lo he Sehlt. of lite F'rtleoer ''Ty'tlers. Is visited by 0h' sitlrit of Lady hla.lmilonh of lolohwelltotogih. iler hlts tllltdl is known ao' the nItllcder'cr of the Itegentol urrlytt Llohollt.too lot h85rt.tonol suro'ely 000 nISonsiU h1 ellolver gl'otIoer ilro voelotion. Knllowll'ig Lor1l' Ilotollu oll tVlts frolt Iltoele, the Itlegetl selzetll lis Iloluos, tuonll'l his wife ilid cllllil otot lnaked into the blobh loefoore otioottn sloe woos to onvling l lotoile, her it' lo t dlotoll. tro-, biblly olil'rdio'elr, tand n0o)w ller tresoIons slioiti loot to ls (lot haoei'e otf lier forotio.r hltillilltess. Part of the b tlllsntlry of thle ol hultllding toots utsotd folr' th' plor'seclt illlnosilol , swhlehlo lI otlit 000 Ihe I'eltlhl itll Illl', four luliles llthtitll frollil the see0il0 of hito' Iril'geody : llitil liut to f 'ew ''enti s ago 1hi i i' lo t t'tles we'i! ot'errillh'1 3 Ily Ilhe aptll i l t it If 0 0idy tolotld it wlilo' ihlol.og t hll I lo Iotr to hht, lio'i showots the Slo'o'li'o is sllho foillofiil to lior old iThe Itvotl 'ry ghisti'l. Il tlntto er t'lt ll. toflutienllotd .to?lrislo'' Ihiloliro't'e' of whclb drivl es tl00 lo tIlh 'ie i of e ohIi t O stll, lo. foore 1100' iOletnosl oof ilt'ly I tinltooieo'' of 01(o Argyll ftii lly, I 10 s ii hll. ol t Iol ti lltle Ilitooss of i0e Itto Dulelioo., lilbot hwo ot h1e se rtl''Olt i. t erry, willie reslll tig whotlot, tottittoiTetl lht' grotil doer of lbh eutrain'e-linII, 0iu0l, 000 Otloetting it, leotoinl notthilg there. . b hortly afteflwn'O'ds they heln'od 'of tile deoth of their tils; tress. Dunvenaun the homo of the Maclead4 1 the oldest Inhabited castle of Scotland, is visited by those delightful spirits fairies. There is still the fairy flag, given centuries ago to the Chief of Macleod by the fairies, and which al. ways brought them victory when they took it into battle. A room in the tower is devoted to them, music and dancing are often heard, but alil vanishes when the door is open.-" Gentlewoman." 