[?] . - ? ! J Many women whose position in i aocitty necesaitetes the poswssicoi of . ui any beautifdl'gowrirare * nowfol. lowing the faehioh Mt- by the Prin cess of Wales in htiving a epeoial room for thei* dresses. ' The hind o{ gowns that aw now worn— those of the fiuffy nature, at any rate — do ' not etand orushihg well, and liow erer Spaoious the wardrobe, delicate; flounces and ruches are opt to get crushed. The dresB-room Is furnished with'polee some six feet from the floor. 'On these dresses aro hnng, suspended by the wooden shoulders whifch ^re so excellent in spreading elrirta, and when used for coata or mantles do away with any possibility of the ugly creases down the back, which always chow that the coat haa been hung up by ihe neck- For eome of the detioately-oDlored gowns enor mous bags of white linen or holland are provided; bnt these most be sufficiently large for the whole length of the train being enclosed without folding. An account of a little interesting little romance, in which two Edin burgh people are the actors, comes from America. After mourning eaoh other as dead for twenty-eight years, Qeorge Burr and Elizabeth Camp bell, who were born in Edinbugh. have been married in Pittsburg. The newspapers say that when Hies Campbell was sixteen years old ahe plighted her troth to young Burr, who waa to have married her when she waa eighteen. The yonng man went to America to make bis way in the world, but somehow his sweetheart's letters never reached him. After the death of her parents Hiss Campbell also went to America. She-saw Burr a name in a newspaper, and writing to tbe address was gladdened by a reply. Last week the tn-o met in Pittsburg after years of faithfulness to each other, and, after a wedding feast, left for Mr. Burr's home in Indianna. It has been onsidorod unlucky to be married in May erer since the days of Orid, and those people who spend their time iu looking up roots and reasons have given what they consider to be tbe origin of the. su perstition as follows: — Iu ancient Some there was held in May a fes tival called tbe Iiemuria, or Feast of the Lemures, whioh was a ceremony in honor of the Speotres of Departed Souls. It became with the Bomans what vie ahould call ' bad form ' to have matrimonial feasts atthe seacon of a eolemn ritual, being no donbt, thought to be an insult to the dead to marry at aucb a time. From this a number of stories grew of the- re. venge taken by the outraged ghost# upon those who dared to disregard them, and if anything unfortonate happened to the couple who had been married in May, it would, of course, have been put dotni to retri bution., So the tradition' of ill-luck arose, and its influence lias lasted ever since, eren to our time. Parasols are this year less fluffy than they have boon in previous years, bnt are no less costly and elaborate, for frills are no more expensive than the rich applications and embroideries now employed. The covering is usually of silk. or satin plainly stretched, but covered with incrustations of lace or guipnre and lace. Embroidered moire covers are also seen. Parasols of plain or embroidered mousseline de soie are not by any means entirely abandoned, however. They are trimmed with ruches, shirring and lace, and are carried with elaborate costumes. There are also one or two bizarre novelties, noticeable because of their oddity, but hardly to be reckoned as a' fashionable influence. Among them may be mentioned a parasol covered . with a large plaid Bilk, hav ing blue and white bars on a straw ground. In tbe middle of each square is a cbou of white mousseline de soie, with a gold button in the centre. Another novelty is the circular covering, which is all in one piece instead of being outin breadths with a seam down each rib. Some society women spend an enormous amount on their boots and shoes. The manager of a London West-End shop stated recently that several of their customers spend £50 to £70 a year on foot-gear. Valu able laces, embroidering, and bro cade are often employed for slippers, and not infrequently a pair of boots will cost ae much as a good gown. The ultimate destination of good boots and shoes is frequently the toilette shop. After a proper pre paration, combs and brushes ere made from the old leather, besides buttons and other useful articles. Even Prnsfion blue is msnufacturod j from cast-off boots and shoes. 