[?] SOCIETY LETTER. W"f „r »«.ln groat day last Satur- certainly met Greek at the racecourse, which was look- «®tte r. Lst_from a spectator's point o£ iDgiar") for the players, I ,i.Ar too sott tor our New Zealaud I inl Victorian team consisted of I " Mr Manifolds and Mr. Hood, and II toioug me liouor and glory of defeat- 1 1,1 that has succeeded In teaching fc?a Ta lot of things about polo. Oddly W'h most of the sympathy seemed to he '"ift'eXcwZcalandera, and when Victoria 2 ,«leto victory the applause was_to till)'— 'ha""!' There were as many SlV as 1 have ever seen at a polo St ,»,! the popularity of the game Is "l r ilf on the Increase. You can hardly „lr»t It when the play is anything tip- rmctins first class. There are no long waits !!j none of the dragglag iatervnls you occa- rJ„r get at race meetings, and you ZZj, t„ teep your eyes glued to one spot ,, He irritating way cricket demands. Very 'hi,,! afternoon tea wits provided hy'thc viuuic I'olo Club. The day wus too: nun (or sinart winter clothing, but ill spite pile fact that the majority of gowns' had tome Ihc burden aud heat of morel than 'one, t; tie scene was a pnrticulnrly gay 'oiic.: The majority of women had elected to /curry Iriaht sunshades, and that always saves the station from a spectacular poltit pf.viet?. Among those out were Lord. ' end Lady gpoey, Mrs. l'akenham, Lord/ Richard/ Ne- tf| Lady Madden, Miss L. Maddeili . Col.' gig-M, Miss IllundDll, Miss Kva Itobert- rMlssMcln, Mrs. and Miss D'Ebro, Mr. clMiU-'nlrbalui, Mr. and Mrs. Cave, Mrs', totelejr, lllss Harrow, Mrs. J. T. Leui- pm, the Misses (lutlirlc, Miss Fcnner, Mr. Bt:l lllss Fmiton, the Misses Letnpriere, Mr., Ii:-1 Mrs. Brett, Mr. uud Mrs. , Sylvester cm.Mthtte. Dejardltt, Mr." and. Mrs. J. I tshome, Mr.' and Mrs. F. Sargood, Mr.' A. I EStgwl and Mrs. Ityau. I lie opening meet of the Melbourne Hunt B thl it lo be at Itaiifurlle, ; Mri ' Iiiibxls ittli; place at Glen Iris, on Snturiljiy;/ tbe B 'tl, so tve will probably have little more Bpblorsomo time to come. v" / - S tilt rose, according to her way- of thliik- H kg, superior to us and polo, by gdlug 'to Mall-Hall's concert ouVSatui:driy':i:aftor- 1 r:: Ilcre was a very good attendance, id tie entertainment proved"' almost -em fctl's one. Kate Insists tbat :t;cycryoneV H nt there— you kDoiv what these . 'musical feglsire— and won't believe for u monicnl HthtwcMa- several Individuals'. tvbo ctH'tnlui Hj leant themselves as component: parts of "ttHfooe" elsewhere. I will tell yon who mat the concert, though, and thnt Avas Hjfawailo Jack's wife, looking very; pretty Bel tiidellke In a coat and skirt oL light w-wdoted coating. I rcmnrk''pu!'£et';pte-' Btxr, because' sbe Is one of the only; women fl ban trlto has seen fit to supplement a BteU-iS or mouse-colored coat with a' skirl >KW.'Yon would hardly beileve'.wliat 'Kg of tan coats there Is abroad jus t;now- utjntedvery careful waking,; and It -Is Wyy hy atty means who eah' wear Bra tjth good effect. Naturally i fl . h hist thing taken liito 'nitration. Fashion .has! decreed/ HjJ !l"" be Worn, uritl e; presuw- BTLLiic llln,ler euds. If you can't Wh a tailor or n ilrst class dress jfl. r' ctc Is always "our gnluea eoat" by Sfh't'hody. . Ifvwas rhot ;t for you, and jn splto' of any -'aiteratldiis H. 's Hkcly to remain . patent ©trlilcal observer, it luny-udtsultyoii 4 tat since Mrs. Tom, Dick aiid 'Harry »ltenue boat, that heed reaily.efali- you. are being entertained fi|J J » production of . The, Sporty Botvi,1'!?,0 1,rlut'CBS's on Saturday. night, Bklj nre to he some /tableaux H-,-'.,"..1 Iu Ibclr way, and something M aUogin the way of ballets.'; OMriils BBi- ' ' oux'vcr- I slnill go as soon as Hfe'i r#r 3M<-'lal behalf— kind of me, be to,u all lt fBl:: ,t:1 s o t beJircs, my dear, ; ami Wine last Satur- ilkDilnl s4ru<:k" an Hem quite as lice lain5, t" thC W"-whlch Is w'hnt (,,,1,7, "80lf wouid rmnnrk as "«ll nml'll0 <"llr' You know tbcrc 1 17 W>' be ",ras" before you r. 'end ',n 8 ""leeltase hi the « the a C0Ur3 o£ 4 ''Is lMtuL. Performed that !« nm,7W,rt'llfr0m so»y oxperl- ,n ""d Wellington, "dolug" tilenirred nei'obiitic e- :,«s«nsMoiMC51_StnB 3oclioya 11 I'jrl, ,ni before the horses In ' b'orcd ,junr)V versa' as ln other """PParea ,!"8"-101' fl"oe' and the Needle.®, t1le wrae for Its snu»arr0mri|,It' tUe ordluai'y t"1"1'! rlml 8 ,10t wanting to . bteprobntt. tllc s'tua'tlon. that op notiC(!d 'be usual lack of ,.araeterlac« the so-called "'"Wrstittn,115' You would have em ruled out w'Wenr !!1' J10w to muke wed- "i'oss1hle." Such , e» however, and tnore tnan one bride has declared quite emphatl- ccitly against being m'arited this month. It will do yon no harm to learn that this euper- stlblon conies down to us.from the ancient Greeks. They celebrated n feast to the dead In May, and. It seems that on several occa sions when the- smart set of those days thought to brenk the monotony hy ltnvlug a Pfttle cntertalnmenit .of a more cheering na ture, the spirits of the departed rose ln such emphatic protest against these proceedings that all sorts of little unpleasantnesses arose. Ghosts were ghosts in "the days when the world was wide," and if bltey didn't got things quite their own way they entne along with plagues, earthquakes, and- sundry oTher trifles to teacrii offending mortals manaers. As a natural consequence, i't would have been a daring bride tlrat would have braved their wrath, and though spi rits sire not credited with such "bounce" nowadays, there scctns to be no breaking down the ohl superstition.'.'' Earl Ueancliainp's flying visit was not de void of" Interest, which is not' to lie wou- dered at considering wliilt a very presentable young man the" Now Soiitb "IVales Governor Is. :lt , "was rusli of the Hlmnlny.il to arrive quite so early. os she did. It Is no fun mect- lng; tbo; most clnsslc featured Individuals at 7.!10 'a.m.', "at tlils seasrin of the year. Villi Earl Ileauehiimp is his aunt, the Dowuger Lady Raglan, and bis cousin, the Hon. Violet Somerset. /.'Besides these there Is the Hon. Kertliii Wllbriiham, tlie Hon. R. 11. Lindsay (of the 2nd Dragoon Guards) aud Mr. Wil fred Sniltli (the Grenadier Guards). Mr. .Victor Corkrim is private .secretary. Tilings should 'certainly . hiiui In Sydney soek'ty In existing cireuiiistaiiees, ns.lt Is only once In a way siieii a hatch ofdlstliigulsbed visitors arrives on our shores at once. ' Lord Richard Nevill mot the steamer on iier ; arrival, and ' after breakfast the party went lip . by. special train to Melbourne iind on to'". 'Gpv)n- ;mcntv.House.';;;After',.p.. being culcrialned there, the . sights of the city were ex- liibiicd. / This worked : both wnys. The city got lis o.ivii ylewof the "royal progress" aud the royal progress got its view of the city.; The;i)arty, was accorded a gcnlal send off on 'Tuesday aftcrnooii, and the reception in Syd- ney/'prouiises-l-ns I \vrlte— to be a most sue- "eessful affair. It will he aiicieiit history by .the tiaie this comes to your hands. ;. Miss lilary Irene, tlio oldest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Albert Miller, Is to be married to . Mr. George Russell, at St. John's Chiirch, Tooralt, on Tuesday, Oth June, nt 2 o'clock. At the>MasonIe Hall ou /Wednesday even- Irig, Lord Brnssoy was Ins'thlled as Must Wor- shipful Grand Master of the United Grand /Lodge of Vletorln; Mr. A. J. l'encoek, as Pro-cirniid Master; iind Mr. Geo. Baker, as Deputy-Grand Master. The. Investiture of the.' grand lodge /officers for the year took placo in the large room nt the " hall. It had been arranged that the ceremony woiild bo per formed by the Grand Mnstcr of South Aus tralia, Chief Justice /Wnj',; hut owing to ill health lie could not attend, anil Mr. C. Mnr- tiii, I'ast Gniud Master of. Victoria, officia ted. After the ceremony there was a banquet. Oh Friday night Lord Brnssey gave a Masonic dinner at Government House to nil past it it (I present grand lodge officers of Vic toria; 'the worshipful mnstors of every lodge lit Victoria and their ladies. About 1201) giiesls were present. The University, ball, to be held on Friday evening, 20tli lns't., In'tlio rrnlirnn town ball, will bo under the distinguished pntrounge iind In the presence of his Excellency the Govefiior and .Lady Brnssey, Sir John and Lady Mnd.deu, Sir Henry and Lady Wrlxon, Sir Hartley aud Lady Williams, Sir Charles and Lady Ilolled Smith, Mr. Justice and Mrs. a'Ue'ckett, Mr. Justice and Mrs. Hodges, the Attoruey-Gcncrnl and Mrs. Isaacs, his W or al, lp the Mayor of Melbourne and Mrs. M'Eiithnrn, &e.; The large committee of ladles and gentlemen,' consisting as ' It i docs, of muuj' prominent per sons la Uuiverslty and social circles, should, ensure the" TilMCSs of this ball. A charity bail, uuder the patronage of Mr. A. Dcnkln, the mayor nud councillors of the town of Essondou and mayor and coun cillors of tho town of Flomihgton;! was hold la the town hall, Mooueo Ponds, on Friday, 101b May. Tho proceeds are ln aid of tho Essendon Ladles' Benevolent Society. An address was given hy Miss Cutlibert- sou, at the Prnhraii town hall, on Wednes day evening, the 17th, on Factory Legisla tion as It Affects Women. The address was followed by n discussion, considerable In terest 'being displayed In both proceedings. 'At the Protestant Hall, Russell- street, on TFrSSTd'lnstTrtbe'frlciids'nud those usso- elated In business with Mr. S. A. Palmer, 45-47 Bourke-street, will tender Mm a com plimentary bauquot and ball, as a birthday recognition and a farewell demonstration prior to his departure on a business tour through New South Wales and Queens land. ..... , The Kleld Naturalists Club of \ Ictorlfl held their conversazione at the Athcnteum on Thursday and Friday. About the Masonic reception at Govern ment House on Thursday evening, I will have more to tell you next week.-Sluceraly 