THE STORYTELLER. THE TROTTING COB. BV WANDERER. ^ly "word! it'e a great, uight for rain," exclaimed old Ben Jirowniow, returning ironi the verandah whither lie had gone to inspect the weather, and closing the door behind him. "A week like this and all the stcek routes -will be open again, even the 'Old Man Plain.' I think it's a fair thing that we should celebrate the breaking up of the drought. What do you say, boys, I know I'll be glad enough to get a start again." A murmur of assent rose from the circle gathered around the fire in the comfortable pariour of old Tom Mostyn's hotel at Dublx>, where six or "seven of us drovers had been enjoying an enforced "spell" for some months, praying and cursing by turns as each succeeding day brought a fiercer heat »na a brassier sky. Row, however, the change had come in earnest, and the rain had poured down steadily for some hours, turning the air so raw and chillv that our gonial host had ordered a lire to "be lighted lor our especial benefit. Ben's motion bang earned unanimously the "priest's" bottle jvas called for, and-we drank with unction to grass and water, and plenty of it." 1 don't know wny it is," continued old Ben, setting down his empty glass, "but this night, and the sound of the drip, drip outside reminds me forcibly of the time I eaw thi Trottin' Cob."^ "1 tie 'iiotting Oob?" I interrupted, "what cob do you mean? Surely there's more than one animal of that description in Australia." Ben looked at me pityingly, while two or three of the others laughed. "The youngster's green, Ben," said Tom n ilson. "You must remember he hasn't been on the road as long as we have. Most likely hes never been through by old Smith's and the Pine Kidge." . "Bless my soul!" exclaimed Ben, "I thought every drover in the island had heard of the Black Swamp and the Trottin' Lob, but it appears 1 was wrong." "' 1 ou can't expect a man to know everything at once," 1 replied; "and, besides, nearly all my work has been done m Queensland. I've only made one trip down tins way. Wkit's the yam about the Black fcwamp?" "ijo on, lien; out with it," said George Morgan, a big, bluff, goo a hearted Cornstalk; "I've never heard the rights of the iliair myseh. I mind an old bloiie pitcliin' about it when i was a ldd; but I've heard two or three different tales since, i'ou ought to Jutow the real strength of it." "I'ou bet your Jile 1 just no," answered Ben. "I'm not likely to forget it either. I've had some pretty- lively scares in my time, but 1 never felt my hair liftin' my hit oil, before or since, the way it did that :uy,ht. 1 know I wouldn't camp at the Biack Swamp again—no, not for all the rice in China, borne men '11 tell you they heard the cob trottin', but 1 seen him— aye, and seen what he carried. But hold ' on a bit, i d better start at tne beginning. "it must have been close on twenty-five years ago that 1 first took cattle across li-om ±j.ay to Deniliquin. Things were a bit . better then so far as feed an' water, went. Tne country wasn't stocked so heavily, and a man could get a mile or two from the road without havin' a Jackeroo galloiiin' after him, threatenin' to lag him for not lceepin' within his bounds, i had a thousand head of store bullocks from Mount Cornish—grand cattle they were, too, just in prime condition for travelling neither too fat nor too poor. They were steady, too, able to do their fifteen or twenty nine a day if necessary, an' yet easy blocked if you weren't in a nurry. My colonial! those were the tunes when a man had a chance ot makiiv a bit. i had 3=. 6d. a head lor those builoeks, an' half my horses found. They'd want you to take 'em for a shilling sow, and be glad to get 'em. (.Most contract droving is done at so mucii per bead per hundred miles.] i never remember havin' easier times on the road than 1 had tiiat trip. The bullocks were broke in that well that all you had to do, if you wanted to wheel them, was to ride to the wing and t.i'g out, an' you'd tee them turn in just hit old workers. ' 1 had no trouble even swiminin' them across the lliver at iiourke, although she was luniiin' pretty etrong. 1 just brought tutai up nice an' quiet, steadyin' the lead myself, an' when 1 rode old Quart-pat into the stream an' swam him across, they never hesitated a minute, but followed me like so many dogs. Ihe day alter we crossed 1 lost one of my best men. lie'd been aiiin' a bit lor some time, an' the we it in' brought hack an attack of lever and ague that he'd caught out in the Gulf country the year betore. 1 was real sorry to j.ai i. with Him, but the poor chap couldn't even iide in the dray, so i had to leave him behind and engage another man in his place, it wasn't easy to lind one either. Wages were good and stockmen scarce, and, as you ail know, 'unless a man thoroughly understands bis work he's worse than useless with cattle. It's different with sheep; any fool can drive them." Old Ben's voice as he said this was full of the scorn which every true wielder of the stockwhip looks upon the "woolly stockman," the driver of the iowly but useful "monkey." "Well, I searched all the pubs without findin'- any one to suit me, an' was just thinkin' I'd have to go on shorthanded, when an ugly blac-k-a-vized cove comes up to me and asks me if i didn't want a man. I didn't like the look of inm at all, but tliere was no mistake he was ail right among stock. I c-ouid tell that by the cut of him, without iiskin' questions. He was very particular about the route I intended to take; wan ted to know if I couldn't go some other track than that across the Old Man Plain, an' when I told him that I wouldn't alter my plans just to suit him he hesitated as if he'd half a mind not to take the job. He had good reasons for wishin' to avoid the Black Swamp, but 1 didn't know them till afterwards. He was 'stony, 1 however, had been on the spree in the township for over a month, an' had that many dogs tied up" —Anglice—Had contracted so many debts —"that he couldn't pass a pub without one of 'em barkin' at him, so at last he made up MF mind to chance it and come with me. You see, the Black Swamp was a long way o£f,- and the dogs were close handy, an' I've always found that a small danger near by scares a man a heap worse than a much greater one some distnee from him. We got along bully after leavin' Bourke, an' the new man, Bill East, he called himself, turned out a reg'iar treasure. He was always the first to catch his horse of a morning, an' the last to leave the mob at night. You'll notice that no matter how good the general run of Etockmen are, most of 'em are always in a hurry to set to the camp of a night, but Bill East never left the cattle till the horsetailer came out to lake charge, even if be to wait half an hour. In spite of all this, however^ he was no favourite. I tried to reason myself out of my dislike towards him, but' it was no use. 1 simply couldn't abear the man. As for the rest ot the boys they wouldn't even speak civil to him, jin' used to threw out all sorts of slurs at him, till at last, one daw he took the biggest raan among 'em by the scruff of the neck, an' gave^ him the father of a jolly good hidin'. They let him alone <:ftcr that, an' he returned the compliment. 1 don't think he spoke a dozen words to anybody but myself for the rest of the trip, or, at least, till he left us. I didn't want him to talk to me either, bat I forced myself to listen, because I really thought I was doin' the man an injustice by dislikin' him so. 1 was curious, too, to know why he always harped on the same subject. If he spoke to me twenty times a day, it was always to try to persuade me to get my wnv-lill altered. an' take some other track than t'nut across the 'Old Man plain.' He kept tellin' me that I'd be sure to lose half the bullocks on that long dry stage from Hay to the Swamp; said that he'd been across there with one man who had a terrible time, and so on, but I felt quite sure that, it wasn't the cattle he was thinkin' about, or my pocket eituer. There • was some mystery connected with the Black Swamp that ]?ast had had a share in, of that I was certain, an', even if I had considered it wiser to avoid that particular piece of country, I would still have held on my course, if only to get to the bottom of the business. Besides, I had got word from old Johnny Pon-est, who happened to be down that way at the time, that there was a splendid green shoot all along the track, an' the weather bein' <-ool, I knew the bullocks could do the sixtv miles without water quite easy. "VV'hen East found it was no use trviu' to persuade me, he left off talkin' altogether, an' took to thinkin' hard instead. He would ride along all day, doin' his work inechanicallv, his black brows knit in an oveilastin' scowl, an' mutterin' cuss-words io himself that were enough to reuse the hide off a two-year-old Mickey. Oh, he took the buu for 'language,' I tell you. At last we reached Haw an' J->.st asked me to let hi in go into "the town thin to buy some things. I noticed that he had caught lus own horse lihat morning, an old neuay he set great store bv. an' it struck me that if 1 let him ™ lie wouldn't come back 1 wouldn't have cared much only for that big dry stage; but when a man has fifty miles to do without a drink, he don't want to be short-h.-mded, so I reckoned it was safer not to let East leave ttie camp. "'If you want anything. Bill,' I says, I'll get it for you when I'm gettin' my waybill signed. By-the-by, what are you ridin old Blackthorn for to-day? Are your other horses knocked upi' 'Oh no,' says he, 'but I nKe to give the old croc a turn now an' again. If 1 didn't, he'd get that fresh a man 'd want to be a , stiekin' plaster to sit on him. He kin root a town down when he likes." " I wasn't quite satisiied with Bill's explanation, but as he did not press tlie point about gettin' into Hay, I let it go at that. We got across the dry stage all right without losin' a single head, and, on tlie third afternoon, sighted old Smith's snauty, an' the belt of lignum that marked the swamp. I blocked the lead about two miles from the water, an' strung 'em into it as quiet aa you please; no rushin' or boggin'; no more trouble than if they'd had a drink every hour, instead of bein' nearlv three days without one. As they spread out on tihe flat ' -> other side of the swamp, Bill l£ast rides up to me—I noticed he kept close to me all that day—an' says— " ' You're not goin' to camp here to-night, Boss, are your' " ui course I am,' I said, uow much farther do you want them to go? Are you frightened you'll see a ghost here, or what? What in the blazes is the matter with you man? Hold up, or you'll be breakin' your neck,' an' 1 grabbed him by the arm just as he was fallin' over his horse's smoulder. " 'It's—it's nothin" he gasped, strugglin' to regain his self-control; "only an ugly ain 1 get at my heart sometimes. I'd : all right—in a minute.' "I said nothin' but like the sailor's parrot, I thought all ihe more. I began to sussect that it was something worse than mere mystery that East had been mixed up in at that camp, but 1 was far from imagining the truth even then. "The day wore on, an' the bullocks seemed quite contented, some of 'em beginnin' to lie down long before campin' time. East kept riciin' round, always on the side farthest from Smith's, just as if he wished to avoid being' seen by any one at the shantv. he was calm enough outwardly, but the unusual pallor of his face, and the wild hunted look in his eves, told a tale that any man might read of the agitationactual fear 1 put it down for—that possessed his mind. As it was gettin' dusk we let the cattle draw on to the camp, as pretty a piece of ground as you could find in a day's journey, an' I told the boys to let their horses go, while 1 rode round myself steadying the mob till the iiorsetailer was ready to come on watch. After supper all hands turned in at once, bein' iretty well knocked up by the past three ays' hard work, but East had hardly laid his head on his pillow before he was up again, fully dressed, boots, spurs, and all. I was sittin' by the lire, makin' some entries in my diary, when he came an' squatted down beside me. " 'Why don't you go an' have a sleep, man?' 1 asked. 'You don't go on watch till 2 o'clock.' " 'I can't sleep here,' he answered with a shudder; 'for that matter, none of us'll sleep much to-night. The cattle won't camp here; there'll be a rush before midnight, you see if there won t. I've got old Blackthorn tied up, with the saddle on him, to be ready for it.' " 'You must be mad,' I exclaimed. "What's goin' to make them rush? Their bellies are full, the night's clear, and there's not a better camp in New South Wales. Go to bed an' have a snooze, or you'll be goin' off your dot, as sure as my name's Ben.' "lie shook his head. 'Wait a while,' he said; 'you'll find out I'm not talkin' through the back of my neck. There, do you hear that?' As he spoke there came to our ears a terrified lowing from the cattle, mingled with the hoof beats of a galloping horse, and presently we heard the horse-tailer's voice, raised high in wrath, pouring out a volley of abuse on some straggler, while the rattle of his stockwhip sounded like a discharge of musketry. "It's only a beast tryin' to sneak off for another drink,' 1 said, as the bullocks seemed to quieten down again. "They'll be all right now.' " 'It's not time yet; just about midnight he'll come,' muttered East, starting, and glancing quickly over his shoulder. " 'Who's "he?" ' 1 demanded. 'You are ratty, right enough. If you're not goin' to bed, 1 am. Take my advice an' do the game.' "He never answered, but sat with his arms clasped round his knees starin' into the tire, so I left him, ana in ten minutes he was sound asleep. "It must have been about half-past 11 when the shouting of men and the roaring of cattle woke me. 1 flung the rug aside and sprang to my feet. There were the bullocks racing round an' round, ringin', in fact, while Frank Adams galloped on ihe outside, yeliin' like a maaman, his whip riiiu' au' fallin' like the pendulum of a clock. All the others were up ioo, runnin', cach witii his bridle, to catch their horses, while East stood still beside the lire, tremblm' like a leaf, with old Blackthorn's ran over his arm. In live minutes 1 had my own horse caught and saddled, an' was out to lend a hand. East hadn't stirred till then, but as soon as 1 mounted he did the same, art' followed me like my shadow. Frank was workin' like a Trojan, an' 1 i'elt sure that when we all got out we'd quick steady the bullocks; but we might as well have tried to stop a tornado. In spite of us they kept edgin' away from the swam]), an' at'last, just on the stroke of midnight, with one mighty roar they broke clean away from us, an' legged it across the plain as if the devil was after them. I turned to East, who still galloped beside me, aiv yelled savagely:— i 'There's some internal black WOIM behind this, and you know all about it. Tell mo what it is, or by ° "A scream such as one would imagine as being forced from a lost soul bust from his livid lips. Beining Blackthorn back almost on his haunches, he pointed towards , the swamp, his eyeballs starting from his head, and the sweat pouring down his ghastly cheeks. " "Look! look 1 .' he cried, 'he's coming! See the trottin' cob! An' lock at his head! Oh God! the head that I cut oil an' buried in the swamp! Don't let him catch me! Ah, 1 see the fires waitin' for me! Come away! come away!' an' wheclin' liis horse, he struck the spurs home an' was off like the shot from a gun. "I could see nothing, an' was turnin' to follow the cattle, when my hur.se began to tremble m every limb, prickin' up his ears an' snortin' with terror. Then I heard comin' towards me the peculiar regular hoof beats of a fast trottin' horse, an' the nest moment 1 saw. 'I here, not twenty yards off, was a bob-tailed cob. trottin' like Maud S., and ou his back a man, but what sort of a man? My blood froze as I looked, for I could see clean through both cob and rider, and, as the ghoul ly pair came nearer I saw that the man's head, instead of vest ing on his shoulders, was carried before him on the pommel of the saddle. I waited to see no more. One sight like that ought to satisfy any ordinary man. 1 know it was quite enough for me, anyhow, an' I don't think old Quart-pot ever got over the ground so last before or sines as he did that night. - "Next morning East was miesin'. an' it wasn't till after some time that I learned what had really taken p';ace «it that iilfated camp. It appeared that East and a few mere were comin' across there in the early days with a raoh of rattle, an'" when they reached the Black Swamp they murdered t~e bass, cut on his he:ul, an' planted the remains in the mud. The cob that the murdered man was ridin' got away an' went right back to the Queensland station from wluch he tame, and :t was through him that Easi an' his mates were caught. Thej escaped on the charge of murder, but were sentenced to long terms for eattle stealiu', an' East had not long been released when he joined me at Bourke. It's a solemn fait, as most of you know, that cattle will not camp at the Swamp since, no matter how you try to keep them. 1 heard that East died some years ago on the Lachlan, an', qucsr enough, old Blackthorn died the very next day. By Jingo! I'm thirsiy; I haven't t.alked ?o m'je-h for years." "It's all right," said old Tom Mostyn. "You deserve a drink after that yarn. Thete are mine." "I'll get Jack Spratt to make that belt to-morrow, Ben.'" broke in Morgan. "There's no mistake you're the man to wear it. You're the champion ritriir enoiigii." "The next time I tell duffers like you a true story, there'll be two moons in the sky," retorted old Ben. "Here's to the weather." The toast was duly honoured, and shortly after most of us were between the blankets, the gentle rushing murmur of the rain singing us a welcome lullaby. 