THE SOHCOL MAID AND HER FATHER. ..... Girls are generally oredited' with being more dutiful than their brothers to the wishes of their parents ; probably maternal influence is responsible for this. Boys— school hoys at any rate — are pretty well all tarred with the same brush, their first step iu the direction of. strik ing for liberty not infrequently amounting to playing truant from school, or " wagging it," as it is frequently termed. Whatever the early offences of young ladies may he, they have rarely been, charged, with that .of playing truant. As an instance of obedience to paternal wishes may be quoted the following : — Miss Alice Marnor is . the daughter of Mr George Marnor, of " Laming- ton," Victoria Road, Auburn. Miss Marnor had- been very ill, and upon returning from Rchool she experienced a continued languid feeling that made her. uiost miserable. In the course of con versation: with a reporter sho said " Father took me to. see a doetor, and he said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to: exert myself. .- As I had no inclination to do so, there' wbb no fear of my disobeying this order, and I took the 'quinine tonic' given me with; regularity. Then I commenced to feel acuto' pains in my shoulders and hack, and at night II could scarcely get any rest." . " We; tried everything to induce Bleep," in terposed Mr Marner," but it had no effect ; then I consulted a well-known Collins-street practi tioner. ' Ho said my daughter was suffering principally from weakness, and udvised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queens land,, but she returned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in tho morning ; and food taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh and became a mere ghost." "This time last year," said Misa Alice, I weighed 7st 31bs, now I am 9st 71bs. . " A great iniprovemont ; your treatment must have been bohofioial 1" " No ; all the medicino I got did me very little good; Actually Dr Williams' pink pills for pale people deserve that .credit.- Just before the Jubilee holidays last year, father bought me a box . of ,Dr Williams' pink pills at Mr Pleasahco's, Chapel-street, Prahran. I had heard so much of the beneficial changes which they ; had : produoed in others, that I obeyed father's wishes that I should be careful to follow tho direotions. I am glad to say that they did me so muoh good. that I continued with them. It is a long time sinco I discontinued taking them, and 1 am now as healthy as anyone could wish." "And you would recommend theml" ' Yes ; and that strongly loo /.said Mr Marnor, " had I known of Dr YVillintns' pink pills two years before, it would have saved me one hun dred pounds. A perusal of the foregoing must, have shown you that Dr Williams' pink pills for (pale people accomplish cures ufter other remedies have failed. They did in Miss Mnrner's : ease. For rheumatism, iufluonzn, bronchitis, pneumonia, sciatica, lumbago, gone- ral weakness, oto., givon a fair trial, they never disappoint. Avoid substitutes and get the genuine pills with all ' seven words—Dr Wil liams' pink pills for pale pooplo— printed in rod ink on white outside wrapper. Of chemists and storekeepers, and the Dr Williams' Medicino Co., o/o Rooko, Tompsitt and Co., Flindors- stroot, Melbourne ; six boxes fifteen and three pence, one box two shillings and nineponco, post paid. These are the pills which cured Miss Marner. Tho American jockey 'Tod' Sloan, who is noted for his oxportiiess in getting smartly away from tho pest in llu» races in which lie rifles, has been reported by tho starter to the English Joe- key Club fordisobrdience at the post lit Sundown. As a' 'result of Hie investigation which was held Sloan "has boon (suspended for an indefinite poriod. " ' " 