A VISIT TO' "-LAMINGTO ." ,A contemporary publishes an interest ing account of a visit which one of its staff paid. recently to Mr. George -Marner's 'residence, " "Lamington," Victoria-road (Victoria.) Upon arrival the visitor was received by Mr. Marner himself, who had many noteworthy things to say concerning himself and daughter, which the energetic pressman soon turned into copy. "I thought I would lose my daughter, Miss Alice," said Mr Marner to the reporter; "she was overgrowscin lher Strrngth. Medical men could do nothr ing for her" Here Miss Marnerentered and quickly told how Dr. Williams' Pink Pills had saved her from death and disaster. "I commenced,' some two years ago, to feel very ill after returning hu-me from school," said she. "I did not feel sufficiently unwell to take to my bed. but experienced a continued languid feeling that made me most miserable. Father took me to see the doctor, and le said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so, there was no fear of my disobeying this order, and I took the "quinine tonic" given me, with regularity. Then I commenced to feel acute pairis in my bach and shoulder:, and at night I could scarcely get any rest." "We tried everything to induce sleep," interposed 3Mr. Marner, "but it had no effect; then I consulted a well known Collins Street practitioner. He sail my daughter was suffering princi pally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mot er took her away f..r a trip to Queensland, lut she returned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in the morning; any food taken could not ha kept down. She lost flesh and became a mere ghost." "This time last year," sail Miss Alice, ' I weighed 7st. 3ibs., now I anu 9st. 71bs." "A great improvement; your treat ment must have been beneficial?" "No; all the medicine I got did tme verylittlegoorl. ACtual'y, Dr. William's Pink Pills for Pale Peonle deserve that credit. Jtust before the Jubilee holidays, father brouglht me a box of Dr. William's Pink Pills, at Mr. Pleasance's, Chalpel street, Prahan; they did me so much good that I continued with them. It is a long time since I discontinued taking them, and I am now as healthy as anyone could wish." "And you would recommend them?" "Yes; and that strongly too," said Mr. Maruer, "had I known of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills two years before; it would have saved me a hundred pounds." The tonic properties of Dr. Williams' Pin'r Pills build up the constitution, strengthen the system. enrich the blood. and improve the brain. They are a certain cure for indigestion, ailments arising from heat pimples, skindiseases. liver and kidney troubles, biliousness, anaemia, sleeplessness. rheumatism, lumbago, loss of physical strength, neuralgin, all female irregularities, debility. sick headache, loss of vital forces, &c.; Obtainable from chemists and dealers, or from Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, c'r Rocke, Tomp eitt & Co., Flin lero Street, Melbourne, who will forward six boxes for 15s 3d., or one box for 2s 9d., post frea. Beware r.f poisonous imitations, sold at greatly lower price than the genuine pills. Insist upon seeing the fill name, Dr. Wi!liams' Pink Pills for Pale People, on each box purchased. Imita tions are most dangerous. 