Naboth's Vineyard By the author of 'The Web of Life.' CHAPTER XVII. This mad passion for Mary had well niuh driven every thought from his mind. ; He knew it was madness. But it was I the fiisi lime love had tome into his lifr, and it 'was stronger than reason, stronger even tl an his proud . self-will. He bad 1 f worn 'o liimseJf nnver to speak to her ol i ; yet 00 w lie bad said words. which would pet haps Veep her away from 'Wych- cutr. Yes, he was. mad. How had be I daie — he— a ruined man with his mother' and sister and, worst of all, his father de pendent upoo him — 'o speak to her of bis love ? Of course, be was not such a fool as to ask for anything in return. Of course, he knew that even if she could descend from the heights where he bad enthroned her and give him an atom of regard it was wildly impossible to dream of more. But now, perhaps, be had oflended her and lost the one joy of bis life— the possi bility of seeing, bearing, touching her when a kind fate gave him tbe chance. There was a heavy crop of bay, and Paul was determined to bave one field cairied before nightfall. He suddenly discovered that his father was not there and angrily guessed that because he had not been at hand to take him back to work, be had gone to tbe Red Lion. With savage energy he hoisted an enormous load of hay upon his fotk, and pitched it on to the waggon. Tne farm labourer who stood carefully balancing himself on the waggon to receive and spread out the hay could hardly keep up with Paul. ' Howd 'ard, measter t ' be gasped, as the mountain ol sweet grass fell about him. ' Ye do go at it like a demon ! It wants two to keep pace with 'ee ; and I ain't a machine, neither. Ye might want to kill a chap 1 ' \- It has all to be carried to night,' Paul said, raising another load to the level of tbe piled-up waggon. 1 It shall be carried — reet enow. But it's not in mortal natur' never to give in for a momeDt. . . . Just wait till I wipes tbe sweat out of my eyes. . . T' owld measter's in the reet on't. He knaw'd what a job you'd give us, and he's oft yon. to the Red Lion to bave a drop.' Paul swore beneath his breath, and went on with his work. But what was the use of it? This was the last time he would have the hay carried at Wychcote, and it was tbe finest crop -be 'bad ever known. It should al! be got in, and in prime con-; diliou at any rate. ' Hold your .tongue and save your breath (or work,' be said, fiercely, when .the man spoke again of the attractions of the Red Lion. By ten o'clock it was all in, and Paul, after seeing the last load housed, trudged, along homeward. As.be passed, through the yard 'be saw a figure moving slowly down the garden path, It was Kitty, hob bling along with the help of her stick. He hastened after her. ' What sire 70U doing here, Kitly ? You will tire yourself, child.' She put her hand through his arm, and looked into his. face. '..You never came to tea, Paul. Aren't you very tired.?... Aid daddy went out,- -'but -not to the field, mother said.' . . ' ? ' 1 Not' bej* Paul said, bitUrly. '. If there's . work to be done, (depend upon it he will shirk i..' ; 1 He was so hot and tired,1 Kitty pleaded. .' You know it is hard work. for a man of bis agp, and he knew you meant, to get it all in to-night, Though he didn't see any' necessity. ' Of ? course you were right, dear.. But don't, you understand that he ? ' .. -.. - 1 No j I don't understand that a man need go'and mate a beast of himself because there's, a little extra work to be done.' ' . ' . ? Oh, Paul, don't speak b-S hardly. He hasn't .been drinking for a. long time, and I'm sure he has tried hard to keep away from the Red Lion. He promised me, and I know be tried. But it has been such a hot day.' . ? They bad reached tbe gate,, and Kitty went out into tbe road, looking through tbe gathering gloom. : ' He won't be here for long enough,' Paul said, impatiently. ' Come back to the house, Kitty. You will 'be making yourself ill again.' ' I can't keep still. I lie and think of him coming alone in the dusk, and having to pass that quarry 1 Tbe thought of it haunts me this evening more than ever. It is just beyond that bend in the road by the big ash tree, isn't it ? And it is such a dark place, because of tbe trees. I be lieve I could hobble along so far quite easily, and wait for him there. Do let me I' 1 Are you mad, Kitty ? Are we all going mad together— I wonder ?' She leaned against the gate-pott, and her liule white face was agonised in its; eagerness. ' - ' ' Oh 1 then, if you will not let me go will you ? Dear Paul ! Just. this one more time I He will come away from the Red' Lion for you ! ' * Because I take him by the collar and drag him out, and he staggers home swear ing at me until be is in the bouse. Kitty, you don't know wbat you are asking me to do. Sometimes lam afraid of myself. B-tterlet him lake his chance of the quarry. They say there is a special Pro videnceovrr drunkards, Heissafeenoughl Let bim be ! ' Kitty wrung her bands. 'Not to-night, Paul ! I won't ask you again. But to night I am so nervous about him. I fee) as if some'l ing would happen to him. For my sake ? ' ' He kissed her. 'There, go in, and rtBf. You look like a little ghost your self — enough to frighten anyone. Promise me you will go straight in and lie down ! I will have bim here in a quarter of an hour.' He strode away, and Kitty dragged her self back to the bouse and crouched in the corner of tbe sofa in the dark parlour ; while her mother rocked herself backwards acd forwards, moaning out bitter words of reproach. ' So you've sent my poor Paul wflngain without bite or sup, just because of your silly whims about that goodfor nougbt ? You're a downright heartless girl— that's what I thiok. There's Paul slaving to keep a roof over our heads and you don't mind wbat happens to him, poor boy. Not a bite nor sup as he bad since noon this day, and a nice little bit of sup per I had got ready for him, and there you go and send him oft to bring his father out of the public house aud be jeered at by the fools in the parish. A nice thing for a young man born and bred as Paul is, to bave to do. I wonder you are not ashamed to ask him to go and lower himself before everyone. Such a fuBS about the quarry. Hasn't he come past the quarry safe enough a hundred limes ? Let him take his chance, I say, instead of sacrificing Paul and every one else for the sake of an idle, worthless ? ' ? Mother 1 Mother!1 burst from Kitty's lips, as she put her hands to her ears and buried her face deep in tbe cushions. Paul strode savagely along the road, yielding himself to the black tempest of wrath Kitty's mission had roused. (To be continued.) 