The Grey Eagle of the. Atlantic. CHAPTER XIII. Steve Crane was alone in his cabin on tho island, -with two lights burning in the sea -ward window when night set in. Alone with Ms thoughts— and what they were wo can partially imagine from his mutterings aB he jpaced to and fro over the floor. For, when ?'thinking, he had a habit o£ talking to himself along. ' Twenty thousand pounds !' he muttered; ' and that'll be his first offer if he suspects the truth. By thunder, he shall double it ! He is rich. He robbed me once of the only ? treasure I craved on earth ! I'll get pay for it ?now ! He shall not have my secret and the treasure which shall go with it for less than forty thousand pounds ! He'll give it — he'll be sure to give it !' A knock at the door announced a visitor, fox he had been too much occupied in his cogitations to. hear advancing footsteps. _ He opened 'it, and two officers in uniform ' entered. ' :' 'Ah!; the admiral himself!' said Crane, surprised, for he had expected Seaton only. ' Good evening, gentlemen,,!' He had placed seats before the fire, for tho night was chilly. \ ' So you know me, my. man ! said tne . admiral. 'I knew Sir Edward Hardy when he was only the Honorable Mr. Bellenden, before his ?ancle adopted him, giving him his name then, and his fortune and title at his death.' ' Ah ! who are you man — who are you?' 'Only Steven Crane, at present, sir — a poor fisherman, who loves England and hates America, though he is an exile from one, and forced to live in the other. And now, I want to know what I am to do to get twenty thousand pounds ?' ' That Mr. Seaton will explain to you, by and-by, and he has my permission to draw the amount from secret 'service money in my Hands, at any time. So, what he promises, financially, is in good faith, and sure. But I have other business. Where iB the beautiful young lady whom he saw here this morning?' ' She is not here now, my lord, and I am glad, very glad, since you. have come, my lord, that she is not; for I remember one Delia Beaumont, who ? ' ' Man, what do yon mean by tittering that name ?' cried the English admiral, in great excitement, springing to his feet. What answer Steven Crane would have given, it is impossible to say, for at that moment the door flew open, and a party of ?well-armed men rnBhed in, with a young officer at their head. 'Who are you, sir? and what does this mean ?' cried*Admiral Hardy, springing to Lis . feet,, with liis hand.- on the. hilt of liis ? , sword. ? ?, : ? ' I have tho honor to be Lieutenant Morley, ?of the United States Marines, sir, and it means that Admiral Sir Edward Hardy and Lieu tenant Seaton are my prisoners ! You need not look to the door, sir ; your boat's crew is secured, and under guard.' ' What means this treachery ? Wretch, you liave done this !' And the admiral darted a furious glance at Steve Crane, who stood speechless with sur prise and fright. , ' No, so kelp me Heaven ! I know nothing of this, nor how nor why they came !' said 'Crane. ' The man speaks the truth in that, if he Is seldom guilty of such offences against his own wicked nature!' said Morley, contemp tuously. 'He is, I think, faithful in his traitorous wishes to serve you and the tyrant, your master. He could not have known of our intended visit, and certainly could not ha.ve informed us of your intended coming, for ?we only knew you were here when we sur prised your boat's crew. Our visit was to him — to him only, for we havo reason to believe he is a spy ; and in war timo spies play a dangerous part.' 'I'm not a spy,' said Steve, trembling from head to foot. . ' That is not a matter of doubt to one who knows that you informed the fleet of the position of the Gray Eagle in Salem harbour, and gave her an opportunity of thrashing those who tried to take her. We will attend to your case by-and-by, and make some in quiries about Silly Bill and the lovely young lady whom you represent as your daughter, though she is as like you as a rose is to a cabbage. My nrst business is- witu the admiral. I do not know whether to take him to Boston, or to Salem to join Captain Marston of tho brig Heela.' ' Captain Marston of the Heela ! He is not in Salem !' cried the admiral. ' Indeed he is, sir. While you were mourn ing over your defeat, or growling at your bad luck, this morning, the Gray Eagle, to which I belong, stood out and captured the Heela and two transports loaded with provisions and ammunition for your fleet — most valuable prizes to ns at this time, I assure you.'- 'Heavens and earth! this is too bad !' cried the admiral. ' It seems as - if Satan himself helped that privateer.' ' We have believed that onr help came from a higher, purer source, sir,' said the young officer, quietly. , CHAPTER XIV. ' Which way shalll steer, MissReney, now -we're off ?' osked Silly Bill, when with Steve Crane's permission Irene and himself left tho island just after dark. ' Any way — I hardly care !' said she. ' If we had not to go back, I would give you a course ; as it is. it makes no matter !' ' Then I shall run up among tho islands in tow'rds the nor'east. The water is smooth in thero. I wish it was moonlight, for they're bold and .queer ancl look real grand then. I've ,'fishod in there a good many times. I saw the Phantom Boat in there once.' ' Tho Phantom Boat ? Bill, do you believe that she is not a real boat, with real persons to sail her ?' ' In course I do, Miss Roney ! Doesn't your father, old Stove Crane, say so? I've I seen, him turn as while as a gull's wing when ho looked at hoiy and lie' isn't skeered . easy.' , ' ' 1 ' If you will think, Bill, you will say that the eye cannot see that- which is not real. You sec your hand and you can feel it. Y9U see my form, and a touch will assure you it is thero.' ' Yes, Miss Reney, but we see things we can't feel.' 'Yes, at a distance, it is true.' 'No, close by. Just as close as you be to. me now !' 'Bill, that is foolish talk. How can you say so ?' ' 'Cause it's as true as Chris'mas,- Miss Reney, and, if I be a fool, I can prove it !' said Bill, earnestly. ' Do that, and perhaps I will believe in your phantom boat idea,' said tho girl. ' Waal, now, look here — when you're a standin' out in the sunlight isn't there a shadow on t'other side from the sun ?' 'A shadow? Yes, to be sure there is.' 'Waal, can you feel a shadow ?' asked Bill, triumphantly. ' No, you cannot. But your shadow, with out yon move, is motionless, and where you see the shadow you also see the reality that causes it. ' Waal, yes, I didn't think o' that. But I don't care, I do believe — Oh, Lord., see there ! Now what do you say, Miss Reney P' . And Bill pointed to a white hull and a lateen sail plainly visible crossing their bow apparently close to them. ' Boat, ahoy ! What boat is that ?' cried Irene, boldly and clearly. , .No answer came back, and the boat sweep ing on in the darkness waB .out of sight in a minuromore.. . N 'Now — now, you'll Relieve the fool !' cried Bill. ' If that wasn't a shadow, what was it ?' ' I heard the rippling of water as her bow cut through the waves — I heard it distinctly,'' aaid Irene. ' And whatever may be the motives for silence of those on board. I . am as well convinced that the boat is real and under human control 'and guidance as that I am here, and that this boat is real.' ' Gewhittaker Jewsharps, Miss Irene, but you're brave ! I'd have never dared to hail that craft !' ' I shall do more, Bill. I mean to try and find out what she is and where she harbours. Slack away the sheet — I will take the ? helm now.' ' Oh, Chris'mas, Miss Reney, what be you goin' to do ?' . ' I am going to follow that boat .'''said the dauntless girl, and taking the tiller she altered the course of the Pinky in the direction which the other boat had steered. ' Oh, Chris'mas — what will become of us !' groaned Bill. CHAPTER XV. 'Having bagged more game than I expected, Mr. Crane,' said Lieutenant Morley after his conversation with Admiral Hardy, ' it seems rather selfish to look for more. But there are two other persons who belong here, one of whom at least assists you in your treasonable practices as a spy. I allude to a boy who is known as Silly Bill.'v ' I can't commit treason against your nation when I don't belong to it. As to the boy, ho is off sailing with my daughter somewhere,' said Crane, gruffly. ' Have you no signal by which you can ro callthem?' . . 'If I hadl am not fool enough to ma ice it while you aro lierq!' , ^ \- ' Beware, sir, lest I force you to commit that very piece of folly. A swing between heaven and earth on a piece of rope would be an inducement toward obedience, I think !' ' Try it if you like,' said Crane, doggedly. 'If you do not make a signal that will bring them back, I will,' said tho young officer. ' Heave ahead ! I reckon the admiral here will pay for it by and by !' ' Yes, sir — in the name of humanity I pro test against cruel treatment to a prisoner !' cried the admiral. 'You, a British officer, protest? Who butchered Nathan Hale ? Who employs red savages as allies to scalp and torture, and burn ? Who is responsible for Cherry Valloy and Wyoming ? Oh ! you British are very merciful ! If this Steven Crane does not make the signnl oE recall in less than five minutes, he shall swing. Jack Ghost !' ' Hero I am, sir ! What shall I do for you?' cried the coxswain. ' Get a strong piece of rope and prepare to hang this man. I noticed a tree outside that will do very well for a scaffold !' ' Ay, ay, sir. I'll have everything ready in less than a minute,' cried the coxswain. ' We will retaliato fearfully for this outrage, sir, if you indeed intend to consummate it !' said the admiral. 'Threats, like promises, are of no valuo until they aro fulfilled,' said young Morley, quietly. ' All ready outside, sir,' cried Jack Ghost. ' If we had a lantern we could see him swing a little better.' ' No matter for that — let a half dozen of tho .men take the prisoners in charge. You will. [ attend to Crane yourself '. Gentlemen, I beliovo in your servico you call all hands to witness : punishment. I will not make an innovation. So be pleased to come outsido !' Resistance wns useless, and the entiro party were Boon standing outsido the cabin, near a tree, small, yet sufficiently large for the in tended purpose. 'It is dark out here!' said tho young officer. ' Jack, you may fire that pile of light wood there. It will enable us to witness tho spectacle without difficulty.' ' If you set fire to the wood, you may save yourself the trouble of hanging mo,' said Crane. ' For that is tho signal which will bring them back that you want to see !' 'Try it, Jack, and delay the execution nntil we see if the wretch speaks tho truth. If he does, we will spare him to meet his fato some other time, for he will never die a natural death.' In a few moments there was a bright blaze risinor from tho burning woodpile, which illuminated the scene all around, showing out each face and form in strong relief against the darkness of the night. Morley, who was studying the_ face of Stove Crane, saw him turn very white, while a trembling fit shook him from head to foot.. ' The phantom boat !' gasped the fisher man — 'the phantom boat. That is the second time in two days Morley and the mon looked in the direction in which the fisherman was gazing, and saw close in by the shore, thrown into plain view by tho strong reflection of the fire, a boat with a large lateen sail moving along np the bay. A man and woman seemed to be tho sole ocupanta of the boat. ' Boat ahoy ! Come ashore here !' shouted Morley. \- No answer came. The boat moved on and in an instant swept beyond the circle out of light, and went out of sight. ' There was nothing living there to answer you. But the answer will come to some of us. It is doom — it is doom !' said Crane, in an awe-striken tone. ' Fool — you believe in ghosts. I will bring those ghosts to shore. Jack, man your boat tho other boat's crew is enough to guard the prisoners. Tho wind is light and we can overtake that boat in ten minuteB,' said Morley; ' You can t overtake a shadow, said Crane. ' Go and try it if you like. You'll see I've told the truth.' Young Morley sent his prisoners into the house, putting them nnder charge of a petty officer, nntil he returned, which he expected to do in a' very few minutes. He then em barked in the gig, and followed in pursuit of the strange boat. The breeze was light, the water smooth, and with the fast-rowing gig he knew ho could go much faster through the water than a sailing boat, so he hoped to overhaul the stranger very quickly. ? A look, of intelligence and pleasure had been ..exchanged' between Lieutenant Seaton and Admiral Hardy the moment the fire had been lighted on shore. For it served them also, being one of their preconcerted signals to be looked for from the ship, though only they of all their party knew anything about it. ' All is well that ends well, and I think our little adventure will end well if they keep their eyes open on board the Arethusa,' said j the admiral, after young Morley had left the | island. I ' Yes, sir,' aaid Seaton. ' If we had asked for it we could not have been suited better. They have made our own signal for reinforce ments, and if we can keop our guard from noticing them before they land we will turn the tables, on the Yankees completely.' (To ie continued.') 