NabotftYijieyard ? »_ — By the author of [' The Web of Life.' CHAPTER XXI. She crouched back against the tree as far as she could, but her strength bar) left her, and she knew' (here,, was nothiog for' it but lo keep still, and hope that her. father would not see her if he came first. After allj it waB very beautiful to be out in the still summer night. There were wild roses growing on- tbe broken bank beneath, falling to the quarry, and a whiff o( fragrance came on tbe cool, soft air. Now and then there was a little stir anc flutter among the leaves, overhead, as . a bi^d nioyqd on it's, nest ;; and .above the tree's on the'opposlte side of the road she could see (he faint outline of Wychetley Pike, and, a large white star above it shining In the pale pky with Bteady radi ance. ' ' Everything is happy and safe 1 There, is ^otai^ for, me to be afraid of,' sh'e'saW',, ?aud someone will soon come,' and sh,e closed, her eyes aad kept still. But it seemed a long time before she heard steps— shuffling, uncertain steps, coming from the .direction of the ' Red Lion.' At first, she could see nothing; suddenly, to her horror, she distinguished the figure of her father under the shadow of the trees, moving^ to wards her in a reeling walk, close to the edge of the road. He bad not yet reached ihe dangerous place ; that was ,not more than a yard or two from . .. where she crouched. But even where Le was walking' tbe bank fell steeply away, and. the girl's heart seemed to stand still with' horror1 'as he' lurched from side to side. She was afraid to call— afraid to attract Ilia atteotion. rHe came shuffling on, nearer and nearer, Now be was at the worst spot where the road broke' off ab ruptly, and. the. drop into .the quarry -was deepest. He stood there staggering ; than he leaned forward and looked down Into the quarry, and she beard, him mutter something half, aloud. She could keep silent no longer, 'Daddy T she cried, 'come away from the edge of the quarry! You might slip ! Ob, be careful!' , . Ha turned— with a staggering move ment, that made her sick with terror — and saw her slight figure cioucbiug beneath the tree. ?Kitty, my lass!. Is it you, or your ghost ? ' he said hoarsely. 'What. are you doing here?1 . ', , „?'.,, I'm. not a ghost,' she said,, trying to speak 'cheerfully ; 'and I only came to me-et you. But it was silly of me. .., Oh, keep away from the edge! You are so near it frightens me, I can't walk borne again., I can't even get up. Oh] daddy, do come round to tbe other side of; the tree — please do.' , \- It's all right— I'm all right I I'li;take you home,. Kitty. I've carried you many a time, and I'm as strong as ever I was. What, are you afraid of? Come, let me lift you up.' He lurched towards her, steadying him self for a ncomeni' (by puttibg .one hand against the trunk1 of the tree, and with the other patting, her. on .the shoulder with what he meant to be a reassuring touch. * Come. my. lasB. Put ; your arms round, my neck and I'll lift you up ; you're no weight.' Bt?t the poor child shivered with an agony' of Jeari If he tried to lift her. up as he stood there— not a yard from the brink of the quarry— they could not escape B fall. '. Ob, no, no ! ^.Dod't try to lift me. We shall both be killed I'1 See how .near you are to the edge. Obi do go home aad send Paul for me;'. The next. moment she,. knew that she had r. made -a fatal mistake' ? to ? mention Paul's name. Her father's. jealousy made him blind to his danger- — deaf .to her. en- treaties, \- It is always Paul 1 ' he said, angrily 1 1 can carry you as safely 33 Paul, and I mean to. Put your arms romnd my neck. Paul is not the only man in the world. Now then !.'. . ,-. ' She saw that resistance made him angry and more determined, and tried to raise herself and move further away from tbe quarry. ? Wait a moment,' she pleaded. ' Let me get away from this dreadful place— — -' ' What is the good of waiting ? I will carry you home as gently as ever Paul could.' , He leaned over her, put his arms round the ? Blender figure, stumbled and slipped. Her. cry of terror only excited him. ?What, are you. frightened , abpu..? I only caught my foot. Steady I Here we . are!'; . V. . He raised her in his arms, swayed with the light . burden, and staggered back wards. There was a rattling sound of stones falling down— down — as the bank broke away beneatb his stumbling, shut fling feet, and be began to feel himself slipping. He loosenrd his hold of Kitty and grasped frantically at tbe briars and weeds 6'a the bank, and tbe girl, falling on her knees, threw her arms round his neck, clinging to him with all her poor Btreugtb, and crying loudly for help. Then the poor besotted man, sobered in an in stant realised the. peril he bad brought upon Kitty, and the heroic— the Divine in him, that which ' a man may waste, dese crate, never quite losr,' rose up trium phant in his' soul. ?Kitty, you must take your hands away, my lass. You must, let me go,' he said, in a hoarse whisper. ' It's all for the best— but you must take your hands off— q'iick 1 ' ?N', bo!' she cried, clinging more tiglitly. 'I am holding you up. Try to gel back — 'ry 1* He knew that he was' dragging her down. He must shake her off quickly. There was not a moment to lose. He loosened his hold of the brambles and tried to unclasp her hands and force her away. There was a fall of earth under bis feet, a shuddering moment, an agonised ? cry, and the next instant father and daughter lay in a motionless heap at the bottom of the quarry, her hands tightly locked round bis neck, her bead pillowed OD his breast in endless sleep. CHAPTER XXII. It had become Mary's custom to go out before, breakfast every, fine morning to gather a bunch of wild flowers with the dew on them for her aunt. She was strolling back to the house, with a. cluster of forget-me-nois in her hand which she had plucked from among the grasses at the river's edge, when she met one1' of the gardeners. .?? Good morning, Thompson.' she said, brightly. ' Bi ; — why — what is the matter? foi the man had the eager, im portant, yet half-scared look of one who is brimming ov :t with evil tidings. -- 1 Haven't yri heard, miss? Eb I li'd long since sicb a thing happened in these 'ere parts. Farmer Middlelon — maybe ye knaw htm, miss, of Wycbcote— F'doan't loike to say nought agin him being dead, but you see ? ' 'Deadl' Mary exclaimed. 'He is dead ? \- Ay, stone dead ; and the young laBS ? too— killed ? ' ' You don't mean that Kitty is dead ? Not Kitty Middleton ?' , ?Ay. They were both found stone dead at tbe bottom of the auld quarry— yoni They do think as he bad been drinking, poor fellow,' ' But you're sure, quite sure about both,' Mary said, with incredulous -horror in 'her eyes. ' I've seen Tom Smith, as helped to carry tbe bodies home/ Thompson began. : But Mary could not bear to hear any' more., , ' Sue do taks it to heart, surely,'£|said ithe man; for Miss Vigors had turned ;white to the lips, and moved slowly away with uncertain steps. Indeed, Mary never knew how she got - ,back to her room. A black horror of dark jness seemed to have fallen over the sunny summer's day. Ki ty dead I It was im possible. But even as her tears fell in bitter grief for the girl friend whose aflec- . tion had been so sweet', Mary felt that' it iwas the living who claimed her deepest compassion. How could Paul bear this awlul blow ? What comfort would there ' be for him — anywhere ? I ; Then, in a sudden passion of remone and pity, she recalled his words and looks j the last time they had met. And she bad made everything harder for him. Yet she knew that she could givejbim what be said would be the deepest joyjof life,; she could console him and make up to him in ?' some degree for this bittet| sorrow. Ab 1 yes ; ] she knew that she Jcould — if she loved i him. ; (To be continued.) , 