Killed by a Meteor. [BY G. W WEIPPIERT] Intelligent persons hare ceased to believe in dreams and visions. In fact, one might say that this moribund century has been the golden age for the doubting Thomases who bave successfully attacked every thing that was dear to our grandmothers and calculated to make the hair of the timid stand on end. Witches have been relegated to dismal obscurity ; ghosts have been compelled to seek pastures green in the Antipodes or in the delta of the Niger, and the scions of the worthy publishers of Egyptian dream books are subsisting on the interest of the dollars paid to their fathers in years gone by by credulous old women and sillier old men. Yes, it is safe to say that even Ichabod Crane, were that worthy alive to-day, would not run away from the headless spectre of the Mohawk Valley. Reason, we hear on every side, has triumphed over superstition, and cold materialism has taken possession of everything and everybody. And yet, if we look around us, with eyes and ears wide open, we can see and hear things every day which reason prompts ua to doubt, bnt which reason can not explain. Such an occurrence the writer is about to relate for tbe benefit of those who believe that the Bard of Avon spoke the truth when he said to his friend. " There are more things in Heaven and earth Horatio, Than are dreamt of in your philosophy." Erasmus Johnson, the hero of the strange story about to be related, was one of the brightest and most promising students of a western college whose professors and tutors were noted for their orthodoxy and opposition to spiritualism and materialistic doctrines. Erasmus was moreover, a eon of a Presbyterian elder and bad received a home training which while narrow and nnprogressive, kept his mind in a healthy condition. He entered college witb a clear head and a determination to acquire as much knowledge as possible. His intellectual pursuits did however, not interfere with physical' recreation, and no student displayed more energy and abandon in a game of foot-ball or a rowing match than he. Combining with his mental and physical superiority a truly altruistic disposition, he soon became a favorite with everybody. No party in the pretty little college town waB considered a success unless Erasmus Johnson contributed bis presence to tbe occasion, and every church society was anxious to have him take a part in the various entertainments given under its auspices. He sang for the Methodists, handled the Indian clubs for the Presbyterians, recited poemB for the Congregationalists and read essays for the Unitarians whenever requested to do so, He took long walks with his pedantic instructor in botany ; talked philosophy with the cranky individual who taught that science in the college, and discussed German and French poetry and pros* witb the long-haired Teuton who presided over the destinies of modern languages and literature. He palled an oar with his associates, acted as pitcher for the college ball nine, and was the recognized hero of the gymnasium. That such a man should have had any faith in supernatural visions is out of the question. And yet, two weeks before the day set for the commencement exercises, Erasmus Johnson, whose face had always been a mirror of smiles and joy, appeared before his class in an almost indescribable condition. His face looked haggard and worn, black rings had formed under his eyee, his form seemed to have lost all elasticity, his hands trembled incessantly. The excitement caused by this sight waB intense. In a moment ht was suirounded by seven or eight of hie " cbums," who labored under the impres- sion that he suffered from a Budden attack of illness. "What is the matter?" asked his friends in chorus. " A dream I" responded Erasmus with sad smile. "A dream 1" repeated the students, incredulous and inclined to take the matter aB a joke. " Yes, a dream," reiterated Johnson j terrible dream which I can not drive ont of my head, although it is as Billy as it can be." " What is it ?" came from many lips " I dreamed that I would be killed c_ my wedding day in a strange and peculiar manner," explained Johnson 1B a hesitating way, which clearly indicated that he felt ashamed of himself for having made the confession. The reply called forth unbounded merriment, which lasted until the pro feBBors entered the lecture ball. Poor Jthnson was made the butt of everybody's ridicule and even the young lady_ to whom he was engaged to be married ventured to poke fun at her lover's dream. Meanwhile the commencement exercises had taken place and Erasmus Johnson had been awarded the class honors aB well as a gold medal for a powerful and beantiful Latin poem. He was lionized by his clasB, the faculty and townspeople but never did a young man receive applause with more reserve. Ambition and hope seemed to have a dwelling place in his heart no longer. They had been superseded by melancholy, by a hideous spectre born of a dream. A few hours before his departure from the Bcene8 of his intellectual triumphs he called on his most intimate college friend who did everything in bis power to revive the energy of his unfortunate visitorgoing even so far as to suggest to Johnson the advisability of breaking his engagement. To this, the young man wonld not consent becanse, despite his fears and misgivings, he conld not persuade himself that be bad good grounds for such an action which might, moreover break the heart of the woman he loved, ' " Whatever else I have lost," he said to his friend, " my honor remains unsullied, and I wonld not wreck Julia's happiness on account of an uncertain something at which the world and even you laugh. No, Jack, we will be married on the5th of August, whatever may be the consequences." The following morning Johnson was with his parents. It is superfluous to say that they did everything in their power to overcome their Bon'a melancholy mood. He listened to them patiently and smiled sadly when be saw his good old mother in tears. He even went so far as to simulate a cheerfulness he did not feel. He listlessly supervised the preparations for his approaching nuptials, and, accompanied by a number of relatives and friends, left for the home of his affianced on the evening of the 4th of August. The party arrived at its destination the next morning. Johnson had passed a restless night in the sleeper, and when he arrived at the house of his future parents-in-law, looked even more careworn and haggard than usual. His friend, Jack, who also stopped at the house, was shocked, and upon inquiring for the cause of his friend's ghastly appearance, learned that the hideous dream which had wrecked his happiness had again haunted him. By dint of will-power he managed to suppress bis anguish, however, and succeeded in appearing^ before the woman he was about to marry in a seemingly happy frame of mind. The couple chatted for awhile, discaBsed their prospects, and dwelled at some length upon the joys that seemed to be before them, The wedding ceremony was to be performed at 7 o'clock in the evening of the Presbyterian Church of tbe little city. Shortly before that hour the bridal party arrived ; a half hour later the newlywedded couple received the congratulation of their friends. The groom sad and dejected until he had entered tbe cborcb, seemed like another man. His old smile once more illuminated his face, his eyes flashed happiness, his form was erect as in days of old. One after the other of the assembly pressed his hand and was dismissed with a pleasant word. His friend Jack, was one the last to offer his good wishes. As he approached Johnson, the latter whispered : " Thank God, Jack, the danger is over. I am married and still alive." A few minutes before 8 o'clock the bride and groom left the church. Johnson was gay and attentive, and replied wittily to the bon mots hurled at him by the crowd. The couple reached the sidewalk. The bride waB handed into the carriage, and the groom was about to follow her. At that moment he heard a whistling noise above him, and, looking up to explain the strange phenomenon, was struck on the forehead by a missile of extraordinary power. He fell heavily on the carpet-covered walk, and when his friends ran to his rescue they found —a corpse. ErapmuB Johnson had certainly met his end in a strange and peculiar way. A meteorite fully two inches in diameter had crushed his skull. His dream was fulfilled. Was the vision then a coincidence or a warning ? Let every reader answer the question for him or herself.—Detroit Frees. 