PORT GREGORY AND NEIGH- BOURHOOD. A REMINISCENCE OF THE FIFTIES. (BY "BONDI.") Port Gregory lies to the north of Gerald- ton, from which port it is 50 miles distant. It is named after Gregory, the old Western Australian explorer, whose land-marks are found in many parts of this colony. The port is formed under the lee of a series of rocks and reefs. Under this shelter, some fifty years ago, and until Champion Bay was discovered, this portion of the north- west coast was the harbour for the Geraldine lead deposits, on the Murchison River. When Champion Bay was opened up, Port Gregory became neglected. Now, it is no more than a name on a chart. It never was a good harbour, and many a small vessel left its ribs to bleach on its inhospitable beach. AN OLD SETTLEMENT. At Lynton, the homestead of a station adjoining Port Gregory, are to be found some interesting ruins. In the fifties, when lead was a good price, and the deposits at Geraldine or Coalling - some forty miles away - were being developed Champion Bay was unknown, and the port of ship- ment was Port Gregory. Great ideas were evidently held of the future of this place. A township named Pakington was reserved for the needs of the coming population, while pensioners' reserves were also pro- vided. A gang of convicts were sent to the port, and spacious buildings were erected for their accommodation at Lynton, five miles away. The date 1853 is carved on the old gaol and administration build- ings, now but a heap of ruins. Approxi- mately, there were between five and seven thousand pounds' worth of fine limestone buildings erected at Lynton in 1853. Now the roofs are fallen in and the buildings generally have gone to ruin. Only the walls remain to tell the tale of a port that has long since been forgotten. Amongst other buildings may be mentioned the gaol, the refractory ward, the hospital, and the Warders' quarters. An interesting relic is the old office in which a long time deceased R.M. of those early days used to mete out punishment to offending convicts. Close by are many graves, several of which have tomb- stones, whose carved dates tell of their old age. To the antiquary there is much to interest at Lynton. It seems strange that in this new country there should be found ruins of what but less than 50 years ago was a lively district, pulsating with life and activity, for in those days there were over one hundred convicts, who, with their warders and other population, made quite a lively little townsite. Now it would require an effort of the imagination to bring to the mind any idea of that past. The scrub has grown over all the build- ings, and time has softened the bleakness of the ruins. The restless, moaning Indian Ocean, which breaks in front of me as I write these lines, has surely been a silent spectator of many strange sights at Lyn- ton. A TYPICAL ENGLISHMAN. Port Gregory is, however, a name that is now seldom used. The neighbourhood is better known by the name of Lynton. This name was given to the district by Captain Sandford, an English gentleman, from Somerset, whose county home had that title. Captain Sandford also erected some fine buildings on a spot close to where the convict quarters were. Every- thing was erected after English methods, which is another way of saying that much of it was unsuited to local require- ments. The homestead at Lynton was a fine two-storey place. Now it is in ruins, and the stairway, with limestone steps, is worn away by decades of traffic on it. The huge barn has almost gone to ruin. The men's quarters and the old windmill are only marked by ruins. Everywhere decay and ruin are plainly observable. If one believed in ghosts, Lynton would be a good place at which to invoke them. A CHAPTER OF FAILURES. Lynton Station under Captain Sand- ford's management was not a huge success. He brought out a fine lot of stud horses, and lost a lot of them from poison. English- like, he brought out his customs with him, one of the strongest being his hunting. Lynton, in Captain Sandford's time, had a pack of hunting beagles, and the gallant captain was never so happy as when in full tally-ho after wild dogs, kangaroos, or whatever he could find to hunt with his fine bred hunters and his pack of hounds. Those were merry days right enough. It seems incredible now, in visiting this spot of weird-looking ruins to learn that a few decades ago the good old English custom of hunting with the hounds was in full swing there; But Lynton as a station was not a success, and Captain Sandford re- turned to England. Subsequent owners did more or less badly with the run. The present owner, Mr. Andrew Brand, is working it on more practical and success- ful, if less sensational, lines. GOOD STOCK COUNTRY. Lynton is limestone country, and, in addition to being well grassed, carries fine edible scrub. The limestone country extends east from the coast for but a mile or two. After that the poison country is met with, and of this class of land, un- fortunately, there are thousands upon thousands of acres. Until he fenced, Mr. Brand could do no good with Lynton. Now he is making good progress, and the in- crease in his flocks at each mustering bears eloquent testimony to the value of pad- docking. The sea breezes, however, are very severe on wire fences. Even gal- vanised wire will stand but for three or four years, and at the expiration of that period the station-owner has to face the expense of renewing the wire. The stock at Lynton look splendidly, horses, sheep and cattle being in the pink of condition. The scrub is rather rough on the sheep's fleeces, and every year in the aggre- gate a valuable quantity of wool must be lost from this cause. This, however, is an unavoidable contingency, and is a loss that has to be put up with. APPALLING LOSSES. East of the limestone country for about twelve miles is a continuous stretch of poison country. The prevailing plant is the York-road poison, and it is no exag- geration, to say that it has been and is a fearful curse. The losses to stock in the neighbourhood owing to the baneful effects of this plant have been simply ap- palling. Even the wild horses die from it, especially where the young plants grow up after a fire. There is not a pastoralist in the neighbourhood whose losses from poison have not been something fearful. Mr. Brand has found fencing the poison out a very successful method of combating the difficulty, and I am convinced that this is the only effective remedy against the evil. But this twelve miles eastward of the limestone country is something awful. I cannot conceive its ever being used. Although there are many fine, edible shrubs and grasses mixed up with it, yet the poison plant is so strongly dominant over this area that it seems hopeless to expect any good from it. Mr. Brand has taken up some of the land as a poison lease, and is about to fence it. At Lynton there is a huge lagoon from which large supplies of salt are procurable. Mr. Brand has found that salt liberally strewn round the roots of a poison plant is certain death to it. Having a cheap native labour supply, and by working the land in a systematic manner he is hopeful of eradi- cating the pest from the land he has selected. Mr. Brand is an experienced pastoralist and knows what he is doing; nevertheless I do do not envy him his self imposed task of poison eradication. COAL-MEASURES. . East of the limestone formation there are unmistakable indications of coal mea- sures. Shales and other carboniferous rocks are strongly in evidence. Dr. Robertson, the well-known New South Wales coal authority, who reported on the Midland concessions some years ago, paid a visit to Lynton. He was much impressed with the appearance of the country east of the limestone. He claimed that there would be found large quantities of coal, and that on the beach it would be found underlying the limestone. I cannot hear of there having been any actual coal found there. Many old coal-miners, however, who have traversed the country have ex- pressed their confidence in the coal-bearing nature of the district. I understand boring at Geraldton has disclosed the existence of coal there. If so, it is a reasonable pre- sumption, in view of the existence of coal measures at Lynton, that coal country ex- tends northwardly close to the coast. What its value may be as a fuel is, of course, a matter in which at present no opinion can be expressed. If it is of the Collie and Irwin type, and unless some new markets are opened, there is no especial reason why it should be developed, as existing markets are already liberally catered for by already developed properties. HORSE REARING. The limestone country on the coast seems specially fitted for horse breeding. The horses I saw at Lynton were the best I have seen in the colony, and Mr. Brand tells me that if he so desired he could successfully raise large quantities of this most useful animal. But the pros- pects of selling the stock at satisfactory prices are not sufficiently alluring, and there is more money and less trouble in sheep. Hence at Lynton only sufficient horses are bred for the station's require- ments. While at Lynton I had occasion to go out east to look at some country, and was mounted on a favourite station horse just run in from the paddocks. From early morning till late at night the horse was kept at it, and before the day's work was done a distance of quite 60 miles had been covered, over very rough country. There was neither time nor opportunity to feed the horse, and yet he cantered home grandly. It was an exhilarating ride to be aback such a noble beast. The return home, paced by a black boy on another fine animal, at a fairly stiff pace, across scrub scented plains, and under the gentle light of a rising moon, was an experience not likely to be soon forgotten. 