FEDERATION. THE Hon.,' V\ Parkes, Postmaster-General and member for Canterbury, delivered an address on the Amended Commonwealth Bill at,the Association Hall, Canley Vale, on Friday evening, 19th instant. The Mayor (Alderman Stimson) presided, and between forty and fifty persons were present. The chairman,vih introducing Air. Parkes, said that although he opposed the bill last year owing to having some misgivings about its provisions, if the alteration in the Amended Bill met with his approval he would be glad'to support, that measure. Mr. Parkes was in a position to explain the nature of the amendments, and he was pleased that that gentleman had comento Canley Vale for that purpose. Mr. Parkes said the question, of federation was of so momentous a character that the greatest latitude should be given to the people to form their opinions upon it, consequently his intention was not to' address the meeting in a dictatorial tone, or attempt to force his ideas upon them, but rather1 to lay his opinions dourly before them and let them form their own conclusions from his explanations. During the great force of argument used for the purpose of demonstrating that the present bill was the right one the question as to the necessity of federation had been somewhat lost sight of, but, in his opinion, it was necessary to trace the history of the movement from its inceptionJtp renlise its wisdom. Federation was not a thing wliich had come before the people by accident, but after the tutoring of public men for years- men who. bad studied all the country's aspects for ita. future well-being, and the most .profound of whom concluded that there must of necessity be some great form of motherly govern- ment over the whole of the colonies. The time had now arrived when that necessity was generally admitted in order to remove the lines of demarcation between the colonies-barriers which were never inteuded by the Almighty should bo raised between the people of on« family-and establish freedom of trade between them, uni- formity of laws and . defence, thereby promoting the country's progress. It was the desire of Australians to have a country of their own, and unless uniform laws were adopted, so that administrators could take charge of our shores and protect them, it would be difficult to prevent an influx of undesirable people, us well as the introduction of scourges. These were the principles upon which tho early advocates of federation bused their plans. He referred to the Convention of 3891, which produced a bill which wu s not considered elastic or democratic enough to "meet the people's wishes. The second .Con- . ? vuntion brought forth last year's bill, which was rejected by New South Wules. As a consequence the lute conference of Premiers was held, and Mr. Heid was not given a mandate, but simply told to obtain a good compromise in the constitution, with the result that by using modération in tone and persuasive elf ort, with due regard to the i representatives of the other colonies, he obtained concessions which made the Amended Bill the freest system of government under which a people could exist, ami this had been acknowledged by the press of the other colonies. Mr. Burton had made an uufortunate statement to the effect timt there hud been no structural alterations to the bill of 1898, -which had injured the present movement, although that gentleman had since qualified his statement hy explaining that what he intended to convey wits that the walis of the mensure were the same, but the internal arrangements hud been altered. He (the speaker) then explained the nature.of the amendments-notably the elimina- tion of the three-fifths majority, with provision for a referendum in case of a deadlock ; the pre- vention of the nlienation of Stute territory against the wishes of the people of such State ; and the securing of the federal capital within New South Wales -territory. Referring to the financial clauses of the bill, he said the opposition in that direction had no reliable basis, and. the leading opponents of the measure, who prophesied such terrible calamities as u consequence of the adop- tion of those elunses, hud not endeavored to pro- pound a scheme to overcome' the difficulty, hut were simply trying to destroy the bill. The people could he trusted to safeguard their interests, and time would efface ull objections1 und perfect the constitution. He «greed that there would ba a little more-taxation under federation, but the people should submit to it in order to build upa structural government which would be u lasting benefit ami in the long run a financial gain tn the Commcnweulth. Ho recommended the audience' to put every confidence in-the wise publio men who were «slung them to accept the Amended Bill ; accept their recommendation and give the measure a trial, for in a few years they would find, instead of the probability of people flying at ench other's throats, thero would be no chance of peace ever being disturbed, and their children and grand-children w .III ld bless them for giving them an inheritance under which they could live as the freest people nf the world. (Loud applause.) Alderman Zuni moved und Mr.'Barker seconded, -"That in the opinion nf this meeting the Amended Commonwealth Bill is just, fair mid democratic enough to he accepted by the people of New South Wules." Tho Mayor, in supporting tho motion, said that, having heard tho amendments explained, he thought the people were quite pufe in accepting federn timi under the present bill. The motion wus carried, only two hands being held up against. Votes of thanks to Mr. Parkes and the Mayor, followed by three oheers for federation, concluded the proceedings. MR. A. J. Reynolds addressed a meeting from tho balcony of Cloke!» Hotel, Liver T)ool, on tho Amended Commonwealth Bill on Saturday evening last, under the auspices of the local branch of the Federal Associa- tion. Mr. W. E. Lea royd occupied the chair and there was.a fair attendance. Mr. Reyiiolrlo said ho was pleased to have the opportunity of visiting Liverpool and address thc «lectora again. IQ Balmain, the suburb where he resided, and which wa« the most populous of Sydney and a'large industrial centre, the electors were eoing strongly for the Amended Bill and that was a good indication that federation as provided by the bill would benefit the industrial population, as well as every other clasB that would benefit by progress. Although there waB much opposition to the bill from soma quarters, they should not be affected by that alone, for such opposition only demonstrated that federation was a great progressi ve step. Thia opposition was of three kinds-those who were against any federation, those who favored a system of unity notacceptable to the Australian people (such as Dr. MacLaurin and Sir George Dibbs advocated), aud those who alleg'e that they are in favor of federation but object to the present bill because it contains a few defects. Thtj'Supporters of the bill did not admit that.it bad defects, which time alone would show ; besides the people could trusted to get amendments made if necessary. The anti-billites were suffering from the ghost of mistrust-they mistrusted themselves as well as the people of Australia, which simply meant that if the people .cannot be trusted with federation they cannot be trusted at all. This argument of mistrust went to ridiculous lengths, for men condemned the bill because it did not provide for a limit in the number of members of the State Parliaments, when no such provision could be framed to suit the changing conditions of the colonies and would mean insult to the intelligence of the people. One of the principal bodies belonging to the family of ghost mistrust was the financial one, which was being run by the Daily Telegraph from its leading article to the publisher's last foot note. According to it New South Wales was going to carry tho other colonies, including Queensland, a deduction which appeared strange when compared with Sir Thomas Mcillwraith^ advice to Queensland, to the effect that federation with this colony would ruin her. lt was incorrect to tell a working population that the taxation to be paid by them is ascertained by divid- ing the total receipts of taxation by tho total population. The amount of taxation pnid by an individual depended upon his property and the style in which he lived. The fallacy of the anti bill method of calculation-that of averaging the .wealth by the total population-was apparent, inasmuch as by that method the wealth per head .was £3ß8 in 1890, which meant that every poor man who had not more than £100 and ten children wa8 alleged to be worth ten times £368. The cost of federation was a mere matter of speculation, but, from the results of other federations, it was certain to benefit instead of burden New South Wales. Supporters .of the bill could advocate it as the result of a natural sentiment, and as being certain to bring about industrial and commercial expansion as well as giving them ideals of national life. It ?would make possible the accomplishment of a scheme of old age pensions, it would help, better than divided States, to keep Australia for a white race, and facilitate intercolonial commerce. In conclusion, he contended that the bill was one which could he supported by every man who favored progress, a white Australia, increasing the avenues -of employment, keeping up wages, and broadening -our civic atid national life. A show of hands was declared in favor of che Ameuded Bill, although very few hands were held ?up either way. j 