THE CAPITATION GRANT. THE ARCHBISHOP AT NORWOOD. On Tuesday evening, April 18, Arch bishop O'Keily addn.Vst.il the congregation of Norwood and district in St. Ignatius' Church ou the education question. The Beaung acvomniouution vi me puiiding wa» fully ocenpicd. In his opening remark* the Archbishop said that the tubject he would t'jeak on had caiued ' c.xciu-iucnt 'which w*» altogether unwarranted, lie wished to allay that cxtiU-ment among those who did .not belong to their own body. If the aims and purpose* of the Catholic*, and the. methods by which th-y were to'.securc the realization of those aims and purport were -properly uodentood there would lie very little bitterness. It ww «id that they were one peoiile, that they lived in one counter under cne Consti tution, and that their children would grow up together in the «aiuc schools. They were one peoplev.kiul they lived in a glon ous-, country, which would undoubtedly be great tone day. They enjoyed one Consti tution, but one of the privilege* secured to e\\-ery citizen by that Constitution, was. that in reHfflSniraatters fre tuboU be perfectly free. Xo nnn should say to another what he should judge to be a religious question. There was one question which to many per sons waa not, but to others was, a religious, question, and that was what ought to be tnc character of the school* to which they send their children for education and train ing. About three-fourths of the people— if they could accept the numbers polled at the list referendum— said, that the secular sys tem presented no difficulties to their .con science in the matter of sending their young to be trained; but one-fourth of the the moral and Divine law, must be religious tchools— religion must prevail therein. The .Anglican* in large numbers, the Lutherans in relatively larger proportions, and the Catholic* unanimously— he said unanimous ly, for he did not reckon that infinitesi raally small portion of the Catholic bodjr represented by a writer in that morning* 'Advertiser*' as Catholic at all— held that education must be religious, and that the parent did not do bis duty to bis duld or to his God who sent his child to be else where educated than to a religious school. If the Constitution was to be interpreted as meaning all that it said— that we were one people, lived in one country, and under 'one Constitution, and enjoyed the privileges granted by that Constitution — that was no reason why all their children should be edu cated in one school or one cltus of schools-. He had been at pains to collect & few fi gures for their information. Those figures wonM show bow determined the people of South Australia, in large numbers at any rate, we/e to tecure to themselves and to their children the privileges which the Con stitution gave them, from the, Anglican Handbook for 1898 he learned that there were 39 schools in the colony in which they were educating L8*5 children of their own belief. The Lutherans had 42 school*, and those, being principally in country placet, had an average smaller attendance, the total number of pupils being 1,300. The Catholics had 59 schools last year, and 4,962 children were being educated entirelv at their own expense. Tnose figures showed that in all there were 126 schools in the province iu which were provided the blewings of a religious as well as a secular education for 8,107 little children. Besides thoev* primary schools there were several high tchocjs. and it was very remarkable that the principal ones among them were denominational. They bod Prince Alfred toilette for the Wesleyans, St. Peter's for the Anglicans, and Way College was under the aibpicc* of the Bible , Christian body. It was a singular fact that where the system dtri nut provide the education the parent* wanted, and they were in a position to pay lor jr. those inrents took care that the school* they established should be deno minational. He honestly Iwlieved that if the parents of the whole of South Australia hau to pay for the educatiou of their chil dren to-morrow and schools had to be erected at their own cort and not ont of the public nurse, three-fourth* of the -children would iu a itvr mnhtlis be found, not at secular but at denominational schools. He believed that the people of South Aus tralia were a. religious people, and that they desired the blovings of religion to be Kcured in the amplest form to the young. Deiiominationalism was no new thing to .South Australia. At one time it wot re cognised by the State. The place of honour, so far as nis opinion went, in the record of work done for religions education be longed io the Lutherans. In 1830 they were .«n imprcsfH with the neeewiry for religion in the training schools that they- estab lished two— one at Glen Osmond anj the other at KJemzig. In 1M0 they started another tt Hahndorf, and two yean later one at Bethany. The records in connection with the early work of the Anglicans .was not availalJe, Kt in 1868 they had eleven schools with 800 children attending them. Their own records were somewhat imper fej t. In 1846 St. Patrick'* Cburch was built with the intention of subsequently taming it into a school so eoon as the number of Catholic? in the locality multiplied to eiuble them to erect a more commodious Slice of worship. At about the same time tishop Murphy went to Ireland and Borne to secure the services of a community of teaching brothers. In 1848 the Franklin street school was being erected, and at that time two lay teacher*; a schoolmaster and his wife, were conducting a Catholic school. The principle of denominationalism was not likely to die out. The Anglicans had increased their schools during the past ten yean at a rate of over 100 per cent, and within the past two years the DbmtnicaBs had buQt their magnificent pile in Franklin street at a cost cf several thousands of nound*. and the 3fnri«t Brothers hail estab lished themselves with a teaching staff at Port Adelaide, whfle only on the previous ni^ht he had given his sanction for the. erection of a school at Millicent. Some ol their opponents said, that denominational K-liools accentuated religious differences, and that that would be a foolish, per niuiou* thing to do. He asked those people would the non-recognition by the State of the denominational school* crush them out of existence. The answer must necessarily be **Xo.' He hoped their school* and those of the Anglican* and the Lutheran* were going on in perpetuity. The denomi national school* had held their own from the jnfancy of th« colony, and they would continue to hold their own to the very end. Ki$bt thousand children were going to these whool*. and the parent* of many of those children went in their cliildhood to. those schools, and they could remember what a sacrifice and struggle it was for them to find the money to keep them go ing. Ctrold they feel anything but bitter reH- againrt thow who 'scooped the pool,' and applied it for the benefit of their own children, and left one-fourth of the popula tion to rind the cost of educating their own little ones? It was said that the agitation was causing bitterness,. and they, were act ing very foolishly in keeping it up. Indeed! Suppo-e he went into partnership with three other*, and their first year'* transac tion* resulted in a profit of £400, and the three others divided that sum amongnt themselves. Was he, became he protested against wch action to be called a' downright bad. mifchiet-making, quarrelsome man? Call him what names they -would, they would not -stop him, and he would do everythinj he possibly could to get that money for the benefit of the Catholic, Lu theran, and Anglican children. Some writ er in one of the new»|iapeni that morning, —poor fool he would call hint— hinted .tha he was seeking to provoke a i-ivfl -war. Got blew the mark! A nice soldier he wonlc make ai hi* age, with scarcely a sound hone in ni» body. The (mod nun must have bad a nune telling him ghost stories at the time when hi* imagination could not hear tales of hobgoblin*, and his fears mnst have h«en rtrong ever since. In concluding hi* address the Archbishop mid they bad no immediate hope of saining the grant for their private whom*. Tt would take tome year* before the on«immation of their hopes would come. That was plain' and certain. But. the sooner they began, to figirc for their rights the sooner wouid those rights come to them. His purpose and the purpose of his people, so far as he knew their miada— and he .had had oppois tunities of learning their views during the past few weeks— was to use every right' which the law gave them to bring about the' accomplishment of their desires. They in tended to use their right to petition Par liament. They .intended to lorce their, cause on .public attention, and to go on with that programme quietly, calmiy, pa . tiently, and charitably, but perseveringly, uctil their end was sainec. i'hey had ;tic jtt&st; of just claims, and they did not take the incoherent ranbiing* of a ten* people who wrote to the newspaper* as the opinion of the people of South .-uiatniiis. The Archbishop was li.=ten«vi to with the greatest attention, and by acc.aniition the people assembled tendered their thank* to him. for his address. 