ALife for a Secret.! ? ? i CHAPTER XXXIII. j KOMK AGAIN ! i When she comes home again ! A thousand ways I fashion to ruy^'lf the tenders' hs Of my glad weic'juit;. I thiill crcmble, ye?, ? To know that I po ill dreerve the place Hor arm1! male for me ; nnd the sobbing note ? . I stay with kisses ere thu teatlnl (ace Again ie hidden in fciie old embrace. Maior Hallam had been so busy that sum- i mer among his constituents in Virginia, %eek- J ing for re-election, that ho did not know. until i lie returned to Washington at the re-assembling ; of Congress in December, that the Winthrops ! had settled in the capit.il city. | 0£ course the fame o£ The Cosmopolitan ' had reachcd him, but lie had paid small attention to the name of the editor. He was feeling jovial and happy both over his re-election, and the fact that Lucy was coming homo for Christmas — his darling so | o^ cruelly banished, and for whose sake his heart - si had ached over a year while she was shut up i it injthe convent school iu Canada, and, later on travelling v/ith Mrs. Sloan and her daughter j d on the continent. I h He had sent her big cheques and given her j si carte blanche to buy pretty thing3, trying to | d make np for tha harshness of her exile which h she had so bitterly resented, sobbing at part ing that she should never forgive :him for his cruelty, and if she died while she was away it would be God's punishment on him for break- a ing her poor heart. . _ h These and many other dire reproaches did ti our willful, impulsive heroine shower on her c culprit father's head, but for a wonder he stood firm against pleadings and reproaches, a answering to each alike. I ' I am doing this for your own good, Lucy, fc and some day you will thank me for it.' t His heart was very sore indeed with all that had happened that never- to-be-forgotten sum- T mer, and he determined that Lucy should not \ return to Hallam Hall until the neighbours I had ceased gossiping over the escapades of s that time that with Miss Betty's garbled c version had assumed greater prominence than j they deserved. But it was true enough that j ihe rivalry of Lucy's lovers had caused her a c s most unenviable notoriety most paiuful to the heart of the proud old man who deemed it but | just that she should do penance for her folly 1 by exile. : But, oh, how his heart had ached for her, s ihis precious little girl, who had not meaut to do any harm, he knew, only that things had j fallen out so tragically through Pemberton's love and jealousy ? - But the long penance was over now, and she ivould soon be back again, all her anger : lorgotten, with her arms about his neck, sob- ; bing out her forgiveness for his faults, loving , feirn, he believed, just the same as ever. He would not let her go back to Hallam 1 Hall this winter, either, he wanted her to have a peep at Washington society, so that perhaps ; she might find someone more worthy to drive Valentino's image from her heart. Mrs. Sloan had been everything that was \- kind and delicate. She had written ,that she ' 'wished to chaperon Lucy ' in Washington ; ' ? 'society that winter as Enid also would be a debutante. Her beautiful house on Sixteenth ; strpei? had, been put in order for .heij home coming, and Lucy must be 'her guest till spring. ' ' What a charming woman, to be sure. A pity I did not fall in love with her instead of ; that deceitful Mrs. Winthrop !' muttered the major, still keenly resentful over his rejec- : tion. He did not feel so uneasy now over i Valentine, as although five hundred dollars ? Teward had been offered for his apprehension, ; no clue to him could be found, and it had long ago been rumoured that the young man had escaped to Cuba and joined the brave army of patriots fighting for freedom from Spanish dominion. The major did not think it a sin to hope that a Spanish machete would lay poor Valentino low in death. He began to count the days before Lucy's return with burning impatience in his eager ness to clasp lier to his heart again. Meanwhile as the representatives in Con gress took up the business of the government a o-ain, and the newspapers teemed with their prowess, Major Hallam began presently to learn that he was being made the object of persistent persecution and ridicule in the popular journal, The. Cosmopolitan. A trenchant pen, keen, subtle, delicately lipped with sarcasm, chronicled daily every ' rising up and sitting down,' every choleric utterance, even every aye and no of Hallam, Virginia. As the old major was kuown to be one of the most aggressive and peppery Democrats \- in Congress, these daily pen- pictures because tho delight of his contemporaries, and finally ? the bete noir of the victim. ' Damme, I'll challenge the editor and win°* him !' he. declared, hotly. And then lie became curious over the , ; editor's identity . 5 Ho was dumfounded when he learned that it was Donald Winthrop, the son of the woman who had lured him on with smiles and won his love only to reject it. Going little into society, and paying small attention to social gossip, he had not learned till now that tho Winthrops wero settled in Washington on Sixteenth-street. Ho was too astonished for a noisy outburst ? in his usual vein, he could only ponder over tho fact in silence, and with distinctly wounded feelings, thinking : ' Why, confound tho young jackanapes, he is adding insult to injiu'y ! Not content with opposing my suit for his mother s hand, he flies into print to abuse me, provoking ridicule by his diatribes, fastening on mo tbo obnoxious title of jingoist ! Damme, why does ho vent his personal spite on mo in pub ]ic ? — Was it a crime to sue for his mother's hand?' On advising with some of his best friends, liowevor, he concluded to forego personal vengeance on tho ' impudent popinjay,' and -to treat The Cosmopolitan with silent contempt ?.as more effectual than open warfare. ' Wo ' servants of tho people' must not shrink from thoir fiercest criticism, enduring it with dignity or silent contempt, as tho case .demands, my dear sir,' his friend, Senator Blank, said, consolingly. ? And thus matters stood wh :n Lucy came &o;:ao with the Sloans at Christmas, Tho Cosmopolitan airily insolentj the major sulky and silent, writhing under keen shafts of ridicule, yet haughtily upholdingCongressional dignity. But all annoyanco was temporarily for gotten in the joy of Lucy's home-coming. i CHAPTER XXXIV. ? '.PAR OE NEAK !' O, love will last, ? ' 'When all that- made it happiness ia past — When ull it3 hopes are «s the glittering toys T^me present (.Corf, time to come destroys — : When fond illusions have dropped one by one, Like pearls freni a rich careanet, tiil none \- Are left upon lite's soiled and naked string, And this ia all that time will ever briag ! Tho now beauty, as Washington society , dubbed Lucy Hallam, sat at her desk, j scribbling away very fast with a jewelled ' gold pen, held between her rosy, tapering fingers. | Her cheeks were crimson, her violet eyes i flsishin;r darklv. and her lins comoressed in ire anger and indignation, as her pen flew ver the, paper, never pausing till she had igned her name iu large aggressive characters i full : ' Lucy Lee Hallam !' . ' The hateful wretch, he shall learn that ear old papa has a loving daughter to take is part !' she soliloquized, as she doubled the heot and slipped it into tho square envelope lelicately scented with lilac, addressing it in mr most elegant chirograpliy, to : ' Editor, The Cosmopolitauu, Pennsylvania Avenue.' Lucy had been iu the city for a week past, ,nd though not given to reading newspapers, ler attention had been called by Mrs. Sloan o the notoriety given her father in the :olumns of the new city journal. When Congress re-assembled after its idjournment for Christmas and Now Year's Day, the sarcasm grew more vigorous than jefore, awakening in Lucy a fiery indigna :ion. The editor of The Cosmopolitan, whose lame she had not taken the trouble to learn, jecame to her as to her father, a veritable -ete noir, and without consulting anyone, she sacrificed dignity to pique, inditing the :-frender an indignant letter rating him roundly for his groundless persecution of dear papa, and throwing back into his teeth the obnoxious epithet of jingoist. y The effusion so greatly relieved her feelings, that she flew down to the music room, and | began to rattle off a lively tarantelle', to the amusement of Enid, who was sorting out some music to practice. ' What has come over you to make you so gay ?' she asked curiously. . Lucy whirled around on the stool, ex claiming : ' Oh, Enid, guess ! — I have written and mailed a letter to that wicked Cosmopolitan, just blowing him up for his savage criticisms of darling papa !' ' Oh, dear !' cried Enid, in dismay. Then, ' Did you consult mamma ?' . ' No, dear, for I knew she wouldn't permit it, but just say : — Oh, treat it with silent con tempt, Lucy. Public men do not answer their newspaper critics.' ' That is true,' said Enid, who was a year older than Lucy — a tall, handsome girl, with limpid gray eyes and a wealth of black hair. She was placid in her disposition and literary in her tastes, with considerable poetic talent. 'Oh -Lucy. I'm afraid you have done wrong in not asking mamma!' she added, uneasily. 'Don't tell her, then, please, for I could not iieip llJ : J. JU»u tUU^ mo uiu uounoou teeth and ran away, as it were, and, oh, Enid, it certainly wqs a relief to my mind to scold that wretch ! I feel real happy over it,' cried Lucy, with the buoyant|Jair of old days, when coolly defying the too tightly drawn authority of cousin Betty. She was the same Lucy in heart, though a year older and sadder, who had wiled Valentine's heart away under the green trees in the golden Maytime, beautiful, spirited, warm-hearted,, impulsive, defiant of con ventionalities, vet, at the same time, charming and irresistible. Enid was under the spell of her magnetic personality, like everyone also, and would not have betrayed her confidence for the world. ' Of course I will not breathe it to mamma!' she said. ' But, I'm afraid you have made a mistake, dear, and The Cosmopolitan will be more virulent than ever, just for spite !' ' Then papa shall challenge him to a duel,' Lucy began, then paused, paling to her lips, and added, 'No, I take that back! I don't want papa to be mixed up in it at all, but really, Enid, I should be tempted to horsewhip him!' ' Oh, Lucy, what a shocking idea ! — But, of course, you do not mean it ! — Here, try this song,' placing it open on the music rack. ' No, you sing, Enid, and I will turn the leaves,' Lucy answered, with a tremor in her voice, for her thoughts had gone back sud denly to old days and that old love so sweet aud brief. / And Enid's song was only calculated to deepen the impression : I know not are you far or near, Or ara you dead, or that yon live, I know not who the blame should bear, Or who should plead, or who forgive, But when we meet some day some day, Eyes clearer grown, the truth thai! Bee, And every cloud shall roll away That darkens love, 'twixt you and me 1 Some day 'l shall meet yon, love, I know not when or how, love, I know but this, you loved me once, Only this, I love you now, love ! 'Do not sing any more now., It — it — make mo feel sad,' cried Lucy, dashing a furtive tear from her long curling lashes. 'Let us talk about Mrs. Miller's reception this afternoon. What shall we wear ?' 'I was talking about it to mamma after breakfast, aud she thinks— oh, Lucy, I quite forgot to tell you, mampna had one of hor bad headaches, and cannot go out to-day. She has written to Mrs. Livingston to chaperon us at the reception this afternoon, and tho Naval ball to-night.' ' I am very sorry she is so ill ; perhaps we should not leave her, Enid.' ' Oh, it is only one of her sick headaches, aud she insists on our going. And about the gowns, Lucy— she said I must wear my new green taffota with the spangled passementerie and fur trimming ; and you, that silvery blue ono with tho mousellijie de soie and pearl trim ming, that is so becoming to you. To-night wo must both go in white — you with pearl ornaments, while maiama is going to lend me her rubies.' ' How fine wo shall bo !' laughed^ Lucy, who enjoyed society very much, and wished it would cure her secret headache. I havo a secrefrsorrow here, A grief I'll ne'or impart, — It heaves no sigh, it aheds no tear, 'But it conauujea my heart ! Meanwhile, at precisely four o'clock that afternoon the postman on Pennsylvania Avenne, climbed the stairs to ' ye editor's den,' and deposited a batch of letters on his table. The handsome young editor glanced them carelessly over, till he came to one in a large square envelope, daintily sealed with violet wax, and breathing the subtle elusive odour of lilacs. ' Ah !' be cried in surprise, hastily making himself master of the contents. Was ho frightened at Lucy Hallam's scold ing letter, our brave young editor, that his cheeks paled and flushed alternately, while the strong white hand that held the letter trembled with nervous excitement ? ? Ho knew that she had been in the city a week, for Winifred had showed him the announcement in the society columns of a newspaper, saying, eagerly : ' Oh, Don, I am so glad she is in the city ! Do you riot think I ought to call ?' 'I should wait until I met her first, atsome social function. Then you can decide whether she cares or not to renew your old friendship,' he replied, with apparent coolness, though his own heart was leaping wildly in his breast. It was natural that he should take a lively interest in her return, after all his relatives had told him about her, and knowing, too, that she had fainted at sight of his portrait, and carried away his photograph, because it reminded her of a lost. love. A week passed away, arid they had not met, but he knew that everyone was talking of the new beauty, the daughter of 'Hallam of Virginia.' ' If you had seen her first, you never would have made her father the butt of your sareasm, and so spdiled your chance of winning her,' a friend said to liim, jocosely. ' Is she so very beautiful ?' ' She is peerless. She carries all the hearts by storm,' his friend replied, with enthusiasm. CHAPTER XXXV. LOVED ONCE. It came o'er her heart like a voice of thpBe days. Whan love, only love, waa the light of hfer ways ! And soft, as in momenta of blisa long ago He murmured her name in the accenta of yore, * Alas,' sighed the maiden, ' how fancy nan cheat, The world once had lips that could whisper thus sweet 1' Donald Winthrop was young, handsome, impressionable, and it was no wonder that he felt curious over the peerless beauty that carried all hearts by storm. Her letter gave him a pretext to meet her, of which he glftdly availed himself. He thought, eagerly. ' Why should I not call and make my peace with the irate. Miss Hallam ? A chip of the old block, if I am any judge, considering this spicy defiance ! — a female ' jingoist,' though I shouldn't dare twit her with it! Yet how adorable she must be ! — impulsive, daring, and unconventional, her letter gives me courage to face her and plead for pardon, humbly promising amendment. After all, has not retaliation gone far enough.' i He. laughed gaily, as if at some pleasant reflection, and made up his mind to answer the amusing tirade in person. ? It was nearing sunset, and Lucy and Enid had but just returned from the reception, chatting gaily as they went upstairs together to their adjoining rooms. Lucy had just thrown off her hat and wrap, when Enid burst, excitedly, into the room, crying between convulsive giggles : ' Oh, Lucy, you're in for it now ! What do you think? The editor of the Cosmopolitan has just called in person to annihilate you !' ' Enid, you aro jesting !' 'No indeed. He is waiting downstairs in the little reception-room. If you don't believe me, here is his card. I wonder what his name is, anyway i The card only says ' Editor The Cosmopolitan,' Ho has forgotten his name in his rage at your impertinence !' ' No matter about his name ! I do not care to know it ! I'm glad he came ! Oh, won't 1 just wither him up, Enid ; the cruel, false hearted wretch ! Let me go and beard the lion in his den !' flashed Lucy, hor eyes darken ing with anger, her cheeks red aB roses. She snatched the card from Enid, and flew downstairs to the room*where Donald Win throp was waiting with keen impatience. Ho heard the swish of tho silk gown flying down tho stairs and along the hall, and suddenly arose to his feet, grasping the back of a chair with a nervous hand, the blood 1 retreating from his face to his heart, leaving him momentarily palo as a ghost. 1 Then there flashed across tho threshold a vision of beauty— golden hair, blue eyes, blue gown, poarls, all jumbled up together ' in a fascinating tout ensemble that madii his heart leap in his breast with passion. She stopped and lifted her dazzling face to him— tho cheeks glowing, the lips . pouting, I the eyes flashing with anger ! So they were facc to face at last — the man 10 like her lost love that she treasured his licture, the girl of whom ho liad heard so nuch that he was in love with her already. Somehow, and without the least reason, [jucy had counted on a middle-aged man, .aturnine as to countenance, bowhiskored and ivith long hair of iron-gray. She had never known many editors, and this was the typo she carried in her mind. Vory naturally sho j must have had a bad impression of tho wretch who had dared to ridicule dear papa !' I When she found herself confronting a tall, J 3minently handsome young man, she stopped fi short, gasping : - ' I — I — this cannot be the editor of' Tlio Cosmopolitan ! ' ' Thesame, Miss Hallam,' replied a musical, clear- toned voico that sent tho blood leaping wildly through her veins, while lifting up her drooping lids, she gave him another startled, comprehensive gaze. Quickly the angry gleam faded from her great wistful eyes that beamed with tender ness and truth as sho uttered in joyous surprise with half extended arms : ' Ally — oh,' Ally, you have come at last !' When he saw the love-light gleaming iu her eyes and heard the tremulous gladness of herjvoice, it seemed hard not to take her in ' his'arms and press passionate kisses on the crimson lips. It was a terribio temptation, for he loved , her already — but lie fought down his yearn ing, realizing that she had mado the same mistake as at Sky Lodge over his portrait. But his voice shook with emotion as he answered, sadly : ' Miss Hallam, you have made a mistake, and I understand the cause. My name is Donald Winthrop, and my sister Winifred, has told me that I bear a most startling resemblance to one that you — once loved !' ' Once loved she cried, also clutching the back of a chair to save herself from falling in her nervous agitation, and adding, mournfully, ' Nay, I shall love him forever, for true love never dies, and by this cruel ache in my heart I know that I can never forget ! But you, sir, you look at me with Albert Valen tine's eyes, you smile at me with his lips, you speak to me with his very voice — and how can it be that you are not he ? Oh, this is some miserable jest, Ally, and you are trying to prove my love !' ' Ah, Miss Hallam, how proud and glad I should be to claim identity with your lost love ! But I must not impose on you, because yon would hate me afterward !' he sighed. ' Will you swear that yon are not Albert Valentine ?' sho faltered, sinking into the chair, too weak to stand erect before this ter rible shoek. He smiled at her gently and sadly, replying : 'How could I be Albert Valentine when I am Donald Winthrop, Winnie's wayward brother, whose story she has told you more than a year ago! Yes, and I must own all the trnth. I am the luckless Editor of The Cosmopolitan, arid I have come in answer to your letter, to beg your forgiveness and pro mise not 'to do so any more,' ' with a half Bmile. ' Lucy was terribly unnerved. She buried her face in her hands, sobbing : ' I do not know how to believe you !' You are so like — so terribiy like — -the lover I have lost— that — that — my whole heart leaped to meet you ! Oh,, pardon me, what am I. say^ ing J'- in su-3-3on CQijfnsion.^ ? (To be continued.) 