OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. . (from our own corrksi'ondent.) Mr. "Walt's action in Parliament in calling for a return showing the loss on tins Birregurra to Forest railway wns taken, I presume, in order thnt be might havo on argument ngainst any further country railway extension up bis sleeve when tho matter cnmc on for debate. Mr Mnlliicson, the Commissioner, in his re port— nn annual nffnir — published in the Melbourne press commented on the fact that thevo were still soveral fines closed around Melbourne nnd further afield ns non-paying, notwithstanding the im provement in matters nnd a moro hopeful outlooh. Ho goes 011 to point out thnt with these miles of rails resting in town and country Parliament may well pause before it authorises adding to the list of railway failures, and most peoplo will agree witli him. So if Mr Watt calls up ghosts of the past to senrc would-be boom railways fow will blame him. As might he expected, nil official visit to Pontridgo ponnl establishment by tho Chief Sccrctnry, accompanied by Mr Topp, Under Sccrctnry, and Captain Evans, Inspector-General of Gnols, quite shattered the doleful tales told in Parlia ment by that political gosling, Mr Ilitmo Cook, M.L.A., member for Brunswick, about the "poor prisoners" nnd the "bad cooking" thoy had to put up with. It appears tliero is 110 created thing, how ever savage nnd unlovely, but will have somo sympathiser, as is shown by the talc of tha two liltlo girls who saw a picture in a gallery representing the onrly Christians being thrown to tho lions. When they came homo Ethel said lo her mother, " Ob, mnminn, we saw the Christians being eaten by the lions, poor dears." Whereupon Edith remarked, " Yes, but one poor lion hnd no Christian." So Mr Cook's concern for tlio human tigers in Pcntridgc may be understood, although it is strange a law maker should look so kindly 011 law breakers. It appears the facilities for teaching girls in tho State schools cookory arc to lie cxtondoil, nnd this is certainly moro sensible tlinn leaching boys sewing. As for bachelors sewing on their buttons, .every bachelor does not livo in the primeval bush or "batch" so that surely lis landlady or housekeeper could do this trilling service for him. As regards tho cooking, it should bo taught in private as well ns Stnto schools. Every woman in tho land should know how to cook — from tho wifo of tlio millionaire to the wife of the labourer. There aro mnny women wiio become heads of households who cannot grill a chop decently, and have 110 idea of serving cold moat up in any otlior way than the eternal "stew." It is oxcossivo drinking by tho male members of tbo family in this colony is caused by tlio wretched culinary arrangements in many homes. And small moans is not always the reason — it is the want of knowledge. The wife of a French or Gcrmnu peasant can often put on a tempting and savoury dinner for her husband on his return from tho fields. Croat complaints arc being mado about the Railway Commissioner's fancy for cuttle-pits ill lieu of level crossings. Of courso economy is tho object, ns the erection of gntcs, gate-house and wngcB of a gnfe-koepcr are dono away with. But it seems Hint those cattle-pits nro very dangerous, nnd if a return wns called of tlio fatalities nnd casualties thnt have happened in connection with them, peoplo would ho astonished nnd shocked. Farmers and others should note cortain alterations announced by tho Govern ment in regard to the Credit Foncicr bond issuos. The Commissioners have decided that there will be 110 bnllot during tho next five years. Tho money which mny become avnilablo by farmers' repayments during thnt timo will bo used to repurchase bonds. The Commissioners have nlso raisod tlio rato of brokorngo to 10 por cont. Lnrrikiuism in tlio city nt tlio present timo is rife, and country visitors should ho very enrofnl ns to whom they make inquiries from on thoir visits ' to tlio metropolis. In addition to tho notorious " lint Push " — a well-dressed band of spielers and pickpockets — thoro is another larrikin organisation known ns the "Crutchy Fusil," whioh dorivos its nnmo from tho fact thnt most of its - members nro eripplos. Thoy arc n particularly rowdy and violent mob of rnflians, and cnuso tho polico a lot of trouble. Only a vory mild sonsation was caused on Friday, 15th inst., when it was announced thnt tho hook-bmdors of Melbourne had gono out on Btrikc. Tlio Society issued a circular about tho middle of hist 111011 til demanding thnt on and lifter IB tli .Septombor tbo minimum rato of wage bo inorcnaod to £3 por wook for 48 hours' work, Tlio employers rofusod tlio concession ; so 011 tlio (into mentioned tho hands coascd work, with tlio result that tho cmployors decided to advertise for other hands, Book-binding is not a vory intricato art, nnd I hoar a number of females have docidcd to apply for positions, which will 110 doubt lio afforded them. Two pounds twelve per week is not a had ivago tlicso times, and perhaps tho strikers will find themselves in tho uucnviablo position of the poor compositors who demanded moro wages at a most inopportune time, whon tho linotype was just coming into vogue. A Northern paper reports that a fanner has lost a lot of milk in consoquouco of his cows boing sueltod by jew lizards. What next will tlio poor agriculturalists havo to contend against. By tho way, thoro is and old Irish superstition that fairios disguised as hares stonl tlio milk in the same fashion. Ladies anh Gentlemen. — Particular nttontian is raquastod to nnothor column, whore my First Show of tho Latest Leauinu Productions of Drapery, Clothing and Boots for tho Last SrntNa or the Century is announced, when a Visit of Inspection will nn ESTEEMED A FAVOUR. — A, S. SAUNDERS, Federal Stoke, Orbost, 