HE SOLD IT. I am afraid that I once spoiled a good book agent,” said the head member of a book agency. . . ^ e 'la<^ Sotten out an expensive reli gious book, and had advertised for agents to handle it. "Among the numerous applicants was a tall, lanky youth. I asked him if he thought he could sell books, and he said that he reckoned he could. \- ^ ei^r "cb, said I, ‘I’ll see what you can do. Take this book, and consider that I am your intended victim. The price of the book runs from 2 dols. to 4 dols., but you must always endeavor to pell the highest priced book, although it is no disgrace if you only succeed in sell mg the cheaper kind. It you succeed in selling me a book I will hire you. Now go ahead.' “He took the book, fumbled it awk wardly. and then stammered: “ 'Ye don't wanter buy a book, do ve mister?' “I smilingly answered that I did not. “ ‘Better buy one,’ said he, ‘I'll sell it to ye pretty cheap.’ ‘Get out of here!' I yelled, pretending to be mad. ‘Don’t you see that sign, “Book Agents Not Wanted?" ’ “/I’ll yet ye hev one fer 4 dols., mister, seein it s ye,’ said he, taking off his coat and throwing it on the floor. “ ‘I am afraid-’ I began. “ ‘Four dollars, mister, an' cheap at the price,’ he added, as he rolled up his shirt sleeves. “I didn’t like the looks of all these war like pi-oceedings. and declared the test off. But he refused, and gave me three minutes to ‘dig up’ the price of the book. “While I was trying to make the fellow understand that the joke had gone far enough he jumped at me. “I didn't stand the ghost of a show with the husky youth, and I soon found myself on the floor, with the would-be book agent sitting upon me, saying some thing about a book he would sell me ‘powerful cheap.’ “To save my life I reluctantly consent ed to take one of the 2 dol. kind. He said he was sorry, but he only sold the 4 dol. kind. “He allowed me to get one hand loose and I produced 4 dols., whereupon he re leased me, and wanted to know how soon he could go to work. I kept my word, and hired him, sent him as far West as I could, and then dis charged him by wire.” A curious application was made in the Court of Chancery. On the marriag of Admiral and Lady Seymour very large sums of money were put in settle ment on the husband and on the wife The stocks settled were named in the respective settlements, and the Admir al's bankers, who had the custody ot them, received the dividends. In course of time one of the trustees of the Ad miral’s settlement resigned, and it be came necessary to appoint another. To know what stocks should be put in the settlement, as the stocks had been varied from time to time, the Admiral got a list from his bankers, and they accident ally included in it some of Lady Sey mour’s stock. As a result, some of her ladyship’s property got into the new settlement, and Mr Justice North was now asked to authorise a re-transfer of L7S2I to its original position. His lord ship sanctioned a transfer of that amount, or, as there had been a small loss on the sale of her stock, which had got into the husband’s settlement by mistake, stock of such value as would niake, or nearly make, up the differ A famous musician says that 60 par cent, of the Germans understand music, 16 per cent, of the French, and 2 per cent of the Elnglisb. -( 