Ded!isa£§O3i S@r^ice. The Archbishop at St. John's. Handsome raemoriaOs. The La&c; l?en. ArcfcdGacon Sting ar.d ifoc EacG Or. Birown. An impreasivo service was that at SI. John's Church, Parramattu, on Tuesday evening, ou tho occasion of the dedication by tho Archbishop of Sydney of the new stone pulpit erected to memory of the late Archdeacon King and the now reading desk, subscribed for by the friends of the late Dr. Walter Brown and his fellow parishioners generally. The chancel of the Church had been handsomely decorated with jflowers by the ladies of the congregation. There was a large congregation. The Archbishop and the clergymen present walked up the aisle whilst the choir and ?congregation sang the processional hymn, ' For all Thy saints who from their labours rest.' The clergymen present included Arch deacon Gunther and Eev. E. Book (re spectively incumbent and curate of St. John's), Rev. A. H. Champion, Eev. A.W. Tonge (The King's School), R6vs. E. and . 0. King — sons of the late Archdeacon IKing, Eev. J. O'Conor (Smithfield), Eev. H. E. Pigoitt (Eouse HiU), Eev. J. Shear man (Liverpool), and' Rev. H. Harris Walker. A shortened form of evening service was proceeded with. After the Third Collect the Yen. Arch deacon Gunther formally requested the' Archbishop to dedicate the gifts of the day ; and the Archbishop offered up special prayers as follows : — ' Almighty God with whom do live the spirits of them who departed hence in the Lord, we remember before Thee all Thy servants de parted in Thy faith and fear, and especially at this time Thy servants in whose memory these gifts have been presented for Thy service in this sanctuary. Accept, we beseech Thee, the dedication or them to Thy glory as we : humbly offer them in the name of Jesus Christ 'Thy Son our Saviour. Amen.' ' Grant that, by Thy Holy Word which shall be read and expounded in this pulpit, and by 'Thy Holy Spirit grafted inwardly in the hearts ? of those who speak and those who hear, we may both perceive and know what things we ought to do, and being not forgetful hearers but doers of Thy word, may have grace and uower faithfully to fulfil the same, through ?Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen.' ' Grant that ? those who minister in this prayer desk, and those for whom they minister may have grace to ask such things as please Thee, and that their prayersand praises may be acceptable before them, through Jesus Christ -our Lord. Amen.' The Archbishop then pronounced the following sentence of dedication,, thecongre .gation all standing : — ' To the glory of God I hereby dedicate this pulpit and this prayer desk for tho service of God in this sanctuary, and in the memory of Archdeacon King and Dr. Walter Brown; and may the blessing of Almighty God, Father, Son and Holy Ghost rest upon these memorials, and may they be used for the furtherance of -the gospel and for promotion of true and acceptable worship in this place.' The Archbishop preached a short sermon,' his text being taken from Mark xiii. 33-37, and commencing ' Take ye heed, ?watch and pray.' The discourse dealt ?with the^attributes of fidelity and patience in tho service of the Master ; and the preacher made special reference to the hallowed memories which were associated in the minds of the parishioners of St. John's with the lives and the work of the departed Churchmen whose Christian char acter the gifts, as memorials offered by the parishioners, were dedicated that evening. After tho rest of the service — which in cludod the hymns ' O Holy Spirit, whom our Master sent,' and ' 0 God our help in ageB pust ' — had been brought to an end, the Apostolic Benediction was solemnly ^pronounced by the Archbishop. 