(Sitabag fUaiimg. JOHN THE BAPTIST. Bv John Watson, M.A., D.D. ('Ian Maclaren' of Sefton Park, Liver pool.) Among them tliae are born of women ihora i.aili not rison h greater tli.™ John the Baptist. —Matt, xi., 11. Two men stand in the background of Jesus' life whose histories are woven like a net of golden threads through the story the' extremes of moral contrast. One was Jesus' forerunner, who only saw the Lord once, when he acknowledged Him as the Messiah, and the other was Jesus' king, who only saw his subject once, when he took the opporutnity of insulting Him. When Jesus was at work in Galilee, Herod and John the Baptist were in Herod's cas tle. One of them was in the banquet-hall in luxury and wantonness, and the other was in his dungeon below in affliction and in irons. Both of these men bethought them selves of Christ, one of them shortly before, when he sent the message to Jesus and asked if he was the Messiah, and the other shortly after, when Herod was afraid that Jesus tfas John arisen from the dead. To. each man Jesus sent word. To John he sent, 'Blessed is he whosoever shall not be offended in Me,' and to Herod he sent, 'Woe unto thee.' For John's mission very peculiar quali ties were required; not because the mission was dangerous (though it was), but be cause it was so humble. In the way John fulfils his remarkable mission, one catches sight of an almost unique, if not an entirely unique nobility of character. It is easy enough, as you know, to obtain men of ani lnal courage, who will take great risks and rejoice to be in the forefront of the bat tle; who will not be afraid to lay down their lives, and who will havca man's joy in danger — aggressive, masterful, deter mined, full-blooded men! They can be found any day upon the street, and they can be found in any place by hundreds, in any -society which is not absolutely deca dent and rotten. It is far more difficult to get men who are willing to forget them selves, and to do obscure work; to be the pioneers of great causes, and to sink them selves, their lives, and their reputations in their cause. JOHN'S CHARACTER AXD COMMISSION'. Such a character means utter self regardlessness and a mind cleansed from vain ambitions; an elevation above this present world and a pure vision of noble ideals. Such was the character of John. And they are the men that are a rebuke to you and me, and a stimulant. Between John and the apostles of Jesus there was an enormous difference. The. apostles went everywhere with the mes sage of a triumphant cause, of a Christ who had died and risen again, arid wher ever they went throughout the cities of the Roman Empire signs and wonders followed them. Of course, they had to suffer, but then no man cares anything about suffering — pure suffering. It is the lot of the soldier, and if an apostle had to die, why he died, with the sound of vic tor}- in his ears, and the last thing he saw was the cross for which he had fallen moving triumphantly forward as he died. John had to preach of a Christ no person had seen, of a kingdom of God that had not yet come. He had to do his work in the desert, in the company of the wild beasts, with no visible results. No Christ, mark you; no Christ kept vigil with him. John's humiliations had not the partnership of Christ. John was alone; and even when John died, he died just in the grey dawn, and died never having had a hand in the battle that was to be. That was the hard ship of John's condition. John kept himself very rigidly within his commission, and never once allowed himself to be intoxicated by popular ap plause, which is the danger of all pro fessional men and of all artists— the danger of every man who figures in the eyes of the public. Is there any object under heaven so sad as the decadence of a prophet — when a man who has a mission to perform becomes intoxicated with his own message. When a man who has to prepare a way to the kingdom of God comes at last to think himself greater than the kingdom, when the bearer of a great and immortal truth thinks himself greater than the truth he bears? The corruption of the best is the worst, and when a pro phet goes astray it is the greatest catas trophe in ethics and in religion. John maintained an even mind. When asked who be was. he did not require to say that he was the .Messiah. There are a hundred ways in which ' a man may politely turn aside a compliment ? but iccept it *U the same. ;He might '? have ? allowed them to think, thougih %g ^dis claimed it, that After all he was the Messiah. But what, did he say to those who asked him that .question? I the Messiah? Never! . Foolish to suppose that I am the Messiah. Elias? No, not Eliae! (He was!) A' prophet? Not a ptophet, not a prophet at alfl' He did, not have to 'say thai; he was a prophet. Uy and-bye men would see whether he was a prophet or not. 'What are you then, what are you?' 'I will tell you. This is what I want to be-^a voice that sounds across the desert air and behind that, a man unknown. A name to 'be disregarded, to be forgotten.' That is John. -When Jesus came it was a moment of great joy to John. It was also a moment of great sorrow, !for the coming of Jesus meant -the close of John's work. He could still approach the Messiah, and he could still send disciples to the 'Messiah, But ihis disciples belonged to the Messiah now, and his message was completed. The very earnestness of his iife had made ham unfit to be. one of Jesus' apostles. For Jesus could' not take an ascetic from the desert, -who had separated himseOf from men, and make him the apostle of this new Gospel of the cross. When Jesus came, John's .work was done, and this was a tremendous trial to the man. THE GREATEST TRIAL. You are young now, -and I pray you may have a great work to do. But the day will come when you grow old, and the younger man has to do the work, and then will, come the trial. For a man to be able 'and to have an opportunity to do the work is happiness. But ah, to Jay it aside and to give dt to another man.1 We may be thankful if that time' does not last long. John would not have wished to have lived after his work was done and his message had been delivered. A man with no mes sage, nothing left him, and no share in the big work. His work was done. And when a man's work is done, let him die. The man (John) would have chosen death. His death trowned and completed and en tirely satisfied and glorified his lafe. ? I have not exhausted the nobility of John, for I have not exhausted his temp tations. Isn't it a desperate thing, when you and I are fighting a spiritual battle and have enough to do with the enemies in our own soul, that people will rush in from the oubsMe, not to help the better self in a man, but to help the worst self? People looked on and saw Jesus and John. They saw Jesus succeeding and saw John silent. Now came the chance for the Pharisees. They hated John because John naa tow cue trutn. rney suspected Jesus because Jesus had not yet lent HimseOf to the traditions of the period. Now was the opportunity. Is there anything more agreeable to a certain kind of man than to make trouble, and to kindle a flame especi ally between two good men and between two friends, and then when the fire is burning the mean wretch warms his hands at it? Now is the chance, they said, and we will pro to ?JO'lin. .loun, tney saaa, wiiat about Jesus now? Thou didst say He was the Messiah. Thou didst tell people to honor Him. They are honoring Ham. Unless you are mistaken, your own disciples are leaving you and eoingto Jesus. What about Jesus now?' Have you ever — this in a parenthesis — have you ever seen good in a man when other people have not seen it? Have you ever prophesied that that man is going to succeed, and to take a high , place, and have you seen him take a higher place than you, while you fell into the shadow. And then did you feel exactly toward the man as before? That~ss a severe test of character. You praised him before, when you found reason; now when he is higher than you, are you still praising him? * JOHN'S ANSWER. They didn't understand John. They measured John by their own petty miser the piiaraisaical souls, full of envy, bitter .ness and jealousy-. And John turned to them. 'Now,' he said, 'I will prove my case out of your own mouths. Did I not say He was greater? Am I not right, and is not He greater than I ever imagined? I tell you he is the bridegroom.' O pa thetic image! Here is a man who denied 'liniself the chief good of life, of earthly life, which is a pure woman's love. He de nied himself that. For him there was no woman's love, no children, no home. Do you think he didn't feel that? Why did he speak about the bridegroom? 'He is the bridegroom,' he said, 'and I, what am 1? I am the bride groom's man, finding all joy in His foot steps. Does He increase? That is right, let Him be greater every day. Do I decrease? That is right, let me be for gotten—the bridegroom's friend.' How can you 'tempt a man like that ? The lughes-L arrow of fiery temptation you fly falls low 'beneath the feet of ouch' an heroic and magnanimous spirit. That is, John. But he died. He had a work to do, and he did it. He had to tell Herod a sin and he did it. Of -all the con temptible wretches in Holy Scripture, and I do not even except Judas Iscariot (the character of Judas is quite a problem at times), Herod Antipas stands alone in the New Testam'ent. He was the son of' a great and. bad man. For himself he kept his father's vices and had none of his father's ability. He offered the last insult to the Arabian princess, his wife, and car ried on a disgraceful intiinue in his parents' house. ILj beheaded John the Baptist be cause he 'was afraid of John; he was afraid oi people, of ghosts: afraid of every thing but sin and God. He was a Iktlc, petty, miserable Nero; a bundle of mean vices. John had finished hie work with Jesus, but while confined he lifted up his voice against Herod Antipas. Then, of course, what happened was inevitable. You can not terrify John, and Herod could not answer John, and; therefore, he put him into prison «nd sentenced him to death. If a ihan tells 'ike truth, the man who is condemned by that truth want?, if pos sible, to put him to death. A CACED EAGLK. So John lauded in prison. His is a strong nature and a wealth of moraT power, difficult, perhaps, to appreciate. But I daresav that here, in this University, with your distinguished and splendidly distinguished athletic training, you will be. able to enter into the spirit of John. John' wa6 virtually a Bedouin of the deserts, a man who did' not live in houses, but in the open-air— a man whose whole body was in a high state of physical training. You take that man -out of the open-air and put him. in a dungeon. He has lost now all this fresh air; the sight of the water running over the ford of Jordan— he has lost the sound of the birds at the side of the banks; the sight of the rising and set ting sun; hia lungs lose their power; the confinement acts upon the soul. He is utterly miserable, restless; and then his soul gets into trouble, and I don't wonder at it. - ' As he sits in the dungeon, without fresh air and without exercise, as be sits there a caged eagle-p&nd; a tragical, miserable, piti able thing is a caged eagle— be begins to ask questions. Here am I, and I ^on*t re- V- ?'..''? gret that I am here, for I told the truth ?.??.??':? and I don't mind if I am here, if the : -? Mngdom of God is succeeding! And I dptft care if; j imiist suffer. But what about Christ? Ihew that HeTs in Gali lee, and that He is not'^BUffering. He w eating and drinking trith publicans and '-. Bmners. He is associating with Pharisees and rulers. John didn'thiind if he put his body rdowh oh the road- to' make' a Bmooth place for the chariot of God 1» 'go over: but why should he he in a dungeon and Jesus be living at ease in Galilee? If Jesus raised the standard John would fol low Him and die with Him. -Why was Jesus living_as He was living, and why was he in the dungeon? ? I offer no apology, as some people do from the pulpit sometimes— and I think I have read these apologies in books — for this, as you may call it, lapse of faith in John. What if he did lose faith? Elijah himself lost faith onee, and Jesus was once crying, 'My God, My God, why hast Thou forsaken Me?' He was only right to be cast down. For if a man is not cast down when he sees iniquity on. a throne and righteousness in a dungeon; if - he is not cast down when the world is gain ing and the kingdom of God is losing; and if, under these circumstances, he doesn't ask, 'Where is God?' then 1 don't think he cares much about righteousness and the things of God. It was because John didn't care two straws about himself, but did care about the kingdom, that he was concerned. He said to Jesus, 'Master, have I made a mistake? I believe that - Thou art the Messiah. If Thou art the Messiah, tell me, and I am satisfied. But don't leave me in doubt in this dungeon, at the close of mfy life, when I have given everything I have to the kingdom of God.' When Jesus sent the message to John he paid a notable tribute to John. If Jesus had been sending a message to some of us ordinary men it would not have been couched in the same terms. He would have 6aid, 'My servant, do not be cast down, because thou art in a dungeon; for thy time is short. Do not lose hope, for thou shalt soon have thy reward, and in the meantime thou hast My sympathy.' That is the way an ordinary man is cheered up. We can't stand dungeons long. We cannot help feeling sorry about ourselves when we do not succeed. Ordinary people feel like that? But Jesus did not send a message like that to John. What did John care about dungeons? He didn't care about anything except the king dom -of God. Jesus said, 'I answer your heart. I don't mind your fetters. I answer your heart. I send you back upon Isaiah, your favorite prophet and mine.' Jesus said, 'Tell John what yoa have seen. Tell him you have seen sick Uldl 11IUUC WI1U1C, ,IUU uctvc OCCII uau men made good; the beginning of a new state that will be far greater than the Roman Empire, a state that will stand in the strength of love and righteousness. Tell him that. What more? Nothing more; that's enough for John; I know my servant. There will be no more dungeons, no more complaints when you carry back my message.' THE MASTER'S EULOGY. And as He sent them away carrying this message, He paid a high tribute to the nobility of John's character. It seems as though * Jesus could not contain him self. I do not want you to think I am exaggerating. He could not contain Him self when He thought of that man. You know our Lord never allowed himself to fall or rise, however you may call it, into ? rhetoric; alwavs speaking simply and nlainlv. and verv seldom usine rhetorical meanings to excite attention or passion. But on two occasions He did 6O, and it seems to me deliberately; once in His ter rible invective against the Pharisees — 'Woe unto you scribes and Pharisees' — and the other time when he delivered the eulogy of John. The first was the passion of detestation. The second, the passion of admiration. There is great heart in his eulogium, for Jesus deliberately set himself to work the people up into a white heat over John the Baptist. He looked at the people. They used to go a long distance to bear John. He was the ideal of their hearts. He looked at them and he said, ''Whom did ye go out to see?' And there was a silence over all the people. 'Did ye go out to see a reed, like one of the reeds on the banks of the Jordan, shaken by every little puff of popular applause; beaten down by every storm of popular disappro bation? ' Then He paused. There are questions that need no answer. There are questions that come back with a 'rebound of answer from the heart. John a reed! John was a mighty water, like the flood of Jordan that washed the reeds away. John was a mighty wind, before which even Scribes and Pharisees bent. All the people lifted up their heads, and every man straightened himself, and every man looked at his neighbor, and all seemed to say inside of their hearts, 'Amen! That is John!' And then as I take it there is- a pause. And Jesus begins again. 'Whom did ye go out to see? A man in soft clothes, like one of Herod's perfumed courtiers, who lie on ivory couches and wear the purple and eat fine banquets, and live luxuri ously?' A pause again. Then the people saw John rise before them, with * lis rough aarb; eating his loathsome locust food, lying on his earthen bed, with his thin, worn face, the very type of self-abnegation. Why, I think you know there were tears in tlie hearts of all the people. They thought of this man, who had literally lifted them in his arms and carried them to the very gates of the kingdom of God by the sacrifice of . everything that was dear to him. A man in soft clothing? Then the real John stood up, and the people said to themselves, 'Amen! that is John! That is John!' Jesus was not yet done. Ife began again. He wanted them to feel all .He had to say; but the people, as I read the story, could not stand it longer. This was* unendurable. He had so inflamed the hearts of the people that they could not keep quiet, and a man shouted out, 'Whom did we go to see? A prophet! a prophet!' And from a different place came the cry of 'A prophet, a prophet,' and from another place, 'A prophet, a prophet,' and from still another, 'A: prophet,' and from all through the throng, the one word rang. The greatest name you could give a man, in- comparison with which the name of priest cannot be mentioned, -nor the ? name of king, nor even the name of states man. The greatest name— Moses, Elijah, Isaiah, Jeremiah, Amos, Hosea, all pro nhets. Then Jesus looked at the people. He was almost satisfied, but not quite. 'A prophet? You are right. But greater than any prophet. The prophet saw Me afar off, but this roan ran before My face. The prophets suffered for Me, but this man laid himself down that' My chariot might roll over -.his body.' There will be people who, shall know more than John— they will have supe riority o£ knowledge, but, said Jesus, a man will not be born who will be greater than John in character, and superiority of character is the crown of life. Do you ? take in the worthiness -of that judgment? Do you understand what that means: There., js .Herod, a king, a powerful man. TKe oppressing splendor of his palace stretched its long shadow across .-*fllilee; Do you see it? Are you envious? Do you envy to-day any modern Herod in his splendor and wealth tmd power? There is John without a home, without a friend, in a dungeon, about to die at the 'bidding of a wanton, and to be buried out of sight. You see him? A man who devoted himself to the greatest things of God, nutting self aside, content to do God's bidding. Which would you rather be? What would any man of Galilee have said if you had asked him? What would you have said? Would you rather stand jn Herod's shoes, or in the shoes of Johr ** the Baptists? Who has succeeded. John the Baptist or Herod Antipas? Whafwould you have said? Would you rather have been upstairs with Herod in the banquet hall or downstairs with John in the dun geon? j There is only one judgment upon that. 'We can make no mistake about the past, for the judgment has been given . by the Judge of the whole world. Who suc ceeded? Why, the Son of God rose off His throne that day, because He could not sit in quietnesB — He rose from His throne in an absolute enthusiasm of delight and approbation and pronounced judgment up on John the Baptist. When Jesus said -the greatest among men, the light of Heaven filled that dungeon, though John did not see it, and the walls of the dungeon passed away, and over his modest, un conscious, self-regardless life, the angels Df Almighty God stood— I do not say in admiration of him, but I will say in holy and beautiful approbation. 