THE LADIES' COSTUMES. According to anticipations, Derby day brought out some of the most striking gowns that have been seen tlhis season. The wea ther in tbe early part of tbe day being warm even to ibo-tness, the majority of gowns were as light as anything their wearers had In their wardrobes. Natnra-Hy this contributed Coward making the scene one of exceptional brilliancy— <i brilliancy that was -still further enhanced by the number of bright colored parasols carried. The blue parasol seems the favorite for -the moment, nud to bo "In the swim" its advocates are presumably con tent to sacrifice -their personal appearance unreservedly. To the average woman It Is doubtful if anything could be found less -be coming Itlinm the blue parasol. Of course Influenza got blamed for a great many dis tressed, looking women last Saturday, while If the truth were told It was nothing: but the prevalence of the bine parasol that 'was" thc' makltcr with their personal appearance. Others who sacrificed comfort to fashion were those who had elected to wear' 'lbs transparent yokes and sleeves we: have hitherto heard of rather thau(see'n. One lady Iti an effective black gowu had her 'Sleeves and yoke made oif such flue net as -to -be little iuore -opaque -than ordinary hat'yeliiug. It was a -palpable fact that from white her skin went to pink, and from pink to « red so warm In tone that It is Improbable that she will be. able Ito don evening dress wltli uuy degree' of. comfort for some little time to come. A good dea-l of black and steel was worn — one woman in a black gown with horizontal bandings of steel braided net very closely resembling an enormous purse of the old fashioned order— an effect thnit was'. con siderably 'heightened by a brilliant -"cuirass". ;belt. The n-L'tendance was quite, up to. the Derby average, though It was a noticeable fact that, while a very great many visitors were in evidence, a very great many more familiar faces Were absent.. Needless to re mark, Influenza was accountable for the ma jority of -the . absentees, Ithough with the weather we are having it Is more than prob able that a great many convalescents will be able to "do" ithe Gup. There was, In fact, Saturday, and the "influenza cough" .was audible on ail sides. Several big lunches and tons were given. , Mrs. Percy Ohtruside en tertained about 00 guests at luuohobn, an other big party being given by Mrs. "Wesley, Ilall. Air. H. Sargood and the Hon. J. Clarke also entertained friends. 'Mrs. Govct't and -Mrs. Sylvester Browne gave the .biggest teas, the guests of each being something over 300 In number. There was not a "ghost of a Show" for those who lind neglected to secure tables adjacent to the carriage' pad dock very early In the day. The condition of the weather made, al fresco -meals- more of a necessity than a luxury, aiud hot n vacant corner was available "under the vines" either at lunch or afternoon tea time. - The vico-rogal party Was of very, con siderable proportions, and though, by reason of the unwonted -preponderance of men, It was -less interesting from tbe sartorial point of view than usual, some smart gowns were In evidence 1m -the vlee-rega! box. Lady B-rassey was .becomingly gowned in very tine canvas, in a warm -tone of -pale grey mounted on silk. The upper -portion of <the bodice was In cream applique over white satin, very uarrow-pnle -blue velvet ribbon be- lug -run along tho -top of the tower bodice. A full ostrich feather -boa -and a black -hat of line straw, t-rtimned wi'Mi -black and white tulle, wl'tlh touches of 'blue, gave a happy finish' to -her costume. Mrs. Pearson's gown was of grey, trimmed with passementerie and mandarin yellow velvet, nud a grey bait, profusely trimmed with ostrich plumes. Lady Tennyson wore -white silk, 'trimmed wltlh lace, and a. leghorn hat, with pluk roses and black and white feathers. Lady Hilda Keppet -was in pink and white figured silk, wi'th creaui lace revers and a black- toque. -Her sister, Lady -Mary Keppol, wore blue figured silk, with a White yoke and lace collar, and a black and white liat, i ri Liruii'u \v I wi wui're cuiu-uu uiiu rcuuieis. A -remarkably handsome. gown- was worn by Airs. Dickens. It was of fine black Silk -muslin, showing a large design lu black mounted on -white sa'tlu. The bodice was -relieved -with '- ruined- - chiffon. A blue .tulle toque aiid . -plnlu blue silk costume completed- what -was certainly one of the -best of -the Derby day gowus. - Airs. Pakonh-n-m looked very -well in a -blue and white 'figured silk, and an effective 'little toque. . A very much admired costume was' worn by Janet Lady Clarke. It was of finest silk -muslin, -beautifully embroidered with an applique design 1-n black— the de sign being slightly spangled. It was mounted ou white silk, -the bod-lco.illustrated a; popular Style, being principally of finely gathered chlff-on, oyer -which the embroider ed net was fitted as far as the shoulders. There was a 'most commendable finish about the costume that suggested, very; careful "building." A small black toque was .worn with I-t. Lady. Madden -was ..beautifully gowned In -maize-colored silk, under : em broidered silk muslin of the same shade. The oversk-trt ''was cut with a deep, .full flounce, its upper part fitting closely over the underskirt. Ribbon velvet ItV-p'ale blue was used as. trimming in. -the bodice, a . blue tulle 'toque, with maize-colored roses finish ing the Costume. .-MIss-AJ-addou wore -blue; and -Miss 'Leslie Madden a pretty ; white gow-n. Lady "Williams was lu pink and white figured silk muslin, and a large black (bat. Lady Helled Smith was one of the many who lea-d elected 'to -wear one of the "new satin foulards. Her's was a blue one, dotted with white. Her toque was carried ou-t.ta differ ent shades of cornflower .blue tulle, and pink flowers. A prettily arranged fiehu of white Diuslin amd a remarkably -handsomely de signed parasol finished her costume. A nice looking gown, In a very pretty shade of -mushroom brown, was worn by Airs. AV. R. AVilsou. The pointed polonaise was sparsely dotted " with small sequins, the 'petticoat -being of accordion pleated chiffon. Her toque wits trimmed with pink -roses. A very remarkable gown, made In somewhat simitar fa'shlon, was worn by Airs. Falconer AI'D-onald. In the case of her gown 'the underskirt was -of accordion pleated w-h'tte sfllk muslin, and the very tight fluting polonaise of cream lace. What „wns probably -the mosit striking costume on the course was -one worn by Mis. AV. Itobb. The trained underskirt was of -the most up to date variety, the top being skin -tight, and fihe bottom of 'the skirt undulhtlngly full. Tills underskirt was at bright blue soft silk flounces, and tho polonaise was of lace. A tulle toque matching the blue of tilie flounce underskirt was worn. Airs. Alastcrs wore black bodice relieved with White, and a black and white hat. Airs. Newell was In blue foulard, Allss Newell wearing biscuit colored voile. Airs.' O'Ha-na was In pink niusUn, with a floral de sign, -and n blue tulle toque. Airs. Daley wore, blue canvas, Miss 1'hllltp-s fawn voile, with waistband and bodice "finishings" of palo magenta colored ribbon , velvet. Airs. Sanders was effectively gowned In black, her costume having a large white collar of the sailor variety. Her hat was of fine black leghorn, tied with 'tulle streamers. A very handsome gown was worn by Mrs. Percy Ohlmsilde. The polonaise was of fine Ivory white canvas .mounted in silk, and worn -over ti petticoat of turquoise blue silk. The polonaise was edged with lace applique. Her toque was' of pink, roses, with touches of cream and pale blue. Airs. E. Raleigh wore pink foulard, the vest .and yoke being of ivory white satin under cream guipure, nnd -black net 'toque. Miss Garter wore a polonaise of very handsome silk In white, with -broad inn live flowered stripes over a pptticoat flounced with mauve flounces, each edged with honlton braid. The polonaise was edged with -beautiful lace applique. It wns cut Ar shaped at the back of the bodice, the V being filled In with mauve frlllls, each edged with lionlton braid, similar to that used In the petticoat flounces. Her hat was in different shades of greeu. Aldlle. Llet wore pink floral muslin, the upper part of the liodtee, as well as -the sleeves, being of deep pink silk under fine black Inee and narrow velvet bandings. A leghorn hat, bound with black velvet nnd trimmed with roses, made an effective finish to her cos tume. Airs. KrcroiiSc -wore h handsome gown of blue nnd white dotted satin foulard, the bodice relieved with white chiffon, and a smart toque of net and tips was worn. Allss Krcrouise was very prettily gowned In Ivory white Sicilian, the short coat -bodice showing a broad white tucked vest. Her oatmeal Straw hat was trl-mnied with. targe rosettes In mauve, pink and greqn silk — the last-named color being In -twp shades. : Airs. Falconer wore china blue. voile, the. skirt having treble flounces at the back. -Airs. Pchleslngor -wore floral muslin, with touches of mandarin yellow velvet. Mrs. Moles- worth, biscuit .colored voile, . embroidered with cream braid, tbe (skirt double, and n blue tulle toque. Airs. Bingham, a floral blue muslin, a becoming leghorn -hat trim med -with ptok roses completing her costume. Allss -Pra'tt was in white silk, s black, and a black tulle sash an smart gowu wns worn -by . Airs, phen. The skirt consisted of tli of line white muslin, finished \ narrow single ribbon of fiurquok vet. Tbe 'bodice was of 'turquoise, with a white muslin Uchu arraup it round the shoulders, according whim of the moment. Her hat « black leghorn, 'effectively trim! tulle. --Lady Dairies wore -black I mounted on violet silk, and a viol. Her. gown was trimmed ..with mo velvet ribbon. Allss Siddelcy nasi green , voile, the bodice having; a Ik pery -of the same material. The g\ a polonaise (over an liudcrsl!-. itself— thus ' being, .'something .ol like common. Allss -AAThftc wore maize i muslin spotted with -black, and a blnl Airs. AI'Eacliara was handsomely gov; pale grey voile, '."showing a design in , braided lace. A white toque trimmed green was .worn. Airs. J. G. Duffy Yv grey, with bodice. -trimmings, of cerise v\ ribbon; Allss Aim-got Duffy being' becom ' gowned In a'silk -slti-iped voile. Airs. II, .wore a green arid pink checked gow- a rose colored tulle roque. A pecnlia tunic was. worn by Airs. Agar Wynne. F, mentally, ft was of bright coral pin-lA horizontally striped with black. OveA was a polonaise of blue nnd black st.it grenadine. The upper bodice was of r y coral silk. -A black leghorn -ha't did s thing to modify the rather startling \ Miration of colors 111 lube gown. Airs. All Allller was lu slate grey voile, the but opening over ficelle luce over satin, a) Golln Tem-plcto-n was well gowned in / foulard,- 'the skirt, being flounced with f fine black -lace. The bodice -had an ri bodice of tucked ehlffou. Airs. Clurne- blue and white -satin foulard, and a .1 trimmed with 'two shades of oornfloivi tulle. ; Allss Gwendoline C'lioinlev, inuslin over blue. Airs. Coldha-m w< black satin foulard spotlt-ed with wliiteST bodice -being effedtively draped with a wHS ;t muslin flchu. Her Ik-at wns of black Bj,,i rfvu eucccive mauve costume was wo-rnW⁡,? Airs. Heribert Power. -It was o-f vH,S trimmed with velvet ribbon and narrdk cream applique. The bodice had a saiip collar of .handsome mauve and white brocade., A violet Itulle toque trimmed with violets completed 'the costume. Allss Smith was In pink and white figured onusllu, nnd a white leghorn -hat -trimmed with roses. Airs. John Turubull wore black stui-ped grcuadlrie,- her bonnet showing touches of white. Miss Turubull wore a pretty gown lu bine volleT and a leghorn hat trimmed Willi white plumes and black velvet. Mrs. En- th-oven wore black figured voile -made with a polonaise over a tucked petticoat of the same material, - and. a- black and white hat. Airs. H. Osborne wore a coat nud skirt cos tume In mouse grey. Airs. Lang was well gowned . In China blue silk striped with white, and Showing a design In very narrow black velvet-ribbon. Her toque was in black and white, wl-lh a touch of cerise. Airs. Lpmpriere was effectively gowned In a black and white cheek. Her hat was pluk satin straw trimmed with pink. Mrs. Oarr RJddcll Stanvey wore, .brack and white foulard trimmed with flue la-co: Allss Geva Stanley looking remarkably well . In white, with a white dlreetolre hat trimmed with black velvet ribbon. Allss Lllloy was in pink, wtlh white underbod Ice. Airs. H. Cave wns effec tively gowned in blue and white striped silk, with a vest of cream iace. Her hat was black, with toucbesof mandarin yellow. Allss Templeton wore floral nvuslln trimmed, with black velvet ribbon. Airs. Alaudesley, hlaek flnoly spotted with white, the bodice opening over guipure -over satin, -and showing a sailor collar In tho same. Mauve velvet ribbon wns used on . the bodice. Airs. II. M. Cbomloy wore nvouse grey voile with bands of silk figured - material. PJuxj lace wns employed as a trtm-mlug. Her hat was green trlmuied with pluk n-ml white. Allss Riddle wore black spotted inuslin over pink, and a black bat. Allss Box Was very well gowned in white embroidered muslin, with a black tulle sash. Her hat was In black and white. Airs. J. T. Leinpriere wore a handsome black can vas gown, -Ike skirt having a deep flouuee finely tucked. The costume had a polonaise effect, carried- out with very narrow cream applique,, and had a -waistband and bodice trimming of -turquoise blue velvet. The -top of tbe bodice was a white ruffied clilffon. and the toque of white net under finely scqulned black -tulle. Allss De- l'anoy Fortlh wore vlory white. Airs. Grlce wore a. handsome gown oif cream silk, with a fi ne black spot. Her saslh was of very fine black -luce, aud her -toque effectively carried out in iilii.-ek and iw-lilte tulle. . Alias Boyd was -In -iyor,v white Sicilian. licit -lint. was white trimmed -with forgct-mi o-not blue, aiul a sunsh-ad-o of the saime color, A very pretty gown -was worn by Afll-ss At'Oaugliiii. I-t was of -huscn'i-t color voile, -showing' -a very effeotlve design In cream applique. The under skirt -was flounced with llowcns bor dered wl-tlh -moss green velvet. . The hat was of tho dlreetolre variety, will oh being Inter preted Is la small "coal scn-ttle," In line black straw tied 'with tulle streamers. Aldlle. Dreyfus wore cornflower blue chiffon in a deep shade, with vest and yoke of white ruffied chiffon, and n leghorn hat trimmed wflit-h l-oses. Miss D'Ebro, white silk -with a 'Chine -pattern'' in pl-nk and pale gireen sleeves under very fine, embroidery. Mrs. Keep, green. 'Airs. G-rlmiwndo was In grey nnd white foulard, trimmed with very fine black lace and -white chiffon. Airs. J-enklivs wore grey and. black figured silk, trimmed wil-t-h crea-m guipure and black velvet and a pink and white -bonnet trim-uied with black. .Miss Jenkins was in green floral muslin, showing a very little trimming in narrow black velvet vlb-bon, and a white -hat with n'crown in 'drawn pink tulle trimmed with black velvet ribbon. ' Airs. Grossman -wore iwhitc muslin finely embroidered and will te -hat, with very -narrow black velvet Introduced In Its -trlmmilng. Allss Pant-on wore a grey and nvbit-e satin foulard and a maize colored hat.-' Mrs. IJa-rold Grlriiwade wore a -grey ©Ilk -blouse with a grey voile skir-t and a violet hat. Mrs. A. H. Sargood, pale grey 'twill with cream shoulder cape, trimmed with -silk fringe and a violet hat. Alias Young wore pale green and white fou lard, with a trellis design in moss green vel vet ribbon, and a white ihn't. Miss G. Sar good was In ptok floral imuslln .with 'an oat meal st-rahv -bait 'brimmed with small pink rose®. A verj- handsome gown was worn by Mrs. Ruttcr Clarke. It was -In deep cream silk under a deep flounced under skirt of fine silk 'muslin, 'showing a design In cream lac# braid. Her -hat wl-is -carried out in pink. Al-rs. AV-esley Hall was effectively gowned In a polonaise of green figured foulard worn over a flue black lace flounced petticoat, fun damentally green. Ilor 'toque was lu -black. Allss Dempster wore dull greou, witih a black li'at. Airs. David Alills Wore violet and white (foulard, with u polonaise effect car ried out by means -of ruffied violet sa tin rib bon; '-her -white riil Hon yoke showed n slight design in 'the narrowest black" velvet ribbon, and her toque nva's black. Airs. A. E. Battle wore a ifouUa-rd -in blue, red and black. Allss Meyer wore a black and white cheeked skirt, an Eton jacket -with a white sailor collar nnd a deep folded belt 1-n ,palc blue silk. Airs. George Kelly -was very -well gowned in black silk covered with flue black gauze, showing a design .In black ruriicd satin- ribbon. Tills was flmisbod with cerise velvet. Her toque was prlndl'ii'ally of black itulle. -Airs. Hawaii wore 'u.neic. airs. w. -i . unioigu oiue n-nu White foulard and -aniall bonnet. Airs. Iirough wore a very dark blue coat and skirt, and a rose colored h'a-t -trlnmied with roses to - match-; also black roses. -Alias Temple, black coa't and -skint, black aud white vest, and toque of dark red roses. Mrs. Croker, pale grey (silk spatted -with -black and pink, orcam lace covered the bodice, which was also eiiibroklcired with .jet. - Her hat was white trimmed <w.lt'h -white and pink roses. Miss -Croker wore creOim voile, with a lace yoke and a white hat -With touches of black. Airs. D. Irvine wore a pretty dross o-f black and -White silk, -with a black satin coatee opening over a white satin vast with lace. Her ih-a-t was of sequined net trimmed with black and white ostrich plumes. Airs. El- llston, grey -embroidered voile robe, with blue velvet ami crea-m lace. AHss Doilds, blue striped silk polonaise, edged wltli black lace, and iblnck Inee under skirt. Allss J. Dodds, blue silk -tucked costume, trimmed with Inee to form .princess robe. Airs. AV. Jn'mleson, black soutache polonaise, with under skint of -mervoilleux silk frills, edged Willi velvet ribbon, t'he bodl-eo trimmed with white embroidery, chiffon and Inee. A vio let -toque completed her costume. Allss Pratt pretty -French inuslin In green and blue over green silk trim-med with : crea-m lace. Airs. N. Fitzgerald -wore a black aud white costume. Tbe -tunic was of black silk, spotted, -well trimmed with deep Silk fringe, falling over a silk flounce and a black and White toque. AHss T. Calvert, grey silk cos tume, trimmed, with ivory guipure and white crepe -sash, fringed with silk. Airs. L. L. Smith, grey embroidered -robe, over yellow silk, the bodice, trimmed with cream lace and 'turquoise blue velvet. Allss Moore, pink muslin, trimmed wltli guipure lace and rib bon, and a -hat in pink tulle.' Airs. Hood wore fawn cloth, wltli green yoke under applique. Airs. George Chlrnslde, white muslin, with.- lace applique and a black and white -hat, trimmed with pink roses. -Airs. De Saxe, black brocade, and a -white hat, trimmed wl-tib green. Allss AV. Dnvoy, white silk, wi'th Inee insertion nnd blue belt nnd a -white picture hat. 'Allss D. Cohen, bright blue voile, -mounted on silk, with Ivory white sn-tln, yoke and vest under -lnec applique. A Chiffon fichu andbliick hu t completed her cos tume. Allss Campbell, pink foulard, figured with bl.ock, and trimmed with lace a-ppllquc. Mrs. -Charles Campbell, black striped grena dine over n frilled bodice, -trimmed -with jot, and a bonnet -of amber straw, trimmed with black. Airs. Arthur Hooper, china blue voile, with crea-m vest, aud a black toque. Airs. F. -Dskcll, white voile over green, and a green toque. AHss Buckley, cream muslin, trimmed -with narrow valeuclcnnes lace, and a pink bat. Miss L. Chapman, corn-colored crepe dc cbene costume, -with kilted flounces elegantly trimmed with ficelle guipure, finished with transparent lace; collar - nnd . n-t to ti.ia'tch. die do' voile, < Inee find tn- muted, the bodice (ise velvet, sunshade uud Glllett, cream silk gauze id flounces, bodice trlm- d insertion, tucked front," O shades of fnsclf.a satin !e to -ma-teh. . Airs. . Burns, lime, with Vcrede Areiebodlco dnure, tnbller of grey, edged . whole worn-'to ma tub. Mrs. yoile dress, 'Uriuin-.ed with > lace and grey velvet -with coir e of wisteria cbtffon . Allss E. ted grey' crepe rose, with top inped flounces, .edged.-with pnrlna i yoke, aud fiehu of itrey clrlffon. tea, blue and, til n ck role of F-reivch im-uved irit-li Hue grip ore, with er of griiskliopper gi-eei and . crenim 'Airs. Dalry-niple, oostimo of ficelle „-ltb guipure of Ughtcl shade, trans- n-t' collar, -wit-li tomato rtd velvet, .-with 11 -btrttons.of cut sl-eel, iind completed _h silk flounces of same bright . shade: Lss iMicliaelia, a dress pa-u blue floral mu-s. a,, . with' numerous .buncos,;.' turquoise; hiffion, 'edged with crr-'ui edging, sash ,of Dlue, and steel bnckle- Miss Kolly, dress of -Mack nnd wlvltc, trtmuird wltii white eh- iffon and rich bind- Aladame Plnscliof, a cliamuing gown of siber-brown gauze,, trim- mod with cream tlrc'-esseace nnd 1 maudarln velvet, lovely si- i-J oroaftouts.' Airs Fttz- geraiil, taporlcl ''w 'V08®, ,f voile, enihroi'lercl . with llcelle lace, -bodice ' of same, with stemnrier of pale blue gauze and narrow writes, completing It . wltli studded smock, >"utlou«, -the -whole of ; tbe dress on tiirquoSe glace. Mrs. Acirtt, "rev robe of cau-i de voile, wltli cream Frlii'ii'dug of cii'l011 autl guipure velvet, an cdl/a-r ol hitcu- -tra. -G. AVilsou, Dresden blue atid white satJn foulard, -wi-th iaco and gui pure of crea-m and V. .of tucked chiffon. Alada-ino Pfaff, parlna blue silk de voile, trimmed With llcelle guipure and chiffon, tucked vest over yellow -chiffon, with touches of yellow. Airs- Benson, a -lovely pear grey suuze, i -Lois -uiipu-i-Lcu, eostuiuie,- wixii g-rey and cream lace bodice, sleeves transparent lace, outlined witb.bebc ribbon,, t'he whole on grey, soft silk. Mrs. Tom (Obapmau, pale tan spotted silk, crepe de chene, with gui- 'piiro of fleclle color, tucked bodice of cream dh'Iffan, wi-th a brown -roller, craya't of gui pure gauze ribbon, 'transparcmit collar, With blinds of black chenille, 'Llic draped skirt iped with black sattu, and finished with shaped flounces, buckles antique silver, with urqnoisc, green Paris toque, with roses. Miss Pealc, cream Inee dress over cream surah silk, finished mandarin velvet. Allss Caulfleld, liuzzur blue voile, cromu lace nnd satin. . Mis. Thomas, cornflower. lilue satin foulard, trimmed with lace, ribbon and -steel buckles, ioque to mntcli. Airs. Harry Leigh, moire velour skirt, handsome _ silk blouse, oriental scqtiim yoke, trimmed -clilffon and bebe ribbon, crinoline hat, plumes and tulle. Allss Athelstunc, pretty violet skirt, cream cloth tailor-made coat, gold stitching, picture hat, black feathers. Airs. Alonta- gue Dare,- pale fawn cloth, braided with silver. Allss Cudmore Adcinldc. bine silk poplin, trimmed with handsome lnce and vel vet. Mrs. George Brncher, black duchess satin, tucked skirt, top skirt of grey voile, bodice of grey voile, Willi yoke of black duchess, finished with chiffon nnd lace. Mrs. J. Nathan, blue silk, with lace overdress. Airs. George Nathan, blue spot silk crepe de chene, dimmed with handsome tinted lace. Miss Campbell, pretty grey voile, tucked, trimmed with lace, pink velvet yoke, finished with lace. Airs. Hill, fawn eont and skirt, with cream chiffon vest. Allss Nleholls, em broidered grey voile, over white glace silk, trimmed, with lace, geranium velvet and buckles. Airs." Burns, rosebud -silk bodice, trimmed with green velvet nud pointed A'euiee .lntTo, cream voile skirt, with deep Almdyke points, finished with green. Airs. T. N. AVhyte, Geclong. turquoise blue muslin, trimmed with Vnlcnciennles lace. Airs. Jen- ken, blue French cambric . frlnSmcd with cream guipure. Airs. Levi, blue delaine cos tume, vest of cream lace over white satin. Airs. Sydney Smith, crepc do chene over pink silk, trimmed cream chiffon,' and golden brown velvet, black and rink hat. Airs. H. Steele, embroidered silver grey voile, over wlille -silk, scallopped skirt, frills edged with white bebe ribbon and Vril. lnce, bodice with yoke of white ruelied chiffon, piped with inoss cren in velvet. - Airs. Afvers. blue. mill white foulard, zouaves of twine colored gui pure over blue silk outlined with black vel vet, bebe ribbon, frills of blue nnd white silk on skirt edged with bebe ribbon over skint trimmed wltli twine colored applique: Allss Brockhoff, green nnd white muslin over white pretty bodice, wltli transparent yoke of npptlqu'e over moussoline-de-sole, strapped aud piped with green velvet and black and white frills, skirt with shape Hounce, trim med applique. Airs. Tliomns, fawn voile over silk zounVes of cronm guipure, with pipings of mauve silk, vest of pale innuve oblffon, tucked ; paste buckles on wnlstbnml .skirt, with petticoat of tucked voile, overdress edged with guipure. AHss Bobson, dainty dress of cornflower foulard, yoke of white satin covered .with ecru applique, flchu of silk edged .with, block anil .white frills, pointed npron skirt edged with-. black and white frills; petticoat of ;.Tieked ; . silk. Mrs.; Newsom,- pretty reseda" costume trimmed cream silk and guipure ami darker shade veivct. Allss Ford, bright blue voile borltce, corded and -trim in eel with ercam silk anil guipure, bine veivct -bands and steel buckles. Airs. Go rami, very pretty black voile, trimmed .black applique over white satin nud -tucked chiffon, velvet ribbons and jet buckles. Airs. Daniels, smart costume of dove grey'- voile trimmed white applique over white satin, grey and white velvet bebe ribbon and steel buckles. Lady AI'Mahon, handsome pale grey embroidered robe,; tur quoise blue silk yoke and facings and black nnd while chiffon. Airs. Herbert Smith, reseda costume -trimmed cream silk and man darin velvet, sll-lc bow and ends and steel buckles.; Airs. II. Botard-t, pretty florid muslin, over pa-Ie gi'een silk slip, lace and Insertion, finished with -steel buckles. Miss Asplnall, grey striped -silk, 'trimuicd cream silk, emerald velvet ribbon, straps and buckles and cream applique. Airs. Sclgen- berg, black and wthlte striped silk, (trimmed white applique over white satin, black velvet straps, steel bu'ekles, double skirt frills edged black lace; very effective costume. Airs. Simpson, white china silk embroidered robe, trimmed' -black velvet and white chif fon. Mrs; Woolf. beautiful ..grey costume over -pink, .-with lace ami - black vel vet. Airs. Lonoard, blue voile gown, with tiny frills n:t foot on skirt, edged wltli velvet ribbon, bodice trimmed wltli guipure lnce. Al-iss Poo'.man, lovely gown of hello'trope voile, skirt outlined with white silk Inser tion, bodice of rlcih embroidered silk trimmed- with white silk lace. Airs. Stewart AI'Ar- thnr, cream .voile skirt, with one of the lovely gnl-piire lace jackets over rich cream corded silk, and ou'tllned with black veivct, ribbon. Airs. ITatlt, beautiful blue and black lace robe over black silk bodice, caught -to one side with -huge bow of black tulle. Airs. ITeniy, pale blue, black and white foulard bodice, trimmed with .white chiffon, rirched, collars o-f pale blue (tucked silk with twine colored applique, frills on skirt edged uiuh, black bebe ribbon. Mrs. H. Wilson. Duck ,'ogg bine voile over pink silk bodice, trimmed with white clilffon and pln'k velvet, embroi dered skirt with shaped flounce, edged vrllli ndiili sn-tln liplie ribbon. -Afrs. T?. An<a(tn Whitehead, 'grey cloth costume over uhder- rlress of cerise, and black and white hat. Airs. Skinner, handsome black soutache cos tume, frilled underskirt and accordion pleated bod-lee. Airs. -Al'Cracken, blue foulard costume, -the skirt 'trimmed with rib bon edged frills and (fhe bodice wltli embroi dery. Airs. David Elder, green satin foulard trimmed with, lace nnd ribbons. Allss Tobln, handsome gown of fawn embroidered- voile trimmed with brown veivct and ': cream 'Pace. -Mrs." L. C. SI'Carllhy 'wore a heliotrope silk muslin dress, wlftlh 'licllatrope clilffon hat to ni'.Y.tcb. Allss Geraldliie Lane APCartby wore a pale blue silk inuklln dress, with white leghorn- lrat and feathers. 