Eydney-Week by Wek. (Prom Our Sý citi Correspondent.) SYDNEY, Nov. 28. As Christmas comes withih tteasur ;able distance members of Phrliamenm :are anxious to know hMVen the pror.' :gation will take place. The Premier status that hie hopes to close the session before the Christmas holidays. lits -Estimeats have laot, however, been ,r: sen??a yet, and there are a lot of p?io itlsed measures, which, if not hurried through, will receive the fate known as the "Slaughter of the Innocents." It is suggested that the House should meet at an earlier hour, or else sit an extra day a week, in order to get ' .e business through. To still further fari litate this Mr Crick, P.M.G., is intro ducing a Bill to fix a time limit to members' speeches. We already have the clositre, but it is seldom availed of, and aty attempt to put its provisions in Oiotion is met with the unparliamen -'ry cry of "Gag!" Still, with 25 loquacious members, all ready to catch the Speaker's eye, something must be done to restrict those who suffer from what has been termed "a diarrhoea of words." Unfortunatelly the "silent member' is never popular with his con stituents. Cacoethes loquendi is what electors seem to think the main quali fication in their representatives. '* * * * ±. he sight of means to do ill deeds 'makes ill-deeds done." In the ad vertising columns of some of our Syd ney and up-country papers are invita tions, so thinly veiled, that no one can mistake their import, to commit immorality "and crime, offering for a small consideration to show how the natural consequences of the former can be avoided or removed, how unde sired children may be put- out "to .c nurse" (a la Makin) after their unwel come appearance, as well as the inde cent description of diseases by "quacks," who, by the opportunity afforded by the insertion of such ad vertisements, get unfortunate victims of contagious diseases to part with their dollars without obtaining relief. So Dr. Graham, M.P., has introduced his "Indecent Advertisements Bill," which has been read a first time.Surely if the Government of N.S.W. prohibits newspapers from publishing the ad vertisements of Tattersall's sweeps, it should prevent the insertion of those who prey upon the ignorance of suf ferers from disease and of those who offer to commit illegal practices that are undermining the moral and phy sical well-being of the people of this colony, which has too long been the paradise of quacks and charlatans. Trades unionism has the effect of putting all men engaged on the same work on the same rate of pay. This has its advantages as well as possibly its defects. A unionist may not work below union rates of w7g.s, nor can 1-e demand higher however exp ert he be. O'Sullivan (Minister for Works) quon dam President of the Trades and Labor Council, knows this, but he has had the backbone and good sense to grade the unemployed. Able-bodied men ("first- gr'aders"). are to go on to work at the new railways and to receive the minimum wages for unskilled labor (seven shillings a day). Men who are not 'physically strong enough to do navvy work are to go to lighter work at Moore Park, and they will be term ed "second graders" and receive like wise the regulation seven shillings. O'Sullivan holds that,as it isn't a man's fault that hlie was not born a Hercules, his pocket should not suffer in conse quence. Only residents of N.S.W. will be found employment as either a "first" or a "second grader,." Arrange ments also have been made by the Minister to supply the men with credit at the stores until after the first pay. The Royal Agricultural Society has decided to introduce a new item into its programme for next Easter's show- a wood- chopping contest. Over /6o0 will be given in prizes, the first of which is to be /20. There should be an enor mous number of entries, as it will be an easy way of "making a rise." An axe and a wood heap is the usual "condition pre cedent" at country homesteads now to getting a "feed," but to receive ,2o for five minutes' operations on a log is suffi cient inducement to cause such a rush of competitors that the game will be kept open and chips will be flying as long as the show lasts. These agricul tural societies are subsidised by the Go vernment on the £ to £ principle, so it is only right that the man, whose only capital is hiis muscle:., shouldl have a chance of pulling off a pride, as well as the bucolic breeder of pedigree stock, the importer of machiihei?, Elib bike man, and 'ther" ?A-itties of the repre sentativtes of capital. The "masses" now hibah to have an equal share with the "classes" in everything that is going. Who is the anonymous donor, per the Agent-General of N.S.W., of £io,ooo towards the Patriotic Fund in London ? is the question that Sydney people are asking one another. As a rule, people who give thousands expect a quid pro quo in the shape of a title, or at least a C.M.G. ship, but this rara avis keeps incog. Perhaps the donor is a lady, and it is whispered that she.may be Miss Eadith Walker, of Concord, the millionaire spinster, who has given so much to good purposes, as witness the Walker Convalescent Hospital: Still, whoever is the personi who has d'oiated this munificent animont, jifobably time will disclose, as we haven't got so , cry many people among us. who can afo-.4. to throw their thousands about in lii,j manner. We have a patriotic undi here too, and it is totalling up well. being close on to £5ooo. It is to cc hoped that the relatives of our Trans vaal volunteers will have no occasion to become recipients, but, perhapA, this is more than we can reasoriably expect. In the "States" an editor's life is a risky one. The revolver and the cow-hide whip are considered as fair rejoinders to scathing journalistic criticism. Here we are not so far advanced, although the horse-whip ping of an editor is not unknown. In Maoriland some time ago .a company of lady artistes administered a sound flogging to an incautious newspaper proprietor. Millionaire Burdekin not long since bought a stock whip, and took the train to Parramatta, with the intent of laying it across the shoulders of the owner of a local paper, who had the effrontery to print what was com mon gossip about Mr B's domestic af fairs, but returned without finding his man. Dick Meagher, M.P., of Dean, notoriety, succeeded in whipping John Norton, the writer of "Mendax Meag her" in "''ruth," and got a revolver bullet sent after him for his pains, and last Monday afternoon a sensation was caused in Pitt-street by the brother of Miss Maud MacCarthy calling out the musical critic from "'Truth" office and belaboring him with a horse whip for having written a critique in that papr concerning Miss Maud that ilidn't meet with his approval. He succeed ed in.- "getting home," and the press man was taken in a cab to the doctor As Court proceedings will follow con ment on the case is not judicious. It would be thought that the cells at the new Central Police Station in Li verpool-street were sufficiently se cure to prevent prisoners escaping from them. But it appears they are not. Another instance of. shoddy work. manship in Government contracts Two men, on remand, had been put into one of these cells the other morn ing when the Court rose for lunch. They were locked in securely enough, but when the gaoler came after lunch to fetch them up to the Court the cell was empty and the birds flown. How did thy manage it ? Well, it was this way. The .solid-looking iron window bars were only one-eighth of an inch in the stone work. A few shakings and scrapings, and out they came, so that the two confinees had only to squeeze through the window and get into the lane at the rear, and then "quietly steal away." They haven't vet been re taken. Oh these Government con tracts! How the poor taxpayer is bam-. boozled and robbed 1 Why they are now actually pulling up the blocks in George-street and relaying a lot of the new tram line. Some one has bllundered it seems. They can't get it to "gee." Haunted houses, where the ghost of some ancestral villain or some beauti ful maiden is doomed to peregrinate by nioht until the crime of which they were the perpetrator or victim shall have been brought to light, are, we are told (especially in yellow-backed novels) not unrare in the old world. In Australia we have heard of the ghost of a murdered man sitting on a fence, and pointing to a water-hole. where his body was subsequently fouzd, and now from quiet little Blavney-a town which by the way aspires to the position of Federal Capital-comes a story of the visitations of a ghost to one of the shafts of the Blayney Copper Mine. The miners hear strange noises, such as bells ringing, siglts, groans, etc. Miners going below hnave their candlces put out by siome unceen abd sUpetnatural visitor, who, it is said, has actually, on some occasions, touched the clothes of men as he glidea silently past them. So there is quite a scare! Six of the miners regularly employed there have actually left the mine and thrown up their billet, rather than continue to work where such unt canny things occur. What will it turn out to be ? A bat, an owl, or a possum, who has free-selected this shaft as Is domicile, or the genuine spirit of soile quondam, digger brutally murdered by hls maite? We are getting so mighty hyper critical as to what we eat, what we drink, and wherewithal we are clothed, that danger, disease, and death seem to be lurking everyýwhcte,* etreif in the waters undeir thie eai-th: the latest Sydney scare Was the fish caught at lbndi aiid sold for conuiiimption and usidistingiiishable from fish caught elsewhere. There is a huge sewer which empties itself into the waters of Bondi, and fish love to congregate at its mouth, and feed on the noisome exu dations. And here the fisher never spreads his nets in vain nor the angler his line, and the fish are fat and good to the eye wherewithal. Nevertheless fish eaters got exercised in their minds. Setveis,, fish,, and typhoid seemed in siPariable, but the Department ci Health has allayed their fears. Post mortem examinations have been held on sample sewerage-fed fish, and they have been pronounced free from micro organisms and perfectly wholesome. Henceforth let us eat our Friday's dinner without qualms and our after theatre repast at Comino's in perfect faith. "Fish ohi" of the early morning will no longer suggest the chemist. doctor, or undertaker. Mr Divorce-Judge Stephen says he is really little more than a machine for cutting the knot that the parson or matrimonial agent has previously tied. There were sixty undefended cases on the list. In an undefended case the petitioner has simply to go into the box and swear to the truth of his or her petition. No evidence to the con trary is given. The judge is bound 'o believe the sworn evidence. And so a decree nisi is granted as a matter of form. The whole hearing, per haps, doesn't take ten minutes. If the respondent, as well as the peti tioner, wants the divorce. there is no • forthcoming that there is any collusion, and in due course-in some cases as short a time as a week !-the decree nisi is made absolute! There surely is no other place in the world where divorce can be so easily ob tained. No wonder people rush in. where formerly angels feared to tread, when the process of getting unhitched is so simple, cheap, and expeditious! Divore a vinculo matromonii is fre quently to become bound in the chains diaboli. A few weeks ago the present scribe narrated how a 'bus driver was tried for an alleged assault on a girl, who was a passenger in his 'bus, and that the ac cused was discharged by the verdict of the jury "without a stain on his charac ter," and that the girl, his accuser, was committed, there and then, for trial for perjury. Well, the trial of the girl has come off. The evidence given at the previous trial of the man was all gone into over again. Counsel for the accused made a vigorous address to the jury, who, after having retired for five minutes, brought in a verdict of knot guilty," and added a rider "that she left the Court without a stain on her charac ter." Here things seem tolerably mixed! A man is charged with in; decently assaulting a girl in his bus. He leaves the Court pronounced inno cent "without a stain on his character," the girl is said to be an abandoned creature making a groundless charge on a poor unprotected man. She is committed to stand her trial for hav ing sworn a tissue of lies. The jury now says she didn't swear any lies. Then the man must have sworn to lies. He hlad better be tried for perjury now! Both of them, though, haven t got any stains on their characters! Truly "'the law is a hass!" The r-acing mare Gnullo has been shipped for Colombo. Mr McKay, the Nor'-West breeder, has purchased from Mr Towton, the Neckersgat-r- Josephine colt, The Cor sican, who will next year do stud duty in the North. Mr Towton will retain ipossession of the colt until April. Tlhe Corsican is a very fine, powerful colt, and he is descended from the best families on both sides. He has not raced much, and, therefore, he should have a long career before him as a sire, while hlie should prove a valuable acquisition to Mr McKay's stud. 