A TRUE STORY OP DEEP HIGH LIFE. Away, within fifty miles ot Sydney, ia a watering plaoewith an hotol-like accommod- ation house, where well-to-do people enjoy quietude and.BeoluBion outside the mad roar of the workaday world. Here a few short weeks ago were, amongst other visitors, the embeoile wife of a Sydney oommeroial mag- nate, addicted to alcoholic drink, accompan- ied by a female attendant. He the husband a man of society and the world, muBt have some one to love him and to love, sb has ab, well 1 we'll not mention that. 1 In an adjacent room on the same floor as the delirium tremens wife of the man whose name everyone would know if lt wore even hinted at were two young ladies, whose names also ore . universally known and who adorn the innermost circles of Sydney sooiety. Those,, then, aro the persons performing in our oomioo-tragedy. Scene : 1 a. m. Wife wakes her attendant, and proceeds with her downstairs to the rear of the house. All ls quiet, all lights out, and nothing moving Bave an opossum in the trees in the paddock. A dog barks and a ourlew shrieks; otherwise. these two women in night attire hear and seenothing that disturbs or affrights them. They set out tc return, and all goes well till they enter, as thoy think, their own bed- room; then a scene enBues whioh baffles all description. Instead of entering their own room they are in another, a dimly-lighted room oooupied by the Misses-, who are also ia night dresses, bat who have got their tacos both covered with a coating of white plaBter that had only just dried, and whioh had been painted on to preserve their complexions. The imbeoile wife, instead of seeing that she was in the wrong room, and that she had disturbed two of the highest damsels in the land in their ofter midnight vigils at the mirror, thought she was in her own room and in the présenos of ghosts, ' My God I oh save me I Ghosts I oh, horrorl What have I done V She shrieks hideously and swoons, the land-, lord and two malo visitors rush into the room and there they nre*-four women ; two young ones painted and looking a ghastly white, an imbeoile wife on the floor, a middle-aged attendant, tao perplexed to do anything even to rash out of the room and prevent three men seeing the ghost); farce. Late in tho morning the wife's attendant called upon the two high-born damsels, and apologised for the intrusion, the mistake and the speotaole, but wound up by saying : 1 Well, it waa your fault for painting your f aoe such a ghostly white.' Thoa da tome of the rich folks live I No Business There,-There had been a quarrel at a fair in Ireland,' One man had been killed in the melee and another man was brought into court charged ' with man- slaughter. A dootor who was called as one of the wit- nesses testified among other things, that tho viotim's skull was abnormally thin. . Thé prisoner ; was' found guilty and waB then oBked by the judge whether he had anything to say for himself, ' No, yer Honor ' be answered. 1 Only I , should like to ask,1 was that a skull for a man to go to a foirwld!' 1 Hies Spenoo, the 'advanoed' woman polit- ician, Adelaide once converted an English visitor to woman's, suffrage. It was old Mr. Clay, ona of the ' co-operative delegates.' Mr, Clay, waa addressing a meetiog in Ade- laide on co-operation, The audienoe were mon, except for ono or two ladies behind him ; and he told, with effect, a Btory that waB almost ' a smoking room one.' Just at the oltmax, he oaught sight of a bonnet, and he stumbled, but a second glance reassured him, Tho bonnet was shaking with its wearer's laughter. 1 Wonderful,' he said afterwards. 4 I'm for the suffrage if it makes .women sensible enough to laugh at a funny story. Dr, Talmaga's youngest daughter was fond of evening gaietieB, and often slept late in consequence. Coming down about nine o'clock one morning, she met her parent's stern gaze, and received tho very depressing greeting of ' Good morning, daughter of sin. ' Good morning, father,' waa her responso. At the Infants' Sohool.-1 Johnny Morris, can you tell me what animal is tho greatest nuisance to mankind !' 'Yes, mies; babies.' 