? f.old. Sunshine. A • :it comedy. Onlv Assembly. St. "Peter's Day. 1 Jelightful wt-ather. The ca.i came back. "Ma Mie Rosette." Big litigation booming. Lawsuit over a tom-cat. < >pera c-onyiany going West. "'.iiroI!c--Girot1;>" next week. Governor's uncle dead, aged Si". A Scottish transformation scene. Seven days rain in Adelaide. 0.51. Jackson piqued and Shrewsbury ill. Grient. off to London this afternoon. Riots in Spain owing to increased taxes. A brilH&nr; sr-ene ai Government House. Yankee warship ordered to Delagoa Bay. Treasurer in a particularly liappy mood. Diriing in good form for the test, match. Glenelg Railway case good for the lawteam? "Damascus to Rome"' a± Y.M.C.A. to- nicht- Lasi two nights of the Theatre Royal season. Seven century scorers in the Australian Eleven. Coursing at the Phimpton to-morrow and Saturday. About 500 guests at Government House last, night. Naval officers at Lord and Lady Tennyson's ball. A successful ball at Government House last night. Copper mine likely to be opened up near MiUbrook. Ixits of debutantes at Government House last night. Cold frosty nights predicted by the meteorologists. Tommy Hudson to be at tbe Bijoa again on Saturday. Customs and income tax advanced beyond the estimate. The Australians begin their sixteenth game to-day. Further pressure being brought to bear on Oom Paul. All minds will be turned "to Leeds for a couple of days. Treasurer expects an excess of £I5,00fr in. railway receipts. Chamberlain doing his best to bring about Australian unity. First ball of the season at Government House last night. "Tellurides, containing a large percentage of gold and copper." Large German steamers to be built for the Australian trade. How long will it- take to argue out the Glenelg Railway ease? Cricket record—Matches played, 15; won, 9; lost, 1; drawn, 5. New Zealand Parliament to introduce a Bill to preveni usury. Peake to be the Hon. Whip to the Independent Country Party. Glynn resented an interjection by the "perky member" Brooker. Reported discovery in the North of tellurides rich in gold and copper. The locality of the latest gold discovery in tbe North being kept secret. Even in rural occupations the utility of drawint: often becomes apparent. Glenelg Railway case, b'ke a wounded snake, drags its slow length along. A considerable increase in succession duties expected by the Treasurer. H.M.S. Royal Arthur will probably arrive at Largs Bay on Thursday next. North-German Lloyd Line contemplate running a quicker service to Australia. Will Jones continue his wonderful bowling performances with to-day's match? Land rents will be far below the amount mentioned in the Treasurer's Budget. Mr. Commissioner Russell bad to adjudicate upon the question of a domestic cat. Sun rose a.t 7.27 a_m.: sets at 5.12 p.m. Moon set at 11-5 a.m.; rises at 11.49 p.m. "Standard" thinks that Australian cavalry would be invaluable in Veldt warfare. Mr. Arthur Tennyson, brother of the late Poet Lanreate, has died at the age of 85. Independent Country Party has reappointed Mr. T. Burgoyne as its Chairman. With, the probable addition of two new members, the Country Party will number twelve. Tombstone erected over tbe grave of the late Editor of "Quiz" by his friends and admirers. Cape Town and Rand people delighted with Chamberlain's plain speaking at Birmingham. The cat, which was the subject of liti gation. gave up the ghost in less than half a minute. Dearth of skilled and unskilled labour at Broken Hill, so the Manager of the big mine says. American steamers ordered to Delagoa Bay to protect American subjects in the Transvaal. Royal Standard displayed at Government House yesterday in honour of the Queen's coronation. . Sir Bryan O'Logblen denounced the Commonwealth. Bill as a political bungle and a financial muddle. A boy who broke up a glass bottle for the benefit of cyclists at Carlton, Victoria, was fined a pound. The first aim of tie drawing teacher should be to indure his pupil to "draw the thing as he sees it." German Press paying considerable attention to Mr. Chamberlain's utterance concerning the TransvaaL '"I'm not going to stand this Ministerial bluff," said Glynn, with a "who'll thread on-the-tail-o'-me-coat" air. "In tbe open-cut workings," said Manager Delprat, "there was room for quite 150 more piek-and-shovel hands. Only two main lines of revenne in regard to which the Treasurer expects -that his estimate will not- be exceeded. The two big revenue-earning departments which will not come up to the earlier expectations are land and waterworks. Tbe cessation in collecting rates in the Beetaloo area is largely responsible for the falling-off in revenue from waterworks. "If South Australia's mineral resources were developed, the sundowner would become as extinct as tbe moa," savs Mr. Caldwell. The purely aesthetic form of art, although in Australia it may be but a stingy mistress, is a most devoted handmaid to any other career. During the four months ended- April this vear Great Britain imported £S7fi,012 worth of silver, and exported £1,047.480 worth. It was stated at the Queensland dinner in London on Tuesday niclit that that colony required a large influx of working miners. Viewed in its widest aspect of formstudv, the lesson in drawing is really one of tlie most valuable given in the State schools. On every ground there is reason for urging that drawing should not be relegated to any inferior place in the State school curriculum. No-thing could be a greater mistake than to imagine that drawing is simply one of the ornamental studies or accomplishments of the scholar. Work could be found underground for more miners, and a corresponding number of truckers in the Broken Hill Proprietary Mine alone. The severance cf Mr. Reynold's connection with South Australia marks a stage in the history of tlie drawing curriculum in the Stnte schools. Tlie Rand gold mines. South Africa, since openn? of the field in 1SS6-7 to the end of 1808. have produced 22,009,703 oz. of gold, valued at about 8S millions sterling. The Treasurer might consider whether a line should be placed on the Estimate? providing for the erection of a condensing plant in the offices of legal draftsmen. The man or woman who has b^en trained to see the beauty which is in Nature, and to lieauiily the home soirroundincs, has a source, of pleasure which elevates the whole life. Caldwell onee knew the "Freezing. Department"' r:s the "Wine and Produce Depot." but in deference to some old women, who preferred to call a decanter a water bottle, the name was changed. l he farmer who has mastered something of the art of cirawing finds all tlip greater facilitv in driving a s-ii-aight furrow, laying lines for fencing, making rows for planting, and in seoi-es of oth^r necessary ^pera rimi-=. Tlie girl who has merely learnt her \--1 :t.rb<-s. and who has never jriv™ anv iluv.ight. to shaping and cutting, will make n \\\\.-ry indifferent needlewoman, no matter how apt she i:i?.v be in the mere use of Iter needle. Picture-painting has never yielded to any Auslraliin mi isr even a moderately good inronie, so t.liai as a profession the highest rr;;de of the pm-suii of ornamental art is not one which persons ambitious ot" worldly siKeess will be much ene^xraged to take up. •Tainr-i Walsh died at W.-unia-mbool. aged 101 years. He led an active life until last Friday, when he contracted a e!,i)l. which proved fatal, llis sister, Mrs. Coghlan, who is ninety-eight years of age. is still living neir Waimarnbool. The latter's husband died four years ago, aged 100. As the tirst drawing master U> be engaged bv lhe department. Mr. Reyuolds was entrusted, in conjunction with the late. Inspector-General, with lhe very important duty of laying down the lines upon which the teaching of drawing, cr rather "formstudjy' should proceed in Lhe national 