NEWS OF THE- DAY: THE CHRISTMAS 'OBSKRVRR » Christmas comes but once a year, and one of the many nappy issues tint fofloir in ite train, or, to be moire literany correct, heln to 4lCT»l-1 its coming in Smith AtM^va. lia,-»s the- Christmas 'Observer.' To-day the little newtvendora wiH be 'selling the best and brightest holiday number that baa ever been issued by the proprietors of 'Tbe' Obierver,'- who ?pead., no end of pains in1 making the Christmas issue a bright, happy, up4o-date production. In the city, in the country, and any out on the back blocks subscriber* look- for the arrival of this picture paper with the eagerness and enjoyment that the children display over the coming of the Christinas pudding. Tbe krge coloured plate which is presented with the paper tells eloquently of a delightful, innocent, wholesome inci dent oT the seashore. It is entitled 'The Dandy, Cbair,' and the original was ex hibited at tlte Royal Academy bi 1897. It represents two barefooted, ruddy-faced, happy, smiling little girls carrying ?- anM ler child onttheir crowed arms. Two little boys are paddKng in the shallow water, while the ocean, on whose ttenre brow time, writes no wrinkles, stretches a«rxy to the horizon. This is undoubtedly the besf pic ture thai ha* been given, «way with a Christmas 'Observer.' The paper provides a real - literary feast. Tbe atones and articles are all appropriate tothatgkd sea son when we are ionce; again rawndeVl of the beiaty 'of '''pekSei'- on eartiii* ^goodwill, towards men.' Amongst the contributors are/ several noted English nove£sta and some of ib? best known and happiest Soufca1 AusteAan etoryfcllerc' ?'Cbristmap jwiiff Some Celebrities,' by Fj'Curnthen Gould/ is of especial interest, and ibis clever article is iSustrated by tbe celebrated English caricaturist u his : own vigorous' 'and ''inimitable' ' styleL.1: ''Be- miniscencet,'- a ?? story of- early, t Austra lian adventures with the' blacks, with a romantic sequel by the ?vrdl-known 'Obser- ,ver' contributor 'Paddy Melon,'/ will ap peal ito^tbe! symp*thM») of ; every iwsiierr ,'A Hyatery of the' Doldrums,' by. Morgan Hawkes; 'A .Christmas Nugget,' by Flo rence Marryat; 'The Ghost in Brocade,' by Fergus flume; 'So -like Hi*' F^her.V by 0. Crew; 'Dingo Dick,' a. bush yarn,' by Udo: 'Arra, or the Great Sacrifice,' fc niystery -ot tbe Anstraitan ' inUpbr, by :Vietpr/Man*r $'he Grey^Shok'oir Linde warae,';H-y:;Ji!an Quiller 'Couch, are each and all of absorbing 'interest. Then tbe little ones are not forgotten. 'That Mar veUous Magpie,' a tale for children, by Lindsay Duncan; 'The Burglar and the Baby,' a tale in winch there is something interesting about Santa Olaus, by Edwytae Basset; and 'The , Legend, of the Corn flower*/* another 'story for,tbe-littleone*;by Adelaide Primrose;' wuTgive th* children infinite delight. And all this for 6d. What' *odd Csxtott-«/.'ii fat jBoata an it: - 