ST. JOHN'S CHURCH, GORDON. LAYING THE FOUNDATION-STONE. | The ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of the additions to the church of St John the Evan- gelist, Gordon, was performed yesterday afternoon by Lady Mary Lygon, in the presence of a large and fashionable gathering. The inhabitants of Gordon, augmented by those of adja- cent suburbs, attended in some hundreds to witness the ceremony. A large amount of bunting was brought into requisition, the grounds surrounding the ecclesiastical buildung being gaily decorated. Lady Mary Lygon, who was accom- panied by Lady Bertha Wilbraham and Major the Hon. R Lindsay, ADC, made the journey by road, and was received at the entrance of the grounds by the rector (the Rev R Raymond King) and Mrs King. They were escorted to chairs ar- ranged round the stone, where Lady Mary Lygon was presented with a handsome bouquet of flowers. Amongst those present were his Grace the Arch- bishop of Sydney, the Revs G North Ash (St Augustine's, Neutral Bay), D Murphy (St Stephen's, Willoughby), Watson (Wahroonga), Albery (St James'), L Dawson- Thomas (curate of St John's), Griffiths (chaplain to the Archbishop), Plume, and A O Corlette, Miss Snowdon Smith, and many others, including the pro- minent residents of the district. The proposed alterations consistvof additions which will provide extra accommodation to the extent of a third of the present sitting space and a vestry. They will be erected to designs by Mr A E Scott, at an estimated cost of £200, towards which amount nearly £123 has already bren subscribed. The contractor is Mr R Masters, of Drummoyne. A short service, conducted by the Archbishop, was held, the lesson, I Cor. ivi, 9, being read by the Rev H Raymond King. Lady Mary Lygon then laid the stone in the usual manner, and in clear tones said " In the faith of Christ, and with prayer for the blessing of God, I lay this foundation-stone of the additions to the Church of St John the Evangelist, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ". Under the stone was placed a jar containing a copy of the "Sydney Morning Herald" the "Daily Telegraph", the "Parish Gazette," and a list of those taking part in the ceremony. The Archbishop, in a brief address, said the neces- sary additions showed an extension of the Church in that district for which they should be thankful. They must receive with satisfaction all that tended to the advancement of the Church and place their trust in God. In Him was all their hope, in Him their thoughts were quickened and united , in Him was the necessary corrective of all differences. He hoped God's blessing would be upon the Church and the people. A collection was taken up, during which the choir sang "O Lord of hosts, whose glory fills". The ceremony then terminated. 