Shaddeck Light, BY MRS MAY AGNES FLEMING, Author of "Die Star of De "Vere," "Wed. Yet No Wife," "Lord Rcry," "A Wo man's Hand," "A Wonderful Woman," "Norine," Etc.. Etc. / CHAPTER XV.— TRAPPED. An old-fashioned, Moorish-looking mansion, not far from the Rue dee Ur- sulines — a great wilderness of garden, where all luxuriant southern flowers bloom and run riot in their own sweet- ness and superabundance; orange trees, magnolias, golden rods, and roses, everywhere roses. A high wall shuts it in— high gates' shut the world out. It is a young ladies' seminary— Miss Eleanor Charlton, principal. It is late in the afternoon of a lovely October day. The pensionnat is very still; the young ladies are at study; the jingle of two or three pianos alone breaks the silence. In her sittingroom Miss Charl ton is alone, busily writing. The bowed head, the stately figure, the deep, sweet, serious eyes are those of the Eleanor Charlion of six and a half years ago. There is hardly any perceptible change. She hardly looks older; she certainly look3 happier. She is dressed in a black silk, a touch of fine lace and a knot of crimson silk at her throat— rair, and gracious, and good, and a gentlewoman to her finger tips. She looks a strong and self-reliant woman, sitting there, brave as well as gentle, sufficient ur.to herself, one who has, unaided, made a niche lor herself in the world, and fits it well. She has the look of one who need not merge and lose her own individuality in that of any man. But it is not so. Despite her nine-and- tv.enty years, her amiable self-poise and reliance, and her well- established and poptrtar school, Miss Chariton is about to go the way of all womankind, gentle and simple, learned and unlettered, and be married. It is a very old affair— more than seven years have passed since she and Ernest Dane first met. He is not at all the sort of man any one would imagine a woman of Eleanor Charlton's stamp— earnest-hearted, pure-souled — falling in love with. In no way is he her equal, in no way worthy of her; but the fact re mains, she loves liim. For over six years they have been apart. Fate, with a strong hand, has held thorn asunder; but through it all, through time, absence, | silence, doubt, she lias loved hint, hoped , in him, waited for him. And at last, | Fate, conquered by fidelity, has brought ; them together. lie has urged an imme- j diate marriage, and she lias consented. In two weeks she shall be his wife. | Some one taps at the door. It is a| black boy with a card. Miss Charlton I looks up from her writing and glances ! at it. A look of surprise, then of glad ness, lights her face. "Colonel Ffrench!" she exclaims. "What a pleasant surprise! Show the gentleman into the reception-room and tel! him I will be there in a moment." She rises, and with the womanly in stinct that never fails, goes first to the glass. But the shining coils of silken chestnut hair are smooth; lace, bow, cuffs, ail are in order; so she shakes out her dark skirts and goes to meet her guest. She has never seen him and but very indirectly heard of him since that long- past summer. It is with very genuine pleasure she goes to meet him now. , lie rises at her entrance. How dis tinguished, how fine-looking, how sol dierly he is! is her first, instinctive, fem inine thought — and yet so exceedingly Ike the Captain Dick of old. She comes forward and holds out her hand, with the smile he remembers. "Colonel Ffrench! How very, very glad I am! What a great, delightful surprise!" He does not answer, although in look and warm hand- pressure his greeting is cordial enough. But— It is a curious fancy — he abso lutely looks embarrassed es they both sit down. "I scarcely daved hope," she says, "we would ever meet again. What a wan derer you have become — now in Central America, now in Cuba, now in Europe. And such a Paladin, too! I have heard It all, you see. It agrees with you, I think, the wandering and the fighting. You are looking wonderfully well." "That is a compliment I can honestly 1-eturn. Do you know where I came from last?" "Yes," she answers; and her tone is grave and sad. "I saw it all in the papers. You were at Charlton when poor Dora Liglitwood died. Poor, bright lit tle Dora! Has the burglar yet been found?" He looks at her gravely, with some thing, oddly enough, like compassion in the grey darkness of his eyes. "Yes," he says, "I believe he has." That odd look makes her regard him questioningly ; but he says no name. There is a pause. "And Vera?" she says, with some hesi tation; "how does she bear it?" "I can hardly answer that question," he responds, slowly. "Vera has left Charlton, and is at present, I believe, with some friends in New York. Natur ally, it has been a terrible blow to her; no sisters ever were more attached." "Dear little Vera! What a bright, joyous, frank little fairy she was! She has become a brilliant socty belle \- since, I have heard; but under it all, I am sure, the same true, brave heart beats. I should like, I should (greatly like, to see her." "I think I may promise that much In .Vera's name," he says; "she will come see you soon." That fleeting look, as if of pity for her, Is in his eyes again. What does it mean? — or is it only her fancy? She takes her courage in both hands and looks at him, a smile in the fawn eyes, a flush on the delicate cheek. "Colonel Ffrench, do tell me — I am dying to know— are you realiy married lo Vera?" "I am married to Vera, and have been for over six years." Here is silence. The wistful hazel eyes linger on his face, and ask the question her lips cannot frame. "Ali that is too long a story for to day," he says, with a smile. "Vera shall tell you everything when you meet. Now let me ask you a question in return, and do not think me impertinent. You are about to be married?" "Yes," she answers, frankly, but flushing. "To Mr Ernest Dane?" "To Ernest Dane. Do you know him, Colonel Ffrench?" "I— I think so. I am not sure. I fancy it was he who called upon me once at Shaddeck Light, the very afternoon of | your arrival at Charlton. He was at St. Ann's that week, was he not?" "Yes," she answers, embarrassed; "he was there. But it is curious that he has never spoken of knowing you. I was engaged to him even then," she sayS, in a very low voice. She is thinking, and so perhaps is he, that, but for that engagement, she might long ago have been Richard Ffreneh's wife. "We were . poor," she goes on, simply.- "He did not seem to succeed very well at that time, and my poor mother was greatly opposed to him. So our engagement was a strict secret. Ho visited me once — one evening at Charl ton — and from that night until a fort night ago we never met. He has been in business out West, and working hard, poor fellow. I have been, as you may have heard, travelling with an invalid lady pretty nearly all over Europe. It is owing to her generous liberality that this place and this school are mine — that I am, I hope, securely established for life. At intervals Ernest and I have corresponded, but at long intervals, and very irregularly. Now he has secured, not wealth, but a competence, and he has come to claim me. In two weeks we are to be married. You will stay and be present, will you not, my friend, and— if it may be— bring Vera?" Before he can reply, the black boy reappears, and ushers in' a visitor— Mr Ernest Dane. "I am so glad!" Eleanor says, rising quietly, her whole face lighting. "Now you wil: meet. Ernest" — she passes Colonel Ffrench, and goes forward glad ly to meet her lover — "there is a very old friend here who thinks he has met you before. Colonel Ffrench, Mr Dane." Colonel Ffrench rises, his dark brow bent, his grey, resolute eyes stern, his lilts set, and stands, soldierly, inflexible, commanding, confronting the face he knows. But is it the man he seeks — the slayer of his wife, the midnight thief, the cowardly robber of a woman? Where are all the long, blonde. Dun dreary whiskers? And can their loss alone make such a change in a counte nance? How weak is that womanish face, now that its hirsute disguise is gone, and what an excellent thing is a beard to hide a weak mouth and a fool's chin! "I was not mistaken," says Colonel Ffreneh's deep tones. "I have met Mr — Dane before." Mr Dane is deadly pale— is frightfully pale. His blue eyes shift and fall from the strong, stern, relentless grey ones — the ir resolute lips tremble. Mr Dane is horribly frightened and shows it. "I— I think not. I— I think there must be some mistake. I have never met Colonel Ffrench before." "Your memory fails, Mr Dane — we have ! met," says Colonel Ffrench, keeping his relentless gaze immovably fixed upon him. "Call to mind, if you can, an afternoon over six years ago, when you honored me by a visit in my den — Shaddeck Light!" Mr Dane, still white to the lips, makes the effort, and manages to recall it. But his pallor .is so great, his alarm so appa rent, his embarrassment so intense and real, that Eleanor looks from one to the other in sudden terror and dismay. Be fore she can speak Colonei Ffrench rises. "I will call to-morrow," he says; and once again that profoundly-pitying look is in his eyes. "I leave New Orleans in the afternoon, but I will call and see you before I go." He departs. As the street door closes behind him, a man looks out stealthily from behind some espaliers. "Well, colonel, what d'ye think?" a voice asks. "It is ail right, Daggit; you have your man. He will give you no trouble. Do not approach him until he is well away from the house. The lady must not be alarmed." He goes, and Detective Daggit resumes his watch. It is a long one. The sun sets, the night fails, the inoon rises long be fore Mr Ernest Dane quits the house. But he comes at last; walking rapidly, looking about him nervously, and still startlingly pale. Mr Daggit follows with the tread of a cat, shod at once with the shoes of silence and swiftness. A square or two is passed, the seminary is out of sight, then at the corner of a quiet street Detective Daggit lays his hand on the shoulder of Mr Ernest Dane; lays it' so suddenly, so sharply, with so strong and steely a clasp, that it extorts a cry from the startled man. "None o' that," says Mr Detective Dag git; "it'll not do a mite of good, and will only raise a crowd, which would be un pleasant, I should think, to a gentleman of your fine feelin's. None o' that, either," as Mr Dane instinctively strikes out to wrench himself free. "I'm the strongest ! man of the two, and if you do it, why, j I've a seventeen . shooter here, and by the Lord above! 111 shoot you like a mad dog before you get round the corner." "What do you mean? Who are you? Why is this outrage?" demanded Mr Ernest Dane. The moonlight— the white, piercing, brilliant southern moonlight — is full on his face, and dead and in his coffin it will never be whiter. His voice chokes and breaks as he speaks — a coward Mr Dane is to the depths of his white- livered soul. "What do I mean?" repeats Detec tive Daggit. "Why, I mean you're my prisoner? Who am I? Why, I'm De tective Daggit, of New York. Why is this outrage? Why, because you've robbed and killed your wife, and we're going to see what an enlightened jury of free-born fellow-citizens will say about it, Mr Ernest Dane Fanshawe!" He makes a sudden, desperate break and frees himself; but, before he has run ten steps, the fingers of steel clutch his collar again, and the cold muzzle of a revolver is at his temple. "You would— would you?" says Detec tive Daggit. "You'd give me the slip after all the trouble I've had running after you— would you! Hi, there! M'Farlan!" A second man appears as if by magic. "On with the bracelets! Safe bind, safe find— and there's a little matter of five thousand dollars at stake. Ask pardon, Mr Fanshawe. Click! that's on— now the other — click again! So! that's what I call lovely and com fortable. Now we can jog on together in peace. Take the other side, Mac. I hope you don't find 'em too tight, Mr Fanshawe? I wouldn't hurt your wrists on any account." Handcuffed arid between his captors— white as death, he walks on, livid terror on every feature of his ghastly face. "Ask pardon for being so rude and sudden like, but you'll have to postpone that wedding of yours a few years, Mi- Ernest Dane Fanshawe. Ain't it un common soon, only three weeks since your first was buried? It was neatly- done, Mr Fanshawe— wait a minute! don't interrupt— your counsel will tell the jury all about your innocence by and by. You stole in about the middle of the night— wait a minute, I say— ana hid in a closet in your wife's room. As soon as she was asleep you stole out. pocketed the jewels, and in some way woke her up. She struggled with you- wait a minute, can't you! — tore off the crape, pulled a handful from your whis kers—beautiful whiskers, Mr Fanshawej — I wonder at you for shavin 'era off. You broke away, got out, and made straight for Shaddeck Light You dropped a few little things there; but never mind, I'll let you have the picture again when sentence is passed. It'll be a comfort to you, mebbe, up in Sing Sing or Auburn. And you come back for the funeral. Now, that's what I call show- in' the highest-toned sort of feelin' and respect for the dead, and all that, and very well you looked, Mr Fanshawe, in your mourain' clothes. And then you; come down here and make love to the school-marm— oh! darn it, wait a minute — and are goin' to marry her, too, in a. fortnight in the most honorable manner. I've seen a good many sharp games in my time, and met a good many sharp cards, ' but if ever I met a sharper, or see a: sharper, then I'm everlastingly darned ! But others is sharp too; Joe Daggit's one of 'em, though he says it as hadn't ought to. And I've got you. my buck, and I mean to keep you, and I've got the five thousand reward, and I mean to keep that! And we'll send you up for half a dozen years at hard labor, by the living Lord !" ' ' 3 As Mr Ernest Dane Fanshawe passes with Detective Daggit 011 this moonlight night for ever from this story, it may be mentioned here that Mr Dag git was among the prohphets, and at this moment Mr Fan shawe, the elegant, the languid, the hand some, the superfined, is doing the State some service in the pleasant rural village of Sing Sing. No doubt you read the trial —it produced a great sensation, and la still freh in your memory. The reason of Mr Dane's change of name came out with many other interesting items of that gentleman's dashing career. It waa the name of a maternal grand-parent, who had left him the legacy which took him to Europe, and he had assumed it simply to escape disagreeable duns. He has learned a useful trade — shoemaking, it is understood— and has the widespread sympathy of all the young ladies in the country. He was so handsome, poor fel low, and so interesting, and it was such a' shame and such a pity to sentence him to six years' imprisonment to hard labor for simply taking his own wife's jewellery. As to her dying, that was no fault of his; he could not Ireip her having heart dis ease. His photographs sold faster than they could be printed, were cut out of il lustrated papers and pasted in feminine scrap-books; the court was crowded with" these fair sympathisers during the whole trial, in a word, nouiing in his fashion able and fascinating life became Mr Er nest Dane Fanshawe like the leaving it. $ # # For Eleanor. Well, there are simply some things that cannot be told, some griefs that mere words are powerless uT' paint. There is an old adage which says, "For the taken, God be praised; for the left, God be pitiful." So far as this world's hopes are concerned, her life came to an end in the hour when Rich- and Ffrench, unutterably distressed, broke to her the news. But she will live and go on with her life work bravely, nobly to the end, the true woman Hea ven has made lier, with steadfast eyes fixed on that other world, "the world . that sets this right." f, ri CHAPTER XVI.— SHADDECK LIGHT. A gusty November day. Dead leaves swirl in wild brown drifts through the streets of St. Ann's before the wind, a' wind that buffets and tosses and shouts like the lusty young giant it is, that wrenches and twists the tree-tops, that rattled the sundry vine-stalks which a few months ago liung heavy with great drooping clusters of roses, that flings dust by the handful into the eyes of the un wary, and then whooping in gusty glee, flies off to Shaddeck Bay, and prepares to make a roy? teeing night of it. It is the middle of the afternoon when Richard Ffrench turns out of the great eim avenue of Charlton Place, and pre pares for a windy walk to town. He only, came yesterday, and departs again this evening. His work is done, his name is cleared, the real culprit lies in prison- Fate itself cannct hold him and his wife apart longer. Never has debonnaire Captain Diclc, in the brightest, most spi rited, most sanguine days of his youth, looked more hopeful, more buoyantly, happy than does the ex-cavalry colonel to-day. He i? going for Vera— no mis understanding. 110 foolish scruple shall keep them asunder longer. She has all the pride of— a fallen angel where he is concerned; and love shall triumph over pride, and in his heart he knows as well as he lives that Vera cares for him yef, So— free, cleared, triumphant, rich, lov ing, hopeful — he gets over the ground at his usual swinging pace, whistling cheer ily as he goes, "My love is but a lassie yet." He has discovered this much: When Vera left Charlton she went direct to her old friend Mrs Trafton, and has re mained with her ever since. Before this time to-morrow lie will be at Mrs Traf- ton's door to claim his own, and hold it, too, through life and beyond death if JjC may. ' b How it blows, and how the great strip ped trees wrestle with the blast in el fierce embrace! He bends his powerful figure before it, as it comes swooping down upon him, flinging spiteful sirocd cos of dust In bis eyes, and sending the; blood founding through every ptrong iLv....' - ' - l vein. His Spirits, already high, rise higher as it buffets him. It is like strong wine this exhilarating autumn gale, with the 4ltness of the sea, the pungent frag rance of the pine woods, in its breath at Tlie tide is out, as he turns into the shore road, the long black bar is bare thai leads to Shaddeck Light, and crossing it be sees Daddy. The old den looks bat tered. wind-blown, weather beaten, and tumble-down— this winter's gale will give jt jt'p coup de grace, and the little brown cabin will be a thing of the past. He has half a mind to cross over and take a Jook at it before it goes— he lias not been there for many a year. As lie approaches, Daddy espies him, and comes to a halt. "Hallo! '"cheerily says Colonel Ffrench. 1 -Hallo!" Daddy stolidly returns and then Daddy stands on the other foot, and eyes his master. "Yer ain't seen her, hev yer? Yer don't know she's here, do yer?" he vaguely inquires. "Seen her? What her?" "Yer didn't hear she'd come back did ver? Said so herself. Told me not to tell iiutlier. A-goin' back in the keers to night. Come to take a look. She's thai yit." Daddy jerks his thumb over his shoul der in the direction of the ocean. But Colonel Ffrench begins to understand. JI# dark face flushes and lights. "Are you speaking of Miss Vera?" he asks. "Ah!" says Daddy, nodding — "her. She's thar yit. Come to take a last look at the dear old place. That's what she said. Blessed if he ain't gone!" says Dad dy. as his master turns from him, and in a minute is crossing the bar. A dim per ception of the truth stirs vaguely in the fog of Daddy's mind — a slow, imbecile grin creeps over his visage. "Blessed if he am' goin' ter her! Bless ed if he ain't sweet on her!" says Daddy to himself, and so lumbers heavily away. She is sitting on the little sea-wall, her fingers locked together, her hands lying listlessly on her black lap. Her long crape veil is thrown back, and waves like a piratical flag in the blast; the clear face is like a star set in jet. The great, dark eyes, the loveliest the wide earth holds, this man thinks, have all the sad ness of farewell in their depths. She hears his footsteps, and turns; then rises, and stands, pale, startled, surprised, be fore him. But a light comes into her eyes— the quick light of irrepressible gladness and welcome; and he sees it. "Vera," he exclaims; and holds out both hands. "Captain Dick!" she answers, and gives him hers. The name, the look, the manner have swept away six long years, and it is the 'Captain Dick of Charlton days, her hero, that is here. It is but for an instant; then she laughs faintly, and draws away her hands. "I thought for a moment I was a little girl again. You looked so like the Cap tain Dick of those fai-off days. But what a surprise this is. I thought you were in New York." "And I thought you were in New York." ' He seats himself beside her — close be side her, on the stone wall, and looks with loving, longing, happy eyes into her half- shrinking face. "I was in New York. I have been ever Since I left" "Why did you leave?" he breaks in. "That was cruel, Vera. I went back early next morning full of all I had to say, all one heart could hold — and you were gone! "Well, it is past with the rest, hut I doubt if anything in the last six years came home to me more sharply than that." She looks away from him, and out to Where the angry red of the sunset beams through gathering wind-swept clouds. "It was best I should go!— it was in evitable, and Mrs Trafton's house has ever been a second home. I went to her in my trouble and my loneliness, and she was good to me, better than I can say. Colonel Ffrench"— hastily, and still with averted eyes — "I have read it all — the dreadful, dreadful truth, that vindicates you, and condemns that wretched man. And I hardly think it surprised me, al though it was a profound shock. For she loved him — oh, my dear little Dot, she loved him! I always knew him to be weak and wicked, but of this I feel sure —he never intended to go beyond the stealing of the jewels — he never intended to injure her." "No, he came to steal, not to murder. If she had only not awoke! But all that is past. Why should you ever think of him?" "I think Eleanor, poor noble great- liearted Eleanor! She haunts me like a ghost. Some day, soon, I hope to see her." "I have ventured to promise so much in your name," he says. "You will let me keep my word will you not?" "I shall see her, certainly," Vera answers. "In a week or two I start with Mrs Trafton to spend the winter in Florida, and we shall take New Orleans on our way. She is falling into a de cline, Mrs Trafton, and has been ordered South. I go with her as companion. That is why I am here. I have come to take a last look at poor Dora's grave. Her face is dreary as the red light falls bu it, as though the prospect of being companion to a fretful invalid, even through a bright Southern winter, was hot a pafticularly exhilarating prospect. £For Colonel Ffrench, he smiles. "And you think I will let you go?" he Bays. "Vera, turn round— look at me, instead of the sky and the water— and tell me, if you can, how long this is to go on." He captures the hands and compels her to turn and face him. There is a last resistance but a vain one, for her armor of coldness and inflexible pride; — in the hour of her need, they fail her.. "For. six years you have been my wife in name," he says. "In all that time we have been held apart — by my own act in the first years, by misunderstandings and mutual pride in these last. It is time all that should end. I love my wife, I want my wife, and I mean to have her. No"— as she flashes upon him one of the old, imperious glances and tries to free her hands — "I am not to be annihilated even by the fire of your eyes, my Vera — eyes I have thought the most beautiful on earth, the truest, the dearest, ever since I saw them first. I know you cared for me a little once; I think you care for me a little still; I know that I love you with all the strength of my heart. In my trouble you came to me, you offered to stay with me, to be my wife. Vera, I claim that pro- . mise now — I claim you." Her face droops under the passion of his eyes, but in it he reads neither anger, nor coldness, nor shrinking. Her color comes and goes, but pride has bowed and fallen. He smiles, still clasping her hands, and bends nearer- conquering at last. "I am going to Cuba in a week — not to rejoin the arms', I have done with that, but for political purposes, all the same. Vera, will you come with me to Cuba, instead of to Florida with Mrs Trafton? She looks up, and the dark, sweet eyes that meet his are full of tears. "I will go with you to the end of the world," she answers. There has been a hiatus here, you understand. The wind shouts as If in derision at this pair of lovers, and the sea dashing higher and higher over the rocks, sends its flaky spray in their faces. "And it is not from any sense of duty?" is the first coherent remark, jealously made by Colonel Ffrench, you are permit ted to hear, "such as sent you to me at the hotel, hut because" "Because I love you," says Vera, speaking the words for the first time in her life "because I have loved you from the very first." » it The tide is rising; if this ecstatic pair linger much longer, they will have a chance to pass the night, tete-a-tete on the sea-wall. The crimson and fiery orange of the strong sunset is paling rapidly before the greyness of coming night and gathering storm. The wind still shrieks about them like a wind gone mad; seagulls whirl and swoop startling- ly near, the flashing spray leaps higher and higher. It is Colonel Ffrench who comes back from Elysium first— is it not the man who always comes back first? "The tide is rising," he says, rising also. ' "Let us go. If we sit here longer we will have to stay here till morning, and one night you may think quite enough to spend at Shaddeck Light; although I shall always look back to that night with the deepest gratitude, for to it I owe the happiness of my life." He offers his hand and she takes it, and so, clinging to it, passes over the wet, weedy, slippery kelp and shingle to the shore. There, as by one impulse, both pause and look hack. Before them lies the new life, behind, the old, and they linger for a second to bid it fare well. One last yellow gleam of sunset breaks from behind the wind-blown clouds and lights palely the solitary little brown cot. Falling fast to decay, with broken windows, hanging doors, settling roof, it stands waiting for its death-blow, in for saken and bleak old age — a desolate pic ture. While they look the light fades, swift darkness falls, and night and lone liness wrap Shaddeck Light. The End. 