ABOUT MEN AND WOMEN". (nv rnTrzF/Nr/i The marriage o£ Mr. Piers Cockbuvn, only son of the Agent-General,,and Miss Faith Paltridge, is to take place at Christ, Church, Mount Barker, next month. The Rev. W. G. .-Marsh, the popular rector of St. Luke's Church,-, Adelaide, has prospects of long life if .ithey .lams ol heredity are applied to him: "His father, a resident of Boston, U.S.A., has just, com pleted his 95th year, and the anniversary was the occasion for the publication.m. a leading Boston paper of his portrait. All Marsh, sen.,, isstill hale and heart J", ana in full enjoyment of all his faculties, • The Rev. John Macaulay,. M.A., minis ter of the Presbyterian Church, \Vaverley, Sydney, who was once stationed at iviount Pleasant, has-been granted eight montlis leave of absence, and lie'purposes paj in„ a visit to Scotland during thitt period At a recent meeting of the church and cO gregation a resolution was passed retem g in eulogistic terms to Mr./Macaulay s good services to the church and district. lie •will leave- Sydney in March next. The- Rev. Charles H. Goldsmith is one of the eldest ministers. of. the South Aus tralian Wesleyan ; Church,. ; his : seniority dating from'ISoS, when:-he _waav stationed at Stra'thalbyn. Since then Mr, Goldsmith, has' held pastoral cnarges in the lankalilla, Willunga, Mount Barker, Clare, Kapunda, Mount Gambier,' Auburn, Adelaide, iort Pirie, Willunga, and- Goolwa. circuits,-.in the sequence named. He was Conference seeretarv for two years/And lie became president in 1879. Mr. Goldsmith has now been a supernumerary for ten years, tie has written verses . on many sacred . suo ieets. V. . . The Rev: O. Lake, the popular minister 'of the United! Methodist Church at Poit Augusta, entered the Bible Christian min istry in-1863, and came to South Australia in. 1870. He-rwas secretary of the annual Conference in 1878 and 1885/ a.nd 1 resident in 1886. He is a forcible, -witty, and pun gent. debater, while his sermons and ad dresses partake, of the same characteristic i Mr. Lake's great kindness of heart is well I known. In his early.days lie .was. a tea eher at Shebbear College, and afterwards theological tutor at Wing College, Devon, Mr. has. gerat literary and poetic ap titude. - Theatregoers who remember Miss Marie de Grey's Comedy Company,- wliich toured Australia during 1884-5, will have pleasant recollections of that ■ fine comedian, Mr. "Maris Kinghorne,. whose Touchstone, in "As You Like. It," and Tony Lumpkm, ni "Hhe Stoops to Conquer," stand out as two thoroughly artistic and enjoyable character studies. Mr.-Kinghorne, who made his first appearance on the stage at .the Strand Theatre on April 20, 1867, had' a varied ex perience, not the least curious, being: that of -playing- the Gravedigg'er in ;-a series of living pictures that formed the background to a. performance of "Hamlet" by the late J-. -C. M. Bellew> - father- of Kyrle . Bellew. He has -played pantomime at Drury Lane and in. many■; other theatres; and lias ap peared in sketches at the Middlesex, the Metropolitan, and various other music lialls. Incidentally, Mr. Kinghorne has been "corner, man" , and bass singer with a minstrel troupe, he has seen somehing of circus, life, and has acted in the oven of a ghost show. , He has been a sailor, an en gineer, and a clerk to- a drysalter. Mr. Kinghorne: was in; the original cast of "The Little Minister" at . the Havmarket Theatre, .London. . -Mr. Thomasi Gill'-holds a_variety of im portant positions,' being Uuder-Treasurer Registrar of Inscribed Stock, Controller of Imperial Pensions, -officer to issue permits under- the Chinese and -Alien Immigration Restriction .Acts, "a member of the Board of Examiners for the -Civil Service, and a member of Board of' Governors of the: Public Library, Museum, and Art Gallery, as well as honorary treasurer of the Royal Geographical Society of Australasia (South Australian-branch). He .has been in the Civil Service .for 34 .years and lias served in the Volunteer Office, Destitute Board, Audit, Treasury, and Agent-General's .De partments;- in -the last named,- as bonded debt clerk, -from October, 1878, to Novem ber, • 1880. He gave evidence on financial matters before the Public Stores, Public Service, and State Bank Royal Commis sions. Mr. Gill accompanied the late Sir William 'Morgan as private secretary to. the 'Sydney Conference, 1881; and acted in I the same capacity to the Hon. T, Playford at the Sydney Conference of 1891. He was secretary to the first Civil-Service Classifi cation Board (1874) under the Civil Service i Act of 1874, and. filled the offices of hono rary- treasurer and' of honorary secretary to the Public Service Association from -18S8-1892 ; -also of-honorary- treasurer to tt'he."Public Service'Provident/Fund; -1893-4./ He takes ii special interest in all matters relating to the early history- of the ^ pro vince and in anthropology. : In -1886- he compiled the " Bibliography of South Aus tralia," a work requiring long and careful research. "My experience of kindness - of heart which has ever distinguished ' Prin cess Christian," writes an old Etonian, "dates from very early years; in fact, from my fourth-form days at Eton J recollect, as if it were yesterday, a cerium spring atter lioon in the sixties, when 'another fell on and myself were running breathlessly down .the Long Walk.in Windsor P«k (surdy: the longest three miles in England) with the dismal certainty before us of being la te: for 'absence,- and of-the inevitable, inter view, short, but painful,, -with the head master to follow. As we labored past the- road, diverging .to-Frogmore, a pony carriage-turned swiftly into the avenue; ;i • smiling J'adv, who -held the reins, pulled up, asked -if we-, were afraid of bemg late for- school (no need to ask if Ave-were Etonians)and, .almost before urn could summon-breath to.-answer, had bidden.her little groom, descend from his perch and 'walkhome,' and invited us.to-oecupy.rthe vacant seat. 'I will drive you- as Ian as the Castle,' she said, and, so she did. I-tio -sentries' at' the Castle gate.presented aims as we drew near, and fronv.one of .-, them we afterwards learned that, our dear ex macbina was none o'th-er than kind. Inn cess Christian:" ' "It'must have been a year or' two'ffie-; fore this^-for it was ihy very first half at school—that I formed one: of - the crowd of Eton boys assembled in the Great Western railway-sthtion yard'to bid bonny Princess Helena and- lier- burly- German husband welcome to Windsor after their wedding. How lustily we cheered her, and _ with what zest the big boys (I was a child of 11) made for tlie carriage m waiting, out-, spanned' the Royal bays,' and proceeded -(as many as could crowding-between the shafts) to draw tlie happy couple, up to the Castle. My last recollection of the scene is tlie. sight - of the young princess smiling her thanks and enjojnng the fun, -and of her prince (an old man lie .seemed to. us even then) shutting his eyes tight and clutching at the side of the carnage, as, swaying hither and thither, it was loyally dragged up the steep and stony str66t%- ' "Many vears later I. chanced to be at Windsor again on a similar occasion, when not a bridal couple this time, but the 'voting ahd debonnair- Kaiser il'Iiam II., was accorded a like reception, and was carried triumphantly eastlewards in simi lar fashion. I think he. was a little disconcerted by the sudden onslaught on hinij anu. had prs pared "a speech of .which -he would not permit "himself altogether to be baulked. 'My dear hoys/ he began, rising in the carriage, and speaking with not such a very German accent, considering, My dear boys' (he said 'poyss), I assure you that I amvery happv to come here and see mv dear gr-r-rahdmamma. Instantly there was a shout of laughter; the carnage gave an'awlful lurch and bounded fonynrd, the Royal and Imperial Majesty subsided wttn more suddenness -than dignity on . to-the cushions; and I saw his plumed hdmet bobbing up and down as the team of Etonian thoroughbreds dragged the,sway ing carriage up. the steep, uneven street, just as their predecessors had done that of his aunt, and his uncle-in-law a quarter .of a century before." , - Perhaps the charm of this story-may be an excuse for its. slightly antique flavor. The Queen, though a most devoted, parent, never believed in over- indulging young peo ple; and would never allow her own chil dren to have jam and butter on the same piece of bread. One afternoon the children of .Princess Christian "were invited to. a picnic tea with grandmamma in, tlie shades of the Home Park. The youngsters were in high glee on the; strength of un fulfilled expectations, for .them was jam and cake, and all that could delight the heart, of youth,-temptingly set forth John Brown handed round the bread and but ter There was an interval—ample time for'her. Majesty to, establish'a precedent— but no one was asked if thev would like jam. The .smallest of the paitj., .an adventurous young lady, could/stand'i t ho longer and piped out in a pathetic little voice_l"01i, grandmamma, mayn't we have some jam? I thought it. was a picnic. The appeai was irresistible. John Brown, said the Queen, timidly, turning to that worthy, do you think the children may have jam with their bread and butter, to dav'" Yes, ma'am," was tlie stolid reply. "Children. John Brown says you may. have some jam," said grandmamma, graciously helping them to a plentiful supply^ Ibe children's appreciation was. divided be tween John Brown and the jam, and i^ is difficult to say which came in for the larger share, / 