HOOLAN Y, REID. Labour in Politics. ? Address by Mr. J. P. Hoolan, M.L.A. Condemnation of Trades Hall Party. (Reprinted from the Brisbane Telegraph, Feb. S, 1899.) What wa« ^announced by advertisement as an entertainment by Mr. .T. P. Hoolan, MX, A,, took place last evening m the Centennial Halt The efforts which had been made to secure a large attendance met with fair success, and the financial return must have been substantial. The hall was nearly full when the time announced for the commencement of the proceedings ar rived. Among the audience were to t-e seen many well-known Parliamentarians and others, among them being the Hon. B Philp (Treasurer and Minister for Mines), the Hon. W. H. Wilson, M.L.C. {Postmaster-General and Minister for Jus tice), the Hon. John Murray (Minister for Public Works and Railways), Hon. D. H. Dalrymple (Minister for Public Instruc tion), Messrs. T. Maedonald- Paterwon, R. Fraser, J. M 'Master, T. Finney R. If. Smith, J. M. Cross, &-bert king, I. ? Htissner, arid W. H. B. O'CpmieH, MM.L A., the Hon J. C. bray: he, M. L.C., the Mayor of Brisbane, Messrs. L. O. Lukin, L. E. Groom, A. S. LiUey, C. Lumley Hill P. B. Macgregor, John A. Clark, W Be^g, E, J. Stevens, J. D. Campbell, T. A. Ryan, 5. McDonald., £. WelBby, G- H. Klooksidge. A fewladies, including the Mayoress, Mrs. Macdonald Paterson, Mrs John Murray, Mrs. T. Glaseey, Mrs. J. D. Campbell, were pre sent. The proceedings were commenced by Mr. Robert Kaye contributing as a pianoforte solo a fantasia on jx-pular airs, after whkh Mr. C. J. Biittgfer sang '-The Soldiers of the Queen.' Fbis was loudly applauded and an encore insisted on, the singer giving another verse.' Mr. George Baines then caused much amusement by his singing of a comic topical song, entitled 'The Labour Party,' in which the present chaotic condition of the party in question was 'humourously described. ilr. Hoolau then appeared, and was re ceived with loud and prolonged applause, though a discordant element was also noticeable. One would-}*- facetious indi vidual jumped up and queried in a loud tone, ? *' Is this the gentleman who is going to take the chair, or is this Mr. John Plumper Hoolan V The same person con tinued to make a disturbance, thus pre venting Mr- Hoolau from being heard. AraMraws of M Sit down'1 and *' l urii him out' he was eventually silenced— at least for a time. Mr. Hoolan soothingly re marked, ?' Don't let the gentleman get ex cited. There is no necessity for putting him out.** But the soft answer in tjiis case did not turn away wrath, for the individual in question again apj-eared upset, and called out, ' 111 go if you give me my bob back. You are afraid of hearing an expres sion of opinion.' Mr, Hoolan : Do not get excited, my friend. Ladies and gentlemen, I hope you are being entertained. I am sure you will be cheaply entertained, considering the market value of amusements at the present time, but I did not know that that item was on the programme. Well if it pleases you, it is all right. Ladies and gentlemen,^ — I hope that there will be no fear at the ? sight of this literature (holding up volumes of ffanmrd and the Wobk'kr). They are only bibles. Parliament House and the ? -TRraiefrHaH; — -They- -are both sacred in their own names for telling lies always and the truth sometimes, (Laughter.) This is the sacred Koran (holding up a copy of the Wohkeh), and there are very many subjects that I might appear l»efore you in to-uight, and which would probably give you a great deal of interest and a great deal of pleasure, but they are not on the programme, and I understand you came here by advertisement and public announcements, and that you expect to hear a lecture as set forth in those advertisements and those announce ments; — Well, 1 can give it. It is painful and at the same time a pleasing subject, if the-JSuglish language -can -l*e ^coupled 'in that way. It is particularly painful to me to have to speak in probably contemptuous terms of some of my former friends ; but it is all in the game of life. It is very pleasing to me ; at the same time it is painful for me to do it, Ijecause I do it again-t my former friends ; but it is pleasing because I have to uphold my reputation — (hear, — ? hear) — and as I have l^ceiu^d-seHfvy-twa-t^ -ment at their hands, anything I say in defence is perfectly justified. (Loud applause.) One would think it were un necessary to introduce into a cultured audience such a place as the Trades Hall of Brisbane. So, to speak of the persons who run that institution, it is highly necessary in the interests of those misguided persons themselves, the Trades Hall people, and it is trebly necessary in the interests of the £000 persons who stand behind them and whom they misguide every hour and day of their lives. (Hear, hear, and konical laughter.) It is not necessary to go into the Tustory of tips in stitution, suffice it to say, it was founded on trades union principles, but like many other institutions, the principle has ifegfefefi ' ' i died, ani it has fallen into the hands of a number of persons who are not mechanics, but they still retain their title and carry on the business. These say they are the Trades Hall people. The people have fallen away. They call themselves the A.L.F., but there is not a decent me hanic among ttTeraT xhefe~is~~not a — decent labourer in their ranks, all of such keep away from the Trades Hall, except those who run the institution. (Har, hear!) It would be unnecessary indeed to introduce at this particular period of our history, and almost on the eve of a general election, anything concerning the pa«t history of this business, I ask do they not interfere at the present time in the political life of the colony of.Que nsland, and if they do not now stand with the most determined and insolent interference by tryintr to grip politicians by the throat, and so manacle the political' instituti ns of the country — (hear, hear!)— by trying to manacle them and legiron them? and I know this because 1 am one of .those on whom they have tried to put political manacles, to legiron so to speak, and to bind me down by their own peculiar principles and their useless and utterly incomprehensible ways, for incom prehensible they are, at the present. (Hear, hear !j It is, us I have said, both painful and plea-ant, and I will try to ming.e both together. The A.L.F. stands forth as a band of political reformers. (Hear, hear !) I contend they are no such thing, and that there is not a real political reformer amongst them. (Hear, heart) AH the political reform they h-ive done up to. the present is to bring about endless dint irban'ees, to build up endless rivalries and create inter minable lawsuits, and now, at the present day, with two or three good rows, an embezzlement, and a mortgage on hand and on the property, they are waiting for more funds to give th.tn as many as they want. I have a full programme on hand. (Hear, hear !) The first fundamental principlej of reform that is wanted in this colony, according to the leader^ of trades uuiontj in Great Britain and elsewhere, is a reform1 in the drinking traffic, j (Applause.) E\ery person 'who has travelled through tiie.se colonies, some highly educated and travelled in the cause of trade unionism, all of these unhesitatingly preach the doctrine of tem perance. Mr. Tillett, when he was here amongst his disciples and reformers, en joined, adjured them, and tried to press uixm them in every way, the necessity to always fight against the drink traffic. Did they do it? (A vciee: 'Of course.' I admit they do it in their own persons. (A voice : 'That is g_ood enough-') That is a very good thing indeed to keep sober themselves ; but they do that for themselves (Ap plause.) They keep sober themselves, for the siinple reason because they have to, because it seems to suit themselves, and not for an example to other persons. They try to make other -people believe that that is so. They keep politically sober for the political billets. Their billets would l-e so pre carious, if they gave way to drink that they would not be worth an hour's pay. (Hear, hear.) I have watched for many years how far those persons they call the bush unions carry out the principle of temperance. I have watched it careiully for years in it* principal aspect, and I have failed to see any way they have urged it, and now I find to my astonishment, that they have gone right into the drink traffic, and I will show you how. (Applause.) On the front page of this paper (Workkh), -the sacred Koran, you will notice a figure of a maiden 'with a lighted torch in her hand. That 'if supposed to represent all that is good, and all that follow that torch will go from darkness into light, from the ways of the benighted to the ways of truth and the just. It is the symbol of all that is good within them. But what do we find in the bible ot reform? AW find that in this very month of January, in the begin - ing of the new year, the Wokk'sk news paper discards creditable persons in the State, that it tries to force its members to xign a paper, arid trle.s in its methods — only known to the vile— to undermine and de stroy the reputation of persons who are Ix'tter in every respect than those who run this publication. We find that it is allied with no less than 7-5 public-houses in this colony. (Applause.) The Worker news paper is now what may be termed a guide for the ignorant. Instead of being a guide to the countrv, to assist thehi in what to Ho from day to day, to instructj;hem how to behave, they open the back doors and in vite them into the public-houses. They would find 70 advertisements for publicans instead of any recommendations to the working class that might encourage1 settle mfi»iL-Qn-±lif-Jajid n- » means of providing homes for their wives ; it is simply allied with the licensed victuallers. (Hear, hear.) 1 am grieved to see that within the last few weeks the persons who represent and pub lish it have offered the political support of the labor party in Brisbane to the keeper of a public-house. If that is the result of labour in politics ; if that is all you have l-een working for these many years, then I .say it is time that heaven interfered in some way with labour in politics, or I am afraid the devil will get hold of both. This business, I may tell you, is of my own seek ing. No one urges me to do this. No one lias lYie power lrorrhe mflrrencp-to urge me to do it, but I take this opportunity to re taliate in Brisbane as far as I can upon the miseries of the Trades Hall, who have done so much to discredit me in the past. It may be thought l-ecause Mr. Thomas Finney is member for Toowong, and that Mr. Mat. Reid ia the person who is opposing him — Mat. Reid who is acting as political scavenger to the Trades Hail, and who is still scavenging — that I try to do -fcbis-to^tfjttfe-him I ceriai«l^-would do_ this to injure him, ani will try all I can to injure him, but will do it in an open and honourable way. (A voice: 'You have got no hope.') It really is not necessary for me to attempt to injure Mat. Reid in Toowong. When you come to. balance the two— Mr. Finney of Toowong and Mr. Mat. Reid of Toowong, the mind of any intelligent individual must be balanced in favour of Mr. Finney. (A voice: 'How much did he pay you?') What has; Mat. Reid done for the cause of labour, and what have 1 done fi -r it, and I have tried as hard to do some good as ever Mr Mat. Reid has done. (A voice: 'He is. a man.') I daresay he is a man, no one ever said he was not. I never had any idea that he was an old woman. (Laughter and cheers. ) What I say 'is, and I will ask all sensible people to put it to the test^ that Sir. Thomas Finney has done more in the cause of labour since he has set up in Brisbane than the whole of the Labour Party put together. (Hear, hear ) I do not want to make these statements, but when a misery like Mr-- Mat. Reid chooses to put himself forward as a scavenger, and travels through the country trying to injure me, it is only fair that I should have the opportunity of speaking up fot myself. I say that the efforts of the whole Labour Party have not bmi of as much good as the efforts of Tom Finney— (applause)— during the years he has been established in Brisbane. What do you think is going to come to this country if such men as Mr. Finney are to Ik? rejected in favour of men like Mat. Reid ? What have the Trades Hall people ever gained,; and what are they ever likely to gain as compared with a man such as Sir. Finney who, in the most laudable way, had built up a busine-s which had been the means of employing a large number of }-eople ? What * have the Trades Hall people done in comparison ? Let us search in the sacred Koran which issues from the chapel of Lalwur, where the high priests sit and deliver the gospel. (Laughter.) But we shall search in vain. They have done nothing. As agaii.&t; this I ask you to consider what has f)een the gain to the working classes through the efforts of-Mrr Finney on V»ehalf of the half-holiday and early -dosing movements. (Applause.) If we can shuw anything in which Labour has gained by reason. of our efforts, I would be only too glad ; but we cannot show one iota. When I was, to my sorrow, con nected with the Trades Hall, and long before I ever saw Mr Finney's face, I recognised the good he had done for the people,, and I objected to his name V-eing treated with disrespect by the people. of the Trades Hall. (A voice: 'Can't bespeak for himself !'} Of course he can speak for himwdf, but_I intend to sj-eak for him too, as I would for any man who so well de served it. (Applause.) I say Mr. Finney's consistent work in the interests of labour is worthy of the honour of everyone. It is a shining example and I am glad to be able to say it here on the public platform. (A voice : ' When are you going to start your speech?') Now, J ask you -how can people be taken seriously who, like the A.LF., attempt to undertake the control of the destinies of thi? country from end to end — ^hear, hear! and laughter)— when they cannot point to any one thing they have undertaken in which they have met with the slightest measure of success? During the whole nine years they have been in existence they cannot point to one thing in which they have gained any measure of success. (A voice: 'They have kept you in your seat.') I may say I got on my feet without them, and can keep on my feet without any assistance from them. (Ap plause.) But instead of assisting me they are trving alJ they can to knock me off, and their blathering idiot, Mat. Reid, is run ning all over the country, downing this man and flattening -everything, while the 'Paddington crowd are keeping matters warm for him. (Applause, and a voice: 'He'll wipe the floor with you, anyhow,') Let him do it. In reality, however, while he is running about like a blathering fool, he is being quietly tumbled himself. (Laughter.) I tell you that you had better look after Toowong, for I am going back to the' house of jaw— (hear, hear) — and there is no man I desire to meet there more than Mr. Mat Reid, with his long jaw and blathering tongue, where -there—is no push to barrack for either^ These people talk about Socialism, and all lean say is that there is nothing for them to do but to come out and try it. but these people who aspire to capture every industry and trt- run the whole country themselves, cannot even manage to run the wretched concern in which they take shelter from day to day — the Trades Hall. (Laughter.) Many years ago, when the Trades Hall were respectable,' the Government granted them a valuable piece of land. Now we want to see the business practice of these Trades Hall people — to examine their busi ness habits and to look at them from various points— of A*ieiv— and - in variotts lights — to seewhat they are worth. As far as I am concerned it long ago dawned upon me tliatf they have hadTio business methods ? . i and no business ability at all. I told them long ago that they had not enough business tact to manage a goat house. (Laughter.) Well, anyway, the Government gave them this piece of land — very wisely. After a while troublous times came, and the busi ness which these very business-like persons tookJii hajid failed, The few old bricks and mortar that hung together proved nothing but a monument of horror and in competence — a thing to i-e jeered at and to remain an object lesson to all,. The Trades Hall people then got the assistance of Mr. Drake and Mr. Charles Powers to get an enabling bill through Parliament so that they might be. able to finish their splendid building. They con trived ' to get the bill passed so that they might mortgage the land and so that the high priests, Mat. Reid or Seymour, when they went to offer up their prayers, might do so with a snug mortgage over their heads. (Laughter.) I will now read an extract from the parliamentary bible, (the Hansard), a book which never lies, and which is held in great reverence. In 1893 Mr, Mat. Reid, the man who was running all over the country and cutting political throats, the man who said recently **I have cut the political throat of John Plumper Hoolan, and now I am going to Clermont to cut the political throat of John Michael Cross.' Now* if Mr. Mat. Reid will take my advice he will stop at home and file off the fetters fi-onrhis own political ankles. In 1.893 Mat. Reid crawled to Sir Thomas M*I1 wraith to beg him not to oppose the Enabling Bill— he crawled, so to speak, to boodledum, so that they could get the bill through and get the £2700 on their mortgage, Now, persons who choose to lecture others, either publicly or privately, ought at any rate to be free from blot themselves. (Hear, hear !) Well, during the Massage of the Enabling Bill through Parl|ament, in 18JJ3, M-r-.-Mat,--Reid used the* words, 'The unions are the pro prietors, and the delegates are the agents to lookf after the business.-' He stated that the I money, the £2708 15s.- --d.— I do not kmjw what the sixpence is for, hut I sup pose it is necessary in the ease, of a trades union— (laughter)— that that sum was 'a debt due to the unions which have lent the money unconditionally t« the board of management,- and it ^ will be repaid with interest added when all other debts have been paid off,' (Laughter.) Who would believe that those woWs had been used if it -were not that it is^bowu in the parlia mentary volume which never lies that they were actually uttered by this political cut throat ; but I unhesitatingly say that it is tr«e, because I was his leader at the time. I say it was only a piece of political bamboozle; The- unions did not give the money at all, but it was given by one of the mortgage companies in the city—and it remains there to-day. Mr. Mat. Reid when he used those words made a statement which was either wilfully deceptive or else be did not know what he was talking about. The Trades Hall was nothing but a disgraceful sham, and there is not a decent workman's money there. (A voice :' It's a lie.' V The unions' 'who had' supported it had left, and the last of them had left it .jeavily in debt. How the interest on the mortgage is Iwing paid is a matter of mystery, but I suppose it is being paid or ; the ;. mortgagees would have taken it over. Quite recently they had paid off £500 of the amount of the mortgage, but the Trades Hall people have not had the temerity to tell us where that money came from. Well, I'll tell you where it came from. They got it from the Government. -{Loud laughter.) Where should any £500 be got to pay off a mortgage but f roin the Government ? They got it, and it was this way. The Trades Hall is supposed to be on a tunnel, and the tunnel is supposed to be under the Trades Hall. (Laughter. ) It is a great pity the Trades -Hall is not in the tunnel— (laughter)— and that there is not a back and a side entranse, and an escaue valve for superfluous gas. (Loud laughter.) Well, they got this £500 from the Govern ment because they were supposed to have propped up this tunnel, and that is the only smart piece of business! have ever known them to do. (Laughter.) These people who want to control the meatworks, and to control the land, and to control the whole of the people of the colony— who want to regulate what everyone should eat and what everyone should drink, and how long they should work, and what money, they should receive— these people negotiated this £500 from the Government on the strength of a £50. pill— that is to sav, they spent £50 on mortar and got £500 for it. 'Xow, my plan is to turn the Trades Hall into a market _hajt. It is worth a pound or two that they ' be got rid of. The unions are all out west, and why do not these people go out and follow them ? The unions control the Labour Party, and if the Lal-our Party control the Government we should all be controlled by tire-Trades Hall. It is said that the campers-out who 'doss' in the Sydney Domain control the Active Service Brigade, and that the Active . Service Brigade controls the Labour Party, that the Labour Party controls Mr.'G. H. Reid, who in turn controls the Government— so that in reality it is the Domain dossers who control the Government. Now let us -look- for a -memeat ^i£ lite finances of the Trades Hall. The annual revenue of this controlling body is something over £3000. Let us look how this is spent. I will not go into the disbursements ior kerosine, sta tionery, telegrams and the like. We find that Curtis, of Hugheuden, gets £200 a vear and travelling expenses; Kewley, of Longreach, gets £200, and E. T. Brennen late of Cliarleville, gets t'200, all with travelling expenses on a liberal scale. (Laughter.) Then we find that Mat. Reid, the political cut-throat, gets £200, with travelling expenses— he's not doing too bad —it's just as good as being member for Toowong if it was not for a matter of am bition. You see there is no necessity for him to buy any tailor-made clothes, as he will have to do if he gets into Parliament it's just a matter of spending 4s. Gd. for a pair of blucher boots, 3s. Gd. for a pair of moleskins, and sticking your heels into the ribs of an old horsf, and away he goes. Then we find that Dave Bowman gets £200, Mr. HincheKffe gets t'300, Seymour £200, and the great Higgs, their man of brains, formerly got £200, but now, in consequence of the alliance with the licensed victuallers, his salary has been raised to the munificent sum of £4 10s. per week. That is the result of the alliance with the publicans— the Mending of grog and literature, swipes and sentiment. (Laughter, i The rest is made up of petty cash, sundries, and office ex penditure. ' Xowyou will ask where does the bushman come in?— the A.W.U. man who sometimes has not a tent to cover him, and whose sole possessions are a worn-out blanket and an eighteen-permy billy? When* does the W.P.O. and the Q.S.S. come in? They come in where they ought to come in. They get a ticket— a ticket for soup. {Laughter.) I say it is the duty of the people to rise uj) in arms against this dominant and domineering clique. (Ap plause. ) The.se persons who want to run tin1 whole country, though they have shown themselves incapable of running^ their own little tin -pot show. The.se men who oouM not get a decent living by their own labour, and can only live by getting it out of the sweat of others. Thvy have abandoned their temperance. principles, and iheir sole virtue now is their personal sobriety. (A. voice: 'That's a _ _gpoddeal.') Yes, it is a great deal, but it ought to go further. Instead of their sup porting tem'jierance principles, we now find that they have the advertisements of 75 publir-hou^es in their journal. I say again they are not fit to run anything. I know I myself am not fit— then how can peonle think that these ignorant and incapable per-ons can do it ? (A voice : ' How many hotel advertisement* have you got in your paper?) I am not going to submit to having any manacles put on me. I was born in Australia, and I have found it a fm* country— (applausa) — a country of boundless liberty. I have never quarrelled with anyone before in such a way that it could not be patched up — but I at any rate will not submit to the merciless tyrannical wretches who run the Trades Hall. Rather than that I would go out and perish in the bu-h alone, and leave my bones 'unwept, unhonoure-d. and unsung.' At the close of his address Mr. Hoolan was accorded loud and prolonged applause. It was continued until Mr. Hoolan came forward and bowed his acknowledgments, A voice from the audience asked Mr. Hoolan why he did not go to Toowong, whereupon that gentleman replied, 'I will be in Toowong soon enough. Toowong contains a cemetery, and you can keep that -ild walking ghost. there.' (Laughter.) Mr. George Baines then sang an Irish -ornic number, 'Brannigan,' after which *' Mr. St. Clair' delivered a skit on an address to the electors by the endorsed — hrbour candidate for Carnarvon, which ap peared to highly amuse the audience. Mr. George Baines then gave another topical song which had reference to the result of the forthcoming election in Toowong and the supposed defeat of Mr. Mat. Reid. Mr. C. J. .Bottger brought the programme \--- a close by singing ' The Old Brigade.'* Mr. Hoolan announced that during the month political lectures would be given, and a low price of admission charged. The lec tures would be enlivened by illustrations of candidates in the different stages of the contest. On the return of the Premier business would commence in earnest, and as the electors of Brisbane North had kept very quiet so far, he advised them to wake up and not Jet the Trades Hall people take the wind out of their sails. (Ap plause). The gathering then broke up. Thk first regular company of Waits were established at Exeter in 1400. ( )nk tropical and subtropical variety of seaweed is known which, when it reaches its. full developement, is at least 600 feet iff length. Seaweed receives its nourishment from the air and mineral matter held in solution. Ckutain caves have been reported as: maintaining a uniform temperature, sum mer and winter, of 54 degrees Fahrenheit. They may he said to breathe twice a year —inhaling during the winter and exhaling during the summer. A strange custom is followed by Mexican farmers. They use oxen of one colour in the morning, and another colour in the afternoon. Tnev do not know why, but they know it mustta. the right thing to do, because their forefathers did it. 