By the Way. Pbobaslt tbe subject of most importance to thn Macleay ju*t now is that of swamp drainage. Where action has been taken to trv and get G-orernment to assist in the matter the official reply has generally been to the effect that nothing can be done till the old drainage unions are dissolved. From enquiries made we are authoritatively in formed that a few pounds would enable this to be done, and there should be no difficulty in raising the necessary funds. Probably howerer when this is done the Department will find some other way ' how not to do it,' but past experience fhould enable' those interested to overcome the difficulty. Anyone seeing the swamps at the present time behind Clybucca, Gladstone, Kinchela, and other parts of the river must feel a pang of regret that so much land which might be devoted to grazing the profitable dairy cow is now only suitable as a breeding ground for ducks and water fowl, and the fact that it is the close season for wild ducks and other wild fowl makes the feeling more in tensely exasperating. It ifl usually supposed 'that in thia month the ' friend in need' of the newspaper man in this country, the black snake, is taking his well earnt hybernal nap or devising in the dark recesses of same ancient lnf fanci ful schemes whereby he may earn immortality in printers ink, as tbe hero of a ' really true and new jam.' But that even snakes are aiming at originality now-a-days was recent ly shown by the fact that a well-known knight of the trigger whilst out looking for tbe nimble quail Skillion Flat way last week saw a fine fat 6 foot long snake in almost as lively a state as at midsummer. As a mat ter of course be shot him, but although badly ' hit the sinuous reptile took fully a quarter of an bn.ur to finally give up the ghost. It is good in time of plenty to be remind ed of what trials the poor have to udergo, and when the rains descend and water is more plentiful than desirable what those have to suffer who travel through the drought stricken country inland. He was a commer cial traveller, fresh from the North Coast rivers, and after, a long railway journey had tq -take coach to a remote town in tbe back ? 'blocks. After tea he made enquiries at the hotel as to Whether the shower bath was in good order and was .told it was. After his ^flight's rest be repaired to tbe aquelaval '(Word copyrighted) shrine with a basin of water and cake of soap. Having duly lather e'dbimself from bead to foot he pulled tbe string, when down came a terrible cloud of yellow dust and dirt. Fearful that the * bnilding was oti the' point of tumbling down he rushed headlong out and into the hotel, attired just as he was. Tbe female attend ants fled, whilst the male surroundings roared with lnncrhrAt*' Tn^icrnnntlir lia -4aman/1n/4 nf the hnst ' what this sort of thing meant.' ' Well,' replied Boniface ' the last shower we had the tank was full and no one's used it since.' The ' last' shower' had occurred three months previously, Bince which the weather had been ' dry' and the winds -? prevailing ' hot.' The destructive hurricane which pnsac-d over the West Indies wrecked the town of Ponce, in Puerto Rico. Two hundred inhabitants were drowned, and all the ebip \- ping in port was blown ashore. At Mnntser Tat, one of the Windward Ishnds, 74 persons wore killed. Every church was destroyed, and the whole of tbo people in the interior of tho island are homeless. On tbo island of Nevis 21 persons wore killed, and many lost their liveB in Gundaloupe. Further reports state that at Point-o-Pilro, tbe principal town of Guadaloupo, 102 lives wcro lost. The town of Humacao, Puerto JBie.o, was des troyed. 