Rev. A. S. Swift. FOR want of space in the Xmas number of the ADVOCATE, the fol- lowing omission was made in the letterpress which accompanied the photo of the Rev. A. S. Swift, also a Xmas poem which we take the earliest opportunity of publish- ing:- Alfred Stanhope Swift was born of British parents in the year 1839, in Vienna. After receiving private tuition in Germany and England, extending over a period of ten years, he decided to visit Australia, and almost immediately entered the Wesleyan Ministry in Victoria, and shortly after passed the theo- logical carriculum examination as required by the church, and was ordained in Maitland, N.S.W., in 1873\. A great deal of Mr. Swift's colonial experience has been gained in both Queensland and Victoria ; but the majority of his time has been spent in this colony. Twenty five years ago he was located at the Lower Hawkesbury, and shortly after leaving that place, was mar- ried to Eva, second daughter of the late Mr. Samuel Bray, of Bathurst. Mrs. Swift, has at all times proved herself an ardent worker for the 'Church, and has consequently been of great assistance to her worthy husband in ministering the chris- tian doctrine ; she having on occa- sions stepped into the breach and taken the service, rather than see the congregation depart unsatisfied. Both Mr. and Mrs. Swift have only been comparatively a short while residing in the district, but during that time they have proved of great assistance to any charitable or other worthy movements, and are beloved generally by members of all de- nominations. Mr. Swift possesses no small ability as a writer of verse, as the following lines will show : - THE CHRISTMAS NIGHT. It was "at" dead oí night when all the world was hush'd, A ad shadows deep its burdened bosom crushed, The types of jnorai darkness and des pair That reigned o'er human spirits every where. Mysterious night ! which hath to man revealed What light of day forever had concealed: The depths unending and the countless worlds * That God in millions through the spaces hurl'd, ''And sut in courses and stupendous mazes. With lustre brighter than the sun'that dazes ; And mighty awns, rliat hare rolled away, With God, the ' Eternal, butai yesterday.' On %»lemn «úgbiL when in mysterious plumber. XErâjUltAi of death; wfaiöU"doth its«ulUons: When powers of reason, enshrouded or3 suspended, : > ; And souls in 6hndo«r-land, and realms .unreal wended, Ir( darkest hour before the blush of dawn, E'en then it was, the Child of Hupe was bora. Jv nd on that night beheld in lowl/' -manger \ The Vii gin mother, belike unwelcome stranger, Brought forth, as prophets in the days of old, ; Those messengers of God, had all foretold, That One couceivè 1 of the Holy Ghost, And heralded from Heaven by rngel host. y And like the mingling of unearthly voice« And melody ent-ancing, where each with each rejoices With rapture pure, and sympathy pulsate The heavenly choir, the lovo of God translating, ' Did glorify the giver of the gift supernal. And sang.-»* To Him all homage be, and praise eternal ! ' And as unto Almighty God thc chant ascended With Vilesied news for mortals, thus it ended : " Pence to thc w irld, and hope for et ii-ken mortals, To each, thtou.h Bethlebcm'6 Bile, is op'd thc portal Of bliss once more ! The world shall be restored, For God to man through Christ d »th sav t ing help afford 1" 