============ CURRENT TOPICS. Ministerial.—The Premier (Sir Ed- ward Braddon) is expected in the city to-day in order to be present at the federal demonstration to be held in the Albert Hall this evening. Sir Edward will address meetings on the same question at Campbell Town to-morrow night, at Parratah on Wednesday, and possibly at Evandale on Thursday. The Attorney- General (Hon. D. C. Urqu- hart) passed through the city on Saturday en route to Derby to attend the ceremony which is to mark the commencement of dredging for mine- rals in that district. Importation of Stock and Butter. The steamer Pateena, which arrived from Melbourne on Saturday, landed, among other cargo, 120 sheep and 60 boxes of butter. Selby Assessment Roll.—The ad- journed meeting of local authorities, who are compiling the new assessment roll for the Selby district, will be held at the Police Court at 11 a.m. to-day. Homeopathic Hospital.—In our "So- cial Notes" on Saturday the name of Mr. W. S. Bell was given as secretary of the forthcoming fair, whereas it should have been Mr. A. H. Bowden. Cheap Rail Trips.—Readers are re- minded that the cheap trips to Laun- ceston from the Western, Chudleigh, and Fingal lines take place on Thurs- day next. Full particulars will be found in the Railway Department's advertisement appearing in this issue. Entertainment at Carrick.—Mr. Wil- lie Scott, Miss Sadie D'Astro, and com- pany appear in the Carrick Hall on Wednesday evening. The entertain- ment they will present will be varied, including as it does illusions, ventrilo- quism, comic sketches, memory tests, spiritualism, and banjo elections. Paderewski Married.—Last Monday's "Warsaw Courier" (says a Paris tele- gram of June 8 in the London "Daily Mail") announces that Paderewski was married on May 31, with the utmost secrecy, to Miss Helen Rosen, at the Church of the Holy Ghost, in Warsaw. The newly- married couple are now in Paderewski's villa, near Lausanne, where they intend to spend the honey- moon. The Bands' Ball.—On Wednesday evening the Albert Hall will be the scene of the Band Association's ball, which promises to be a successful and enjoyable function. Novel decora- tions are promised, and as there are to be a number of fancy sets, with a grand march under the direction of Sergeant-Major Welsh, the general effect from the galleries should be striking. Exchange of Pulpits.—The exchange of pulpits with which the united week of services under the auspices of the Ministers' Association is inaugurated, took place yesterday morning, all the churches concerned being well at- tended. This evening the first of the weeknight services will be held at St. Andrew's, commencing at 7.30. Rev. H. Jones, M.A., will take the chair, and the special subject is to be "Devo- tional," upon which Rev. C. Lancaster will speak. Police Court.—The bench at this court on Saturday morning was occu- pied by Mr. E. Whitfeld, P.M., and Mr. J. Stephenson, J.P. A young man, charged with being of unsound mind, was remanded to the house of deten- tion, General Hospital, for one week for medical examination.—Four per- sons were charged with having neglect- ted to send their children to school. One case was adjourned for a week, and the others till the 29th inst.—One person for having allowed a dog to be at large was fined 5s, costs remitted. Sudden Death.—A man named Joseph Quantrill, engaged as a cart driver for Mrs. Susan Brash, Inveresk, died suddenly on Saturday night. It appears that deceased was lodging in a hut along with a man named George Priest, and when Priest awoke yester- day morning he found Quantrill dead. Deceased was only partly dressed at the time, and was bleeding out of the mouth, and from appearances death was due to choking through the burst ing of a bloodvessel. Information was then given to the police, and the body was removed to the morgue. An in- quest will be held at 3 p.m. to-day at the River View Hotel. Sacred Concert at the Albert Hall. A large audience patronised the sacred concert given last evening in the Al- bert Hall, and the widow of the late Mr. H. B. Sweet, in whose aid it was given, should receive therefrom a con- siderable measure of acceptable assis- tance. A capital programme was sub- mitted, the St. Joseph's, Second Bat- talion, and City Bands contributing in- strumental selections, while an efficient choir sang "Mozart's 12th Mass," and songs were given by Mesdames Archer and Castley and Miss Oliver. Miss Kate Richardson officiated as organist, Madame Shaw presiding at the piano. The entertainment was of a very en- joyable character. Exodus from Ireland.—One of the most pathetic of Archbishop Carr's ex- periences during his journeyings around the world was (says the "Aus- tralian Star," Sydney) his tale of the exodus from Ireland, which still con- tinues in as great volume as ever. At its present rate of depopulation the population of Ireland will have disap- peared by the middle of next century. Within 50 years the inhabitants have been reduced from 8,000,000 to 4,000,000. An idea of the extent to which the country is dependent upon monetary support from America may be gathered from the fact that in the 36 years ended in 1887 the remittances amounted to over £32,000,000. Campbell Town Item.—A sub-com- mittee meeting of the board of manage- ment of the Campbell Town Hospital was held this afternoon to consider the tenders for erecting a new insti- tute on the hospital property, when the tender of Mr. A. Fahey, £165, was accepted. There were four tenders, ranging from £165 to £300. The committee of the Campbell Town Insti- tute are to allow the hospital board of management £10 per annum.—On enquiry, I learn that the man Free- man, inmate at the local hospital, who recently had his arm amputated, is progressing favourably, and Dr. Tofft is well pleased with the progress of the patient. Inebriate Hospitals.—The State of Massachusetts, always in the van of social progress, has now a hospital to which inebriates are committed for terms not exceeding two years. In con- nection with it is a large farm, of which 96 acres are under cultiva- tion, and workshops in which various trades are carried on, and from which, by the sale of brooms alone, £1500 was realised in 1898. In this hospital occupation and exercise under medical supervision are the es- sentials, and it is found that under physical training—which is carried on in regular classes—the patients in- creased in weight and in chest capa- city, whilst the ultimate effects of the treatment are decidedly encouraging. Amy Castles.—Miss Amy Castles is reported in the "Bendigo Advertiser" as explaining her future movements as follows:—"The first intention was that I should leave by the Armand Behic on August 10, but I have been granted a month's grace, and shall sail by the French mail steamer, the Aus- tralien, on September 4. This will give me more time to fulfil my engage- ments, and I will return to Bendigo after my Adelaide concert. My mother will accompany me to Paris. We have letters of introduction to the heads of the musical world there, and pending our arrival there no final arrange- ments will be made. My mother re- turns to Australia as soon as I have settled down in my new sphere, and I anticipate several years of hard study before I see Australia again. I.O.G.T.—The Hope of Launceston Lodge held its usual quarterly coffee supper in the Temperance Hall on Fri- day night. There was a large atten- dance of members and visitors, Sister M'Nally, Chief Templar, presiding. The C.T. and G.C.T. (Bro. Piper) gave very earnest addresses on "Tem- perance," and an entertaining pro- gramme was provided, the following taking part:—Sister Mackrill, song; Sister M'Nally, song; Sister Williams, recitation; Bro. Butterworth, song; Bro. Wilson, recitation; Bro. Wain- wright, song; Bro. Gunn, song; the secretary, song; Bro. Brown, song; Bro. G. M'Nally, recitation; Bros. Row- bottom and Smith, duet; Bro. Knowles, song. A vote of thanks was accorded to all who helped to make the meeting a success, which closed with singing the National Anthem. Old Age and Mortality.—In a recent issue of the "Examiner" attention was drawn to the excessive rate of the mortality for June among the aged of Launceston and its environs, and the official statistics for that month, as supplied by the Registrar-General (Mr. R. M. Johnston) verify the figures to which our readers' notice was on that occasion drawn. Excluding infant mortality—nine for the Launceston re- gistration district—35 deaths were re- gistered during June, and of that num- ber 15 were 75 and upwards, six be- tween 65 and 75, and, four between 55 and 65. In the Hobart district there were, excluding the figures of infant mortality (22), 45 deaths, 12 of them over 75, 15 between 65 and 75, and six 55 to 65. Thus of the 80 deaths above 5 years old in both districts, 27—15 males and 12 females—were 75 and up- wards, 21—11 males and 10 females— were between 65 and 75, and 10—five of either sex—between 55 and 65. Such unique figures can be attributed only to the effects of the recent severely cold weather upon old age. Saved the Dog.—The love of an Australian bushman for his horse has passed into an accepted fact, but the love of an Australian seaman for his dog, as shown at the recent collision (says the "Argus"), is not less intense. After the Edina had backed away from the sinking Excelsior, and the skiff containing the captain and engineer had left her side, a small dingey was seen to shoot from the Edina's bows in the direction of the Excelsior. A solitary man stood in the boat sculling in his shirt sleeves, and ever and again he would glance over his shoulder to- wards a portion of the foundering ves- eel, whence a series of doleful howls arose. Straining their eyes through the fog, the passengers on the Edina made out the figure of a dog chained to the side of the Excelsior cook- house, and they saw the sculler reach the deck of the ship, which was then at the water's edge, tether his boat, and a second later return triumphantly with the dog unchained. The seaman sculled out from the Excelsior just in time to avoid the vortex as she foun- dered, and came on board with his faithful dog in his arms. Grim Relics.-Two grim relics have just been added to the collection in Paris known as the Musee de l'Armee, which was recently installed in the Hotel des Invalides. They are the wooden leg worn by General Daumesnil, and General d'Aboville's steel shoul- der. Daumesnil, a Napoleonic veteran who had left one of his lower ex- tremities on the field of Wagram, hap- pened to be in command at Vincennes when the Allies entered Paris. He re- fused to surrender, crying from the battlements: ''I won't give up the place till you give me back my leg." Baron d'Aboville (says a London contem- porary) "was also a hero of Wagram, where a cannon ball carried away the whole of his shoulder to the collar- bone. "Patch me up this," he re- marked to Baron Larrey, the great sur- geon, when he reached the field hos- pital. Larrey, though he considered the case hopeless, bound the wound up as best he could. Some years after an officer came into his consulting room and complained that he could not get a coat to fit him. The doctor at once recognised his former patient, and made for him the steel shoulder, which the general wore for the rest of his days. Melba.—Of Melba as Lucia di Lammermoor the London "Daily News" says:-Although by no means the last of the great florid singers—for Madame Patti, Madame Sembrich, Madame Nevada, Madame Marie Marimon, and others are still living, and more or less before the public—the Australian prima donna is the youngest, and may perhaps even- tually prove to be the final survivor of the vocalists of this particular genre. Nowadays, except for Han- delian and other oratorios, florid vocal- ism is hardly needed; and, despite the beautifully finished and birdlike man- ner with which Madame Melba on Saturday night executed the trills and roulades in which the demented Lucia seeks to convey news of the tragic death of her husband to a party of quite unsympathetic Scotch noblemen and ladies who form a semi-circle round her, the so-called "mad" music in "Lucia" seemed vastly absurd. The performance was remarkable chiefly as a demonstration of pure and almost perfect florid singing. The cadenza with the flute was even repeated; for, although the demented Lucia may have been mad, she was not so mad as to refuse an encore on one of the most aristocratic nights of the season. Seventh Day Adventists.—The bien- nial session of the Australian Union Conference of Seventh Day Adventists is now being held at the Bible School for Christian Workers at Cooranbong, New South Wales, a township located amid the quiet scenes of nature about 75 miles north of Sydney, between Morissett and Dora Creek railway stations, on the northern or Newcastle line. The denomination has secured 1500 acres of land, on which are placed five large, two-storey buildings, viz., health retreat, college hall, dormi- tories, and dining-room, also a large chapel capable of seating about five hundred people. The students now number 136. Visitors and dele- gates numbering about 100, and hail- ing from America, South Africa, the Islands of Polynesia, and each colony in Australasia, are present at the meetings, which commenced on 6th inst., and continue till the 24th. Among the various subjects set down for discussion are education, publish- ing, home and foreign missionary work, Sabbath-school work, medical work, slum and rescue work for men and women, Christian help work for old and young, opening up of work among the gold-fields of West Aus- tralia, the Maoris of New Zealand, and the numerous inhabitants of the many islands of the Pacific. Each meeting, notwithstanding tile inclemency of the weather, is well attended, the large chapel, in which all the gatherings are held, being filled. Tale of the Sea.—A story of the sea comes from Nagasaki by the China steamer Chingtu. The United States transport, Philadelphia (says the "Daily Telegraph," Sydney, of 11th inst.) arrived at Japan, and reported that she had spoken the American bark Hesper, all but wrecked, in lati- tude 30.37 north, longitude 127.44 east, near Guam. The Hesper left Port Townsend on March 9 with a cargo of lumber for China. When in the vicinity of the Ladrone islands a hur- ricane was encountered, and the vessel was thrown on her beam ends. Her deck load was shifted. and great da- mage was done to the rigging and hull by the terrible waves that swept her fore and aft. The main rail, stan- chions, and bulwarks were carried away. The vessel was practically waterlogged, and for 12 hours was un- manageable. The water filled her decks. In that condition the bark made over 1000 miles. The Philadel- phia was hove to, and a boat sent off to the distressed vessel. Captain Sodengren refused assistance. He said that the Hesper's cargo of lumber would keep her afloat, and that he would be able to reach port. The cabins of the bark had been abandoned, and Mrs. Sodengren, who always tra- vels with her husband, was living in a canvas house erected on the top of a pile of lumber. The crew had quar- ters near by. Captain Sodengren had removed nearly all the provisions from the store-room, and had succeeded in keeping them in fair condition, but he was glad to accept food from the transport. Vital Statistics.—The Government Statistician's report on the vital statistics for June states that during the month 121 births—63 males and 58 females—were registered in the registration districts of Hobart and Launceston. This is four less than the corresponding month last year, and a decrease of 7.4 as com- pared with the average of the births registered in June during the last five- yearly period. To every 1000 of the population of the two districts the pro- portions of births registered were as follow:—For Hobart, 1.64; for Laun- ceston, 2.09; all, 1.82. The deaths re- gistered in June in Hobart and Laun- ceston numbered 111—56 males and 55 females; 36 deaths, or 32.43 per cent. of the whole, took place in public in- stitutions. The total number of deaths registered in the two districts during June, 1899, is 33 more than the corresponding month last year, and shows an increase of 36.8 as compared with the average number of deaths re- gistered in June during the last five- yearly period. To every 1000 of the population of the respective divisions the proportions of deaths registered were as follow:—Hobart, 1.65; Laun- ceston, 1.70; all, 1.67. The deaths under five years of age numbered 31, or 27.92 per cent., of which 24 were under one year of age; the deaths be- tween five and 65 years of age num- bered 32, or 28.83 per cent.; and the deaths 65 years and upwards num- bered 48, or 43.25 per cent. Of the 111 deaths registered during June, 106 actually occurred during the month of June, and five actually occurred during the month of May. The total deaths re- gistered up to the present time as having actually occurred during May amount to 82 (52 in Hobart and 30 in Launceston), which is one less than the number of deaths registered during that month irrespective of date of ac- tual occurrence. The births and deaths in the country districts for June were— North-Eastern, 54—22; North-Western, 82—32; Midland, 79—35; South- Eastern, 50—14; South-Western, 8—6; all country districts, 273—109, as against 259—84 and 253—84 for June of the two preceding years. Farmers and others are requested to note that Ferguson and Co., Hardware Mer- chants, Brisbane and George streets, Laun- ceston, are in no way connected with Ferguson and Co., Genders's Buildings, Cameron-street, Launceston, who advertise as purchasers of grain and produce. South Kensington Examinations.-The South Kensington examinations, 1899, com- mence at the Technical School on 24th inst. W.C.T.U.-The monthly meeting of the W.C.T.U. will be held in the Mechanics' Institute class-room to-morrow afternoon at 3.30. Selden, the chronicler, records that King James used to call for his old shoes; they were easiest for his feet. In these days it is not necessary that we should always wear our old shoes, since the new goods sold by Petterd and Co. at the Boot Palace are comfortable from the start. 