The Presbyterian Church. Tea-Meeting at Ebenezer. THE usual annual tea-meeting in connection with thc Presbyterian charge of Pitt Town and Ebene zer was held on Anniversary Pay. with the result that the picnic ground at' the latter place wa: visited by. a goodly number of local and district residents, many of whom drove long distances to be present. Á drive from Windsor to Ebenezer, even on a hot day, is one fraught with pleasure. From Fleming's Hill we catch a glimpse of the Hawkesbury, and thence pass on to the Sackville Reach-road. Dull and monotonous as this bush track seems, it is not without its tales of thrilling interest. " The Ghost's Culvert" indicates a spol where a savage murder was once committed, and derives its name from the popular belief that the spirit of the victim .has often been observed hovering round the scene of its rude dismissal from the body. And near tbis is a small heap ol stones by the wayside, the memorial of an even sadder tragedy, for here, some f«w years ago. consumed by a bush fire which raged on both 6ides of the road, perished an unfortunate lady, a resident of the district- And now, striking east ward, a short drive through bush brings us to a white gate, within which is the Ebenezer Public School. A little farther onward, another white gate, and, standing within its graveyard, the old church of Ebenezer is before us, a bumble struc ture enough, yet, despite its homely masonry and small proportions, wearing a quaint and time worn look withal-as we tn our roo years of existence rate time-which invests it with an interest all ¡» own. BuHt,pf grayish stone, it is about 40ft x ijft, and about xi feet to the eaves of the low-slated roof, which has replaced the original shingles,' and with four windows of 18 small panes on each side, but none on either end These windows are not all placed at regular distances from each other, for between each pair is a wide gap, once filled on the eastern side by a door (now blocked up and overspread by the branches of a lemon tree), but with nothing on the western side to break the curiously dispro pertioned effect given to it by the irregularity an irregularity traceable to the circumstance that the building at first served a double purpose, tbe northern end being used as a church, and the southern partitioned off as a school and school master's residence, with a staircase and room above. The partition is now removed and the whole space thrown into the church, the straight-browed old school door admitting into an interior as unpre tentious as the outside would lead one to expect. The location of the celebration was very aptly chosen, and after a hot drive, the patrons of this reunion were able to bask in the shade of spreading trees and there take tea and indulge in fruit and more solid refreshments ; or, if they cared so to do, to explore the old church and inspect the ceme tery, reading on worn headstones and tombs in scriptions which recorded tbe demise of many of the pioneers of Presbyterianism in tbis historic locality. A marquee had been erected, and beneath it were placed tables laden with all sorts of deli cacies, (supplied for the roost part by Mr P Beveridge): which were unsparingly partaken of by all and sundry. Tbe following Jadíe* presided over tbe several tables, and ministered io-the wants and comforts of those who sought refresh ment at their bands. No. 1, Mrs J H Johnston and Miss Johnston ; No. 2, the Misses Arndell ; No. 3, Mrs ft Brown and Miss Johnston ; No. 4, Mrs Jas Hall and the Misses Bowd ; No. 5, Mrs Edgar and Miss Owens ; No. 6, Mrs King and Miss King ; No; 7, Mrs M Hall and Mrs Sanders ; No. 8, Mrs John Johnston and Miss Johnston; No, 9, Mrs Albert Arnold and Miss Manton. Amongst those present were :-Rev H Burgess, M A.. (Moderator of the Presbyterian Assembly), Revs Dr Cameron, R. Edgar, C. A. White, J. J. L. Fergusson, J. Tarn, and W. Glasson, and Mr Wood, general agent. Tea having been duly negotiated, an adjourn ment was made to the church grounds, where Rev Mr Glasson operated with his camera and secured a photograph of the Ministerial party. After this a short meeting was held in the church. Rev R Edgar presiding. Mr Edgar said that they should not allow this opportunity to pass without having a few words from the Moderator of the presby terian Assembly and from Mr Wood, their general secretary. The proceedings were opened by the singing ot Hymn 372, after which Mr Edgar called upon Rev fohn Burgess, who said that he felt great pleasure at being present that day, and particu larly to take part in a gathering such as that within the walls of the historic church of Ebenezer. It was the oldest place of worship in the colony, and it was very gratifying and nice to know that it was connected with the Presbyterian body. Their gathering that day had been a particularly pleasant one. It was one of the ad vantages of such a re union that people of all denominations could lose sight, for the time being anyway, of their religious and political and other differences, partaking of the same kinds of cakes, &c.; with exactly the same risks (laughter). Not that thar* dtoajd be au; risk »bout the e&ung; oí th» «ood thingsfroviâeà by the >06d Hawkesbury folk, whose long experience should have made thrm efficient and careful cooks. That day was tho anniversary of the foundation of Australian colonisation-and from it they were looking for, wrtrd to the day when the colonies would be federated as one-though he trusted that 4be form ol unión ultimately adored would be much bet ter and more liberal ih-tn mat proposed a few months ago. Pei lu ps i hv.i tc were soma federalists present who dil. «¡ot ?f>ree with bim. If there WAS one thing more than .mother bi ivhtch Aus trillians should be prou<J. it was that they lived in a country w hich was the freest of any on the face of the globe. In other countries they bad had to fi.;ht to secure the religious, social, and apolitical ! liberty they so freely enjoyed here. In these colonies when a young fellow attained to man hood.-all that he. had to do was to make appli cation for his Right, and be then became entitled tb have a voice in the management of public R fiara. He did not think of tho sacrifices that his forefathers bad had to make in order that he might enjoy such a condition of things. It fell to the lot of the Rev Dr Lang and tbe Portland I lead settjers to do much in this direction in the eirly days. Dr. Lang bad had to fight the ! Governor, and had been enabled to make tbe Governor back down. When they .enjoyed a full meed of liberty they should not sit idly by; they should always recognise-that with their privileges they also had their responsibilities to discharge., both as Christians and citizens. To whatever church a man belonged, let bim work with all his might to spread tbe gospel of truth and righteous ness. Let them remember that whenever any thing was done by the representative of any church-whether be be a Presbyterian, Anglican, Wesleyan, or Roman Catholic-that was a dis grace, it reflected not only upon the individual most concerned, but upon the whole body to which he was attached. It was the duty ol all. to try and purify their church, social, and political life. He expressed very much pleasure indeed in visiting their historic old church, that spot which possessed so many hallowed and sacred associa tions ; and though in the days gone by there were recorded in connection with the district some dark deeds as far as the administration of justice was concerned, they could cot forget that it was the birth-place ot Presbyterianism in Australia. (Applause). Mr W Wood, General Agent, said that the small beginning which had been made a century since on that sacred spot-within those tour walls-had been productive of great results. The beginning of Presbyterianism in Australia had been made there At the present time they bad in N.S W. church property to the value of ¿132. 700, and manse property valued at ¿45.958 ; they had 44.300 church adherents, 180,000 Sunday school children, and 1,850 teachers. Their reven ue last year was ¿45 300, and they bad a capitalised fund of ¿118,722, whilst the gospel was proclaimed through the medium of their church in 80r centres. These facts fully demon strated the earnestness with which their people had labored since the days when the Portland Head settlers first «et to work in their own hum ble way. They were grand old heroes, those earnest men whose ashes lay around them-and it was worth while enquiring whether the people of to day fully'realized the grandness of their inheritance. (Applause). Rev Dr Cameron said the great gathering of that day was pleasing to behold, because it was a distinct manifestation on the part of the people of their kindly feeling towards Rev Mr Edgar and the church. It was gratifying to know that the descendants of those noble old pioneers who-had done so much for Presbyterianism were living to day in harmony. Their thoughts went back, on such an occasion, to the growth of the church in this colony, and nothing but gratitude and admir ation could be felt for the noble and heroic men who came there from Scotland and settled down, and then set about building up a temple to their Father's God. (Applause). Rev R Edgar thanked the people for their kindly treatment of bim during the time he had been amongst them ; he felt proud to be the minister-of that old church. It was the oldest church in Australia-there had been others built before it, but none of them were now standing. That in which they then were was tbe original structure, and he was proud of it, He bad always been well treated by the people of Pitt Town charge-Pitt Town bad gota bad name, but it did not deserve it. He stuck up for Pitt Town, for he bad never had charge of a Sunday-school that had given greater satisfaction than if bad done. He had to offer his heartfelt thanks to those many ladies who had taken so mach trouble in providing re freshments and presiding at the tables. He also thanked the Moderator for his visit. The proceedings were closed by a prayer oflered up by Rev C A White. 