The Catholic Idea of Man. THE MEANING OF LIFE. Man, according to the Catholic idea,' is the crown and perfection of 'all things in the visible creation. He is oreated with a noble purpose and a high destiny, in the image of God and after his own likeness. He ifii endowed with the power of intellect and ('will, setting him above all created things of earth, and making him godlike in his nature. Ho longn to reach the higher and hotter things to which, by an imperative and ever-urgont law, he necessarily aspires. He has cravings of the soul which no created thing is adequate to satisfy. The greater his natural endowments, the higher their cultivation, the broader his knowledge, the more ample and penetrating his intellectual awing and reach, the deeper and more exhausting will be the sense of a purpose unfulfilled, of unsatisfied yearning and baffled hope. Splendid intellectual gifts and exceptional mental training 5 moral refinement, culture and wealth ; social pre eminence and commanding political power ; great civic achievements, the resounding trumpets of war, and the moat coveted prize of fortune— all these but serve to accentuate and render more sensitively acute thoBe wasting longingH and the fruitless reaohing out after an object that will satisfy the, cravings of the soul and satiate the cravings of the heart. The Catholic says man has a high destiny that he can reach, a noble purpose that he can achieve j that he may enjoy here on earth a serene peace and constantly look forward to the surpassing joy of living forever in the smile of God, and ecstasy of His love. That such conviction, however, and confident hope have never been reached, nor can be by the unaided powers of man, the cry of discontent and fruitless en deavour th,at has gone up from the heart of man from the beginning, and the bootless groping in the dark in search of an oraole to answer the questions of the soul, dispel its mists/' and tranquilise its misgivings abundantly prove. God and Selk. Man will be religious.1 It is a necessity and the law of his being, and if he cannot rise to God, he will strive to draw clown Clod to himself. ' Lord, teach me to know myself, teach mo to know Thee,' was the prayer that went up from the soul of the great Bishop of Hippo, and the prayer to whioh he gave utterance has ever been the universal cry of the heart to man — to know one's self, to know God. God and self are the two cardinal objeots of man's knowledge, to which all his intellectual efforts converge, and upon whioh they terminate. Once reason has dawned on him, and the mind opens and expands to the significance and deep meaning of all he sees round about him, to the order and beauty, the variety and splen dour, and the lavish profusion of visible blessings, a knowledge of whioh is borne in atpon him by eye ana ear, and every avenue of sense, he asks himself, and must ask him Belf the quostion : Whenoo all these strange surroundings bearing on them the tokens of a higher intelligence and the evidence of law and order, purpose and design ? And he must nsk himself the still more momentous ?question : Whenoe do I come ? Whither am I going ? Am I, as tlie pantheist says, the mdst perfect manifestation of tho divine essence ? spirit of its spirit, and intellect of its intellect 1 Or, to go to the other ex treme of the scale less flattering to tho prido and vanity of man, am I but matter and sense, with a soul wholly dependent on and the product of the digestive organs and a complex system of nerves with functions centering in tho brain ? Trim Supkrnatukaij Elmmhot. .- The supernatural elemont in man is pre oisely what tho world is losing sight of in its eagor and absorbing pursuits of what grati fies sense and brings to tho natural man an exhilirating, insidious Vnd evanescent enjoy ment j and, without the supernatural, thore can be no adoquate explanation of man's existence hero on earth, no interpre tation of lifo thii.t will satisfy the reason, no object that will give full swing to tho powers of the soul or bring poaco and serene oontontmonb to tho heart. This has boon tho Cabholio view of man from tho beginning and its importance can not bo ovor-oflfciinafcod. It lies at tho very root of roligion, and any error or shadow of error vitiatoa and diatorta the entire oirolo of rolationB of man to his God. Tho ideas of man and God aro co-rolativo and inseparable — they come and go together, and a defective knowlodgo of tho 'one necessarily implies au imporfoob understanding of tho other. Tho power of apprehending and understanding the relations between oauso and efl'oob, of adapting and adjusting moans to an end is, if nob tho very definition of intolllgonoo and free will, at; loasb their adequate description, And iu this man if) like unto God. whoso , presonoe, ohub out from us by the veil of the Viaiblo univorso, in luminoualy rovoalod In ? the lawa by whioh that univerao is govornod, and in the order and beauty 'whioh bring the operation of these laws within the domain of sense, and through sense to the in telligence of man. Such, according to the Catholio idea, is the. nobility, such the dignity and pre- eminence of man. He is set as a king over the created things of earth, yet responsible for the use of them to the God who gave him so loyal a supremacy. ? x Intellect and will and the immortality of the soul are, the Catholio says, the three natural endowments which in man are the image of God. Tina Will of Citkist thk Stokkhw Rule and Guide. Christ, of His own free will and divine condescension, wrought tho redemption of the human race, and ho is, therefore, free to convey1 its fruits to man in any way Ho in His wisdom sees fit. Tho primary and sovereign rule of belief and practice in all things pertaining to the eoonomy of God with man is, the Catholic holds, tho will of Christ and not what seems fitting or best, or moat reasonable to us. The will of Christ, once it is known, must be the supreme rule and guide. Hence relying on the words of Christ and His aposblos, and on the ? living voice and universal and un broken tradition of the Church from tho beginning, the Catholic says that Christ instituted certain specific rights, now called Sacraments, as means and in struments to convey the fruits of the, redemption to the soul; that the initial Sacrament, by whioh the supernatural life is born in man, is baptism, and that this life is nourished, increased, and perfected by the in-dwelling of the Holy Ghost in',the soul, by the generosity of our own hearts and wills, and by_ the graces conveyed through the other six Sacraments and the aids they supply, aocording to the dispositions, the needs, and the conditions of men and of society. Through this supernatural gift man takes on a new nature and beginB a new life. But this life, so preoious and so full of promise, so elevated, ennobling, and re lining, giving so luminous an interpretation of man and his surroundings, and leading on to life eternal, may be enfeebled by neglect, of its privileges and wholly lost by mortal Bin. Sin and sanctifying grace are as opposite as darkness and light. The presenoe of ein is tho extinction of the spiritual life. In the moment that mortal am entered the soul through deliberate con sent of will, the in-dwelliug Spirit of God and sanctifying grace depart, and the soul is spiritually dead. The treasure of great price thus bartered for some bauble of lust or pride, by a merciful and graoious dis pensation of Christ may be restored through an act of perfect love of God or through divinely inspired sorrow and the grace of the Saorament of penanoe. For one guilty of sin committed after baptism, the Sacra ment of penanoe does precisely what baptism does for one yet in original sin, in this sense, that it restores and renews the super natural life in a soul thab is spiritually dead. The Only Intmiipkbtation oh1 Life. . It is clear, then, that the Catholic idea of man is this : That he is instinctively super natural in his capacities and powers, his attitudes and cravings, his aspirations and aims, and that he was so constituted from the beginning ; thab no created objeob can fill the void of his heart or still the cry of his soul ; that he can nob work out his evident destiny or accomplish the purpose of his creation without being grafted into the Spiritual Vine, whioh is Christ, and drawing from it the sap and the sustenance of his spiritual existence. To tho Catholic the supernatural is tho true and only adequate interpretation of man's life 5 to him every thought, word and action has a super natural and momentous significance, the knowlodgo and will of tho agent being the measure of their malice or their merit. To him they have no real value unlesB they are in conformity with the law of God, luminous in his intellect, written in his heart, and artioulato in his conscience, His whole being is onoompasaod by the supernatural and by a aenae of responsibility to his Creator and God. Ho believes that the intelloot, if not taught of God by the living and magisterial voice of tho Ohuroh, the pillar and ground of tho truth, will oease to bo a light and guide- to' tho will, and, being once pervorfcod, will be the cause and source of countlosa orrors of judgment and praotioal life. To him divine truth and a divinely appointed teacher are a first prinoiple, To tho Catholio, the acceptance of God as a divine teacher and a belief in Hia revela tion lie ab tho basis of roligion and are the boginning of all justification. Faith and bho truths it contains an proposed by tho Ohuroh, tho custodian of divine truth and ita living voice and infallible intovprotor, an exact, prooiao, dogmatic faith, a living, active, energetic and practical faith, per; vades his whole being and influences and gives character to his least as well as his most significant actions. And next, as a consequence of faith and the body of truth it contains, come the Commandments of God, or those rules of conduct whioh guide and direct him in justice and truth and in his manifold duties and varied relations to God a.nd man. And then, to follow the logioal order, comes grace; in which every man born into this world lives and moves ; which encompasses him as an atmosphere 5 whioh God gives in amplest moasura to every man who sincerely wishes to be con verted and to live 5 . which is an antecedent condition, to tho supernatural life, its be ginning, its cause, -its sustaining prinoiple, and its perfection, and which unites man to God as a child to his Eternal Father by a bond as intimate as is possible between the Creator and His creature. By this rule, says the Catholic, shall man live ; by this rule shall ho be judged. 