TALE ON 'CHANGE A very important put of A cross examineris knowledge is to know what not to ask. Some of the lawyers at the big inquest now in progress have in cross- examination brought out good evidence for the Crown. One of Coroner Candler's stories relates to the late Mr. Frank Stephen, who was at one time in great request for the defence in criminal cases, and whose cross-examina tions were most minute aud exhaustive. Suddenly his method changed, and at one important inquest, iu winch he appeared ior the accused, he did not ask a angle question. Privately the coroner questioned him as to the reason of his unusual silence. "1 consider it a great mistake to show my hand at the inquest. It is better to re serve oneself for the trial," was the reply. '"Oh. what a lot oi time would have beat saved." said the coroner, "if you had come to that conclusion a dozen years ago.** Another inquest story, this time relating to the late Dr. YeuL At an inquest held at Yarraville a juror complained of the very unpleasant odour in the room. "What can you expect," said the coroner grimly, "when there is a corpse is the next room." "1 beg your pardon, sir," said a juror who was present in working clothes, "bat I think it's me that these gentiemee sandl. I work in a bone mill." "Oh. this is not to be endured," said the coroner; "we mast get another juryman." He eoeid not put up with such an unprofessional odour. It is cften very difficult to get an.ordin ary witness to distinguish between the first and the third person in giving evidence. But experienced witnesses should be ex ported to know better. The patience oi the hue Chief Justice Hipnhoiham was once sorely tried by a detective who gave evidence thus:—"When I arrested the pri soner he said he would knock my head off." "The bis exact words- please.'" "Yes. your flosoar. He said he weald knock my head off." "Those are not his words. You are peaking in the thhd per son." "Oh. ho. your Honour, there was no third person present, only the prisoner ; and rue." AS «rr ideas e: size arsa imports.nee are ' veto:: re. A Iktle boy who* father end, several cTjdes are all large men recently ssvr for the first time the one who was talkr thaa aS the rest. His mot ha- bed bses endecvocrinr to irstil in trim seme ■ rciioc «[ the Drisr. He ran to her, «£-' ctiimnc. "Mother, is God Utgn than I Uncle Tons?" "'Oh. yes. ray dear," was j the rerdy- "Toea. ear word. I had fctiter < be s gvx»d Ivy. was his swe-riraik eca®- j trsest. A ersas«?k«r csf of the cswrrfry txevngfes was rctnrciag haene arta- a meet rag case evening, sss jalhd cpii i wayside; hcia; as be m leaded. s-'of^Kag; £or a, siacze cssIt he cM shw tether his kese.. Bet the minutes fcSewvc esdk c-dser for, two h-rrs. tn-i tter- ocr erring cam saa-' desly bersrsf er^sscscns thst his brsse was ] ismw off. He rashed ed. and at the gathering jpaaes dadfy dlsresned a hooded i boggy goasg si-owrr h the cineska of home.; He gave chase, aad after a onp rem of; a qrme of a s»3e be casght the horse byj the'ness xad tirrsr it back or. its haond«E.| S->mec,ae in the vehicle sasae a feastr ex- ^ iinsuhe of sspriss. md then otr ispd-' st* here frond tiat he had na&takn; the' boggy, eri bad res a porta: of a nA in1 order to let a very snafist-hfei zriberive: know the: he was spending his time at a, "pah " His ezs horse, he soiscqosKiyj frarrv-- had net stirred. I A Fraatasea was asat waae nhtht he1 Iris iascc cserie trwi a tnqh of vhstars the? <vd gu&z; jeprtc. and by way at vmsaiiooi he aamsrked that the s^cet lev rikmitn, at their last ne^agnsa very heavy an,, tad the eeeaacssy bad to be poapoeed in eaeseqaeaee of the tetsl ocfepae of the IMi. The Maa saaal a langb an oiii>V biT i>i p rant in 1i'»i Tii nun ai ii 1in*n iiTj «%ni ok when an «M tedy. who had at< sSob£y tloogk the zestd, 11 ■! 111 nT, 1; kea ziaefhirg abast yer bat, Lvd sake&, there mast be an awra* emade' wrnr is Hey there Ibsoes." In seme «£ lie Anethera dssstim a£ JSear: Seeih Wsie settles wtc> Isane pat in a rregi of anises masse fetj Sat rasa an Jtesssey, wh3e those oho depend epem wheat akne, sad have s m the eSmfc, otterfly hig her ebc weather. A Iuwl kr pacing thamogfc lately rw.imiimnf an thi ia£y at the hoteei. These an cpSendhl twane jw're kriag," he arid. "I aqfuac tbryU ia a gresi dal cc good." "th, yes, hsa be thnwkcd ihy wiB," she arid fgwti%, IhyS brisg cm bc yassg mine lariiffd, ad theyTJ qad every Aof «' Kotat'c wiwK." The Mayor «i Mdnow gave « thori parly at the fimnsfs Inst red; s amtmca the .gaests wan n Mrnwaer cf £ Qtavs whose has often been nab tss peeaSax. I awM Sbe te wwliro £ tunne, hat «ae caainafc he too fhafrt ' tin •» tfcinp Doiia» the jEmt. gnat of £ inifiawiaati. these was aa» daaoer c€ as «ne is thenndaaaoe nriasngayMat «f £ drilofwr, See St was CRghaaaed nnd pox tnated by afcgandiiaihglia^i AS j ifce internal there was * bedBnc that can jthinghad gtaemva«. Tbelaa^h had il j«Wawd, and «mpoae i had baeeaae off it. SKnagr tkoi tkay vnbei to the pofk etist, when mddailf ta ihaee nsa'aal caane a famt, ht-ongr « j People Xoribsi at each other and anl [bnfiy, far tbey nilitil "that the h«^t ■efwnMwittewMn JatStpac I the one laugh of tlie evening as to the cause of which they were really curious. The storekeeper had called for orders, ;M*d the fanner admitted that he wanted ja hat, but didn't know the fire. "W hat jdo you take yourself:'' he ashed. "A 'fits tae," was the reply. "Well, Im a ilugger man than you," said the simple agri 'culturist. "Send rue along a ?—10—11." | The traveller rode up to the country inn, ; threw the reins to an urchin, and said, ("Here, boy, hold'my horse." It seemed > an unnecessary precaution, for the poor : wreck was only too glad of the rest. In fact, he went to sleep and fell down in the i gutter, "W hat ha' you done to liim?" said | the owner, as he ran out to help his jJiosinante on to his feet. ".Nniliiiik, said ! the custodian, "he just fell down." "That's ; a lie," was the indignant retort; "you ve t>een ieantiT agaiust hint." One cannot help overhearing conversa tions in trains when people talk loudly ? and forget that the partition only goes half | Way to the roof. A rough is quite useless 1 » a -warning, because in many eases the | conversationalists do not realise that they j are saying anything absurd. Two ladies in | the nest compartment were recently dis | cussing spiritualism. and agreed that Mrs. | Softsenp was genuine because site had t i gun as a washerwomen, and now drove her | carnage, which, after all, is fairly good j proof that the lady has genius cf a kind. "I went te her," said one of the talkers, "and said I wanted to speak to fathers spirit, and when she told me it was there I said, "That you, fetter an' e sa "les.", Then I sea, T 'spoee you know Jane's moved/ and e sen "Yes: I'm glad to know ! she's weH an* 'appy.' Then I ser. 'Of ! 1 course, yesa know where site's moved roT j | and e sex reproachful, "Do you doubt j imeT an' I said, "Oh, no, o' course not'— j she's wonderful is Mrs. rkftsoap."' Not j | so very wonderful, ihoogh if her clients j j only ring up their deceased rehitives in j Paradise—or «hati« they happen to be- j | in order to ask if they knew ;haf Jane's j | moved. The soieaui ceretsecy seems so ! ' stnpendmssijr Oct of proportion to the value of the informatics given sod rvcesred. j i though one cannot help aim-ring. too. the • | casooos ghost's Boe-eoratmttai otrisude as r to Jane's present address. I TTOOMERA. 