THE SPARE BEDROOM. Rooms that are uninhabited for any length of lime become kind of ghostly, and the stranger entering them ieels lonely, partic-alarly in the spare bedroom where he or she is left entirely alone for the night. The walls are damp and cold, evell iu midsummer, the bed-clothing is damp and chilly, yes, even musty—spiders have spun their webs in the comers, and there is no place under tihe sun more cheerless, uninviting, lonely, and even dangerous to the guest than this very same spare bedroom, dangerous because one is liable to contract a hc-avy cold, which might culminate in pneumonia, because of sleeping in a damp i-oom between damp sheets and uiidev damp covei*. Any jocm kept closely shut up must of necessity become cliiliy and damp, and the ]<••o.-jjett of sl^c-f-.in^r in such a io-wu vo'iid c-li ill ike heart and soul oi the most btioyijit. A room that has for a long time remalnetiumuhaintcd becomes kind of uncanny, and givas one the feeling that it is a place whe-ze ghosts walk, and s;nc-e most people are afraid of gliosis it is not very pleasant to be piaced in a room where, perchance, they have had full swing for a length o£ time, ajid therefore repel your inti-u-don. At least the hostess might open the blmds. throw open the wmiloii», alia let the iiesli air and sunlight into the room for a few days before the guests arrive in summer time, and see tjiat the bed-covering is thoroughly aired and dried. And in wintertime the room should be thoroughly aired, tire kept going in the rooui fur at least a days before the arrival of guests,, thus all dampness from the walls and This ivill give to the room an appearance of habitation, which is refreshing the guest. Is it not a mistaken idea to have any in the house that is too nice for us to Rather let us turn every room in the into immediate and continuous use, if a guest; arrives we can easily double a little, and still be comfortable, and put guest into a bright checry room, braying ou every hand signs of recent habitation, and being cheery and bright because this. All needful toilet articles should be placed t;he room. A generous supply o£ lap, and towels, and in the winter-time of covering to keep vrarip, and then the guest does not sleep peacefully and it is, at least, not the fa-ait of the hos- 