PILFERING AT THE WHARVES. A BREEZE AT THE II HARBOUR TRUST UOMMifeSJONHR MT. YOU ARE RETIRES St the meeting of the Melbourne is n both Trust }i»lfcula} fifth. moon, ( tennis shorts John Illsley in the dim, tin deposits of the liaibouunitstti ((union C Sun Moon) and the tin is engaged (oh I Birthday), dealing with the pilfering on the wharves, ison presented Hit has. been mantel could not recommend any alterations to aid s of the over sea sheds "in the shape of farming His open pot lions, business it was absolutely necessary that the portion of the wharf adjoining tub the ml shed should be left open for the resilient and delivery of outside cargo If for Uni protection to the turn classes of i tests were necessary lit considered that it might be placed in tin closed sheds and that Servia) yielding to the legs hands strictly tailored Hit engineer reported that to turn out the suggestions to cm lose the sheds with in non feint tennis! lost Ll,000 If Hit walk sine die in the mining suggested by tin it cent disputation it would cost 12 1839 The trust had spent considerably over HO 20 m Hit last 10 stus on tin sheds on the Yarra and Antill in both, and it further sheds west legislated The mom in mind that they should be erected on Nns 11 all 12 he His Antill Dod I ( ( amii-.sionci M I am n did not think that the matter should be allowed to it mind when it was held reports were both negatived, and the dull boom music, did not good enough, w Ink till engineer went to his HIL machine had no concern with the amount that the trust had to inn k in the past and on the ground I use ii of ninth it was reLating interest The loan list was that inclining did go on and he did not Until that a soul should be left untilled to less. Hit pd hie In another tip and he had dealt with such lists It existed, and would exist until further point protectionists [provided He therefore moved that a sub committee he appointed to the this theatre. into a consideration and see what the be done to meet the met limits wishes' apply list ) ( commissioner for., M L A , splendid tin in lion Co remissions Mountain earmarked that he had been losses of goods hut in fin is a and in the salted is but the bill it had ulm place is goods out but it must find Is then it was the importers of it It it is miller was missing lit opposed HIL a lion ( mu is long Saddle or is it that Unit says nothing like Mills line protection 1 , main Ki is a Un halves and that in HILL living gale along them, lit uni! as an i li inn saw a policeman (.oiiiiinssionii Lush strongly supported the in it on he wished to sit in ghost that had been li uniting the labour is list for mass s 11. s laid once and for all (Ik II In a ) ( iiiiiiiissiouu Al Pic hal li as the most of the motion, replied to the objections raised by Commissioner Mountain No allied invitation had been so troublesome to the list except the perpetual and frequent demands of its employes for insisted on us lit could supplement his fourth motor Is aiming Coiiiiiissiiintis Mown tun Nuong, (open, bush and Hit than men In June the subcommittee Ila I had clause will not go on the COIIUlllttll G liiinissiont. you -I hope Al. Client line the in you and in the Premier (emphatically) I will not liiiiiniissiimu ex-A evil done got light about it (I alighted ) I inn i sent 1 KL. moulin begin to address Hit (winning mile (line issue an All nhill n and must me to a man of quite The thin man (hanged dont care of oil! your point of ours You jumped the 11 sid in ( session i Al I acted n (still stand up) -As a don't know all to no) point in aid le lil (lit II, them He (li nunan-Coumnssiouii lies now in li IS Hit di III ( I can say At Bill will allow (1 June 11 tune but much to speak well of their li mile long was found candidly to in if nisi no time to t to up! as more of the on fire I replied and having it with a mint me to say that in no Sill lit. He is an animal don't hut whither I mu light in an ng ( plain sum Slliithiiiu-I'liulnn and while I am in in that slim, you must wish to 1 in will he tim len. in light in saying He (himself wished to say that ( um he said- St 1 nell he had not given time li mi in to pull mill is (listed to her MIHI man in either silk lit tunnel the night to spell ( plain unit i Al Lie h and best me his ml child it ion to your spilling but I am in as lit as most of (a motion to be 1 In finding that a real mc. man that little if head He ( h am in (ung allows and I shall Fri dull the sum man man Al I h I n t innis) - Bill in van der 111 (earliness! mi SSlnti this suggested that there nue pi leniently than motions mili- n i i nth [H second night In liberal ( impressions liigiiiiiwim full time! the Hill no loiiiuiissiunu ii old punt third (annual Junior Al I ii him It was right in his much n He had not ninth to it but his i p o p in to prove that thin SA is and Nu hall t stand At Pc train, after visiting" til he was much lii-iiioiuui s annual s for if I minuteness that the ducks, for him 11 i it not kit Hit front ( munns e and w p LI almost immediately followed him in nut is in him to attend but him I is In his mail letters to note n in on. his receipt and pushing! the main line I have to Bill son of' his motions and I am I so ( omissions) toss put it (until, I tin h ml loom alum ( inn since Min,,,, and to a point of Miss I ah (I said that when the annual (t r m t II find uphill it had to be put to the a, tin, forthwith (lit it Then He ( Bill in so that they had to go I and rail 17 U so happened that only in iii in the telegram had been so iii ii mu ii maintains in her linen springs upon him ? includes It w i, only ne.! t that the public in ii I n m Thus in two sides to it and the vital die lfolutioiiB had jumped a train n I run su i n Zox- is to Ciiiiunissioni! Mr v-inint man in - Meth- me again -Oh, I'm going to put in to the future s and Pitt -{ mi you put it in his III n lin winter is out of the most Hi I is no man A os I am iss mu push pointed out that the "idea 1 tin do but as yet been arrived at after a shut discussion ( commission i v um so firm and to Hint three, and the "s t o ins , mud in nine men While line mond us an inch In nt line tin mining should be post- ill in a fire might II Finn smMU Silk, Us -Am I to think! still that liinmiissiiinu Al Euthulla li li li is still a nut "f "Hin ' Iii I intend II like his motion last I narcissus say. that never had such A at a a a in his hut 11, trusted that an intimate s estimation sense would kill her He it The original mot um wits in old. its inn SS had objected to the Christian Living petitions in tomlins "(In Al I union s mutton Hit 1 but I III III observed that he had not alluded to In taken on Hu Hunk but as He that a is in a figure tongue he would I ( impassioned XII in Lunn H million '"seat All the policemen in Hit nts could 'slip the polling Ulto and list dull Millers "f ,"U1 ," train sheds and Hits "(j Hi unis wins each tin pillaging inn in ship discussion dining in his li samples in us of the trust but in this and a He must him t admissions XX bile "unit is alighting to G'liin.nissioitu " Kind n s motion being taken First Hit "mills it was line to Hay cutting and 'fast and the motion utilized until X ¡"N mi then ensued as to the motion of fun b shown and the chairman again asked for a show of hands when the motion was sent by six suits In He st stn el no case arises in, Remaining June voting On I am mill was putting the second niQUoii south Unit tin of im spill pint of tin in it took him, in the closed lands whom "I. thus win taken in, presumably to Winds hot as they ever think (I made) a hot sun that the method of pilfering would iMoruid the line bom hunt minis nil In a side ateoinuiodation but landing mails and has Unit Hm ,|0ni its duty ended inc'i""'"''"""'0' Pitt mused as he intend that the matter should be referred to the 1 plain rolls committee ' iiiiiiiiussioiiti magnesium seconded the "m n is mine transmissions for delineated such a slip Smith would make the pints tin Intigbitig J, 'A' "". '"intimately, must bear ufliLtion 21 the, (Indian Hut Inn mmi D, I don t mind that I'liiiinissinitu Ax (disputants ) - Cpux is and "my home, I "most don't take a hint last do (I "rightly ), so far Hi i nullum sins made of tin a "continent, and was ignited by taut "'imm and the, motion was put to the 'wing and in i ml In the list was adjourned. 