OE ROUGEMONT S'aaoy'B FUghts and Favenc's Follies— Pell and Puff and Pots of Paste— Beer and Bosh and Beery Bummers— Social Sots and Scribbler's Sins—Naked Nlg's and Naughty Nonsense— SkitUs of Swappers Sold lu '.Sydney-Barwon Bus hies' Bashed to Blazes Wnllom Wnalor's Wondrous ?Wappers.' Beoke and Boyd and British Bunkum Clarke and Chains and Conviots' Callcs Beiuteous BrJtalD'sBowlsofBlood— Deathly Deeds and Dreary Dun geons— Garbut's Ghouls and Gregory's Gambles— Hume and Home and HellB of Hatred— Pimps and Pap's & Perished Plungers. Christiana Cursed on Cooper's Croek Thlre and Torture's Thrilling Throes 'Water, Water! I want Water'— SkulWng Scribes and Starving StocWes— Deeds and Deaths In Damning Deserts -Bumps for Bashing Billy's Bones -Living Lags and Leichardt s Lynchers. 1 Diddlers Damned and Dutohmen Dished— ?y Pampered »o's and PiJgrim Pumpers Otoudlaiui Chumps and 'ClinohiDg' CIlnkei-s-Holy Hell and Homes of Heroes— Nick and Naughty * Nigger ' Nipper'— Chuckle Chaps and Charms of Cherubs — Holy Haunts In Heaven ?Poslle Paul a Petty PimPer-Favenc's \ Fudges Flopped. j [Wbitten fob ' Troth.' J (By ?? Civis.') NO. 1L AustbaiiakS and penny liars ought first to be tied to dates or localities (or stakes) ere tlisy »s»k to tie another. The whole of this Boiry business concerning the whereabouts of DeS and his alleged mendacities in jears agone hu been punctuated with periods of indefiniteneBs. He owned a brig about the year 78; he came first to Sydney about 81 ; vaa in Nelson, ILL., about a you ago; was in Oooktown about '78; was in Adelaide about '95; was iu Melbourne about '93, are samples o£ same iLdefinitonoSf, and a trifle 'further on may be noticed just a few oited instances of how the fabnlous historian chronicles bis dates of bygone events. 13; way of tabbing it in, the above-quoted scribe ? ooooludes: 'The Australians did Dot come out of it too well,' which is yet another way ?of tmrmiug their own ignorance. i'aveno affirmed that 'Do E was by no means the fleet in the Australian field with wondrous tales of the interior of the con tinent, though his contribution to fabulous Australian history was somewhat more goi geous and highlv-colored than those of his .predecessors.' Had laveuo Btopped at this point this present scribe would hare laid down ?bis quill and looked pleasant, and would have thanked fiatan for his generosity -a sparing him iSK» 'the toils of authorities. But jf-^EraeiVb contribution in respsst to the modern sensatioa, and the contradictory nature of hie assertions concerning those whom 'he baa been pleased to place on the came pedestal with AeRongemont, confirm the belief that he is just as prime a fabulist; if not more accomplished, man are his predeoassore. That De B» encountered Gibson; tbjat he spent two years on a desert \- island ; that he spent thirty years with the blacks on the mainland, or that he ever pro posed the toast of the lydieB at a oannibal , feast or a whale worry, this present scribe has never maintained. That, with occasional omissions, he has accurately portrayed the customs of the aborigines ; that the incidents related by him are chronicled in the historic records cf Australia, or that De B. has had considerable experience among the aborigines, and on sea, : has sever been, and cannot be, authentically refuted. That Fa vane has been guilty of tinkering with historio records ; that he has irregularly deduced certain conclusions in 'r' order to oonfirm his own view, and that he has, whether intentionally or otherwise, over looked the fact that to ench of those whom he designates as 'Romancers' is due some important discoveries in Australia, will be corroboratively affirmed, 'The first of these ' Bomst#-ra, ' says fmao, 'was a convict oiled Clarke, who was alto. known ia 'The Barber.' His story is interesting, as it first introduces tbe came of the Namoi Barer, and also led to the first expedition of Sir Thomas Mitchell. Clarke lad evidently been a ehort distance beyond the connnes of settlements, and as he had ran ' eway&om; his employer and taken to the bnsb, he evidently brought back hit wondrous tale in ordtr to save hii own back.' T«s, evidently Faveno's a fabulist, and evidently he's got the bull hindmost, and evidently he'll be gored if he evidently don't go bell for leather into the forest of igno rance. Marvellous, truly marvellous, how men do climb Fame's pinnacles [ Oiarke, be it known, wis a romancer, a conviot anxious to evade the emissaries. of Lagdom, avoiding the man whose slave he was, and dodging the , oorolUry of British tyranny—the bleeder,. the, lash; yet sufficient relitnoe was placed upon his assertion) to induce reaponsibles to- und thither Mitchell and a party . of .»«pler«ril ,'.- last think of it{ imagine, U jqn dare, a oon Tao^aman who's been chain-ganged, degraded, .,. itripped of freedom's privileges, even denied the ownership of his own body—.* romancer. * If one, only one, single drop of romance-blood . . ' 'eddied through Clarke's artries, he was lion hearted. By God, Faveno, were your heart pierced with the calks of Lagdom, were you ' caitUn Woe's wilderness, ware yont snklei : galled with ooaviot chaise, romance wouldn't ?weigh heavily on youJ This taie he brought _. in to save his back — did he ? 'v And your .???,. authority for this piece of history? 'When you ^iveiKnre it, quote him in oxteneo, please! :' ?'George Olarkt, far suoh was his ohrutian ;: . name, was not one -whit better ciroumstancei j ;i than weie hundreds of men whose bodies, but BOl -whose souli, were the chattels of 'beauti ful Britain.' Te Gods, whataeaiirel To ? ; belter appreciate the infamous lairs of 11 Xagdom, jast reflect that a mas was par '?. dosed. My, to-day, for an offenoe, were -'.i ' be agit'eable to become the pablio hangman i-:-. on the morrow, and to better understand the \ jconlUtien of men similarly crroamttanoed to *. '?'?{ Clarke and to note the manner in which they ? '?''/'yitie provisioned, just open your private ear ? ? to the wordB of an authority. U*' ' 'For among the convicU tbere were muy j^Sfho knew not how to husband their provi frL'iions- through the ssven days they were y intended to terra , them, bat were known to : '?'. h»ve oonsnmed the whole st the end of the V-- third or foorth day.1 '??£? Oonld human endurance tolerate such 1 damnable . ekih-fiintness ? Here were men, '.'?. working u hard, it not harder, than tbe present day axeman on tie Bogan, asked te ?. iubslit 1« ? week on provisions whioh they could eat in three days. What becomes of tbs boasted Britishism — Britains never shall be slaves! As it the foregoing were not enough, the same author continues that the obvious con sequence of this wont of economy wa} that he who had thVea days to live, and nothing to liveou. must steal from those who had bean moro provident. More provident i« good — very (food. Then, to 'te provident is to live upon f or eereu'daye that quota of provisions which a man could, without gourmandieing, eat in three, Tbdtii's readers will please paste this piece o£ philosophy each in his very own bat for future guidance, and, under not ereu the most desperate pangs of huDger must it be disregarded. T.i crown all, this self-same author assures tbe world that bad the Urilish Government sent out superinten dents capable of em'orciog internal economy aa vrell as bsiofr adapts iu the iray of portion - i*g out clothes, lbs whole 6Ceoe wonlddoubt le.s have been changed, Talk of Paraguay, and dreams of Communism! Why they're mere bagatellrs to this great British policy of internal economy* 'Twas shown above that conticlB had to steal the vetr means of sub tis'euce, or elurvs, under oarly British rue, 'nea'.h the yoke of Lagdom. And now let it not for a moment be forgotten that at this pericd of time a mere youth — a lad of six teen yes re of age — Kit pulicly hanged for ettmliujr five ehiUiug's worth of provi-ione, tor not ooufarmiog to this glorious tetisUot' inlerua) economy. This word picture ia drawn beford the reader to indie ite the ceverity of the accursed system under which Georga Clarke nnd those of like-'.eudencies wero oompolled to labor at the tirao of vrhicn Kavano has wrilteu. To mention tho cise of the uiifortui-.au who was lashed through the etreels of old Sidney, or to cite tho cire ol' till man who cho;e iho gallows rather th.in Norfolk Island iuferno, would be toJious, and is better left unsaid. To proceed with Favenc's ? narrative.' ?His (Clarke's) tale dates back to I&50, and runs as fellows ; From the. natives, be taid, he bad loaf; heard «f a big river in the interior, which they called the Kindur, and of which thoy told many and strange rumors. Impressed with these and tho hope of escape, he run away from where he was employed on Lira-pool Hfliss am) made a break for free dom. Firit he came to a river, which the nalivee called the Gnamoi or Nammoy. This he crossed and then struck tbe mysterious Kindur. He found it broad and navigable, spreading into, occasional lakes, and running through level oauntry. Up to this point bis yarn is credible enough, at he could have possibly got on to the Batwon; but from this slase he began to erribroider.' How strange. And his yarn was credible eaougli — was it ? Ai«o, IViTefle, what is Homnnce? Yoor definition, please ! 'Any how,' concludes the romantic marvel, 'the romance was considered sufficiently reliable to send out Major Mitchell on bis urst ex pedition, when he made tome important dis coveries of the Barwon tributaries That's enough. 'In 1858, Garbttt, a oonvior, evidsntly anxious for a chance cf freedom, made a statement that tbere existed in the interior a settlement of eacaped con victs ; tbat Lcion hardt and bis party bad fallen into their hands and were detained, the conriola being afraid of their whereabouts Doing known. This story did not receive any credence, but it indirectly led to A. 0. Gregory starting on the trip in which be followed the Barcoo down to South Australia in search o£ the lost party, and found, on the Barcoo, stumps of trees cut down with an axe, and a possible L marked on a tree,' Ab, Garbnt was a oonvict, also a romancer, a fabulist, no credence was given his story, yet it led to some important discoveries by A. C. Giegory. Favene, you're alright! Next to following Wriggler Jieid through the tortuosities of a Christmas pantomime, you're tho loveliest — well, it doesn't matter just now, anyway. The reader will further note that this couvict; romancer was evidently anxious for a ohance of freedom, which will appear an astonishing circumstance, when the proa and cons have been weighed in the balance of Justice. That he should have been eo vichus as not to have conformed to the unmixed blessing of internal economy— is strange — wondrous strange; 'tis pitiful, wondrous pitiful, in the words of the tragedian. 'Tis not chronioled tbat Chere were any ' Eum ' rewards, or other species of bait oneioi for the safe delivery of the romancers' bodies to the possession of the nearest convict magistrate, so it may be SBaumod (with apologies) they didn't get even a decent spree for their trouble. Be this as it may, the appended Favencal chestnut ia relahable — with a grain of salt, and, may be, an additional drop of Jal&d; oil, just to soothe the glands: — ' Leichhardt and his party now became the favorite theme of the romancers, the best known of whom was one, Andrew Hume. About 1872 (the 'about' curse still reigns!) Hume was serving a sentence for horse stealing, when he told the authorities that daring a roving trip far to the north-west, he had found an old whice man living with the natives, who turned out to be Classen, second a command cf Leichhar&t;'s ptrtf,' Ctesar's ghost! Andrew Hume a romanoer? Abo, John Norton's a boiom friend of Cooky Carruthere'. But 'about 1872 ' is just lovely — tMf perfection of sweetness in chronological meats. 'Tis desd-level witb the froth and clobber of the mutual aid chump, who affirmed that Se Kougemont should lave been tied down tb dates and localities. How the old- Latin adage, 'Judge nott lest ye thall also be judged,' doeB strike home! Be it knows to Teoth's readers that Andrew Hame was born ia Scotland in '55, with his parents oame to Australia while yet an infant (exact age not Bscectainable), and in '51, while yet in hie teens, went to the Turon diggings. Success did not attend his efforts, and he re turned, after having engsged in a series of employments, in '61, to find his father en gaged in the capacity of a storekeeper in Mait land. With an explorer's bent he started out and subsequently averred that be encountered to the north- west a white man amongst a tribe of aborigines who ventured that he was the sole . survivor of Laichhardf s lost Ul-faUd expedition. In tnie affirmation there is a feasible ring which is borne out by succeeding events. from this expedition lie returned in '65, And was apprehended for stealing the hone then in his possession. The justice of arresting Hume and charging him with a criminal offence, w»a commented upon at the time of which the writer speaki, though any thing was possible in the way of inflicting penalties, upon the auumption ot guilt, nnder the infamous laws of lagdom — the last degrading remnant of barbarism, the connect ing link twixt cannibalism and civilization. However, Hume was arraigned before Judge Carey at Wellington, on the charge of steal ing and was eventually sentenced to a term of ten years' imprisonment. The historic records dieclone the fact that .he taid nothing of his travels for five year* after the date on whioh he was sentenced, whereon be was released and sent with O'Hea and Thompson to the plage where he alleged to have teen the white nun amongst the aborigines, or to proceed in that direction, , sad to obtain certain buried papers alleged to belong to Leich bardt the explorer. They started from Dynover Downs and left the Wilson for Cooper's Greek late on November 28, '74. So far as can be gleaned from authoritative -reonds of his brief — his all, loo brief explora tions, Hume was nofvery attentive to details in his overland journeyt and the exaot datet of his departure from named points, in most oates were not well authenticated. Failing todieoovec water on the fourth day out from the point of departure, Hume and O'Hea perished with thint, tns -Thompson retraoed h:s way, fatigued and famished, back to Dryoan's station. Later, a eearch party was organised, Hume's lifeless body Was found, and shortly aftorwards, the corpse of O'Hea. ? Beflect for a moment, if you will, upon the death of a relative in your oven household and measure the counties images and inci dents ot bygone days wh:cb. such a death calls into existence. Then, from the e haunts of reflection, just strive to pic are a poor wretch dying, gasping, struggling iu the iron-like grip of drought fiend?. Of the-o latter is the man whose memory this Guinea romancer dared disparage, of whom he's written his obscure 'maudles' in the pages oE the 'Penny Liar.' According to Favene, a romancer is a man who, in proseoution of a noble purpose, endured the appalling agonies of thirst and perished, died without human hand to tend him in the mlitudos of Aus. trslla. Witb all the reverence, with all the pasiion of expression of which he is capable, and with the cid of all the compasiioa of his frame, the writer aflirins toat ?£ there is one right more appalling than -auother is this world; if more than another there is a eight which is calculated to still every at tribute of sellishne s ia man's nature: if there is one thing more than another which would iouujnce a man to extend the arm of compassion to his comrade; if there is one lime more than another iu man's lift) wjien be is induced to Wy the dread memories of a mi'Bpent past, that lime is, and all the above influences are asserted, when that ma i is coutpellad to nilcess, a id cannot aid, his fellow writhini: in thirst's last dreadful agonies, with bis lips parched, his lougue swollen and his mind uniiinged, gasping in ?carcely audible breaths the worus — - Water,' waier, I want water!' II u!ni',m»y tbe earth lie lightly upon then ! (sit tibi terra levis !) Eu-concad nigh his coal Ore, plush-slippered and his etomach full, the aavant or the town tramp knows not the privations being endured by men o-ea to-day in tbe interior of the continent. Noble is tho cause '.bey are enduring to promote; G'd assist them in its comsumuiaiion. In the metropolis' areas of Australia the bushman's voice it often unheard in his travails, nnd, if heard by a few, always unheeded. Plod on he must, till, hedged'in a few years time by closer Battlement, he will have been for gotten by those who then will owe to him a debt for his yeoman eervice, and who will refuse, as others have done, to pay oven the respect that is due to his ashes. 'Way buck, where scarce thirteen inob.es is the average rainfall for the Tear, privations from thirst are of daily occurrence, yet.they are read in large cities without eren a throb of compasiieo. The plough horse on ihe out back aeltctien gets one drink of water in a work-day of sixteen hours, and then, in many caies, is driven a dis'.nnce of 12 miles (to and fro) to get it. Haci near Mouut Hope, Hillston, Boaligal and such- places, tanks are being sunk to provide against tbe contingency, but from theje, animals and human beings drink until the water becimes thick as liquid gum and positively dangerous to human health. Out on the Diamantina, in Queens. land, tank-sinkers have done much to lessen these evils, though 'twill ba many years 'ere a lufficienoy of water for slock and domeetio purposes can be conserved. In hia out-back rambles the writer encountered three men. one of whom is now iu Sydney, almost famished from thirst, and saw another, etark-naked, dead, who had perished 'ncath the bell flamed heat in the Never Never. Should he lire to be borne down with the weight of age, to be wreathed with the enovr of years, those dreadful sights will not be effaced from his mind. Than that written by Sturt, a more graphic description of such eights as these has never been indited, From hit expedition to the Central DeBert is gleaned thit eketoh. 'The tubss of th« tberaometer burst, the bullocks pawed the gronnd to get a cooler footing, the men's shoes were scorched as if by fire ; their finger nails were brittle at glass; the lead dropped from the pencil and the ink dried on his pen as he wro.e his daily journal; the drays almost fell to pieces, the screws loosened in the boiea ; the horn-handles of the instruments and their combs split, and the vrool on the sheep and their own hair ceased to grow.' Those of Tbuth's readers who have seen a horse, or any animal dying from hunger in the drought- stricken area of Australia and who have aho noted the way ia whioh he entrenched a temiKsircIe vith his hoofs, can measure in a small degree, the grueBome spectacle of a man writhing in the last life* throes of thirst Heaven forefend tbat he should see such another gruesome spectacle 1 (to le continued.) 