Leah's Engagement CHAPTER III. She was near the point where the road made a sharp descent into a little hollow, when the footfalls of the horse Buddenly ceased. The hollow was hid den from her where she stood, but when she had moved on a few steps, which she did after a momentary pause, she saw Anthony 'standing beside his horse, examining one of its hoofs, into which a stone had evidently found its way. He had not heard lier steps, and she moved slowly down the slope of the road towards him. She was only a few paces from him when he let the hoof fall and straightened himself, putting his knife in his pocket. A great lime spread its branches over the road, but the light fell freely thrcugh on Clare, as he looked up and saw her. The change' that time had wrought In her glowing beauty was visible to him in that first glance. But, changed as she was, he knew her instantly, though he stood 6taring at her as if it Was a ghost that had suddenly ap peared before him instead of a living woman. She held out her hand, smiling. With'ari effort he recovered himself. ' Not altogether surprised,' he said, as be shook hands. ' Mrs. Hunstanton told my step-mother that you and Sir George were here! How is 8ir George ? I was sorry to hear of his illness.' India did not suit him. He ought to have left it three years ago. India is a horrible place. I hated it !' ' You are thinking of settling in Devonshire, I heard,' he said, letting her words about India pass unan swered. * You will be glad to be near the dean.' ' Yes, he is anxious for us to get a place in bis neighbourhood, but nothing is settled. We must winter abroad. We shall not take a house till the spring. I have just seen Mrs. Vydall in the village and—Miss Chilcot. She paused a second before mentioning Leah's name and Bmiled* ' May I say I think her charming f He bowed, but rather coldly. ' You are very kind,' he said in a formal voice. 'She has been Dolly's governess, hasn't she J I am sure she is very clever. A Prime Minister should have a clever wife. You are sure to be Pritre Minuter someday, I hear from Mrs. Hunstanton.' ' Mrs. Hunstanton should be careful how she prophesies,' he returned, with a guarded smile. ' I am as likely to be Archbishop of Canterbury as Prime MiniVer." ' Oh, you are too modest. Your friends foresee a great future for you ; I, for one, do not mean to be satisfied till jou-are at Dowing Street I may count myself among your friends, may I not V For the first time, her voice trembled a little as she spoke to him. Till then they had both been talking as the merest acquaintances might have Talked, and, except for a certain rigidity in Anthony's expression, and the white ness of Clare's lips, their faces bad shown no more .emotion than the tones in which th<-y spoke. But now, as Anthony heard her voice tr^mbl.e. hiB face changed, the rigid lines softened a little, his dark { rye ■ lost their coldness; but he spoke verj formally. * I am-honored by Lady Armstrong's friendship,' he said. Formally asjhe spoke, he had been unable-to keep a tinge of bitterneas if of his voice, ■ and Glare's heart leaped A sbe heard it. 8he would > ather h'»j.ve Anthony's hatred than his indifference. " 'Oh, do not pppak like that' slje oaid; * do not'sppak so coldly to me. Have you qoi'e forgotten !' She wa« stopped by the flash from Anthony's d»»rk eyes. ' Let tha past alone, 1/idy Arm strong,' he said, sternly. ' I wish to forget it.' < Bat cannot we be friends V she pleaded. ' Anthony, I liave more to forgivd th-kn you. If I ask for your friendship now surely yoa cannot refuse it ? You cannot be so hard and unfor giving as that ?' The bitterness deepened in his face. • I do not pretend to understand you, Lady Armstrong,' be said. . ' But let us be friends, if you will; and we will not talk of forgiveness. What is for gotten is also forgiven, you know.' 'Is it !' she Baid, with a strange glance at him. ' But I have not for gotten, Anthony Vydall. I have not found it so easy to forget. And aB to forgiveness'—Bhe gave a hard laugh— ' it is a Christian duty to forgive, and we will assume I have done eo.' There was puzzled pain in the glance he gave her. ' I do not understand you,' he said. ' You talk in riddles, Lady Armstrong.' ' What is it yon do not understand !' she asbed, her tone bitter and mocking ' Have you Lever realised what it is for a woman to remember that she once flung herself at a man's feet, and was thrust away 1 It iB all an old story, I know. I am a married woman, and you are an engaged man. The world counts us both happy. But do you think I have forgotten? Why is it I don't hate you, Anthony ? I don't —I don't. I have wished I could a thousand times. But I can't forget.' ' Glare, tell me what you mean V he exclaimed, coming a step nearer to her. She had effectually broken down bis calmness. 11 don't understand you. You cast me off—you broke my heart. What ' • Wait,' she said, putting out her hand to him. ' Wait a moment. Let me think.' She lifted her hand to her brow; but her eyes never left his face. ' Anthony, have you quite forgotten V The riproiuh in tier voice was as much a mystery to him as her words were. ' What is it you ask me to rem»m ber 1' he said, his f ice very pale. 1 I loved you. You had my heart and you used it for a plaything.' He checked himself; but after a moment he went oil. ' I loved yon,' he repeated. ' I remember that I believed, fool that I was, that my love was returned.' He spoke bitterly. ' Anthony,'—she drew a step nearer to him as she said his nam?. ' Anthony, did you never get my mes sage!' ' Your message 5' he reported, blankly. Neither of them had heard a light step on the grassy hillside. Leah was making her way to the stile, a little further on, intending to cross the road and enter the wood by the wicket gate opposite the style. As she dre-r sear the hedge she heard the sound of voices, and the next moment recognised Anthony's voice. She paused a moment, the color rising in her face. She was doubtful whether to go on to the stile or wait till he had finished his talk and ridden on to the village to leave his horse. He had arranged to meet her by the gamekeeper's lodge in the woods, and she shrank with tremulous shyness from appearing unexpectedly. She supposed he had met some acquaintance or some one from the village who desired to speak to liim, and felt sure that the I talk would be a fliorfc one. He would know she would be waiting for him. But as die stood there hesitating fragments of the conversation reached her. She lizard him speak Clare's name. A change that was something like the change from' life to death passed over her as she listened. The light died out of her eyes, the delicate, mobile lines of her face grew hard and rigid. Her whole figure stiffened, her arms hung straight at her sides, the fingers clenched. She moved c'ose to the hed^e—it was her right to listen— and sow every word came clearly to her through the fence ofliollies. Clare had not answered Anthony's question at once. JTor a moment or j two she gated at him, ber. breath j coming quiikly through her parted lips. He saw a light of deep, wonder ing gladness flood her beautiful eyes. I ' Anthony, am I dreaming ? Or ia it possible that jou hare forgotten ? I sent you a message. It wm after wards, af er we had quarrelled. Oh ! 1 was miserable; I could not bear it. And my Bister—Anthony, tell me— did she not come to you 1' ' I do not understand. We quar relled, as you say, and a week later I heard that you were engaged.' ' But I sent a message to yon, I was miserable. I asked ycu to forgive me. Did you never get my message V ' Neve,' he said. I But my sister ' She stopped. ' Did you give the message to your sis'erf he asked hoarsely. 'Yes. There was no one else. I was too proud to write. And she brought me your answer. It drove me mad, Anthony. I married George. We have been as happy as most people, I dareEay.' She broke off with a long struggling breath, and after a moment she added in a lower tone : ' She told me that you never wanted to see me again. She told me that you would never forgive me—never trust me again.' ' She told you that!' He found it bard to speak. I Yes, she told me that. I daresay it was true. Perhaps it was better that you never had my message, An thony. And • All's will that ends well,' ' What must you have thought of me!' It burst from his lips like a groan. 4 Clare, one word from you would have made me your slave again. I worshipped you, and you sent to me —you sent ' He found it impossible to finish his stammering epeech. The present had ceased to exist for him. He had for gotten Leah—forgotten George Arm strong. ' How can I forgive her V he said, slowly. ' She was false to both of us, Clare. She pretended to be sorry for nie. How 1 ' Anthony, hush,' she pleaded, in a low voice. 'She is dead. We must forgive her.' ' I cannot,' he answered. ' Clare, I cannot.' ' Oh, do not say that. And yet ' She turned away covering her face with her handsw 'Pity me,' he heard her murmur. ' Think what my life has been!' He made a qui k movement towards her but checked himEelf. ' Clare, why did you not have more fai.h in me?'he said- 'Did you not know how I loved you I' She dropped her hands and looked at him. Her eyes were full of tears. ' I believed I had made you hate me,' she said. ' But I shall be happier now that I know the truth. I have felt bitter against you. It is hard for a woman to be repulsed. But now we can be friends. That will be some thing, We can be dear friends, can we not V ' Yes, we can be friends,' he said, heavily. He made no attempt to re turn her sad smile. II am glad to know that I judged you falsely, Clare. But your siBter— how could she have b: en so false, so treacherous. I trusted her utterly.' She made a gesture of distress. 'Anthony, do not speak of her. Poor Lucy, I believe 6ho thought she thought she was doing right. She thought I should be a coontess. And she often told me I should not make you happy. Anthony, what do you think 1 Could I have made yon happy V She moved close to him, her eyes on his, her lips parted in an enchanting smile. Anthony felt his pulses leap. He grasped the hands she held out, 'Glare, you broke my heart,' he said, 'Ten years 1' she spoke in a low, dreamy tone. < Ten long years 3 And, all those years I have loved yon. When did you begin to forget me, Anthony? Have yon forgotten me? That girl who has come between us— that little schoolmistress—is she to rain our lives ? Anthony, soon—soon t shall be free. Ah, you are angry with me for saying that 1' j To be Continued. j 