OF ROYAL BLOOD. A STORY OF THE SECRET SERVICE. By William Le Queux, Author of "Whoso findeth a Wife," "Scribes and Pharisees," "Zoraida," "The Day of Temptation," &c.;, &c.; [All Rights Reserved.] CHAPTER VII. HER MAJESTY'S AMBASSADOR. A few minutes after the telephonic despatch had been transmitted, his lordship, still greatly agi- tated, with his own hand wrote a note to Scotland Yard, and sent it by one of the messengers who were always in attendance. Then, when we were alone again, he turned to me, saying "The fact that Clunes is dead must remain an entire secret, remember. Nobody must know. I have given instructions to the police to allow no word of it to leak out, and if an inquest is neces- sary it must be held in such a manner that the press will not know the official position of the deceased. It is useless to mince matters, therefore I tell you that this death of poor Clunes is a very grave affair indeed. No effort must be spared to find that woman," he added. "His wife, you mean." "Yes," he said with a heavy look upon his face. He was pacing the room with fevered steps, and whenever he came within the zone of lamp light I saw how deadly pale he was. "Have you any suspicion of her?" I inquired, for I was hesitating whether I should tell him all I know regarding her. Yet if I did I should undoubtedly reveal my own ghastly secret. No, I decided to act with discretion. "Suspioion!" he echoed, starting involuntarily. "Why?" he asked, quickly recovering himself. "What cause have I for suspicion? I only saw her once, at one of the receptions. She seemed a very refined and rather pretty woman, I thought." I saw he knew more of her secret history than he intended to reveal, therefore did not pursue the subject further. However, in response to his inquiry I related all that had occured at Richmond, omitting, of course, all mention of the scene between Judith and myself. "Extraordinary!" he ejaculated, when I had finished. "And the doctor has found no trace of foul play?" "None." "Very curious," his lordship repeated thought- fully. "The incident of the telegram of excuse is most mysterious. There seems no doubt that he went out this morning with a fixed purpose. He must have visited somebody, and with his wife's knowledge, too, for she would no doubt remark his shabbiness of dress. Again, he must have returned to the house secretly, for the ser- vants did not know that he had come back." "He might, of course, have let himself in with his latch-key," I suggested. "Ah, yes," he said. " I didn't think of that. Still, the fact remains that poor Clunes has died in most mysterious circumstances, which, com- bined with the statement he made to me, cer- tainly point to foul play." "Was there a motive for his assassination, then?" I cried, in quick surprise. "Yes," he answered, gravely. "There was." "Then your theory is that he has been mur- dered?" "I have no theories," the quick-witted old statesman responded." In this matter we can only deal with facts-and briefly they were these. Gordon Clunes, as servant of his Queen and his country, was in possession of certain secret infor- mation of a grave and most startling character, involving the peace of Europe and the discredit of one of the Powers - which of them I shall not say \- so there was every reason why he should be silenced. You yourself as a diplomatist and a member of the Secret Service have more than once gained information which, had it been known to be in your possession, might have cost you your life. Of thnt you are quite well aware - eh?" I nodded. What the world-renowned Minister said was quite correct. "Well, then," he went on, "our enemies, de- termined that their secret should be preserved, have no doubt silenced him-by death." This argument seemed conclusive enough. I had suspected the dead man's wife; but his lordship, while desiring to see Judith, apparently entertained a suspicion that the guilt lay in another quarter. "But they struck their blow too late-too late," he went on, as if speaking to himself. "They thought to preserve their secret, but their unfortunate victim forestalled them, and we are now forearmed. Poor Clunes," sighed the Premier," he has died having done his duty honourably. He is one of the many silent heroes, and will always be remembered by me as a man who, knowing the risks he ran and the dangers that surrounded him, acted with manful courage and saved England a war." Saved a war?" I echoed "Was his state- ment of such value as that?"' "Yes. When he told it to me yesterday I thought it too, wildly improbable to be true, but in the light of to-day's events all is borne out, every word of it, and I regret having misjudged him. It seems now apparent that he feared attempts would be made to silence him, yet he acted promptly and courageously in making that statement to me which has placed in our hands a weapon against a certain combination of the Powers. "But you wished me to hear his statement," I observed. "Had it any connection with the work before me in Brussels?" "Yes," he replied, "but in view of this later startling event I have decided that his story shall remain secret. After all, it is unnecessary for you to know what is merely a key to certain other matters of which you have no knowledge." "Then I am to remain in ignorance of his revelations?" I said, disappointed, for the mys tery has fascinated me. "Yes," he replied, unhesitatingly." I have already given you instructions how to act in Brus sels. Follow them, and report to me from time to time." Then, with his keen grave eyes fixed upon me, he added earnestly "Remember, Crawford, that I have every confidence in you, and that your past services lead me to the hope that in this your efforts will be crowned with success." "Then my work in Belgium has a connection with this secret which my poor friend Clunes learnt so opportunely." "Yes," he answered, simply. "It has. Be- yond that I can tell you nothing- absolutely nothing." I had anticipated that his lordship would at least repeat to me the story he was so anxious that I should hear from my friend's own lips, and this decision caused me the keenest dissatisfac- tion. Gordon was my friend, and I felt myself in duty bound to assist in the elucidation of the cause of his tragic end. That statement he had made appeared to be the key to the situation, and without knowledge of it the solution of the enigma seemed impossible. I inquired when, under the circumstances, I should leave for Brussels. "To-morrow," he answered promptly. "Go over and take up your duties at once. Drummond expects you. I shall see the Director of Criminal Investigations in the morning, and will explain that you were compelled to leave London. There fore you will not be called as witness." His grey face, looking ghost-like in the shadow where he sat, was unusually grave, his eyes were fixed thoughtfully upon the table between us, and I noticed that his hand holding the quill trembled nervously. "Then I can be of no service in seeking to clear up the mystery of poor Clunes' death?" I said in a disappointed voice. "No," he responded promptly. "It must be left to the police. Your duties lie in another direc- tion. Act with courage and tact, and remember that your first duty is towards your country and Queen." "I am not likely to forget that," I answered. Then, after some further conversation, he rose and dismissed me courteously. The electric bell rang in the hall, and old Budd opened the door and bowed me out, while the Minister returned to his work among that miscellaneous collection of papers and despatches with which his desk was piled. He was the most methodical of men, and I well knew that ere he retired to rest that night every single paper would have his attention and bear his familiar initial. Next day, according to my orders, I left Char- ing Cross and arrived in the Belgian capital the same evening. On awaking on the following morning I found that here the spring days had come earlior than in London, the chestnuts and beeches in the long avenues wore their freshest green, the Boulevards were spick and span, and the streets, always models of extreme cleanliness, were full of life and movement. Brussels is a gay, airy, careless counterpart of its sister Paris; for in it are centred all the gaiety, all the life, all the outdoor freedom for which the French capital is so notable, yet without that constant turmoil of the streets which yearly renders the Paris thoroughfares more and more like those of Lon- don. No city in the whole of Europe is brighter, gayer, or more pleasant than Brussels in May from the windows of my room in the Place Louise, at the corner of that magnificent thoroughfare, the Avenue de la Toison d'Or, I watched the con- stant procession of fine equipages, chic cyclists, fours-in-hand, automobiles, and electric trams, as they converged into the long shady Avenue Louise, on their way to the Bois de la Cambre, one of the most picturesque woods on the whole Continent Light and life were everywhere, for sunshine had come, and the gay-hearted Bruxel- lois always welcome the spring time right gladly. Already the weather was warm and bright, and the foliage of the spreading trees so thick that in some of the avenues near my abode there were spots where the sunlight did not penetrate, and it remained gloomy, even at mid-day. In Brussels, the lively little city where the women are so neat ankled and chic, and the men so smart, where the carriages are as well-ordered as those in the Row at home, and the blackbirds sing in the great trees opposite one's house, they have indeed brought enjoyment to a fine art. In May it is undoubtedly a City of Pleasure, with its columns, its fountains, its leafy, breezy boulevards, its countless cafes, and its gay outdoor life, while Monsieur le brave Belge, the gay débonnaire of the capital, has almost forgotten his native Flemish in his tireless pains to acquire a Parisian accent, pure and un defiled. The city on the Senne has, with truth, been modelled after the city on the Seine, and with a happy result. Indeed, I was not sorry to return to this cheer- ful, careless city, pleasant indeed after a weary- ing life besides the Bosphorus, for I knew it well, from the venerable Grande Palace where rises the brocaded Hotel de Ville with its im- possible embroidered spire and ancient Guild Houses opposite, and where the old market women gossip beneath then big white umbrellas covering their stalls even to the gilded salon of the pretty youthful and skittish Baroness de Melreux, of whose escapades Brussels society is always so fond of whispering, and whose elderly and portly husband is one of the leading men in the Chamber. (To be Continued.) 