AUSTRALIAN FEDERATION OPENING OF THE NEW SOUTH WALES PARLIAMENT. ANOTHER FEDERAL SESSION THE GOVERNOR'S SPEECH THE FEDERAL ENABLING BILL. (By Telegraph from Our Correspondent ) SYDNEY, Ajprll 11. Parliament was opened at noon to-day with the accustomed ceremonial. The Act- ing Governor's Speech stated that his advisers felt that the Government were under the strongest possible obligation to urge upon the attention of Parliament the propriety of providing for a full and untrammelled vote of the whole body of electors upon the momentous question of federal union. It is accordingly the intention of the Government to immediately submit a bill enabling the electors' to decide for or against federal union upon the terms embodied in the bill prepared by the Australian National Convention as modified by the Conference of Prime Ministers of Australia held a few months ago at the invitation of this Government, -and with the concurrence of Parliament. THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. . ""When the Legislative Council met to-day, the whole of the new members, with the exception of Mr. Buzacott, of Broken Hill, were sworn in. du the Legislative Council the adoption of the Address in reply was moved by Mr. Millen, one of the new members, who argued that if ever the Government stood pledged to carry a proposal through the Government of New South Wales was pledged to carry federation through. Mr. Greene, another new member, seconded the motion. He thought the Enabling Bill, which was to go to the electors for decision, should not be altered, as that would be, to a great extent, a breach of ' faith with the other colonies. Dr. MacLaurin said that if members did not express and act on their opinions they would be unworthy of belonging to a co-ordinate branch of the Legislature. As the Premier, at the Premiers' Conference, practically gave up everything that the colony wanted, how could it be that Parliament was bound by the promises he made at the Conference ? In the House considered that the Premier had made an Improvident, foolish, and injurious bargain for New South Wales, and they could not amend the Commonwealth Bill, it was the duty of members to was that it was surrounded by any necessary safeguards with which it should go before the people. He still adhered to the opinion that three months should elapse before the referendum was taken, and that a minimum affirmative vote of 25 per cent of the electors should be pulled before the bill was carried by the people. He welcomed the new members to the House, and was sure they would be a great acquisition to its strength. Mr. Gould contended that the House should do nothing to interfere with the exercise of the people's unfettered judgment. Mr. Pilcher and several other members also spoke. Mr. Millen said the fact that the motion had been allowed to go without any formid- able attack might be accepted as favouring the conclusion that the large question affected would be dealt with in the light of reason. The Address in reply was adopted, and the House adjourned. PROCEEDINGS IN THE ASSEMBLY. In the Legislative Assembly the adoption of the Address in reply was moved by Mr. McLean, who contended that it was the duty of the House to send the Enabling Bill to the Upper House with a practically unanimous vote, as it would greatly weaken the position of the Assembly if members took up a position of antagonism to the measure. Mr. Barton said he found no fault with the number of members appointed to the Legislative Council, but he expressed dissatisfaction with the appointments from the point of view of material. At the same time he would take no step by a motion of censure or otherwise, to interfere with the course of the Federal Enabling Bill. Mr. Barton went on to say that, seeing the Object with which the appointments were made, it would have been right if these appointments had been made from the ranks of known federalists. He complained that there were in the list of new members gentlemen from whose expressions of opinion it was impossible to extract any declaration in favour of federation. Besides, members ought not to have been appointed because they belonged to any particular class. In conclusion, he contended that Parliament was bound in all honour to send the Commonwealth Bill, as amended by the Premiers'' Conference, free and untrammelled to the people. 4 Mr. Reid said it was fortunate for the country that there was at the head of the Opposition a gentleman who' would not assist in the wonderful underground engineering which had been going on to bring about a crisis and prevent the great constitutional issue between the two Houses from being fairly and squarely settled. He defended the appointment to the Upper House of gentlemen who he knew supported the Assembly in the stand taken up against ] the Upper House on the Enabling Bill. Mr. Fegan moved an amendment express- ing regret that the Vice-regal Speech did ' not make mention of other measures of pressing importance, such as arbitration and conciliation, early closing, &c.; After a general discussion, in the course of which several members advised Mr. Fegan to withdraw his amendment, the debate was adjourned. ATTITUDE OF THE LABOUR PARTY. The Labour party to-night held a meeting, at which a feeling was expressed favourable to Mr. Fegan's amendment, which, the party is expected to support in the Legislative Assembly. ' , A few irreconcilables are expected (to cause some little trouble, but the passage of the Enabling Bill through the House is taken as a foregone conclusion, while the men pression prevails that the measure will pass through the Legislative Council without serious amendment. If indeed with, any alteration at all. 1 \- - as , OPPOSITION CAUCUS. . At a caucus of the Opposition members of the Legislative Assembly, held this afternoon, the present political situation avails discussed, and it was agreed that no action should be taken to interfere with the Governement ? ^ ' MR. REID AND THE ATTORNEY- GENERAL. When the Legislative Assembly met 'this afternoon, Mr. Barton asked the Premier à' he would give Information respecting the cablegram he had sent to the Attorney-General with regard to federation. Mr. Reid replied that at the close of the last session he sent a cable message to Mr. Want, giving him the exact nature of the agreement arrived at, and placing the matter so thoroughly before him as to leave no room for misunderstanding on the subject. He had 1 also kept Mr. Want fully posted up in all that has since taken place, but he had received no reply from him. The names of the gentlemen nominated to the Legislative Council had also been forwarded to Mr. Want. l J LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. PElD,ER)A/ma'N. AND PROTlEPDrr|M>N. "] lf TO THE EDITOR, SIR-I think that we may fairly assume that the Premier has declared in favour of federation. Presuming this to be so, I would point out to all supporters of federation the advisability of forming leagues throughout the colony, to combat the statements that will be made by the Anti Federation League, amongst whom I regret to Had many of our protection leaders. This, I may say, I con j not understand. - I have been a resident in by Britton's for nearly twenty-one years, and during that time have always been an ardent supporter of all measures tending to the support and development of colonial industries; and I will give way to no man in my claim to be a consistent protectionist. Mr actions in the past prove this. And I say again, I cannot understand the action of the several leaders referred to allying with the and federation movement. If federation, as I understand it, means a co-operation of the whole of the colonies for their mutual benefit and development, with free intercourse and trade between themselves, and a policy of protection against the rest of the world, outside the British Empire, then I am decidedly a federationist, and l/tnaintaln, at the same time, a protectionist In the best sense of the word. And here let me call upon all protectionists to pause ere they commit themselves to the support of a movement which has for its object the delaying of our natural progress and united prosperity. What is protection ? Is it not self- preservation, the first law of Nature, and from whom do we want protection ? Is it from our relatives and friends who, because they live on the other side of a creek, or river, called a boundary, which is a part of this great land, and under the same flag ? That flag never unfurled without causing a thrill of pride and loyalty in all our hearts to rise In thanksgiving that we are all one family, and each one a member of that great and glorious Empire upon which we boast the sun never sets. Are we such weak con- temptible beings that we must acknowledge that we find it necessary to protect ourselves from our own flesh and blood and fellow subjects in this part of the same great Empire, by refusing to trade with them on equal terms, one with the other ? No, sir, this is not protection, as I understand it. We are not afraid of intertrading with our own countrymen In Australia. Why should we be Nor are we afraid of the armaments of other nations, or a combination of nations, so long as we form a part of the glorious British Empire. Her power is and will be sufficient to strike down her enemies in the remotest corners of the earth. But, sir, what we need to fear is the combined and bloodless warfare which is now being waged in our trade and commerce by piratical and unprincipled foreign traders, and the shoddy products of their underpaid and overworked labourers, which is being dumped down, and putting our markets, thus demoralising our trade and causing starvation and misery among our fellow-workers. This is what we want protection from, and such protection can only be obtained by our becoming one grand united nation, bound together for mutual protection and progress, and thus united withstand the attacks, fiscal or otherwise of those whose great desire it is to tear asunder the component parts of the still growing and the mightiest Empire the world has ever seen. May she still grow and continue to Aviold her power for the benefit of her own people, and as an example for the rest of the world to follow. . And so she will, sir, provided we are wise in our generation and follow the footsteps of those two great and prosperous peoples the United States of America and Canada who have secured and demonstrated the 'blessings of unity by federation, which is the very acme of protection from, a world-wide and national point of view. Thanking you In anticipation for your valued space I am, sir, c, R. E. JARMAN, Edward-street, Brisbane. 11th April. 'nBDm\TÄ!«,N"'AN'D OEN/TlRIAILIStiiiTrOlN. "Sir-Your correspondent, "Oceana's Razor," has written a letter which is worthy the serious attention of all those Queenslanders who have the real welfare of their colony at heart. I think your reply to him is singularly weak. Your statements that by refusing to accept this Commonwealth Bill we throw down a " gage of battle, that our isolation " is a challenge" that " we choose safety In open hostility," ara arguments so very absurd that they carry their own refutation with them. If one of my neighbours comes to me and proposes to make a certain business engagement with me, and I decline, am I henceforth to be in a state of hostility with him, or against him, rather ? If I tell him that I prefer to go about my own business in my own way as I have hitherto done why should my hand be against him, or his hand against me ? The trade and tariff war under which we are now suffering ( ?) will be aggravated tenfold" if we refuse to join this precious federation. If there is any meaning at all in that, it means that we are to be punished for our contumacy by being treated)differ- ently to the rest of the world. The federa- tion will have to get outside the British Empire before It can play tricks of that kind. " Occam's Razor" says that we have had " statements in abundance, but reasons few." I quite agree with him. As he justly remarks, the onus is upon you federationists to prove that It will be a benefit to us. You say you will give in detail the advantages Queensland will gain. I hope you will, sir, and will you tell us how we shall fight better inside the federation than out of it, fight better with our hands tied than with them free ? Will you also tell us what is to compensate us for giving away that which we now possess namely, the power of the purse - At present, our representatives In the Assembly impose taxes, wisely or un- wisely, as the case may be, and they have the sole right to say how the money shall be expended. Will it be so under federation During the progress of the late electoral campaign one of the most useful of the various sticks with which the Government supporters belaboured their opponents was that Mr. Glassey and his friends would put on a land tax, if returned to power. Will you tell us, sir, whether it is likely or unlikely that the Federal Parliament will impose a land tax ? They will have to get money somehow, because, in the first place, there is the whole army of would-be Federal officials waiting with eager hands to clutch at the nice fat billets which will be created. And then the federation is to build " a beautiful and stately capital," vide cablegram in your columns lately. Our Customs duties are pretty well mortgaged already for Interest due in London, so they must raise the wind in some way. The difference between a land tax imposed by Queenslanders upon themselves, and a land tax imposed by the Federal Parliament will be that the money, in the first case, would be spent in Queensland, and in the second case it would not be spent in Queensland. Perhaps you will say, sir, that it would be better for us that it should not be spent in Queensland. You ask the and federationists, sir, to speak out and say what they want. In my opinion they want to have nothing to do with this "One people, one destiny," this " National Australia" i\omlbastlc nonsense, (but to go on minding their own business, and developing their country, as they have so successfully been doing since they got separation from New South Wales. He seems to me the height of absurdity to undo the great work that was then. done. The cry of the age is for de eentKOfeatlon, for people to- manage their own affairs. This federation is centralisa- tion in its worst form. You have often said, sir, that we must federate for defence purposes. I say that we are already federated as far as any practical defence goes. The principle wants extending, that is all. We pay iSO much a year new for federal defence. I allude, of course, to the ships that the Imperial Government sent out at our request, That is our only legitimate means of defence on the water. If there are not enough i ships, let' us pay more money and have I snore ships. That is the only son of federa- tion that we; require. But there should be a proviso that some of the vessels should be a little oftener in our ports. I wonder how much of our present contribution-about thirteen thousand pounds I think it Is-is spent in Queensland ports. I remember when they first came. Victoria kicked up a row because they didn't go to Melbourne 'first, and there was a load of New South Wales coal waiting for them in the Bay. That is it, Sir, federation means centralisa- tion, but not In Queensland. We shall find the money, and they will spend it. No wonder that they say that federation would be absurd without Queensland's! am, sir. c..' H. W. THOMPSON. - Deep Creek, vla$Fernvale. AiNÍTI-FElDIBlRlALIISlr FEARS. Sir, Have you shaken hands with the ghost ? ' If not. Why ? are questions which I should basked al\anJ^-íedef!B¡tlonlJtif-/> A fat Dutchman st a late hour proceeded in quest of a drink, when he met the hotel keeper, who, for his comfort was attired in a White shirt only, i Not recognising him, nor the substance of the apparition, the Dutchman had his suspicions and began to retrace his steps. A hasty glance back at the approaching spectre, and fear gave him legs. At a short distance a hill was encountered, where, breathless and fear stricken, the Dutchman fell groaning to the ground. The hotel-keeper overtaking him asked why he was scared, and said, "I am not a ghost." " Veil," said the Dutchman, " vy didn't you say it at first !" Although the Dutchman did not laugh at his own foolish fears, he shook hands, and was able to go in at and bear the situation complacently. Look before you leap ! and do not mistake shadow for substance, nor through idle fear or short-sighted vision take a shirt on a man's back for the man. Will the and federalists read, mark, learn, and inwardly digest I-I am, sir, c" THOS. O'CONNOR. Duporth, Oxley, 8th April. PaDHRfATIOIN REGARDED FROM A QÍUBEfNiS¡LlA'N,D POINT OF VjllBW.-ail. By J. E. WALKER, 914., LLC. The following is the third instalment of an essay which gained the prize at the recent Eisteddfod at Ipswich Queensland must for years to come be the great producer of raw material and food supply, and to (foster this production the larger markets of the South must be made available for our increasing surplus. Even now our exports, exceed our imports in value by nearly two to one Queensland produces nearly five times the amount of sugar that is required for local consumption ; yet before this surplus can find its way into Southern markets it has to bear an impost averaging nearly £5 per ton. Referring to another important industry that of cattle-raising this colony possesses more than sufficient cattle to provide twelve head for every man, woman, and child within its borders ; yet when an effort is made to supply the wants of Victoria, our pastoralists are met with a stock tax of 30s. per head. The large surplus in sugar, the enormous supplies of cattle, the rich mineral products, will all find more remunerative markets when the artificial and unnatural barriers which divide the colonies are broken down.' Our manufacturing industries may possibly suffer at first, when brought into free competition with institutions which are of older growth and firmer standing ; but this is a very different matter to competing with countries where the conditions of the working classes are less favourable, and consequently labour less costly. In this re- spect all the colonies compete on equal terms, and though large capitals may count for a time, the saving in freight and other expenses will always favour the local manufacturer. It may be confidently expected that those whose interests are concerned will respond to the call for fresh' methods and increased energy. The recent decision of the Brisbane farmers is an interesting case in point. They foresee the effects of keener competition involved in intercolonial free trade and to be in a position to meet this, steps are to be taken to introduce the best kind of wattle tree to provide the most suitable kind of bark for tanning purposes. However, with the large and outstanding benefits to be derived from federation, to only a few of which we have adverted, each colony can surely afford to make some sacrifice. "There is no good that doth not cost a prices And if the federation Obtainable is of a fair and equitable nature, the price paid for it will be amply compensated for in the result- ing substantial benefits. . J ( Does the Commonwealth Bill, then, with the amendments agreed to by the Prime Ministers of the various colonies, afford the means of such a federation - In striving to answer this question, the most important object of attention is the clause which sets out the subjects placed under the control of the Federal Parliament. The subjects are set out in section 51, and are divided into thirty-nine distinct groups. A careful study of these groups will show that the great majority of them, such as defence, borrowing, quarantine, external affairs, can be dealt with by the Federal Government much more effectively and beneficially to all concerned than by the individual states. With regard to the remainder of these groups, with one or two exceptions, the transfer is necessary in order to secure a sufficiently strong central government, as, for instance, the powers of taxation, grant- ing ral bounties, the control of any alien race requiring separate laws. It is here that the States are called upon to make some sacrifice in surrendering the exclusive control of these matters. But if the Federal Government is at all worthy of our trust and confidence, the sacrifices we are called upon to make need cause as no alarm whatever. There are one or two subjects included in section for which appear at least unnecessary to be included, and perhaps even better to be left to be dealt with by the States ; each, for example, as invalid and old-age pensions, parental rights, and the custody and guardianship of infants. These, surely, are of domestic concern. The great difficulty confronting every Con; vention which has met to consider federation is in regard to the financial arrangement The settlement set forth in the bill in its amended form, while by no means perfect, is incapable of working great injustice, especially to Queensland, for we have already a revenue-producing tariff which cannot be greatly increased so as to become in any degree prohibiüonary, without diminishing the revenue derived therefrom and the famous Braddon clause provides that at least three-quarters of this revenue is to be returned to the State Treasury. In return for the other quarter retained by the Commonwealth the State is relieved from many sources of expenditure, such as military and naval defence, quarantine, lighthouses, postal and telegraphic services. The sparse population scattered over the great expanse of territory included in Queensland entails a heavy burden. The post and telegraph services are worked at a loss ; whilst the extensive coast-line may at any time involve us In grave responsibility. Queensland has a seaboard of 2800 miles, while New South Wales and Victoria, with five times the population, have only 1300 miles between them to protect and care for. On this ground, a joint responsibility will clearly be advantageous to Queensland. In reference to State representation, a very great improvement as far as Queensland is concerned was made at the instigation of our Premier at the late conference, in allow- ing this colony to be subdivided for the election of the members of the Senate. The circumstances are such that it would be im- possible to secure satisfactory results If the whole colony formed one vast electorate. Perhaps this incident emphasises our loss in being deprived of any representatives of the colony's interests in the preparation of the bill. It is quite possible that the clause providing for the termination of deadlocks by a simple majority at a joint sitting Instead of a three-fifths majority, may give the more populous States an advantage over the others ; but the community of interest throughout the Commonwealth Is such as to render the perpetration of any injustice in this way extremely improbable. Queensland again is greatly benefited by the clause which forbids preferential railway rates a fruitful source of grievance against our Southern neighbours in the past. Finally the power given to the people themselves of carrying; through the referendum, any amendment of the Constitution, is one which is readily available, yet at the same time one which from its nature will not be lightly undertaken. Taking the bill as a whole, while from no one point of view is it an ideal measure (since from its nature as a compromise that is impossible it is as reasonably perfect a measure as it is possible for us to obtain, It is the combined work of many of the most prominent and ablest men In Australia, who spent in the aggregate, a period extending over four months in Its creation. It has proved itself acceptable to a large majority of electors in the other colonies and in the opinion of those best able to judge, will not receive any further modifica- tions. The question for decision, then, is Shall federation, as set forth in the Commonwealth Bill, be accepted, or shall the matter be indefinitely postponed ? Queenslanders have also to face the possibility of a federa- tion of the other colonies, with a hostile federal tariff, federated debts and federated policy, and this colony left out of the union. The prospect is by no means a reassuring one for the isolation thus manifested would bleed misunderstanding and estrangement, rancour, and animosity, and would also de- tract from this colony's standing in the financial world. Even if compelled by circumstances to enter the union at a later date, we lose all the prestige of an original State, and any controlling voice in the important preliminary legislation. Is it in any sense a wise policy to stand coldly aloof until we obtain an impossible perfection, refusing to accept anything less? ] We do not possess this under our present constitution, nor will we secure it in any future one. But we can secure a constitu- tion which enables a free people to unite, and in community together to work out their own destiny-a Constitution which the people through their Parliament and themselves, may alter without unreasonable difficulty, to suit their varying needs, but which, until so altered, is preserved and safeguarded. We have throughout this paper considered federation as placing certain material advantages within our grasp ; but surely we may allow sentiment to have some play in influencing our judgment, for sentiment is no insignificant factor in the development of a national life. All of us, whether we claim Australia as our native land, or as adopted country, are now offered the privilege of sharing in however humble a degree, in an epoch-making task of far-reaching consequences. We are offered a Constitution which has been aptly described as the finest instrument of Government that ever was framed. It affords the utmost freedom to the people to work out the grandest destiny of which they are capable. In the words of an Australian orator, "It will be a union with strong foundations set deep in justice, a union which will endure from age to age, a bulwark against aggression, and a perpetual security for the peace, freedom, and progress of the people of Australia, giving to them, and to their children, and to their children's chil. dren, through all generations, the price ] less heritage of a happy and united land." 