TO CORRESPONDENTS. v. — . •• : • C.A.D.: Yes, minus the fulltstopB, you are. ' '..•.-.., . TTBO : Will use. P.P.: ButVi ; e ddn't want matter that's "just dashed off." We want something that some pains have been taken oyer. We can fix up enough slovenly stijiff : ourselves without payiiifrrtof.tt. CROAKKB : No notice can be taken of it until you send along your name and address] . In Tuesday'6 papers appeared a telegram telling of,a. Chinaman in Vic. who Qtabbed himself in the waistcoat. Before he gave up the ghost the Celestial explained that he" had prodded himself in ordtfr to gain relief from pain. Noteworthy very few. Chows rliu tb felo-de-se. Caucasian example was doubtless responsible for this case. Are you seedy or in need of change, or want a holiday P Go to Gordon's Hotel, Bunbury. You'can get boating, bathing, fishing, driving, &c.; Wire for rooms. * An Eastern judge has decided that , the copyright-of a speech is vested in the reporter who takes a note of it. Even the speaker himself cannot "pirate" the printed record ftbm those notes. A Madison tramway company (Indiana, U.S.A.) have dismissed all their girl conductors arid rfepliaded them by nien. The directors allege that the girls flirted, frequently sulked, and were rarely punctual with their trams. The lock-out women, however, gathered a multitude of sympathisers, stoned the tiams run by the men, and rendered the service impossibly. It is believed that the directors will be forced to go back on their decision. " Tbe Pope is five times a millionaire. .£5,000,000 is the modest sum stored up in the Vatican, yet the Nazarene. carpenter preached: " Sell that ye have and give alms; provide yourselves bags which wax not old, a treasure in the heavens that faileth not, where no thief approachetli, neither moth corrupteth. For where your treasiue is there will your heart be also." The acme of extravagance, withal it's a New York sassiety fad,-:" Billy " M'CIain, of M'Adoo's Minstrels, has; a diamond set in one of his front teeth. 