INDENTURES FOR LIFE, COMPLETE IN TM IS ISSVE J bv CHARLES K. MOORE. l_coriuoiiT.j "CST ££ O U It is o o il vv jff health!" was rrft'; it- - cried in a full wSmm s /J® Tom Robe, as 1,0 l,uwu" i" 'J W r o s p O n s e, / -M / .7 thought thilt ucvot- K J j '/ before had his health a yy/ been drunk by buoh a 'A (!ueer supper party. Tho owner of tho big voice was Mr. Dallas, a heavily-fleshed man, with pendulous cheeks aud a slobbering tongue — a coarse, uneducated man, who looked back on sixty yours of animal life with lip-smacking self-satisfaction ; a vulgar, purse-proud man, full of grcod and low cunniug, and cruelty. By his sido whs Air. Sharpe, who was tall, thin, forret-eyed, nimblo-tougued. and quick-witted. As for Tom Kobe, he had a pleasant face, & pair of broad shoulders, and an ingonuous manner, and was altogether a wholesome looking young follow. Ho had lately been called to the Utter Bar. Strange to say, ho hAd a sneaking likiug for the gross and uuaerbred person at tho top of the table, and Mr. Dallas on his part thought there was no one in tho world like his nephew, Tom Robe. Had Tom been older and suou more of the world he had judged more truly and thought less charitably, Sut ho did not know that, alone of all the world, ho received kindly words and indulgent treattneut from Mr. Dallas. 41 What do you thiuk of tho lad, Sharpe?" asked Mr. Dallas. 14 Does me credit?" 44 He has cost you a lot of money," wus Sharpe's non-committal answer. Mr. Dallas purpled, for his heart was tied round with his purse strings, and he did not like to be reminded of expenditure. 44 What's that to you?" he blustered. "It's my money. I can do with it what I like, and iti time Tom will get all that is left of it. I can pay my debts : aye, and I can buy anything I want, und that's moro tlinu some people can do, Sharpe." He swallowed a glass of rich old port ut a gulp. Sharpe drank more slowh than his employer — ho was Mr. Dallas' clerk und nwu of all work — and he kept sip, sipping, allow ing no drop of vine to pass his pulate with out paying its full toll of flavour. He turned bis keen eyes on Mr. Dallas and again nuiliciouriy touched the raw spot. 44 The hist cheque," ho said, 44 was for " 44 Hold your tongue." shouted Mr. Dallas, and tho globe of the chandelier rang to his loud tones. 44 Look here, Sharpe, I said just now I could buy anything I wanted. 'IVI1 Torn about that swell of a Guardsman who couldn't. Listen to the story, Tom . it's u good joke — how I kept that overhearing proud officer under my thumb and screwed and screwed and screwed and screwed him. Didn't I, Sharpe?" 44 You did." 44 He used to come swaggering over me with his uristooratto airs and graces and swear at me for a flinty-hearted old miser. But I took all that out of hiin. Didn't I, &lmrpo;?" 44 You did." 44 Toll us about it, Sharpe, the way you do when we are alone. Look here, Tom, this is tho firat time tho story has been told to a third party. Fire away, Sharpe." 44 You see it was this way, Mr. Robe," said Shurpu, settling dowu us to a familiar tusk ; 44 there was an officer of the Guards—" 44 Of the Guards," ehuckled Mr. Dallas. 44 Who bore one of tho highest and most honourable names to he found in 4 Debrett.' " 44 Highest and most honourable nomes," repeated Mr. Dallas. All through the narrative he murmured the phrases which struck his fancy us if he were making responses at cliurch, and whenever Sharpe omitted an' words to which ho had been . accustomed, Mr. Dallas interrupted and insisted. on the sentence being recast so that they might be brought in. 44 This officer wanted money," continued Slinrpe. 14 Tliey all do, and they always do. and generally they wnut it bitdly. Ho came to Mr. Dallas and got the money — on security ; but the security was bud, aud there was no end of a rumpus, the port young sprig cutting up very rough, as if ho wore the injured person. Mr. Dallas put in an execu tion in some rooms the puppy rented in the Albany, and sold him up, every stick. After u little the officer remembered that there liad been somo letters iu a writing desk " 44 Gold mounted, gold fittings, arms, and initials engraved," commented Mr. Dallas. 44 And he wanted the letters back ; but be did not get them." There was a pause, and for the life of liim, Tom could not help expressing the opinion which Sharpe asked for by both eyo and uuanucr. "But the letters could not be retained?" 44 Of course not, but they were. You sec, this officer of the Guards, this curled darling, this pet of the West End, could not muko a noise, because tho letters compromised a lady of title." It whs plain to Tom that both the money lender und hi clerk viewed this piece of sharp practice with great admiration. 44 In fact tho letters wero written by tho lady of titlo, and would havo ruined her hud they been made public. So Mr. Dallas very naturally put u liitrli price upon them, a very high price, for a great; lady's reputation was at; stake. Of course the officer hadn't any——" "Of tho Guards," protested Mr. Dallas. <4 Yon nro always forgetting 4of the Guards.' " 44 Well, well; the officer of tho Guards hadn't auy inonoy, and was unablo to borrow any money, and couldn't work for uny money — and what was bo to do ? Wc put ou the screw tight, but it was precious little wc got out of him. Ho sold his commisHkm- iu tbe Guards — and ho wont down, and down, and down until in tho long run what do you thiuk this noble youth becaino ? Guess— a clerk to Mr. Dallas. Ah. thero was a fall for you; a red-coated, bimr-skmuud officer of the Guards became n money-lender's olerk. And ho dared not complain or run away, for wo had tho letters and a woman's reputation iu our bauds, and wo made him work hard. We gavo him all the dirtiest work to do, the collecting of tho smallest rents of the smallest houses in tho worst localities: wo made him the mau iu possession ; wc seut him to dun the most insulting of our creditors. Thoro wasn't much wax on his moustache or scent on his handkerchief iu those days. He ought to have cleared out ; but no, in this high and mighty fashion ho declared that ho would 4 stand between a woman anil disgrace.' The idiot ! to ruin himself fur a woman." Leaning lxis elbows on the table ami bis chin ou his baud, Sharpe went on : 44 But the best is to come. Years went past, and this dainty, kid- gloved Bond street lounger began to like his work, and after more years gloated iu it. Cuu you imagine it? I see you can't ; but it was so. Know this. Mr. Robe, there's a devilish pleasure in mini-hunting — devilish, hut delicious." 41 Ah, Sliarpo," interrupted Mr. Dallas, taking a long brouth, 44 thero is, there ih'." 44 Ho would spend days and week and months looking for u man, und he never felt weariness or hunger ur thirst when he was on tl»» !»c«nt." 44 What a mau he was!" cried Mr. Dallas in admiration. 44 When ho cuught up with a man bo wound Ids toils round aud round him, and there wus no escape. Now, Mr. ftobu, can you picture to yourself a bright young Guardsman becoming a thing like that —a thing to bo cursed ami spat upon?" Tuin was aware that his undo lout inonoy, but this revelation of tho under side of thu trade was staggering. Controlling himself with difficulty ho managed to ask, "Did tho officer get buck tbe letters? What becaino of him ?" Mo never got hack tho letters, und tho officer— of the Guards — wont below. A strange mixture ho wus, that man. He worked hard for thirty years to keep a woman's character uuuiuircheu, und yot himself rolled in the kennel and sank lower than the dregs of the stows. To bo at once so honourable to ii woman and so faithless to himself — strange, wasn't it? It's usually tho uthor way about." It was well for Tom that tho two old men got into uu argument; about some derail of the story, tor he was full of inuiirnavion aud hot words were upon his lips. Bub thu onforoed pause happily prevented him saying what might havo Jed to ft quarrel. Ho was roused 1 nut of a painful reverie by Mi4. Dallas crying : 44 Now- - tlieti, Sharpe, clour 0116. I want to talk to Tom." And as Shnrpc was slowly finishing his glass of wine Mr. -Dallas tonic him by the shoulders uh if to put him to tho door. This made Sharpe swallow thn rest of his wine quickly to save it from being spilled, and. then Air. Dallas broke into a harsh laugh. "Do you rhiulc I don't know why you did that?'' snarled iiharpe. 44It wax to keen me from relishing my wine properly. You "have broken your bargain." 44 No, I haven't. You've had your four glasses." 44 Then we will make a new bargain — four glasses ov port and rimo to drink them in. I won't havo my fourth ghis hurried over my throat like that. S. want to taste the whole of it— every drop of it." II. "When Shnrpo loft, and thoy wero alone, Mr. Dallas said to Tom: "I suppose that talk about a bargain has made you curious. Well, I hire that mau to cumehero" — Torn nodded — 44 ah, but not as a clerk, as a companion, and the bargain is that 1 pay him four glasses of wine for his : talk. I have brains, but thev aro business brains, and I haven't much education, and I don't, cure to read, so I buy good talk aud company from Sharpe. and the prico is four glasses of wine per night. He's cheap at the money, my boy. When you come into your kingdom, Tom— oh, yes, I know you hope that that- may be a long time yot ; that I am nor. an old man. and soon — I say, when you conto into your kingdom buy a poor man like Sharpe who has been at, si university sind has read a lot. He's a capital investment. You needn't look angry, Tom ; the man with tnoney buys tlic man of education all the time: of course he does. When Sharpe first came here I gave him gin. Ho drinks gin when lie is spending his own money, and why shouldn't ho drink gin here? But he struck and would only give me gin talk said he couldn'tgivo gentlemanly talk without port, and I had to agree to port, confound him. Keep a scholar, Tom ; u scholar who cuu talk." Tom screwed up his courage and began : 44 There's something I want to speak about, uncle. You havo done everything for me, and I hope I am not ungrateful, but — hang it all. I can't say it — I do not liko. Well, it is this — won't you give those letters back to the lady? You will not trade on them any more, will you? Aud that officer of the Guards " 4»Whew!" cried Mr. Dallas, gazing in astonishment at his nephew. 44 What's come over you ? I uever asked yon to worry your self about my business — indeed, I havcahvaj.s wanted you to keep clear of it." 44 Oh, but uncle, it is terriblo to thiuk of two people who have been in love with one another " "Stuff und nonsense," said Mr. Dallas, looking curiously und with somo amazement at Tom's crimson face. 44 Wliv, that's a fairy tale. Haven't I just been tolling you that I buy Sharpe to talk to me, reel off stories, like what's his namo in the 4 Arabiau Nights.' " Tom looked doubtful, and Mr. Dallas laughed uneasily. " That comes of being kind-hearted, Tom ; getting info a state of mind over a fairy tale. Why, "you'll bo asking me to raise Sharpe's wages next, and give him a fifth glues of wine." 44 But what I have been thinking of is that money is not everything, and—" 44 Exactly. I havo heard that remark before from those who haven't any money and from tlie parsons. But money is pretty nearly everything to a man — and don't you forget it. It can't keep you from dying, it's true, but it can keep you alivo when, without it, you would have died. It can buy beauty, honours, and titles, horses, carriages, and servants ; place, power, and dominion ; food, drink, und clothing. Are these things noth ing? Take it from me, my boy, they are pretty nearly everything. And Tom," here his hard voice softened, and iu kindly fashion he laid his hand on the youug man's shoulder, 44 it has bought mo schools und colleges and good homes for the boy, who iB my true son." 44 Yes, uncle," replied Tom, 44 but you know I could not bear to take help from you if I thought—" 44 1 know — I know — but you need not think theso things. I lend money to those who want money, and I can tell you the borrowers aro worse men than the lender." Tom 44 swir.hored," as the Scotch say, and after a pause ho said : 4 4 And those letters?" ' Fairy tale letters." "Then you nover liad tliem ?" 44 Why t.hoy never existed, I toll you." _ 44 It was a terriblo tale," said Tom, with a sigh of relief. 44 It made mo shudder." 44 That's where Sharpe scores, you seo. You can't get sensations like that out of read ing a story, but have someone tell it you by word of mouth, and it make you 4 grew ' all ovor. 44 Sharpe was so realistic." 44 He's a fine actor spoiled is Sharpe," and Mr. Dallas grinned. JII. One morning, whilo Tom was sitting in his Temple Chambers ovor a lato breakfast, lie whs surprised by a visit from a dapper little man with an air of important business writ large all over liiui. 44 A brief," thought Tom with delight, und lie became uneasily con scious of his gay dressing-gown and the .white tablecloth littered with the remains of hi meal. Certainly tho room looked most unluwyorlike. It was session time, too, and he wished ho had been caught reading some law book or at least tho Times, instead of that condeumiug yellow-boarded novel. 44 1 beg pardon for intruding," said tho man. u My name is Craig, and I come ou behalf of Mr. Dallas." 41 Oli," replied Tom, relieved yet disap pointed ; it was only a message, not a brief. 44 Pray take a seat." 44 It has not boon a ease of eurly to bed aud early to rise." remarked Craig, wugging bis head and looking ut the table. 44 Wc lawyers have sometimes to keep lato hours," and then uutchiug a smile on Craig's face, Tom added with a laugh : 4 4 Fact is, I wus at a cull dinner, aud I'm afraid we kept it up rather late." 44 Or rather early, was it not ?" 44 Well, it was after two." 44 In that case you will havo no difficulty in proving whore you were." 44 1 beg your pardon!" cried Tom, sitting up and spoitking sharply. 4,Ohf that's all right. You seo I am a detective " 44 What?" 44 Just so. It isn't in tho paporn, and I see you have not heard of it. I urn sorry to have to inform you that your uncle, Mr. Dallas, was murdered somewhere between twelve and twp o'clock this morniug." 44 Murdered !" Tho blood left Tom's chocks, and lm stared at Cruig. The detective told his story quickly aud succinctly. What ho wanted wus to get information, not to give it. 44 This morning, ut a quarter to two or theroiihrmiis, policeman on the beat in Thistle down road, Gluphum, found tho street door of Mr. Dallas's house standing opeu. Rung thn boll und roused out of her bed the old woman, mime of Surah Mumly, who doe for Mr. Dallas. She couldn't toll how the door came to bo open. There was a light in tho front ffoor buck window. Policemen X45 suggested that tho woman Rhnuld go and see if her master know anything about it. Woman wont upstairs. Screamed for bolp. Xl5 ran up. In u room furnished like nn office with desk, safe, and ledgers, found Mr. Dallus lying ou tho floor. Summoned ussis- tHiice, surgeon, su-un. Mr. Dallus been killed by. a single blow, inflicted probably by a heavy ruler. Give us any clue?" Tom shook his head. Ho could not thin): olourlv. His wits were all astray. 44'ihiuk. Know anybody who had ft quarrel with Mr. Dallas ? Say about money ?" Turn again shook bin head, und said — 44 His clerk, Sharps, knows all Mr. Dallas's busiucH. Ho would be tho best man to go to." "Snenhim. ' He's of little ussistunco. A perfect madman he is, raving about losing , his situation. Yon won't keep on the busi ness he says." 41 He's right there." 44 Talks of nothing but his situation. You might look him up and sue if you can inuko anything out of him. I can't." Tom silt thinkiug for a little and then said — 4 44 Of courso, I will give a reward for tho discovery of tho murderer." Craig bowed. 14 The amount will be——" and be scribbled some figures on a piece of paper and threw it over tho table. Craig's o.yvs glistened us ho saw the sum 44 I'll do everything that mortal man can do. Bat the guotlnmt Yard people swallow up so much of these rewurd." 44 Scotland Yard won't know uuything about it," said Tom. He had not attended the Central Criminal for nothing. IV. It was little that Tom Robe could make out of Simrpo. Tho old rnau whs so taken up with anxieties «s to his situation that he had no tlimight for any thing else. 44 Make up a sta tement of the money loud- ing business, with tho details in every case," ordered Tom. 44 Aud the houses — tho little houses that oriug in such big returns 7" 44 1 shall sell litem." 44 But other people will buy tliem and got the enormous profits," whimpered Sharpe. » They are welcome to own tho houses in the slums. If the houses were all iu cue block, instead -of scattered here und thre, I would pull them down, Unfortunately, I cannot, do that, but at lonst I sball keep my hands clean." 44 Then there will be nothing for me to do. Oh, Mr. Kobe, you won't turn uu old servant adrift ?" "Look here, Sharpe. In the money-lend ing business, wherever thero bo. anything approaching extortionate usury, I want to mnko restitution ; and I shall employ yuu to help me there: for you know all the circum stances." 44 You want to payback money!" screamed Sharpe. "Madness! I won't help you, and you can do it without mo." 44 Then take your leave at once." 4 4 My situation lose — the litllo houses sold— tbo connection thrown to tbe dogs ! Think it over, Mr. Kobe !" He turned to Tom and pleaded with him with tears in his oyos. 44 Don't do that. I can lot you have ten times the intorest for your money you can get anywhere else. You need never appear in rhe business. Ten times ! Twenty times the interest!" 44 And if it were a hundred times the interest I could not finger it. If you won't help me you must go." 44 My situation! The connection!" und Sharpe wrung his hands. V. 44 Well, Craig; anything now?" asked Tom a morning or two afterwards. 44 Only hunting ghosts," replied Craig dis consolately. 44 Dear mo," remarked Tom. By this time he knew Craig's moods, that ho was UMtally low iu the iSpirbs in the forenoon and only heartened up us the day advanced. 44 la it too early?" ho added, as ho unlocked the sideboard door. 44 Yes, sun not over the ynrdurin." 4 4 Hang the yurdartu. Help yourself and there's soda." Craig filled out two finger of whisky and tasted it critically and approvingly. Tom know that tho detective would now become more communicative, and he inquired — "Well; when ami to sign that cheque ?" "Hunt. Would liko to finger it. But Scotland Yard will step in. Take most of it und ivo it to men who have dime little or nothing. Now, if I do the work, don't seo why other should get the pay." 44 Come, this looks hotter. You would not be thinking about how the reward is to be paid unless you were hopeful of earning it. As I hinterl to you, I'll make auy arrange ment you liko. and it need not be paid by a cheque — a cheque tolls tales." 44 Good. well, as I was saying, I am huutiug ghosts." 44 Unprofitable business." 4 That's as maybe. This ghost is a pretty substantial one, or I am far mistakeu." 44 Out with it, Craig." 44 There's a Miss Pattison. fives next door to Mi>. Dallas's bouse. She saw u ghost, tbe other night. In tho back garden. Maiden lady and old, so thought it was uonres. Wretched thing the nerve when there's been a murder next door. However, best to be certain. So black threaded the garden." 11 Blackleuded the garden. " 44 No, uo ; black threaded. Stretched black thread across the walks and lawn, you know. About a foot from the ground. This morn ing, fouud the threads had been broken. Garden ladder been shifted, too. Soinethiug or somebody been in the back garden. Hey ?" 44 Now I see : and you propose ?" 44 To watch to-night." 44 I'll watch with you." 44 Right. Bo ut the villa at ten." VI. At ten o'olook Craig and Tom entered the deserted villa— for Sarah Mundy hud roundly refused to stay in the place— aud took up their quarters iu tlie office ou thu first floor back. It was a dreary time, sitting there in darkness. " I'm not a nervous purly liko the maiden lady next door," growled Craig in guarded tones ; 44 but it's shivery : that's what it is. Seen a few queer thing this room has. The murder is the Just, but, perhaps, not the worst of thorn. Murders, somo of thetn, to all intents and purposes. Many a poor wretch beeu squeezed dry here. Like an orange. Lots of bills rouewed here. And then that 44 Stop, Craig, or you'll make me sick. Here's some old port. Try it." But Mr. Dallas's port, however it might cheer Craig, brought no comfort to Tom. It only heated his imagination, and niude him ovolvo fiyrurcs out of tho deep shadow. Midnight was long past, and Tom was wondering how loug they would have to wait before Chiphum Church clock rang out the hour of one, when a light sound on the gravol made both mou start, and instinctively thoy squeezed euoh other' hands. A minute later a head and shouidors appeared dimly outlined outside the window, and, after a pause, the lower sash was softly raised. Slowly und with great caution a man stepped over the sill, und when he reached the floor Tom and Craig flung themselves upon him. But he made no resistance), aud in a trice Cruig had him securely handcuffed. Tom thou fit the gas, and to his astonish ment found thut. the would-be burglar was Sharpe. The wretched man flung himself at Tom's feot. 44 Oh, Sir. Robe, I didn't mean to do it— I didn't indeed. It was just one blow— just one." 44 Hero, stop that !" cried Craig. "Toko care what you are saying." 4 4 We liad fought before, and he nlwuvs got tho best of it. For God's sake, don't take me near that rug!" he noreamod, ns Craig tried tu raise him to his foot. 44 Now I must warn you," said Cruig. "Whatever you say will bo used against you, and you had better keep a closed mouth." 44 It's no good, Mr. Craig ; no good. I am guilty. But I didn't mean to do it. Why should I murder liim ? I know that if Mr. Dallas died I should lose my situation. And where would I get another situation? It was the old quurrol, Mr. Robe, about — you know whut it was about." 44 About what ?" 44 Tho letters — the lady's letters." 44 Good lieuvoiis !" cried Tom, romembering the way in whioh Sharpe had told the story of his own degradation. 44 You cannot bo that officer of tho Guards?" 44 But I am. He made mo toll tho story hundreds of times— ourse hirn. Mr. Robo, for pity's sake, destroy those lettor ! . Think of whut I have puid for them iu body and iu soul. And there is blood upuu them now— his blood. Don't upure mo, but spare the woman. Tho letters are there, iu unit safe. I havo been hero night after night; here, mitid you, where It was done, trying to pick tho luck. You don't know what I huvo suffered, coming to this room. I tried hun dreds of koys, but I know that I have got the proper key now. To bo caught just when I had a key — after thirty yours — and tho letters behind that door ! Try tho key." 'This is a bit irregular, Mr. Robe," said Oraig "Nover mind; I shall 'consider all that, you know, in tho cheque. Let us got to the bottom of tho bushics at once." Craig shrugged liis shoulders. The false key was taken from Sharpe's pooket, and, after repeated trials, the door was opened. Sharpo hud been crouohing in tlic oorncr of the room farthest from tho rug, but when tbu sufo door yielded he sprung forward. 44 Stop, my limn; stop!" and Craig laid his liiind on Sharpo's breast. 44 That's tho packet— there — on the top shelf — addressed to me," cried Sharpo otigcrly. Tom took the packet. It was marked, " Sluirpa's Indentures." Ho broke the seal! and took out a single sheet of foolscap. 44 No letter !" gasped Sharpe. 44 Only this paper, iu Mr. Dallas's hand writing. Lot n hear what it says," and Torn read— 44 On July 21, 1854, I took possession of Captain Bharpe's chambers in the Albany, and sold all they contained. In a writiug- de:>k I found a large number of letters, and somo of thom wero lovo letters. I burned them all." Sharps fell buck into Craig's arms, and Tom continued 4 4 4 Captain Sharpo eumo to mo some timo afterwards und demanded the letter. Of course I did not toll him they were destroyed. I asked a largo prico for their return. All that has happened during tho years since then is known to Captain Sharpe. I need not- refresh his memory. Ho has been a fool, and he though c mo a fool. Ho .ought to havo known that if I possessed the letters the lady would also huvo had to pay for my silence, I now give Captain Sharpe his freedom, and assure him that, the reputation of liis lady love is sair. Ho- will bo astonished to learn, for the first time, that it was never in danger. I hereby cancel his indenture. — John Dallas.'" Sharpe's face had become horribly distorted during the rending, and when it was finished be yelled— 44 The villain ! T havo been bis slavo for thirty years— I have sold inyuolf to the devil — I have lot my soul — aud all for nothing- nothing. Lost ! lost !" He flung hi arms wildly into the air, and foil heavily on the lug. Tom and Craig loosened hi necktie and shirt, flung, water on his face, and poured brandy down his throat, but all to no avail. Tom utlaxt rose to liis feet, and with a scared face, and in a broken voice said 44 Lost! Yes; that's the word. Lost!" 