CHILD DESERTION. At tho local Court on Monday raorring, before Mr. W. Clarke, P.M., a young man named Henry Charles An till waa brought up on a charge of child desertion. Constable Field de pnued to having arrostod accused at Reno by virtue of warrant (prorkcod), wherein ho was charged with having doaerted his illegitimate male child, born ut Darlington on 8th September last, tho mother of said child being Alice Maud Swan; the child wns loft without meiins of support, and accused was well able to contribute to ils support ; accused ndmittod to being the party rofsrrnd to in tho warrant; witneSB asked for a remand to New town, whero tho warrant had bpon issued. In answer to tho Bench, the constable said that Antill, whon questioned, remarkod, ' I have, been expecting it (a warrant) for somo time.'1 Accused, in answer to the Bench, snid no demand hfid been mods upou him for tho maintenance o£ tho child. Arcusod was remanded to Newtown, whoro he will appear at tho police eourt this morning. Tho Polico Magistrate said ho did not know what practico obtained at the cny pouco courts, uuo it seomed ntrangn to him that a warrant should bo iesaod, when a summons would have sufficed. A inan wag not the father of a cbild uulil ho wna proved to be. Hauvkstino. operations are in full (swing at Adtlong Crossing. Tub thermometer on Friday went up to 101 in Qundagai, on Saturday 103 was registered. The Murrumbidgea Raso Club made a proBt of nearly £70 ont of their lato Spring meeting. Tendehs are invited for the supply of meat to Brunprlo Mission Station 'or 12 months from 1st January next. Messrs Learmont and Co. cloned up Ihoir storekeoping business in town 3U Saturday last. Tho firm purpose jommencini; operations in Burrowa. A couple of fires occurred at Reno last week. A man named Johnson had his hut completely destroyed, and another named 'Wells had his tont burnt down. Amongst tbo pooplo who suffered from the big fire at Warxen last week was a daughter of our townsman, Mr. ,T. Leary, who is married to Mr. Woods, a hotelkeeper over thoro. A Sydney young ladj', Miss Greig, has commenced business as a. dress maker in Mount street, South Gunda gai. Miss Greig oomes amongst us with tho highest credentials. Now then, Inspeotor- General Fos bevry, wb.en tire wo to have an inquiry into tho death of the swagman Kinij, at Wantabadgory ? Some very ugly rumours ubout the affair are at present afloat. Tue Works Committee members seemed surprised on Friday when they wero told by two successive witnesses that the ridge country between here and Tumut would carry two sheep to tho aero. At a meeting of the Finance Com mittee of thn P. and A. Association lust week, the tender of tho ' Inde pendent'' was nccepted for nil the job printing in connection with tho nest annual Show. A mob of Gundagai district horse.', in charge of Mr R^gan, of ftluttama, are being sent over to Albury thia week for sale by auction there. The horse market in the border town is very firm just at present. Only one witness was examined by the Works Committee nt Adelong Crossing on Saturday morning last, in reference to the Tumut railway — Mr J. Turner, of, ' Lockiley,' who gave, eome valuable evidence. The following clips were sold at Sydney wool sales on Thursday : DA over B, over Gundagoi, 21 at 144d, nice quality, sound nnd free ; AN, from Adolong, 10 hoggets, wethers and owes at 14d ; TP over Qooup, 4 ewes at 144-d. AccoitDiNa to Mr Clements, our looal Stationtnaater, a line of railway to Tumut would not even have a ghost of show of paying. ' Tho teamsters,1' said Mr C, ' nro now able to carry loading cheaper than the railway would bo able to do at its lowest rate, aud that without any competition.' TnEHE are a number of people in town who say the railway extension to Tumut will not effect Gundagai. We oay it rnu«t — it will practically stop all trade botween the two#town8; the teams and coaches will die out, and this must mean a loss to black smiths, saddlers, farmers, etc.. — not here, but in Tumut. Tiieiik's one thing we don't like in connection with our hospital — there is too much circumlocution about it — too much, red-tapeism. A case in point. A day or two ago a man' was recommended for admission by the acting medical officer, Dr. Buchanan, but he waa refused by the Matron as he did not bear the admission com mittee's pasB. Next day ho received I Ulf, UUb Ull £JiO»VUWU£ IlllllttkUl 1UUUU Hint the two bode which wero vacant the previous day, were taken up, and he had to return home. Wo have always been of opinion that either a doctor's or oommittoe member's recom mendation should be quite sufficient to secure admission to the hospital, iustaad of putting people to thf trouble of first chasing olio man and then another. 