GOVERNORS OF NEW SOUTH WALES. 1788 TO 1899. NO. IV. (By 'Old Chum.') v The Eleventh Governor, Sir William T. j Donison— His Career in Van Dieman's | Land-Gaols* of Smith O' Bvien. and the Irish Exiles of 1843- A Pious Hunts- 1 nan — Responsible Government- | Stuart Donaldson's First Ministry j Separation oi Qussnslaiid-Sug- 1 gested Name* Cookeland' -Langs- i land— Logsland — Erection of | Fort Denison on Pinohgufc - Denison's Unconstitutional Act- John Tawell ; hanged 1 forthe Murder of his Mis tress— Affixing the Great Seal to Re-grants of his Confiscated Pr^party Denison's Appoint ment to Bombay— His Departure— Colonel Kempt Administrator Immediately npon tho departure of Sir Charles Fitzroy, the eleventh representative of tho Quean in New South Wales assumed tho Government. Sir William Thomas Deuisou had been Governor of Van Diemau's Land from 1S47 to 1&55, where he is slid to have earned a reputation for harshness to the Irish exiles, ! John Mitchell, William femith OBricn, Thomas Francis Meagher, John Martin, Kevin Izod O'Doherty, and others who were transported to Vsn Dieman's Land for tho Irish rebellion of 1S4S. John Mitchell stigmatised Denisen as being little more . than a gaoler, but then it was very hard to . please John Mitchell. In Van Diemau's j Laud Governor Denison followed field sports. ' These he avoided in New South Wales. \ When riding to hounds he is said to have j always carried a bible in his coat pocket. Denison was the last of the Governors General, as in his time Responsible Govern ment became an established fact, and with \ it oacb colony stood on its own tub's bottom, j The Governor commissioned Stuart Alex- j andcr Donaldson to construct the first Ministry. In this Mr. Donaldson was not successful until after the general cleotion'; j then he knew his strength, and succeeded, j The firat Ministry consisted of but five ; members, and a representative in the Upper i House : Colonial Secretary, Colonial Trea surer, Attorney-General, Solicitor-General, and Auditor-General. Ministries wore -'jort lived in Denison's time, he having lu1: no less than seven sets of Ministers during his government. « * * In his time the Moreton Bay district was separated from New South Wales and formed into a new colony under the name of Queensland. It was suggested by Dr. Lang that the new colony should be named Cooks , land ; but Dr. Lang being a bit disloyal — in fact he advocated cutting the painter alto gether — the, Imperial authorities ignored his suggestion. The colonists wished the new territory to be named in honor of the | : old doctor, Lancsland ; but as it sounded so 1 , like ' Lagslana,' the suggestion was not ? , adopted. Sir William Denison was au [ engineer officer, whose fad was fort bufld I ing — the melancholy looking battery on i Pinch-gut, known as Fort Denison, nnd some stone work at Rirribilli being monu ments of his industry in this direction. One official aot of Sir William Denison^s immediately before leaving the colony, caused considerable annoyance to Ministers, and led tlie people to believe that notwith standing tfyit we had responsible Govern ment and representative institutions, wc were still under the Imperial thumb at Dotfuing-streeti' In the early part!'of the century there was transported to rfew South Wales a Quaker named John Tawell, his offence forgery, and his sentence 14 years. In this country his conduct was beyond re proach. He trsded as a chemist and druggist, aud amassed a fortune. In the fortieshereturaed to England and contracted a marriage with a widow lady of great re peatability. But Mr. Tawell had a skeleton { in the cupboard. He had a mistress, one 1 Sarah Hart, living at Slough, aud he feared that thiB woman would become troublesome ! and interfere with his newly-wedded bliss. He made up his mind to get rid of her. He went to Slough, sent the woman out for seme bottled porter, and managed to insert a. quantity of prussic aoid therein. He left the unfortunate woman in her death agony and returned to London. Some of the per sons living in the neighborhood saw tho | quake r enter and leave the cottago and re- i ported tbe matter to the Slough police, who j wired to London to have the man arrested ] on arrival. Tawell was the first criminal ! arrested by electric wire. He was tried for the murder and executed iu 1845. The Government did not confiscate his English property out of consideration to his widow. Respecting the property in New South Wales, lengthy correspondence took place between tho Home and Colonial Governments. The Home Government wished a re-grant of Tawell's lands to his representatives in England. This the law officers of the colonial Government de clared to be illegal and refused assent. Denison made application to tho Golo i nifil Scoretary, Onarles Oowper, for the I great seal of toe colony in order that he | might a&x; it to deeds of grant, which had I been prepared in a private solicitor's office tyTaWellSi exeeutors. Cowper refused, pom t- ing to the legal eniniens of EdwardWise,W. M. Manning, J. B. Darvalland J, F. Hargrave. Denison however had special instructions from the Secretary of State, tbe Duke of Newcastle, and determined to comply with them. He maoe another demand for the Seal, this time Cowper1 complied, but handed in the resignation of himself aud Minis ters. The Governor having affixed tho seal to Tawell 'g re-grants, returned the seal to its former custodian and refused to accept the resignation of tho Ministry. The matter was ventilated in Parliament, much indignation was expressed, but the affair fizzled out, and Deniaop and Tawell are iiow almost forgotten. * ' * * Governor Denison left, January 22nd, 1861, for India where he had been appointed Governor of Bombay, and Colonel ICempt administered the Government until March 21st. in the same year. The Twelfth Governor, Sir John Young, Bart— An Eminent Statesman— A Mem ber of the House of Commons lor a., Quarter of a Century-Secretary to the Treasury — Chief Secretary for Ireland— Lord High Commissioner tor the Ionian Isles-A successful Governor— Swampingthe Legis lative. Counoil— Old Members Resign in & Body — The * Robertson Land Act— Free Selection Before Survey Sir John Young's Popu laiity-A Service of f ute A Portrait in Oil — His Departure — Governor General of Canada —Created Baron ;? . ?' . . Bis Death— His Widow Marries the Private' ^eoretaty-Major -General Chute-The .Kerry Bull Ad ministers the Government The twelfth Governor of New South Wales was an eminent statesman,, the first of the kind flentout here, The Right Honorable Sir John Young. But, - who assumed tbe Government, May 1£2, 1661. Sir John was the eldest son of Colonel Sir W« Young Bart. He was born in Ireland in 1807. educated at Eaton and Oxford and called to ! the Bar in 1830. Fiuding political life more to Ins tiiste, lie cuterud the parliamen tary, arena, being returned to the House of Commons for his native county, Cavan, in 1S31. This seat he held continuously for 24 vcarp. lie was a Lord of the Treasury uhrler Sir Robert Peel, in 1841, and Secre tary to the Treasury in 1S44. From 1852 to 1&55 ho was Ch'nii: Secretary ior Ireland under the Earl cf Aberdeen. On leaving j tbe latter office he was appointed Lord High j Commissioner of tho Iouinn Mcs, which . position he hold for a period of four years. I * ' c * I When »Sir John Young arrived in Sydney j hq found the public mini r»flame over j Governor Do .ison's acts ill connection witji tho forfeitod Inn Is of John Tawoll. This feeling Sir Johu Young speedily allayed, by the ability with which he discharged the duties of his offico, his kindness of mannor in private life and the zeal with which he I aided all objects tending to ameliorate the i condition of the poor, extend the causa of ; ' religion and promoto every movement tend- j i ing to the well-being of the colonists. Few j | Governors had more difficult questions to j I deal with than Sir John Young, but through j ' tlie whole of his colonial career every act of j his was such as to win the esteem of evory colonist. j | During his Government an attempt was i made to swamp the Legislative Council. The Cowper Ministry was determined to pass into law Mr John RoberUou's Land Bill which provided for free selection beforo survey. A strong majority in the Legisla tive Council opposed tlie Bill, and the Government hit upon the happy idea of ap pointing sufficient new hiembers to pass tho measure. Twenty-one were named, and Mr. Robertson, it is said, made the an nouncement to the president, Sir Wm. West brook Burton, who bad resigned his judge ship in India aud returned to the colony. On taking tho chair the President informed i the House what had taken place, adding that he considered .himself dishonored in ; the manner in which the announcement of the uew appointments had been made, and would not consent to hold office lunger, j He thereupon left the chair, when Captain ! 'Bobby' Towns, addressing the Opposi tion, exclaimed: 'Follow your leader, lads !' The nineteen sitting in Opposition left the Chamber, and next day resigned their seats in a bodj\ The Legislative Council was only appointed for five years, nnd may be said to have been upon its deathbed, but tho members property com mitted the happy despatch. After administering the Government for over six years, Sir Julm Young left for England on Christmas Eve, . 1SG7, per K.M.S. Gcolong, amidst tbe good wishes of all chisscs of the colonists. Previous to his departure he was presented with a service of j plate, and £300 subscribed for his portrait j in oils. On arrival in England lie war- j appointed Governor-General of Canada, ; which position he occupicd for four years. ( On agaiu returning to England lie was ; created a member of the House of Lords, j with the title of Baron Lisgar. He died i October J4. 1870. His widow married Sir : Francis Turville, who had been Sir John Young's private secretary during his j Government in New South Wales. I From the departure of Sir Johu Young j until January 7, 1S0S, the Commander of the Forces, Major- GcneralSir Trevor Chute, a short, stout Irishman from Kerry, and known in the Army as the u Kerry Bull,' administered the Government. The Unlucky Number, the Thirteenth Governor— Enxl Be'more an Irish Peer The First Member of the House of Lords Sent to Australia— An Irish Cockney —The Eimburgh-O'Farrell Episode The Carandini Sisters— An Exclu sive 'Visiting ? List — The Earl's- ? Irish Estates — Nursing the Same — Earl Belmore as a Kltclien Gardener — His G^ced for Gold— A Day's Wages Cieimed -Leaves jn the Sobraon — Un wept, Unhonored and Unsung-The Chief Justice, Sir Alfred i SLcphen, Assumes I the Government ' The thirteenth Governor was Somerset I Richard Lowrv Coivv, fourth EARL OF BELMORE, who assumed otficc January 8, 1 80S. The j Earl may be considered an Irish-Coekney, j having been born within the sound of Bow ' Bells in 1835. He was educated at Caui- ' bridge, at which University in 1856 he ? received the honorary degree of M.A. j During the same y^ar lie was appointed a j Deputy-Lieutenant for Tyrone, and in the i 3'ear following was elected® representative } peer of-Irelaud. Earl Bulmoro married, in . 1861, a daughter of Sir John Gladstone, a neice of W. E. Gladstone, which may ac count for Earl Belmore's preferment, al though he is a Tory. In 38GG he was appointed Under-Secretary for the Home Department, in theMinistry of Earl Derby. During his residence in Sydney no political complications occurred calling for the dis play of any talents which the governor pos sessedr-if he did possess any. The trend of Earl Belmore's thought was in the direction of the goody-goody. He gave his support to all objects which tended to the social im provement of tho people, his presence at. public meetings of most of the benevolent and religious sooiotiee, and personally en quired into the state of the penal establish ments, hospitals, asylums and edueatieaal institutions^ ^ ^ During his term of governorship the un fortunate Edinburgh-O'Farreli incident oc curred. After a lapse of 30 years it is safe to say that if we had had cable communication with England, at the time, O'Farrell weuld not have been executed. Karl-Belmore, like many others, was scared by the Kiama ghost, raised bj' Parkes. The hanging of O'Farrell was only in keeping with the old policy of Botany Bay, when the sanity or Otherwise of a prisoner was never inquired into. Thirty years ago in many Australian colonies, (iovcramentMedJcal Utncers never went 'agin the Government,' when it caiue to a question of sanity in a capital case. Things have chauced for the better since thou thank God J By degrees we are wiping out the Botany Bay birthstain and all its hideous memories. . ' * ' * * Earl Belmore was the first peer sent out to govern in Australia. In dometic life be was all that could be desired. The visiting list at Government House was a limited one and very select, as the incident* of the Carandini sisters and the Duke of Edin burgh proves. It is .said that Earl Belmore came to New* South Wales while his Irish estates were being nursed. If it were so he must have succeeded in lifting the mortgage, as he remained in the colony only four years', and has not bad any political appoint ment siuce. He is said to have been so keen after the shekels that he grew vegetables in the Government grounds in Moss Vale, and sold them in the Sydsey markets. As an, instance of his keen scent in money matters a closing incident in his Australian career may be mentioned. He had taken his passage for England in the Sobraon, now the training ship. The vessel was detained one day over tho advertised time; she lay out in the stream waiting a fair wind, with Belmore and family on board, but His Care ful Excellency, claimed end \ms paid an extra days wages, £19 3s S£d, or something like that sum. ThiB is no fiction, the colonial papers got hold of the fact, and slated the Irish Earl for his meanness. * » * Earl Belmore left on February 22, 1872, and was suooeoded by 'Sir. Alfred Stephen, Chief Justice, who became the administra tor of the Government, the Imperial troops having left the colony. Sir Alfred Stephen i hold office until Juno 2nd, 1872, , when he I made way for another Irishman, Sir i Hlft-cules Robinson. 