ADELAIDE DEMOCRATIC CLUB. "DIET AND DEMOCRACY: THE MESSAGE OF THE TWENTIETH CENTURY." Br Mb. J. Newton-Wood. The heavy downpour of rain last Sunday evening no doubt militated against a large attendance at the usual Sunday evening lecture, but a fair number braved the elements and were well rewarded by hear ing a capital lecture delivered in a cultured as well as an impressive manner by Mr. J. Newton-Wood. The president (Mr. T\ Staple ton) occupied the chair, and briefly introduced the lecturer, who was well re ceived. He prefaced his remarks by saying that he could not attempt any exhaustive treatment of his subject in a single evening, as it was too big. He would follow the spirit of the coming age already looming upon us, the teachings of which would reach the mind by electric flash rather than by the old process of the birch rod. By seemingly miraculous ways wondrous light had been given us, by X rays, for instance, of which the world had not hitherto dreamed. But yet it had existed ; it-had only been hidden from us. " Let there be light." The thought and purpose of yester day were dwarfed in the greater thought and nobler purpose of to-day, and these were in their turn but stepping-places for the realization of to-morrow. Tennyson said :— Tet I doubt not through the ages one increasing purpose runs, And the thoughts of men are widened with the process of the suns ; Not in vain the distance beacons—forward, forward, It t us range ! Let the great world spin for ever down the ringing grooves of change. Men with souls were never afraid of change. The only thing men needed to fear was that crass consistency, so-called, that would chain them down to old thoughts and old ways while they ought to be moving with the world as it got nearer to God—that is, to Good ! It was worthy to notice that by putting an additional vowel—O—into the word God we should get a moie practical and spiritual realization of the ideal, " There is one Good—that is God. There is one God—that is Good !" The question oft repeated, "Is life worth living?" had to be answered in the midst of changing con ditions, and briefly to-night he would lay down the proposition that it .lav absolutely first in diet, then in democracy. By diet he meant simply eating and drinking—what to eat and drink, and how to do it. By democracy, in its broadest sense, he meant self- government—demos, the people ; krates, to rule, to govern ; collectively, government by the people; individually, self-govern ment, home rule. There was one thing we all knew, we were alive, and we all understood too little about the life we led. The life we led individually and that as we saw it collectively in coon tries and nations was undoubtedly ruled by changeless laws which could be readily understood by careful and well-directed study. As a good basis for such a study we should try to get some definite idea as to what is life. What was this life which was nurtured and sustained by the process of eating and drinking ? What was man himself in whom that life was enshrined ? For the present purpose it would be enough to describe it as a great creative principle that had inged its way down through millions of years, and always upward in progressive form, through the mineral, vegetable, and animal kingdoms, until we found it expressed throughout the world. This life, which we fondly said had reached its highest expres sion in man, was here amongst us, and everyone present was an illustration of life. " Man, know thyself." But in accepting the expression that man is the highest expression of life we had to remember that he is as yet only in his beginnings, and that qualification made a great difference in the proposition, and would make the thoughtful come to the conclusion that democracy had yet a great work before it. The Rev. Mr. Hopcraft, at one of his Sunday evening lectures, speaking of the social ideal, always existing, ever-widening, and reaching higher and higher, said that "when fully realized it would make men kings upon earth." But, as he reminded his hearers, all ancient nations had pictured their fabled paradise or ideal, out of which they had been driven. The Hebrews had their lost paradise; Hesiod sang the Grecian paradise lost; the Latins had a similar tradition ; and to-day, if we are to believe pulpit utterances, the world was getting worse and worse, and further away from the great ideal, the paradisaic condition in which Adam and Eve lived without work, clothes, pain, or sin. A paradise lost and to be regained had ever been an accommo dating way of picturing the great social ideal •which had been, and would ever be, the crown and glory of the world's de mocracy. Said a great thinker :—" What Rousseau, under the name of the State of Nature, and the old poets by the title of the Golden Age, place behind us, lies actually before us. It is a phenomenon of frequent occurrence, particularly in past ages, that what we shall become is pictured by something which we already have been, and that what we have to obtain is repre sented as something which we have formerly lost." So we found that this burning desire inherent in mankind after the ideal Good, or God, dropped into the easy but dis honorable method of placing its ideal behind it as a lost thing—finding it easier to clothe it with every desirable quality, but always with the redemptive idea that some time some miraculous power would bring the same state of things about again. It was not for him to say how far democracy was on the road of recognition to-day of the fact that so-called miracles were simply effects produced by the working of natural laws not as yet understood. By the time this was understood we should find first that there was nothing outside God; second, that theie was nothing outside nature ; and third, that there was nothing outside man. Ideals exist to be realized, and are con tinually being realized, and would be fully realized—every one of them. That fact— the fact of their ultimate realization—is the only apology for their existence ; and every ideal the world has ever known sprang straight frem the heart of the world's democracy. Here in the vestibule of the twentieth century, as another great epoch of time is about to be unrolled before us, let democracy forsake once and for all her grovelling attitude at the foot of the world's cross. Her ideal has been stretched there upon the cross, a thing of humiliation and of shame, long enough. Surely the nails of serfdom, and. slavery, and paltry wage earning had filled their fill of agony and done their work ! Surely the spear-thrust of competition had tortured enough ? Surely the bitter cry of utter forsakenness, that rose louder and louder, from greater and greater masses of people, sounded loudly enough in our ears at last! Why not give up this ghost of an ideal? It had been realized in utter humiliation long ago, had it not?—realized to the last prick of the cruel crown which the church had ever placed in mockery on the heads of the world's millions, deluding them into the belief that they might purchase the bliss of heaven by suffering the tortures of hell here as bondservants and slaves to the world's greed and selfishness. Why not give it up ? Let democracy raise her eyes at last, and with a greater hope within her recognise a loftier ideal in an enthronement of power which would give the people ease and affluence in exchange for suffering and poverty, a life really worth the living, joy instead of sorrow. This could be done by studying and fulfilling the laws of nature, because God and nature were one. Demo cracy takes the laws of nature, writes them down as the laws of God, declares them to be good, and swears allegiance to them. The message of the twentieth century was the co-ordination of the three planes of life, the body, mind, and spirit—the welding in the mind of man of physical law as illus trated by scientific research to spiritual law, as illustrated in religious consciousness all the world over. The twain which God has joined together man had everlastingly thrust asunder, and in that unnatural divorce the church, so-called, had ever been and is still the greatest offender. It was for the new democracy to tear to pieces the ghastly fiction of "the world, the flesh, and the devil," to demonstrate that the world is the habitation of the living God, and to teach Christendom that there is no devil but the bogey set up to terrorise the people to make a market of heaven. The time was coming, nay, was now, when the material and the spiritual would clasp hands, but who should be the priest that would tie the knot between God and nature, between religion and science ? The priest was that mighty power of mind and energy revealing itself in what is known as mental science—a power that would stand confessed of all men as the law that bound together * pirit and matter and made them one for ever. The moral was, don't be afraid of the new lines of thought known as mental science. Let democracy look at it as at everything else, square in the face, and be prepared to accept the truth from what ever quarter it came. Did they watch the signs of the times? Wireless* telegraphy had made wonderful stiides during the last few months, and was still under the process of development. The discovery of X rays startled us, but now it had been discovered that rays of light emanated from the human body by which thought-pictures were im pressed and developed on sensitised plates. All these scientific demonstrations proved that physical science was developing into the higher reaches of mental science, which would in turn rise to the still higher plane of spiritual science. The moral was there fore once more, don't be afraid of spiritual research any more than you are of physical or mental research. Let the democracy study it well out and be bold to accept the truth in whatever plane of life it presented itself. He would not stay to argue the obvious fact that spirituality of life must mean immortality of life, but it n ust be remembered that he did not for a moment take for granted the necessity of believing in any one of the world's bibles or priests. He simply appealed to the spirit which lived and moved deep down in the silence of every man's life. Having gone so far there was no necessity to be afraid of the diet question. The life of which he had been speaking absolutely depends for existence on eating and drinking, which were processes wonderful in them selves, and carried such wonderful results that it might perhaps have more meaning than had been dreamt of in the world's philosophy. The physical operations of eating and drinking extended into the spiritual world of man's being, and continued to operate on the mental, physical, and spiritual planes. It would be seen that in the common law the beggarly elements of eating and drinking were placed in the hands of man as the lever of bis own destiny, and it was largely in his own choice to make himself through them what he would. In that splendid allegory " The Genesis" there was a certain intuitive perception that the eating of different fruits would produce different effects in him who ate, even to the highest of all forms of differentiation—that of good from evil. Were we not alive in our own consciousness to the fact that a pure diet from the produce of our orchards and gardens would build up a sound mind in a sound body, governed by a pure spirit; while a diet of dead animal bodies must of necessity minister more or less to corruption and death ! If one would really live he should eat to live. Nature told us what it is to live. She met us on the broad planes of life, and told us that she has food to minis ter to the wants of all. She tells us how to eat so as to live free from disease, to build up the brain and mental machinery to any standard of power. Mr. A. F. Hills, an acknowledged authority on food reform, said :—" There is a power of vital accumulation which is the very opposite of systematic stimulation. There is a vital food, which is possessed of the potency of life. Fruit, grain, and nuts are pregnant with vitality. Every seed, in its pristine vigor, is a little fountain of life. Plant it in the ground, give the organism its proper environment, find for the germ its specific nidus, and it will grow. Cook it, boil it, bake it, expose it to the action of fire, and the vital essence is dissipated in tenue-s auras." These are great thoughts. How do they come to us? They come through channels of our being cleansed and purified by that plain living which induces high thinking, and which lifts the soul into the spiritual verities of life. They come to us on the wings of consecrated thought \ the; come to us as argosies borne in on the seas of the soul—those great seas—those wonderful seas, where deep calls unto deep, and over which the wind bloweth as it listeth, and we hear the sound thereof, but cannot tell whence it cometh or whither it goeth. So is every one that is born of the spirit of Life. And unless a man is of this spirit he can have no real conception of the kingdom within him ; can know little of this three-fold kingdom of body, mind, and spirit, with all its wisdom, its power, and its glory. Diet, then, lay right down in the root work of the principles of life. Nature taught us that the grand secret of right living lay in obedience to her laws, which while entailing suffering on those who disobeyed, held out a sure and certain pledge of success to all who obeyed them. The laws of nature were for ever vivified by the love of God ; and He who made man and who ordained for him this splendid service of law also made it easy for him to obey, and strewed the path of right living with blessings more than could be numbered. Nothing could be more revolting than the present wholesale slaughter of innocent animals for purposes of food, and the time was fast approaching when it would be recognised as the main source of the majority of man's diseases and troubles. When man turned from his slaughtering and flesh-eating practices and lifted up his eyes to the luscious fruits all around him, the fields white to harvest, and the products of the earth in rich abundance, he would discern those kinds of food which would provide him with the best conditions of life. Thus diet and democracy wisely wedded meant that a man would begin from the very first to realize his own true dignity ; as he rose from the sensual to the higher planes of thought and feeling the marvellous fact of his life would be unfolded more fully to view. The higher aspects of life became self-evident to the man who was true to its principles that he found that what was begun in eating and drinking was perfected in the moral and spiritual unfoldiogs of his being. The lecturer concluded by reading the following lines, which were composed by a lady in the audience :— What are you waiting for, oh, brave world, With eye alight and outstretched hand ? What have j ou waited for all the years, That seemeth but now within command ? Or why the glad lighting of e? es that see, The ringing tones in the voice that calls On all ears to hear the soft melody That inspires your heart and your ear enthrals? What is it that comes from out the silence Of dark dead years into growing life ? I cannot hear for the cries of nations— I cannot hear 'mid the daily strife ! Is it new wealth like the grand full substance Of the shadow we've held so long—so long, With empty arms and unsatisfied longing, And hearts abased with its utter wrong ? Is it rest and ease for the toil stained worker, A breaking of bands that have grown too small? Is it strength and health to the fainting sufferer— Dominion o'er ills that so heavily fall ? Is it peace to the heart that aches with longing ? Can rich and poor alike answer its call ? Oh, say, great world, is it freedom bringing, Is it life, is it love, for all—for all ? Oh, come, new Healtfc, we are full of sickness— Come, Strength, for we faint and weakly lie— Come. Rest, for toil tortures beyond endurance, And the masses need thee—come nigh,come nigh! And Peace—the classes need thee as fully— And Love—that man to man may be bound— . A nd Sight, that our darkness shall vanish wholly— Come Life—new Life—let thy joy resound ! The light breaks fast—I can see its glimmer In widening circles on every hand; I can feel the thrilling of pulses wakening To a fuller life and and a higher stand! I know—and oh, brothers, know it with me— That here and now we full freedom hold, And life that is life to us, strength that is greatest, And wealth that is richer than any gold * That ours is the power to cry " We conquer!" The power to make and mould our fate— To rise above serfdom, and know our empire Close, close to our hand does our coming wait! Oh, brother, arise ! Hearken! See! thy manhood Is claiming thy service to raise this light, And show unto men their own upliftment— The road to Equity, Peace, and Bight! An animated discussion followed the lecture, and Mr. Newton-Wood was accorded a hearty vote of thanks. 