C03VE3PX.ETE5 STORY. [pUHLialED BY SPECIAL AnElXOEJIEIT.] A. CLARKE LITTLE. [cOrVBIOlIT.] m mk \ ■ HE dear ring iug note of the charge sound* cd, and stride by stride the paceincreasea, as twelve hun dred men and horses swept forward, irre sistible ita an avalanche. Thirst and fatigue fur gotten, shot and shell sing ing overhead, or throwing Hp volcanoes of saml in front, and ploughing through the ranks dis regarded. A glow of wild enthusiasm, only to be felt on the battlefield, stirred the heart, and lit the eye of every man, as the steed he bestrode caught the spirit of its rider, pricked its ears, and neighed in response* to the cheer that went up from every throat. A ringing cheer, so different from that of other natio yet indescribable, sonorous, and prolonged. A sound once heard, never forgotten; the hat tlccrv of men who will do or die. Leading his squadron, well to the front of the firsL line, rode Captain Seagravc, perforce of circumstances rather than by inclination, and wishing himself well out of it. Suddenly his horse gave one wild plunge, then fell to earth, the rider with it, stunned by the shock. 'JTho brigade pas>*c*d over them. Slowly consciousness returned, and tlie captain with difficulty freed Inm^elf ftvm the. body of his hor*e, and struggled to feet; relieved to find himself uninjured, save for a sprained ankle, but braised and shaken. How long lie had lain unconscious he knew not. The din of battle eantc faintly from the distance. A thick cloud of dust, raised by the cbargiug cavalry, liuug heavily in the air, and might have hung so for hours, un moved by a breath of wind, obscuring every thing. Heedless of the cries of a wounded soldier, less fortunate th&n; himself, who lay beneath a horse that rolled iu death's agony, he turned his steps towards the British camp. As he limped painfully along through the burning sand liis head cleared, and he began to remember events preceding his fall. Pausing a moment, ho drew a letter from his pocket, and read it carefully through. An evil smile of snfi>fucticn lit his cruel hand some face the while. He had received that letter early in the day, and barely glanced at it before going into acti«m. It told him clearly that he had succeeded to a title aud a vast fortune, to which he hud fancied his chance was hut remote. This man had not the redeeming virtue of bravery possessed by inauy a villain, so the war was not to his taste. He had only come out with this regiment into which he had just exchanged, as a lust refuge from duns and other troubles. Now he could go home with safety, and, thanks to his spill, with honour even; wounded in action, his horse shot under him, a hero I Regardless of time and place, he continued his journey for hours,' absorbed in the con templation of a brilliant future, building castles in the air, till fatigue brought his wandering thoughts back to the present, and the desert. He looked at his watch, and saw that it was evening. The cloud of dust no longer veiled his visiou, aud the sounds ot strife had ceased. There was not a sign of the camp, and as his eyes wandered over the wide expanse of lifeless desert he could not recognise a single landmark that might guide j him. I For a time he stood bewildered and irreso-1 lute, then his eye3 rested on an object in the sand, and he was irresistibly drawn towards it. It was bis own horse, just as lie had left it hours before. No, not as he had left it, the saddle and bridle were gone! Then, for the first time that day ho thought of the wounded soldier who had cried To him for "help, aud he turned to the spot where man and horse bad-rolled, but the rider was gone, aud the horse lay dead. "With an impatient curs? ho kicked the noble animal that had borne so brave a part in tho battle that day, and sank upon the sand beside it, overwhelmed with consternation as he slowly realised his position. He had tramped the desert for weary hours, only to return, exhausted, to tho very spot from which lie had started. Meanwhile, a fatigue party had been out to 'look after the wounded. What had been the issno of tho battle lie could not tell, and the British army might bo moving he knew not whither. Probably he was reported misting by this time. At this very moment tho newspaper boys might be shouting in Piccadilly; " Great battle in tho Desert, list of killed aud wounded. An officer missing." Often had such cries fallen unheeded 011 Ida ears ; now. ho felt their significance. His young brother probably knew now that he wan lost, and was already congratulating himself on the prospects of a title and afortuue. Cnrsc that young brother, how he hated liirn, and lie dug his heel in the sand, forgetful of his injured foot. A sharp cry burst from his lip»t us a spasm of pain shot through him, ' anil brought his thoughts once more to the desert. | The instinct of sclf-prescrvatiou is strong. 1 and exhausted as he was, he struggled to his feet. Night was coming on apace. Half the i sun was already below the horizon. i There, away in the distance, standing out | clearly against the dazzling light of the west was an object, the very sight of which put | new life iuto him. A rocky hillock, topped ] \- ..-Hi! with a stunted palm-tree, broke the sky line. He had been long enough in the desert to ' know that this indicated water. There at1 least was one of the elements necessary to his ! salvation, for he was now suffering acutely! from thirst, uud he hurried as beat he could ! towards it. I It was a long and painful journey, for dis- ! tance is deceptive in the desert. The sun had \ disappeared, and the stars were shining j brightly from tlio blue vault of heaven by I the time he reached the hill. Then a fear seized him that (he rocks might conceal a foe, draxvn there like him.seli by the want of water. \ cry cautiously, with a hand on Lis revolver, he .scrambled up. but the place was deserted. At hist he stood upon the summit, and a liny pool of water in *tho hollow below gladdened his eyes. A moment after a cry of despair broke from him, for on the surface floated the dead and .swollen body of a camel, oust there by (he Dervishes on abandoning: the well, and a horri.l stench filled the air. Full of rage and disgust, he threw himself upon a rook, too exhausted for further effort. Hour after hour he sat, his head between j his hands, and a wild chaos of fear and des- i pair in his heart. Bitterly he cursed the im- ! petuous folly that had led him wandering in ! the howling wilderness alone, further and I further from help. Why had ho not stood by his wounded comrade f By now he would at least have been safe, perhaps even on his wav uome to actually inhabit those glorious castles in the air his fancy had, only a few hours ago, been busy building. The cup of happiness which had been his that morning iva« snatched from his Hps. lie was lost, hopelessly lost. Alone in the desert, and unable to walk, he would die :i lingering death, from starvation or thirst. Worse than that, perhaps ho might fall into the hands of the enemy and be tortured to death. The wildest outburst of potion is limited however by the power of human endurance. | As exhaustion grew upon him lie became j cahncr. Then, as despairing men will do. i when they have made their last effort, and the futurcscems blotted out, he fell to thinkiu; of the past. It was a bad past, full of heartless deeds and acts of cruel selfishness, with not a smgh redeeming point that passed in review befor« his weary brain that night. Of the many episodes forgotten ar.d thrust aside wa3 one which haunted him. It was only one out of many equally discreditable, yet every detail stood out as clearly as if it had only happened yesterday. How well he remembered the first time he saw her, a happy rustic beauty, the joy of her old father, and the pride of George Staeoy. the young farmer to whom she was engaged. It was iwo years ago, on just such a starlit evening as this that he had met the pair loiter ing as lovers will in a country lane, happy in their simple war, the whole world to one another. Struck with her beauty lie soon discovered that she was tlie^piniebecpc-r's daughter. As a gentleman from the Hall, ic was not un natural that he should speak to her when they met. These meetings became more I liequent, and casual remarks developed into i long conversations. Young ar.d unschooled j in the ways of the world, she was attracted. I The handsome soldiers gay talk of a world unknown to her amused her, and his flattery turned her silly head. The young fanner had not been blind to what was going on, and had remonstrated with her kindly enough, but with a woman's love of coquetry she had laughed and fanned the growing florae of jealousy. Then Stacey had spokon to him in a straightforward, inanly way, pleading for his "one ewe lamb," but he had sneered at him and bade him mind his owii affairs. A quarrel followed, a lovers* quarrel, that would have passed like a summer shower but for his vile scheming. After that thoy had met more frequently, the girl in open defiance of her lover's wish. How distinctly the smallest detail of that heartless intrigue came back to him to-night. 1 Day by day he had sneered at her rustic lover, j uutil the foolish girl began to wonder what | she hail ever seen in him. He talked to her I of the brilliant world in which she was born to shino, till she was mad to enter it. It was the old, old story, a vain foolish girl and a 1 scheming villain, which terminated iu the : usual way. Promises made, without the remotest idea of their being kept. Persuasion 1 prevailed, and the hapless girl fled with him. I A few weeks anil lie had tired of her. Jlhe new world proved bat a gilded cage, in which she fretted away her iroo;I looks, ever vainly imploring him to fulfil his promise. Weary of her importunity and angered at her altered looks, he left her suddenly to shift for herself. "What had become of her he neither thought nor oared. One woman more or less was nothing to lam. For happy lives mined and homes made desolate he eared less. _ It was stramre, lie thousrlit. that his mind should go back'to the forgotten episode this ni-'ht. So vividly did he recall every detail that lie even seemed to hear tho girl's piteous voice iuherlnst hcartbreakingappcal. Krive ••s lie wonld ho couhl not think of other things. At intervals he slept n restless sleep, hut sleeping or waking, tho ghost 01 tho past haunted him. ,, . I From one of these intervals of troubled i sleep he woke with a start. Instinct told him that ho was no longer alone, and a | strange feeling of approaching danger warned j [him. In an instant he was wide awake, and on the alert. • The moon had risen whilst he slept, and a ladder of light stretched down from it to where he stood. Moviug towards him across the desert came a mounted figure that seemed to travel this path of light. Slowly and | noi>eies>iy it approached. Whether it were ! friend or foe, riding horse or camel, ho could I not toll. He enly kne^ that it was coining ; steadily, us with a fixed purpose, towards | him, silent and ghost-like, from the darkness i of the desert. j Some wandering Bedouin coming to the i well for water, ho thought. No English j soldier would be so far from the army alone ! at night. Perhaps he had not yet been seen. ! He would crawl round to the other side of I the hillock, and wait the development of ! events. [ Stilr from his adventures of the day before, j and crumped from sitting so long in one ! position, it was only with great difficulty | that he dragged himself slowly along. A> he crawled painfully on hands and knees, casting frequent fearful glances over his shoulder, the figure approached rapidly. Now he could see that it was a horse that , was ridden : as to the rider he was as yet : none the wiser. Suddenly a sound, faint and distant, j .-truck his ear. and he paused to listen. As the horseman drew nearer the sound in ; creased, and he recognised the unmistakable clink of a cavalryman's accoutrements. Could it be possible that the riuer was a British soldier. lost like himself? His heart liotmded within him at the thought, only to sink again as he realised the improbability, of this. More than likely it was a foe who had found the horse. Triend or foe he was approaching rapidly, and a short time would decide. Concealment was out of the ques tion, if indeed he had not already been seen. Grasping his revolver, Seagrave waited in j an agony of suspense. With anxious eyes ; he scanned the horseman from head to foot, i hoping to discover something in his dress or equipment that might reveal his identity. * He carried a spear, but that did not prove j hiaj an enemy, for some of the English cavalry had adopted the native weapon. He : was bare-headed—then lie must be a native.: But what were those glittering points at his heels? Spurs, surely! And rise broad white strap across the body from shoulder to, waist? The Juversack band of course. Yes ! ■ ihauk God. it was a British soldier, armed and equipped, but without :t helmet. One of his own regiment, too I He could even see that now, and he shouted for joy. Iu another moment the soldier baited in front of him, and Seagrave looked into the face of the man he had left wounded the morning before. 1'or a time officer and man stood looking at each other. The captain felt decidedly un comfortable, there was a wild look in the soldier's eye, and his bearing was insubor dinate, not to say insolent. Lane, for that was the soldier's name, had not been long in the regiment. A* a soldier lie was irreproachable, smart, and intelligent. With his comrades, however, he was not popular. He had not their lightheadedness, unsociable, and uncommunicative. Thc-s qualities, combined with an air of gloom which he habitually wore, led to the supposi tion that ho was u man with a past, and he was avoided. Seagrave was the first lo speak, "but in a toue very different to the sharp, bullying one he generally used to his men. "Well, my man," he faltered, i' I am glad to see you. I have lost my way, but between u?, and with the belp of the horse, we ought to manage to get back to the camp." He thought it bo.sfc to forget the incident of the morning, and hoped that the other would dp the same. The soldier sat still upon his horse, and it was long before he spoke, but when he did his voice was thick and trembled with emotion. "I also am glad to see yon," he replied. " It is a loug account we two have to settle, and here, alone, with God as witness, we can settle it." ' This was a startliug speech, and a look of ; deadly hatred settled on the man's face as he j made'it. He was dangerous, perhaps mad, the captain thought, he must bo humoured for the present, i'lenty of time to knock the check out of him once they were safe in camp, and he adopted a conciliatory tone with a poor attempt at feeling at his ' Quite right, iny man, I shall be deeply vili t indebted to you and will reward you liberaily when wo get back to the camp." j "Reward me!" cried the other. "You; cannot. Can you give back the past? Can ! you restore happiness to ruined lives ? Can j you bring the dead to life ? It is not reward , that I seek, but vengeance. It is for this I that I have waited and watched, and now my ! hoar has come. Murderer! Blackguard!" and he sprang to. the ground, his looks j threatening and determined. 41 What, you dare to threaten mo, an othecr, i you mutinous insolent do:*' r** shouted the , captain, no;v thoroughly alarmed. u Do yon know what you arc doing? * Do you know that I can have you shot ?" Then assuming a persuasive tone, *' What nonsense it is you aro talking — of vengeance and tho dead. Uome, let "us have no more of this, but be olf." And he moved towards the horse, but the «o!»lier thrust him back. "Nonsense!" he cried. "Your memory is short, but listen and I will tell you. 2fy story is long, lot us sit." They sealed themselves, each on a reek, facing each other, and the soldier began in a calmer toao: 44 Not so long ago that it cannot be remem bered, there lived, far away from here, a happy country lad and las3. They were happy because they were content, and the crowning joy of their happiness was their love for one another. They were to be married. The youth was a small tenant farmer, and never Hid a fanner work more cheerily, from sunrise to sundown : whistling and singing at his work, as each furrow turned, and each load of hay stacked brought him nearer to the girl that he loved. She was the light of her old father s life and a ray of sunshine to all who knew her. Ah ! she was one to work for and be proud of. Never were lovers happtt-c.' L'erhaps they wore too happy, and so were punished. *• Time went on, and a small cloud arose, stranger came, and circumstances often threw the girl across his path. Anxious at this, tor the stranger was a man of evil repute, the lover spoke to her (for she was too innocent to see danger herself) of the risk she ran from slandering tongues*, in associating with such a man. She laughed at his fears groundle.-s, and teased him for hi< jealou Then the anxious lover spoke to the strung He spoke respectfully and honestly, for the stranger was a gentieman, and he but a small farmer. The stranger sneered, called him a bumpkin, and told him to mind his c business. "The serpent had entered the- paradise, and day by day ;u> the farmer toiled it whisper--! temptation into the ears of its victim. .She grew dUs-aTisfi.'d with her lot, and at last fled with the villain who promised to marry her. 44 The e:ip*ai:» soon grew tired of his new tor, and threw her aside as lightly as the end of a cigar, Meanwhile her father died of a broken heart. " I followed them to London, for X loved her, and would have married her even the Ah, you start! You never recognised Lane, the smart trooper of the Dragoons, the bumpkin tanner, John Stacey, you once sneered at. 44 But to continue my story. Tor weeks X sought them in vain. At last I found her, leading the life of an outcast on the streets of London. Left penniless, and ashamed to return home, hardship and misery were fast claiming the ill- starred life. A fortnight after I found her we laid her beside her father, .under the shadow of the old church at ; home." I The soldier paused for a moment, his voice : choked with emotion. When he spoke again i it was hard and Arm. I 44 As the earth closed over Ruth's grave I ; knelt and vowed to Heaven that 1 would ; dovote my life to one object. That wis, to . follow you, if need be to the ends of the earth, and with my own hand to take your life, for the life of the girl you more than murdered. 44 A stab with a knife, cr a shot from ; pistol might have done this at any time, bu it was not ray intention to do the work of j common assassin. To eorapleteinr vengeance I determined to see you die, knowing why you hnd to die, and who killed you. 441 joined your regiment under au assumed name, thinking that the chances of a soldier's life would give me the opportunity that I sought. Many a time have I teen tempted to slay you, but, "day by day, I have stayed in; band, believing that the hour I hoped anci prayed for would come. It has come at las:: the hour of full retribution. '•Had you but known this yesterday, when you left me helpless under my horse, how easily you might have turned the tables. Fate has ordered it otherwise, and has brought me here to you. "All yesterday I wandered in the desert, tor I freed myself from my horse, and found another. As night came on I reached a well of good water, and determined to rest there. I slept, and uveamed. ns I have often dreamed, of the p;ut, and of ray dead love. Then my dream changed, and again I was riding in the desert searching for ray enemy. All day 1 rode, and the sun went down. Darkness covered the dossrt, still I rode on and the stars ciuuc out. There was one bright star, larger and brighter than any of the others, and to this I .steered, riding straight towards it. As I rode I came to a small hill where there were many rocks. At the foot of oi of the rocks lay a mau asleep, and as I look upon his face I saw that it was the man I sought. Then I awoke. • '• The stars seemed to fill the heavens; but there was one larger and brigliter than the others. There it sparkled and shone just as I had seen it in my dream, and seemed to beckon ma towards it. I mounted my horse and rode again, for I knew then that the hour for which I had lived and prayed had almost coiue. Soou a small rock-stre wn hill, with a stunted tree on the summit, appeared. It was the bill of my dream, and here, at its base, I And the object of my search." Conscience-stricken * and terrifled, the captain's hear: stuk within him as the soldier spoke. All hope of mercy left him as he looked into the relentless eyes that seemed to burn into his very soul, and he shitted his glance uneasily. The suspense of the long silence which followed became intolerable. 44 Weil, what do you propose to doY'he asked, with all the calmness he conld assume. "Do! Fight you to the death ! Kill yon, inch by inch. T'ou are a soldier, and you have a sword. Draw it and defend yonrselr, 1 or I slioot voa like a dog." And the soldier j drew his sword. 44 Tliat is impossible! I cannot stand—my foot is injured ; I am wounded.'7 44 Liar and coward! You must die a dog* death ihon !" hissed the soldier, as he sheathed I his sword and took his carbine from the saddle. I 44 Wait I Not yet." cried the officer, wild with fear, and determined to make one appeal. "I have something to tell you: something that I cannot tell you when I am dead.'* 441 will give you time to confess, if there is any crime that you can atone for before you die. See! The sun will rise soon : the sky is bright in the east, and the stars are dim. The first glimpse of the sun shall he the signal for your death, and may God have mercy on you." Long and earnestly the miserable man pleaded for his life. He urged his deep contrition for the evil doae^ and offered any sum of money the soldier might name, as well as silence, if he would spare him. What would be the good of vengcauce ? he asked. Would it not be better to fro through life a rich man than poor ? And haunted bj the shadow uf a eold-blcodcd murder—the murder of a wounded and helpless man. Was not his humiliatiorj sufficient vengeance? Staeer sat unmoved, even smiling a£ his agonj. Then, raving and swearing, he called down curses on ids tormentor. If he could but distract his attention for a mcment, ho thought, he might shoot him with the revo! he still carried. I»ut the soldier read his thoughts, and kept a watchful eye upon Lis victim, as he held his carbine ready. rcauy. Day was coming :m apace, brighter brighter grew the tad. One by one the stars disappeared. The little sand- martin* were twittering among the rocks, and the two men east long, ghostlike shadows across the sand Only a few minutes new, and the sun would be up—the last sur. that Seagrave would ever sec, perhaps. Wild with terror he threw himself at the tcldier's feet, and grovelled in the dust, weeping. praying, and begging for mere}-, in wild" incoherent word-*. Kicked and spurned, heat last rose, exhausted, and cast himself on a rock to wait the end. Both m«>n were silent now. watchmir the glowing east; two ghastly* objects seen in the gray light of dawn, thtir uniforms torn and soiled with service, their faces distorted with pas-ton, more like devils than men. . So they sat, each deep in his own thought-, till in the mechanical, almost nnconS'-ioua way the soldier unstrapped his water bottle, and put it to his lip*. An involuntary gasp escaped the officer as ho heard the water, gurgling. He had drank nothing since the morning of yest-rdny. The soldi-ir heard tho gasp, and looked op. In a moment he had handed the bottle to his enemy, who drank greedily. It was a trifling incident, common enough on service, that passing of a water Lottie in silence, but it change! the whoha current of event®. The one little kindness, done by himself, did more to soften the hardened and revengeful man than all too | prayers and entreaties of his intended victim. A kindlier light crept into his eyes, and tha cruel lines slowly left his face. At length a tiny, disc of light cut the horizon. S.-agrave's eyes were fixed upon is : with a terrible fascination. Ail too quickly : it grew as he watched, clirabiug the heavens . inch by inch as it seemed, till at last the sun : shone fierce and radiant over the desert. Still the soldier sat motionless with eves thas looked into the distance, yet saw nothing. Too glad of the respite, Seagrave remained silent. Then, as he looked cautiously uc Staccy (fearing that even a glance would remind him of his purpose), be noticed the change of expression. 'Could it he possible, he wondered, that the man was relenting . even at the eleventh hour? And a gleam of hope catered his soul. He knew that he was absolutely at this man's mercy, aud that neither prayer nor bribery would move him. It w.is always with a beating heart that lie cast his stealthy irlances at bin:, while the ?:m rose higher in the heavens. an air of determination, ur.tl Seagrava trembled, for ho knew that the critical moment had arrived. Without a word ho moved to his horse and returned the carl-ins to*its bucket, then, leading the animal to where Seagrave sat, motioned him to mount," and helped him gently to the saddle. With a hand on the bridle he walked beside hiin, out into the desert. For som.* rime they marched thus in silence, then Scagrave ventured to question, *4 Wiioro are we going?" The man's voice was calm aud respectful when he answered, To fiud the army, sir, if possible." "How can we uo that? Do you know which direction to take?" " Yes. sir, 1 think we should go to the cast. Wc do that by watching the position of the sun, or the stars at night. At all events we shall get to the river, and stand a | good chance of meeting a patrol." That there was quite as much chance of meeting a party of the enemy both knew, hut neither referred to this fact. The journey was continued in silence. Seagrave could not understand the change in his eompauion. One thing, however, was certain, the man did net intend to kilt hira.: and that was a relief. But why this silence? If he meant extorting money, why did he not do so now, when he had him at his mercy ? What a foe! the fellow wits to let uis chances slip by like this! And the prospect of immediate danger past, the captaiu chuckled to himself. That a man should forgive his enemy, and even help him, he could not realise. He judged all men from his own selfish standpoint. Never hud he willingly done a kindiy action that caused him tho slightest inconvenience. He would not,^ had the position been reversed, have let his victim oil without extorting a good ronnd sum. They had travelled for some hours, the sun' was uear the zenith, and not a sign of friend or foo had they met. Still tho same boundless waste of sand stretched in every direction, not a single object broke the monotony. A feel ing of security grew upon Seagnive; the danger that had menaced hint.no linger existed, indeed the presence of his companion no*.v added to bis prospects of safety. The further they marched the more confi dent he became. With that revulsion of feeling, so charactrristis of the weak and cowardly, he was si* sanguine now as he had even full of terror and apprehension u littlo while before. Once more his mind was busy with the fu-ure ; now doubly attractive sinco it had been so nearly lost. Not a thought „ lud ho for the misery sown broadcast, so' forcibly brought Inme to hira the night before. Tho bright young girl and the old man lying side by side far away in tho; country churchyard wore forgotten. As to the soldier trampiiijf wearily bv his side whilst he rode his fn.rse. more tool he. But w.iit. Tills man had still to Ix reckoned with ; whilst lie IM^m would never be-..-. han- over lus head, ready to fall at anv moment. That he had abandoned his nnirderous purpose, and scorned the idea of compensation, Seagrave was certain. Still the wan would lie a thorn in his side, ana a constant source of anxiety; there knowing when he would ruke up the past, and make things unpleasant. This was n new aspect of the future, and the captain gave a long whistle as the idea struck him. " What is it, sir r" said the soldier, pausing and looking round. "Do you see anything?*' " Oh, no, nothing but sand," he answered, hurriedly, " my foot pains me, let us go on." "Perhaps if I unloose the lacc of your boot it might be easier, sir." Silence a^cnted. and renucriy as a woman ■ibe .soldier bent over the iujurca foot, undoing the lace with deft fingers. Watching him and wondering at the lightness of his touch, an evil inspiration came to fisea^ave. Why not rid himself of the tnau ? He no longer wanted his help, and progress was slow, one of them walking. He knew the way well enough now, aud could gee ulong much quicker by himself. "Dead men tell no tales." Hero were thev two alone : what would be easier than to shoot him as he stooped over his work of merer. As the idea grew upon him he cast his eye.* round the desert, half feanng that seme witness might have sprung from the Kind. Nothing met his searching gaze, not even a •cloud of dust. The same endless waste of !sand stretched around to where the sky seemed to meet and gird it with a circle of * blue. Stronger and .stronger the temptation grew, as the unconscious soldier still bent over his foot. Providence itself seemed to have sent this opportunity. It was murder he contemplated, but that did not trouble him : the man was.in his way, aud n;u>t go. No one would know how he died ; even if his "body were discovered he would be reported killed by the enemy. f Stealthily he drew his revolver, and pointed .it at the head bent beside him. How his hand shook. A little nearer if he wished to make quite certain of his aim! Now the muzzle was almost touching bis car. What a weight the trigger was. Would it never go off? He secraecl to be a lifetime as he pressed with all his might. Great God, supjwse the man looked up and caught him in the act! *A sharp report, a cloud of blue smoke and a reeling form. But, what was that he " looked upon as the smoke cleared away ? The man still lived, and grasped the bridle with both hands. As he sank on his knees "beside the horse, his erc-3, wide open, turned upwards to his murderer ; his mouth moving as if he would" speak, but uttering only inarticulate sounds, a ghastly hue of death on his face, and blood trickling down bis neck staining his coat, and falling iu great dark spots upon the sand. It is a fearful thing to look upon a dying foe, slain by one's own hand iu battle ; but what is that compared to watching tho death struggle of a murdered comrade, innocent and deeply wronged in life. An overwhelming aesiro to flee from the scene possessed the murderer. He tried to ehake the bridle free, bur the dying man held tight. Then, in wild frenzy he beat upon bis knncHes with the butt of his revolver, shout ing hoarse curses and imprecations, but the grip of tho dying fingers tighteued, and those wide staring eyes struck frenh terror into his craven soul. Would the man never die and leave him free to go on his way. Mad with terror and rage he fired shot after shot at bis helpless victim, till bis revolver was emptr, but without effect; his hand trembled so that the ballets sped harm lessly over the desert, and he threw the empty weapon after them iu disgust. Then with spur he plied the horse unmercifully, but the frightened animal only plunged and reared, while the death grip still hold tight. Must he sit there and watch the man die? Impossible! His brain reeled, at the very thought, and he sprang to the ground intent on leaving the spot. For a short distance he dragged himself across the sand, and sat down with his back to the scene to await the end. The man could not live long, he thought, aud when dead would relax his grip on the bridle, and leave him there to go on his way once more. From time to time he looked back with a shudder, hoping for some movement that would tell him that the end had come. Long he sat, and the sun was once more sinking"; etill the two figures remained motionless, the horse standing as if carved from stone, and the man crouching beside it. The fear of passing another night alone in the desert at 'length overcame his horror of returning to the scene of the tragedy. The man was dead; his open mouth seemed to form the word murderer, and his eyes looked unutterable reproach. His hand still grasped the hridle. "With averted head Sea grave shook it gently, but the dead fingers still held on. Then, with all his might he jerked and tugged, hut in vain. The grip of the dead was stronger than thatof the living.' Growing each moment more anxious h^ knelt, and tried to open the cold fingers. A chill ran through him as he touched them, hut for all his efforts not' oue atom did they relax. Then, iu desperation ho rose and struck tho horse with his sword, and probed it "with the point. The frightened animal pluuged and circled round him, draggiug the corpse in the sand. Still the dead field on in spite of man and horse. Had a judgment fallen on him ? Could it be possible that the murdered held in its dead. grasp the only means of escape that the murderer had? Without the horse Seagravo was lost, and he knew it. lamed, exhausted, and on foot he could not hope to reach assistance, and it I was not probable that assistance would come to him. Again in blind fury he cut and ihrnst at the uumb. in-rubling animal. till its flanks ran with blood. Hound and round liim in a circle, held by the picket rope, wheeled the unfortunate horse, dragging its dead rider with it. So intent was Scngrave cm this brutal u.-rk that he did not notice an approaching it tire till, turning; as he followed the nu»v»'»s;ent> of the horse, he saw, hut a short distance away from him, a mounted Arab, gazing; in wonder at the strange scene. That the Arab was armed to the teeth with long lance, heavy sword, and musket, as well as shield, he saw at a glance. As to the hostility of bis intention, then* could be no doubt, for the moment he saw himself noticed, he uttered a savage yell and roue forward at a furious pace. Jror an instant .Scagrave stood in dismay, as ho counted his chances on foot, armed with a short sword, against those of his : opponent, well mounted, and with a Jong lance. Suddenly lie thought of the soldier's carbine, and sprang towards the horse that now btood quietly by, looking with pile eyes at the dead man. But the nervous animal would not suffer him to approach With a lively sense of the cruel treatment just received it backed and plunged in such a manner that to recover the weapon was impossible. Altanwhtle. the Arab was ch'sing on him, riding hard, lanro down and shield up. With u quick instinctive movement, he felt for his revolver. Only when he missed it aid he remember that he had cast it away. There was no means of escape, and in fight, even with the odds so much against hitn. lay his only hope. Struggling airainst the feel ing of panic thai overpowered hiu», and shaking from head to .foot, Seagruve ner himself as best he could to meet the forth coming attack. Nuw the foe was on him. the point, of the lance was at. his breast: lie could feci the cold steel tearing his flesh. "With a cry of terror he sprang aside, .-hut his eyes, and cut wildly at the air as man and horse swept It was but a short respite, for in an instant the Arab had. wheeled, and was at him again with a d» rlsive laugh.. Unnerved and pauic-strick-m. Sen grave fled screaming across the desert. Fear lent him strength, nut the race was a short one. Yet, short as it was, he died a hundred death? before the Arab spear transfixed and pinned him to the sand. Two days after the tragedy in the desert, the following appeared in an evening paper: *' The- dead bodies of Captain Seairravc and Trooper Lane, reported* mi-.-mg siuce the battle of Kl-Hutnuil, have been discovered. From the positions in which they were found, it is believed the unfortunate soldiers were overpowered by u party of the memy whilst trying t<> make their way hack to camp, and died fighting side by side." 