LADIEH' OOJli UMJN' ENGLISH LETTER. Boon wo shall havo to begin to taut about those half-yearly blessings so dear to a feminine hoart — the sales; though wo soom only just to havo finished disposing of tho pnrohases mado by no at the winter salon. I know for a faot that tho means of having delightfully up-to-dato materials will be reudy to hand for us, beoauso I have inter viewed oertain authorities on tho sabjoot, and, thoroforo, this week I havo been sotting down various models, whioh will bo oonvon iont for using tho materials whioh wo shall inovitably acquire during thoso exoiting times, and also for fitting us out woll for tho holidays, when it is a duty, as well as a pleasure, to attire oursolves in the freshest and daintiest stylo possible. And knowing that muslins will bo among the articles whioh wo Bhall sooure, I want to toll you of Boms of tho most stylish modoB whioh I saw for tho Goodwood raoos. « One of the most attraotive of theso was a largo- patterned ooriso and white muslin, mado up ovor a foundation of tho same ; brilliant shade. Rather startling, you will say; but though, perhaps, it may sound absurd, I mast toll you that tho impression it made on mo was that thoro was too muoh of it to be startling. The whole effeot was good. Tho shirt boasted two deep flounces, one above tho othoi, and tho upper one was headed by four rows of cerise and white ribbon, vory narrow, and gathered into the usual littlo raoho. The under, or lower, flounoo was only allowed two rows of the trimming, and eaoh wns bordered with lace. The bodioe had its littlo peculiarity, as uvuijr euit'ivopDUUUg uuuiuo uiuat uutu nowadays. Instead of everyone beiDg alike in garments of ono prevailing ont and shade, it is oonsidered good form to have yonr own distinctiveness, and a woman who would have tho oonrage and also the position to get tho fashion of oarrying her hat by its stringB instead of wearing it on her hoad, would be hailed by an admiring orowd, delighted at finding something original. « Well, you have not forgotten the gathered ribbon of oerise and white with whioh the | skirt was trimmod. This figured very largely indeed on the bodioe in question ; in faot, a deep yoko was formed of many rows of it, and a very pretty effeot it had, qnite novel and ont of tho ordinary. ' And so easy,' I murmured to myself whon I looked at it, thinking of the frionds of. Oub Hokb who liked to employ their oloverness in making things with their own hands. Bat if you would uso tho idea, mind and get the stripped ribbon, as it wae this that gave it anoh a good effeot. There was a beautifully arranged shoulder drapery of very soft oerise silk monsselino, arranged fiohu-wiso, and drawn down to the left side of the bodioe. It fastened with a great bow of broad ribbon in the two oolours, whioh also composed a twisted belt round tho waist ; and this brings me to a little foot whioh you ought to know. Almost overy dress boasts some sort of shoulder drapery now, generally of ohiffon, and this Btyle of trimm'ng is not intended only for muslin or silk gowns, but appears also on oloth and (ossbmire in the most reoklosB fashion. . This idea of mixing up materials in rather a strange way grows in pnblio favour. There was one skirt whioh I particularly admired, and, by the way, the rnmonr is oorreot that the very, very tight skirts are on /the wane, or, rather, tho love of them, I should say ; the skirts are beginning to show a faint suggestion of a fold, or a ghost of a gathering, at the baok, and the foundation of the skirt I am going to desoribe now, being only made this week, had this hopeful little suggestion. » Tho foundation was of white Bilk, ivory white, and the muslin (for, of oonrse, it was mnsliu) was of a delicate faint heliotrope, with violet cornflowers all over it. It had a pointed front and two very tall soallopod Uounoos, whioh wore bound with rioh violet velvet. Thio gave them a solidity whioh is not expeoted of a muslin. This was not all, however ; eaoh flounoo was edged above the velvet with a narrow, butter-coloured Valenolennes laoe, pat on the wrong way up. I hope you understand this. Instead of the lower edge of the laoe going to the lower edge of the flonnoe, it was reserved. The bodioe bad a very full draping of VlUieiiBUgou uumuu iu aucaujr quia a vest of violet velvet, with the high French eared collar. Eaoh ear waa edged with butter-ooloured laoe. It had elbow sleeves of muslin, with the frills of ohiffon. These latter are troublesome, but the beauty' of the elbow sleeve is a very powerful compensation for it, and I act sore we shall not oomplain. 