THE COUNCIL FRANCHISE. I had the good fortune to secure a com fortable seat in the gallery when the Treasurer moved the second reading of Household Suffrage Bill. Let me say Straight off that I am not in sympathy with the measure, bnt I must confess that Mr Holder's effort was the cleverest speciineq of parliamentary debating that I have ever heard in either house. For an hour and forty minutes the Treasurer poured fourth a perfect avalanche of logic which was, with a few exceptions keen and telling, while he manipulated interjections from the enemy's camp with marvellous skill for the purpose of strengthening and enforcing his argoments in support of the Bill. Mr Batchelor as leader of the Labor Party is alBO credited with having made his best political speech on this great question, so that the country now haB placed before it the strongest position of the unconpromising supporters of Household Snffrage for the Council, backed up by the threats of Mr Kingston that rebellion shall be followed by a double dissolution. It is generally believed that the country party in the House is all but unanimously pledged, through the Referendum, to send the Bill in its present form to the Conncil AUU and IUBIBLUIO therefore with WNU MM that ooay body rests the respoRsibility of daring to tread on Mr Kingston's tail—and, if such contingency arises the«roaring Lion" is to roam all over the land seeking whom Mhe mav J ,. . • ^ .7 " , , d V . evOD r- H 18 ^n,ficant tion thus far has not suggested that the . °PP°si- a compromise. Mr Playford, from whom a crushing speech was expected moved tbe previous question—thereby proposing to hang op the Bill. But surely some middle couree might be honorably arranged. There is not a ghost of a chance NIOUVO with W"U or U> without NUUUUI a 11 dissolution UUBUIDUOIL to 10 carry Household Suffrage; but, if the n ' . ' .. 1,110 Council would submit to the Assembly an amendment for a £15 franchise, the Premier's teeth would be drawn straight away, QB every reasonable man in the Lower Honse would agree that half a loaf is infinitely better than no bread. The amendment coming from tbe Legislative Conncil would be a graceful act and that body would only be enterpreting the opinions of country constituencies who would at the elections, had they been givepthe opportunity, have overwhelmingly carried the £1$ limit. Surely the opposition and tbe country party can agree to 6uch a compromise and in that case any big talk about enforcing the Premiers autocratic ideas would bo the wildest folly conceivable. The Governor would certainly never dream of exercising 1 is high prerogative when the consensus v* of v^tuiwu opinion would nvuiu be UOBU BO DlfUUg strong against A a a dieeo'ation, and Mr Kingston - would either accept the inevitable or tendtr his ||p^Rt i 0J , a Bpoij t child. 