[?] From Cole's Book Arcade we have received a most interesting work, issued by Ward, Lock, and Company, and edited by Arthur Rickett, entitled 'Prophets of the Century.' The prophets are Wordsworth, ^Shelley, Carlyle, Emerson, Tenny son, Browning, Eliot, Rusk in, Whitman, Morris, Tolstoi, and Ibsen. This list' will not satisfy most people, and the inclusion of Ibsen amongst these immortals is certainly premature. Ibsen came to the fore when a certain craze was abroad for psychological probings into human nature, and he pandered to that taste to the fullest ex tent — in 'Ghosts,' for instance, more than to the fullest extent. It was the fashion to admire Ibsen, and whoever did not admire Ibsen was a Philistine. Bv this time the erase is over, and worship of Ibsen is a thing of the past, not likely to be revived in the coming century, when he will be regarded in much the same light as we regard the dramatists of the time of Charles II. But apart from Ibsen, we may consider that the remainder of the list are sufficiently representa tive to fairly render the book worthy of its title. Each 'prophet' i& dealt with _, by independent writers, and the whole aim of the book is appa rently to give a plain exposition of their aims and lighten the path through many of their ob scurities. To all students of literature this 'book will prove welcome, as helping them to more clearly comprehend the works of the masters in English literature and the felicity of their expres sions. 'The Australian Art Review,' a monthly jour nal of music, art, and drama, edited by F. Aengen heyster, is principally devoted to musical subjects, at least, the first number is. T6 musical people, it will prove a very interesting magazine, as' it is well edited and got up. ' 'The Australian Technical Journal,' /published by Kealy and Philip, for the technical education branch, is issued for the use and interests of tech nical students throughout New South Wales. It has now reached its third volume, so that its po pularity is evident. It deals with all classes of technical education. A curious little volume comes to us from the .pro prietors of 'Warner's Safe Cure.' It is, of course, an advertisement of that patent medicine, but half of the brochure is devoted to a history of the abo rigines of Australasia. Perusing this, we find that a very fair and readable account is given, and, though some of the statements are not quite approved facts, and others may, perhaps, have been omitted, it is very complete considering the wide subject it deals with. 'Young Australia' for the month is well Illus trated, and interesting for the young readers for whom it is intended. 'Cosmos' contains its usual varied contents. A wonderfully illustrated catalogue is that is sued by the 'Wunderlich Patent Ceiling and Roof ing Company.' Both the photographing and re production of the contents arc real works of art, and show how beautifully art can be applied to decorative building work. The 'Windsor Magazine' for February, Ward, Lock, and Company, is an interesting number, containifig some exceedingly good fiction. 'Stalky and Company' will, of course, be read with inter est now that Kipling has been so near the death which he has so often described in others. But though his schoolboys are true to life, the. matter is not Kipling at his best. 'Stories of the Gold Star Line' are continued. The present one, 'The Story of the Rice Paper Chart,' this month is. re markably good. So, too, is 'The Doctor's Mar riage,' which, though on a somewhat trite theme, here receives novel treatment. For a .piece of fair and honest humor 'Ah Lun's Gift,' by W Pett Ridge, is exceedingly good. Crockett con tinues his exciting tale of 'Joan of the Sword.' To turn from fiction to the articles, 'One of the Smallest Constitutional Monarchies in the World' is about the most interesting. The smallest con stitutional monarchy is Liechtenstein,' lying be tween Switzerland and Austria, a sort of Utopia, where crime is almost actually unknown. The illustrations are all good, and the magazine seems to have greatly improved in tone of late. From Messrs. George Roberteon and Company comes 'The. Rip'e Redemption,' by E. Livingston Prescott, published by George Bell and Sons. This is the story of a gentleman ranker, and mostly consists of the trials and troubles he under goes in the barrack-rcom. He is finally brought ' to repentance by his love for a girl he had known i in his old life, and dies saving the life of a com rade who had. systematically bullied him. The etory is but a weak 'one, but the Rip's character and Uhat of his captain are well drawn. From the 'Bulletin' Newspaper Company comes to us the second edition of Ogilvie's book of venses 'Fair Girls and Gray Horses.' Truth : to telL this ediition did not need the added rhymes ! which serve to increase the bulk of the volume, j None of these additional verses are equal in merit ' tothe old ones. 'The Broken Shoe -*' is distinct ly bad, and the remainder of the freshly interpo lated verses look like those which had been right 3y discarded at -the inception of the first volume, and now, on bad advice, included again. Ogilvie j struck a fresih, bright note in his first ballads. By I taking in the ones which are added to £he second edition he shows has hand, as it were. That is to say, he has included verses which have seemingly been written to order, and contain cant bush phrases, dragged in by the head - and shoulders, j instead of rippling u© spontaneously amongst the swing of tie rhyme. We welcomed Ogilvie glad ly as a blythe singer, quaint, cheerful, and good, one who did not look upon the bush with the jaundiced eye of constitutional melancholy. It is a pity that these verses are now added to the original edition as they spoil that effect The volume is most admirably got up, and does credit ; ?to -£he publishers, but an unhappy' fate:- seems to dog both them and the author. The UJ.U XUUK-UT%LLlUil£i LU U16 XTOUXlSpieCe OI ' Fair Girls ' were beneath contempt, and resembled- an attempt to portray . the witches in Macbetth. In this edition the artist has made another attempt, and given the; public a group of sclerotic female heads calculated to gladden the heart of a misogynist. The allega tion that these represent 'fair girls' lies between tjhe artist and his conscience. From Cole's Book Arcade we have received -cThe Australasian /Meteorological Almanac,' com piled fey J. Harcourt Giddon. . It contains much useful informaitUm,] and also forecasts of- weather, which may 'be useful in making people 'fiiecide' whether to take an umbrella '-, or walking stick when leaving home. There is.. also an'; exquisite ; introductory little poem, -to Australia, of. which' wfe ? quote one vense: ' . ' ' ? , _ : .-. '0. 'Nature's choicest, gifts, Austral Land, are - taine^ Thou art the'land of corn and oil and wine. 'j.V; Most luscious fruits luxuriantly grow, .... - . . ii Whilst rocks and 'trees and flow*iB witli- -jtoniesrj \- flow.' , ? -: - . ? ??or'-*i 