T'?.sE ought to be a stringent law, uncom promiingly administered, to prevent past speeches.of Ministers--Prime Ministers in particular-from being exhumed and utilised as a counterb..st to their present speeches. Nobody cares to be dealt a staggering blow on the j iw, and when the hand that deals the blow is one's own it is even less a relish. In politics especiali;', where change of attitude is much more often attributable to change of circumstances thaon to change of opinion, this salutary canon of writing off tach past day as it goes and starting each to-morrow as it comes with a clean ,heet and no responsibilities carried forward. would be splendid. "'Yesterday" is about thie worst and most remorseless critic that many of our men of light and leading could possibly or conceivably have, and therefore in the interests of unimpeded Ministerial somersaulting and politicaljump-jim-cro-ing it sould be well to make.the resurrecting of yesterday's speeches and ultimatums a fe:ony punishable by such severe sentences as wou!d make the practice of the political resurrectionist one surrounded with immense difficulties and dangers. Then a Premier who to-day stamped his foot and clenched his fist and glared at the world defiantly as he b:llowed hIis unyielding" n a ' could to morrow, without any risk of the thing being thrown in his teeth, drop his frown and look fl~ible and rub his hands with infinite complacency and whisper "yes" as shyly and blushingly as a msodest damsel to her importunate lover. Aniy impertinent journal i.t, or equally impertinent political cynic bblonging to the other camp, who dared, unheedful of the law, to refer to the oleh' fs1, could be summarily run in and tried Ss Dreyfus and sent, without loss of time or any absurd red tape formalism, to some remote Ile du Diable, there to expiate his crime on bread and water. Our political guides surely deserve some consideration as they shamble and stumble and turn in their tracks, leading us by devious paths and ways that we know not to the promised land;and no consideration would be so richly appreciated as this absolute prohibi bitiotn of disinterment touching those official speeches and manifestoes ot the dead past which are at loggesheads with the official speeches and manifestoes of the living present. A Prime Minister could then turn his coat six days a week, varying the pro ceedings by standing alternately on his head and his heels, and nobody would have the shameless audacity to comment ironi cally on the amazing versatility, and, least of all, have the temerity to question the con nection between acrobatics and statesmanship, without running the known risks of the implacable Law of Freedom. The mTelagraph may thank its stars that the law is still a shadowy conception hover ing on the outermost verge of a muddled consciousness, else there would be trouble. It is relentlessly exhuming Mr. Reid's con clusions and resolutions of twelve months ago, and printing them with all the telling portions emblazoned in capital letters. That is the refinement of cruelty-deliberate, thought-out, carefully devised, Satanic--with sounds of mockery as a background. Of course it won't hurt Mr. Reid, who can always go to Albany or a-fishing or to sleep; but it is setting a shocking example. It is not nice for a labouring Minister, who has to make his calling and election sure and is working out his own salvation with fear and trembling, to be interrupted in the middle of an elaborate and halting apology for Braddon's Blot and told that yesterday he dubbed it a fiend of darkness with whom there could be no communion or intercourse, and to havesome inconvenient phonographic record of that yesterday thrust under his nose. Yesterday is dead and buried, and respect for the -defunct should be sufficient to ensure that the grave of it shall not be rifled by any knave who wants a shin-bone to make a weapon of, especially if his inten tion and desire is to hit a twisting dervish of a politician with it. There will be no end to the confusions of life if this unmannerly and unneighbourly conduct is to be coun tenanced. It is sa much nfore convenient to plant an accusing yesterday six feet under ground, with a heavy slab of stone on top to keep down any restless ghost that might wish to revisit the pale glimpses of the moon and make mischief. Lacking the necessary law against the walking of ghosts and thie brazen openi-ig of graves, the best defence is to cultivate a capacity for ignoring ghostly gibberings. The past being dead it ought, according to all the canons of grave yards, to forbear from interfering in the living present. Variety is the spice of life, what curry powder and capsicum are to the jaded Anglo-Indian palate; and to welcome back with blessings the unamended Braddon Blot that was lately hounded out with male dictions is only variety in one of its protean forms. Mr. Reid's new role seems to be to laugh at consistency as the connotation of an impostor, a humbug, and a hypocrite, and to regard an ability to turn within his own length as a complete demonstration-of political perfection. If it were not for his eye glass it would be. difficult sometimes tb say just now whether it is Mr. Reid's face or the back of his head we are looking at. What jocund sniggerings Mr. Wise and Mr. Barton must secretl!y indulge in when they read Mr. Reid's latest expositions in the search light of the exactly opposite exordiums oflast year and note his arithings under the pin pricks of public criticism. The mischief is that quite a number of people suspect the sincerity of the conversion. No wonder MIr. Reid finds much savour in those proverbs which justify change of attitude. Why shouldn't a politician please himself in this just as freely as in changing his brand of tobacco or the shape of his cravat ? Are we to be fettered by our yesterdays ? Perish the thought. But the wise Minister would refrain from justifying himself, and-let the sheeted ghosts of yesterday. squeak and gibber unheeded. He would regard the past as a closed book, and look steadfastly to the future, remembering, as a famous poem has it, Tbha time has coms, O Carpenter, To talk of many things, Of obohS nd ships, and sealiUg-waa, Of cabbsgea and Kiongs, And why the sea is boiling hot, And whether pigs have wings 