T'-e 'Apparatus' Can Lie. Photographera, especially amateur photographers, will fell you that the camera cannot lie. This only proves that photographers, especially amateur pho tographers, cah ; for the dry plate can fib as badly as the canvas on occasion, aud is actually more pernicious because of Its undeserved reputation of veracity. Who (asks the 'Pall Mall Gazette') would believe a ghost story on the un corroborated evidence of a painted pic ture ? Yet a' photograph of a uoubg at Halesowen, taken a few days ago, in cluded the likeness of the wealthy lady who vacated It six months back. As she vacated It for the churchyard, tin plate appropriately enough exhibited her dressed In a shroud ; and so con vincing was this very counterfeit pre sent inent that' a regular ghost scare broke out, and several women averred thut they could 'see the dead lady at the window. On Saturday It was dis covered that it was all-due to some flaw In the photographic apparatus, Just as in a very similar case at Ipswich, Kng lund, some time ago. There the view represented a backwater off the Elver Gipping, and in the water there was clearly outlined a drowned female figure— waist, bust, features, hair aud all. They actually dragged the river to see what they could find, and found nothing. Curiously enough, a woman was really drowned at that very spot a few weeks later ; so that Ipswlcji pho tography seems to be as previous as Halesowen Is retrospective. M. Worth Is said to have made close upon a million out of his gowns. Titled people are not always leaders of fashion, as many seem to thiuk. A certain countess is said to dress so plainly that on one occasion she was asked by a gentleman at a fashionable gathering to fetch him a spoon— lie thought she was a housemaid 1 More over, she did so, and treated the whole thing as a Joke when the gentleman dis covered his mistake. Another lady .was told Id a utilise whisper, by a waiter, to eat her soup wlili a spoon only, he evi dently thinking she was strange to tlie manners of ullra-fusulonaMe society Judging by her plain dress that she was a nobody ; but the lady often tolls this to her friends, and makes light of the clr cutuslauceB. 